 scarlet quest -lrb- world of odealeous -rrb- a.j. martinez copyright © 2013 a.j. martinez all rights reserved . 
 license notes smashwords edition this novel is licensed for your personal enjoyment only . 
 this novel is a work of fiction . 
 names , characters , places and incidents are either the product of the author 's imagination or ; if real , used fictitiously . 
 this novel may not be re-sold or given away to other people . 
 this novel may not be reproduced or transmitted into any form or by any electronic or mechanical means , including photocopying , recording , or by any information storage and retrieval system . 
 if you would like to share this book with another person , then please purchase an additional copy for this purpose . 
 if you 're reading this book and did not purchase it , or it was not purchased for your use only , then please purchase your own copy . 
 thank you for respecting the hard work of the author . 
 http://ajmartinezauthor.com/ isbn : 978-1-942749-25-7 chapter 1 : a man of victory they ran through the misty forest with a bounty on their heads . 
 they thought they could get away with it . 
 jump over the country border , down south , and never be seen again . 
 they made that goal impossible to reach the moment they decided to pilfer the prince 's treasure . 
 no one in the country could get away with such a crime . 
 stealing from royalty meant writing your own suicide letter , but a desperate thief gives it no mind . 
 it did not matter if it was fool 's gold . 
 it was a snatch and run . 
 find one valuable treasure and take it , even if it means taking the foe 's life first . 
 that is the mind of a thief : anything for the money . 
 the twelve thieves sprinted among the trees , never looking back , only hoping their speed would set them free from their bounty hunter . 
 their leader carried the prince 's treasure . 
 `` do you think we lost them ? '' 
 asked a skinny one with black hair in a ponytail and a long nose . 
 `` i do n't know , but they ca n't chase us forever , '' answered the leader . 
 `` boss , look up ahead , '' said another , this one wore a black headband and taller than the others . 
 up ahead , a river crossed their path . 
 all twelve thieves stopped at the bank of the river . 
 it looked deep , long to cross , and there were no boulders to jump on over to the other side . 
 `` this is going to slow us down , '' said their leader . 
 `` what should we do , wolfgang ? '' 
 asked the one with the black headband . 
 `` i think we should go around . 
 hopefully , we 'll run into some fisherman with a boat and steal it from him , '' suggested the short one . 
 the rest just stood waiting for wolfgang 's command . 
 `` we are swimming across the river , '' said wolfgang , `` larry ! '' 
 he turned to a thief behind him . 
 larry had a serious look on his face . 
 probably the silent killer of the group . 
 `` you are the best swimmer . 
 take the prince 's treasure and do n't you dare lose it . '' 
 `` whatever you say , sir , '' responded larry . 
 wolfgang threw a brown pouch over to larry . 
 `` once we deliver this piece of treasure to the queen , our pockets will be filled with gold . 
 enough for the twelve of us to retire till old age . '' 
 wolfgang and the thieves laughed thinking about their reward . 
 `` all the women in the village will be begging to marry me , '' said the short one of the group . 
 as they all laughed , the short man began to make a gurgling sound that did not blend in with the group 's laughter . 
 the laughter subsided as they heard the awkward sound coming from the short man . 
 `` are you alright , tom ? '' 
 the tall man with the black headband asked . 
 looking at him , they all saw there was an arrow in his throat , and blood running down his neck , staining his clothes . 
 they watched as tom fell to his knees and collapsed . 
 `` no , not now . 
 we were so close , '' wolfgang cried out . 
 he gazed across the river and eyeballed the area . 
 the rest of the thieves began to panic and drew their swords , knives , and throwing weapons . 
 suddenly , wolfgang 's eyes caught sight of an arrow flying from the other side of the river . 
 it pierced the head of one of his thieves . 
 the thief collapsed and all the members stepped away in cowardice from the corpse . 
 wolfgang looked to the other side of the river , and between two trees , a man nocked an arrow on his bow . 
 `` run ! '' 
 yelled wolfgang . 
 he began to run alongside the river , following the stream and behind the first row of trees to avoid the arrows . 
 he thought his group was following him , running right behind him as he commanded . 
 however he glanced back and noticed they were n't there . 
 he stopped behind a tree and saw his group of thieves running in the direction that they had come from . 
 it was like working with a bunch of morons . 
 `` you imbeciles ! '' 
 he roared . 
 `` you 're going the wrong way . 
 you 'll die , you bunch of idiots . 
 the band of the fox will have your head . '' 
 in frustration , wolfgang wanted to ignore them and leave by himself , but then he remembered , the prince 's treasure . 
 larry had it and he was with the rest of the thieves . 
 so close and yet so stupid . 
 he had to run back to prevent them from losing the treasure they worked so hard to get . 
 nine of them were now running back in the direction from which they came . 
 they thought the band of fox was suddenly approaching from the opposite direction . 
 oh , great dragon gods , how wrong they were . 
 coming from the fog , in a blurry view , someone on horseback emerged . 
 all nine thieves stopped . 
 `` we 've been tricked , '' said larry , `` what do we do , boss ? '' 
 he looked at the members , and realized that wolfgang was missing . 
 then he began to think , this is the end . 
 as he looked at the enemy on horseback coming from the fog , three more horsemen appeared and they were closing in fast . 
 most men of warfare would stand their ground and fight until the end and at least die with honor . 
 there was no honor with these men . 
 they were thieves and so when the moment came , they betrayed each other , all nine of them . 
 larry ran back to the river and left the rest of them to the horsemen who were on the hunt . 
 the first horseman tackled through them with his horse and cut off the heads of two thieves , left and right with his twin swords . 
 he jumped off the horse and clashed swords with two more . 
 the second horseman carried an axe . 
 he was burly and tall . 
 he saw one thief running away and hurled his axe at the running coward . 
 the axe got stuck on the back of the thief 's cranium . 
 the axe horseman jumped off his horse , stepped on the head of the thief 's corpse and yanked out his weapon . 
 the last two horsemen came rushing in as well . 
 one carried a saber , pure red hair flaming on his head , and different from the others . 
 the other horseman was a woman with short black hair , slender figure , and she wielded a spear . 
 `` make sure you keep one of them alive , '' commanded the red hair horseman . 
 the woman jumped off her horse , descending on a thief , broke through his defense , and pierced his chest . 
 the thief fell with the weight of the woman stabbing his chest . 
 she stomped on his face and then yanked the spear out . 
 `` you ... are ... a woman ? '' 
 the thief groaned as he felt his life fading away . 
 `` yes , '' she said , `` i am not your orthodox female . '' 
 then she stabbed him one last time . 
 the red headed horseman jumped off his horse as well . 
 as soon as his feet touched the ground , he dashed among the trees with an incredible speed like that of a wolf . 
 he moved so fast that , he sliced one thief and the coward did not react to the pain until he saw the crimson staining his clothes then collapsed . 
 his speed made it difficult to see where he was swinging his sabre . 
 the redheaded man quickly snuck behind another two and horizontally slashed the thieves that his twin sword friend was fighting . 
 the two thieves grunted in pain and died . 
 `` must you always take my fun ? '' 
 asked the man wielding two swords , disappointed he did not get to cut down the thieves . 
 `` we 're not doing this for the joy , oseth , '' answered the redheaded man . 
 oseth saw three more thieves running away from the battlefield . 
 `` those three are mine , '' claimed oseth . 
 he ran after them , but then he saw his friend with the big axe , cleaving two of them . 
 oseth stopped , frowned and cursed . 
 `` edd , you big meat head , i said i got them , '' oseth yelled at his friend . 
 `` this is not playtime , '' said edd . 
 there was one more thief . 
 larry knew he could not win . 
 all he had was daggers to defend himself . 
 crossing the river would only slow him down and he feared dying with an arrow in his body like his other friends . 
 his only choice was to run . 
 edd could not catch larry . 
 the red headed man used his wolf-like speed again and ran past edd . 
 the wind blew hard as he rushed . 
 the red headed man finally caught larry , clutched his shirt , pulled him back and slammed the thief on the ground . 
 the man stomped on larry 's chest , pressing him against the ground . 
 `` i 'll do anything , '' begged larry , `` just do n't kill me . '' 
 `` that was easier than taking a piss , '' commented edd , standing next to his friend . 
 they both stared down at the thief . 
 larry took out a small knife hidden in his belt , but just before larry could use the knife , edd noticed it and stomped on his hand . 
 larry now had two men holding him down as he lay helplessly . 
 then the woman with the spear entered the scene . 
 `` looks like you got it all under control , '' she said and patted the red headed man on the shoulder . 
 `` make it quick , auron . 
 i want to go home to my sisters . '' 
 larry 's eyes widened when he heard the name , `` auron . '' 
 `` auron ? 
 you mean . 
 the auron . 
 the man whose head is always on fire . '' 
 `` shut up ! '' 
 auron stomped on larry 's chest again , causing him to gasp for air . 
 `` i ask the questions and you answer , '' auron commanded . 
 `` you know why we are here , so make this easy for us and we 'll let you go unharmed . '' 
 `` what do you want , fox ? 
 what could a man of such high status want from a commoner like me ? '' 
 larry coughed , still struggling to breathe as auron twisted and pressed his foot on his chest . 
 `` ha , just look at you , taking the life of poor men while you profit from our deaths . '' 
 `` we profit from your crime and death is your atonement . 
 you are nothing but a low life thief that knows nothing except to pilfer . 
 do n't you dare accuse me for the suffering of the poor , '' auron said , staring down at the thief , giving him time to answer . 
 `` i believe there is one more , '' said the woman standing next to auron . 
 `` let 's start with this one first , '' said auron , `` give me the prince 's treasure . '' 
 `` i do n't have it , '' answered larry . 
 `` liar ! 
 do you think we would hunt you down without having a clue of what you did ? '' 
 edd said with his arms crossed . 
 `` we know you stole the treasure of the king 's son . 
 you are probably thinking of selling it somewhere for thousands of coins . '' 
 `` i said i do n't have it ! '' 
 larry gave a half yell , still unable to budge auron 's foot from his chest . 
 `` well then , you are of no use to us . '' 
 auron lifted his sword with the end of the blade pointing down at the thief and bluffed his intent . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 larry panicked , `` i do n't have it . 
 someone else does . '' 
 `` ha ! 
 i knew there were more of you , '' said the woman , leaning on auron . 
 `` where is he ? '' 
 `` he ran away after one of our friends was killed with an arrow , '' larry answered , hoping they would spare him , believing he was of value with the information he provided . 
 `` yes , our friend saron scared you and led you in our direction . 
 you thieves are n't very smart , '' said the woman with her spear of her shoulder . 
 auron turned his head to edd . 
 `` do you think saron let the others get away ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i do n't think so , but i will go and look for him . 
 that midget probably took them down already , '' edd answered and walked towards the river . 
 he then saw the bushes moving and rustling . 
 he assumed another thief was approaching . 
 the three bounty hunters readied their weapons again but once the person from the bushes emerged ... it was saron . 
 he was short , probably four inches shorter than the rest of them . 
 he carried a bow and arrows , with daggers and small knives sheathed in his belt . 
 he dragged an injured man out of the bushes with an arrow in the man 's right foot and in his thigh . 
 it was wolfgang . 
 `` he has it , '' said larry pointing at wolfgang , `` he has the prince 's treasure . 
 he was running away with it . '' 
 `` god damn you , larry , '' wolfgang snarled , `` i hope the band of the fox kills you first , so i can watch you die , traitor . '' 
 `` what a pitiful group , '' said oseth , several feet away , resting his back on a tree with both hands behind his head comfortably , one leg over the other and his twin swords resting on his lap . 
 quite the relaxer . 
 he watched them from afar , letting the team do the problem solving . 
 `` i have seen better team work from a pack of wild dogs . 
 you thieves are something special , '' oseth said , sarcastically as he usually did . 
 his friends hated his laziness , but he was always of great aid due to his skills with the sword and his pyromancy . 
 oseth did n't take much seriously . 
 `` hurry it up , mates , and let 's get something to eat . 
 i think my stomach is eating my insides . '' 
 `` remind me again why you keep him around auron ? '' 
 asked the woman with a mildly angry tone of voice . 
 `` leave him alone , genie . 
 he does what he is supposed to do and he does it well , '' auron told genie . 
 although the rest of the team was not so fond of oseth 's work ethic , auron always defended him . 
 auron kept the fire going in the team as the leader of the band of the fox , the most famous and feared mercenary band of burnahdujf and the south country . 
 `` saron , bring the thief over here , '' auron commanded . 
 saron dragged wolfgang 's body to auron and tossed the thief on the floor next to larry . 
 as soon as wolfgang was positioned next to larry , he punched the coward with his left fist . 
 the two thieves began to fight on the ground and bickered over their immature teamwork and failure , like children fighting over a toy . 
 saron and edd hauled them up and forced them to face auron . 
 they stared into the blue eyes of the red headed mercenary and lightly shuddered . 
 `` genie , check their pockets , '' auron ordered his female band member . 
 she dug into the pocket of wolfgang 's dirty brown pants . 
 they were empty . 
 `` hey , pretty girl , you can search more than my pockets if you want , '' jeered the dirty thief . 
 genie ignored him and moved on to larry , digging her hands into his pockets . 
 feeling something solid , she grabbed it and pulled it out . 
 it was a pendant , black and purple with small diamonds around the center jewel being held by a gold and silver base . 
 `` it 's beautiful , '' she murmured . 
 she turned to wolfgang and her feeble smile turned to a frown . 
 she then delivered a kick between larry 's legs . 
 the thief then gasped for air and fixed his hands between his legs , as he fell to the ground after being released from edd 's grasp . 
 `` that was uncalled for , genie , '' auron stated . 
 `` i guess all cowards die hard , '' shouted oseth from a nearby tree . 
 auron and edd just chuckled , but then they were startled by the sudden bloodshed from larry and his gagging sounds . 
 genie had thrust her spear into his belly . 
 no one was expecting such an action and auron surely did not command it . 
 sometimes , genie would take the lead without a word . 
 she was an independent woman and powerful . 
 she took the thief 's life without hesitation . 
 auron , edd , and saron would get intimidated at her masculinity sometimes and were afraid of telling her what to do . 
 she was very generous and contributed to the team a lot , sometimes more than the men . 
 `` a little warning next time , genie . 
 you startled me , '' auron suggested , taking a step back . 
 `` sorry sir , '' she apologized , `` i just thought the dirty thief deserved it . 
 should i spear the other one too ? '' 
 `` we 'll take it from here , genie . 
 thank you , '' edd gently lowered her spear . 
 `` the job is done , auron . 
 let 's deliver and collect our reward . 
 my wife is waiting , '' saron said as he let go of wolfgang and kicked him to the floor . 
 `` god damn you all . 
 if i was able to walk , i would kill all five of you , '' threatened wolfgang . 
 saron kicked him again and stepped on the injured foot . 
 `` you are in no position to make threats . 
 why do n't you stay here and keep your friend company . 
 goodbye . '' 
 saron walked away . 
 the short man whistled and out of the fog , a brown horse appearing and ran to its master . 
 saron mounted the horse . 
 `` let 's go ! '' 
 he shouted and galloped into the mist . 
 `` such patience , '' auron murmured , `` well then , let 's get out of here . '' 
 auron , edd , oseth and genie called their horses with a whistle , mounted and rode away . 
 wolfgang watched them leave , as he lay on the ground injured , unable to walk next to larry 's corpse . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 wolfgang yelled . 
 `` please do n't leave me with this idiot . 
 kill me if you must . '' 
 ************ on the path , hundreds of miles away from the capital city of burnahdujf , they traveled north on horseback . 
 the green fields were vast with trees and fruits that they fed from on their way back to collect their reward . 
 they rode admiring all the agriculture and the sight of the farms , fields of rice and other vegetation . 
 they passed village after village and everywhere they went , someone knew their name . 
 the band of the fox . 
 mainly for auron fox . 
 the man who kills for money . 
 the man who would go across the country for a bag full of gold . 
 everything he did was for the money . 
 every job he took whether if it was an assassination mission , finding someone or something , being a body guard , babysitting some wealthy man 's family , or fighting off an enemy in some distant war , auron and his band never failed . 
 he chose his members wisely and those who begged to join his band usually never pass his test . 
 some perceived the band of the fox as heroes and others saw them as stone hearted sword wielding bastards . 
 auron cared not . 
 he did not aim for fame . 
 he had a different goal in mind . 
 today his head was clouded with thoughts of his future plans . 
 `` what are you thinking about , auron ? '' 
 asked edd . 
 auron did not answer ; it seemed his mind was somewhere else . 
 edd waited for auron to respond but all he heard was the sound of the horse 's shoes and saron and oseth conversing in the back . 
 edd gently punched auron on the left arm stretching his big muscles across his horse . 
 `` ouch ! '' 
 auron snarled , `` what 's wrong with you ? '' 
 `` sorry boss , just trying to get your attention . 
 you seem lost in thought . 
 missing your wife already ? '' 
 then genie 's horse galloped , reached the two men and strolled next to auron 's horse . 
 `` leave auron alone . 
 he is probably thinking of our next mission . '' 
 genie always stood by auron and his opinion . 
 `` i am just thinking of those thieves , '' auron finally said , `` where were they going with the prince 's treasure ? 
 it was just a pendant . 
 it is probably enchanted with magic . '' 
 auron turned his head to genie . 
 `` let me see that pendant . '' 
 genie was wearing it . 
 she was quite fond of it and wished she could keep it . 
 it was beautiful and as tough as her friends thought her to be , she still enjoyed womanly things . 
 she removed the pendant and gave it to auron . 
 auron contemplated it . 
 being a magus himself , he had knowledge of enchanted objects . 
 he held the pendant on his left palm . 
 he used his right hand and released green steam of earth magic . 
 he waved his hand over the pendant hoping it would react but nothing happen . 
 then his hand released blue steam of water magic and he waved it over the pendant again . 
 still no reaction . 
 `` genie , try divine magic . '' 
 auron tossed the pendant to genie . 
 she caught it and tried to use divine magic on it . 
 genie 's magic allowed her to heal her friends in and out of battle . 
 her hands glowed with a white light over the pendant and still the jewel showed no sign of enchantment . 
 genie tossed the pendant back to auron . 
 `` perhaps it will react to dark magic sir , '' edd suggested . 
 `` perhaps , '' auron repeated , `` i would n't be surprised but why did the thieves steal it ? 
 could it be that they were heading to the south country ? '' 
 `` what interests me most is how they were able just to snatch it from the prince ? 
 the castle is heavily guarded , '' genie said , solemnly . 
 the conversation brought to them a dull mood . 
 the only thing cheery was the sound of oseth and saron bantering and laughing behind them . 
 `` do you think someone let them in ? '' 
 edd questioned . 
 `` if so , then there is more going on than i thought , '' auron stated , `` there could be a chance that someone set us up and this mission was just a façade . '' 
 `` a façade ? '' 
 genie seemed dumbfounded . 
 `` that ca n't be . 
 the king would never mislead you . '' 
 `` he is a man of power and those with power intend to use it . 
 i know little of the king 's motivations , '' auron began to feel apprehensive . 
 `` it is only a theory , i can only speculate as to why the prince 's treasure was such an easy snatch for a guild of thieves , but i think edd has a good point . 
 someone inside the castle allowed this to happen . 
 we must be cautious next time the king hires us . '' 
 most of auron 's highest paying jobs were from the king . 
 other jobs were from wealthy affiliates whom he knows very well . 
 however , he usually relied on the jobs given to him by the king , but he understood that making `` friends '' with those in royalty can also turn to be his greatest enemies . 
 he knew better than to get close to people outside his home . 
 auron had a better understanding of business than most mercenaries who ended up getting murdered by their own employer . 
 `` i do n't trust anyone in royalty , '' said edd , `` they promise one thing then turn their back on the people . 
 king after king , it 's always been the same . 
 why do n't they give the throne to someone who deserves it ? '' 
 `` that might not be the best idea , '' genie advised , `` if it was n't for the sainos dynasty , this country would not be the richest from what i understand this world to be . 
 anyone else on the throne might change the efforts that the sainos family applied to make this country so powerful . 
 i would not be surprised if the south declares war upon us again . 
 either way , i still dislike the sainos family . '' 
 `` there will always be another war , '' auron said speaking with experience . 
 the man had gone through so much he could write tomes . 
 `` like i said those with power intend to use it and crave more power as well as property . 
 i learned from studying the nature of fire . 
 fire is power and it will spread . 
 those who do not know the definition of enough wo n't be able to control that fire . '' 
 `` can we change the subject ? '' 
 edd snapped . 
 he hated talking about kings , power and politics . 
 edd was a big man with simple pleasure . 
 he just wanted to go home to his wife and drink wine , play with his children and lay back with sunshine . 
 he rather stay home carving wood than to spill the blood of strangers . 
 `` hey , auron , why do n't you try some fire magic on the pendant ? 
 maybe it will work , '' edd suggested . 
 `` hey , you know auron ca n't use fire . '' 
 genie defended auron . 
 `` do n't remind me , '' auron said . 
 `` get oseth to do it . 
 he is the real hot head around here . '' 
 edd turned his torso to look back at oseth and saron who were still bantering throwing one joke after the other , teasing each other and trying to knock each other off their horses . 
 `` hey , oseth , come over here ! '' 
 edd shouted and gestured at oseth . 
 `` just forget it , edd . 
 it is not that important , '' auron said as serious as usual . 
 oseth spurred the horse and the animal rushed forward . 
 he stopped the horse next to edd pulling its head back by the reins . 
 `` how may i help you ? '' 
 asked oseth with a cheery tone . 
 `` auron , let oseth try it , '' edd said but auron refused and shoved the pendant in his belt pocket . 
 `` just forget it . 
 it 's not like we have any use of it , '' said auron . 
 auron 's eyes bloomed at what was approaching . 
 suddenly , the band of the fox watched as a group of horsemen approached . 
 the horses rushed quickly on the path going south as the band faced north . 
 it was a big group of horsemen . 
 about thirty of them , running as if they were chasing someone or going into battle . 
 they were definitely another mercenary band judging by their appearance . 
 they did not wear the armor of the knights from the sainos order . 
 rarely would anyone see a mercenary on his own . 
 the horseman in the front wearing luxurious armor made it obvious that he was the leader . 
 his hair was black in a ponytail and once auron saw the flag they waved , he knew who it was . 
 the symbol on the flag , a black tiger . 
 `` barvoch , '' auron whispered and nodded his head as if he knew this foe too well . 
 all of the horsemen stopped right in front of the band of the fox in a phalanx of four columns . 
 their leader 's horse stepped forward . 
 the leader put a grin on his face once he saw auron and chuckled lightly as if the sight of auron was a joke . 
 the leader 's horse was black . 
 black seemed to be the color of the group . 
 they all wore the color and had designs on their armor that symbolized a tiger . 
 `` look who we have here . '' 
 the leader of the group continued to chuckle and stroke his ponytail with a feminine swing . 
 `` the man who 's head is always on fire . 
 tell me , who 's job have you been taking lately ? '' 
 `` barvoch , we will move our horses to the side of the road and you can be on your way . 
 i refuse to listen to anything that comes out of your mouth . '' 
 barvoch , not just the man himself but everything he stood for annoyed auron . 
 barvoch was like a desperate child who tried to get everyone 's attention and made it overly obvious . 
 `` what 's wrong red head ? 
 ca n't talk to an old friend now that you are famous . '' 
 barvoch tried to drain auron of his stealth . 
 `` i am not in this for the fame , barvoch . 
 the word itself is too much of a burden . 
 now if you please ... '' `` you were always good at hiding your emotions , auron , '' barvoch rudely interrupted . 
 `` i can see through your facade . 
 perhaps you have forgotten that i was once in your band . 
 that thief hunt mission was going to be mine until you showed up at the king 's throne room . '' 
 `` always getting the wrong idea , barvoch . 
 the king obviously trusts me more and i do n't understand why you complain about getting kicked out of the band . 
 you have your own crew . 
 now , if you would clear the road for us . '' 
 auron was holding in the frustration . 
 he understood the hidden envy coming from his former band member . 
 a childish rivalry he did not pick , nor did he have the time to deal with . 
 `` i ca n't believe i use to call myself a fox , '' barvoch continued , `` black looks so much better on me . '' 
 the black tigers laughed and even the band of the fox laughed as well , but in a rather sarcastic manner . 
 `` if only your looks were as good as your swordplay , barvoch , '' auron mocked . 
 the band of the fox laughed even harder . 
 `` you want to try me red head , '' barvoch snarled . 
 `` can you just get out of the way ? '' 
 oseth roared taking in part of the conversation . 
 `` we need to get to the capital city . '' 
 edd smacked oseth on the back of the head and moved his horse towards his . 
 `` when auron is in a conversation , do n't interrupt you idiot , '' edd whispered to oseth , fearful of the situation escalating . 
 `` put your dog on a leash , auron , or he might die , '' barvoch threatened . 
 `` this can all be prevented if you just move along now and let us be on our way . 
 no need for violence . 
 you are not on my agenda . '' 
 auron tried to be the better man for he saw no profit in confronting barvoch . 
 `` die ! '' 
 oseth snarled , `` i will cut your pretty face into pieces . '' 
 oseth drew his two swords glaring at barvoch . 
 auron saw the bait and immediately yelled , `` oseth settle down , he is just trying to provoke us ! '' 
 oseth refused to sheath his swords . 
 he was way too competitive to allow someone to threaten him like that . 
 he never backed down from a fight . 
 saron moved his horse to the front to join his four band mates facing the black tigers . 
 his horse stood next to oseth . 
 `` listen , hot head , '' saron murmured . 
 `` we all want to go home . 
 do us a favor and do n't look for trouble . '' 
 barvoch laughed at oseth . 
 his cocky laugh was that of a spoiled prince . 
 it was typical of him to pick fights and being a well known mercenary himself , people feared his name , but not to auron 's height . 
 `` barvoch , are you looking for bloodshed . 
 if so , just remember ... you asked for it . '' 
 auron leered at barvoch and eyeballed the black tigers . 
 there were many of them but nothing auron could not handle . 
 barvoch only smiled with that wide cocky grin on his face auron hated so much . 
 `` you have n't changed one bit , barvoch , '' genie commented also getting into the conversation . 
 `` you are still a child . 
 putting up a tough attitude to cover the little coward you really are . '' 
 `` is that so ? '' 
 barvoch 's face seethed , his pale skin turned red . 
 `` i guess a little wanton like you knows much about playing with little boys . 
 you are the only female in the group after all . '' 
 genie grunted at the insult . 
 she removed the cover from the blade of her spear and pointed it at barvoch . 
 she wanted to thrust her blade at him but she did not want to cause a sudden battle . 
 `` you better hope we never meet in the battle , because i will make sure you die slowly with agony , '' she said and knew better than to let her anger get the best of her . 
 `` auron , let 's leave before i lose my temper . 
 ca n't we just go around them ? '' 
 `` there is not much space to move around on this narrow road and i hate to step on the farmer 's vegetation . '' 
 auron just pondered and stared at barvoch stressfully , trying to leave violence as the last resort . 
 `` barvoch will you get out of the way ? '' 
 `` excuse me , '' barvoch said with a polite and creepy tone of voice , `` it 's only fair that you move to the side , being the smaller group . 
 such a man with a big name and a small force . 
 i do n't understand how you have not died in battle yet . '' 
 `` i only have as many men as i can trust , '' auron answered . 
 `` well then , move your trusted men to the side in a line and my men will move quietly without any means of combat , '' barvoch negotiated . 
 `` agreed , '' said auron . 
 saron , edd , and oseth moved their horses behind auron and genie . 
 barvoch marched his men in a line and passed by the band of the fox . 
 it was a long group . 
 thirty men on horses passed one by one . 
 when the long line of horsemen finished , barvoch went last . 
 `` go back to your country red head , '' barvoch gave once last annoying laugh and finished with , `` as for you , my lady , do n't forget to think about me when you are opening your legs for other men . '' 
 barvoch and his black tigers ran down the path . 
 genie just wished she had something to hurl at barvoch . 
 a rock or a knife , anything but her spear , for he was not worth it . 
 `` one hell of a cocky bastard . 
 he was being an arse the entire time , '' oseth complained , still wishing he could have had a chance to clash swords with barvoch . 
 `` who was he ? 
 and how does he know auron ? '' 
 oseth asked feeling as if he had no part with what had just happened . 
 he did not like feeling left out of his group 's conflict . 
 the group 's conflict with an opponent was also his conflict , and he refused to be in the background of the painting when it came to fighting . 
 `` barvoch was in our band before we found you , '' saron said to oseth . 
 `` barvoch was one of our members about three years ago . 
 he was reckless and always went ahead of the group . 
 he always tried to take the lead , even though he was horrible at it . 
 the funny thing is that he was also a coward . 
 in battle , he was the first one to run away and the first to get injured . 
 it was sad . 
 he was really arrogant and always wanted everything to be done his way when auron was the one in charge . 
 he would never listen . '' 
 `` do n't forget the duel , '' edd got into the conversation bringing back memories from the band 's genesis . 
 `` saron , tell oseth about the fight with barvoch and auron hahaha . '' 
 edd chuckled . 
 auron just listened and crossed his arms . 
 auron enjoyed listening to saron , for the short man was a really good story teller . 
 it was his second best skill next to archery and accuracy . 
 `` auron told barvoch that he will have to leave the band due to his vile behavior . 
 barvoch quarreled with auron but we all agreed to kick him out . 
 barvoch then challenged auron to a duel ... '' saron paused for a few seconds . 
 `` well , do n't stop , mate . 
 continue . '' 
 oseth was anxious to hear what followed in the story . 
 `` barvoch lost terribly i mean he really did not stand a chance against auron . 
 auron broke barvoch 's sword and wounded his arms , legs , and almost cut off his phallus . 
 auron was seriously going to take his life or at least he bluffed it . 
 barvoch begged auron not to kill him . 
 he cried in front of everyone and with that said , genie left barvoch and the coward left the band . '' 
 everyone began to giggle at the last sentence of the story . 
 genie glared at saron and seethed with anger and embarrassment . 
 `` can we go and change the subject . 
 the sooner we go home the better , '' she said , frustrated . 
 `` oh , wait a minute , '' oseth said as he sheathed his swords behind his back . 
 `` are you telling me genie was with that womanly cocky bastard ? 
 hahaha , '' oseth laughed . 
 `` shut up ! '' 
 genie yelled and her horse ran around auron . 
 she then poked oseth on the head with her spear . 
 `` ouch ! '' 
 screamed oseth , and grabbed his forehead in pain . 
 `` stop laughing at me unless you want my spear in your gut , '' she threatened . 
 `` are you going to spear me like you speared barvoch , '' oseth ignored the pain and continued laughing , enjoying his own joke before her . 
 genie now pointed the spear at oseth 's neck . 
 `` easy there . 
 i was only joking . 
 take it easy , '' he said and genie withdrew the spear . 
 `` just one question , '' oseth added . 
 `` what made you even think about being with that man ? '' 
 `` that is none of your business , '' genie answered . 
 auron rode his horse between the two band members . 
 he constantly had to break up arguments . 
 he never allowed anything to get out of hand . 
 `` that 's enough . 
 let 's move . 
 once we deliver the prince 's treasure , we are free to go home and you can fight all you want . 
 got it . '' 
 `` yes sir , '' genie and oseth answered simultaneously . 
 the five of them turned their horses north and raced to barinos , the capital city of burnahdujf . 
 it was only one day away on horseback from their current location . 
 auron placed the prince 's pendant safely in his belt . 
 it was a long ride home but he doubted anyone would try to rob him on the road . 
 saron 's horse caught up with auron ahead . 
 `` sir , now that we just saw him again , i have been meaning to ask you something , sir . '' 
 `` go ahead , '' auron gave permission . 
 `` do you think barvoch has told anyone of our village ? '' 
 saron asked , worried . 
 `` good question , but there is no way he can gossip about it . 
 i casted a permanent spell on his tongue before we exiled him from the village . '' 
 chapter 2 : a masked welcome they arrived at the capital city . 
 the great gates began to open as four bronze armored men pulled the ropes . 
 two on the left and two on the right . 
 the country 's flag ruffled in the wind at the very top of the two towers of the gates . 
 the armored men pulled the large doors all the way aligning with the giant knight statues . 
 auron breathed with relaxation , for he loved the capital 's beauty . 
 he could already smell the market district and the taverns . 
 oseth was itching to go to the commercial district mainly for the dancers . 
 as soon as the entrance was wide enough , oseth 's horse galloped . 
 `` hurry it up . 
 i will be in the commercial district . 
 you know where . '' 
 oseth informed the group , as his horse sprinted into the great city leaving the band behind . 
 `` blah , we all know where he is going , '' said genie . 
 the four band members entered the city . 
 genie took out her spear and held it up with a flag tied to it . 
 the flag of their mercenary band had three red triangles that connected forming a white triangle in the middle . 
 a pair of red eyes was drawn in the white triangle , which made the flag look like a fox , thus the name of the band . 
 `` why use the flag now ? '' 
 asked edd looking up at the banner that he was so proud of . 
 `` those who recognize this flag will know who we are and will clear a path for us , '' answered genie . 
 `` that way we can get to the castle quicker . '' 
 there was a long row of houses that had statues of gargoyles , mystical forest creatures , and warrior figures on their rooftops . 
 trees grew in between houses and in the center of the street was a water fountain . 
 minotaur statue beared a water container creating a small cascade in the center of the water fountain . 
 the people were energetic . 
 they rode on horses , carriages and wagons moving on the rocky street . 
 people conversed and bantered on the side of the streets . 
 there were children running in the middle , barefooted with brown dirty tunics . 
 as the band rode their horses , there were men and women gambling . 
 some were dealing and selling goods . 
 knights in gold and silver armor held swords and spears patroling the city . 
 the air smelled of ashes and roasted meat coming from the market district . 
 yes , the smell was that strong . 
 the capital was the wealth of burnahdujf . 
 many people came here searching for jobs , to become merchants and study a trade . 
 everyone in the city moved fast without thinking too much . 
 it was no place for the slow and peaceful minded . 
 as the band passed by , some people winced at auron . 
 it did not bother him . 
 he was accustomed to it , for he was a foreigner and expected such behavior . 
 he grew up in the capital but some people were never comfortable with the sight of his pure red hair . 
 those who critiqued him would say it looked more like he tinted his hair rather than it being real . 
 he was the only person he knew with red hair . 
 it was a rare inheritance , but being a foreigner , it was normal from where he came from . 
 the people of burnahdujf were mostly brunettes . 
 he looked over his left shoulder at the row of stone and wooden houses and the buildings behind them , where he saw the castle . 
 it seemed far away , yet a fun walk . 
 it was enormous , the castle reigned over every other building in the city . 
 the three towers that attached to the center of the castle seemed to almost touch the sky . 
 it was a rich sight and just being able to see it every day , made living in the capital all worth the struggle . 
 auron remembered living in the city as a child with his foster father . 
 he would practice with his wooden sword every day . 
 auron remembered being happy , but the darker times were at the front of his memories . 
 his foster father would leave for days on some journey or mission and left auron with many tasks . 
 however , that would be the typical story for most children in the city that were not raised by affluent families . 
 the monarch cared very little about the working class and focused more on the higher class of the country . 
 as the band entered the market district , they began to hear whispers involving their name . 
 people cleared a path for the band of the fox . 
 the narrow streets began to get more and more crowded , making it hard to get through with their horses . 
 those who knew the band of the fox well would constantly approach them . 
 `` it 's the band of the fox ! '' 
 yelled a man from the crowd . 
 people began to touch auron , trying to reach him on his horse and waved at him . 
 some people were fond of him , although he did not like the attention . 
 women would taunt him , `` i 'll marry you and give you children , '' they would say . 
 he was tempted but his wife would kill him . 
 some people threw roses at him as admiration . 
 auron and the band of the fox had captured many criminals in and out of the city . 
 he had also saved many people from danger as part of his missions . 
 it was heartwarming to know that some bloody missions were for a good cause , but that was not his focus . 
 `` excuse me , please , coming through , '' he said politely . 
 `` sir , auron , i would like to thank you for saving my wife , '' a man from the crowd praised him . 
 `` sir auron , great job on that thief hunt , '' commented an adolescent . 
 `` you are my hero , sir auron , '' yelled a woman from afar . 
 `` thank you very much , '' auron said awkwardly , waving at the crowd . 
 he could never adapt to the fame that the band of the fox had gained . 
 the other band members seemed to love it . 
 `` you should be more grateful , auron . 
 these people admire you , '' genie said , riding her horse next to auron . 
 `` i agree with genie , sir , you brought this band together , '' edd added . 
 `` is not that i am not grateful but rather uncomfortable with all this attention , '' said auron , `` i never formed the band of the fox to gain fame , but rather a name brand that wealthier employers would recognize and constantly hire . 
 but i suppose this is good too . 
 there is always a profit in popularity after all . '' 
 `` if these people knew the types of job we do they would not be so fond of us , '' saron said , `` only words of our pretty mission has been spread . '' 
 then edd smacked saron on the back of the head , stretching his long muscular arm . 
 `` ouch ! 
 what the heck ? '' 
 saron snarled . 
 `` do not say that out loud ? 
 we have a reputation . 
 i do n't know who has been giving us such a pretty façade , but it is better if we keep it that way , '' edd lectured saron , for he took matters very seriously . 
 `` the less they know the better . '' 
 `` even if people knew of some of our dirty jobs , we would not stop doing what we do . 
 however , i assume they know what mercenaries do for a living . 
 some kill , some hunt , some become bodyguards , and some babysit . 
 in the ended , it 's about the profit . 
 many consider joining mercenary bands . 
 it can be a dirty job , but pays more than those of healers . 
 unless of course you are a skilled magus , you wo n't get paid as much as those in royalty , '' auron lectured . 
 auron had been a mercenary for the longest time , since before the band of the fox was formed . 
 the man had been spilling blood for gold since the day he entered adulthood . 
 `` do you think this will come back to haunt us ? '' 
 asked saron . 
 he had a habit of over thinking things and dwelled in concerns . 
 `` well , well , is someone having second thoughts ? '' 
 genie teased as she shook hands with people in the crowd from her horse . 
 `` i have no regrets , my only concern is that my children inherit the fruits of my labor , '' saron said . 
 `` worry not my friend . 
 this is only temporary , '' auron promised . 
 he always seemed to have a backup plan and his band members relied on him to do so . 
 `` what makes you say that , auron ? '' 
 genie asked . 
 `` one day , we will have more than enough money and we will be able to retire , '' auron answered . 
 auron looked up at the sky as he thought of his future plans . 
 gazing over the row of houses , he saw someone standing on the rooftops staring right down at him . 
 the person on the rooftop was wearing a white mask that only had one hole for the left eye . 
 the person 's black cloak billowed in the wind and their clothes were black as well . 
 the person 's head was covered by a tight hood . 
 auron squinted and saw the stranger on the rooftop . 
 he felt his heart heavy and he could not look away . 
 `` sir auron , what is it ? '' 
 genie asked and followed auron 's eyes in the direction he stared . 
 she saw it as well and began to feel the same way . 
 it was like staring at a shadow that had come to life . 
 no . 
 like a fiend in the day light walking among people in the city . 
 `` what is that ? '' 
 genie asked , still holding the flag of the band . 
 she now had her attention at the strange masked figure on the rooftop . 
 saron and edd looked as well . 
 it was a frightening sight and they did not know if they should call to get its attention , or ignore it and be on their way . 
 there was definitely something demanding of it . 
 like an animal instinct telling you to attack or hide . 
 the person on the rooftop jumped to the other side of the street . 
 jumped or glided . 
 it did not look natural . 
 the crowd gasped in awe as the masked person landed on a wooden board of one of the houses . 
 everyone in the narrow street gazed and the band of the fox gripped their weapons , ready to draw . 
 the person in black seemed hostile looking down from above . 
 the white mask 's enigma made it difficult to judge but it seemed the he or she did not want to be a part of the crowd . 
 the wind blew and the person 's cloak billowed revealing the body . 
 the figure that the black clothing defined was that of a woman . 
 she was slender , had a curved waist and a chest that could mesmerize a man . 
 `` it 's a fiend , '' people chanted . 
 `` no . 
 it looks like a woman , '' someone said in the crowd . 
 `` it looks sinister , '' they continued to chant . 
 `` could it be a fiend from necrovania ? '' 
 `` what have the gods summoned upon us ? '' 
 they whispered . 
 `` everyone prepare yourself ? '' 
 auron alarmed his band as he gripped the hilt of his sword , drawing a foot of steel . 
 `` do you know who that is , sir ? '' 
 edd asked , spinning his axe . 
 `` not a clue , but it does not look friendly , '' auron replied . 
 `` are you afraid ? '' 
 the white mask stranger finally spoke . 
 judging from the voice , it sounded like a woman . 
 her voice was deep , feminine and seductive , like that of a young woman , but icy . 
 `` are you afraid , band of the fox ? '' 
 she repeated . 
 the crowd began to evacuate apprehensively . 
 some people stayed but moved away from the band of the fox . 
 the narrow streets began to clear and become more spacious . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 auron asked . 
 the stranger jumped off the wooden board from above the house . 
 she fell and just before her feet touched the ground , gravity seemed to favor her . 
 she hovered for a few seconds and her feet slowly touched the ground , gently like a feather . 
 air magic , auron thought . 
 he knew some spells of the air element and had a good understanding of how it works . 
 the stranger stepped forward confidently staring at auron through the triangle hole in her mask for her left eye . 
 `` the famous auron , '' she said . 
 auron jumped off his horse . 
 genie , edd , and saron unmounted their horses as well and followed auron . 
 the red hair man glared at the masked woman . 
 `` is there a problem stranger ? '' 
 auron asked as he rubbed his red mustache . 
 `` not a problem . 
 just wanted to talk with the famous auron fox . 
 it is truly an honor , '' the stranger said and bowed respectfully , spreading her long wide cloak as if it were a gown . 
 `` if you wanted to talk , you could have simply approached us as regular civilians do , '' auron suggested . 
 `` true , '' she stated , `` but would i have gotten your attention ? '' 
 `` with those black garments and that white mask , i think it would stop anyone in their tracks . '' 
 auron crossed his arms . 
 the woman was as tall as he was . 
 there was something very masculine about her , or at least her vibe seemed to challenge him . 
 then edd , genie , and saron , came to face the stranger and stood behind auron as they usually do . 
 `` what is it that you want ? '' 
 genie asked while removing the bands flag from her spear . 
 `` oh , i just wanted to ask for a small favor , '' the stranger said , politely yet creepy . 
 auron chuckled and said , `` you ca n't seriously expect us to do a favor for you unless you are paying us , and i am afraid we are not for hire at the moment . '' 
 `` spar with me , '' said the stranger . 
 auron laughed and the band of the fox as well . 
 it was so hysterical that all she wanted was to spar after such a bizarre entrance . 
 suddenly , the white mask stranger stretched out her right arm with an opened palm . 
 black shadows covered her hands like a cloud of black smoke . 
 something slowly began to extend from the smoke . 
 auron and the band were startled at the sight of the swirling shadows over her hand . 
 the laughing subsided . 
 dark magic , auron thought and quickly drew . 
 `` everyone get ready and step back , '' he commanded . 
 genie , edd , and saron , drew their weapons . 
 the object stretching out of the black smoke was was a thin sword of black steel . 
 it had no guard between the blade and the hilt . 
 the smoke disappeared . 
 the white mask stranger grabbed the blade and swung at auron without hesitation . 
 auron parried the blow and rapidly swung horizontally . 
 the stranger ducked and went for another swing at auron 's face . 
 he parried again and front kicked the stranger forcing her back . 
 genie thrust her spear as the foe was off balance , but the masked woman recovered and quickly cut the top of the spear , removing the blade . 
 the masked woman then used her left hand to cast a spell on genie . 
 she thrust her palm and genie was sent flying backwards with her feet off the ground helplessly . 
 air magic , auron thought . 
 no . 
 it seemed more of a push than an air pulse , like a force of some ghostly unseen nature . 
 auron embedded his saber into the ground and clapped his hands together preparing a spell . 
 he pointed two fingers at the masked woman . 
 voltage chirped from his fingers . 
 his hand suddenly ignited with lightning . 
 he aimed at the woman in black . 
 `` this is what happens when you pick a fight with the band of fox , '' auron said , right before he launched his electrifying spell . 
 the masked woman saw auron 's lightning spell but she did not bother to dodge or move out of its ways and stood there glaring at him , waiting for the attack . 
 the lightning sparked and bolted off auron 's fingers . 
 the masked woman used two fingers as the lightning struck her and was able to absorb the spell with ease . 
 the lightning traveled through her body , from her left arm , chest , and right arm and stopped at her sword . 
 auron 's jaw dropped in amazement at how easy the stranger was able to absorb his lightning . 
 he had never seen an enemy stop his attack in such a way and worst of all , was that the spell took too much maju . 
 not only had he wasted a large amount of magic power , but he felt his maju being drained by the stranger . 
 `` that is not possible , '' he murmured , `` simply unbelievable . 
 no one has ever absorbed my attack . '' 
 `` sorry to disappoint you , auron , but i am lightning proof . '' 
 the masked woman 's power frightened auron . 
 he yanked his sword from the ground and took a few seconds to strategize without making it obvious . 
 abruptly , from the corner of his eyes , he saw edd ramming at the masked woman with his axe . 
 `` edd , you fool ! 
 retreat ! '' 
 auron yelled from the top of his lungs but it was too late . 
 the stranger thrust her palm at edd as she did to genie . 
 edd 's thick muscular body was forced back against his will , flying backwards on the cobbled street . 
 he landed hard and rolled away from the battle . 
 edd was unable to get up . 
 the fall had dislocated his shoulder . 
 auron just stood there stagnant almost shivering . 
 he forced his body to move and retaliate . 
 he dashed slashing the air and casted a spell on her . 
 sharp winds were released from auron 's blade , whistling . 
 the masked woman swiftly dodged and evaded the razor wind . 
 the razor wind continued and slashed the front of a house creating a cross from the door to the second floor window . 
 auron delivered a storm of slashes . 
 the masked woman parried each and every swing and thrust . 
 their blades collision caused sparks . 
 auron grunted with every swing of his sword . 
 if this was a woman despite the body under the black garments , she fought with much masculinity , probably tougher than auron . 
 she stood her ground and wielded her blade as if she had slaughtered thousands of men before . 
 with that level of swords skill , auron knew that she had done more than cover her hands in blood . 
 they clashed blades and pushed each other . 
 they stared down closely . 
 auron tried to strike her with his knee ; she then stepped on his thigh and pushed herself up . 
 she delivered a massive kick to the face , forcing auron to fall back and released their swords . 
 the masked woman was about to cast a spell on auron as he recovered . 
 suddenly , she felt something moving quickly through the air in her direction . 
 without taking her eyes off auron , she caught an arrow with her bare hands just before it struck her heart . 
 saron had shot the arrow . 
 he stood in the middle of the street along side genie who kneeled on the floor . 
 `` i almost forgot about you . 
 you are so short i hardly noticed you , '' said the woman in black . 
 `` do n't underestimate me , '' saron said , pointing an arrow at her . 
 it would be difficult for him to miss being so close to a target . 
 `` do n't underestimate me , boy . 
 go ahead ! '' 
 she snarled . 
 `` go ahead and shoot ! '' 
 she dashed at saron with her feet off the ground , one leg in front of the other and her arms behind her . 
 saron released his arrow . 
 the masked woman shifted into a cloud of black smoke . 
 the arrow went right through her as if she were a ghost . 
 as she reached saron , she swung her black blade at him . 
 saron drew his daggers desperately from his belt and blocked her attack . 
 he kicked her back and she flinched . 
 saron somersaulted , his body flipping backwards . 
 as soon as his feet touched the ground , he hurled two small knives . 
 the masked woman blocked one knife and caught the other . 
 she covered the knife with black smoke as she first did when she summoned her black sword . 
 she slid her thumb over the knife then three more appeared in her hand . 
 `` how ? '' 
 were saron 's only words seeing how she cloned his knife . 
 she hurled the knives . 
 saron was only able to parry one . 
 one knife plunged into his left thigh and the other in his shoulder . 
 saron lost balance and dropped to his knees in pain . 
 `` is not you who i want to fight , '' said the woman in black and dashed back to auron . 
 `` what the hell do you want ? '' 
 auron shouted with rage and lunged at her . 
 they clashed blades again . 
 auron swung harder . 
 the woman was forced to block and parry heavier blows . 
 auron lashed his sword horizontally and she ducked and went for a leg sweep . 
 auron 's foot buried underground using earth magic . 
 the leg sweep failed . 
 auron kicked the woman on the side of her head while low . 
 she took the hit and rolled away on the ground . 
 she stood up showing no sign of pain . 
 `` you are a monster , '' auron growled . 
 `` you have seen nothing yet , '' her deep voice hissed . 
 she spun her black blade clockwise . 
 the black steel bathed on fire . 
 fire , auron thought clenching his teeth . 
 `` afraid of fire ? 
 good . 
 you should be , '' the woman said swirling her flame steel . 
 `` pretty little trick , '' auron mocked running towards her in a zigzag motion , bluffing his next move . 
 the woman slashed diagonally uncertain of his position and auron tilted his body to the side . 
 he aimed at her chest going for the kill with an upper thrust . 
 she guarded with her black sword just over her chest . 
 auron 's saber slid over her blade and as he pressed down , she pushed up . 
 they brought their swords above their heads . 
 auron went for a front kick but the woman turned her body delivering a back kick straight to auron 's stomach . 
 he resisted the kick holding in his breath and lost his balance , staggering back . 
 the masked woman took advantage as auron tried to recover . 
 she began to deliver one slash after another and auron could only guard , parry , and defend . 
 she pushed him back with every blow down the street like two fencers dancing with swords . 
 auron began to lose grip of his sword as he continued to block and defend till finally with a heavy strike from the masked woman , his sword flew out of his hands . 
 he saw as her black blade aimed for his heart while he was disarmed . 
 with a desperate earth spell , auron raised the ground . 
 a wide wall of stone rose from the cobbled street , fast enough to block her sword . 
 auron saw her sword piercing through the wall he had summoned . 
 he sighed in relief . 
 his saber was too far away for him . 
 running to grab it would make him and easy target . 
 he slowly walked backwards without taking his eyes off the woman . 
 she walked around the wide wall of stone , her black sword still on fire . 
 unexpectedly , a ball of fire flew from behind auron . 
 he felt the heat on his neck and flinched at the temperature . 
 the molten fireball descended upon the woman in black . 
 with a fire spell , she backhanded the ball of fire , deflecting it in a different direction . 
 the fire ball exploded on the street floor . 
 fire was like child 's play to her . 
 it was her nature . 
 she could reverse her foe 's spells at will if she wished . 
 `` looks like playtime is over , auron . 
 till we meet again . '' 
 the woman waved her cloak ; it ruffled and then caught on fire and with flames engulfing her body , she disappeared right before auron 's eyes . 
 it was like watching a candle being blown out by the wind . 
 she was gone in an instant . 
 auron could not think of words to describe what had had happen . 
 `` auron ! '' 
 he heard someone yelling from behind him . 
 he turned around . 
 it was oseth with a group of knights . 
 auron assumed oseth had shot the fireball being the only one in the band able to use pyromancy . 
 thank the dragon gods for his arrival . 
 earlier he had ditched the band and fled to the commercial district . 
 from the group of knights behind oseth , a bald man wearing a rich red robe made for royalty , came in to the scene . 
 his horse sprinted as the knights opened a path for him . 
 auron recognized the bald headed man . 
 `` what in odealeous has happened here ? 
 who was that ? '' 
 asked the bald headed man . 
 `` you 're just in time , oseth , '' auron said sarcastically while wiping the sweat from his forehead . 
 `` she just disappeared . '' 
 oseth ran to help his teammates , ignoring auron , trusting that he was fine . 
 auron looked at his old friend that he had not seen in years . 
 `` keenoth , is that you ? '' 
 auron said squinting , seeing but not fully believing whom he saw . 
 the surprise battle with the strange woman left his head vibrating . 
 last time he saw his friend , keenoth had hair on his head and remembered him wearing knight 's armor , but the face was unforgettable . 
 `` long time no see , old friend , '' said the bald man on the horse , smiling at auron . 
 chapter 3 : right hand of the king the bald man jumped off the horse with the help of one of the knights . 
 he seemed to struggle with his belly as if it weighed a ton . 
 the bald man brushed himself off although there was no sign of dust , dirt , or even sweat on him . 
 `` keenoth ? '' 
 auron said to himself , `` good earth , you have changed so much . 
 did you shave your head ? 
 those clothes and ... you have gained weight . '' 
 auron rubbed his ruby mustache trying to compare an image from the past and the one he saw now of his friend . 
 not the man he fully remembered . 
 `` what 's wrong with you ? 
 have you gotten too famous that your memory does not recall old friends clearly ? 
 shame on you , flame headed freak . '' 
 they stared at each other with a smile then burst into laugher and hugged . 
 auron had to bend down a bit ; keenoth was just a few inches shorter than he was . 
 `` what 's with all this ? 
 the rich red robe and knights before you . 
 are you of royalty now ? '' 
 auron asked , gracefully . 
 `` what do you think , flame head ? 
 of course . 
 i worked my way up to the top . 
 from a knight to a captain , and now i am the right hand of the king , '' keenoth said hiding his hands together inside his sleeves . 
 `` absolutely outstanding , '' auron cheered . 
 `` before we update each other . 
 how about if we help your friends first ? '' 
 keenoth suggested . 
 auron looked behind him . 
 oseth carried genie with her arm over his shoulder . 
 edd and saron seemed to be fine . 
 auron almost forgot about his band . 
 looking at his injured band members , he could only think about the woman with the white mask . 
 that fiendish woman . 
 she smelled of omens and her presence lingered , auron does not remember ever being so afraid in battle since the first day he wielded a sword at the age of thirteen . 
 `` so what exactly happened in these streets ? '' 
 keenoth asked . 
 `` a civilian came to us saying that a black ghost was fighting the band of the fox . 
 your friend , oseth , happened to be in the tavern for gentlemen . 
 together we came running , but it seemed we were too late . '' 
 `` a masked stranger in black picked a fight with us , '' auron explained , `` she was strong . 
 her magic was powerful . 
 she was vigorous . 
 not too worry though . 
 as soon as you showed up , she disappeared . 
 my band seems to be fine . '' 
 auron refused to be pitied . 
 `` the stranger behind the white mask was a female . 
 do you know this character ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i do n't recall anyone of your description.there are n't many mages in this country and the few good mages are trained under institutes owned by the king , '' keenoth clarified . 
 he spoke with haste as if to escape the subject . 
 `` come with me , auron . 
 i will take you and the band of the fox to the king . 
 we shall treat your friend 's wounds and feast . 
 i believe you have the prince 's treasure from the mission ? '' 
 keenoth presumed . 
 `` yes , that 's right . '' 
 auron suddenly remembered the pendant and for a second , he thought he had dropped it when he was fighting the white masked woman . 
 it was hanging from his neck , under his armor . 
 he removed it and gave it to keenoth . 
 the bald man took it and hid it inside his robe 's pocket . 
 ********** hours later , auron and his old friend walked on the long road of the city that led to the castle . 
 watching the colossal and beautiful architecture of the castle was mesmerizing enough to make oseth trip on plain ground . 
 the three towers of the castle connected to the center edifice . 
 each tower had a statue of the four brothers that found the country of burnahdujf and turned it into the richest country in the world -lrb- according to their history -rrb- . 
 they walked on the beautifully made path . 
 the left and right side of the road were aligned with trees and statues of previous kings and well known historical warriors . 
 the knights walked in front , while the band of the fox and keenoth walked behind . 
 keenoth and auron conversed while the band whispered and murmured . 
 saron was unable to walk due to his leg injury so edd carried him . 
 oseth was upset he did not get to fight this stranger everyone kept blabbing about . 
 `` damn it ! '' 
 oseth cursed . 
 `` i should have not left by my self . 
 i would have killed that masked freak . '' 
 `` i doubt it , '' saron said , `` you would have lost too . '' 
 `` oh yeah , and why is that ? '' 
 oseth raised his fist to challenge saron . 
 `` she was powerful . 
 i 've never seen anyone who fought like her in my life , '' genie answered . 
 she was fearful for the first time in years being the bold girl that she is . 
 `` did you say ` she ' ? '' 
 oseth chuckled with that typical cocky and arrogant attitude of his . 
 `` you all lost to a female . 
 oh , this is great . 
 let 's put that on the band of the fox 's record after three years of hard work . 
 i wonder if anyone knows about it already . '' 
 genie smacked oseth with her broken spear . 
 `` watch what you say . '' 
 `` you can hit me all you want , but i would have taken this woman down , '' oseth said , crossing his arms almost embarrassed to hear that his group had lost . 
 `` she is right , oseth , '' edd added . 
 he suddenly stopped as if a deep thought captured his mind . 
 edd stared down at the ground , frowning . 
 `` no man and especially no woman has ever been able to take me down like that . 
 not even with magic . 
 i am embarrass to have lost so easily , yet the foe 's strength did not seem to be on our human level . 
 i fear she might return again before we are prepared . '' 
 `` unless you are talking about an elf , this woman can be defeated , '' oseth argued , `` i refuse to believe the strength of this broad . '' 
 genie grasped oseth 's shoulder gently as if to relax him . 
 `` you do n't understand , '' she said as they continued to walk getting closer to the castle . 
 `` she used some unusual magic . 
 none of us stood a chance , not even auron . '' 
 `` auron ? 
 there is no way she stood a chance against auron . 
 he never lost a battle . 
 i will go and ask him myself . '' 
 oseth ran and reached auron as the red head chatted with keenoth . 
 oseth refused to believe that he or his teammates could lose . 
 he was too stubborn to admit defeat even when he was not part of the battle . 
 he was always focused on winning . 
 for as long as he could remember , he never lost a battle until he met auron , which is why he joined the band of the fox . 
 `` god , he is so annoyingly stubborn and competitive . 
 he ca n't get it through his thick head that losing is a possibility , '' genie grumbled . 
 `` yes , well that is why we recruited him , '' edd said . 
 oseth was a great asset to the band and edd understood regardless of his stubbornness . 
 `` sir auron ! '' 
 oseth interrupted auron as he chatted with keenoth . 
 the two older men looked over their shoulders at oseth with narrow eyes almost upset . 
 `` try saying excuse me next time , oseth , '' auron responded . 
 `` sorry , sir , but i have something important to ask , '' oseth said politely . 
 auron was one of the few men in his life that oseth had high respect for . 
 `` is it true that you lost to the woman in black back in the city streets ? '' 
 both auron and keenoth stopped . 
 keenoth pulled his horse by the reins and turned to oseth . 
 auron frowned and asked . 
 `` why do you ask ? '' 
 `` why do i ask , sir ? 
 because i do n't believe that you would lose to anyone , sir . 
 at least not that easily . '' 
 there was a hint of anger in oseth 's voice . 
 `` everyone in this world is bound to lose at least once . 
 it does not matter how powerful a man is . 
 one day you will meet your match . 
 i guess my time came sooner than i expected . 
 i am just as disappointed as you , but see it as a learning experience . '' 
 no words came out of oseth 's mouth . 
 he just stared at auron with such hostile eyes . 
 `` is there something wrong ? '' 
 auron asked suspiciously and raised an eyebrow . 
 `` no . 
 let 's just hurry and collect our reward so that i can be done with this . '' 
 oseth turned his back on auron and walked back to his friends . 
 `` a feisty one you have there , auron . '' 
 keenoth teased pulling the horse 's reins . 
 `` yes , it appears i just continue to make more and more rivals wherever i go . '' 
 auron continued walking towards the castle . 
 he attracted many powerhouses . 
 people of power were drawn to him as if it were a curse . 
 a curse he thought to be of benefit but something that he would soon need to end if he were to ever to truly rest . 
 `` how do you usually sign up for missions with the king , auron ? '' 
 keenoth asked , `` i never saw you inside the castle . '' 
 `` messenger hawks or delivery men . 
 the king and i communicate in a private manner . 
 i am not sure how my fame came to be . 
 i do n't visit the castle much , '' auron answered as he stared at the great entrance of the castle . 
 `` anyone who works for the king becomes well known regardless of how private one tends to be . 
 i heard whispers involving your name many times , in and out of the castle walls . 
 even i speak of you sometimes out in the streets to get some attention . 
 tell everyone of how auron was a good friend of mine . 
 auron fox , the red hair man who hunted creatures in the forest and captured the most feared criminals known in burnahdujf . 
 auron fox who fought in wars to defend burnahdujf from the southern country . 
 can you really blame people for talking ? '' 
 keenoth praised auron , but the red hair man did not enjoy the attention much . 
 he showed no sign of pride for the work he had done , and his motives were unknown . 
 `` i did it all with the help of my band of course . 
 i would not have done it without them . '' 
 auron disliked taking all the honor . 
 although he completed most of his mission 's objectives , he never forgot about his friends . 
 `` it is difficult being a foreigner . 
 i know that i get the most attention because of the way i look . 
 it is not fair , yet true . '' 
 `` where is it that you are from , auron ? '' 
 keenoth asked , feeling forgetful of his friend 's ethnic background . 
 `` i do n't remember . 
 all i remember is that i came to this country at the age of thirteen . 
 my home memories are blurry . '' 
 auron spoke with haste as if to escape the question . 
 he did not enjoy thinking of his past . 
 `` and what does the right hand of the king do every day , besides stroking the king 's pole ? '' 
 auron teased keenoth trying to wit his way out of the previous subject . 
 `` still with that random wit of yours , '' keenoth said and they both laughed . 
 ********* they continued over a bridge that welcomed them with two winged mermaid statues . 
 it became a long walk just to see royalty , but that was only the garden . 
 after the luxurious odd bridge came the entrance to the center tower of the castle . 
 as the band of the fox entered , the knights went their separate way to the end of the halls , leaving them with keenoth . 
 the bald man jumped off his horse and gave it to one his knights before he ran off to do his duties . 
 it was a wonderful hallway with plenty of colors to feast the eyes . 
 auron had been here before but it was the first time for the band of the fox . 
 they gazed in awe at the decorations on the walls and the chandeliers that hanged from the ceiling . 
 heads of animals were nailed to a wooden board . 
 a red carpet stretched all the way to the stairs at the end of the long hallway . 
 statues of winged children held torches on pillars . 
 `` how come you never took us inside the castle , sir auron ? '' 
 oseth asked in awe at the beauty of the hallway . 
 `` me and the king work together from a distance . 
 it saves time and i find the castle walk too long sometimes just to see his majesty , '' auron answered , but oseth knew there was something else that was being kept silent . 
 `` now everyone , follow me to the king 's chamber . 
 please do not touch anything . '' 
 keenoth said gesturing at the stairs . 
 they went up two floors but it seemed endless at first . 
 on the second floor , they had stopped at the healer 's chamber and left saron , edd and genie to the healers of the castle . 
 auron and oseth went up the stairs with keenoth . 
 on the third floor , they pushed a large door . 
 when the door opened , a red carpet of complex floral designs stretched all the way to the king 's throne . 
 there , the king sat with a woman auron did not recognize and a young boy by his side . 
 the king conversed and drank wine with some gentlemen in armor . 
 some were in robes of royalty and others in foreign clothing . 
 auron did not recognized the man sitting on the throne . 
 there appeared to be a queen now , and by the looks of it , the boy sitting next to the king was the prince , or so auron guessed . 
 `` what happened to king sargf ? 
 who is that man on the throne ? '' 
 auron asked with much suspicion . 
 was he gone for so long that many things had changed quickly ? 
 `` careful with what you say . 
 he is the new king of burnahdujf . 
 his name is richard sainos , '' keenoth told auron . 
 `` richard ? 
 you mean sargf 's son . 
 he is taking the throne ! 
 what happened to sargf ? '' 
 auron could have thrown more questions at keenoth but he held them in for much later . 
 something reeked with all this change and did not fit the puzzle piece . 
 `` sargf died of an illness ? '' 
 keenoth answered . 
 `` an illness ? 
 sargf had no illness . 
 someone would have told me much sooner . 
 sargf and i were close . 
 when did this happen ? '' 
 auron continued to hurl questions at keenoth anxiously . 
 he usually remained calm around people of royalty . 
 auron knew better than to lose control of himself . 
 `` king sargf died a few days ago . 
 we decided to keep it quiet until the crowning of the new king , '' keenoth informed . 
 `` but why ? '' 
 oseth suddenly entered the conversation , awkwardly . 
 auron grunted at him , he almost forgot oseth was there next to him . 
 `` because sargf asked us to . 
 i guess he thought the people would go out of control knowing that the king had passed away . 
 however , if a new king would immediately take the throne then the gap in the law would be avoided and no one would take advantage of it . '' 
 a short silence allowed auron to think for a while . 
 it made sense but it bothered him that sargf did not tell him about his illness . 
 auron set his left hand on keenoth 's shoulder like a brother to another and whispered . 
 `` this reeks with a strong vile smell , keenoth . 
 this country is going to be in some abyss if richard takes the throne . 
 i know sargf 's son well enough . '' 
 `` yes , that is why i am his right hand . 
 i will do the best i can to prevent him from causing any catastrophe . 
 however , it is in his family blood and nature to have such ambitions and lust for control and power . 
 the sainos dynasty runs the country . 
 what can we do but obey or struggle our way to the top for more freedom ? '' 
 keenoth lectured , almost sad for having a new king whom he did not favor either . 
 `` sargf was a kind man . 
 not like the other sainos that i have met . 
 well then ... let it all fall to the underworld . '' 
 auron brushed off the conversation . 
 the three men walked up to the king 's throne on the red carpet . 
 as the gentlemen in the throne room noticed keenoth 's arrival , they kindly cleared a path for him , auron and oseth . 
 `` good day , keenoth , '' a man said removing his hat . 
 `` right hand of the king and auron fox . 
 how are you today ? '' 
 another man greeted as they passed . 
 king richard laughed as he conversed with a foreigner while drinking wine . 
 when he found keenoth at the corner of his eyes alongside auron , he dismissed the foreigner and gestured at keenoth to come forward . 
 the three men stood before king richard and kneeled down . 
 keenoth had to pull auron down before he made eye contact with richard . 
 he would not allow anything to hinder the situation . 
 `` keenoth , thank you for bringing mercenary fox , '' richard kindly said , `` now without hesitation , sir auron fox , i would like you to hand over the pendant my father requested . '' 
 auron removed the necklace from around his neck . 
 without taking his eyes off the floor , he extended an arm and the pendant hanged from his fingertips . 
 he did want to see the look on richard 's face . 
 `` thank you for your hard work , sir auron fox . '' 
 `` please , call me auron . '' 
 `` i will address you as my father did . 
 accept your king 's kindness mercenary , for i am not in a good mood , '' the king replied . 
 `` forgive me , my king . 
 i was unable to determine your foul mood by the way you laughed , drank wine and feasted with these fine gentlemen . '' 
 auron 's verbal retaliation infuriated the king . 
 he did not need to look up . 
 he could sense richard 's anger radiating and held in his laughter . 
 `` why is he talking to you like that , papa ? '' 
 richard 's son asked , sitting by his left . 
 `` he does not know better my son , '' richard explained . 
 `` mercenary fox . 
 i expect more respect from you as a man who was close to my father . '' 
 `` respect ? '' 
 auron looked up at the king still kneeling , but wishing he could slap the bastard . 
 `` perhaps you should study the word ` respect ' before using it . 
 you throw a party after your father 's death and then have the nerve to say that you are in a bad mood . 
 this is not the behavior of a sad man , but rather a poorly planned out fiction of sargf 's death . '' 
 the king stood up from his chair with rage in his eyes , breathing heavily now . 
 he looked at auron 's face as if the man was a nightmare . 
 he could never come to friendly terms with auron even when his father was alive . 
 perhaps this was the perfect time to take his anger out . 
 `` do you want to lose your head , foreigner ? '' 
 richard threatened . 
 `` is what i said not true , your majesty ? '' 
 auron asked with a cocky tone of voice knowing he could not lose the argument . 
 richard set his hands on his back and inhaled furiously . 
 `` you do not believe that i loved my father ? 
 do you not think i grieve the death of my father ? '' 
 `` i am simply saying that your behavior and the vibe in this room do not reflect your grief and pain for your father you so claim to love . '' 
 auron continued to taunt the king and gave him no hiding space . 
 he was so keen to these situations that it was like clairvoyance for a shaman . 
 `` auron ! '' 
 keenoth shouted gritting his teeth while he kneeled . 
 `` perhaps you should shut up . '' 
 oseth could only giggle as he listened to the conversation . 
 `` you peasant , '' richard said almost spitting the words . 
 `` you do not know my father the way i do . 
 i should decapitate you for talking to your king this way . 
 you do not know how painful it was to bury my father . 
 what do you care ? 
 all you wanted was his money . 
 everyone knows you are only in it for the money . 
 that is what mercenaries do . 
 they kill and profit . 
 you know nothing about family love and you know nothing about me . '' 
 richards 's eyes watered . 
 he said it as if he had been holding it in for a long time . 
 as if weights had been removed from his back . 
 `` i think i am done here . 
 i would like to collect my reward now , please , '' auron suddenly switched from hostile to polite . 
 keenoth just stared at auron in awe for having opened his mouth to the king in such a way . 
 everyone in the throne room became silent . 
 some gentlemen began to walk out of the room . 
 finally , keenoth stood up and spoke . 
 he was a nervous but he knew he had to break the bickering between the two men . 
 `` please , your majesty , forgive auron for he is acting foolish and is just as upset as you and your father . '' 
 the king sat back down on his throne and wiped the tears in his eyes . 
 the queen used a piece of blue cloth to wipe the king 's tears . 
 it seemed like he used a lot of energy to express his anger . 
 no other person he met in his life ever infuriated him like auron . 
 he knew the red hair man was wiser than he was and just that alone enraged him . 
 `` that mouth of yours , auron . 
 you better control it because one day it will be the cause of your death . 
 you are lucky this is my first day as king , for i am not allowed to pass judgment yet . 
 you will no longer be employed by the king , '' richard told auron . 
 `` i was never employed by you but your father , sargf , a true king . 
 i do n't need the agency of the castle . '' 
 auron stood up refusing to give any bit of respect . 
 `` collect your money and get out of here . 
 next time , you will not walk away unpunished . '' 
 `` very frightening your majesty , but just one more question . 
 how exactly did sargf die and why was i not notified of his illness ? '' 
 auron asked , already having some clues of the truth . 
 `` something was wrong with his heart . 
 we found out about it recently . 
 it happened too fast . 
 no one in the castle had any time to find a cure before he died . 
 i guess that proves how much my father trusted you . 
 i guess you were the last person on his mind when he became ill . 
 why call someone who only cares about your money ? '' 
 king richard answered . 
 he refused to back down from the argument till he won . 
 `` this battle is yours , king richard . 
 i am still not convinced that your father 's life was taken by a sudden illness . 
 there is something else going on here and it looks like i no longer have business in this castle . '' 
 auron crossed his arms and shut his mouth . 
 he was blunt , the one virtue people loved and hated about him . 
 a knight came to auron carrying a small chest . 
 auron took it from the knight 's arms and carried it on his forearm . 
 he flipped the top open . 
 it was filled with gold coins . 
 he loved seeing it shine . 
 it kept him motivated and his time worthwhile . 
 he then closed the chest and turned away from the king . 
 `` we are done here , oseth . 
 let 's go '' `` yes sir , '' oseth answered , cheerfully . 
 auron and oseth hasted to the exit of the throne room and just as auron stepped out , he heard the king shout , `` auron ! '' 
 the mercenary turned around yet eager to leave . 
 `` do n't show your face in this castle again and do n't even bother attending my father 's funeral . '' 
 `` do n't worry your majesty ; i have better things to do than to be around a herd of liars . '' 
 auron gave one last insult and stormed out of the castle . 
 he was excited finally to head home to his wife and daughter . 
 chapter 4 : parteh famo several days later , after collecting their reward from the king , they were in the far east of the country . 
 there were almost no villages in those areas . 
 the king never bothered to expand to this side of the country for unknown reasons . 
 travelers would walk for days without finding shelter except for nature itself . 
 the band of the fox was aware of that and had chosen their home area wisely . 
 the east was used for farming and agricultural purposes . 
 herding farm animals and growing fruit trees . 
 many fields of rice covered hundreds of acres of land . 
 auron knew the king would never build cities on this side of the country . 
 years ago , he had taken advantage of that simple knowledge . 
 it is why he associated himself with so many people in royalty . 
 otherwise , he could not make such calculated plans . 
 the agricultural fields seemed to never end looking at the horizon , but when dawn came , they reached the woods . 
 the woods that so many feared . 
 rumors spread about those who entered the woods of the far east and never came back . 
 warriors and other mercenaries would get hired and hunt these woods . 
 no one would hear from them again . 
 some say these woods were haunted . 
 some evil guardian spirit prevented humans from ever leaving the woods . 
 auron loved those rumors , the tales and fictions people all over burnahdujf had created about these woods . 
 it meant safety for auron . 
 `` people fear what they do not know . 
 these woods are safe if you use the right magic , '' auron would say . 
 he was always well informed and was always a step ahead , which is why many followed him and looked up to him as a leader . 
 into the woods , they went with their horses . 
 fearless they were , unlike others who had fallen . 
 they entered in a line , one horse behind the other . 
 the five mercenaries kept close to each other . 
 one team member watching the other 's back . 
 genie used illumancy , divine magic . 
 a white aura covered them and their horses . 
 it looked like a clear shell that orbited every band member . 
 it was warm and it made them feel safe like having shelter during a storm . 
 every malicious creature that lurked in the woods glared at them and were repelled by the shell . 
 hisses and growls came from behind trees , bushes , and tall grass.spirits that escaped the realm of limbo would be sent to rest just by coming in contact with the white aura . 
 `` for some reason , i can never get use to crossing this place , '' oseth confessed . 
 `` why is that ? '' 
 saron asked , looking over his shoulder . 
 `` i would feel much safer if i learned that spell , '' oseth replied . 
 `` good thing we have genie and sir auron then , '' saron smiled . 
 `` ca n't be that hard to learn is it ? '' 
 oseth wondered . 
 `` it can be , but did n't you say that illumancy was for woman ? '' 
 saron teased . 
 `` you are right . 
 i prefer pyromancy , '' oseth was the only one who knew fire magic in the band . 
 he would bother auron for his failure with the arts of fire . 
 `` you two should stay silent or you will make genie lose focus , '' edd suggested . 
 they always chatted , bickered and bantered over foolish things , someone always had to stop them or they could go on for hours . 
 one simple disturbance could make genie lose control and the protective shell around them would vanish . 
 genie had to continue waving her hand as it shined a white light . 
 she waved her hand left and right to keep the spell active . 
 they reached two large trees that looked like the legs of a titan . 
 the trees cast a colossal shadow in which they rested under . 
 the branches of the two trees connected forming a grand entrance . 
 auron jumped off his horse . 
 he stood between the two trees to follow the usual routine every time the band entered the village . 
 the band of the fox could only watch , for only he knew the correct spell . 
 auron set his hands in front of him as if he was touching a wall . 
 he pushed to make sure he touched something solid . 
 he would tap it and it sounded and felt much like glass . 
 he then chanted the words , `` illumnos tega '' . 
 the invisible wall shined a white light and illuminated the woods . 
 they shielded their eyes and genie was forced to deactivate her spell . 
 after a few seconds , the light vanished . 
 auron looked at the space between the two trees and what was in sight was completely different then before . 
 there were no more woods in between the two colossal trees instead a path stretched into a tunnel to their destination . 
 the walls were made of tree branches and at the end there was sunlight . 
 `` we are home everyone , '' auron informed . 
 oseth spurred his horse and the animal neighed and galloped inside the tunnel . 
 `` pleasure working with everyone . 
 till next mission , '' oseth said as he hasted down the tunnel . 
 `` such patience , '' auron said , `` i will notify everyone when i get the information for the next mission . 
 let 's go home . '' 
 auron mounted his horse and they all entered the tunnel . 
 horse shoes echoed in the tunnel as the entrance sealed again with white light and the woods between the two giant trees were visible again . 
 it was a portal to auron 's village that he had been building for so many years . 
 he called it parteh famo village . 
 ********* home at last . 
 they can breathe easier and let down their guard . 
 somehow , the air seemed so much fresher . 
 auron 's mind was always at ease when he entered his village . 
 he would stop for a few minutes and gazed from the plateau that was just before the gate . 
 it was beautiful . 
 houses built with two floors , some were connected to trees . 
 smoke rose from chimneys and campfires . 
 the wooden fences separate the woods from the village . 
 the village spread dozens of acres away in the horizon . 
 it was bitter work but to auron , it was worth every sweat . 
 he had been building this village for a decade now with the help of many men and women . 
 not even those who heard rumors of the village were able to enter . 
 at least not without the correct spell . 
 parteh famo village was built away from society . 
 isolated with its own laws , rules and morals that auron and the founders of the village had made . 
 it was all for peace . 
 the king 's laws and tyranny can never reach parteh famo village . 
 auron knew too much to let the outside world easily raid his home and infest the peace he had created for such a long time . 
 only a few were allowed into the village and those that had the privilege were heavily detected . 
 the population of the village was controlled as well as anything that came in and out for security . 
 however , it seemed to lack a larger warrior class and mage class . 
 auron had focused more on creating peace but nothing went unnoticed as long as he was in charge . 
 `` what are you waiting for , sir auron ? '' 
 edd asked . 
 `` nothing . 
 ahem ! '' 
 auron snapped out of his daydream . 
 they followed the path that sloped down from the plateau and on to the village . 
 the gates were already opened since oseth had rushed in first . 
 the two guards at the top of the gate wall greeted the band of the fox . 
 at the top center of the gate , the sign of the fox was illustrated . 
 the band went through the gates and into the dirt streets of parteh famo village . 
 the band of the fox went their separate ways . 
 genie went to her sisters . 
 auron , saron and edd went to their wife . 
 `` hello there , sir auron , '' the villagers greeted . 
 `` how went the mission , sir auron ? '' 
 asked a man hauling a barrel on his shoulder . 
 `` a success like always , '' auron answered . 
 children ran in the dirt streets in green and brown tunics . 
 the only thing in the world that brought a true smile to his face . 
 watching his people living in peace . 
 it was an everyday miracle . 
 the aroma of roasted meat in the wafted and filled his nostrils . 
 he caught a glimpse of his friends gambling and quickly waved at them . 
 his next door neighbors hauled a pig for dinner . 
 auron 's horse galloped down the dirt street , and at the end of an intersection stood the chief . 
 an old man with a cap that made his head look like an egg . 
 he had a pipe in his mouth and stroked a grey goated beard . 
 the old man waved . 
 auron stopped his horse right next to the old man . 
 `` hello there , yorin . 
 how is our external business coming along ? '' 
 `` oh , everything under control . 
 we just need some more supplies to expand the village project , '' yorin said , removing his pipe from his wrinkly mouth . 
 `` keep up the good management . 
 we will talk about the supplies tomorrow afternoon . 
 see you later , old man . 
 oh , by the way , take this chest and lock it away with the rest of our wealth . 
 it is the money i earned from our recent mission . '' 
 auron gave the old man the heavy chest full of gold coins . 
 yorin took the chest and chuckled at the wonderful gold coins auron had brought . 
 it was truly a blessing . 
 yorin guarded the wealth of the village and managed the community alongside auron . 
 `` i will lock it away with the rest of our wealth my good man . 
 this will help us build a school and train our people in the mystic arts . '' 
 yorin took the chest , carrying it in his arms , and walked away in a quirky manner . 
 auron turned left on the street . 
 at the end , there was a house that different than the others . 
 it was more decorative and colorful . 
 there was a lovely brunette woman outside of the house hanging clothes on a long string . 
 auron jumped off his horse and tied the reins to the house fence . 
 `` is dinner ready ? '' 
 auron asked the brunette woman . 
 she ignored him and stormed into the house . 
 `` women . 
 out of all things i just do n't fully understand them , '' he grumbled . 
 auron went inside the house and as soon as he opened the door , a little red headed girl came running and hugged his legs . 
 `` papa ! '' 
 she shrieked . 
 auron lifted his daughter and carried her up to his shoulders . 
 the child was so small she fit on his forearm . 
 `` my little fairy , what have you been doing since papa been away . '' 
 `` papa , mama is not feeling so well today , '' said the little girl . 
 `` is she not feeling well or is she angry ? '' 
 auron chuckled . 
 he never took his wife 's anger seriously . 
 `` what did mama make for dinner , hanna ? '' 
 auron asked the child and she squeezed his face playfully . 
 auron tickled , and kissed her cheeks . 
 he rubbed his red mustache on her face and then threw her up in the air . 
 home was the only place auron did not feel like a mercenary or a foreigner . 
 the only place where he was not judged when he walked down the streets . 
 he could be himself without being criticized or discriminated as he had experienced for so long . 
 he heard footsteps coming from the stairs . 
 he saw his wife trudging down the steps and glare at him almost with detest . 
 she was beautiful . 
 she wore a green dress with floral patterns on the breast area with a corset and a little cleavage . 
 she had cherry lips and an hourglass figure that men would die for . 
 like any good rose with thorns , she was difficult . 
 `` any particular reason why you are ignoring me today , lorena ? '' 
 auron asked his wife with a frown . 
 he hated to see his wife angry at him . 
 he knew the reason why she was upset . 
 things had changed over the years with their relationship as auron became more and more busy . 
 `` upstairs now , '' she snarled . 
 `` hanna , why do n't you go outside and play , my dear . '' 
 auron placed his daughter down and the little girl ran outside . 
 he was already feeling the stress of her bickering that was soon to come . 
 he went up the wooden squeaking stairs stretching his arms . 
 he immediately threw himself on the messy bed not caring where his body fell . 
 such a relief to finally lie down , but his ears were n't going to rest yet . 
 lorena walked into the bedroom with her arms cross . 
 auron avoided any eye contact . 
 `` you ca n't even say hello , '' he said pressing the side of his face on the pillow . 
 `` i am sick and tire of your secrets , '' said lorena . 
 `` what secrets ? '' 
 he asked as he rested his eyes , lying down on his belly . 
 `` what secrets ? '' 
 she repeated . 
 `` i am not stupid , auron . 
 you know what i am talking about . 
 leaving without saying a word . 
 going on jobs for the king . 
 all this money you make . 
 this home . 
 it is all really nice , but i only wish to know , what is it exactly that you do outside this village ? 
 you are hardly ever home . 
 why wo n't you tell me ? 
 why wo n't you talk to me ? '' 
 `` we have gone through this before , woman . 
 why do you care so much ? 
 are you not happy with all the things that i have provided for you ? 
 is this the kind of thanks i get , woman ? '' 
 auron never told his wife and he planned on never letting her know . 
 he wanted her to live a life free of pain . 
 he rather take all the pain and blame before his family did . 
 he refused for so many years to tell her that he hunts and kills for profits . 
 a path he had chosen so long ago . 
 since his teen years . 
 it was not just for his wife but also the villagers as well . 
 only the band of the fox and the elites of the village knew where the money came from . 
 this serene life they lived was at the cost of other people 's life . 
 auron chose this path with no regrets . 
 `` do you think i am not thankful ? 
 i never asked where it all came from but now it has been eating me from the inside . 
 that my husband is some kind of criminal outside this village . '' 
 she spoke from the top of her lungs . 
 she almost shed tears . 
 she said it as if she was holding it for the decade that she had been married to auron . 
 `` i even tried asking your friends but they would not tell me either . 
 no one in this village knows what you do . 
 why is that ? 
 why wo n't you speak the truth ? '' 
 `` the truth is that as long as people in this village are happy , they do not need to know what the founders are doing to maintain it . 
 why do you care ? 
 it is men 's work and nothing a woman should know . 
 my work is my work and that is final . 
 do n't ever bring this conversation up again . '' 
 auron turned his face away from lorena having had the same argument before . 
 he felt as if she did not appreciate his hard work . 
 like everything he had done did not matter . 
 `` why ca n't you just let it go and lay down with me ? '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 she snarled . 
 `` i like how we use to be before we had all these things . 
 so many years ago before your secrecy started . 
 i do n't know how i dealt with this for so long . 
 i do n't even know who you truly are anymore . '' 
 `` are you telling me that you prefer the old me . '' 
 auron stood up from the bed to face lorena . 
 `` you want to go back to that miserable life when we had nothing . 
 that miserable life when i use to struggle for the next piece of gold to put food in our bellies . 
 all you do is complain and weep because i do n't spend enough time with you at home . 
 when really you should be grateful for everything you have here . 
 you are not the one out there trying to create a better life . 
 you are not the one out there dealing with ... '' auron suddenly stopped . 
 he feared his tongue would slip and give away information that he would regret . 
 `` deal with what ? '' 
 she asked eager to know his next words . 
 `` deal with what ? 
 what is it that you are dealing with ? 
 tell me . 
 please , auron . 
 let me in . 
 let me see the real you . '' 
 she gently placed her hands on his shoulders and stared deeply into his eyes . 
 `` i just want to be part of your life . 
 you just feel so distant . 
 a wife needs to be close to her husband . 
 a wife needs to know what her husband is doing . '' 
 `` not you or anyone in the village knows . 
 my job is very important . 
 i do n't expect you to understand . '' 
 auron brushed her hands away and threw himself on the bed again . 
 `` if you wo n't listen to me then that is fine . 
 there are plenty of woman in the village who will treat me with more respect . '' 
 lorena took a coffee cup that had been sitting on a small table next to the door and threw it at auron . 
 the cup shattered on auron 's head , he jumped out of the bed pressing his hand on his head from the pain . 
 `` have you gone mad you stupid woman . '' 
 auron grabbed her by her neck and pushed her against the wall . 
 she breathed heavily in fear . 
 never had auron put his hands on his woman in such a violent way . 
 he saw fear in her eyes and immediately realized what he had done . 
 he released her , feeling guilty . 
 `` i am sorry , '' he apologized . 
 lorena began to sob and ran downstairs . 
 `` sorry , but i just ca n't allow you to know . 
 no one can . '' 
 auron said to himself . 
 feeling angry for almost hurting his wife . 
 he had a tantrum and knocked over a pot of flowers . 
 the stress that was getting to him , the stress of having to be perfect all the time while hiding his mercenary life . 
 he was living two lives he could not balance . 
 some things he had no control over and it was better to let them go , but it is not the same letting go of someone you love . 
 he was living his dream but not entirely . 
 there was a part of him that was dying . 
 he thought of quitting his life as a mercenary and trying a different career . 
 his village was still not where he wanted it to be and the founders would agree . 
 they all worked hard to continue building their hidden home . 
 auron felt like quitting soon while he still had a heart , but simultaneously he knew it was not the time . 
 one day he will quit spilling blood for coin and finally rest . 
 everything was near perfect . 
 `` just a few more years , '' he whispered to himself , `` this will all be over soon . '' 
 lorena entered the bedroom again . 
 she was still sobbing . 
 `` the chief is downstairs . '' 
 she sniffed and went back down to the kitchen . 
 `` will i ever get some rest around here ? '' 
 he complained . 
 auron scampered down the stairs and saw that yorin was outside . 
 auron stepped out of his house and closed the door behind . 
 `` is something wrong , chief ? '' 
 `` that is a good question , '' yorin said , blowing smoke from his mouth and nose . 
 he dry coughed from having inhaled too much from his pipe . 
 `` i am not sure if we are in danger or have an ally that i do not know about but there is a man by the well on what appears to be a dragon , '' said the old man . 
 `` a dragon ? '' 
 auron repeated . 
 `` i thought dragons no longer ... '' before he finished his sentence , he thought of the only man in the world he knew that rode on a dragon . 
 `` akielas ? '' 
 he questioned in a daze . 
 `` akielas ? '' 
 repeated the old man wondering what auron spoke of . 
 `` how did he find me ? '' 
 auron questioned again holding his forehead . 
 he looked as if he was about to panic . 
 `` is there something i do n't know about , auron ? 
 do you know this stranger ? '' 
 yorin asked , but auron did not answer . 
 he quickly untied the horse 's reins from the house fence and mounted it . 
 he then stormed down the dirt streets on his horse to the other side of the village where the only well was located . 
 `` your wife is right ! '' 
 yorin yelled , watching auron run off without answering his question . 
 `` you do keep too many secrets . '' 
 auron raced to the other side of the village . 
 a dragon , auron thought as his horse galloped through the village . 
 according to his studies , dragons no longer exist . 
 they had gone extinct . 
 they died so many centuries ago by the toxic of men 's wars and other contaminations . 
 dragons had vanished more than a millennium ago according to historical tomes . 
 such beautiful creatures they were . 
 they decided to leave the human world . 
 some believe they are still in odealeous in some uncharted lands . 
 it was the divine dragon 's luck if anyone found a dragon anywhere in the world . 
 however , auron knew of one man that rode a dragon as if it was a hobby . 
 `` damn that akielas . 
 how did he find this village ? '' 
 auron got a headache just thinking about it . 
 not even on air can anyone simply find the village . 
 its barrier prevented people from seeing it and anyone who tried to enter the territory would be teleported to the other side of the woods . 
 his horse stopped and neighed before getting any closer to the well 's area , frightened by the winged beast . 
 it was a silver dragon . 
 it was a guilty pleasure to say it was beautiful . 
 its dragon scales glinted . 
 its wings spread wide enough to shelter ten villagers . 
 its eyes were a zombified grey color that sent chills down anyone 's spine . 
 on top of the dragon , a man sat on a comfortable saddle like that of a horse . 
 he had long black hair with grey stripes hinting at his age . 
 his cloak was black and he wore chest armor underneath . 
 `` hello there my young pupil , '' said the dragon rider . 
 auron jumped off his horse and slowly approached the man . 
 he still did not believe what was before his eyes . 
 it was his mentor that had raised him . 
 akielas , the man who trained auron under the mystic arts of air , earth and water . 
 the man who taught how to wield a sword . 
 a man that auron had not seen for the last five years . 
 `` you do n't seem so happy to see me , auron ? 
 do n't you miss your old master ? '' 
 the dragon rider asked politely with such a friendly smile . 
 `` how did you find this place , akielas ? '' 
 auron asked . 
 `` is that all you can say after so many years . '' 
 akielas jumped off the dragon 's back . 
 he ran towards auron and gave the red haired man a tight hug . 
 `` oh , it is good to see you again , red head . '' 
 auron did not move or show any facial expression . 
 akielas looked into auron 's eyes and saw a mundane man . 
 `` are you okay auron ? 
 you look lost in the abyss , '' akielas said holding auron by the shoulders , gazing at his face . 
 auron did not look happy to see akielas again . 
 `` oh , i understand . 
 you do not want to see me . 
 i guess i will be leaving then . '' 
 akielas turned his back on auron and walked back to mount his dragon . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 auron barked before his master decided to leave . 
 `` do n't go . 
 i am just overly shocked to see you here . 
 i was not expecting you . '' 
 auron bowed . 
 akielas was one of the few people auron had true respect for . 
 `` i was beginning to think i am not welcome here . 
 does my pupil not remember his master well enough ? '' 
 akielas said , smiling . 
 he seemed to wear that smile with grace , unconditionally . 
 he did not seem like a man who gets easily offended . 
 `` sorry , my good master , but i have been under stress . 
 i am not fully myself today , '' auron apologized which was something he did not usually do . 
 `` oh do not worry , '' akielas cheered , `` i did not come here to cause grief . 
 i came here to see you and this lovely home you have built . 
 i am so proud of you . '' 
 `` please . 
 do not speak to me as if i was child , '' auron demanded . 
 `` you are correct . 
 you are no longer that young man i once trained . 
 look at how much you have grown and changed , '' akielas commented . 
 auron smiled finally . 
 `` i see you have not changed much , still as optimistic as ever . '' 
 the silver dragon next to the well growled . 
 it yawned and then rested its head on its front legs . 
 auron looked at it and remembered the last time he saw it . 
 `` is that an eedahlan ? '' 
 auron asked . 
 `` the dragon ? 
 oh , yes . 
 do n't you remember the day i made a pact with the dragon spirit ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 auron rubbed his red mustache . 
 `` so then , i was right . 
 dragons are extinct after all . 
 that is an eedahlan , a spirit from the limbo . 
 is not a dragon from this world and i can sense divine maju within it . 
 but wait ... how did you know where my village was located ? '' 
 `` oh , well , an old neighbor from where we use to live told me you had moved east . 
 then i heard some rumors about people coming in and out of the dark woods in the east . 
 knowing you , i would think you chose a quiet place with your wife . 
 i decided to look for myself and here i am . 
 i finally found you . 
 that is the wonders that illumancy can do thanks to my dragon . '' 
 it made sense . 
 akielas ' dragon carried the attributes of divine magic , which was excellent for homing people as well as healing and protection . 
 using the right spells , divine magic could track down a person anywhere in the world . 
 it allowed the user to see beyond if the user is spiritual enough . 
 akielas ' silver dragon did the searching for him by following auron 's soul . 
 `` how did you get any essence of my soul ? '' 
 auron asked . 
 `` i kept the wooden sword you played with when you were young . 
 my dragon was able to sense your soul from miles away . 
 i made sure i always had a way to find you . '' 
 akielas was a very wise man . 
 auron inherited his wit . 
 somehow , he had forgotten about his master . 
 auron felt a bit embarrassed to see his master again . 
 he was somewhat nervous that akielas knew of the many things he kept secret . 
 `` well , let 's not just stand here and look at each other 's pretty faces . 
 why do n't we sit down and talk , '' akielas suggested . 
 `` definitely . 
 i 'll have my wife serve you some tea . 
 let 's take a walk to my house . '' 
 auron grabbed his horse by the reins and pulled him towards the streets . 
 `` what about that dragon ? '' 
 auron asked in concern of how villagers would react if they encountered such a creature . 
 `` oh , right , let me dismiss it . '' 
 akielas turned to his dragon and whistled at it . 
 the silver dragon stood up from its sleeping position . 
 akielas raised his right hand pointing to the sky . 
 the silver dragon growled and ascended flapping its wide wings . 
 once it ascended high enough in the air , it flew away into the clouds , vanishing into the view of the sky . 
 `` amazing , '' auron said in awe having watched the dragon take flight . 
 `` i just hope the villagers did not panic . '' 
 `` forgive me . 
 it was not my intention to appear as an intruder to your village , '' akielas apologized . 
 they walked back to auron 's house . 
 a restless day but nothing that auron had not dealt with before . 
 after so many years , he could only ponder , why was his master searching for him ? 
 auron was happy to see him , yet afraid . 
 last time akielas had gone for such a long time and returned from his unknown journey , he took auron out of the country to help him fight in a war with an affiliate . 
 what is akielas planning this time ? 
 ********** at the house , they sat across each other on a round table in the kitchen . 
 lorena served them chamomile tea as auron requested . 
 lorena always changed her attitude when there were visitors . 
 very polite and attentive . 
 `` would you like some more coffee , sir ? '' 
 she would ask and offer sweet treats . 
 she would stall around the kitchen as auron and akielas conversed with open ears , hoping she would hear something of great importance . 
 `` would you like a pillow for your chair , sir akielas ? '' 
 she continued to pamper the guest and would ask , `` more tea , sir ? '' 
 `` no thank you , i have enough , '' akielas answered . 
 the two men laughed at stories about the past and auron 's youth . 
 auron enjoyed small talk and stories of the old days especially at night by the campfire while drinking ale with his friends . 
 the day was still young . 
 birds sang outside , the sun light was as romantic as ever and the atmosphere was tranquil with not much happening in the village . 
 it seemed as though time stood still as they conversed and joked . 
 auron could never outwit akielas for he was a bright man , witty and intelligent . 
 he was everything that resembled a father figure . 
 `` do you remember why i gave you the last name fox ? '' 
 those were the kind of questions akielas would ask auron to get on his hot side . 
 `` no , i do n't recall . 
 i am guessing it was because of my bloody red hair . 
 then again , foxes are not fully red , '' auron tried to answered , recalling his memory , scratching his head and rolling his eyeballs . 
 `` you looked like a fox when you were just a young boy . 
 the red hair and the small eyes . 
 oh those little eyes , they made you look as if you were blinded by the sun all the time . '' 
 akielas laughed . 
 auron sipped on his tea with such annoyance watching his master laugh at his hair . 
 `` is that all you can remember ? '' 
 auron asked with an angry tone . 
 `` oh , loosen up . 
 you need to smile more often , auron , '' akielas advised then sipped on his tea and moaned from the sweet taste . 
 `` mmmm ... your wife makes good tea . 
 it 's no wonder you married her , '' he said . 
 auron stared at his master as if he had smelled something rotten . 
 akielas had not changed since the last time auron saw him . 
 `` i did not marry my wife because of her culinary skills . '' 
 `` oh , then why did you marry her , auron ? '' 
 akielas asked and stared at auron waiting for his response . 
 auron hesitated to answer , since his wife was still in the kitchen doing god knows what . 
 `` let 's not get into that , '' auron said a bit nervous . 
 he then looked back at his wife . 
 `` lorena , would you please leave me and akielas alone in the kitchen ? '' 
 `` sure , '' she replied . 
 auron expected a rude answer from her . 
 he felt lucky until lorena slammed the kitchen door as she exited the house . 
 `` do n't mind her . 
 she is just trying to get some attention , '' auron explained . 
 `` maybe it is just another way of showing you how much she loves you . '' 
 akielas ' optimistic attitude sometimes amazed auron even to this day . 
 the red hair man then stared at akielas with a serious face . 
 `` i have wanted to ask you for such a long time , akielas , '' auron said . 
 `` go ahead , my boy . 
 you can ask me anything you want . '' 
 akielas leaned forward on the table to pay close attention . 
 `` i have been craving to ask . 
 how did you find me on that day ? '' 
 auron asked , hinting at the past . 
 `` on what day ? '' 
 akielas asked , uncertain of what auron spoke of . 
 `` when i first came to this country , all i remember was abandoning my people and escaping to new grounds away from the aggressive culture . 
 i got on a boat and sailed for days . 
 a storm raged as i sailed desperately through the seas . 
 the boat sunk into the sea by a tidal wave . 
 i thought i was going to drown that night and fainted underwater . 
 then when i opened my eyes i woke up on a bed and you were there . 
 what exactly happened ? '' 
 auron held the seriousness on his face . 
 a moment of silence suddenly struck . 
 akielas ' optimism seemed to have vanished . 
 the man stroked his long hair away from his face and fixed it on his shoulders . 
 he looked down at his tea cup but it was empty . 
 he thought he could fill his mouth with a drink or food to stall for time to think . 
 he understood auron 's pain and always tried to appease to it and calm him down . 
 now there seemed to be no escape and he had to speak the truth . 
 `` there comes a time when a man has to listen to his children , '' akielas laughed dodging the question . 
 `` do not try to dodge this conversation . 
 you came here and now it is the perfect time you tell me the truth , '' auron commanded . 
 `` well , then , here it goes , '' akielas crossed his arms and got comfortable on his chair . 
 `` i found you on the west seashore of burnahdujf . 
 it happened during a war with the south country . 
 i saw a boy with ruby red hair on a raft . 
 i assumed you had drifted to this country on a boat . 
 however , i immediately knew where you came from by looking at that red hair of yours . 
 of course you already know what i am talking about . '' 
 `` the amaranth tribe , '' auron said in a low voice . 
 `` yes , the islanders from the west side of the world , '' akielas added , `` i could not allow anyone else to take you for i knew what ran through your blood . 
 i gave you redemption to prevent you from being caught in the corruption of war . 
 then i took you home with me and raised you as if you were my own child . 
 the amaranth tribe 's blood has traits that many would consider an asset to war . 
 i had to get you to safety . 
 i trained you in swordplay and taught you magic so that you can protect yourself . 
 had you been raised by someone else , i feared the worst could happen and yet you turned out to be harmless . '' 
 `` you found me during a war . 
 such an omen . '' 
 auron frowned and thought about those dark days . 
 `` oceamus had allowed me to drift onto this country . 
 i was fortunated to have been found by you . '' 
 he quickly shook off his melancholy . 
 he hated showing signs of weakness especially to his master whom he respected . 
 he drank the last bit of tea and stared back at his master . 
 `` you are fortunate auron , in more ways than one . 
 it must not be easy being famous , is it ? '' 
 akielas teased . 
 `` famous ? 
 what are you talking about ? '' 
 auron asked almost defensive . 
 `` the famous band of the fox . 
 do you think i do n't keep up with the trends ? 
 i know what you have been doing my boy and i have to say i am not very proud . '' 
 `` why are you changing the conversation ? '' 
 auron turned his face . 
 `` i thought i taught you better , my boy . 
 what happened to you ? '' 
 `` do not judge me , sir . 
 you are not all humble yourself , considering the wars you have been involved in . 
 you have no say in my career choice , '' auron argued , `` if it was not for my career as a mercenary , then i would have not been able to create this village and bring my people to safety . '' 
 akielas chuckled at auron 's defensive speech . 
 the red hair man was starting to get annoyed and ready to end the conversation for it was heading in an unpleasant direction . 
 `` i did not come here to judge you , auron . 
 i trust you know what you are doing , '' akielas said also feeling the stress he had created . 
 `` now , let me ask you another question . 
 why have you come here today , my good master ? 
 what are you trying to get me into ? '' 
 auron asked detecting his master 's intentions for he knew there was a purpose to akielas ' visit . 
 `` auron , i came here in hopes that you would join my alliance , '' akielas said without hesitation . 
 `` alliance of what ? '' 
 auron raised an eyebrow at his master 's bizarre invitation . 
 akielas stood up , walked away and gazed outside the window . 
 auron waited for his master to respond . 
 an alliance , auron thought . 
 it sounded like luxury to him . 
 like something of royalty . 
 the word `` alliance , '' he related it to men of kingship . 
 like an organization of rulers or maybe he just had a lack of vocabulary . 
 sounded like an invitation to a secret society . 
 auron knew akielas had secrets of his own . 
 he did not know much about his master even being raised by the man . 
 akielas did not reveal much about himself as auron did to his wife . 
 `` do you know what is happening out in the world , auron ? '' 
 akielas asked gazing out the window . 
 `` nothing that i care for , '' auron replied , already rejecting akielas ' invitation . 
 he somehow knew what akielas spoke of as he recalled memories . 
 he feared it and refused to become part of it . 
 `` there is something lurking out there in the shadows of the world . 
 i can sense it . '' 
 akielas paused for a moment and turned to auron . 
 `` tell me . 
 have you met anyone who was out of the ordinary ? 
 perhaps an odd stranger . 
 have you seen anyone with dark qualities or dark magic ? 
 anyone at all , i must know ? '' 
 dark magic , auron thought to himself , afraid to speak about it . 
 then he remembered the white masked stranger dressed in black that had attacked him in the streets of barinos city . 
 definitely odd and dark . 
 he would never forget that experience . 
 the first battle that truly struck fear into his very core . 
 how did akielas know about it ? 
 or did he ? 
 was he searching for this strange character ? 
 all auron knew was that he did not wish to be involved . 
 there was definitely a pattern to follow yet auron preferred to suspend that thought from his mind . 
 `` sorry master , i can not say that i have met anyone of your description , '' auron lied and his heart began to pound faster and felt the temperature in his body rising . 
 `` why do you ask ? '' 
 akielas hesitated to answer , still staring out the window . 
 `` an old apprentice of mine has somehow learned an ancient magic art . 
 i fear that she lurks somewhere in this country . 
 i felt her maju just a day ago . 
 i was unable to sleep because of her strong maju . 
 then it disappeared . 
 that is when i thought of you . '' 
 akielas then walked around the kitchen as he spoke with his hands on his lower back . 
 `` i thought somehow my two students would one day meet and collide in battle . 
 it felt like a dream but it felt very real . 
 perhaps it is the illumancy spells that i have been learning , giving me these dreams and visions . 
 furthermore , it is only paranoia but i rather prevent or at least prepare you when you do meet this foe . 
 i will ask you once more , auron . 
 have you met anyone with dark magic ? 
 are my visions correct ? '' 
 they glared at each other without blinking . 
 looking into each other 's soul for lies , their bond had broken for a split second . 
 `` no , '' auron said trying to remain a calm as possible but akielas did not accept it . 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 his master asked again . 
 `` what part of ` no ' do you not understand ? '' 
 `` i came here for a reason , auron . 
 i know this dark person very well . 
 she is plotting something on this country and i need your help , '' akielas begged , `` if you want your village to be safe , it is important that i find this foe as soon as possible . 
 she must be stopped . '' 
 `` if i knew anyone in black i would have told you already , '' auron said . 
 then he realized . 
 no . 
 it slipped from his tongue . 
 but how ? 
 why now ? 
 he paused and akielas put a wide grin on his face for he knew he was right from the beginning . 
 auron stood up from his chair almost knocking it down . 
 `` this conversation is over , master . 
 we shall not speak of omens anymore . '' 
 `` auron . 
 i never said anything about a person in black . 
 are you lying to me ? '' 
 akielas had that smile on his face again . 
 `` argh ! 
 what does this have to do to with your alliance ? 
 if there is a dark villain out there then trust me i would have already been on a mission to hunt her down . '' 
 auron tried to push the conversation away but he did not realize that he was hinting out evidence . 
 `` you said ` her ' this time . 
 so you have met her . '' 
 akielas continued to torture his student 's mind . 
 cold , it seemed to auron that his master would attempt to force information out of him . 
 `` fine then ! '' 
 auron barked banging on the table . 
 `` what of it ? 
 what if i did happen to battle this foe you speak of ? 
 you can not change my mind master akielas . 
 whatever group you are trying to form , i do n't care . '' 
 akielas frowned in disappointment . 
 he took a step forward towards auron . 
 `` remember those long journeys i used to go on when you were a boy ? '' 
 `` yes , i remember . 
 you left me alone with some neighbors and you would never tell me where you were going . '' 
 auron grieved for a moment . 
 `` i traveled far to other lands across the ocean , forming an alliance of the most talented swordsmen , warriors and magus that i could find , '' akielas said , `` this alliance will help me battle sinister forces that are yet to show their faces . '' 
 `` well then , sounds like you wo n't need me at all . 
 good luck with that and i think this conversation has gone too far . '' 
 auron interrupted his master . 
 `` i am getting hungry . 
 why do n't we go and get something to eat ? '' 
 `` auron . 
 i sense darkness rising from somewhere . 
 i need to count on someone if catastrophe is to happen . 
 that is why i raised you ... '' `` excuse me ! '' 
 auron 's voice thundered . 
 in that very moment , he had lost respect for his master . 
 `` you raised me for what ? '' 
 a sudden turmoil struck him . 
 like an arrow to the heart . 
 those words had done some damage to him so quickly ; he began to lose his control . 
 those words `` that is why i raised you . '' 
 it shook his sense of self like shivering in the cold . 
 `` this i would love to hear . 
 why did you raise me , master ? 
 say it , '' he barked . 
 `` do n't take this the wrong way , auron . 
 i love you and raised you like my own son . '' 
 akielas tried to persuade . 
 `` your bloodline is rare . 
 i know your strengths . 
 i wanted you to become powerful to help me on my mission . 
 then you grew up and wanted to go your own way . 
 i could not stop you , but i did not give up on you . 
 i know that you were meant to do something much greater . 
 these dark forces ... '' `` enough ! '' 
 auron roared interrupting his master again . 
 `` i will not join your alliance , master akielas . 
 as much as i respect you , i will make an exception this time . 
 i will kick you out of my house if you speak another word about darkness . 
 all i care about is my village and my people . 
 the rest of the world can fall to the underwold for all i care . 
 you are asking me to make it my responsibility to be some guardian to this country . 
 i refuse to follow in your footsteps old man . 
 this is the life i have chosen and the reason why i decided to live away from society . 
 the best way to live is with peace and this village is the only place where i have found that peace . '' 
 they remained silent after auron released all those years of drowning in internal pain . 
 he spoke as if he had held it in for so long . 
 to know the purpose of why his master had raised him was painful . 
 like he was a tool for war yet knowing the truth had set him free somehow . 
 auron cared not about the redemption of men . 
 he only cared about the village that he worked so hard to build . 
 akielas ' mission was not his mission . 
 lorena walked into the kitchen having heard her husband 's yelling . 
 `` is everything steady in here ? '' 
 asked the wife . 
 `` i heard yelling . '' 
 `` no worries , lorena . 
 we were just talking , '' auron said to his wife . 
 `` yes , and i was just about to leave , '' akielas added politely , `` your tea was delicious . 
 thank you very much . 
 it was a pleasure seeing you again , auron . 
 till next time . '' 
 akielas bowed to lorena and auron . 
 he then exited the house from the kitchen . 
 auron breathed much easier now that the pressure was gone . 
 `` what did you do ? '' 
 asked lorena . 
 `` you always do something to scare our guest , you meat head , '' she insulted her husband and then went up the stairs to the bedroom . 
 auron felt tired . 
 he sat down on the chair and rubbed his face with a little shame . 
 he regretted yelling at his master , but he stood by his decision . 
 his only worry now was that master akielas ' conspiracy was correct . 
 chapter 5 : the day of the prince everyone had heard the news . 
 the capital city streets flooded with gossip . 
 it was hard to walk the streets without hearing whispers of the king 's name . 
 it was happening so quickly . 
 the crowning of the new king was today . 
 no one knew who was next for the throne . 
 sargf was the only king from the sainos dynasty that people trusted . 
 every other descendent of the family was hated by their own people . 
 out of a long history of monarchs , sargf won the hearts of the people . 
 he was kind and humble . 
 every decision he made was for the good people of burnahdujf . 
 everyone felt apprehensive knowing that sargf died . 
 who would take the throne in the sainos family that would have similar virtues to king sargf . 
 `` it will not make a difference , '' said barvoch , wandering the streets that day . 
 he decided to come down to the city for the crowning of the new king . 
 he never cared about the kings , for he thought of himself as one . 
 `` i should be king . 
 this country deserves a name such as mine on the throne , '' he said as he walked through the commercial district , listening to whispers and gossip . 
 `` make way ! '' 
 he shouted as he squeezed through a crowd . 
 people ignored him and walked right passed him . 
 it was odd of him to be by himself in the capital city . 
 he was usually with his band of mercenaries . 
 he walked against the crowd as they were all heading to the main avenue of the commercial district to follow the parade . 
 as the crowd ran and swarmed to the parade , barvoch bumped into them and almost got knocked down . 
 he moved to the sidewalk of the street and waited for the crowd to clear . 
 `` why do they care so much ? '' 
 he asked himself . 
 `` a new king or not . 
 we are always at their mercy . 
 it makes no difference unless you have some control . '' 
 once the crowd cleared , he walked to the other side of the street to a tavern . 
 he pushed open the doors . 
 at his entrance , every ugly scarred face bandit , swordsman and gambler looked at him with a rotten eye . 
 barvoch surveyed the tavern , staring back at the rotten faces drinking ale , gambling and chit chatting . 
 `` if it is n't little pretty boy , '' said a toothless man with an eye patch . 
 his voice echoed and made every man in the tavern burst into a laugh . 
 barvoch paid no mind to them for he saw them as rats . 
 barvoch began to pace down the tavern joining the men in their laughter . 
 he then pulled out a knife from his belt and hurled it at the old man who had tried to humiliate him . 
 the knife flew across the tavern tables and plunged into the head of the toothless man and the poor bastard collapsed on the table . 
 the waitress who was to serve him a beer shrieked and dropped the beverages , spilling it over the dirty wooden floor . 
 every other man who was laughing at barvoch remained silent and made no eye contact with the mercenary . 
 they went back to their drinks and gambling game . 
 the waitress ran back to the counter . 
 `` never mock a member of the black tigers . 
 especially their leader . 
 you might end up like that old man . '' 
 barvoch threatened . 
 he went and sat on a stool by the counter of the waitress . 
 to the right side of the counter , a fat man slammed a door open , yelling , `` what 's all this ruckus i hear ! '' 
 `` ah , george ! '' 
 barvoch said in surprise . 
 `` just the man i wanted to see . '' 
 `` are you causing trouble again ? 
 pretty boy , '' george mocked , grabbing a bottle of alcohol from under the counter . 
 `` just came here for a drink . 
 i do not want any trouble , '' barvoch said brushing his long hair to the side . 
 `` do n't think you can bully anyone around because you are a mercenary , '' george said . 
 `` you know me too well , cousin , but you know why i came here . 
 give me the goods and i will leave you alone , '' barvoch bribed . 
 george looked at the waitress that stood by the counter , still nervous after she saw barvoch kill that old man . 
 `` do n't just stand there looking pretty . 
 go to the back and get me the potion , '' george commanded . 
 `` which one , sir ? '' 
 asked the waitress . 
 `` the purple blood potion . '' 
 `` oh ! 
 yes sir . '' 
 the waitress ran to the door on the right . 
 she seemed clumsy and slow . 
 george set two silver cups on the counter and filled them with red wine . 
 they clashed cups and drank . 
 `` so tell me again . 
 why do you want this potion ? '' 
 george asked , sniffing his wine . 
 `` i thought i also paid you to keep quiet , '' barvoch whispered . 
 he always got his way by throwing money around . 
 `` a man of luxury like your self should not be wandering around a place like this , '' george advised , `` at least not by yourself . 
 where is your band of mercenaries ? '' 
 barvoch gulped down the entire cup of wine . 
 his head spun a bit but that never stopped him from drinking . 
 it was an old habit of his to drink before an important mission . 
 he claimed that it helped him concentrate . 
 `` today , i do n't need the band to follow me on this mission . 
 i must do this on my own . 
 your potion is just a small part of it . '' 
 `` still trying to make a big name for your band , i see . 
 well , keep at it and one day you will be as famous as auron fox , '' george said . 
 suddenly , barvoch grabbed his fat cousin by the dirty green tunic and almost pulled him over the counter . 
 `` do n't ever , '' barvoch rasped , gritting his teeth spitting the words on george 's face . 
 `` do n't you ever compare me with that red head . 
 my name will be much bigger than his . 
 i swear it . 
 people will fear the band of the black tigers . '' 
 barvoch pushed george back against the shelves of alcohols . 
 the fat man almost knocked over some bottles , his weight had shaken the wooden shelves . 
 george put a wide grin on his face , chuckling at his cousin 's failure . 
 `` you envy auron . 
 the foreigner who stole your title unintentionally . 
 that is the funny part . 
 i think he should be king . '' 
 `` want to know a little secret ? '' 
 barvoch asked . 
 george leaned over the counter curiously . 
 `` i am all ears , '' the fat man whispered . 
 barvoch elegantly moved the empty silver wine cup in a swirling motion . 
 george poured more wine in the silver cup . 
 barvoch giggled before he spoke , making his cousin inpatient . 
 `` things are about to change . 
 this country is going to be in deep shite once the new king is crowned today . 
 do you know who is going to be taking the throne , george ? '' 
 `` obviously one of sargf 's offspring , '' george guessed rubbing his chin . 
 `` yes , correct , but which one of them ? '' 
 barvoch asked making a game out of the questions . 
 `` everyone knows that only the oldest of the king 's sons can take the throne . '' 
 `` richard sainos is going to be king , '' barvoch whispered as low as he could , hoping no one had heard him . 
 `` no ! 
 how do you know that ? 
 he ca n't , '' george whispered , looking to his left and right and glanced back in paranoia . 
 `` oh , yes he can . 
 he has a wife that is soon to be queen and a son that is soon to be a prince . 
 in fact , his son 's birthday is being celebrated as well along with the crowning of the new king . '' 
 barvoch explained taking a sip of wine . 
 `` if richard takes the throne , this country might as well be part of the realm of the death . 
 many people are going to start migrating south , '' george said as he stared at his wine . 
 `` all of sargf 's children are not married or have any descendants except for richard . 
 that is why the council of the castle accepted him as the next king . 
 they claim he will know how to lead a country because he is the only one that has a family among his siblings . 
 he is a bastard no doubt , and of course , people will hate him like the rest of the sainos . 
 however , this is going to be a greater opportunity for mercenaries . '' 
 there was lust in barvoch 's eyes as he spoke . 
 lust and greed . 
 the man had been waiting for a chance to rise and the timing was perfect . 
 or so he thought . 
 `` the sewers of burnahdujf will be running red , '' george said , `` richard will have the country kissing his feet as he controls the people . 
 underneath it all , there will be more crime as people try to survive . 
 only the rich will prosper as usual . '' 
 `` you are a wise and informed man , my cousin , '' barvoch complimented . 
 `` it runs in the family , '' george said with a grin on his face . 
 `` but let me also tell you this . 
 richard sainos wo n't last very long on the throne and as for auron , well let 's just say that he and richard are not very fond of each other . 
 auron wo n't be trusted as a mercenary for much longer . '' 
 barvoch already tasted victory even from the wine , which he drank ever so pleasurably . 
 `` what is taking that girl so long with my potion ? '' 
 barvoch grumbled , almost forgetting about the goods that he came for . 
 just as the mercenary began to become impatient , the door of the pantry opened from the far right . 
 the waitress walked in holding a glass bottle of purple fluid . 
 `` sorry i took so long sir . 
 i had made a mess trying to find the potion . 
 here you go . '' 
 george snatched the bottle from the young waitress and growled at her . 
 `` clumsy girl , '' george murmured , `` here you go , my good cousin . 
 use it well . '' 
 barvoch took the bottle from george 's chubby hand . 
 he looked at the purple fluid and smiled . 
 he reached into his belt and took out a pouch then dropped ten golden coins on george 's chubby hand . 
 `` thank you , '' barvoch said , `` i always trust your potion making skills , but if it happens to fail , i will come back and cut that fat hand of yours . '' 
 `` you are welcome , my good cousin . 
 george 's magic potions never fail , '' said the fat man . 
 barvoch hid the small potion bottle inside his belt and headed for the exit . 
 `` where are you going now , barvoch ? '' 
 george asked curiously . 
 `` to the parade . 
 it is the prince 's birthday , remember . '' 
 ********* they marched throughout the city . 
 knights in decorative armor with long spears that held flags . 
 the beat that the drummers delivered rhymed with the marching of the knights and guards . 
 in a phalanx , they walked and their stomps echoed loud enough to be heard from acres away . 
 then came the knights on horses . 
 those who were in higher ranks , their feet did not touch the ground as a sign of superiority . 
 their capes were made of luxurious silk and their armor was studded with jewelry for the celebration . 
 they waved to the crowd on the side of the streets , and they were humble . 
 behind the knights on horses came those in an even higher rank . 
 they rode on wagons and waved their swords up in the air . 
 there were dozens of them . 
 these were men and women who were in charge of towns and villages throughout burnahdujf . 
 the network of the sainos dynasty gathered in the capital city every time there was a crowning for a new king . 
 the sainos family kept the country under their control . 
 branches of their family members were chief of villages , towns , and even farms . 
 the sainos name conquered , leaving other wealthy family names second to them . 
 those who had tried to sneak their way into the royal family never succeeded . 
 many had tried to take the throne by marriage and others by deceiving the family . 
 burnahdujf belonged to the sainos name as it has for hundreds of years . 
 women in glorious dresses marched after the knights . 
 their garments were rich red and royal blue . 
 the colors of royalty . 
 they were all beautiful and appealing to the eye . 
 men whistled and shouted at them . 
 the lovely females could only give a flirtatious look to the men , for they were property of the castle . 
 yes , the king kept most of the amazingly beautiful women . 
 those with great beauty did not have much freedom ; the king would take them from families that were unable to pay off their debt and make them servants of the castle . 
 it was only a façade , but most people who watched the parade knew what was happening behind the curtains . 
 the women of royalty danced , ruffling their large dresses . 
 watching their clothes ruffle appealed to the men , for they always liked to see more skin . 
 next came the real dancers who wore less clothes . 
 only a small top covering the breast and rainbow colored garments hanging from the side of their waist that danced with the flow of their bodies . 
 more skin to please the eye of men watching the parade . 
 some knights who patrolled the streets had to punish men trying to touch the half-naked women . 
 `` get back , unless you prefer i stick my blade in your gut , '' a knight threatened . 
 `` hold it ! '' 
 yelled a red hair man in the crowd . 
 he grabbed the civilian and pulled him back into the crowd before the knight could hurt the man . 
 `` you should know better than to anger a knight . '' 
 the red hair man educated the civilian . 
 `` by the dragon gods , i know you . 
 you are that mercenary everyone keeps talking about . 
 auron the red hair mercenary , '' said the civilian . 
 `` yes . 
 now stay off the path of the parade . '' 
 auron pushed the man out of the streets and onto the sidewalk . 
 auron turned to the knight who stood between the parade and crowd . 
 `` i would like to ask a question , '' auron told the knight . 
 `` ask away , sir auron . '' 
 `` i have not seen the prince in the parade yet . 
 is he to show up soon ? '' 
 auron asked . 
 `` i believe you missed it . 
 the prince and the king were the first in line of the parade . 
 if you wish to take a closer look , i recommend you run to the front of the parade . 
 they are heading to the castle where the new king will be crowned . '' 
 the guard pointed down the street in the direction of the castle . 
 `` thank you , my good knight , '' auron said politely and went on his way , following the long line of the parade . 
 he sprinted through the crowd pushing them aside . 
 had he left the village to attend more important matters at the parade ? 
 it was odd for him to be there since he did not care much about the king . 
 ********** the parade moved from the market district to the path of the castle . 
 at the very front , richard sat on a sedan chair being carried by four men . 
 he was safe from the rays of the sun . 
 he ate bitter grapes and apples and drank wine as his men carried his seat to the crowning area . 
 to his right side was the prince , and to his left was his wife , the queen . 
 his son and wife sat on sedan chair as well . 
 those who were higher in royalty , their feet must not touch the ground . 
 `` what is wrong , sarugie ? 
 you do n't look well , '' richard asked his son over to the right . 
 `` father , my stomach hurts . 
 i think i am sick , '' said sarugie . 
 `` do n't listen to him , '' suggested the queen . 
 `` he is just hungry . 
 the boy has never missed a meal or been outside the castle . '' 
 `` but , mother , '' sarugie whined . 
 `` do n't worry , my love . 
 you are not sick . 
 you have never experienced an empty stomach . 
 my servants will get you something to eat once we get to the castle . '' 
 the prince held his stomach tightly . 
 he was still young and richard saw him as too defenseless , but he was too lazy himself to teach anything to his child . 
 he was too busy thinking of the war with the south . 
 the sainos family wanted to conquer the south country for centuries . 
 richard intended to carry on that legacy . 
 prince sarugie knew nothing about warfare . 
 now that he was going to be thirteen , his father told him that he was going to start teaching him the ways of the king so that he can one day take the throne . 
 little sarugie did not want to learn such dreadful things . 
 he was even terrified of looking at the crowd from below him . 
 he saw children who seemed to be his age in the streets . 
 they waved at him but he ignored them and turned his face . 
 he feared knowing about the people his father called commoners . 
 he only felt safe in the arms of his mother and anywhere in the castle . 
 `` mother , how far are we from the castle ? '' 
 sarugie asked . 
 `` do n't worry , my dear . 
 is not too far . 
 just look ahead . '' 
 the queen pointed at the horizon , and beyond the city streets was the path that led to the castle . 
 before the great gate and the mermaid bridge , there was a stage with wooden stairs . 
 keenoth stood on a platform next to the throne holding the crown . 
 six chivalrous knights stood behind the throne waiting for richard . 
 the council of the castle sat on chairs that were on pedestals with a pair of stairs . 
 there were four elders in the council . 
 wise elderly who helped the king make decisions . 
 finally , the parade stopped before the stage . 
 the four men carrying richard 's sedan , lowered him . 
 richard stood up from his seat and went up the stairs to the stage . 
 he was anxious to finally receive the title . 
 he held in a huge grin and joy . 
 he knew that today he would begin to make his dreams come true and carry on the legacy of the sainos name beyond the country . 
 two knights guided the queen and the prince to their seats . 
 richard walked up another pair of stairs , bringing him up to the platform of the throne . 
 he sat brushing the lower part of his robe to the side and stared at the long line of the parade and crowd that stretched for miles . 
 he took a deep breath , almost nervous . 
 he beckoned keenoth and the bald man lowered his head closer to the king 's face . 
 `` tell the council to begin their speech and let 's get this over with , '' richard whispered in keenoth 's ear . 
 `` as you wish , my lord . '' 
 keenoth turned to one of the members of the council and gestured at the elder . 
 the elder stood up from his seat and walked down the pair of stairs that guided him down . 
 he walked to the front of the throne and kneeled down to richard . 
 then the elder turned to the crowd and began his speech . 
 `` this country was found by four honorable men . 
 for so long these four brothers defended their country against the south and countries from beyond the sea trying to conquer our good lands . 
 when they fought on land , terramus , the earth dragon god , blessed them and gave them the advantage over the enemy . 
 when they fought on waters , oceamus , the water dragon god , summoned waves on the enemy and blessed the four brother 's army . 
 we stand here today because our four fathers that found this country never gave up . 
 we stand here today because four men decided they wanted to have their own nation . 
 we stand here today my brothers and sisters because of those four brothers who branded the name , ` sainos , ' five centuries ago , raised flags on these lands and declared it theirs . 
 the nation that the south as well as those beyond the sea have come to fear . 
 this ! 
 is ! 
 burnahdujf ! 
 the north empire ! '' 
 the crowd thundered . 
 they shouted and screamed after the elder yelled the country 's name . 
 `` north empire ! 
 north empire ! 
 north empire ! '' 
 they shouted , screamed and stomped . 
 their voices could be heard throughout the city . 
 the elder gestured to signal the crowd to settle down . 
 the shouts subsided after a few seconds and the elder continued . 
 `` as you might all know , king sargf has left this world and moved on to the realm of light . 
 may the earth and water dragon bless his name and give strength and wisdom to his son , richard . '' 
 the elder gestured at richard and the crowd applauded . 
 keenoth listened to the sound of their clapping then looked away . 
 he knew that the people were not there for the new king . 
 every time a new king took the throne , the castle always celebrated with a parade , and gave away free goods to the people and they would tell them . 
 `` it is a gift from your new king . '' 
 keenoth knew it was a façade and that the people were afraid and simply went with the flow . 
 `` the legacy carries on , '' the elder continued his speech . 
 `` since the genesis of burnahdujf , the sainos family continued to rule and make this country prosperous . '' 
 the crowd gave another shout and thundered . 
 `` north empire ! '' 
 they continued to shout as the elder went back to his seat on the pedestal . 
 then another member of the council stood up from her chair and descended the pair of stairs . 
 she made her way to the front of the throne and kneeled down to richard . 
 she then turned to the crowd with poise . 
 `` the time has come , '' she said with a strident voice , `` the south country has hindered us for far too long . 
 king richard already has a plan for conquest . 
 once the south country belongs to us , there will be peace once again and the nightmare with the south shall end . '' 
 `` north empire ! 
 north empire ! '' 
 the crowd shouted and stomped louder with a proud roar . 
 it was the word ` peace ' that struck them , keenoth thought as he listened to the female councilor . 
 `` the south country will kneel before us if they refuse to call truce . 
 we never declared war against the south . 
 they invaded us and have even captured our soldiers in battle and turned them into slaves . 
 is war the solution ? 
 is war the only way to acquire peace ? 
 the answer is far from my grasp . 
 however , would you rather be killed and allow them to take what is yours , or will you fight and conquer them first ? '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 they shouted . 
 `` we wo n't lose ! '' 
 they said . 
 `` take them down ! '' 
 they screamed . 
 as the noise of the crowd rose , the elderly woman raised her arms and glanced over her shoulder at the king . 
 she turned her head back to the crowd and gestured , with both hands , signaling them to settle down . 
 `` let richard carry on the mission that sargf had for this country . 
 and now , let us crown our new king who will lead us to victory , peace , and a more powerful country . '' 
 the elderly woman turned to the king , gave a curtsy , and walked back to her seat on the pedestal . 
 everyone in the crowd stayed silent . 
 only whispers , murmurs and footsteps were heard . 
 they waited and watched the crowning of the king who claimed to soon win the war with the south and finally have peace on both sides . 
 keenoth , the right hand of the king , stood next to richard . 
 he slowly took the crown and placed it over richard 's head . 
 richard breathed slowly as if he was becoming a new person the moment the crown touched a single hair on his head . 
 he closed his eyes and felt the power . 
 keenoth kneeled to the king and the knights kneeled as well . 
 the crowd followed kneeled as well . 
 soon , the entire parade and the civilians to the left and right side were all kneeling before the new king . 
 king richard stood up from the throne and stared down at all his loyal subjects . 
 `` thank you all for being here today . 
 it is not just my special day as the new king . 
 it is also a special day for my son , the prince . '' 
 king richard said and turned back to the prince who sat next to the throne . 
 shy and timid looking at the large crowd . 
 the boy had some kind of phobia being around too many people . 
 richard knew little of his son 's fear . 
 `` come now , sarugie . '' 
 the king gestured at him . 
 the shy prince stood up from his seat sucking his thumb . 
 one of the knights ran to him to hold his hand and guided him to his father . 
 the boy trembled standing in front of such a large crowd . 
 sarugie clutched his father 's robe . 
 the queen watched her son nervously . 
 she understood just how little richard knew of his own son , and how ruthless he could be in raising his child . 
 she was always there to watch and protect her only son . 
 `` my father , king sargf , was a great man . 
 he gave those people in need a chance to prosper and i wish to do the same , '' richard spoke . 
 `` i stand here in front of you all with humility and in hope of changing the attitude that people have towards the sainos name . 
 i understand that my fam ... '' king richard bit his sentence , unfinished at the sight of one man in the crowd . 
 he was disturbed at the fact that this one man was not bowing to him . 
 that one man refusing to bow protruded like a black sheep . 
 so noticeable that to point it out was too rude , even for the king . 
 richard did not wish to humiliate the man in the crowd . 
 he gestured at one of the knights to handle the disrespectful man . 
 the knight ran down the stairs to punish the man at the front of the line . 
 he did not seem to belong with the soldiers of the parade . 
 he wore a black cloak and kept his hood up , covering his face . 
 `` you down there . 
 show your respect to his majesty . 
 kneel down , '' the knight commanded . 
 then the hooded man commenced to walk out of the crowd and up the stairs . 
 he took slow confident steps as if he had some authority . 
 `` where do you think you are going ? 
 go back down ! '' 
 the knight commanded , but the hooded man ignored him . 
 king richard became angry as he watched this man rebel against his commands . 
 should i kill him , richard thought . 
 no ! 
 not a good idea . 
 not on his first day on the throne . 
 embarrassing it would be , and people will cease to trust him . 
 `` get this man off my stage now ! '' 
 the king yelled trying to control his anger and remain poised in front of the audience while they still bowed to him . 
 the knight drew out his sword hoping to strike fear into the hooded man . 
 it was difficult to scare a man whose face could not be seen . 
 the knight raised his sword in the air to bluff an attack . 
 `` take one more step and i will cut you down , '' the knight threatened . 
 abruptly , the hooded man dashed , revealing a saber under his cloak . 
 he slashed the knight 's armpit before the knight could swing his broad sword . 
 the hooded man rapidly went behind the knight and slashed the back of his neck . 
 the knight gave a quick gasp and dropped dead down the stairs . 
 `` kill him ! '' 
 king richard yelled when he saw the knight die by the hands of the hooded man . 
 the knights who stood behind the throne now ran to protect the king . 
 richard quickly carried his son away . 
 keenoth grabbed the queen to take her to safety . 
 `` my prince ! '' 
 yelled the queen as keenoth grabbed her arm . 
 `` he will be fine . 
 the knights and richard will keep him safe . 
 stay with me my queen . 
 i must keep you away from danger . '' 
 keenoth persuaded her and she agreed with tears in her eyes , afraid of losing her only son . 
 richard ran away carrying sarugie over his shoulder . 
 the council of elders jumped out of their seats , shocked at the sudden assassin . 
 they ran to the back of the stage cowardly . 
 the hooded man fought against the king 's knight . 
 without struggle , he took on all five of them . 
 he parried the sword of one knight as he went up the stairs and cut open his throat . 
 `` you are just one man . 
 you ca n't take on all four of us , '' said another knight . 
 `` i might be out numbered , but you are outmatched , '' claimed the hooded man . 
 it was still difficult to see his face under the hood . 
 one knight tried to pull the hood off and the stranger quickly plunged his blade in the knight 's neck . 
 the three knights stepped back , doubting their ability to kill this one person . 
 `` having second thoughts my friends , '' teased the hooded man . 
 the knights moved backwards up the stairs to the stage in fear . 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 a knight asked . 
 `` i want the next heir to the throne . 
 i will save this country , '' said the hooded man with lust in his voice . 
 suddenly he heard a swarm of footsteps from behind . 
 he glanced back over his shoulder . 
 coming up the stairs , he saw a phalanx of knights wielding big broad swords . 
 he panicked . 
 `` you can take on five men , but there is no way in hell you can take down an army . '' 
 he laughed . 
 one of the knights mocked as the hooded man stood still , thinking of his next move . 
 then he replied , `` fools . 
 do n't you think i would be prepare for this day ? '' 
 the hooded man set his left hand over his face and breathed out black haze at the knights in front of him . 
 the black haze quickly spread on the stage and blinded them . 
 he was unaffected by his spell . 
 he took advantage as they were all blinded and slit their throats . 
 without hesitation , he faced the army of knights raging to kill him . 
 he breathed the black haze at them . 
 he casted a large black cloud , blinding everyone and even the front row of the crowd . 
 those in the smoke could not even see the sun light . 
 the spell was strong and created an illusion of darkness . 
 the knights became confused and began to strike each other down . 
 `` where is he ? '' 
 they shouted , bumped into each other and cleaved one another accidentally . 
 `` this should keep them busy till i finish my mission , '' said the hooded man and heard screams of pain . 
 he followed king richard to the back of the stage . 
 another set of stairs took him down to the path of the castle . 
 squinting , he spotted the king running away with the prince and the council behind him . 
 the hooded man ran after them . 
 he was fast and held his hood down from the wind . 
 he was not going to allow anyone to see his face , at least not yet . 
 over the mermaid bridge , he caught up to the council . 
 he leaped forward descending upon an elderly and plunged his blade through the back of the old man . 
 the poor geezer 's life ended immediately . 
 `` sleep well old man , '' said the hooded stranger as he yanked his saber out of the elder 's body . 
 he ran after the other three . 
 their age did not allow them to run much faster . 
 the hooded stranger hurled his sword at the second elder . 
 the blade embedded in the back of the old man 's skull . 
 `` do n't worry , i will put you all to rest , '' he swore , yanking his blade out of the old man 's head . 
 he saw the elderly woman tripping and falling on the ground . 
 he took his time walking towards her , slowly , like a hawk soaring over a helpless prey . 
 `` what do you want ? 
 why are you trying to kill the king ? '' 
 the elderly woman asked , as she crawled away from the hooded man . 
 `` your speech was very inspiring ; any last words before i put you to sleep . 
 hag . '' 
 `` you will pay for your crimes tenfold , you heartless bastard , '' the elderly woman insulted . 
 `` do n't worry , my dear . 
 i will never be as good as the sainos family , '' he laughed , while stabbing the woman and kicking her to the side . 
 he followed the last of the elderly to the entrance of the castle . 
 there ran the last of the council members . 
 it was the one who gave the first speech before the crowning of the king . 
 in front of him , king richard entered the castle and closed the gate . 
 the old man was too late and did not reach the gate in time . 
 `` please your majesty . 
 open the gate . 
 as a member of the council , i command this gate to be open . 
 do n't leave your adviser behind , '' the old man begged , pounding the gate with his bonnie fist . 
 `` this is your fault old man , '' said the hooded stranger standing behind the elder . 
 the old man stood his ground , refusing to go down without a fight . 
 he was weak but he was tenacious , and his spirit was still on fire . 
 just looking into those saggy eyes said a lot about the old man 's character . 
 `` how sad , '' said the hooded stranger . 
 `` if only you had become king , wise old man , but since no one is wise enough to rid us of the sainos , i shall take responsibility on passing judgment . '' 
 `` who are you to judge ? '' 
 the elder asked , staring at the hooded man trying to find his face inside the hood . 
 `` i ask the questions around here old man . '' 
 `` do you realize what you are doing ? 
 why are you trying to kill his majesty ? '' 
 `` sorry old man , but you must die without knowledge of my purpose , '' the hooded man said , rapidly swinging his sword . 
 he decapitated the old man just as he finished his sentence with a clean cut . 
 as the elder 's body dropped to the floor , his head and his body went their separate ways . 
 `` rest in peace old man , '' the hooded man said , `` i have one more life to take . '' 
 ******** the king ran for his life , yelling at his knights , guards , and servants . 
 `` close every entrance and every exit of the castle . '' 
 `` father , what is happening ? '' 
 prince sarugie cried . 
 `` we are being attacked , my son , just stay with me and you will be safe , '' richard appeased his son . 
 richard ran up the stairs to his chamber and every man with a sword on his waist went searching for the assassin . 
 the servants and maids hid in their chambers . 
 richard had no idea where the council was , or even the queen . 
 the queen , he thought as he scampered up the stairs to the third floor . 
 he had abandoned her . 
 no . 
 she was safe with keenoth , his right hand . 
 he had everything under control . 
 there is no way that this killer could get to him . 
 `` what does this man want ? '' 
 he asked himself , but it was obvious . 
 `` it is not my blood he wants , but the legacy of my blood . '' 
 richard panicked . 
 he entered his chamber . 
 a knight stood inside waiting for the king . 
 he had everyone protecting every room in the castle especially his chamber . 
 `` quickly , lock the door , '' he ordered his knight . 
 the armored man closed the door and placed a chair under the door knob . 
 `` father , are we going to die ? '' 
 asked sarugie in the arms of his father . 
 `` we are safe here , my son . 
 do not worry , '' richard said . 
 richard placed his son down and strolled around the room . 
 so nervous for his first day on the throne . 
 am i going to die today , he pondered . 
 it was all he could think about . 
 `` my king , perhaps you should arm yourself ? '' 
 asked the knight guarding the door . 
 `` do not worry about me . 
 just keep an eye on the door . '' 
 `` yes your majesty . '' 
 richard sweated and was frightened . 
 at what ? 
 at one man who stood up to him . 
 one man against his whole army . 
 why was he so afraid that he had to lock himself in his chamber ? 
 it is only one man . 
 i have to stop him , he thought . 
 when one of them stands up to me , they all will . 
 suddenly , he heard a gagging sound coming from his knight . 
 he turned his head , startled at the sudden sound . 
 the knight had a sword through his neck that simultaneously pierced the door . 
 sarugie shrieked at the sight of the dead knight stuck on the door . 
 `` no ! 
 but how ? '' 
 richard questioned the unknown , for he did not feel or sense anyone coming in the room . 
 there was no way in , except , the window . 
 of course . 
 but who could have climbed such heights . 
 standing by the window was the hooded stranger who had killed the king 's knights on the crowning stage . 
 he stood there hiding his face , staring at the king and the prince from shadows . 
 as soon as richard saw the hooded man , he did not hesitate to pull the sword out of the knight 's neck . 
 the knight 's body dropped on the floor . 
 richard pointed the sword at the hooded stranger . 
 `` do you even know how to use that ? '' 
 asked the hooded man , his voice cold . 
 `` i know enough to kill a man , '' richard answered . 
 `` i bet you have never spilled blood . 
 your majesty , '' predicted the hooded man and lunged for the king . 
 richard swung his sword horizontally , but the hooded assassin was too fast . 
 he dipped and then uppercut the king 's face . 
 richard lost grip of the sword as he took a punch to his chin , almost biting off his tongue . 
 the stranger took the sword and grabbed the prince , lifting the helpless child off the ground with one hand . 
 `` let me go ! 
 father ! 
 help me ! '' 
 the prince cried . 
 richard fell to the ground in pain holding his mouth . 
 indeed , he almost bit his tongue off and bled from his mouth . 
 he looked up at the assassin who now held his son with a sword on the prince 's neck . 
 his mouth hurt too much to speak , so he gestured at the assassin and begged for his son 's life . 
 `` this is a glorious day for me of course . 
 today , i change history as the first man to take down the sainos family , '' the stranger said . 
 `` i recognize that voice , '' richard whispered . 
 his jaw was still in pain . 
 `` auron ? 
 is that you ? '' 
 the assassin chuckled and removed his hood . 
 the assassin 's hair was bloody red as well as his mustache . 
 blue eyes and that serious look on his face . 
 it was auron . 
 `` i knew it , '' richard rasped , `` you bastard . 
 it makes perfect sense . 
 of course you wanted me dead . 
 after my father died , the only king you trusted , i knew you would try to kill me . '' 
 `` yes . 
 for once , you are right . 
 now with the council dead you have no guidance and no one to cover your lies , '' auron said . 
 `` you murdered the elders ? '' 
 richard seethed with anger . 
 the only few people he truly trusted were now dead . 
 the council supported him so much and was a great asset to his kingship . 
 losing them meant that he was in danger of losing power . 
 `` it does not matter . 
 i do n't care about them anyway . 
 all i care about is my son and my wife . 
 let go of the prince and i will give you whatever you want . 
 you name it and i will give it to you . 
 just let my prince go . '' 
 `` oh , i do n't think so , '' auron grinned , looking into the eyes of sarugie that were filled with fear . 
 `` he is worth more than any amount of gold . 
 i am going to tell tales of how king richard used his son as a shield to protect himself . 
 i will tell tales of the cowardly king and how the band of the fox overthrew king richard and brought hope to the people . 
 the sainos family will die one by one . '' 
 `` what is it that you want , auron . 
 is it money ? 
 fame ? 
 i will give you more of both . 
 tell me what you want and i will give it to you , '' richard shed tears . 
 `` just do n't kill my prince . 
 please ! 
 i beg you , '' he begged on his knees for his son 's life . 
 then the knights outside began to pound on the door , trying to break in to save their king . 
 `` well , your majesty , looks like my time here is over . '' 
 auron took his blade and pierced the prince 's neck slowly and watched the blood seep down the child 's neck . 
 the child gagged and fluttered his legs and gasped for air . 
 he felt every inch of the cold steel going inside his throat . 
 sarugie struggled on the hands of auron until it all went blank and he saw the illumination of the realm of light . 
 auron yanked the sword out and tossed the corpse to the king . 
 richard caught his son in his arms . 
 blood crimsoned his royal robes . 
 auron cleaned his sword with the end of his cloak and escaped out of the window . 
 the wooden door finally broke . 
 the knights stormed in but the damage was done . 
 `` your majesty , who did this ? '' 
 a knight asked , kneeling down to the level of the king . 
 richard cried and sobbed holding his prince in his arms . 
 the boy died with his eyes and mouth open . 
 richard kissed the face of his dead prince . 
 `` i want him dead , '' he screamed , `` i want auron fox dead ! '' 
 he yelled . 
 ********* he ran over rooftops . 
 jumping from house to house as stealthily as he could . 
 afraid of being spotted . 
 the news already began to spread from the castle to the streets . 
 he hid behind statues that were on the rooftops . 
 it would have been much easier during the night but making a show out of interrupting the crowning of the king had a purpose . 
 it seemed like a suicide mission at first but the message was delivered . 
 `` what kind of assassin murders during day light ? '' 
 some would ask . 
 to put it simple . 
 people love to see a hero save the day . 
 however , what they love to see more than a hero saving the day is a hero failing . 
 the message was not to entertain . 
 auron was no entertainer . 
 showmanship was not in his nature . 
 he had to return to the dark alleyways of the capital city . 
 the spell in his body was wearing off . 
 he felt the spell withering away little by little and it ached his stomach and made his muscles feel heavier . 
 the sun was beginning to set . 
 at dawn , auron had to meet up with a partner . 
 the only negative about this mission is that it was unpaid . 
 not likely for auron to take such missions but this was of greater importance . 
 someone had to punish the sainos family one way or another . 
 damned if he waited any longer , or so he felt . 
 the line was crossed long ago . 
 did auron feel like he was doing something for the greater good ? 
 did he suddenly become a utilitarian ? 
 he would soon gain more popularity than he already had yet it seemed like the right thing to do . 
 he rested to catch his breath , having run from the castle all the way up to the north side of the capital city . 
 on a rooftop , he stopped . 
 the tree that reigned over the house , casted a shadow providing him with shade . 
 he laughed . 
 `` the trap is set . '' 
 auron talked to himself . 
 `` now the real game begins . 
 all i have to do now is wait until after the prince 's funeral . 
 a little catastrophe here and there and then my role will come again . 
 life is but an act , a theater , and we are all playing our roles . 
 best of all , in the end of the story , i will be the victor . 
 there is absolutely no way i can lose now . '' 
 he glanced down and saw knights patrolling the city . 
 they ran down the streets searching for the murderer . 
 the prince was assassinated half an hourglass ago . 
 just as planned . 
 it was already taking effect . 
 auron watched the knights raiding people 's houses and stopped every citizen in their tracks , searching for the only red head everyone knew . 
 `` do they plan to search every inch of the city . 
 fools , '' auron said with such confidence and cockiness to prove anyone wrong . 
 he knew that no one would discover him so easily . 
 he stood up and felt recharged . 
 he continued to run over the rooftops . 
 sometimes , he would cast his black haze spell to prevent people from detecting him . 
 anyone would think it was chimney smoke or something harmless . 
 from roof to roof , he jumped , and then turned east . 
 he reached the shrine district of the capital city . 
 the shrine district had taller buildings but had less people wandering the streets . 
 most people came here to pray to terramus and oceamus . 
 with mobs leaving the city , who would come to the district ? 
 the buildings were colorful of rich emerald green and marine blues to praise both dragons . 
 auron somersaulted off a house , his body flipped backwards and he landed with a loud thump on the ground . 
 he then rolled back , having landed so hard that his body lost balance and hit his head on the building 's walls . 
 `` argh ! 
 it 's wearing off quickly , '' auron grunted . 
 his hair color began to change to black . 
 his hair grew longer down to his shoulder . 
 his eyes changed color and he shrunk an inch . 
 his muscles ached and his skin color changed slightly pale . 
 his mustache whiskers withdrew into his skin . 
 as he grunted , the tone of his voice changed to a higher pitch . 
 it hurt , but he withstood the pain . 
 after his body had finished changing , he was a completely different person . 
 `` there is no better body than my own , '' barvoch kissed himself , having returned back to normal . 
 femininely , he thought of himself beautiful , and was anxious to look in a mirror . 
 `` oh , sweet body of mine . 
 there is truly no place like home . 
 i can not think of any worst experience in the world than to be in my rival 's body . 
 that stupid bloody red hair . 
 i hate it so . '' 
 barvoch brushed himself off and caressed his hair . 
 he made his way down the alley . 
 it was empty . 
 gazing down the long alley seemed endless with the pavement ground and the red brick walls . 
 barvoch walked almost nervously , even though the effect of the potion he had used to copy auron 's body had worn off . 
 no one would suspect he murdered the king . 
 barvoch would do anything for fame and fortune . 
 `` only the strong survive and the weak perish , '' was the only philosophy that motivated his every action and every decision . 
 however , barvoch did it in a less barbaric way . 
 he valued status , intellect , and prestige . 
 he always thought of himself brilliant until he met auron fox . 
 the only man ever to outwit him in swordplay and mind games . 
 he relished this day for everything was going his way . 
 as he walked the endless alley , he eyeballed the walls searching for a marking . 
 on the left side he found and `` x '' illustrated on the brick wall . 
 he drew his sword and tapped the glyph three times . 
 he took a step back and waited for a reaction . 
 the shape of a door glowed around the `` x '' . 
 the glowing lines of the door were green and began to cave in the wall . 
 the door then opened dragging itself to the left . 
 barvoch walked inside the hidden entrance . 
 once he entered , there were stairs that guided him down . 
 as he went down , he saw a soft light like those of candles and torches . 
 after the stairs , he entered a chamber . 
 by a wooden table sat keenoth sipping alcohol from a silver cup . 
 to his left was a person wearing a white mask . 
 the mask had one opening for the left eye and three vertical cuts with one horizontal for the mouth . 
 the person was clad in black and stared at barvoch as he entered the hidden chamber . 
 `` well done , barvoch . 
 a bit sloppy but that can be forgiven , '' keenot said , swirling his silver cup . 
 `` ` forgiven you say . 
 why do n't you drink a urine tasting potion that will transform you into the body of your rival ? '' 
 barvoch grumbled . 
 `` oh yes . 
 explain to me how exactly did you get your hands on such a potion ? 
 you are not one to experiment with mystical fluids , '' keenoth stated . 
 barvoch walked to the table , pulled a chair and sat across from the white masked stranger . 
 `` a cousin of mine is a potion maker . 
 all i needed was a few drops of auron 's blood . 
 thanks to ember 's attack on auron , i was able to make the potion work . '' 
 `` i am impressed that you have completed the mission successfully , '' ember commented , her voice deep yet feminine . 
 barvoch thought there was an elderly woman under that mask . 
 `` tell me , ember , will i ever see your face ? '' 
 barvoch asked . 
 `` not ever , '' she answered , `` no one must see what is under this mask . 
 with this mask , i buried my past . '' 
 barvoch chuckled after ember spoke . 
 he giggled in secrecy of what he truly thought of her . 
 `` i do n't think i have said any jokes , barvoch , '' ember said , annoyed . 
 she hated barvoch 's high pitch girly laughter . 
 it was like a laughing child after doing something naughty . 
 `` oh , i am sorry , '' his laugh subsided . 
 `` i ca n't imagine how ugly you are under that stupid mask of yours . '' 
 ember grunted at barvoch 's mockery . 
 `` please do n't listen to him . 
 he is just being immature , '' keenoth defended , placing his drink on the table in fear of the conflict between his two partners . 
 ember raised a hand ; her fingers were stiff positioned as if to clutch something . 
 `` ahhg ! '' 
 barvoch gagged at the sudden tightness around his neck . 
 air suddenly stopped traveling through his windpipe . 
 barvoch tried to inhale air , but it was futile . 
 air magic , he thought as he choked . 
 only an air spell can stop a person from breathing , but this was different . 
 barvoch felt a hand gripping his neck . 
 he fell down with the chair on the floor struggling to breathe . 
 `` stop it ! '' 
 keenoth yelled dropping his beverage . 
 `` let him go . 
 i know he is foolish but we still need him , '' keenoth persuaded . 
 ember released the spell . 
 barvoch gasped for air rapidly . 
 he lay on the ground catching his breath , panting , regretting the mockery he did of ember . 
 he did not fear the woman regardless of how powerful she was , but getting on her hot side was never a good idea . 
 ember strolled around the table and around barvoch . 
 she stood by him as he lied down , still catching his breath . 
 she stomped on his chest and stared down at him with her left eye . 
 `` if you want to continue living , do n't infuriate me . 
 you are feeble to me . 
 if you do n't want to taste my powers again , then keep your mouth shut . '' 
 ember removed her boot from barvoch 's chest . 
 he stood up slowly , his legs wobbling . 
 sweat drenched his forehead . 
 `` do n't forget our contract . 
 once this is over , you must grant me my wish . 
 i want to be the most powerful fire magus in all of burnahdujf , '' barvoch reminded ember of their proposal . 
 in order to accomplish their goals , they had to deal with each other . 
 the partnership was merely to acquire something much greater . 
 `` you are doing well so far . 
 perform your part right and i shall install my powers into you , '' ember promised . 
 `` now that we are all settled . 
 we must all resume our positions . 
 for the next two days we will let king richard play his part and then the real show starts . '' 
 keenoth explained . 
 he had been planning this for so long . 
 his dream was soon to come true . 
 he rubbed his goateed beard and smirked as he thought of the next act . 
 `` i will ask you once again , '' barvoch said to ember , `` what is that magic you used on me ? '' 
 `` nothing that you will find in any grimoire . 
 my magic is unique and i dare say , ` is not of this world , '' ember answered walking towards the stairs . 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 keenoth asked . 
 `` as much as i love dark shallow places , i have other matters to attend to . 
 keenoth , i will see you at the king 's castle after the funeral . '' 
 ember went up the stairs and vanished from view . 
 barvoch was relieved to see her leave . 
 `` do n't you just hate how she leaves us uninformed ? '' 
 barvoch complained . 
 `` i fear she might turn on us . '' 
 `` you complain too much my friend . 
 she has no reason to betray . 
 we are an asset to her plans . 
 let her do what she wishes . 
 everything is going as planned . 
 before the year ends , the crown will be mine , and you shall have your powers and wealth . 
 some sacrifices must be made . '' 
 chapter 6 : the raid the day felt young and refreshing . 
 a warm breeze came from the window . 
 the light of the sun was radiant on auron 's face . 
 thankfully , the sun woke him from a bitter dream . 
 he dreamt of that island and his origin . 
 the worst years of his life . 
 the day he ran away . 
 he could see himself running through the woods being chased by his father and the tribe . 
 he can still feel that burning sensation on his back when his father threatened to kill and cast a fire spell on him . 
 he remembered hiding in the forest with creatures of the night and hungry predators hunting for his flesh . 
 that stormy night on the sea when he stole his father 's boat and ran away under the rain and thunder . 
 the only time he ever felt safe in life at the young age of thirteen was on that boat . 
 lonely under a storm . 
 away from the dangers of his tribe . 
 a tidal wave had sunk his boat and he lost consciousness under the sea . 
 when auron opened his eyes , he found himself on his bed . 
 still alive . 
 he thought the tidal wave took him . 
 he sweated from the dream . 
 he sat up , rubbed his eyes then stared at the light of the sun through the window . 
 it was irritable but the warmth was good . 
 he looked at the other side of the bed expecting to see lorena . 
 the woman was not by his side . 
 is she still angry at me ? 
 auron thought as he stood up from the bed . 
 he had given up trying to please his wife . 
 as a busy man running a village and being a mercenary , he decided to not burn so much energy bickering with that woman . 
 she will relax sooner or later , he thought . 
 he donned his pants , boots , and an under shirt before his green tunic . 
 he used a ribbon belt and tied it around his waist over the tunic . 
 he decided to leave his sword today and picked up the wooden one by the door . 
 he thought he might spar with his friends and the band of the fox . 
 today was not a day to look for jobs . 
 he ignored all scrolls and that were sent to him by his employers . 
 he looked at himself in a small mirror that hanged from the wall next to the door and shrugged not caring about his bed hair . 
 down the stairs he went and as he scampered down , he smelled something burning . 
 lorena burned breakfast again , he assumed . 
 his wife would sometimes cook carelessly and burn his meals . 
 entering the kitchen he shouted at lorena . 
 `` do n't tell me we are without breakfast again woman . 
 are you doing this on purpose ? '' 
 the kitchen was empty . 
 not even his daughter was in sight . 
 there was only the odor of the burning smell . 
 had something caught on fire outside ? 
 auron went for the door and just before he touched the door knob , it burst open . 
 it was lorena . 
 she slammed the door shut behind her . 
 she panted and panicked . 
 `` what is the matter ? '' 
 auron asked in deep concern , holding her arms . 
 it seemed as though this is as much close contact he had with her in days . 
 lorena cried and sobbed . 
 `` they are burning everything . 
 they killed my friends , '' she sobbed . 
 `` who ? '' 
 auron asked and shook her . 
 `` and where is hanna ? '' 
 `` they captured her and they killed my friends . '' 
 hanna was captured ? 
 his lovely daughter . 
 auron would never forgive himself if anything dreadful happened to her . 
 `` hanna , '' he whispered . 
 his heart hammered at his chest just knowing that she was in danger . 
 `` stay inside the house , lorena . 
 do n't come out . 
 find somewhere safe to hide , '' he told his wife . 
 lorena gave auron a tender hug . 
 it was as if they had reconnected at that moment . 
 `` i can not stay inside knowing that hanna is in trouble . '' 
 `` me neither , my love . 
 i will destroy anyone who tries to harm her , '' auron promised . 
 he ran up the stairs to the bedroom . 
 he removed his tunic and changed to his chest armor . 
 he prepared himself for the danger outside . 
 he lifted his sword and donned his vambrace . 
 auron hasted outside his house and the sight brought nothing but despair . 
 how could he have not felt it ? 
 houses burning and villagers lit on fire . 
 he gazed down the streets and watched his fellow villagers set on fire , screaming and shrieking with agony . 
 women , children , and men lied dead on the streets . 
 those homes his men worked so hard to build were now destroyed . 
 who could have done this ? 
 it is impossible . 
 there is no possible way that anyone in the country or the world could have found his village . 
 auron stared hopelessly at the fire . 
 he seethed with anger , thinking of who could have revealed the location of his hidden village . 
 who had betrayed him ? 
 and then he thought `` akielas '' . 
 it made sense . 
 the only person who recently came to the village uninvited . 
 had his old master given word to outsiders about the village ? 
 would akielas betray him in such a way ? 
 on the streets of his village , he saw men on horses approaching . 
 they wore armor much like the knights of the capital city . 
 `` has that bastard king richard discovered my village ? '' 
 he asked himself , enraged . 
 `` it does not matter . 
 i will kill them all . '' 
 he rushed down the dirt streets among the burning houses and the dead bodies of his villagers . 
 chanting a spell , he ran towards the knights on horses . 
 `` there he is ! '' 
 they yelled and raised their swords . 
 auron planted his hands in the ground . 
 he inserted his maju into the earth . 
 spikes of sharp rocks punched out of the ground like giant needles under the horses . 
 their horses bled and became crippled . 
 their bodies landed on spikes . 
 the knights fell off and the spikes pierced through their armor . 
 `` it has been a long time since i have used a large amount of maju , '' auron said as he removed his hands from the ground . 
 `` there he is ! '' 
 auron heard men shouting from behind . 
 `` the one who slayed the prince , '' they said . 
 `` slayed the prince ? '' 
 auron thought but the situation did not allow him to think . 
 `` i will figure it out later . '' 
 auron turned to the knights behind him and again planted his hands in the ground using terramancy . 
 `` die ! '' 
 he bellowed . 
 spikes rose from the ground under the feet of the knights . 
 the sharp spikes punched and pierced their armor and they screamed with agony . 
 some spikes rose high and lifted them through their chest . 
 auron continued down the street and turned right going in the direction where his band members lived . 
 casting an air spell on his legs for speed , he dashed through the streets cutting through the raiders with his saber . 
 some men in the village were able to defend themselves and some died helplessly trying to survive against the attack . 
 auron never took the time to set up training time for the men of the village . 
 many were skilled with swords , spears , axes , hammers and shields . 
 however , only a handful studied the mystic arts . 
 he launched an air spell to help the villagers . 
 `` bastards from the capital city . 
 i will dig your grave for destroying my village ! '' 
 auron roared swinging his sword horizontally and cutting their throats . 
 `` sir auron ! '' 
 someone yelled as auron battled the knights . 
 he glanced down the dirt street . 
 it was oseth . 
 the boy cut his way through the raiders with ease . 
 oseth 's skills with the sword were above all others in the village . 
 he defended with one blade and slashed with the other . 
 oseth rushed and once they met , they fought back to back . 
 `` any idea of how they got in here ? '' 
 oseth asked . 
 `` i have no idea , but you can bet your life that king richard is behind it all , '' auron answered . 
 `` i ca n't stop the fire , sir auron . 
 what do we do ? 
 the village is going to burn to the ground and many have died already . '' 
 oseth panicked . 
 it was the perfect time to panic , since no stranger had ever entered the village . 
 the raiders continued to appear . 
 they surrounded auron and oseth in a circle pointing their sword and spears at them . 
 `` is this how we die sir auron ? '' 
 oseth asked in despair . 
 `` by the dragon gods , oseth , do n't speak in such way . 
 you are not yourself . '' 
 suddenly , the circle of knights around them broke . 
 someone knocked them out of the way . 
 edd wielded a giant hammer twice the size of his head . 
 he broke the circle of knights swinging that enormous weapon , crushing bones . 
 `` good earth dragon , i had no idea you had the strength to wield such a fiendish weapon . '' 
 auron commented . 
 `` with a small earth spell this hammer almost feels like a feather , '' edd laughed . 
 `` move out of the way . '' 
 he smashed a knight into the ground , blood gushing from the knight 's head . 
 auron and oseth slit throats in their surroundings , freeing themselves from the circle of knights . 
 `` sir auron , we have to stop the fire quickly , '' edd said . 
 `` yes , i know . 
 unfortunately , my water spells take too much time to cast , '' auron said , nervously . 
 he had never lost so many of his people before . 
 it was traumatizing and he only wished that he could have woken up sooner . 
 perhaps it was punishment from the dragon gods , making auron pay for his sins . 
 those who take the life of others will experience such ill events . 
 he knew the village would be attacked one day , but he predicted everyone would be fully prepared . 
 this was overly unexpected . 
 no one had ringed the village alarm . 
 in case of invasion or intruders in the village , a bell will warn everyone . 
 he would have been able to awaken in time had the alarm rang . 
 `` this invasion was well planned out , '' auron said . 
 `` indeed , but we ca n't just sit and ponder . 
 we must kill them all and quickly , '' oseth suggested . 
 he enjoyed a good fight and saw this tragedy as an opportunity to release his rage . 
 `` find their leader , '' auron commanded , `` find their leader and make him talk . 
 i want to know the bastard who dare spit the secret of this village to outsiders . '' 
 the three mercenaries felt the ground tremble . 
 they turned their head and looked down the dirt street of scattered dead bodies . 
 a big animal was ramming in their direction . 
 the weight of its stomps made the ground shake . 
 as it approached , it appeared to be a giant boar much bigger than an elephant and its body was as long as two houses . 
 it ran through the village streets over the dead bodies . 
 it had two long teeth coming from his mouth and horns from the sides of its head . 
 a knight stood on top of the boar leading it . 
 `` to necrovania with your precious village , band of the fox ! '' 
 shouted the knight from atop the giant boar . 
 `` edd , i need a thick earth wall . 
 think you can help me ? '' 
 auron planned for a defense . 
 `` definitely sir . '' 
 edd followed and the two men stood side by side . 
 they clapped their hands , knelt and plunged their fist into the ground . 
 their maju forced the earth up to rise . 
 the ground shook as if an earthquake was to occur . 
 a tall wall of gravel rose wide up to the edges of the dirt street . 
 it was as thick as castle walls . 
 `` move away from the wall everyone , '' auron commanded . 
 he was sure that the wall could stop the animal , confident in his earth magic . 
 soon the boar 's horns pierced through the wall . 
 only the tip of its horns made it through . 
 the boar yanked out its horns and the second time it tried , it rammed right through the wall of gravel . 
 the animal made anything it touched seem fragile . 
 auron , edd , and oseth ran . 
 they sprinted down the street . 
 the boar chased them throwing a tantrum flailing its head , destroying houses with its horns and the sides of its body . 
 the creature grunted and snored . 
 the stomps of the animal shook the ground , making auron and his band members lose balance . 
 `` we can not continue to run away from this beast , '' auron snarled . 
 `` edd , do you know any heavy earth spells ? '' 
 `` yes sir , '' edd stopped and turned back while auron and oseth ran away from the beast . 
 he faced the animal and waited for the right moment to cast his spell . 
 just before the giant boar reached edd , the knight who was riding the animal took an arrow between his eyes . 
 the knight fell off the giant boar . 
 then the beast began to slow down now that its master had fallen . 
 edd heard a whoosh by his left ear and another unknown arrow pierced the left eye of the giant boar , causing it to squeal and tantrum until finally another arrow plunged into the right eye of the beast . 
 the animal collapsed , plowing the earth with its large heavy body . 
 edd almost lost balance , feeling the earth shake under his feet . 
 edd was astonished at the sight of the giant dead boar on the village street . 
 there was no need for spells . 
 thank terramus . 
 he turned around to see who had killed the animal . 
 between auron and oseth stood saron with his head four inches lower than the others . 
 of course , only the best archer in the village could have done that with such accuracy . 
 `` you have the eye of an eagle , short man , '' edd commented . 
 `` you can thank me later ! '' 
 saron shouted . 
 edd ran up to join the team . 
 `` saron , how is genie ? '' 
 auron asked . 
 `` i do n't know , sir . 
 i believe she is still on the other side of the village . 
 the raiders have yet to cause greater damage on that side , '' saron informed . 
 auron breathed deeply with relief although the smoke of the burning homes made it difficult . 
 he sweated with nervousness . 
 auron tried to stay as calm as he could , being the founder of the village . 
 `` good . 
 now listen everyone . 
 we must find their leader and destroy him . 
 save as many of our people as you can and get them out of here . '' 
 auron looked at edd and said , `` i need you to stay on this side of the village and help as many wounded villagers as you can . 
 take them to safety . '' 
 auron never bothered creating an emergency exit for the village . 
 having been so careful and thoughtful of creating barriers for the village , he never thought anyone would break in . 
 `` oseth , i want you to kill the enemy . 
 find them and unleash your rage upon them , '' auron told oseth watching the boy put a smirk on his face . 
 it was playtime for oseth . 
 he loved swinging his swords . 
 `` will do , sir , '' oseth answered and ran off into the streets to search for more raiders . 
 edd followed oseth into the streets to help villagers . 
 `` saron , you and i will go to the west side of the village . 
 but first , we must try to put this fire out , '' auron commanded , still thinking of a plan . 
 `` but how ? 
 this fire is just too big and there is no water magus in the village and we have yet to find genie . '' 
 saron hoped auron had a plan as the red head usually did . 
 auron flipped his sword , the blade pointed down . 
 he removed the pommel from the hilt . 
 the pommel contained a sapphire jewel . 
 auron dropped the object on his left palm . 
 `` what is that ? '' 
 saron asked . 
 `` this is a sorcery stone , '' auron explained gripping the stone , `` listen carefully because we only have one shot at this . 
 i am going to throw the stone high up in the air and i need you to hit it with an arrow . 
 think you can do it ? '' 
 `` i have hit smaller targets ? '' 
 saron replied with a cocky tone , preparing his bow and arrow . 
 he pointed the arrow up at the sky and pulled on the string as hard as he could . 
 with air magic , he was able to hit anything accurately . 
 he had the eye of an eagle . 
 `` whenever you are ready , '' he said . 
 auron threw the stone up with as much strength in his right arm as he could . 
 it began to ascend high up in the sky . 
 they both watched as the stone flew higher and higher . 
 auron lost sight of it . 
 saron stayed focused on the stone without removing his eyes from it . 
 `` here it comes , '' saron said watching the stone now descending . 
 he released the string from his bow and the arrow whistled . 
 they watched the stone shatter with the rapid speed of the arrow . 
 seconds after the stone had shattered . 
 saron waited for the pieces to fall . 
 `` and just what exactly is supposed to happen , sir auron ? '' 
 saron asked in doubt , having wasted one of his arrows for battle . 
 `` you will see , '' auron answered , never doubting his own magic . 
 suddenly , the two mercenaries felt water drops on their faces . 
 they watched as it began to rain on the east side of the village . 
 water fell from the sky as if oceamus had sent her blessings . 
 there were no clouds and the sun was still in sight . 
 how could this be ? 
 rain from thin air . 
 the rain quickly became heavier , putting out the fire from the houses . 
 the flames began to fade and the dirt street became muddy . 
 it happened so quickly that saron was shocked at the existence of such magic . 
 he was now wet from head to toe . 
 `` how did you do that ? '' 
 saron asked , wiping his drenched face . 
 `` i have been storing mana into that gemstone for months . 
 i was only practicing my water magic , but i thought of other ways to use it . '' 
 this is the very reason people trusted auron and followed him . 
 he always had a plan in front of a plan . 
 he always thought ahead . 
 `` sir , that is genius ! 
 you put out the fire with one spell , '' saron praised , the short man jumped in the air . 
 `` yes , but it will only last for a few minutes . 
 let 's not waste any more time . '' 
 they sprinted down the muddy street and jumped over the giant dead boar . 
 the west side was more populated , meaning more lives would be in danger . 
 the east only had one fourth of the village population . 
 auron feared for the defenseless as well as his lovely daughter . 
 oh where could she be ? 
 he thought as he ran . 
 he would never be able to forgive himself if he let these bastards kill his daughter . 
 as the two mercenaries ran , more knights and armored men approached them . 
 they gutted them and spilled their blood . 
 saron hurled his daggers , piercing their heads and slit their necks . 
 as they made it to the west side of the village , some houses were on fire . 
 there were still villagers alive running to find a safe place to hide . 
 there was debris from the fire and auron watched knights slaughtering his people . 
 `` no ! '' 
 he yelled casting a spell on his legs for speed . 
 saron followed auron 's lead and shot arrows at the raiders . 
 they were both wet from rain that auron had cast on the east side . 
 auron 's body absorbed that water , saving it for another spell . 
 knights came out of burning houses hauling women on their shoulders . 
 they tossed women and children in the back of a caravan behind steel bars . 
 they took food supplies from people and then killed them bloodily . 
 a knight in gold and silver armor stood in the middle of the street with a long sword . 
 he hid his face behind a gold helmet that had a small sculpture at the crown shaped like a hammer . 
 he stood next to the caravan . 
 auron spotted him and thought of him as their leader . 
 no knight in low ranks would wear such luxurious armor . 
 `` bring me auron fox alive and you shall go up three ranks ! '' 
 shouted the leader at the knights putting a bounty on auron 's head . 
 auron dashed towards the leader in gold and silver armor . 
 not to kill him , but to injure and cripple him and force information out . 
 as he lunged for the armored leader , more knights blocked his way . 
 `` out of my way , '' he threatened , swinging his sword , cutting down two men . 
 the raider 's leader saw auron storming towards him . 
 he quickly reached inside the caravan , armed himself with a crossbow and shot and bolt . 
 auron ran too quickly to evade the missile . 
 the arrow plunged into his right thigh . 
 the wound burned and forced him to fall on his knees . 
 his sword slipped out of his fingers . 
 his hands were now busy holding the pain on his right thigh . 
 only his magic could defend him now . 
 `` saron help ! '' 
 auron yelled hoping saron would hear him and come to the rescue . 
 `` quickly ! 
 seize him ! '' 
 commanded the leader holding the crossbow . 
 the knights made a circle around auron as he knelt . 
 the red hair man reached for his sword and a knight kicked it away . 
 auron raised his hand to cast a spell , but one knight smacked his lips with the flat side of a broad sword to prevent him from casting any spells . 
 `` shut his lips and do n't let him use magic , '' said the leader of the knights , his voice echoing inside his gold helmet . 
 `` we got you now , auron fox . 
 you will be delivered to his majesty . '' 
 `` daddy ! '' 
 auron 's eyes widened with hope at the sound of a young girl 's voice . 
 `` hanna ? '' 
 he asked the unknown . 
 he gazed at the caravan and between the steel bars ; he saw a little girl crying , `` daddy ! '' 
 `` my love ! '' 
 auron shouted , trying to stand up . 
 a knight placed his sword over auron 's neck . 
 auron felt steel inserting on the side of his mid-back . 
 he immediately paused in fear of the pain . 
 `` make another move and it will be the end of you , '' a knight behind him threatened . 
 `` curse you , '' auron spat through gritted teeth , knowing he was unable to make another move . 
 they had him surrounded . 
 he was disarmed and at their mercy . 
 `` you seem to have a connection with this little one , '' said their leader . 
 he quickly opened the barred door of the caravan and pulled the innocent child out . 
 the little girl shrieked , kicked and tantrum , trying to free herself from the cold blooded knight . 
 `` daddy , help me ! '' 
 she cried . 
 the knight in gold and silver placed his blade over the innocent girl 's neck . 
 `` cast any spells or make any hostile movement and the child will die . '' 
 never had auron been in such a position . 
 it continued to hinder him . 
 he was not sure of what to do , so he yelled again , `` saron ! 
 save the girl ! '' 
 auron immediately saw an arrow fly into the head of a knight who stood in front of him . 
 the knight gave a quick grunt and collapsed . 
 then he felt another blade inserting in his lower back and groaned . 
 `` tell the archer to stop unless you want her to die , '' the leader warned . 
 saron arrived . 
 he stood at a close distance , a dozen feet away from the leader of the knights , pointing an arrow at him . 
 `` let-go-of-the-child , '' saron said , ready to shoot another arrow at a target that was hard to miss . 
 `` trust me , boy , by the time your arrow pierces my body , it will only take me a second to kill the girl . 
 if i happen to die , my knights will kill the child and carry on our mission . 
 i recommend you lower your weapon . '' 
 the leader of the raider had more control of the situation . 
 sadly , saron admitted it . 
 he would not be able to kill the knights and save the child in time . 
 it would only take a quick sword thrust to take the innocent girl 's life . 
 saron could not kill them all at the speed in which he foresaw himself . 
 it was physically impossible , all the knights would rush to kill him and he was not sure if auron was fit to fight with his injury . 
 `` hold your fire , saron , '' auron ordered , still kneeling in a circle of knights with the ends of two swords in his lower back . 
 auron gazed at the leader with a face full of rage . 
 he feared to cast any spells , for his life would end , or the life of his dear daughter . 
 cornered and anxious he began to think that this was the end for him and for the village he had spent a decade creating . 
 do i deserve this ? 
 he asked himself . 
 he could hear the requiem of the underworld playing for him . 
 necrovania was only one sword thrust away for him . 
 `` explain to me why you invaded us ? 
 we have done nothing to you ? '' 
 auron questioned staring at the lead raider . 
 `` oh , but you have , mercenary fox , '' the leader replied , `` allow me to introduce myself . 
 i am horeft . 
 one of the highest ranking knights in burnahdujf . '' 
 he removed his gold helmet . 
 the man had black and gray hair hinting at his old age . 
 his facial skin sagged . 
 his small brown eyes hid years of dark experiences . 
 `` the red hair foreigner , auron fox . 
 you have made quite a name for yourself . 
 it was all very noble until you decided to go overboard by taking the prince 's life . '' 
 `` what ! '' 
 auron interrupted horeft with a bark having lies enter his ears . 
 `` oh , do n't deny it . 
 if you really wanted to hide your identity then you should have killed the king . 
 what were you to gain by murdering the prince ? '' 
 horeft asked . 
 auron was dumbfounded . 
 `` this must be a misunderstanding . 
 i have never killed anyone in royalty . 
 i have never laid a finger on the prince , nor have any reason to kill the child . 
 you are arresting the wrong person . '' 
 `` do n't - lie-to me , '' horeft said , voice hoarse with certainty of auron 's guilt . 
 `` you were there , hooded . 
 everyone bowed to the new king , but you refused . 
 as i have been informed , you have a rivalry with his majesty richard . 
 everyone saw you walking up the crowning stage attempting to kill the king . 
 my knights tried to stop you but they fell at the hands of your sword . 
 then you kill the council of elders and finally took the prince 's life . 
 before i deliver you to the king , i would like to know why you chose to take the prince 's life . 
 why kill the heir to the throne ? '' 
 `` i have committed no such crime , '' auron answered and groaned from the pain and struggled . 
 `` i had left before the crowning of the king . 
 i came home and that was all . 
 regardless of my loathe for king richard , i would never waste my time with revenge . 
 i have better things to attend to and a village to manage that you are now burning to the ground . '' 
 auron 's words did not seem to persuade horeft . 
 he doubted that words were enough for the raiders to change their mind . 
 they wanted more proof even if it meant blood . 
 `` touching words . 
 however , we would not be here if king richard had not seen your face . 
 tell me , what kind of assassin murders during the daylight ? 
 it was not a very wise move from a smart man like you . '' 
 horeft chuckled and crossed his arms knowing that there was no way auron was going to talk himself out of the situation . 
 `` i told you i do n't know . 
 someone must be trying to frame me , '' the mercenary explained . 
 `` perhaps , that would make sense since you are so famous , '' horeft added . 
 he jerked his head to saron who still pointed an arrow at him . 
 `` did n't i say to lower your weapon ? '' 
 `` you do n't make the rules around here , '' saron snarled , pulling harder on the bow string . 
 `` saron , you fool . 
 lower your weapon , '' auron commanded . 
 `` yes , sir , '' saron withdrew his bow and arrow and stepped away from horeft . 
 `` good boy , '' horeft mocked and turned back to auron . 
 `` i find that hard to believe since you are the only person in this country with red hair . 
 it must be difficult being a foreigner . 
 i can only sympathize , but honestly , who could have created such a unique appearance . 
 you are one of a kind , auron . 
 but do n't worry you will have a chance to prove yourself once we deliver you to the king . 
 hopefully . '' 
 `` now let me ask you a question . 
 how did you get inside my village ? 
 the entrance is sealed with rare magic . 
 there is absolutely no way you could have known the right spell . '' 
 auron 's pride was hurt , having spent so much time creating that barrier for the village entrance . 
 only two people knew that spell . 
 auron and genie . 
 `` a little friend of yours tongued away your location and knew how to break the spell , '' horeft answered . 
 akielas that back stabbing bastard , auron thought . 
 his old master really had betrayed him . 
 `` why could n't you search for me instead of burning and slaughtering my people ? 
 i would have gladly allowed myself to be arrested , than having my village burned , '' auron sobbed . 
 a tear ran down his cheek . 
 `` what must we do for you to leave this village ? '' 
 saron asked , solemnly . 
 `` you want us to leave your precious village in peace , then the band of the fox must relinquish and quietly come with us to the castle . 
 not only will the band of the fox be punish for auron 's crime , but his village as well . 
 these are the words of king richard . '' 
 horeft said carrying auron 's daughter with one arm . 
 the red hair man leered horeft , hoping the knight would spare his only child . 
 `` sir auron ! '' 
 shouted a female voice from south of the street . 
 `` well , well , and here they are now just in time . '' 
 horeft saw the band of the fox arriving . 
 they ran to the scene . 
 genie in front with her spear at hand . 
 oseth at her left and edd to her right with an enormous hammer . 
 `` sir auron ! '' 
 genie shouted again . 
 she noticed the red hair man kneeling on the ground with no weapon , knights surrounded him . 
 the three band members immediately stopped next to saron . 
 they could only watch from a distance and hope no harm came to his leader . 
 `` saron , kill the bastard with the girl ! '' 
 oseth barked , ready to assault . 
 `` i ca n't , this is too much of a dilemma ! '' 
 saron responded . 
 oseth looked at horeft and took aim , about to hurl his sword . 
 genie punched him in the gut before he could throw his weapon . 
 oseth gasped and cursed . 
 `` what the heck ? '' 
 he bellowed . 
 `` are you blind ? 
 do n't you see he has a child hostage ? '' 
 genie told her hotheaded friend . 
 `` sorry , '' oseth apologized . 
 `` this is splendid '' horeft laughed as if his wish had come true . 
 `` i did n't even have to go looking for you . 
 the dragon gods have brought you to me . '' 
 `` what do you want , you old bastard ? '' 
 genie insulted , pointing her spear at horeft . 
 `` easy now . 
 you do n't want this child to lose her head , '' horeft intimidated , pressing his sword against the child 's neck . 
 `` why are you attacking our village and how did you get in here ? '' 
 genie asked . 
 `` i wo n't repeat myself . 
 i have already explained this to your leader here . 
 disarm yourself and relinquish , '' horeft demanded . 
 `` you think of us as fools ? '' 
 oseth chimed in . 
 `` we are not letting go of our weapons and give up our village . '' 
 oseth was eager to kill , especially since auron was at the brink of death in the circle of knights . 
 `` everyone put your weapons down ! '' 
 auron yelled at the band of the fox . 
 `` but sir ! '' 
 genie yelled back . 
 `` do it now ! '' 
 auron yelled again . 
 genie dropped her spear . 
 she always listened to auron without question . 
 edd followed and his hammered thumped . 
 oseth struggled to let go of his twin swords . 
 no one had ever told him to disarm himself , especially an enemy . 
 `` i ca n't do it , '' he said , `` my swords are a part of me . 
 a swordsman never lets go of his weapon . '' 
 `` you will let go of your weapon if you want auron to live , '' genie suggested . 
 with her words , oseth swallowed his pride and finally dropped his twin swords . 
 `` very good , '' horeft said . 
 `` we will come with you , but you have to promise to leave the village in peace , '' auron told horeft . 
 `` i am a man of my words . 
 the bounty is on your head after all , '' horeft promised . 
 `` knights ! 
 tie their hands and smack their lips if they try to cast any spells . '' 
 the knights removed their swords from auron 's lower back . 
 the man felt a huge relief . 
 his thigh still burned from the injury . 
 the wound was deep . 
 he was sure genie would heal him when the time came . 
 he felt truly weak in many ways . 
 he struggled to stand up and his legs wobbled . 
 `` you can let go of my daughter now , horeft , '' auron said . 
 `` certainly . '' 
 horeft placed the girl on the floor and the child ran to her father , eyes full of tears . 
 `` daddy ! '' 
 she shrieked . 
 auron knelt to hug her and kiss her . 
 `` do not worry , my dear . 
 you will be safe . '' 
 the knights grabbed auron and tied his hands behind his back . 
 they picked up his sword and guided him to the caravan . 
 `` i have one more requests , '' auron said before entering the caravan . 
 `` what might that be ? '' 
 horeft asked . 
 `` you will take no villagers as prisoners . 
 no one . '' 
 `` indeed . 
 we came here for the band of the fox . 
 we have no use of your people . '' 
 horeft unlocked the back of the caravan . 
 dozens of villagers exit . 
 most were women , children and a few men . 
 they had soil on their faces . 
 dirty brown tunics and some were naked . 
 some were injured by the fire with burned marks on their skin . 
 `` this is only temporary , i promise you all , '' auron told his people . 
 `` we believe in you , sir auron , '' said one of the women . 
 `` please take my daughter with you and get her to safety on the east side of the village . '' 
 a woman picked up hanna . 
 she carried her and went along with the other villagers down the street , away from danger . 
 the rampage had subsided since auron was struck down . 
 there was no more destruction only knights patrolling the village , smoke billowing , dead bodies and debris . 
 the damage was done . 
 the band of the fox was tied up with their hands behind their backs . 
 genie , edd , saron and oseth were guided into the caravan . 
 `` this is not the end . 
 i will get us out of this . '' 
 auron promised as they entered the caravan . 
 the lives of his loyal followers had been endangered because of him . 
 my mercenary days will soon be over , he thought surveying the village , still in awe at the destruction . 
 debris and corpses scattered on the streets . 
 was this the dragon gods way of making him atone for his sins . 
 `` as promised , you come with us and the village will take no more damage . 
 get in the caravan , '' horeft said . 
 auron entered the wagon , wobbling , almost unable to walk due to his thigh wound and his back . 
 for the first time in years , he had surrendered . 
 all he could ponder about was akielas mouthing the location of his village . 
 why would the very man that raised him give away his secret ? 
 who else could have mouthed the location of the village ? 
 auron would have to confront his old master . 
 losing was never an option for him . 
 he will not rest until his ideal utopia is created . 
 long has he dreamt of a home away from the corruption of the world , only to see it turn to ashes ? 
 i will start anew if i have to , it is not over yet , he thought with optimism . 
 horeft sat in the back on the caravan with the band of the fox . 
 the wagon started to move and off they were to the capital city to see king richard . 
 `` try to remain quiet throughout the trip , '' horeft suggested . 
 `` we will be at the capital in two days . 
 no food or water . 
 cast any spell and it will be your death sentence . '' 
 the band of the fox could not speak . 
 they rolled their eyes at each other trying to communicate . 
 hands tied behind their backs . 
 the caravan moved through the bumpy streets of their precious village . 
 they did not want to make eye contact with auron . 
 the truth was still vague . 
 `` horeft , what is the king planning on doing to me once we reach the castle ? '' 
 auron asked seeing torture in his future . 
 he wished to at least speak with king richard . 
 he refused to be executed for a crime that did not exist in his memory . 
 `` good question , '' horeft said and smirked . 
 chapter 7 : a masked solution the requiem played . 
 everyone in the throne room mourned for the loss of the prince . 
 the sainos family members of every branch all came to the castle . 
 from the smallest villages in burnahdujf to the most populated towns . 
 they all heard the news and felt a sense of duty to be by the king 's side . 
 they were all wealthy men and women of all ages wearing the most luxurious of silks in black . 
 even the king wore black to mourn his son and kissed him goodbye to the realm of light . 
 the king sat on his throne next to the queen who held his hand gently and tenderly . 
 tears eyes trickled down their cheeks like dews of sorrows . 
 richard kissed the queens hand with salty lips . 
 she had worked so hard to protect her first-born child . 
 the one who would one day take the throne as richard did . 
 her relatives tried to appease her . 
 nothing but time could cure her pain . 
 `` i knew i should have taken him with me as soon as i saw that assassin , '' the queen talked to herself . 
 richard stared at her as if she was going insane . 
 `` do not say such things , my love . 
 there was nothing we could do . 
 i was powerless to help my own son . 
 the burden is mine to carry and so i will avenge him , '' richard swore and stared into the eyes of his wife , touching her wet cheeks . 
 forehead to forehead , they helped each other ease the pain . 
 the room was filled with chatter . 
 every word of every whisper contained the words `` auron fox . '' 
 the name made richard seethe with hate . 
 he was sure to make him suffer in more ways than one . 
 he was sure to take every precious thing that the mercenary had . 
 however , a disaster was bound to happen at the crowning of the king . 
 the only day in the country with a gap in the law . 
 it would be even worst now that the council of elders was murdered as well . 
 who was to advise richard ? 
 even the king needed guidance . 
 it would take months to find wise and experienced elders in burnahdujf and more importantly , elders that richard could trust with his life . 
 he resorted to keenoth , his right hand . 
 auron fox had surely cluttered the order of sainos . 
 the moment still haunted richard . 
 he can still see , feel , and hear his son shrieking as the blade inserted into his neck . 
 richard would stare into nothingness and startled whenever one of his relatives tried to get his attention . 
 `` pardon me , i did not see you there , my cousin , '' he would tell them . 
 the doors of the throne room had opened . 
 everyone in the room turned their heads to the door . 
 keenoth entered . 
 he made his way through the crowded room to richard . 
 he knelt before the king . 
 `` my king . 
 i have received news from our knights in the east . 
 they sent me a messenger hawk with a scroll . '' 
 keenoth reached inside his robe and took out a scroll of cognac color . 
 he gave it to the king . 
 richard took it and anxiously rolled the scroll open . 
 he read it carefully , his fingers sliding over the paper as he read . 
 the queen curiously peeked as her husband silently read . 
 `` they found him , '' richard said with light in his eyes . 
 suddenly his face beamed , as he looked up at the ceiling feeling victorious and vengeful . 
 `` they are delivering auron as we speak . 
 oh , sweet terramus . 
 the dragon gods seemed to be on my side . '' 
 `` did they find the assassin ? '' 
 the queen asked , wiping her tears , hoping to get vengeance herself . 
 `` yes , my love . 
 the knights have arrested him and burned his village . 
 our prince will be avenged . '' 
 richard kissed his wife . 
 a smile bloomed on her face . 
 `` my king , may i suggest something , '' keenoth said as he knelt . 
 `` go ahead . '' 
 `` if you are to punish auron fox for his crime , as you should , it is best not to kill the man . '' 
 keenoth suggested , he dare not look at king richard in the face as he spoke of auron fox . 
 that name boiled richard 's blood . 
 `` he will die if i command it . 
 keenoth , you of all people should understand unless you have some special relationship with auron that i am unaware of . '' 
 richard persisted with his vengeful decision . 
 the sainos usually rid of their grudge by killing those who have become their enemy . 
 grudge was a trait of the sainos family . 
 `` i have no relationship with auron , your majesty . '' 
 keenoth denied and sweated warm drops on the royal carpet . 
 `` i do not know the man on a personal level but only by his reputation , '' keenoth lied again . 
 `` punishment is a must , but the man has some valuable information that can be of asset to us in the castle . 
 he is a man of power and can help you become a higher figure of authority . 
 i am talking beyond burnahdujf and on to the southern countries , even the west continent . '' 
 richard thought and digested keenoth 's advice . 
 richard nodded his head as he thought . 
 he realized how his anger and grief caused him to miss on benefits for the castle as well as himself . 
 if he simply kills auron for his own vengeful pleasure , then he wo n't be able to extract valuable information . 
 `` keenoth , how did you know of auron 's hidden village ? '' 
 `` i ordered the knights to follow him after the assasination of the crowning day , '' keenoth answered . 
 `` rise , keenoth , '' richard told him . 
 keenoth stood up , hands behind his back . 
 richard stood in front of him with both hands on keenoth 's shoulder . 
 `` i shall leave the punishing of auron to you . 
 i must focus my mind on the war with the south country . 
 keep him alive , but just barely , '' richard whispered . 
 `` yes sir , as you wish , '' keenoth smiled . 
 richard turned back to his throne and snapped his fingers at his knights . 
 `` remove the throne and bring the prince 's coffin . '' 
 the knights hauled the throne away from the king as well as the queen 's chair . 
 the other knights hauled a coffin and placed it on a platform that was behind the throne . 
 the king and queen faced everyone in the throne room . 
 chatter subsided and all of their relatives turned to them . 
 on the throne 's platform , richard saw faces that he was familiar with and faces he had not seen in many years . 
 faces he did not recognize , but the sainos resemblance was there . 
 `` we have gathered here today , '' he began his speech , `` for my son , sarugie , who was next in the throne . 
 he died too young at the hands of an assassin who is soon to pay for his crime . 
 i am happy to inform you that the assassin has been captured and being delivered to the castle as we speak . '' 
 everyone in the room cheered and applauded at the news . 
 keenoth did not speak or make any cheerful movement . 
 `` sarugie was my first child . 
 i failed him as a father . 
 i hope he can forgive me and i hope he can hear me from the realm of light . 
 no child deserves to die so young without experiencing the beauty of life . '' 
 richard turned to the coffin behind him . 
 a knight opened the coffin as the king walked towards it with eyes of sorrow . 
 there lay the corpse of his son , sarugie , with his prince robes , coins on his eyes and hands together placed over his belly . 
 richard placed his hands on the prince 's head and whispered . 
 `` my dear son , if there was a way to bring you back to life , i would do it in a heartbeat . '' 
 ********* after all his sainos relatives left , richard decided that his son would have no burial . 
 sarugie 's body would be kept in the castle 's dungeon . 
 richard did not want to bury his son and neither did the queen , even though they knew it would be unorthodox . 
 traditionally , all sainos family members were given a proper burial in the castle 's graveyard . 
 they had their own cemetery and kept record of their ancestral history . 
 if a sainos family member died out of the country , the body would be taken back home to the sainos graveyard . 
 they kept their blood pure and their family well connected . 
 that night after the funeral , king richard stood at the balcony of his bedroom , staring at the crescent moon with a golden cup of red wine trying to find peace of mind . 
 the queen entered the balcony . 
 she placed her gentle hands on richard 's shoulders . 
 he startled . 
 `` oh , it 's you , my love , '' he sighed . 
 `` i could not sleep either '' the queen said . 
 `` yes , i know . '' 
 they held hands and gazed at the capital city from the third floor . 
 richard turned to his wife and looked at her beauty , trying to find the right words for his thoughts . 
 `` we should have another , '' he whispered into her ear . 
 `` i agree , but you are forgetting about my problem . 
 i am unable to give birth after sarugie , remember , '' the queen held her belly as she spoke wishing her female ability to give light would return . 
 a dark spell that was cast long ago on the sainos family as punishment to the women of the bloodline . 
 a dark magus had cursed the sainos having acknowledged their lust for power . 
 the old magus tried to slaughter the sainos family , but failed . 
 before his death , using his last breath , he summoned a spirit from necrovania , the land of the dead . 
 the dark spirit that forever haunted the sainos women , only allowed them to have one child . 
 if that child was to die , it would go to the realm of light , however , every other child would die after birth and the necrovania spirit would take it . 
 `` ethel has the curse reach you , too ? '' 
 richard asked . 
 `` it reaches all women in the sainos family . 
 that is why i was so protective of sarugie . '' 
 queen ethel sobbed . 
 `` he was my first child and last one . '' 
 she shed tears and rested her head on richards ' chest . 
 the sainos had a long list of enemies and rivals who wanted them dead . 
 their arrogance had caused a lot of pain over the years and still up to this very day . 
 so many had tried to kill them . 
 the sainos feared losing control over their own people . 
 `` one day i will rid our family of this curse . 
 i do n't know how , but i will , '' richard swore . 
 `` there has to be a way . '' 
 `` when will it end ? '' 
 she asked in despair . 
 `` when will what end ? '' 
 richard paraphrased . 
 `` our family curse . 
 the hundred year war with the south . 
 the search for power . 
 the rivals and enemies . 
 when will it end ? '' 
 she grieved and her face deepened with sadness . 
 ethel felt the huge burden that her family had built for centuries . 
 how could they not have grown tired of all the nonsense for so many years ? 
 the sainos name is a cursed name . 
 dying would be her only escape from the world that her family had created . 
 death was better than being hated for so many years . 
 she wished to join her son in the realm of light but she feared she would be destined to necrovania . 
 `` it will all change and i will commit my life to changing the reputation of the sainos name . '' 
 richard promised . 
 `` the madness will end . 
 i do not intend to follow in the footsteps of my ancestors . 
 however , i can not do it alone , ethel . 
 i need you by my side . '' 
 richard looked into her eyes but she turned her face away and he frowned , `` ethel what 's the matter ? '' 
 `` it is not you . 
 i am just stressed out . 
 i am going to bed . 
 my head hurts . '' 
 she kissed his cheeks and exited the balcony of the bedroom . 
 richard felt everything was falling apart , even with his wife . 
 he became apprehensive . 
 for a moment , he regretted becoming king . 
 the wine was getting to him . 
 he gulped down his wine and his head began to spin . 
 `` i will not give up . 
 father , i will do much better than you and the people of burnahdujf will love me . '' 
 `` excuse me , sir , '' a familiar voice came from behind . 
 he spun around . 
 it was keenoth . 
 `` please leave me alone , keenoth . 
 i will summon you when i need you , '' the king said . 
 `` sir , may i ask one question ? '' 
 `` just one and leave me alone for the night , '' the king snarled . 
 `` since your son is gone , who will be next on the throne if you happen to leave this world ? '' 
 keenoth asked . 
 richard froze for a moment . 
 for a second , he had forgotten the wine cup in his hand . 
 `` join me , keenoth , '' he invited his right hand man to the balcony . 
 `` certainly , your majesty . '' 
 keenoth then stood by the king 's side . 
 they both gazed at the capital city lights below . 
 they remained silent for a moment until richard said , `` look at how beautiful it is , keenoth . 
 thousands of civilians below . 
 watching them from up here makes me feel so superior and yet many times i feel the exact opposite . '' 
 `` what do you mean , your majesty ? '' 
 keenoth asked . 
 `` when auron killed my son , i watched sarugie die before my very eyes . 
 i was a coward and begged auron to spare my only son . 
 i got to my knees , i surrendered to him , but he still took my son 's life . 
 i felt so powerless . 
 i am supposed to be the king but that day , i realized how pathetic i truly am . '' 
 `` do not say that , your majesty . 
 do n't think that for a second . '' 
 keenoth tried to cheer the king . 
 `` you are powerful . 
 all you need is to have control . 
 people will listen to you . 
 auron just hated you and decided to take advantage on the day of your crowning . 
 why he decided to kill your son is beyond my understanding . 
 however , you should not allow one man to cloud your judgment . 
 you are better than this . 
 you are a sainos . '' 
 keenoth did not like seeing the king in such a melancholy state . 
 a depressed king meant loss of control over the country . 
 if richard 's mind was not at its sharpest , then the south country would reign over burnahdujf . 
 keenoth 's job was to motivate and encourage the king . 
 help him see light even in the darkest of days . 
 `` keenoth , you have much wisdom in the mystic arts , i recall ? '' 
 richard asked . 
 `` yes i do , sir . 
 i specialize in water magic but i study other arts through books and associates . '' 
 keenoth wondered why the king would ask such a question . 
 richard knew keenoth well enough . 
 `` why do you ask , sir ? '' 
 `` do you know anything about resurrection ? '' 
 `` resurrection ? '' 
 keenoth repeated , disturbed . 
 resurrection ? 
 to bring someone back from the dead . 
 `` your majesty , are you thinking about - '' keenoth dared not finish his sentence . 
 `` i am going to bring my son back from the dead and you are going to help me , '' richard commanded . 
 `` queen ethel is unable to have more children . 
 sarugie was my only son and he will remain the only heir to the throne . '' 
 `` this is madness . 
 this is impossible . 
 no soul can be brought back from necrovania , sir . 
 there is no magic in the world that can perform such a desire . '' 
 keenoth began to panic . 
 he wanted to leave the balcony at that moment . 
 `` are you sure there is no one in the world . 
 you do n't know a soul or some source that has knowledge of a resurrection spell . 
 do n't lie to me , keenoth , i know you very well . '' 
 richard 's voice hissed as he spoke . 
 keenoth began to fear the king . 
 `` i know someone who might have some knowledge of resurrection spells , but i must warn you my king , there will be consequences . '' 
 keenoth trembled as he spoke . 
 he knew what type of magic was required for raising the dead . 
 yes , he feared dark magic in many ways . 
 the dead were nothing to trifle with . 
 `` at this point , i fear nothing . 
 i do not fear death , '' richard said . 
 `` i understand your pain , but why do you want to bring your son back from the dead . 
 why do n't you choose another heir to the throne ? 
 it will be much easier , your majesty . '' 
 keenoth tried to persuade richard but the king was passionate about his decision . 
 there was no changing the king 's mind . 
 `` i will not allow any of the branches of the sainos family to take the throne . 
 as much as i love them , i wo n't allow it . 
 i know them too well . 
 they will reinforce the reputation of the sainos name . 
 the very reputation i am trying to change . 
 i need an heir that i can train , such as my son . 
 an heir that is pure and clean from the corruption of the family . 
 my father did not teach me much about running a country peacefully , but i still remember the small lessons he gave me . 
 i understand our family 's greed and lust for power . 
 that is why i must prevent any other sainos from taking the throne . 
 the sainos are arrogant , ignorant , selfish , and stubborn . 
 the war with the south will never end . 
 either i find a way to make peace , or if i happen to fail , the heir that i will train will carry on my legacy without the cold logic of the sainos . 
 do you understand ? '' 
 keenoth understood perfectly . 
 although he worked in the castle for so many years , he never got along with any of the sainos family members . 
 they had an arrogant and ignorant trait that can forced a man unconsciously to swing his sword with hatred . 
 it was difficult not to hate a sainos . 
 they ran the country and thought highly of themselves . 
 because of their notorious trait some people thought that the sainos would begin to mimic the slavery system from western countries . 
 keenoth knew of this , but always kept silent . 
 `` i understand , your majesty . 
 do not worry . 
 i know someone who can assist you immediately . 
 i shall summon the magus here within an hour . '' 
 keenoth rushed out the balcony . 
 he could not believe that his plans were successfully falling into place . 
 ********** an hour had passed and richard waited for the magus that keenoth had promised . 
 richard continued to drink and refilled his cup . 
 he became drunk . 
 keenoth had allowed him to drink his pain away . 
 the right hand of the king walked in . 
 he gasped at the sight of the drunken king . 
 richard 's face looked drained , almost zombified . 
 `` my king , you are going to destroy yourself . '' 
 keenoth tried to take away the king 's wine cup but his hands were shoved aside . 
 `` never touch a king 's wine cup , you idiot , '' richard insulted . 
 `` yes , my lord . 
 if you are to negotiate with a prospect , i suggest being sober for better decision making . '' 
 keenoth snatched the cup and the king glared at keenoth . 
 `` getting drunk is not a good idea for a king , your majesty , '' keenoth advised . 
 `` when i need advice , i will ask for it . '' 
 `` but sir - '' `` shut up and tell me where is this magus that you spoke of . 
 it has been more than an hour , '' richard yelled . 
 he was more aggressive than usual . 
 `` the magus is on her way here . 
 i would have brought her but she has an unusual way of making and presenting herself , '' keenoth answered . 
 the wind whistled from the balcony and blew harder into the king 's bedroom , as if a storm was approaching . 
 keenoth glanced at the balcony thinking that the magus had arrived . 
 he excused himself from the king and walked to the balcony . 
 king richard followed him . 
 keenoth set the balcony curtain aside . 
 on the parapet of the balcony stood a mysterious person clad in black . 
 the stranger wore a white mask with a triangle opening for the left eye . 
 the white mask had three vertical openings and one horizontal . 
 the stranger 's cloak billowed and revealed her tight clothing that defined her slender body . 
 such a lustful figure under those black garments would make a man drool . 
 she balanced herself at the edge of the balcony but to the eyes of the king , she seemed ready to fall . 
 `` is this the person you spoke of , keenoth ? '' 
 richard asked without taking his eyes of the stranger . 
 `` yes sir . 
 her name is ember . 
 she is rather shy and mysterious , so be easy on her . '' 
 keenoth answered but richard did not listen . 
 the king was mesmerized at the beautiful figure under the black garments . 
 `` are you listening , sir ? '' 
 keenoth asked . 
 `` forgive me , keenoth . 
 you never mentioned how attractive your friend would be . '' 
 richard spoke as if under a spell . 
 `` i always get that reaction from men , '' ember said . 
 she stepped off the balcony 's parapet and slowly descended to the floor . 
 she bowed to the king , spreading her long black cloak as if it were a gown . 
 `` so , my king . 
 keenoth has already informed me of your desire to resurrect your son . 
 i am very sorry for your loss . '' 
 she spoke with a deep feminine tone , polity , but her presence was cold with much enigma . 
 it was difficult for richard to accept her compassion because of that white mask . 
 `` i would like to see the face of the person i negotiate with , '' the king requested . 
 `` with all due respect , your majesty , i must reject your request , '' ember said politely . 
 `` you stand before the king of this country . 
 you will do as the king kindly request . 
 please remove your mask and allow me to see your face , '' richard demanded again . 
 his prospect was stubborn and rebellious . 
 like a solid wall one could not punch through . 
 `` keenoth ! '' 
 richard barked . 
 `` tell your friend to remove her mask . '' 
 `` if i am not allowed to keep my mask , then you can forget about the resurrection of your dear son , your majesty . '' 
 ember turned to the balcony and jumped on the parapet , spreading her cloak as if to take flight . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 the king shouted . 
 `` do n't go , '' he begged . 
 damn it , he thought to himself . 
 richard had never begged anyone to do anything . 
 he was accustomed to commanding people . 
 `` changed your mind ? '' 
 ember asked the king , still facing away from the balcony , ready to take flight . 
 `` ember is your name ? '' 
 `` that is right . '' 
 `` please come in , '' the king invited . 
 keenoth just stood without saying a word . 
 ember jumped off the parapet and followed richard inside his chamber . 
 keenoth served wine in gold cups . 
 they sat across each other on a round table . 
 keenoth sat at a distance away from them . 
 listening to their conversation . 
 `` do you still have your son 's body ? '' 
 `` yes , of course . 
 i decided not to bury him . 
 i just could n't do it , '' richard confessed holding in his sorrow . 
 `` perfect . 
 as long as his body is still in one piece there is hope . '' 
 ember 's voice echoed inside her mask . 
 `` now let me ask you . 
 why do you want to resurrect your son ? '' 
 `` because he is my son . 
 what other reason do i need ? '' 
 `` that is not good enough . 
 the resurrection spell that i intend to use requires desire . 
 simply wanting to revive someone because they are your blood is not enough energy . 
 there has to be a more passionate reason for their revival . 
 that desire must burn in your heart like the sun itself . 
 this is an essential part of the process since you will take part in the ritual . '' 
 richard liked what he heard . 
 her words were true and richard saw how serious she was . 
 keenoth had done a great job in finding a professional magus . 
 `` i want to revive my son , sarugie . 
 he is the only heir to the throne that i will allow . 
 no other must take his place . 
 he is the only one pure enough to accept my teachings . 
 i will not allow any of my sainos relatives to take the throne . 
 they are cold and arrogant . 
 i kept sarugie safe and pure so that he can become a king that the people of burnahdujf will love , much like my father . 
 i love my son and i was not a good father . 
 i would like a second chance and for queen ethel to be happy with her only child in her arms again . '' 
 richard 's eyes were moist . 
 his fingers shivered . 
 he frowned at the very last sentence . 
 `` hmm , interesting , '' ember said after hearing king richard 's motives . 
 `` how touching . '' 
 `` do not mock me ! '' 
 richard banged the table . 
 `` easy now . 
 let 's not get carried away , '' keenoth said , trying to prevent conflict . 
 `` you should listen to keenoth , your majesty . 
 i do n't think you have ever faced a magus in battle before . 
 hehehe , '' ember mocked richard . 
 those harsh words brought him back to that moment when auron murdered his son . 
 he felt powerless again . 
 `` i wo n't pay you if you do n't follow through , '' he tried to threaten . 
 `` you are the one who needs help , my king . 
 i already have my fortunes . 
 i do n't need you . '' 
 ember replied . 
 richard did not like when others talked back to him in such a way . 
 he swallowed his pride , took a deep breath and put a smile on his face . 
 `` how is this going to work ? '' 
 richard calmed his voice . 
 `` i am going to need a sorcery stone called the crimson cosmo jewel . 
 ever heard of it ? '' 
 ember leaned forward on the round table to face the king . 
 `` sorry , never heard of such thing . '' 
 richard said , assuming he did not need to know of such item . 
 `` without the crimson cosmo jewel , i am unable to revive your son . 
 this will be the first step . 
 i need someone to find the stone . '' 
 ember stared at richard . 
 the room was silent for a moment . 
 `` so what are you going to do ? '' 
 richard asked eager to hear a solution . 
 he sipped wine and did not remove his eyes from ember . 
 he foresaw himself playing a part in the resurrection of his son . 
 a part ember did not spoke of . 
 `` you do not know how to find this sorcery stone do you ? '' 
 richard assumed , doubting ember 's own knowledge . 
 `` afraid not , '' ember said . 
 she paused for a moment and continued . 
 `` however , i do know its history . 
 with your resources , i know you can find it . '' 
 `` this is rubbish ! '' 
 richard growled , smashing his fist on the round wooden table , his wine spilled . 
 richard 's sudden anger disturbed keenoth . 
 the bald man jumped from his seat as he sipped wine and choked . 
 `` i thought you had the answers . 
 keenoth brought you here because you know how to bring a person back from the dead . 
 there was nothing mentioned about me having to find some fucking gemstone that you are n't even sure if it exists . '' 
 `` your majesty , relax , '' ember 's said polity and remained under control despite richard 's thunderous behavior . 
 `` it is not keenoth 's fault . 
 blame nothing on him . 
 you must know now if you want to revive your son . 
 this stone is essential . '' 
 `` and where in odealeous is this stone you speak of ? '' 
 richard asked . 
 he hoped he did not have to go out of his way to find this jewel . 
 he did not have the time to venture off anywhere . 
 he would outsource his work . 
 the king must remain in the castle using his mind for his country . 
 `` according to the dragon bible - . '' 
 `` dragon bible ? '' 
 richard interrupted ember . 
 `` does that tome really exist ? 
 my father only told me tales of it when i was a boy . '' 
 richard almost murmured his words and seemed enthused to have heard about the legendary tome . 
 `` it is very real , i only have one copy of the book , '' ember told the king . 
 `` it is said that the crimson cosmo jewel resides in the islands of the west continent . 
 its guardians are a tribe of crimson red hair islanders . 
 they praise the sun and pyramus , the dragon god of fire . 
 the bible says that they are one of the most powerful mages in the world . 
 they have mastered the art of fire to the extreme . 
 they called themselves the amaranth tribe . 
 i have spent years searching for them in the islands of the west continent . 
 i became exhausted searching for the tribe . 
 i read more books and spoke with travelers , men of the sea , pirates , villagers on those islands , and no one had a clear answer . 
 to some , it was nothing but a fairy tale , and some scholars truly believe the amaranth tribe exists . 
 as for those who are magus like myself , our ability to sense maju can help us locate certain people . 
 i was able to sense the tribe 's fiery maju but it disappeared on me . 
 i was close to finding them but the dragon gods were not on my side . '' 
 `` and what makes you think i will succeed ? '' 
 richard crossed his arms ready to give up on the solution for his son 's revival . 
 `` i am not about to send my knights over to the west continent on our ships . 
 perhaps you were not informed , but for many years , we have been at war with the south . 
 i have a battle to attend to . '' 
 ember chuckled and laughed . 
 her laughter echoed inside her white mask . 
 the king became annoyed at her hidden humor . 
 `` what is so damn funny ? '' 
 richard asked , enraged . 
 `` were you not listening to my history lesson , your majesty ? '' 
 ember continued to laugh . 
 `` i heard every bit , '' the king said , `` perhaps i missed something of great importance or you are ignoring my priorities . '' 
 `` i think the wine has clouded your mind , '' ember mocked the king again . 
 her cocky attitude continued to infuriate him . 
 richard stood up from his chair and drank the last bit of wine . 
 he tossed the cup across the room . 
 `` get out of my sight . 
 you are of no help at all . 
 i bet this is a scam just so that you can take my money . 
 i bet you work for the south country and are trying to fool me into sending my troops to the west continent . '' 
 richard began to feel the pressure of his responsibilities and his desire to revive his son . 
 his headache and paranoia did not allow him to think clearly . 
 `` keenoth , escort this masked woman out of my castle or she can fly out . 
 i do n't care . '' 
 he walked away from the table and to the balcony . 
 ember remained seated . 
 `` the crimson cosmo jewel resides in an island with a tribe of red heads . '' 
 ember explained again trying to get through to king richard . 
 `` i heard you already and i told you - '' richard suddenly froze and mused . 
 he repeated ember 's words in his mind . 
 they echoed again and again . 
 he knew he held a key that fits ember 's story to find the jewel she sought . 
 the crimson cosmo jewel resides in an island with a tribe of red heads . 
 who else would have red hair other than the very man he hated . 
 auron fox . 
 the red hair foreigner . 
 the famous mercenary fox , as people called him . 
 no one in the country had scarlet hair like him . 
 burnahdujf 's people were all brunettes . 
 it seemed so out of place and yet just what he needed . 
 was it fate ? 
 perhaps the dragon gods really favored him . 
 call it a fiend 's luck or destiny . 
 whatever it was , richard wanted to believe it . 
 it was so convenient and yet so ironic . 
 `` have you ever heard of the famous auron fox ? '' 
 richard asked the masked woman . 
 `` and here i thought the solution had eluded you , your majesty , '' ember said and chuckled . 
 she stood up to face richard and placed her hand on his shoulder . 
 `` there is always more than hope for those who understand power . '' 
 `` auron fox is of this tribe you speak of ? '' 
 richard asked . 
 `` yes and i assume you know what to do . '' 
 ember said . 
 chapter 8 : king 's request through the steel bars in the back of the caravan the band of fox saw the stone streets of barinos , the capital city . 
 it had been two days since they surrendered in parteh famo village . 
 auron could only pray that his people were safe and the flames had subsided . 
 he had nightmares of his wife and daughter dying over his lies and secrecy . 
 they burned in the fire of his home and his wife cursed him . 
 all the guilt outweighed his melancholy state . 
 as he rode in the back of the caravan , hands and feet tied up , the band of the fox refused to make eye contact with him . 
 he did not blame them . 
 auron knew he deserved the punishment . 
 his pride was hurt and his dream crushed by the tattletale tongue of akielas . 
 the band had nothing to eat for two days , only water . 
 their stomachs growled and they sweated uncomfortably , bound in the caravan . 
 `` are we there yet ? '' 
 oseth asked , his voice was low and weak . 
 auron saw his eyes and they looked drained . 
 `` in a few more minutes we will arrive at the castle , '' horeft informed , `` keep your mouths shut in front of the king . '' 
 he turned his head to auron . 
 `` especially you . 
 you better hold your anger or my knights will make sure you meet your end . 
 you are fortunate enough that the king asked me to bring you alive . '' 
 `` praise the divine dragon . '' 
 auron laughed sarcastically ; somehow , he still had some cheer in him . 
 perhaps it was because he was soon to see the king . 
 he was going to face the man who burned his village . 
 `` do you think i am scare to die at this point ? '' 
 `` i do n't expect the famous mercenary fox to fear death . 
 a man whose job is to take life for profit . '' 
 horeft turned his head and gazed through the steel bars . 
 civilians saw horeft in the back of the caravan and spotted auron sitting next to him . 
 they began to chase the caravan shouting . 
 `` there he is , the prince slayer ! '' 
 chatter spread through the streets as more people saw auron fox as prisoner in the caravan . 
 `` looks like they still love you , auron , '' horeft said . 
 `` they still think of you as a hero . '' 
 auron looked at horeft , gave a smirk and said . 
 `` they think of me as a hero indeed . 
 in case you were n't aware , many people want the sainos dead . 
 do n't tell me you never thought of sticking your sword into king richard 's gut . '' 
 horeft 's mouth widened into a smile , teeth glinting , `` you are as wise as they say , auron . '' 
 `` apparently not . 
 i was not wise enough to see this coming . '' 
 auron frowned and faced the floor . 
 `` it wo n't happen again , '' genie said from across auron . 
 she had not spoken in two days or even looked at him . 
 `` we are still alive . 
 let 's hear what the king has to say . 
 obviously , they confused you with someone else . 
 i know you would not slay the prince . '' 
 auron 's eyes watered hearing genie 's words . 
 `` thank you , genie , '' he murmured . 
 he licked the sweat off his red mustache and faced the floor again trying to withstand the heat . 
 `` it 's our fault , '' edd said . 
 auron almost forgot that edd was next to him . 
 he mulled about the king , his wife , child , and the village . 
 during the two day travel in the caravan , he had forgotten his band members . 
 nothing but nightmares and voices echoed in his head . 
 he could hear his people screaming for help . 
 auron stared outside the caravan through the steel bars . 
 he recognized the area . 
 the stone panel floors and maple trees disappeared into the horizon of the road . 
 the high romantic view of the capital city . 
 he could see all the statues over houses . 
 they were at the entrance of the castle . 
 auron 's heart beat rose . 
 he was eager to speak to richard . 
 he knew he was in no position to badmouth the king as he once did and relished it . 
 for now , auron just wanted to clarify things between them . 
 `` we have arrived , '' horeft informed , `` remember , if you try to cast any spells , resist , retaliate , or any hostile movement , your village will be burned to ashes and you will die as well . 
 are we clear ? '' 
 no answer came from the band of the fox . 
 they were all drained , tired , and hungry . 
 `` we all understand . 
 we are just too tired to speak . '' 
 auron spoke on his friend 's behalf . 
 the caravan stopped moving abruptly as if it had bumped into something . 
 horeft smacked open the steel barred door . 
 he grunted his way out of the caravan , almost struggling with his golden heavy armor . 
 eight knights gathered around him . 
 horeft gestured at the band of the fox to exit . 
 auron jumped out first . 
 in the sun light , he seemed pale . 
 then edd struggled his way out , the knights tried to help him and he shoved them aside with his shoulder . 
 `` i do n't need your help you rusty bastards . '' 
 he insulted them . 
 `` easy now , edd . 
 we do n't want to cause any trouble , '' auron counseled . 
 edd stood by auron quietly and grimaced . 
 next , saron stepped out of the caravan . 
 he jumped down and stood four inches lower than everyone . 
 a knight tried to grab his arm while they were tied behind his back and saron delivered a kick between the knight 's legs . 
 the knight fell to his knees . 
 `` just because i am short does not mean you can man handle me , '' saron said . 
 he is going to wish he wore armor in that area , the short man thought . 
 `` must i counsel you , too ? '' 
 auron said , disappointed at the unnecessary behavior . 
 horeft smacked saron on the back of the head with his armored gloves . 
 saron took the hit and gritted his teeth at the pain . 
 `` stand next to your leader , dwarf , '' horeft insulted as he pushed the short man . 
 saron spun and growled at horeft , knowing he could not retaliate . 
 saron hated being called a dwarf , those short bearded craftsmen . 
 genie jumped out of the caravan and oseth right behind her . 
 genie swayed her head as if she had long hair . 
 she had cut it ever since she joined the band of the fox . 
 her long hair got in the way of battle . 
 she was relieved finally to smell fresh air . 
 being the only female , her nostrils could barely withstand the smell of sweaty men around her . 
 oseth grimaced and wobbled . 
 his head spun after being inside that sickening caravan for two days with no food and only water to survive . 
 a knight tried to grab his binded hands . 
 oseth flinched and breathed fire on the knight 's face . 
 the knight turned his head in time , his helmet blocked the fire but the heat from the helmet burned the side of his face . 
 the knight screamed in pain , removed his helmet and tossed it . 
 another knight came and splashed water . 
 auron could only stare at oseth wondering , since when does he breathe fire ? 
 horeft slapped oseth 's lips with the flat side of his broadsword . 
 he then punched oseth 's stomach , leaving him breathless . 
 oseth fell on his knees gasping for air . 
 `` this will be the last time i repeat myself . 
 if any of you make any hostile moves , you will die and your village will be burned to ashes . 
 are we clear ? '' 
 horeft jerked his head to auron . 
 `` manage your men auron or they will die . '' 
 `` oseth control yourself , '' auron yelled . 
 `` do you want our whole village to burn ? 
 settle down . '' 
 oseth panted , facing the ground nearly kissing the pebbles . 
 sweat trickled down his forehead . 
 his lips chapped from breathing fire . 
 his head continued to seethe with anger regardless of what auron said . 
 genie knelt next to him . 
 she tried to calm him down rubbing her cheek on his . 
 she would have secretly cast a relaxation spell but her hands were tied up behind her back . 
 `` not now , '' she whispered , `` the time will come . '' 
 `` that 's enough ! '' 
 horeft barked . 
 he picked both genie and oseth from their neck collars and brought them to their feet . 
 `` that 's very cute , but you two love birds wo n't be around each other much longer . '' 
 `` i am not with him ! '' 
 genie yelled . 
 horeft backhanded her face with his armored gloves to shut her . 
 genie bled from her lips and her cheek bruised . 
 genie could only growl back . 
 `` keep quiet and come silently , all of you , '' horeft commanded . 
 ********* minutes later inside the castle halls , horeft and his knights guided the band of the fox to the throne room . 
 they went up the stairs to the third floor . 
 they arrived at the large door , horeft pushed it . 
 a red carpet embroidered in complex floral patterns stretched to the king 's throne . 
 there sat king richard sipping wine with queen ethel at his side . 
 four knights in silver armor were by the side of the king and queen . 
 next to the king stood a man in black luxuries armor . 
 the design on the chest plate symbolized a tiger . 
 the man had long brunette hair in queue , his face sharp and his skin pale . 
 `` barvoch '' , auron muttered angrily . 
 it made sense that his only rival would try to frame him . 
 however , barvoch could not have mouthed away the location of the village . 
 auron put a spell on barvoch 's tongue so that he would never speak of parteh famo village when he was in the band of the fox years ago . 
 as much as auron hated the man , barvoch was not the one to blame for the destruction of the village . 
 as auron scanned the throne room , he saw his friend keenoth standing next to the queen whispering in her ear . 
 if anyone would defend him , it would be keenoth . 
 a man he knew since his teen years . 
 the band of the fox entered . 
 genie , edd , saron , and oseth were in awe by the beauty of the castle interiors . 
 oseth had already been inside the castle with auron . 
 the other band members dropped their jaw at the decorations , silk curtains , detailed wall paintings and tidiness . 
 they were not accustomed to such luxury . 
 `` my king , '' horeft said , his voice echoing from the entrance . 
 he paced to the king and the knights behind him pushed the band of the fox towards the throne . 
 once richard saw auron , he smirked . 
 the queen grimaced staring at her son 's killer . 
 barvoch remained solemn next to the king . 
 auron winced at the man in black armor . 
 auron 's intuition told him that barvoch was somehow involved . 
 the band of the fox stood before king richard , with their eyes on the carpet . 
 criminals were not allowed to look at the king . 
 `` kneel down to the king you peasants . '' 
 horeft commanded . 
 they knelt down staring at the floor . 
 auron was in the middle and horeft on the throne 's platform . 
 silence struck the room with only the sound of heavy breathing from the band of the fox . 
 `` finally , '' richard commenced , `` it almost feels like a dream . 
 i wish it had been a dream . '' 
 the king stood up from the throne and walked towards auron as he spoke . 
 `` my question is , how did you manage to conceal a community for such a long time ? 
 the hiding is over . 
 with my resources , nothing is out of my reach . 
 i believe now we are even . 
 you lost many people in your village and i lost my one and only son . '' 
 `` i did not murder your prince , '' auron said , his voice weak . 
 `` i did not give you permission to speak , you peasant ! '' 
 richard roared . 
 he continued to pace around the band of the fox . 
 the queen watched , smiling at auron . 
 keenoth remained silent next to the queen . 
 `` i saw your face , auron . '' 
 richard 's voice became cold . 
 `` that crimson red hair of yours protruded more than a black sheep . 
 i thought about having mercy on you for my father . 
 oh , how much my father loved you over me and i could only seethe with jealousy . 
 but it does not matter now . 
 the loss of my son outweights the jealousy i once had for my father 's attention . '' 
 richard knelt down to face auron . 
 he griped the red hair man 's face and forced him to look into his brown eyes . 
 `` i saw you embed your blade into the neck of my innocent son . 
 do you know how painful that is ? 
 do you know what is like to watch a love one die right before your very eyes and hear them shriek ? '' 
 richard hissed the words on auron 's face , breath reeked of alcohol . 
 `` after you slaughtered so many of my people how could i not know , '' auron said with gritted teeth . 
 `` i did not murder your son . '' 
 richard shoved auron 's face away . 
 he stood up and looked down at the red hair man . 
 `` you dare deny your crime . 
 you selfish heartless foreigner . 
 i bet you do n't even care about this country . 
 i should exile you . 
 i burned your village to show you the pain you caused me . 
 however , that is not enough . 
 you see , my son sarugie is worth hundreds if not thousands of your people . 
 so , i tried to even the score yet it does not suffice . 
 my soul seeks vengeance . 
 i want to make you suffer . 
 i thought of killing you , but i will postpone that . 
 i want to savor your torture . '' 
 richard sat on his throne again with one leg over the other trying to find comfort . 
 there was no better feeling to him than superiority over others . 
 like an eagle gazing down at his prey . 
 to know that someone 's life is at his mercy was more powerful to him than ending his foe 's life . 
 he prefered to bury his enemy alive than dead . 
 he liked his enemy to acknowledge their death right before it happened as their life faded to black . 
 a trait of the sainos . 
 `` horeft , bring me the girl , '' richard ordered . 
 `` yes , your majesty , '' horeft answered . 
 he pulled up genie by her collar and dragged her to the front of the throne . 
 genie found it difficult to stand with her hands tied behind her back . 
 horeft stomped on her face with his steel boots . 
 genie kicked , flailed , and screamed . 
 `` get off of me ! '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 auron yelled and lunged at horeft . 
 two knights ran and knocked him down . 
 they kicked auron with steel boots and punched the air out his lungs . 
 they stood him up again and forced him to stare at genie . 
 `` here is an example of what you did , auron , '' richard said . 
 horeft drew his sword and pierced down into genie 's left arm as he held her down with his boot . 
 genie shrieked . 
 blood gushed out of her arm . 
 edd , saron and oseth could not bear to watch their friend suffer . 
 they were stripped of their weapons but that did not stop them from helping their friend . 
 the three men lunged for horeft , but were immediately stopped by the knights . 
 spears pointing at their throats and swords at their bellies . 
 `` any sudden movement and you will die , '' a knight threatened . 
 edd twisted and broke the spear of a knight and grabbed another by the wrist , disarming him . 
 just as he was about to ram into horeft to save genie , edd felt his body stiffen . 
 suddenly his muscles ached and his stomach hurt , it felt like a snake was swirling inside his stomach , eating his insides . 
 he rolled into a ball on the marble floor holding his stomach from the unknown pain . 
 `` what-is-wrong-with-me ? '' 
 he groaned in pain . 
 `` i admire your friend 's persistence , auron , '' keenoth said , standing next to the queen . 
 the entire throne room turned their heads . 
 keenoth casted a spell on edd , making him ill . 
 `` i specialize in illnesses . 
 my water spells will make you sick . 
 your friend 's muscular body is perfect for the plantation of my viruses . '' 
 auron watched as edd was being manipulated . 
 at that moment , auron knew that keenoth was no longer a friend . 
 keenoth walked towards edd , hands clawed like a hawk 's talons . 
 his spell continued to make edd ill from inside . 
 `` auron , tell your friends to stand down or else . '' 
 `` release the spell , keenoth , '' auron begged , being held by two knights . 
 `` i ca n't . 
 i work for the king now , remember . 
 i am the right hand of the king , '' keenoth smiled . 
 `` i planted a virus in your friend 's body to paralyze him . 
 the more he struggles , the more it hurts . 
 tell your men to stand down . '' 
 `` i will not allow richard to hurt any more of my people ! '' 
 auron roared , eyes wet and his body wounded . 
 `` let go of my comrades . '' 
 keenoth ignored auron and continued to press his spell on edd who rolled on the floor in agony , holding his stomach . 
 keenoth stiffened his clawed hand and inflicted more pain into edd . 
 the band of the fox was disarmed and were held against their will . 
 auron himself could not fight back . 
 the odds were against them . 
 is this the end ? 
 auron thought , i will not surrender to these bastards . 
 `` everyone stand down ! '' 
 auron commanded his band . 
 `` it is best if we do not retaliate . '' 
 `` he is going to kill genie , '' oseth said . 
 `` i wo n't watch her die , auron . 
 i will not watch another friend die . 
 everyone that i lived with in the village died in the fire because of this bastard . '' 
 oseth sobbed , tears ran down his cheeks . 
 for the first time , auron saw him cry . 
 `` king richard , you killed many of my friends . 
 i wo n't let this go . 
 even if i die , i will return from necrovania and haunt you . '' 
 `` do you think i will forgive your friend , auron , for slaying my son ? '' 
 richard argued . 
 `` you should be grateful that none of you will die today . 
 no . 
 i have better plans . 
 you will all become slaves of the castle . '' 
 `` what ! '' 
 auron barked . 
 that word `` slave '' triggered something deep inside him . 
 `` you will not , '' auron growled . 
 `` oh , you will . 
 you bloody red headed bastard . '' 
 richard 's heart rose with excitement . 
 to turn his rival into his slave was more than a victory . 
 for so many years , he detested auron . 
 slavery was not a practice in burnahdujf , however , many kings used it as a last resort for punishment . 
 even a warm hearted sainos like king sargf had used slavery . 
 slavery is a popular practice in the west continents and had yet to become common in the east . 
 everyone could hear barvoch giggle . 
 his high pitch voice always annoyed auron . 
 barvoch paced over to genie who was still being stomped down by horeft . 
 her arm seeping blood on the marble floor . 
 `` may i ? '' 
 barvoch asked horeft , with a feminine swing about him . 
 `` yes , you may , sir barvoch , '' horeft removed his boot from genie 's head , the girl sobbed . 
 barvoch took horeft 's position . 
 he drew his sword , stomped on genie 's back , pressing her down and slided his blade over her skin , cutting her . 
 auron and the band of the fox turned their face away . 
 `` you see , auron . 
 do you feel the pain that i felt when you took my sons life , '' richard spoke with rage . 
 `` feel my pain , auron . 
 feel the sorrow and despair that i. . . '' 
 richard was unable to finish his sentence watching as auron 's body suddenly chirped with sparks . 
 auron lifted two fingers . 
 sparks chirped on his fingertips . 
 his eyes seethed with rage . 
 the two knights that were holding him released him in fear of the sudden sparks of light . 
 everyone distanced themselves from auron , even saron and oseth . 
 `` release my friends at once , '' auron said , voice hoarse and his eyes glowed white . 
 richard became terrified at auron 's sudden rage . 
 the lightning was sure to kill him in an instant . 
 auron illuminated the throne room with his lightning . 
 the queen hid behind her chair . 
 barvoch guarded with his sword to deflect auron 's spell . 
 keenoth was not afraid , having much knowledge about such magic spells . 
 keenoth did not release edd from his spell . 
 horeft was tempted to run as well as his knights , but he feared the king would punish him afterward . 
 `` release my friends now or i will kill everyone in this room , especially your beloved queen , '' auron threatened , lightning dancing around his body , chirping and ready to bolt . 
 `` undo your spell , auron , or my knights will kill your friends , '' richard challenged auron yet frightened . 
 the king trembled on his throne trying to show no fear . 
 for a moment , he thought he had the situation under his control . 
 auron unleashed his lightning upon the knights . 
 he zapped two knights around him . 
 their armor sizzled , their bodies charred and they died . 
 then he zapped four more knights that were surrounding oseth and saron . 
 they died instantly by the shock . 
 at that moment his friends feared him . 
 auron turned to horeft . 
 the armored man began to run to a door west of the throne . 
 auron pointed his sparking fingers at the coward . 
 lightning bolted from his fingertips , within a second the cowardly knight collapsed . 
 lightning was faster than the eyes could see . 
 it was deadly and it became auron 's ultimate weapon at the moment . 
 `` i do n't care if i have to use every last bit of maju in my body . 
 i will kill you too barvoch . 
 release genie at once . '' 
 auron pointed his sparking fingers at his rival . 
 barvoch had his sword ready to deflect the lightning attack . 
 he had his boots on genie 's back , pressing down on the girl . 
 `` i know how to counter your spell , auron , you do n't scare me , '' barvoch said . 
 `` i will kill her before your lightning - . '' 
 auron launched his lightning before barvoch could finish his sentence . 
 barvoch barely blocked the lightning with his enchanted sword . 
 his sword had decreased the impact of the attack but he felt a shock that was more than enough to make him faint . 
 he collapsed on the marble floor . 
 `` that only leaves you , keenoth , and you , richard . 
 you are no threat to me . 
 you are just a mediocre king . 
 your father would have never allowed you to take the throne after his death . '' 
 auron panted , feeling his maju slipping away . 
 his maju had pinched in the very moment he first used his lightning spell . 
 however , such a powerful spell drained him quickly took a toll on his body . 
 if auron continued to burn his maju , then he was sure to faint or die . 
 `` you would n't kill your longtime friend would you , auron ? '' 
 keenoth said pacing towards auron . 
 `` you dare harm my friends . 
 you have become an enemy . '' 
 auron 's eyes glowed white , lightning danced around his body . 
 he stared at keenoth with hate now . 
 the man he once knew turned on him for power . 
 it was not the first time auron experienced such betrayal . 
 those in royalty turned their backs on their friends many times for their own benefit . 
 keenoth had become that man . 
 `` you told the king of the location of my village did n't you ? 
 how did you find my hidden village ? 
 how did you know the entrance spell ? '' 
 `` i followed you , auron . 
 after seeing you murder my knights at the crowning of the new king . 
 i had some trained spies follow you and lead the king 's knights there to raid your home . 
 as for the entrance in your village , i know enough illumancy to dispel your wall . 
 i have changed throughout the years and one day my magic will be more powerful than yours , '' keenoth said and released edd from his spell . 
 edd had fainted from the pain . 
 keenoth smiled and chuckled with his hands inside his long sleeves . 
 `` you bastard ! '' 
 auron screamed and pointed at keenoth ready to launch lightning . 
 `` hold it ! '' 
 richard yelled stepping away from his throne . 
 `` remember auron , your village is under my control . 
 even if i die , my knights will return to your precious home and kill whatever remains . 
 i am your only key to free your people from destruction . 
 do as i command and i shall never trifle with your village again . '' 
 auron 's lightning subsided . 
 his eyes returned to normal . 
 he would not dare risk his village and let his anger reign over him . 
 as a leader , he knew better . 
 the room became tranquil again . 
 corpses lie dead from auron 's lightning . 
 oseth and saron stood at a distance from their leader . 
 the queen was still hiding behind her chair shivering with fear . 
 `` what must i do to free my village ? 
 what must i do for you to keep your mouth shut from my private world ? '' 
 auron asked panting and pacing towards the king . 
 `` keep your distance , auron , '' the king warned . 
 `` i want you to fetch something for me . '' 
 `` a mission ? 
 hah ! 
 you are really trying to replace your father are n't you ? 
 do you seriously think i would take orders from you ? '' 
 confidence returned back to auron 's voice although he was still exhausted since his lightning spell absorbed an enormous amount of maju . 
 `` this is no regular mission , auron . 
 this wo n't be just a horse ride around burnahdujf , '' richard said . 
 `` i want you to go overseas to the west continent from the island in which you came from . '' 
 auron was puzzled . 
 how did king richard acquire knowledge of his background ? 
 hearing richard mention his island made auron feel naked , as if he had been watched for decades . 
 akielas , was the first person that came to mind . 
 no one else knew about auron as much as his old master . 
 why is akielas giving away information about me ? 
 auron pondered . 
 `` and just who told you that ? '' 
 auron rasped , his fingers chirped a spark of lightning again . 
 richard startled at the sight of sparks . 
 `` a little birdie who shall remain unnamed told me of your origins . 
 auron from the amaranth tribe , '' richard teased . 
 `` tell me his name . 
 who was it ? '' 
 auron roared eager to unleash his bolt on richard . 
 `` it is a she not a he . 
 i do n't believe you know the person , '' richard explained . 
 auron withdrew his rage once he heard `` she . '' 
 no women , not even his own wife knew of his origin . 
 people only knew of him as a foreigner . 
 auron never spoke of the country he came from or his culture . 
 he denied it and even tried to forget about it forever . 
 `` i want you to go back to your island and bring me the crimson cosmo jewel . 
 only then , will i release the people of your village . 
 until you deliver the jewel , your people and your friends will be at my mercy . '' 
 richard gained control again . 
 auron sweated with desperation . 
 he knew he had no other choice but to fulfill richard 's request . 
 `` i have never heard of this jewel you speak of , '' auron responded . 
 `` you do n't need to know much about it . 
 all you have to do is get it for me . 
 you already know where to go , '' richard explained . 
 `` i can kill you right now , richard . 
 i wo n't take orders from you . '' 
 auron pointed his sparked fingertips at richard , attempting to strike fear in the king . 
 his options became smaller and smaller . 
 `` you can kill me , auron , but keep in mind that the next king will destroy you and your village for sure , '' richard intimidated . 
 `` and my spells will destroy you from the inside out . '' 
 keenoth 's voice echoed in the throne room . 
 auron had forgotten about him . 
 he looked at his old friend and words were not enough to express his rage . 
 `` you will pay for betraying me , keenoth . 
 i swear it . 
 i will kill you and smile at your corpse for putting my people at risk . '' 
 `` you do not frighten me , auron . 
 you brought this upon yourself when you slayed the prince , '' keenoth replied . 
 `` for the last time ! 
 i did not murder the prince , '' auron roared . 
 `` i have no reason to kill the prince . 
 i know someone framed me and when i find the imposter , he too will die . '' 
 auron then turned back to the king . 
 `` i will go to that bloody island of mine and find your jewel , but you must supply my trip with food and water . 
 and once i return , my village better be in one piece or i will summon fiends upon your castle . '' 
 `` you need not worry about that . 
 i will set up a ship for you , '' the king said . 
 `` i do n't need a ship . 
 i have my own vessel . 
 just one more question . '' 
 auron took a deep breath and paused for a moment . 
 `` how can you promise that you will leave my village in peace and never strike again ? '' 
 richard hesitated to answer . 
 he surveyed the throne room . 
 he pondered as he looked at the dead knights on his rich carpets . 
 he pondered as he stared at saron and oseth who had silently carried genie 's body away . 
 they had not spoken ever since auron revealed his lightning spell . 
 edd 's still lied unconscious on the marble floor . 
 richard 's eyes searched for the queen who had been hiding behind her chair the entire time , shivering . 
 he saw barvoch finally getting to his feet after being shock by auron 's spell . 
 `` auron , i promise you that i will declare peace once you deliver the jewel to me and one more thing , '' richard smiled . 
 he relished every moment of commanding auron . 
 `` your friends must assist barvoch in the war with the south country . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 auron barked . 
 `` do n't involve my friends . '' 
 `` your friends became a part of this since you decided to murder my son . 
 they must pay the price along with you . 
 the band of the fox 's talent will be a great asset to defend this country . 
 besides , you killed so many of my knights . 
 you and your friends will make up for the loss of my men . '' 
 richard and auron stared each other down . 
 one man sought power and dominance , and the other sought total freedom . 
 the only thing they had in common was the passion to kill each other and perhaps their love and respect for king sargf . 
 `` you just want to see them die and you are using me for a treasure hunt . '' 
 auron 's voice haunted richard . 
 the king had yet to make auron suffer as he wished . 
 `` your friends will go to war whether they like it or not , '' richard commanded . 
 `` and they will follow my orders , '' barvoch 's voice echoed . 
 he panted as he propped on his sword , trying to get to his feet . 
 `` hehehe . 
 they will obey my orders and fight in the war . 
 hehehe . 
 and if they refuse , then they will die . '' 
 `` shut up , barvoch ! 
 this is none of your concern , '' auron barked and paced to edd who began to gain consciousness . 
 auron helped his band member get on his feet . 
 keenoth 's spell had stiffened edd 's muscles . 
 the big man struggled to stand up properly . 
 `` can you stand up ? '' 
 auron asked him . 
 `` i have been through worse . 
 sir auron . 
 do not worry about me , '' edd tried to ignore his pain but it was futile . 
 `` tomorrow you will journey , '' richard said . 
 `` i will give you seven days to complete your task . 
 the same goes for your friends . 
 i do not expect the battle with the south country to last more than a week . '' 
 `` i will return before your dead line . 
 just make sure you keep your promise , '' auron said as he walked away . 
 `` you and your friends must be here by tomorrow morning at the castle entrance . 
 i will have one of my knight 's give you supplies . 
 now get out of my castle . '' 
 richard 's back fell on the throne . 
 he breathed deeply and tried to relax . 
 auron helped edd walk , with one muscular arm over his shoulder . 
 oseth carried genie and saron followed the band towards the exit of the throne room . 
 keenoth , barvoch and richard watched them leave . 
 it was indeed a satisfying view for them . 
 after all the commotion , did king richard truly believe that auron could successfully find the crimson cosmo jewel ? 
 ********* the night brought two arcane moons . 
 one small and blue and the other white and larger . 
 people of the capital city streets feasted and gossiped . 
 the streets were filled with whispers involving the king 's name . 
 lights from windows were illuminated with lanterns and caged fireflies . 
 knights patrolled and gave curfews to citizens . 
 the band of the fox rested at an inn by the city entrance that night . 
 saron used all of his money that he won gambling in the village to afford five rooms . 
 fortunately , he hid his money in his boots before the village was raided . 
 they all sat on a round table staring at each other , filling their bellies with rice , plain eggs , water and wine . 
 genie 's left arm was covered with bandages . 
 she had a headache after being stomped with steel boots . 
 edd 's muscles were loosening up . 
 saron and oseth were oddly quiet . 
 auron was in deep thought , staring at his bowl of rice . 
 his mind was far away to the blissful days when he first began to build the hidden village with his followers . 
 he daydreamed of the day of his ideal utopia . 
 as goal driven as he was , doubt lingered his mind . 
 he thought of giving up his dream of the perfect village . 
 he began to feel the weight of the world he was creating and pounded the wooden table , forcing everyone 's meal to jump . 
 `` what is wrong with you ? '' 
 saron asked , holding on to his bowl that had almost fallen off the table . 
 `` he has the right to be angry . 
 let him be , saron , '' edd advised , stretching his arms , still feeling a bit stiff . 
 `` i still ca n't believe that we are being forced to go to war . 
 for so long we have avoided missions that involved a war with the south . '' 
 `` it was bound to happen eventually . 
 the war with the south country is unavoidable , '' genie said . 
 `` of course , king richard wants us to go to war . 
 he can not kill us because we are the best . 
 as he said , ` we are an asset ' . '' 
 genie drank wine and ate from her bowl . 
 they all felt tremendous relief since they had been without food for two days . 
 `` it does not matter . 
 i will go to war , spill the blood of the south country and return alive . '' 
 oseth was as energetic as ever . 
 he always had lumber for the fire even at desperate times . 
 `` however , that is not what worries me ? '' 
 oseth turned his head to auron . 
 he looked at his leader 's face and noticed that auron 's mind was somewhere else . 
 oseth slapped him , bringing the red hair man back to reality . 
 `` argh ! 
 what was that for ? '' 
 auron snarled , digging into his eyes with his knuckle as if he had awoken from deep slumber . 
 `` you dozed off . 
 i think you need bed rest , '' oseth suggested . 
 `` you need your strength to finish that mission tomorrow , sir auron , '' saron said , stuffing rice in his mouth . 
 `` oh yes , about that , '' oseth added , `` i got lost during that conversation . 
 why is king richard sending you overseas to the west continent ? 
 he said that you were from some tribe . '' 
 `` this is no time to talk about my origin . '' 
 auron dodged the subject and drank warm water . 
 `` i heard something about an amaranth tribe , '' saron followed . 
 the two were very talkative and always dug deep into conversations . 
 `` he called auron an amaranth , '' said oseth . 
 `` is n't that like a red flower . 
 strange name . '' 
 saron rubbed his chin in thought and ignored his food . 
 `` i believe it is a red flower that blooms many petals in a star shape . '' 
 `` i thought amaranth flowers were round and bulky . 
 i heard it never fades and can invigorate a person . 
 i even heard tales of it giving immortality . '' 
 genie joined the conversation . 
 the topic seemed to help them forget about their troubles . 
 `` but what does that have to do with auron journeying overseas ? '' 
 `` it has something to do with the crimson jewel or something , '' saron said and then turned to auron . 
 `` what was the king speaking of ? '' 
 auron did not answer . 
 he was way too tired and he hated speaking of his origin . 
 for auron , there was nothing worse than not knowing where he belongs . 
 he had created his home and now he has to journey and fight to protect it , yet he was not sure if richard would keep his oath . 
 `` is this all you can think about ? '' 
 auron 's voice ascended . 
 `` you have no idea if that bastard of a king is burning our home as we speak and all you can think about is where i come from . 
 i do n't care about my past . 
 all i care about is my people and my band . 
 i want to hurry and get this mission over with so that we can relocate the village . 
 not only that , but this son of a wanton that framed me , he fooled the king into thinking i murdered the prince and now i must pay the price for his bloody crime . '' 
 `` sir , we are all paying the price , '' oseth interrupted . 
 `` that is not the damn problem ! '' 
 auron roared on oseth 's face . 
 oseth stood up wiping the spit off his face . 
 `` you do n't have to say it in my face ! '' 
 oseth yelled . 
 `` we are all in this shite because of you . '' 
 auron and oseth stood up staring at each other . 
 their eyes met with rage . 
 `` now listen here , you , '' auron rasped , `` do n't blame this on me . 
 you decided to become a part of this the very day you joined the band of the fox . 
 do n't even make yourself the victim now . 
 this is so much bigger than you . '' 
 `` stop it ! 
 both of you stop ! '' 
 genie yelled . 
 `` we should n't be fighting each other . 
 aim your anger at king richard . '' 
 oseth turned away and headed for his assigned bedroom . 
 `` i am going to bed , '' he said , entering his room and slammed the door shut . 
 auron sat , frowned silently and tried to finish his meal . 
 the band was quiet for a moment until saron decided to speak . 
 `` oseth has such a temper . '' 
 `` shut up saron , '' edd told the short man . 
 `` no , '' auron said in a relaxed manner . 
 `` it is fine . 
 i should n't have angered the boy like that . 
 i think we all should follow oseth 's example and get some rest . 
 we must fulfill our mission for the good of our people . 
 tomorrow , i must go to an island in the west continent . 
 the island from where i came . 
 king richard wants to find a jewel that he craves for whatever purpose . 
 you all must attend the war and return safely . 
 i trust in your ability to survive and come back alive . '' 
 `` we will , sir auron , '' edd cheered . 
 `` we wo n't die in battle that easy , '' genie added . 
 `` we must live for everyone in the village and protect the peace we created , '' saron preached . 
 `` sir auron , i do n't care if your hair is red , blue , purple or white . 
 i see you more of a king than that richard . '' 
 `` hahaha . 
 you are too kind . '' 
 auron smiled and prayed to the dragon gods for the quest to come . 
 ********* after the commotion with auron and king richard in the throne room . 
 keenoth went to his chamber in the west tower . 
 one of the safest rooms in the castle . 
 up the stairs he went , and plotted his next move . 
 he was confident about the future . 
 the stage is set , he thought . 
 auron will be gone tomorrow and whether he returns with the jewel or not , that will give me enough time to persuade richard . 
 i will assist him with the war . 
 i will help him win the war . 
 once he is done getting his hands dirty then my time will come . 
 a new king shall rise and bury the sainos name in the historical pages of burnahdujf . 
 i will rule this country and build an even bigger empire . 
 i will be that king who makes this country the center of all wealth in the world . 
 after all , the four legendary brothers of burnahdujf built this country to be the wealthiest . 
 i will gladly carry on their legacy without the sainos name branded on me . 
 instead , people will remember the name keenoth . 
 king keenoth ruler of burnahdujf . 
 men like auron fox wo n't be remembered . 
 his name will vanish in the minds of the people . 
 history remembers kings not mercenaries , knights or warriors . 
 and soon my powers will be greater than ember 's . 
 that masked she-devil will not stand in my way either . 
 keenoth arrived at the door to his chamber . 
 he twisted the knob and pushed the door open . 
 as he stepped in with the squealing sound of the door , he startled at the sight ember standing by the window . 
 his room was tidy of royal blue , green and indigo color silks , curtains and carpets . 
 seeing ember in the room brought to it a vile vibe . 
 `` do you know how to use a door ? '' 
 keenoth asked , closing the door behind him . 
 `` i am rather shy around people and prefer not to be seen by anyone in the castle , '' ember said , covering her body with her long wide cape much like a bat with fleshy wings . 
 `` i would have joined you in the throne room and see auron at his lowest , but i had a meeting to attend to . '' 
 `` a meeting ? '' 
 keenoth asked himself . 
 `` there are more freaks like you dressed in all black with a white mask . 
 sounds like one hell of a costume party to me , '' keenoth mocked as he sat on his bed and removed his shoes . 
 `` let me ask you something , '' he said as he loosened the belt around his waist that hid under his round belly . 
 `` do you think auron will find this jewel you seek ? 
 the man is journeying to the west continent . 
 for all we know , he might die or get lost in the way or eaten by some hungry sea creature . 
 why would he return once he is with his people ? '' 
 `` you do n't know the man like i do . '' 
 ember 's voice echoed inside her mask . 
 she leaned on the wall by the window , glimpsing outside . 
 `` auron never did speak to me about his origin , little less that village he had been hiding for a decade . 
 that man is full of mysteries , '' keenoth scratched his goateed beard . 
 `` he was always rather odd and stood out because of that crimson red hair of his . 
 however , let 's say if he does return with the jewel you so crave , are we simply going to allow him to return to his village ? '' 
 `` absolutely not . 
 once he returns and delivers the jewel to me , i will kill him , '' ember said . 
 keenoth suddenly stood up and winced at ember . 
 `` why would you kill him ? '' 
 `` oh , i see you still care about your old friend 's life do n't you ? '' 
 ember chuckled . 
 `` do n't worry . 
 in that case , i will let him live . '' 
 `` do n't get me wrong . 
 i care not if he lives or dies , '' keenoth said , pacing to a table with a wine bottle and other alcoholic beverages . 
 he served himself some wine , sniffed the cup and drank away his memories of the old days . 
 suddenly , someone knocked on the door . 
 `` you should hide , '' keenoth whispered , `` if you do n't want to be seen , that is . '' 
 `` nothing to worry about . 
 it 's that fool barvoch , '' ember foresaw . 
 `` how do you know ? '' 
 keenoth asked and went to open the door . 
 as ember predicted . 
 barvoch entered the room . 
 `` we need to talk , '' barvoch said as soon as the door opened . 
 `` about what ? '' 
 `` i want you to kill auron or we have no deal , '' barvoch replied , closing the door behind him . 
 `` done , '' ember did not hesitate to agree . 
 her mind was set from the very beginning of their partnership . 
 `` what ? '' 
 keenoth snarled . 
 `` do you have a problem with that ? '' 
 barvoch asked staring at the bald man . 
 `` no . 
 not at all . '' 
 keenoth answered . 
 he was soon to gain everything he desired but could he bear to know his friend was soon to die ? 
 ********* morning came . 
 the band of the fox waited at the center tower of the castle 's entrance just after the mermaid bridge . 
 rested and rejuvenated . 
 armors ready but still no weapons . 
 they focused on their mission and prayed together . 
 they were given seven days to complete their mission . 
 the band of the fox never went anywhere without auron . 
 he was the head of the team and their village . 
 auron disliked going on missions without his band . 
 he had gathered his team for a reason . 
 it was also the first and only mission they had done without pay . 
 but the promised reward was much more important than any amount of gold . 
 the entrance doors opened . 
 from within , barvoch and his men in black armor walked out . 
 behind them , knights in silver followed . 
 they marched out of the castle and on to the bridge in a phalanx . 
 barvoch and his men approached the band of the fox , carrying their supplies and weapons . 
 `` the band of black tigers . 
 you are the king 's delivery boys now , '' auron mocked . 
 `` here i thought you had no sense of humor , auron . 
 i am leading this army to fight in the war . 
 once we return victorious , i will be an icon to this country . 
 my name will be higher than yours , '' barvoch bragged . 
 `` good luck with that , all mighty tiger . 
 let us have our supplies . '' 
 barvoch tossed a bag to auron . 
 it was full of rations for his trip . 
 food and drinks safely covered and wrapped with long green leafs . 
 `` do n't forget your sword . '' 
 barvoch tossed auron 's saber . 
 he grabbed his sword and quickly slashed the air , testing it . 
 it felt good to have his blade back in his hands . 
 the weight of the sword returned a higher sense of power to auron as well as confidence . 
 he slided his fingers over the flat side of the sword , tempted to kiss it as if a woman had returned to his arms . 
 it was not the sword itself but the power it gave him . 
 wielding it made him feel stronger , like a bull with his horns . 
 just two days ago , he felt crippled without it , like a bird with a clipped wing . 
 genie received her spear and a short sword she carried on her waist . 
 edd acquired his hammer and axe . 
 saron received his bow and arrows as well as his daggers that he hid inside his belt . 
 oseth 's pride rose with his twin swords . 
 he swung them and collided the blades together . 
 `` finally , '' he sighed in relief . 
 `` to think that steel can make a man feel better about himself . '' 
 `` you speak as if your swords were a woman , '' genie commented . 
 `` i ca n't say i blame him . 
 i felt naked without my bow and arrows for some reason . 
 it is a part of me , '' saron confessed . 
 `` enough talk . 
 we move south now . '' 
 barvoch ordered following the knights over the bridge . 
 his men followed . 
 the band of the fox turned to auron . 
 faces frowned and eyes narrowed . 
 they had no words but the silence spoke much deeper . 
 `` everyone do your best . 
 hands together . '' 
 auron placed his hand in the center of the group . 
 then genie placed her hands over his . 
 `` tails for the fox , '' she said . 
 saron placed his hand over genie 's . 
 a pair of three hands in the center . 
 `` the fox brought us together and turned us into a family . '' 
 edd joined in and placed his thick hands over saron 's . 
 `` i do n't know what i would be doing without the band of the fox , '' edd confessed . 
 the four turned their heads to oseth who was still playing with his swords trying to avoid the sentimental group unity . 
 `` come over here you hot head , '' auron said . 
 `` do i have to ? '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 oseth swallowed his pride . 
 he sheathed his swords away and placed his hand over edd 's . 
 five hands together . 
 smiles returned to their faces . 
 `` this fox has five tails . 
 so the legend says , the more tails a fox has , the wiser , stronger and the longer the fox lives . 
 let 's not allow this fox to lose any tails . 
 we must return alive and hopefully the fox will grow more tails when we return home , '' auron preached . 
 at that moment , they all stared at each other . 
 having heard auron preached , they remembered the tale of the legendary fox spirit that auron told when he first formed the band . 
 the mystical fox who became stronger everytime it grew a new tail . 
 the band of the fox would gather around in a campfire to hear auron tell stories of the fox spirit . 
 these tales always brought them together . 
 auron watched his band members following behind barvoch 's army . 
 he breathed hard through his nostrils and felt adrenaline rush through his body . 
 he clenched his fist thinking about richard . 
 that bastard richard . 
 auron was forced against his will to travel back to his island . 
 he walked with his bag over his shoulder to the grassy field of the castle just southwest of the entrance . 
 he glanced at the army marching down the stone path away from the castle . 
 the band of the fox waved goodbye at him . 
 the grass was a few inches up to his ankle . 
 no trees blocked the wind for the spell he was about to cast . 
 auron placed his bag of supplies on the grass , clapped his hands together , and prayed . 
 `` i call thee all mighty wind spirit , '' he chanted . 
 his maju forced the winds to blow harder . 
 he could hear the wind whistling . 
 auron then drew his sword and slid the tip of his right index finger . 
 blood gushed out and he painted a pentacle on his hand with blood . 
 he clapped his hands together again with blood sliding down to his wrist . 
 auron prayed . 
 the pentacle of blood on his hands shone . 
 auron got down to one knee and pounded the ground with his bloody palm . 
 `` aerobos garuda ! '' 
 he yelled . 
 suddenly the ground lit up . 
 the pentacle expanded shining yellow . 
 the illustration he had drawn on his hand now shined like the realm of light . 
 the wind gusted harder . 
 auron stepped out of the magic circle and watched his spell complete itself . 
 suddenly like an arrow , a creature bolted out of the circle . 
 it ascended high into the sky . 
 as it reached the height of the castle , it stopped and spread its wings . 
 it was shaped like a human but with talons for feet and claws for hands , the head of a dragon and the beak of an eagle . 
 its wings were red outside , blue and black on the inside . 
 its body feathers were black and yellow stripes trailed down its chest . 
 the beast looked fierce from above . 
 the creature stared down at the army of men on the stone path of the castle . 
 the king 's army saw the giant bird like creature flapping its wide wings in the sky at the height of the castle . 
 the sight forced them to pause with fear . 
 even barvoch silently trembled at the sight of the beast . 
 it looked ready to swoop down and claw at one of his men . 
 the giant creature descended to its summoner causing a gust as it flapped its wings and landed slowly on the grass in front of auron . 
 the winged creature knelt down . 
 auron approached it fearlessly . 
 it was fifteen feet taller than he was , kneeling down . 
 the creature lowered its head down to auron . 
 the red hair man patted its black beak and rubbed the fur of its head . 
 `` it has been a long time , garuda . 
 it is time we fly again . '' 
 garuda was the first eedahlan ; summon spirit , that auron made a pact with in the limbo . 
 when his master akielas introduced him to the limbo , the twilight world , auron found a small shrine at the very top of mount sainos in burnahdujf . 
 he was able to enter the limbo praying by the shrine and found garuda 's spirit and made a pact with the creature . 
 whenever he summons the creature , it is able to take on its physical form in the human world . 
 `` take me to the islands of the west continent . 
 we fly again , garuda . '' 
 auron mounted the creature 's back carrying his bag of supplies . 
 garuda shrieked and flapped its wings , ascending higher than the castle then ; it turned west and flew away into the sky , fading in the horizon . 
 chapter 9 : revealing she was near . 
 akielas could sense her . 
 where could you be ? 
 he thought . 
 his silver dragon flew through the sky . 
 her presence was strong . 
 for many days he had been sensing her maju . 
 it was powerful , it brought sweat to his forehead and there was an odd vibe in her maju that hinted at evil . 
 frightening and devastating . 
 akielas was amazed at how much her magic had increased . 
 his own pupil had turned her back on him like all the others , except auron . 
 perhaps i ask too much of them , he pondered with guilt wishing he had the power to change time . 
 wishing there was a spell he could cast to redo it all again . 
 his hair streamed in the wind and his cloak billowed . 
 suddenly , he felt a warm sensation on his chest by his heart . 
 he inserted his hand inside his chest plate and pulled out a pendant . 
 the center jewel luster a dark purple color with a gold and silver base . 
 it glowed purple . 
 every time the pendant shined , it could only mean one thing , another user was near . 
 the pendant of immortality was able to save anyone from death even if the person was seconds away from dying . 
 the dark magic of the cursed pendant protected the person 's soul from reaching necrovania , the realm of the dead . 
 akielas wore it ever since his apprentices betrayed him . 
 could there be another pendant user nearby ? 
 akielas gazed down at the land . 
 he could see leagues ahead . 
 from a small village below , to the rising sun on the horizon . 
 akielas had found other pendant users . 
 kings and the most unusual people in the world have possessed the dark magic of the immortality pendants . 
 some thought of the pendant as a blessing but akielas was never oblivious to its curse even with the powers it had given him . 
 although he wore it , he swore to discard it the day his mission on odealeous was over . 
 `` i must postpone the search for ember . 
 the pendants are a higher priority . '' 
 akielas removed the pendant from his neck and it hanged from his hand . 
 it continued to glow a dark purple color . 
 the pendant cast a black haze around itself . 
 the haze left a trail as the wind rushed through akielas . 
 it pointed north with a ray of purple light . 
 the beam flickered as the pendant spun hanging from its chain . 
 `` it is pointing towards the sainos castle . 
 why am i not surprise ? 
 richard must be the new owner of the pendant . 
 it rightfully belonged to king sargf . 
 does that boy really think he can replace his father ? 
 i must have a word with him . '' 
 akielas ' silver dragon descended lower towards the capital city . 
 as he entered the capital area , he cast an invisibility spell over himself and his silver dragon . 
 he did not want to attract any attention . 
 the silver dragon flew over the capital 's market district , unseen by anyone . 
 akielas glanced down at the city streets . 
 he felt ember 's presence in the city . 
 her maju felt hot like waving ones hand over a candle . 
 it was a dilemma for akielas whether to find the pendant of immortality , or descend to the city streets and hunt for ember . 
 difficult choice . 
 he had to get the pendant away from the current owner . 
 this could also be the best time for him to find ember before she left to another location . 
 akielas had been chasing ember for years still unable to find her . 
 he had to get rid of his apprentice not only for her betrayal but for the evil she intended to summon upon the world . 
 his apprentice had acquired an unknown power that akielas feared . 
 for the moment , he ignored her presence . 
 akielas ' silver dragon flew towards the castle . 
 behind the city buildings , the castle had three towers connected to a center tower . 
 akielas knew the castle well . 
 king sargf was a friend of his . 
 he had heard whispers about king sargf 's death and wanted to visit the castle . 
 akielas squinted at the center tower . 
 on the third floor balcony , he spotted him . 
 his dragon roared and descended . 
 akielas unbuckled his saddle belt and stood up on the dragon 's back . 
 the wind lashed his face as he stared down at the balcony . 
 `` cleyross , remain in the skies . 
 i will call thee later , '' he told his dragon . 
 the beast growled and tilted its body . 
 akielas allowed himself to fall . 
 diving down like an eagle . 
 he swayed his hands in an orbital motion releasing his maju . 
 the air current circled his body , reducing the weight of his fall . 
 he somersaulted , his feet pointed down to the balcony . 
 the weight of his fall reduced to as light as a feather . 
 the wind gusted down on king richard as akielas landed . 
 there he stood in front of richard who cowered at his presence . 
 the king 's lips quivered and his eyes dare not blink or look away . 
 the wind settled and two men stared at each other like strangers for a moment . 
 richard squinted at akielas as if he recognized him . 
 `` sir akielas ? '' 
 richard raised an eyebrow . 
 `` in the flesh , '' akielas responded . 
 arms crossed and his cloak cascade from his shoulders . 
 `` is really you . '' 
 richard 's fear faded . 
 he stepped forward . 
 `` you look as if you have seen a ghost . 
 do n't you remember me ? '' 
 `` barely , but i do know that face . 
 akielas is your name , '' richard tried to recall . 
 `` why the surprise visit , sir akielas ? '' 
 `` all these years and you ca n't even give this old man a proper welcome ? '' 
 akielas teased . 
 `` the king does not bow to his subjects , '' richard stated , politely . 
 `` has the culture suddenly changed in this country ? 
 i never had to bow to greet someone . 
 your father would have given me a bear hug . '' 
 akielas laughed with an attempt to persuade richard . 
 `` i rather not demonstrate such affection to a man who does not respect his king . 
 chiming into my balcony from my castle skies . 
 such hostility . 
 i should have your head for such rudeness . '' 
 `` yes , you are right , '' akielas agreed . 
 `` i am rather in a hurry and did not intend to startle your majesty . 
 i came to visit and to talk . '' 
 he knelt . 
 his humbleness won the hearts and respect of many people . 
 he knew how to put people at ease . 
 `` that is much better . '' 
 richard breathed easily and in satisfaction seeing akielas kneel to him . 
 `` next time , please enter by the front gate like everyone else does . '' 
 `` please my king , forgive me . 
 like i said , i am in a hurry and wish only to speak with you if i may . '' 
 akielas persisted . 
 he was not planning on leaving until he spoke with richard . 
 many questions filled his mind as well as finding that pendant in the castle . 
 not only did he sense the maju of the pendant but also essence of darkness in the castle walls . 
 he tried to detect sargf 's soul but he received no ghostly chills or vibes . 
 `` very well . '' 
 richard sighed . 
 `` come in to my chamber and we can converse over a cup of wine . '' 
 he could not deny akielas a chance to speak . 
 he foresaw akielas asking vile questions . 
 he will ruin me , the king thought . 
 ever since akielas first met his father sargf , richard was always disturbed by the man , no matter how kind he was . 
 just that one person that irritated him for god knows what reason . 
 perhaps it was his wit , or maybe he envied akielas . 
 he spread the curtain of the balcony and entered his room . 
 a small room with only a royal gold embroidered bed . 
 a table with wine and bread . 
 a mirror by the bed and paintings of the sainos family around the room . 
 the king took a golden cup and poured wine for both him and akielas . 
 richard did not bother sitting as his mind was busy with countless worries . 
 akielas took a seat , grabbed the cup of wine and slowly drank . 
 not much of a drinker . 
 akielas was a man who liked to keep his mind sharp and avoided such poison . 
 he sipped from the cup to please the king and cleared his throat from the strong alcohol . 
 `` speak , '' richard said bluntly as he paced around the room . 
 `` will the king face his subject when conversing ? '' 
 akielas asked . 
 he wanted to see into richard 's soul when speakings as well as his lies . 
 the king could not face him without rolling his eyes . 
 richard looked at akielas and grimaced . 
 `` you ask too much of me . 
 speak . 
 you only have a moment before my next meeting . 
 make haste . '' 
 `` as you wish your majesty , '' akielas began . 
 `` i came here for two things . 
 first , there is a pendant that your father wore that i need . 
 if you have it my king , i ask that you return it to me . '' 
 `` pendant ? 
 my family possess many fine jewelry . 
 you need to be more specific . '' 
 richard took a sip of wine and tried to meet eyes with akielas as they spoke . 
 `` i will show you . '' 
 akielas reached inside his chest armor . 
 he removed the pendant from his neck . 
 it activated beaming a purple ray , pointing at richard 's chest . 
 it spun hanging from akielas hand and flickered its light indicating at another pendant . 
 `` do not cast your magic in the king 's room , '' richard raised his voice , frightened at the sudden beam of light . 
 `` i am not doing anything , your majesty . 
 the pendant activates on its own when there is another one nearby . 
 it seems like you have one hanging around your neck . '' 
 akielas smiled knowing that richard could not hide anything from him . 
 he was wiser than the king . 
 as i predicted , akielas thought , but he feared the worst yet to be revealed . 
 richard removed the pendant from his neck . 
 it glowed purple and casted a black haze around itself . 
 it was a mesmerizing sight . 
 the purple light made the user think of necrovania . 
 like walking into the dark realm with a violet lantern . 
 `` your father wore it around his neck . 
 do you know what abilities the pendant possesses ? '' 
 akielas ' low tone of voice haunted richard . 
 he was sure to have nightmares later tonight . 
 `` my father told me the pendant gave its owner eternal life . 
 what of it ? '' 
 `` exactly , your majesty , now for my second question . 
 tell me why your father is dead ? '' 
 akielas looked at richard solemnly and eagerly waiting for the king to answer . 
 the king walked around the room , one arm behind his back and the other holding his gold cup . 
 akielas saw richard 's cup slightly shaking . 
 the king 's hand trembled . 
 silence struck making akielas impatient . 
 richard stalled entering the balcony . 
 `` why is your father dead , richard ? 
 what caused him to die ? '' 
 akielas repeated . 
 `` he died of an illness , '' richard finally answered . 
 `` he was not wearing his pendant . 
 the illness got to him . 
 his heart could not withstand the pain and his body gave out . '' 
 `` where was the pendant ? '' 
 akielas asked . 
 `` someone stole it . 
 a band of thieves sneaked into the castle and somehow managed to find it . '' 
 richard inhaled and stared at his paintings with a frown . 
 `` of course with something so rare , someone was bound to try and steal it . '' 
 `` no one ever tried to steal it because no one knows about it . 
 i assure you that no one in this country knows about the pendants . '' 
 akielas stood up from his chair leaving his wine behind . 
 he clenched the immortality pendant in his right hand and pressed it on his chest . 
 `` only you , your father and i know of this pendant . 
 i know because i brought it from another land and share it with sargf . '' 
 `` disappointing that someone else knew your secret . '' 
 richard 's eyes were red , damped . 
 `` perhaps your foreign enemies followed you to burnahdujf . 
 who else would try to steal your belongings ? '' 
 `` no one knows of the pendants , richard . 
 whoever stole your father 's pendant wanted him to die ? 
 do you understand ? 
 and only you knew of the pendant . '' 
 akielas placed the pendant over his neck and tucked it inside his chest plate . 
 `` if the necklace was stolen , why is it in your hands now ? '' 
 `` my father had sent the band of the fox on a mission to find the pendant . 
 when the mercenaries returned from the mission , he died and someone had to take the throne , so i took possession of the pendant once the mercenaries returned it . '' 
 richard paused and took a deep breath . 
 he felt naked in the presence of akielas being asked so many questions . 
 `` your time is up , akielas . 
 i hope i helped answer your questions . 
 now i must ask you to leave . 
 my guest will be arriving soon . '' 
 `` the law of causality has its ways . 
 i just hope you are not a catalyst of these events , '' akielas commented . 
 `` and if i was ? '' 
 richard snarled . 
 `` then it will become my problem as well , and i will take it out upon you , '' akielas insulted . 
 `` i must have the pendant back , your majesty . '' 
 `` can you say you are the rightful owner of the pendant ? '' 
 `` of course . 
 otherwise , i would not be here . 
 unless your father put you on his will for the pendant . '' 
 akielas had cocky smile . 
 victory was his and richard relinquished the pendant . 
 the king tossed it unpleasantly . 
 `` now get out ! '' 
 richard barked . 
 `` just one more thing . '' 
 `` make haste will you ? '' 
 `` about your son 's death . 
 do you know who the killer is ? '' 
 akielas asked . 
 `` it was auron fox . 
 the mercenary my father hired to find the pendant . 
 the bastard murdered my son in cold blood . '' 
 richard 's eyes watered . 
 akielas was disturbed to hear that auron committed such a crime . 
 he was silently in disbelief . 
 that is a lie ; auron would never , akielas thought . 
 `` have you confronted the mercenary ? '' 
 akielas asked trying to squeeze more information out of richard before he departed . 
 `` confronted is not the word , sir akielas . 
 i made sure that bastard suffered . 
 he is currently running an errand for me as punishment . 
 a dreadful one i dare say , for he is not compensated for it . 
 why do you ask ? '' 
 richard was eager for akielas to leave . 
 `` curiosity , your majesty . 
 may i ask where this man is ? '' 
 `` hahaha . 
 oh you wo n't find him in this country . 
 he journeyed to an island in the west continent to search for a special item for me . 
 hahaha . '' 
 richard laughed and was glad that the subject of the pendant was over . 
 `` thank you very much , your majesty . '' 
 akielas bowed and stormed out of the king 's room and to the balcony . 
 he whistled like an eagle 's shriek with two fingers in his mouth . 
 he gazed up at the sky and heard a loud roar . 
 his silver dragon appeared diving down from the clouds . 
 the dragon swooped down , orbiting the castle and descended lower for his summoner . 
 the beast was fast and gusted winds so strong that it felt like a storm was coming . 
 the dragon roared at his master and glided below the third floor . 
 akielas jumped down from the balcony accurately landing on the dragon 's back . 
 `` fly west , '' he told his dragon . 
 `` auron , i know where you are going . 
 you will die if you return to that island . 
 i fear you might not survive the amaranth tribe . '' 
 the silver dragon ascended turning west . 
 its wings thud moving through the air as fast as it could . 
 the wind lashed akielas ' face . 
 he had to hurry and save his apprentice from walking into a death trap . 
 chapter 10 : ironside a day had passed . 
 garuda flew endlessly over the ocean to the isles of the west continent . 
 auron could not sleep , not even with the warm breeze as he got closer to the island . 
 he could not eat either and had not touched his supplies of rations . 
 mounted on the back of garuda , he mulled staring deeply into the horizon wondering when he would arrive to that city . 
 he was in no hurry to go `` home . '' 
 he delayed his mission for a few days . 
 auron wanted to research his task . 
 what is richard up to ? 
 auron thought . 
 it is obvious he could have killed me when he had the chance . 
 he had many chances of getting rid of me and yet here i am on a mission to find some jewel . 
 why does he want this jewel so badly ? 
 i am not going to deliver it until i know exactly what it does . 
 for all i know , it could be of use to me . 
 the crimson cosmo jewel he calls it . 
 interesting . 
 it ca n't just be another sorcery stone . 
 i shall research this jewel before i proceed to amaranth island . 
 one dilemma after the other . 
 problems seemed to pile upon each other . 
 as they always did for auron , but it was nothing he could not endure . 
 he was accustom to solving problems one after the other since the day he decided to build his own village . 
 not only did he have to run an errand for king richard , but now he wondered about the crimson cosmo jewel . 
 auron had no idea what it was and as the hours passed , flying on the back of garuda , his curiosity grew more and more . 
 he knew of the sainos family lust for power . 
 i must seek knowledge of this jewel , the wind lashed his face . 
 he did not allow his mind to rest . 
 images of his village being burned haunted him as well as the loss of his band . 
 the fact that he had to confront everyone back on his island made him feel uncomfortable . 
 what would the amaranth tribe do to him after so many years ? 
 auron slapped himself from his own daydream and stroked his red hair . 
 `` worrying will not help . 
 i must relax my mind if i am to return alive . '' 
 garuda shrieked lightly hinting at how tired the beast was . 
 it shook its body as if to throw auron off its back . 
 `` easy now . 
 i know you are tired but just hang in there , i believe we are almost at ironside . 
 you will be able to rest soon . '' 
 auron patted the giant bird 's neck full of black feathers . 
 for twenty four hours garuda flew . 
 its wings wide opened throughout the trip and they began to ache . 
 auron never ignored his eedahlan . 
 he had chosen it for a reason . 
 the sun hid behind the horizon . 
 twilight sky began to introduce the night . 
 the winds began to gust stronger . 
 auron closed his eyes and loosened his muscles . 
 he allowed his soul to feel the energies from beyond his sight . 
 his body felt waves slithering and orbiting and different temperatures . 
 he could sense maju from leagues away . 
 an enormous amount of energy stroked through his body like swords . 
 he felt steel and saw sparks in his mind like those from a blacksmith forging a sword . 
 he was close to his destination . 
 to ironside . 
 the most advanced city in the world or that auron had ever been to . 
 another part of his secrecy . 
 a secret he kept in the darkest corners of his mind . 
 ironside was his knowledge ground . 
 what he considered the largest resources of information . 
 the answer to his prayers resided inside the walls of ironside . 
 akielas had told auron tales of this city in his youthful years . 
 however , his master never took him to the city and only spoke of it as a fairytale . 
 until five years ago , auron decided to find the island himself . 
 now he flew again to the city seeking answers . 
 all the lies he told the band of the fox and his wife every time he left the village to travel to ironside . 
 the guilt and the lies were worth it . 
 thanks to all the information he had acquired from ironside , auron was able to build his village and save his people many times in the past . 
 `` i have the right to lie . 
 it is my village after all . '' 
 auron rationalized . 
 the sight of gathering clouds ahead disturbed his deep thinking . 
 a massive body of clouds in the far distance settled as if preparing a thunderous storm . 
 `` i wonder what is under those heavy clouds . '' 
 auron asked the unknown . 
 he clapped his hands together and closed his eyes . 
 he prayed to cast a spell , one he enjoyed . 
 a spell that allowed him to see dozens of leagues away . 
 aerobos keen jobog , he chanted . 
 he slowly opened his eyes . 
 the spell was somewhat painful for his vision . 
 his pupils vanished and his eyes were now a zombified white color . 
 he could see what was happening under the massive body of clouds . 
 his vision zoomed in like a telescope . 
 his white eyes finally found the object under the heavy clouds . 
 there it was . 
 the great city of ironside . 
 it was raining and auron could see the great wall of the city . 
 smoke rose from buildings and with excitement the spell broke and his vision retreated ; it felt like his eyes were punched in . 
 he tried to open his eyes and shed tears . 
 it was painful and he rather not use that spell again . 
 `` garuda , it is up ahead . 
 let 's hurry , '' he shouted , rubbing his irritated eyes . 
 garuda shrieked . 
 the high pitch sound echoed through the sea . 
 the giant bird 's wings thudded as it built speed . 
 wind gusted and auron grabbed on to garuda 's black feathers while covering his face from the whistling wind . 
 the giant bird flew faster , gaining in on their destination . 
 the bird flew so fast that auron struggled to hold on to its back . 
 he could only hear his eedahlan beating its wings . 
 he dug his face in the feathers of the bird ; the wind hit the top of his head . 
 abruptly , garuda began to decrease speed . 
 as the wind began to ease , auron felt water drops on his back and the light of the sun on the horizon had disappeared . 
 he opened his eyes . 
 the skies were darker . 
 looking above , he was in awe being so close to the clouds and the rain pouring . 
 the shower became heavier and garuda had stopped . 
 the bird now hovered , glaring down at the city below . 
 `` it has been years since i 've been inside those walls . '' 
 auron got caught by nostalgia . 
 his body and clothes were now soaked . 
 the sound of thunder struck his eardrums . 
 he startled and got goosebumps . 
 `` descend to the city , garuda , '' auron commanded . 
 the beast dived down to the city falling from the sky . 
 like diving into a river , head in first . 
 it fell with the rain . 
 the city buildings became bigger as garuda got closer . 
 auron could see the city lights below . 
 the wind rushed through his eyes and forced to shut them . 
 suddenly , garuda shrieked and veered left . 
 it spun its body swirling with closed wings , still falling down to the city . 
 a beam of lightning chased it down . 
 auron did not understand the beast 's sudden behavior . 
 he swirled with the bird on his saddle , holding on tightly . 
 garuda resumed its flight and spread its wings . 
 `` what is the matter with you ? '' 
 auron yelled at the bird . 
 garuda only shrieked back and tilted its body to the right . 
 auron held on to the bird 's feathers . 
 on the corner of his eyes , he saw the beam of lightning a few feet away from his shoulder . 
 at that moment , he understood . 
 `` we are under attack , '' he realized . 
 he surveyed the skies . 
 the rain got in his eyes and blurred his view . 
 he felt his body suddenly falling . 
 garuda had dipped and dodged another beam of lightning . 
 the sparks nearly touched auron . 
 garuda ascended and dived down again . 
 dodging , evading and avoiding being hit by the beams of lightning shooting at the creature from random directions . 
 the beast turned left , the beams rose from below and the beast tilted its body to the right . 
 the bird ascended and the beams shot from the right and garuda swooped down . 
 the giant bird grew tired and its wings ached . 
 it had no time to think only evade . 
 auron still had not found the one responsible for the lightning attacks . 
 it seemed to be coming from so far away in the dark sky . 
 it was hard to see even when the lightning illuminated the skies . 
 fortunately , garuda was an intelligent bird , able to think creatively like a human . 
 the creature moved its body through the sky so fast and bravely even with its tired wings . 
 `` keep dodging those lightning beams and we will find our foe . '' 
 auron clapped his hands together and closed his eyes . 
 it was difficult to focus on his spell with all the movement . 
 garuda 's flight hindered auron 's prayers yet this time it was easier since he had cast the spell earlier . 
 `` aerobos keen jobog , '' he chanted . 
 his pupils vanished and his eyes changed to a ghostly white color . 
 a beam of lightning blasted from the left . 
 garuda shrieked and swooped down and ascended again . 
 auron quickly used his white eyes to detect his foe from the direction of the beam . 
 his vision rapidly zoomed , this time much quicker . 
 it followed the beam of lightning . 
 `` there he is , '' auron finally found his foe . 
 `` it 's one of them ... but why are they attacking ? 
 do n't they know who i am ? '' 
 auron knew who it was . 
 the guards of ironside . 
 the guards were using a staff to shoot beams of lightning and flew on what appeared to be a giant dragonfly . 
 they are overly protective of their city . 
 even in auron 's last visit , they still attacked believing it was an enemy . 
 it was the giant bird that they considered a threat . 
 this city is where auron learned his lightning spell and he knew exactly how to get the guards attention . 
 auron clapped his hands to combine two magic elements . 
 water and wind . 
 the combination he used to spark up king richard 's throne room and kill his knights . 
 auron raised his palm over his head . 
 an orb of light hovered over his hand and illuminated like a beacon . 
 he tried to maintain his arm straight as garuda vigorously flew veering . 
 the rain became heavier as the beams of lightning continued to shoot and miss . 
 garuda shrieked , turning its long neck to look over its left wing at auron . 
 `` i know you are tired . 
 just give me a few more minutes , '' auron promised the giant bird . 
 the orb of light over his hand began to flicker . 
 the light blinked unsteadily and auron hoped the ironside guards would recognize him . 
 `` you know who i am ! '' 
 he yelled as if the unseen guards could hear him from their distance . 
 another beam of lightning blasted in front of them . 
 garuda tilted its body to the right . 
 auron lost focus of his spell . 
 the orb of light nearly faded on his palm . 
 `` damn it ! '' 
 he grunted and pressed more maju into his spell . 
 the orb of light swelled up . 
 it ballooned and grew thrice its original size . 
 auron surveyed the skies , eyeballing in paranoia . 
 hoping the lightning flashes would stop and the guards would see his signal . 
 how can they not ? 
 his flickering spell was unavoidable to the vision even under heavy rain and dark skies . 
 a few minutes had passed and the beams of lightning subsided . 
 perhaps they got the message , auron thought . 
 he heard something fluttering rapidly , similar to the sound of a bee flying past his ear . 
 the sound got closer and became clearer to him . 
 he squinted to see clearer in the darkness of the night sky . 
 raindrops fell from his eyelashes blurring his vision . 
 he followed the fluttering sound and it began to echo from every direction . 
 where are they ? 
 auron continued to survey the skies . 
 garuda shrieked and slowed down its flight . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 auron asked . 
 he looked forward and noticed what had disturbed his eedahlan . 
 it was an ironside guard . 
 the guard stood on a mechanical dragonfly that flapped its wings rapidly from its sides much like a hummingbird . 
 it was a strange vessel that always awed auron . 
 he had only seen such inventions in the city of ironside . 
 the guard wore big lenses that shielded his eyes and his helmet was shaped like the head of an eagle . 
 the guard 's cloak was made of leather , protecting him from the rain . 
 he carried a staff with a sphere at the end , held by sculpted bird talons . 
 yes , this was a guard of ironside . 
 nothing like a knight auron would see in the capital city of burnahdujf . 
 the guard stood on his dragonfly . 
 he set his large lenses over the beak of the helmet . 
 the dark skies did not allow auron to see much detail on the guard 's eyes . 
 however , auron noticed the man 's skin was brown . 
 `` greetings guard of ironside . 
 i come in peace . 
 do not fear my creature of the sky , '' auron said . 
 `` we do not fear your creature , '' the guard responded . 
 `` we simply do not like anyone soaring over our skies without permission . '' 
 `` i understand . 
 i have been inside the walls of your city before , '' auron replied . 
 `` if you have been inside our walls then you should know better than to chime in at will . 
 no one enters without our permission . '' 
 `` forgive me . 
 it has been five years since i last came to ironside , '' auron apologized . 
 he had forgotten for the second time . 
 `` you would have collided with the city 's barrier if your bird had dived any closer . '' 
 the guard informed auron . 
 `` before you even think about entering our city , you must identify yourself . '' 
 `` my name is auron fox . 
 i was once hired by meister abraham of ironside on a spy mission . '' 
 `` auron fox . '' 
 the guard seemed surprised . 
 `` auron fox of the amaranth tribe ? '' 
 `` i reside in burnahdujf , '' auron corrected the guard . 
 `` but my blood is of the amaranth tribe . '' 
 the guard bowed to auron , `` i apologize , sir auron of burnahdujf , '' he said . 
 he thudded his staff on the mechanical dragonfly . 
 the staff lit up much like auron 's lightning spell . 
 the guard raised his staff above him and an orb of light shined from the sphere of the staff . 
 the light began to flicker like auron 's previous spell . 
 he is calling the rest of them . 
 of course , there has to be more of them , auron thought . 
 as the guard 's light flickered , auron heard more vehicles approaching with the fluttering sound of a bee . 
 one dragonfly flew over him and garuda shrieked . 
 `` easy now , they are friends , '' auron patted the bird 's wet feather . 
 two more dragonflies came from the left and one from below . 
 there were six guards of ironside flying on mechanical dragonflies . 
 they all wore large lenses over their eyes but the shape of their helmet was different . 
 the one with the eagle shape helmet seemed to be the leader . 
 `` soldiers ! '' 
 shouted the guard 's leader . 
 `` we have an important visitor . 
 an ally of ironside . 
 sir auron fox . 
 we apologize for attacking , we were not aware it was you . 
 the rain and darkness of the sky blinded us . '' 
 `` do not worry ; i hardly knew it was you either . '' 
 `` such a humble man . '' 
 the guard complimented . 
 `` it will be an honor to guide an ally of ironside . 
 please , sir auron . 
 follow us to our city and your great creature of the sky . '' 
 the six guards on dragonflies descended down to the city . 
 garuda followed and auron was eager to enter the great city after five years . 
 ********* they stood before the great gate . 
 it was nearly thirty feet tall and a vertical line divided the gate into two doors . 
 the walls of ironside were even taller . 
 they rose up to a hundred feet and casted a colossal shadow . 
 gazing up at the wall made auron 's head spin and lose balance . 
 it was made of steel . 
 no wood or stone . 
 how ? 
 was the only question auron had in mind , staring at the great wall in awe ? 
 garuda stood on two legs behind him . 
 the guards were in front of the gate , ready to open the steel doors . 
 six of them pointed at the sphere in the center of the door . 
 lightning blasted from their staffs . 
 they energized the sphere . 
 auron 's eyes swelled and remembered when he first tried to learn his lightning spell . 
 it was bitter work even today . 
 the spell took so much maju . 
 however , these men seemed to have no problem manipulating lightning . 
 the sphere on the gate shined yellow and chirped sparks . 
 there was a thud that echoed from behind the gate . 
 then another thud and the doors began to open . 
 the steel gate was slow . 
 the thirty feet doors opened to the sides , one to the left and one to the right , revealing the inside of the city . 
 auron could only stare in amazement . 
 `` garuda , i dismiss thee , '' he told his eedahlan . 
 he was already aware that the giant bird was not allowed inside the city . 
 the giant bird shrieked , kicked off the ground and rose to the sky . 
 as it ascended , it shattered with golden dust , leaving behind a flock of its red , blue and black feathers that rained down upon auron . 
 the steel gate fully opened . 
 the guards marched in and auron followed . 
 as he entered , he heard the sound of steel clanking and echoing from the city . 
 he remembered that sound , it was the sound of gears moving . 
 it was the sound of the beautiful steel inventions and other innovations . 
 yes , it echoed from every corner of the city . 
 auron stepped on the stone panel floors and gazed at the city streets . 
 the streets of burnahdujf were of dirt and gravel as well as his village . 
 ironside was centuries ahead in technology and intelligence . 
 the city 's history goes back five hundred years . 
 it was built by runaway slaves from the west continent . 
 the runaway slaves that discovered this island were intelligent and lived their lives for their masters , doing their dirty work like bottom feeders . 
 they prayed to pyramus the fire dragon god for power and to aeramus , the air dragon god for intelligence . 
 for five centuries , they worked hard to build an incredible city where they can live in peace away from the world . 
 their advanced inventions made their lives easier to live and had an unfair advantage in war creating powerful weapons to destroy their enemies and invaders . 
 the people of ironside have never lost a war . 
 those who have discovered their locations and tried to conquer them have never won a battle . 
 the outer world was unable to compete with ironside 's technology , gadgets and gimmicks . 
 they laughed at the outer world and how weak they were . 
 they thought of themselves as the greatest , the highest , and most intelligent . 
 the people of ironside snuck into other countries and studied other societies closely . 
 they kept a record of each country and their development . 
 the colossal gate thudded and began to close . 
 auron spun around and watched as the gate close . 
 as the two doors tightly locked together , it felt like he was stuck inside the city and being stuck inside ironside was a dream of his . 
 he turned back to the city . 
 six guards with staffs by his side . 
 auron surveyed the city streets . 
 it was night time and the city turned their street lights on from lamps on poles . 
 looking beyond the buildings , auron spotted the center tower where the city 's meister resided . 
 the center tower 's clock lit up during night time . 
 the clock 's arrows moved incredibly . 
 auron had seen clocks in burnahdujf but none were as big . 
 children rode on vehicles of two rubber wheels and pedaled with their feet to move the vehicle . 
 citizens dressed in interesting button up garments of all colors . 
 they looked neat , clean , and high class . 
 no browns or grays . 
 men wore tall hats . 
 women wore tight clothes and few wore dresses . 
 auron noticed women 's clothes showed more skin as they walked by him . 
 some people wore round pieces of glass over their eyes much like the guards that guided auron . 
 the people of ironside loved ruffled clothes . 
 auron wished he could stay here . 
 the council of ironside did not allow him . 
 he did not meet the criteria of the city . 
 he never truly planned to stay but the thought was haunting , yet the more he walked the brick sidewalks the more he tried to convince himself . 
 `` why do n't i just stay ? '' 
 he would ask himself . 
 `` sir auron , are you alright ? '' 
 a guard asked . 
 auron shook his head , interrupted from his pleasant gaze . 
 `` yes , of course . 
 i am perfectly fine , '' auron answered returning his sight to the city streets . 
 he began to gaze at the pointy houses and bulbs of light illuminating the streets . 
 the shape of the windows were nothing like the ones back home . 
 not even the king 's castle . 
 everything was so different . 
 some houses were round and some had odd angles on the roof . 
 buildings had strange swirling designs and embroidery . 
 `` sir auron , what will be your destination today ? '' 
 the guard asked . 
 the red hair man ignored him , gazing at the city . 
 `` excuse me , '' the guard raised his voice . 
 `` yes , '' auron turned his head back to the guard . 
 `` it is rude to ignore someone when speaking to them . '' 
 `` my apologies , '' auron bowed his head . 
 `` i would like to go to the city 's library please . 
 there is something i must investigate . '' 
 `` understood . 
 follow me . '' 
 the guards paced to the streets . 
 auron followed behind . 
 the streets were spacious . 
 they divided into three directions . 
 gazing down the roads seemed endless . 
 citizens moved up , down and across the streets . 
 some walked and some rode on those vehicles with two rubber wheels . 
 in the center where all three roads met , there was a gold statue of a man , twenty feet tall . 
 he wore a round object over his left eye , bushy mustache , tall hat , a buttoned up vest , ruffle long sleeve shirt ; he pointed to the heavens with his right hand and had what seemed to be a walking stick in his left hand . 
 auron stared at it for a good long minute as he walked with the guards . 
 he always pondered about that statue every time he came to the city . 
 the six guards and auron paused at the edge of the street . 
 a vehicle approached them . 
 the vehicle drove around the statue and towards them . 
 it had three rubber wheels . 
 one in front and two in the back . 
 the front wheel was much bigger than the others . 
 inside the vehicle there was a man with an eagle helmet , another guard of ironside . 
 he stopped the vehicle on the side of the street . 
 it had empty space in the back . 
 the guards jumped in the back one by one with haste . 
 `` hop on , sir auron . 
 this is one of ironside 's latest inventions . 
 this will get us to the downtown area in just a few minutes . '' 
 the leader beckoned auron to get in the vehicle . 
 auron hesitated . 
 it was made of metal . 
 he was accustomed to riding horses and other animals for transportation . 
 but this was of no flesh and bones . 
 auron jumped on the back of the vehicle with the guards and sat on a bench . 
 `` this thing is going to get us to the main library ? '' 
 auron asked , despite of seeing the vehicle rolling its wheel on the stone streets . 
 `` of course , sir auron . 
 you will see . '' 
 the vehicle suddenly thudded like something had broken . 
 auron startled . 
 then the metal vessel started vibrating under his boots . 
 smoke rose from the sides and it began to move . 
 auron was pushed forward and one of the guards pushed him back to his seat . 
 `` thank you , '' he said . 
 the vehicle took them through the center road . 
 it moved at a steady speed . 
 citizens moved out of the way as the vehicle drove between sidewalks . 
 `` what do you call this thing ? '' 
 auron asked to whom ever had an answer . 
 `` it has not been given an official name . 
 however , the innovators of ironside are calling it the three-wheeler . 
 they do n't want to name the invention until they make a satisfactory model . '' 
 a guard sitting to the left educated auron about the city and its inventors . 
 auron had spoken to many people in the city . 
 leaders , experts , scientist and other aristocrats of ironside . 
 they fed his mind wisdom beyond belief . 
 wisdom that helped him build his village and create his ideal society . 
 ironside had no low or high class men . 
 everyone was assigned a job or was given a trade by family , teachers or the council themselves . 
 this is the world auron was trying to create in his village . 
 the dream never died , not even now in a situation where he might lose everything . 
 `` it would have taken me about an hour walking to the center tower and now i will be there in minutes . '' 
 auron and the guards laughed . 
 the three wheel vehicle did not turn , it continued in the same direction . 
 it left a trail of smoke as it drove down the street . 
 auron remained in awe at the beauty of the streets . 
 he saw men with iron arms and swords that shifted and changed size . 
 children playing with gadgets that spun on the ground . 
 no one wore armor or carried swords by their waist or on their back . 
 there was no sign of danger or possibilities of people getting hurt out in the open streets . 
 those dangers of women getting raped or children being stolen or beaten were gone or at least auron thought so . 
 the city felt serene and secure . 
 it was the perfect society or so he thought it to be . 
 `` this place is perfect if only i could stay here , '' auron said ever so calmly . 
 `` it has its flaws , '' said one of the guards . 
 `` flaws ? '' 
 auron asked raising an eyebrow . 
 `` if there are flaws in the society your people created , they must not be very threatening . '' 
 `` you are right , sir auron . 
 we do not have much crime here in this town . 
 however , whenever a criminal is discovered , it is very rare and happens i dare say every six months . 
 these rare crimes are usually very dangerous . 
 last year we had to imprison a citizen because he tried to massacre the entire population . 
 the criminal had a belief that ironside 's way of life , isolated from the world , was depressing and ignorant . 
 he became psychotic and began to kill out of boredom . 
 the council thought of killing the criminal for taking hundreds of lives but the meister suggested we simply imprison the bastard . '' 
 `` such things are bound to happen where ever you go i guess , '' auron added . 
 `` yes . 
 we the people of ironside live in peace , isolated from the rest of the world but there is something about our way of life that motivated our recent criminals to do what they do . 
 we are yet to figure out what that is . 
 i guess there is no such thing as perfection . '' 
 the guard smiled at auron and the red hair man smiled back . 
 the rest of the guards were quiet . 
 some conversed and auron gazed at the city streets . 
 now he saw people working with steel . 
 we must be getting closer , he still remembered the industrial area of the city . 
 auron saw men hammering hot steel , forging it . 
 they were not smithing swords or weapons for war but parts for gadgets . 
 there were men working with mechanical tools to build other things . 
 steel on steel on top of more steel . 
 silver and grey everywhere . 
 auron stared down at the horizon . 
 as the vehicle drove away farther from the colossal gate , it allowed auron to see the great steel wall reigning over the city . 
 there was a long vehicle that moved over the city . 
 it left a trail of smoke ; its body was long like a snake . 
 it ran on steel trails . 
 auron saw its snake body moving over the city , among buildings and houses faraway . 
 `` what is that ? '' 
 auron pointed at the long steel vehicle . 
 `` that is a train . 
 another fabulous invention , '' a guard answered , `` it takes you from one district of the city to the other . 
 from the adobe district to the school district . 
 it saves a lot of walking time for those who do n't own any traveling vehicles . 
 ironside is hundreds of thousands of acres . 
 your feet will bleed walking this city . '' 
 `` thanks for the advice , '' auron said . 
 both he and the guard laughed . 
 ********** the three-wheel vehicle reached the center tower of ironside . 
 the tower reigned much higher than the steel wall that protected the city . 
 it seemed to touch the heavens gazing up at it . 
 parts of it were made of steel but mostly stone , marble and wood . 
 the entrance was decorated with statues by the stairs . 
 the bells of the tower chime a harmonious sound . 
 men in vest and ruffled shirts , walked up and down the stairs . 
 bulbs of light lit the way to the entrance . 
 it was welcoming and seemed to beckon auron . 
 he jumped out of the three wheel vehicle . 
 the guards waved goodbye . 
 `` may you find the answer to your prayers , sir auron , '' said one of the guards . 
 `` thank you , '' auron bowed his head . 
 the vehicle drove away , following the road and fading from sight as auron watched it leave . 
 auron walked to the entrance . 
 up the stairs he went . 
 the people walking by , gave him an odd look . 
 some stopped and gave a long stare as if auron was a rare creature . 
 it did not bother auron . 
 he carried a sword on his back and wore armor . 
 in the eyes of ironside citizens , he did not blend well . 
 his clothes were different and heck , even his hair . 
 people eyeballed him where ever he went . 
 at the end of the stairs , there was a set of four doors made of wood with glass windows . 
 the doors had no knob so auron pushed . 
 it did not open . 
 he then saw a bearded civilian push in a door to his right so he followed bearded man . 
 in he went and found himself in a crowded hall . 
 the ceiling was high with an angelic illustration and golden gears hanging from the ceiling . 
 it was a painting of the sky with angelic creatures with wings flying with aeramus , the air dragon god . 
 auron had never seen such a detailed painting in such enormous size . 
 he walked through the crowds , not exactly sure where he was going . 
 i have forgotten what floor the library was in , he thought . 
 he tapped a man on the shoulder who was conversing in a group . 
 the man turned around , he had a piece of round glass over his eye and had a bushy beard . 
 `` excuse me , do you know on which floor the library is ? '' 
 `` second floor , '' answered the bushy bearded man . 
 `` you might want to take the elevator . '' 
 `` elevator ? '' 
 `` yes , the elevator . 
 you do n't look like you are from around here , '' said the bushy bearded man . 
 auron laughed at the truth . 
 `` sorry , sir , i am not familiar with the term ` elevator . ' '' 
 auron only smiled for his lack of knowledge about the city . 
 `` no worries . 
 you are not the first . 
 judging by how you are dressed you must be from the east continents . 
 i will have my good friend audrey guide you to the library . '' 
 audrey . 
 auron was familiar with that name . 
 he remembered an audrey . 
 the bushy bearded man turned to the group of gentlemen whom he conversed with . 
 from the circle of men , a short one with messy white hair emerged . 
 his height was much like saron . 
 auron looked at the short man and immediately recognized him . 
 `` audrey ! '' 
 auron shouted , his voice echoed in the crowded room . 
 `` why if it is n't auron from burnahdujf or should i say the amaranth tribe . '' 
 audrey was a cheerful wise man of ironside . 
 he knew auron from his previous visits five years ago in search of knowledge . 
 `` please do not refer to me as a tribesman . '' 
 `` oh right , my apologies , '' audrey said . 
 `` what brings mercenary fox to ironside this time ? '' 
 `` i need some information about the crimson cosmo jewel , '' auron said . 
 `` ssshh ! '' 
 audrey hushed auron . 
 the red hair man grimaced with confusion . 
 audrey beckoned auron to come closer . 
 the amaranth lowered his head . 
 `` what kind of amaranth tribesman does not know about the crimson cosmo jewel ? '' 
 audrey whispered . 
 `` you do n't want to talk about these things out loud . '' 
 `` perhaps a quieter place then , '' auron proposed . 
 `` follow me , '' audrey said and walked through the crowd . 
 auron followed him trying to keep his eyes on the short man . 
 audrey 's size made it difficult to find him in such a crowded place . 
 auron only saw audrey 's hat racing through the crow and he followed it . 
 soon he was out of the crowd and saw the short man running down a hallway . 
 `` this way ! '' 
 audrey shouted . 
 at the end of the hall was a barred door and inside was a small cell . 
 audrey pushed the barred door to the side and entered the cell . 
 auron joined him . 
 the bar doors closed by themselves . 
 audrey pulled a lever on the wall down to a symbol . 
 `` why are we in this cell ? '' 
 auron asked feeling claustrophobic . 
 `` this , my friend , is an elevator . 
 i am sure you remember from the last time you came here . '' 
 audrey reminded . 
 `` it moves by itself without men to operate it . 
 much like our new three wheel vehicle . '' 
 there was a thud and the elevator slightly shook . 
 auron was disturbed and became nervous . 
 `` do n't worry now . 
 it might be a little rusty but it is just starting up , '' audrey explained . 
 `` i hope so , '' auron prayed . 
 the elevator began to move up . 
 the sight of the hall closed before auron 's eyes as the cell elevated . 
 `` i remember now , '' auron said . 
 `` i had forgotten the name but i remember . 
 this thing would take me up to higher floors . '' 
 after a couple of seconds , the elevator stopped and the barred doors open . 
 they exited the elevator and stood in a hallway . 
 in front , there was another door . 
 this door had big gold handles . 
 there was an illustration of a bird with long wide wings . 
 it looked a lot like garuda , auron 's eedahlan . 
 interesting , auron thought as he stared at the illustration . 
 audrey pulled the door and they stepped into the library . 
 it was enormous . 
 a massive collection of scrolls , tomes , books and files . 
 all in shelves filled with information , text , codex , scriptures , stories , novels and other literature . 
 in the center of the library , there was a sphere of green and blue colors . 
 there were statues and sculptures of owls and eagles on top of shelves and hanging from the ceiling . 
 there were paintings on the wall of previous leaders of ironside and the air dragon god . 
 the ceiling was high and had an illustration of owls flying together holding scrolls in their beaks . 
 behind the green and blue sphere was a counter . 
 a bald man in an elegant black outfit turned pages from a book . 
 he was focused as he browsed . 
 auron paced in the library , eyes enlarged with awe . 
 it was not the first time he had been inside the library ; however , it never failed to amaze him . 
 he walked past the green and blue sphere in the center and thought , this is odealeous . 
 the sphere resembled the planet in which humans lived and all the countries . 
 `` remember that globe , auron ? '' 
 audrey asked . 
 `` that is the world in which we live in . 
 me and my team of researchers travel all over the world and it was not until twenty years ago that we realized that the world was round . 
 it was a fantastic discovery . 
 to think that the world had an end like a waterfall . 
 looking at the sun setting on the horizon you would think that the world was flat . 
 hehehe , how wrong we were . 
 out next project is of the stars . 
 we want to know why the sun sets and the moon rises at night . 
 the mystery of twilight . '' 
 `` amazing , just simply amazing . 
 this is why i love ironside . 
 endless possibilities . 
 there is an answer to everything , '' auron whispered . 
 `` oh , not everything , '' audrey argued removing his vest , walking towards the globe of odealeous . 
 `` the people of ironside have dedicated their life to discovering the many mysteries of the world . 
 we want to fill this library with books and files about the world . 
 we want to be the world 's center of information . 
 well , we already are , but it never hurts to dream bigger . '' 
 `` wonderful , '' auron said , `` now , about the crimson cosmo jewel . 
 what information do you have on it ? '' 
 `` oh , right , i almost forgot . '' 
 audrey ran to the counter . 
 his short body seemed to hop for some reason . 
 he handed his vest to the man in black over the counter . 
 `` hang that somewhere will you , '' audrey told the man by the counter and the quiet man winced . 
 audrey ran to the left side of the library . 
 he climbed a ladder and began scanning books . 
 `` what are you looking for ? '' 
 auron asked , looking up at audrey above . 
 `` a scroll from decades ago . 
 a discovery some archeologist made . 
 it contains information about the jewel you seek . '' 
 audrey climbed higher to the bookshelves above . 
 dust spread as he pushed books aside . 
 hundreds of books . 
 no , thousands of books and long shelves . 
 audrey pushed himself to the left and the ladder ran with wheels at the bottom . 
 the ladder ran across countless books while standing . 
 audrey reached the end of a bookshelf . 
 he went down the ladder and then ran to another ladder of another shelf . 
 the library shelves stretched endlessly . 
 auron thought audrey would continue on forever . 
 `` audrey , do you know where this scroll is located . 
 i must hurry . '' 
 `` patience amaranth . 
 i know it is on one of these shelves . 
 i have not used it in years . 
 it is probably collecting dust at the top of one of these shel ... '' audrey 's hand suddenly touched something . 
 a round cylindrical object . 
 audrey clutched the object hoping it would be the scroll . 
 he pulled it . 
 there it was . 
 `` found it ! '' 
 audrey shouted and descended the ladder , holding the scroll in his mouth . 
 he ran to a table on the far left behind a book shelf . 
 he slammed the scroll on the table and rolled it open . 
 he slid his fingers over the illustrations . 
 `` let me see , '' auron looked over audrey 's shoulder . 
 he saw illustrations of not one but four jewels . 
 audrey pointed at the crimson cosmo jewel . 
 it was colored with red ink , a mineral with spikes . 
 there was writing by the jewels illustrations . 
 `` read this , '' audrey pointed at the paragraph next to the drawing . 
 crimson cosmo jewel when thogemus created pyramus the dragon god of fire , pyramus was born holding a jewel with his claws . 
 it was a jewel so red and as pure as blood . 
 the creature would not let it go . 
 thogemus had to pull the jewel from the dragon in order for pyramus to awaken . 
 the jewel contained the maju of pyramus and the dragon refused to surrender his treasure . 
 although pyramus did not need the jewel , he considered it a replica of his fiery being . 
 it was full of energy ; it burned as much as the sun and it triggered volcanic eruptions which aroused pyramus . 
 he needed his own piece of land away from his brothers and sister since he had a passion for burning . 
 sometimes he would set himself on fire pleasurably . 
 his brothers and sister still loved what pyramus brought to the world that we know as odealeous . 
 he created a season called summer , which warmed the lands and helped plants to grow faster with the light of the sun . 
 terramus the dragon god of earth , loved what summer did to his greens . 
 because of the summer season , new breeds of plants were created . 
 oceamus , the dragon god of water , loved the season of summer and the effect it had on her aquatic creatures . 
 the season of summer inspired ocean creatures to live above the surface and thus new pieces were created and evolved on land . 
 aeramus also loved the season of summer . 
 the heat forced water to rise up to the skies of aeramus and created what we now call clouds . 
 aeramus , the dragon god of air , loved flying through the wet clouds . 
 it inspired him to create winged creatures that would dive into the ocean and ascend again to the skies . 
 with all the art pyramus brought to the world , he never let go of the crimson jewel . 
 after humans were created with the breath of the four dragons , the humans first began to cast magic by simply coming in contact with the crimson cosmo jewel . 
 pyramus fell in love with the humans and gave them the crimson cosmo jewel as a gift . 
 the human 's passion for learning new things inspired him . 
 humans embraced the power of the crimson jewel . 
 it burned their skin brown and they learned to cast fire from the palm of their hands . 
 that same day , a meteor crashed and made a colossal scar on the world . 
 it was nothing like the dragons had ever seen before . 
 it had come from beyond what they knew was their realm . 
 thogemus immediately sensed the destruction of her world . 
 `` who hath summoned this catastrophe upon us ? '' 
 thogemus asked . 
 the humans told the dragon that pyramus had given them the crimson jewel as a gift . 
 thogemus blamed pyramus for the destruction of their world and forbid him from using the jewel again . 
 thogemus took the jewel and hid it in an uncharted location . 
 although his jewel was forbidden from him by his mother , it did not affect pyramus ' powers as a god of fire . 
 thogemus lectured pyramus . 
 `` thine jewel hath drawn a meteor from another realm . 
 a realm from which the first gods originated . 
 a threat lies in that dimension . 
 i will not risk the possibility of thou manifesting that threat to this world that i created with my maju . 
 i must forbid thee from using the jewel i gave thee at birth . 
 that jewel can bless and also destroy . 
 if thee will not mature your powers , then i must confiscate it . 
 as for the humans , do not over deliver your blessings . '' 
 the jewel was never seen again by humans or pyramus . 
 as of the year 1050 a.p.k. -lrb- after prodigus kollos -rrb- in the seventh month , the jewel was found with islanders known as the amaranth tribe . 
 they have been guarding it for centuries . 
 they did not want to reveal how they found the crimson cosmo jewel . 
 for some reason they believe that pyramus wanted them to watch over the jewel for eternity and their tribe had dedicated their life to that task . 
 they have great fear of losing their jewel and very defensive with outsiders . 
 their tribe is vigorous . 
 they inherit the maju of the crimson cosmo jewel , which is pyramus ' power . 
 anyone who possesses the jewel can become unbelievably powerful and possibly even destroy the world . 
 i can not imagine what would happen if one person acquired all four jewels . 
 these four jewels do exist and so far , only one has been found with the amaranth tribe . 
 the other three jewels are yet to be discovered . 
 if by fate you find one of these jewels , you must fear its power . 
 all four jewels must never be in the same place at once . 
 we theorize that it could cause apocalyptic events . 
 ironside 's research organization . 
 audrey benedict after auron finished reading the history of the jewel . 
 millions of questions stormed in his mind like bugs flying inside his head . 
 it all sounded like an epic tale of some deity . 
 so that is why richard wants me to go to amaranth island , the answer echoed in auron 's mind . 
 this ca n't all be true . 
 it sounded like a fairy tale that auron would tell his daughter , hanna , to put her to sleep at night . 
 `` audrey , you believe this rubbish ? '' 
 `` rubbish ! 
 how dare you call it rubbish ? '' 
 audrey snarled . 
 `` this was written by my team of researchers . 
 this information was given to us by the amaranth tribe . 
 including the tale of pyramus , the dragon god of fire . 
 whether it 's ancient truth or not it is all we have as proof of the danger of the crimson cosmo jewel . 
 whoever is seeking this jewel must not mean well . 
 what do you plan to do with the jewel , auron ? '' 
 `` i am not the one who wants it . 
 it is that bastard king richard of burnahdujf who seeks its power for reasons i have yet to discover , '' auron rasped . 
 `` your devious king will manifest an ill conclusion in his life . 
 do you believe in karma auron ? '' 
 audrey stroked his messy white hair . 
 thoughts of the crimson cosmo jewel haunted him still . 
 `` karma ? '' 
 auron repeated sitting on the table facing away from the scroll . 
 `` if there is such a thing i am experiencing it right now . '' 
 `` fiend ! 
 let go of me ! '' 
 they heard someone scream from the center of the library . 
 `` edward ! '' 
 audrey shouted closing the scroll and running to the counter at the center of the library . 
 auron ran behind audrey letting the short man take the lead . 
 he never imagined any danger that could happen in a library . 
 it was a quiet place for knowledge seekers . 
 as auron ran behind audrey , at the counter he saw someone clad in black grabbing the librarian behind the counter by the collar . 
 `` halt ! '' 
 auron yelled at the stranger . 
 he had seen this person before . 
 clad in black and a white mask with only one opening for the left eye . 
 three vertical slashes for the mouth on the ghostly white mask . 
 it was the same woman who had assaulted auron in the capital city of burnahdujf . 
 but how ? 
 why ? 
 `` you ! '' 
 auron roared with such rage it made audrey jump . 
 `` auron , you know this stranger ? '' 
 audrey asked raising his eyebrows . 
 `` not exactly , but i have met her before . '' 
 auron placed a hand over the hilt of his sword on his back . 
 `` let go of the librarian you fiendish woman ! '' 
 `` it 's a woman ? '' 
 audrey questioned and stepping away . 
 `` we meet again , auron fox . 
 interesting seeing you here . 
 i do n't know many mercenaries who feed their minds with books . 
 you are truly one of a kind , '' the woman in black complemented . 
 her cloak was long . 
 her head was covered with a tight hood attached to her mask . 
 she looked as though a fiend had come to haunt them from the underworld . 
 she clenched edward the librarian by the collar lifting him off the ground . 
 auron wanted to hurl his sword at her but feared he might strike edward as well . 
 `` let go of the librarian . 
 take your anger out on me instead . '' 
 auron drew his sword and pointed it at the stranger in black . 
 `` he was useless anyways , '' the stranger tossed edward towards auron ; he caught the man with his left arm and set edward on the floor . 
 audrey helped edward to his feet . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 `` yes , sir , i 've been better , '' edward confirmed . 
 `` audrey , edward , i need you to leave the library . '' 
 auron told the two scholars while facing the white masked stranger . 
 `` need not say more . 
 i will call the guards . '' 
 audrey agreed and ran out of the library with edward . 
 `` do n't make a mess . '' 
 he said assuming auron and the stranger would engage in a battle inside his library . 
 once the two scholars were out of sight , auron readied his lightning spell . 
 a small spark chirped from his left hand . 
 `` who in odealeous are you ? '' 
 auron glared at the white mask stranger , pointing his sword at her . 
 `` yes , we had skipped the introduction the first time we meet . '' 
 the stranger bowed , spreading her long wide cloak as if it were a gown . 
 `` my name is ember . 
 like the hot fragment left from a fire . '' 
 `` very poetic , '' auron said sarcastically . 
 `` what do you want and how do you know of ironside ? '' 
 `` thought you were the only person in this world with the privilege of entering the walls of ironside ? 
 hahaha , '' ember 's laugher echoed in the library . 
 `` i doubt the guards of ironside would allow someone such as you to enter . 
 speak the truth , '' auron said , his voice thundered . 
 ember covered her body with her cloak . 
 her ghostly image began to frighten auron . 
 like a fiend that wanted to drag him to necrovania . 
 she took a few steps back and gazed at the owls on top of shelves . 
 she tossed her head back and stared at the artwork on the ceiling through the left triangle of her white mask . 
 `` beautiful is n't it , auron . 
 anyone from outside countries would kill to live in a city like this . 
 so advanced . 
 it 's technology so powerful . 
 the outside world seemed to be living a nightmare compare to the peaceful life of ironside . 
 even you ? '' 
 `` do n't dodge my question , '' auron took a step forward . 
 `` it can not be a coincidence that i meet you here and at the capital city in burnahdujf . 
 you are up to something . 
 what is it that you want ? 
 why do you keep following me ? '' 
 embers body began to levitate off the ground . 
 neither her feet nor her cloak touched the carpet below . 
 `` i came here seeking knowledge just like you auron . 
 i have no need to follow you to find this place . 
 i travel to many places in this pathetic world . 
 ironside is by far the most peaceful of any society i have ever encountered in this world , besides the place i call home . 
 however , i fear that ironside will become as corrupted as the rest of the countries . 
 you understand what i mean , auron . 
 being a mercenary who kills for money , you must understand the cruelty of this world . '' 
 at that moment , auron had an epiphany of something that akielas had said to him . 
 there is an evil lurking out there in the world . 
 he now understood what akielas spoke of . 
 a chilly wave of nervousness ran around his body for a few seconds . 
 `` what knowledge do you seek exactly ? '' 
 auron asked . 
 `` answers to my questions . 
 so far , only death has been the solution . 
 i seek peace just like you , auron . 
 however , my philosophy is much different . 
 i do n't run away from society like you . 
 instead , i face it head on with its own cruelty . '' 
 ember hissed her words passionately with ecstasy bubbling inside her . 
 `` last i recall , you owe me a duel . '' 
 she spread her cloak open . 
 her hands bathed with black smoke and fire . 
 like the first time auron met her , black swords extended out of smoke . 
 two swords of black steel . 
 auron lunged with a roar at ember . 
 auron parried both of her blades , their steel forced sparks to fly . 
 ember pushed with her blows , rapidly swinging her swords trying to break through auron 's defense . 
 she had two swords , he had one . 
 they battled in the library . 
 the collision of their steel echoed . 
 ember kicked auron 's chest , he staggered back losing his balance . 
 his back hit the side of a bookshelf . 
 ember struck with one blade . 
 auron spun away and the blade plunged through the wooden shelf and got stuck . 
 ember swung with the other sword while pulling out the other . 
 auron parried her blow and went for her chest . 
 ember let go of the stuck sword and thrust her palm at auron 's solar plexus . 
 her palm never touched his stomach but the red hair man was pushed back by an unknown force . 
 his body flew back , slid over a table and fell to the floor rolling . 
 auron quickly stood up and realized he had lost grasp of his sword . 
 there he saw it , just a dozen feet away . 
 he dived for his sword ; rolled on the ground , just before ember struck him with her twin swords , he launched a small ray of lightning at her . 
 ember was stung and paralyzed . 
 auron lifted his sword and lunged at ember . 
 she quickly recovered and parried his attack . 
 she ascended higher over the library shelves . 
 `` get down here . 
 what happened to that fire power you showed me in the streets barinos , '' auron taunted . 
 `` do n't be ridiculous . 
 i do not plan to kindle this place on fire . 
 this is like a sanctuary to me . '' 
 `` why is it that you want to fight me ? '' 
 auron asked while enchanting his sword with lightning . 
 `` we are just getting to know each other . 
 you do n't truly know someone until you fight them . '' 
 ember dived down with her swords cross . 
 auron swung horizontally colliding with ember 's blades causing sparks . 
 auron thrust his blade forward at embers stomach . 
 the tip of his sword had met her flesh , but suddenly her body became black smoke . 
 he ran through her as if she had turned into a ghost . 
 he lost balance , spun , and faced her again . 
 `` what magic is this ? '' 
 auron had never seen such magic before . 
 it had put him in doubt of everything he knew of the mystic arts . 
 a human body turning into smoke . 
 shadomancy perhaps . 
 maybe hydromancy ? 
 it did not make much sense him . 
 `` i am lightning proof and i can shape shift at will . 
 you can not hurt me . 
 i am invincible . '' 
 ember laughed . 
 `` no one is invincible and everything that breathes has a weakness , '' auron remarked . 
 he lunged at her again trying to fight with as less spells as possible . 
 he did not want to damage the library . 
 she ignited her swords on fire and spun them creating a wheel of flames . 
 auron was unable to attack . 
 he blocked and parried both blades and continued to get pushed back . 
 as he was at a distance from ember , he took a chance and cast an air spell for speed . 
 he swirled his sword and dashed at ember . 
 his attacks hastened , he blocked and parried her swords much swifter . 
 his sword enchanted with lightning and hers on fire . 
 the collision sent electric sparks flying across the library , burning books , knocking down ceramics , owl statues and destroying shelves . 
 ember punched the air just inches away from auron , the man was pushed back again by an unknown force . 
 it was definitely not air magic . 
 he landed on top of a table and slid back . 
 before he fell off the table , he pushed himself up with both hands and somersaulted . 
 ember dashed and auron kicked the table in her direction . 
 she cut through it and pushed the two pieces aside . 
 she faced auron again and saw the man with both hands on the ground . 
 an earth spell , she predicted . 
 just before she sprinted , something wrapped around her right foot . 
 she staggered , looked down and saw a vine trapping her foot . 
 `` pretty little trick , '' she mocked and laughed as she knelt trying to yank her foot away . 
 then more vines rose out of the wooden floor , lashing at her and binded her legs . 
 a vine whipped one sword off her hand and wrapped around her wrist . 
 `` invincible you say . 
 i think not . '' 
 auron chuckled with both hands on the ground casting his spell . 
 ember cut the vines with her black blade bathed in flames , setting her self free . 
 suddenly , thicker vines broke through the wooden floor lashing at her again . 
 the vines bind her leg that was covered by her black cloak . 
 with one sword in hand she cut the vines but more continued to rise from the ground , whipping her , and wrapping around her body . 
 `` i will set this place on fire if i have to , auron , '' she threatened . 
 `` i wo n't let you escape me again . 
 you might disappear into thin air like last time . 
 i want to see who is under that mask . '' 
 auron pressed more maju on his spell . 
 his vines became thicker , whipping and lashing ember . 
 `` you must think i am some amateur to be held back by a weak spell . '' 
 ember turned into black smoke again . 
 her white mask remained in its position . 
 all the vines dropped on the floor and ember ascended in the form of a cloud of smoke . 
 she had set herself free and transformed back into her normal body . 
 just before she could level any higher , she saw auron charging at her with his sword . 
 he jumped attempting to pierce her body before she shifted into smoke again . 
 she blocked on time . 
 his blade slid over hers . 
 auron turned his attack into a tackle while in the air , knocking ember to the ground . 
 they fell , auron on top of her . 
 she dug her knee in his belly and tossed him over her body . 
 auron rolled and stood up again . 
 he spun and leaped , blade pointing down while she was still on the ground . 
 ember quickly threw her cloak over her self and her whole body caught on fire . 
 she vanished with fire like blowing the flames of a candle . 
 auron landed as she faded . 
 his blade pierced the wooden floor and he roared in frustration . 
 `` damn it ! 
 i swear i will kill her . '' 
 we will meet again and when we do , i will claim your life , ember 's voice echoed in the library from the abyss . 
 auron surveyed the ceiling . 
 he thought she lingered but she appeared nowhere . 
 `` i ca n't wait to see you try . 
 i know you have not shown me your full power . 
 next time i see you i will kill you and see the coward under that mask , '' auron swore . 
 the library doors burst open . 
 audrey entered with two guards , both wielding staffs that chirped sparks . 
 audrey gasped at the mess of his library . 
 he was flabbergasted and his eyes watered . 
 he gritted his teeth and pulled his messy white hair . 
 `` no ! '' 
 he yelled . 
 `` you ruined my book shelves . 
 the scrolls and collection of books from decades and century old information . 
 what have you done ? '' 
 auron stood up with his sword at hand , sheathing it on his back . 
 he frowned and said , `` audrey , i am sorry . '' 
 he touched the short man 's shoulders . 
 audrey ignored auron and ran to the left side of the library where most of the damage was done . 
 the tables were broken , burned marks on the wall , a few books were burned but a greater amount remained safe . 
 some owl statues had fallen . 
 `` at least the ceiling painting was untouched , '' audrey said and thanked aeramus for saving most of his books and scrolls . 
 `` you will be arrested for the destruction you caused on our library , '' the guards said and their staffs sparked . 
 `` this is a misunderstanding , '' auron said . 
 `` leave him ! '' 
 audrey shouted from the left side of the library . 
 `` it is not his fault . 
 some fiendish woman threatened us and auron had to defend . 
 thank you , auron . '' 
 the guards withdrew their lightning spell and bowed to auron . 
 `` our apologies . '' 
 `` do not worry , '' auron responded . 
 `` i must now be on my way . 
 thank you audrey for the knowledge you provided me and sorry about your library . '' 
 `` you did what you could . 
 just make sure that fiendish woman pays for what she did . '' 
 `` will do , '' auron replied and hasted to the door . 
 `` let us guide you out , '' a guard offered . 
 they escorted auron out of the city . 
 he could only think of that fiendish woman in black with that white mask . 
 had she tailed me all the way here ? 
 he pondered . 
 perhaps she is working for king richard . 
 maybe this was a set up for me to die . 
 either way , i must complete this mission and return home to my village . 
 i pray that richard has not burned it yet . 
 chapter 11 : worth dying crows and vultures waited for the appropriate time to feast . 
 ponds of blood over the land . 
 swords collided . 
 the war with the south raged on . 
 they wore green armor , high steel helmets and their sword art was great . 
 their number was smaller but their magic was greater . 
 defenders of burnahdujf gave up their blood for their country and slayed soldiers of the south . 
 preventing conquest . 
 gold and silver against green and bronze . 
 their shields were easily broken . 
 their swords shattered against burnahdujf titanium steel . 
 only their magic could save their lives . 
 with earth , wind , and fire , they retaliated and defended . 
 boulders bathed in fire flew over the sea of men and fell upon burnahdujf 's knights . 
 the earth shook and buried men . 
 the wind gusted with such sharpness it could cut through stone . 
 `` they are falling ! '' 
 barvoch yelled and his men responded with a proud roar as they battled and cut through flesh , bone , and armor . 
 limbs scattered over the battlefield , painting the grass with red . 
 barvoch fought and his men blitzed through the army . 
 they aimed for the leader to call the battle a victory . 
 he who slayed their enemy 's leader will become a hero of burnahdujf . 
 `` i believe their leader is a queen . 
 it will be like slaying and innocent child , '' oseth said fighting beside barvoch . 
 whenever he swung his twin swords , someone died . 
 `` no queen would march into battle . 
 she is probably sitting on her throne in her castle . 
 we need to find the one who leads their army , '' barvoch replied , blocking an attack . 
 he breathed black haze from his mouth , blinding his enemy . 
 it was one of the few spells he knew . 
 the black haze confused the opponent and made them accidentally slay each other . 
 `` fools ! '' 
 barvoch laughed at his enemy . 
 `` watch out ! '' 
 oseth bellowed . 
 he saw a soldier of the south behind barvoch about to strike . 
 the soldier was tall and muscular much like edd . 
 barvoch looked over his shoulder and spotted the soldier . 
 in a flash , he saw a sword fly into the soldier 's head . 
 the foe immediately collapsed . 
 barvoch looked back and realized that oseth had saved his life . 
 `` you better not say anything . 
 i might change my mind next time that happens , '' oseth denied his actions . 
 he hated barvoch as much as auron did . 
 `` i never asked for your help , '' barvoch responded with his high pitch voice . 
 oseth ran into another mob of soldiers , over fallen bodies . 
 he yanked out his sword from the soldier 's head and ran towards the mob . 
 he ran through , blocking and slashing . 
 he parried with one sword and cut their throat with the other . 
 abruptly , someone pushed him from behind and he staggered forward . 
 he glanced behind and a soldier tackled him with a bronze shield . 
 oseth fell on his face and rapidly flipped himself to his back while on the grass covered in blood . 
 he saw a dozen blades coming from above . 
 he kicked a soldier 's groin while on the floor and was able to block four swords . 
 he heard the other eight soldiers scream in pain . 
 blood fell on his boots . 
 oseth stood up and was ready to attack but then he saw that genie and saron had already taken down the enemy . 
 saron with two daggers , a bow and arrows on his back and many throwing items sheathed in his belt . 
 genie stood by him with her long spear , the only weapon she needed to slay hundreds of men . 
 `` thank you , but i can take care of myself , '' oseth said . 
 `` this is no time to be cocky . 
 you would have been dead meat if we had not slain those men in time , '' genie replied . 
 `` you can not die today . 
 we have a village to save . '' 
 oseth spat on the bloody ground of dead bodies . 
 `` you know i 've been thinking ... what if richard just threatened us to use us for war ? 
 what if he actually did burn down our village ? 
 i just hate the feeling of being used , not only that , but i am sure he lied to us no doubt . '' 
 `` do n't say that , '' genie replied , `` this is the only hope we have and auron is also on a journey to save our village . 
 we are at richard 's mercy , but what else are we supposed to do but fight for our people , rather than this country . '' 
 `` do n't just stand there ! '' 
 a comrade yelled . 
 it was one of barvoch 's men who wore black and had a tiger sigil on his chest plate . 
 he approached them with shield and sword at hand . 
 `` enough with the chatter and resume to battle . '' 
 `` do n't tell us what to do , '' oseth snarled , `` we have killed more of the south soldiers than you . 
 if anything , we should be leading king richard 's army . 
 we are mercenaries not puppets of the king . 
 i take no orders from you . '' 
 `` argh ! 
 i do n't have time for your cocky attitude . 
 you can die for all i care . '' 
 the comrade in black ran into battle again . 
 oseth , genie , and saron ran in the same direction towards the next wave of green soldiers from the south . 
 they ran up a grassy hill that covered their sight from the field beyond . 
 once they reached the top of the hill , their eyes were filled with fear . 
 oseth 's heart skipped a beat and he felt the goosebumps . 
 what they saw was an ocean of men in green and bronze , marching . 
 there were thousands of them . 
 many marched with square bronze shields , some marched riding on large tiger with armor . 
 some rode on hog like creatures with warped horns on their heads and big fangs . 
 they had enormous mammoth behemoth creatures that could stomp on hundreds of men at once . 
 there were at least twenty of these behemoths marching alongside the green with spikes attached to their horns . 
 they made a sound like that of a trumpet with their long nose . 
 soldiers rode inside a fortress built on top of the giant mammoths . 
 `` good dragon gods , '' genie whispered in prayer , her voice icy . 
 `` they tricked us . 
 they saved their real army for last . 
 their number is massive . '' 
 `` they used their first wave of soldiers to take down as many of our men as they could . 
 they decreased our numbers and raised theirs . 
 they pretended to be weak while they hid their real army . 
 we fell for it . '' 
 saron 's analytical mind immediately learned of the enemy 's tactic . 
 although king richard 's army seemed victorious at first , the army that approached was bigger , threefold . 
 `` we ca n't win , '' genie said . 
 `` our army 's number has decreased greatly . 
 we must retreat . '' 
 `` we do not retreat ! '' 
 oseth growled . 
 `` i have an idea . '' 
 from behind them edd came running up the hill . 
 he panted in exhaustion wielding a war hammer and an axe . 
 his weapons were covered in blood as well as his armor . 
 `` why are you three just standing ... '' edd swallowed the last swords of his sentence at the sight of the massive army . 
 `` no , '' he murmured with such hopelessness . 
 he stood by his band mates gazing at the the creatures that approached and the behemoths that stomped the earth able to walk over hundreds of men at once . 
 `` i thought we were taking down their army for sure . '' 
 `` so did we , '' saron said , `` unfortunately , barvoch and the other commanders did not see this coming . 
 we are being led by cretins . 
 sir auron would have foreseen this if this were a mission . '' 
 `` if we follow my plans we wo n't have to get our hands dirty , as much as i love to fight , '' oseth said . 
 `` what are you planning ? '' 
 edd asked staring down at oseth . 
 `` i rather let king richard 's army take the beating than us . 
 we are surely to die if we foolishly charge in to battle . 
 our mission is to find the leader and slay him so that we can end this battle . '' 
 oseth then turned to saron . 
 `` i trust you have a spell to look closer at our enemy . 
 see if you can spot someone of authority on top of the behemoth 's fortress . 
 i am sure their leader would be somewhere up there . '' 
 `` sure . 
 let me take a close look . '' 
 saron clasped his hands together and closed his eyes . 
 `` aerobos keen jobog '' , he prayed and slowly opened his eyes . 
 his pupils were gone and his eyes were a zombified white . 
 the all seeing eye of the white hawk . 
 an air spell he learned from auron . 
 his vision zoomed through the sea of green soldiers . 
 he zoomed his vision to the fortress atop the giant mammoths . 
 he scanned the fortress and only saw soldiers and archers . 
 he scanned to the next fortress , and saw more soldiers . 
 then he zoomed in to the third fortress and it was no different . 
 he spotted someone on what appeared to be a green throne . 
 it was a man and he was very tall , even sitting down . 
 he wore a helmet with horns of a hercules beetle , clad in green and bronze . 
 the man on the throne appeared to be yelling at his soldiers barking out orders . 
 he smacked a soldier with his armored glove . 
 `` that has to be him , '' saron said . 
 `` their leader is on the fortress of the third behemoth . '' 
 saron then canceled his spell and resumed his normal vision . 
 `` good job saron . 
 all we have to do now is find a way to get up there . 
 we must step out of the battlefield and enter in a different angle where we wo n't be noticed . 
 then we strike them and climb up those behemoths . '' 
 edd , saron and genie remained silent for a moment , only the thumping of the marching army was heard . 
 they all stared at oseth in awe . 
 `` you do n't sound like the hot head oseth i know , '' saron commented . 
 `` you actually came up with this plan on your own ? '' 
 genie asked squeezing oseth 's cheek . 
 `` i have a lot of battle experience , this is nothing new to me , '' oseth explained . 
 `` i 've been fighting in battles like these since i was fifteen . 
 i was in a band of thieves before i met you all . '' 
 `` and here i thought you were just a mindless swordsman , '' saron teased . 
 `` you thought wrong . '' 
 `` what are you all doing ? '' 
 a high pitched voice yelled from behind . 
 they all turned and saw barvoch walking up the hill . 
 his black armor was covered in blood . 
 `` their numbers are falling . 
 we are at the cusp of victory and you four are slacking off . '' 
 barvoch reached the top of the hill and stood by the band of the fox . 
 his jaw dropped at the sight of the massive army . 
 `` i hope you have a backup plan , '' oseth said sheathing his swords . 
 `` you better have some strategy if we are to stand a chance against their forces . '' 
 `` we must retreat , '' barvoch 's voice shivered . 
 `` we must withdraw from this fight at once . '' 
 `` if we retreat and make camp , they will follow us and murder our men at nightfall . '' 
 oseth explained and spat on the grass . 
 `` we can not cower away today or we will give them more time to bring more reinforcements . 
 it is better to end this fight now . 
 we must at least scare them away so that we can recruit and return with a better strategy , not just brute force . '' 
 `` do n't talk to me about battle strategy , boy . 
 we must retreat . 
 we can not afford to lose more men . '' 
 barvoch sweated and panted . 
 oseth could tell barvoch wanted to crawl under a rock . 
 he was a coward and only cared about his own survival . 
 `` in that case , good luck telling king richard about your victory and how the south is soon to conquer us . '' 
 oseth walked away , knowing that barvoch had no choice but to face the army . 
 the coward was easy to read for he was vulnerable . 
 `` do you have a better plan , boy ? '' 
 barvoch said unpleasantly , clenching his teeth , spit flew out of his mouth from the last word . 
 `` send our army and we will take down the behemoths . '' 
 `` you do not act alone , '' barvoch snarled . 
 `` do n't you think it 's better to take down the big ones first ? 
 have our team of mages attack their large war animals and the behemoths . 
 they will know what to do . 
 our army might be smaller , but we have more talented soldiers . 
 i know the way they fight . 
 they depend too much on their shields . '' 
 oseth 's battle strategy seemed to have persuaded not only his band mates but barvoch as well . 
 `` you have convinced me . 
 i trust in your plan , but what will you do ? '' 
 `` we will climb up the giant mammoths and use them to stomp on their own army , '' oseth responded with a smirk on his face . 
 `` i hope it goes well . 
 just remember if you find their leader , bring him to me . '' 
 `` he is all yours , '' oseth said and watched barvoch walk away . 
 oseth waited for barvoch to be far enough so he would n't hear him say , `` imbecile . 
 what makes you think that i will just drag over their leader to you if i so happen to find him ? '' 
 `` what now ? '' 
 genie asked . 
 `` we leave the battle field and strike from a different angle , '' oseth answered . 
 ********** a few minutes later , oseth , genie , saron , and edd left the battle area and went to the top of a hill that allowed them to look down at the battleground and the large army of the southern country . 
 the behemoth 's colossal height was equal to the hill that they stood on . 
 the southern country brought many strange creatures of great size in to battle . 
 `` the south country has such massive creatures , '' oseth said , still unsure of how the team would climb up the mammoth . 
 `` we can cripple the beast , '' edd suggested . 
 `` the bigger they are , the harder they fall . '' 
 `` i agree , '' saron said . 
 `` we should be careful ; the enemy up in the fortress might shower us with arrows , '' genie added . 
 sunlight irritated her eyes ; she squinted east at king richard 's army and saw them running towards the enemy . 
 nothing but the sound of boots thumping . 
 shouts and roars echoed from below . 
 the band watched the two armies collide . 
 `` we should wait till the behemoths get closer to this hill , '' oseth plotted . 
 `` let the armies fight and bring the beast closer . '' 
 he saw the two armies commence battle . 
 they looked like ants bumping into each other from atop the hill . 
 knights of burnahdujf died as they pushed through . 
 the armored beasts of the south rammed and killed many . 
 `` how are we going to kill those beasts , '' genie asked . 
 `` leave that to me , '' edd answered , confidence vibrated from his voice . 
 `` i will smash their skulls open . '' 
 a giant mammoth moved closer to their hill from the edge of the battlefield below . 
 from atop the mammoth 's fortress , soldiers began to launch their arrows covering the sun from sight . 
 the shower of arrows fell like rain on king richard 's army . 
 many men fell and the southerners continued to push with their bronze shields . 
 `` perhaps it would have been better to retreat . '' 
 genie became doubtful . 
 `` have faith will ya ? 
 it 's not the first time we have faced such monsters , '' edd reminded . 
 `` we 've had deadlier missions before . 
 the only difference is that we are n't getting paid for this one , '' saron complained . 
 `` my mind just hatched an idea , '' oseth said rubbing his shaved chin . 
 the band members turned their heads and heed to his warfare knowledge . 
 `` seeing those flying arrows just gave me an idea . '' 
 `` well , spit it out already , '' genie said impatiently . 
 oseth smirked and said , `` we will use arrows as tools for climbing . 
 creatively speaking , we can use the arrows to climb if saron can somehow embed a trail of arrows up the behemoth 's leg . '' 
 `` what ! '' 
 edd , saron , and genie said simultaneously . 
 `` think about it . 
 saron has plenty of arrows to shoot a trail up the behemoth 's leg . 
 we can climb using the arrows . 
 saron 's arrows are made of strong hickory wood and will be able to hold our weight . '' 
 the band of the fox looked at oseth with awe . 
 that strategic mind . 
 it was something auron would have thought of . 
 it was as if auron 's presence lingered somewhere inside oseth . 
 `` do you really think that would work ? 
 wo n't that make us vulnerable ? '' 
 genie asked anxiously , her eyes bloomed with hope . 
 `` it 's worth a try ? '' 
 oseth answered . 
 as the war below raged on , a giant mammoth walked by their hill . 
 its enormous body casted a colossal shadow . 
 soldiers and wild beast marched beside it . 
 the shrinking army of burnahdujf managed to slaughter many of the beasts in the front line of the southerner 's army . 
 burnahdujf 's mages began to cast fire upon the behemoths . 
 they ignited boulders and launched them . 
 the missiles shattered once they touched the giant mammoths . 
 not much damage was made , but the mages kept shooting fireballs and the knights continued to launch more boulders with their catapults . 
 the south soldiers deflected the magic of the mages with their bronze shield and slayed them , forcing them to retreat . 
 `` get ready , edd , '' oseth commanded . 
 edd set his hands on a large boulder that protruded from the ground of the hill . 
 he casted an earth spell to make it lighter and remove its mass temporarily . 
 `` terraibos massovig , '' he chanted . 
 effortlessly , he lifted the boulder over his head . 
 it was thrice bigger than his size . 
 he trudged to the edge of the hill , the boulder was still somewhat heavy for him but its regular weight would have crushed him . 
 `` big man coming through , '' he joked as he paced to the slope of the hill . 
 `` once i release it . 
 it will gain its regular weight and crush the green soldiers . '' 
 `` you are a real meat head , '' saron mocked . 
 edd tossed the boulder down the hill . 
 it thumped and rolled down the hill . 
 the green soldiers below saw the boulder and screamed . 
 it rolled through a line of soldiers squashing them and breaking their phalanx . 
 blood squirted and seeped out of their body . 
 their shields smashed , their armor dented . 
 saron then began to shoot his arrows at the mammoth passing by . 
 he shot an arrow and it embedded in the thick skin of the mammoth . 
 he continued to shoot , making a zigzag pattern . 
 he had a whole quiver of arrows on his back that could last a day 's worth of warfare . 
 with the , aerobos keen jobog , spell , he shot arrows precisely where needed . 
 the trail of arrows reached above the leg of the behemoth , just below the fortress on its back . 
 saron made sure he embedded them closely to each other for better climbing . 
 `` there we go , '' saron sighted . 
 his hand ached a bit from shooting so much . 
 he still had a quiver full to take down a phalanx of soldiers . 
 `` edd , do you think you can throw more boulders down there ? '' 
 oseth asked . 
 `` with no problem , '' edd said and turned back to the rocky ground of the hill . 
 he casted his spell and lifted another boulder , thrice his size . 
 he paced to the edge of the hill , trudging slowly like the behemoths themselves and tossed the rock down the slope . 
 the boulder rolled down and the green soldiers screamed in terror . 
 their shields , armor and bones broke under the boulders weight . 
 blood gushed and squirted out of their body . 
 the giant rock had killed countless soldiers breaking their phalanx and making a path for the band of the fox . 
 `` everyone ! 
 down the slope now , '' oseth commanded . 
 `` wait , '' edd stopped them before they left . 
 `` let me guide you down . '' 
 edd lifted another flat boulder and slammed it by the slope of the hill . 
 `` get on , '' he told his band mates . 
 `` what are you plotting ? '' 
 genie asked . 
 `` you will get there faster . 
 i will stay here and use my earth spell to move the rock down the slope and to the behemoth 's leg . 
 now get on . '' 
 oseth , genie and saron jumped on the flat boulder . 
 `` hang on , '' edd advised . 
 he pushed the stone with the bottom of his boot . 
 the flat boulder slid down the slope , plowing the ground . 
 edd controlled the direction of the boulder with his maju and carefully watched them surf down . 
 the green soldiers below noticed the band of the fox approaching . 
 a soldier shouted and commanded his troops to prepare . 
 saron saw the soldier in front of the line raising his fist in the air and assumed the soldier led the troops . 
 he aimed , shot an arrow ; the missile plunged into the soldier 's right eye and instantly died . 
 the boulder reached the ground below . 
 as they surfed by the phalanx of soldier 's , genie inhale and then blew a gust of cold wind . 
 her compound spell of air and water frosted the phalanx of soldiers as the boulder surfed by them . 
 the soldiers were paralyzed with ice . 
 the boulder stopped just before the moving feet of the giant mammoth . 
 oseth quickly jumped off and ran to the ladder of arrows embedded on the mammoth 's thick skin . 
 he grabbed on to the arrows and climbed . 
 once he was high enough , saron climbed next and genie went last holding her spear with one hand . 
 it was difficult to hold on , but hickory wood was strong enough to carry their weight . 
 saron was fortunate to have chosen such strong wood as auron advised him . 
 the three managed to climb up without breaking any arrows . 
 the green soldiers above on the fortress were unable to spot them climbing up . 
 the army below them could not reach and those who tried to climb up would get speared by genie , or a knife between their eyes by saron . 
 oseth continued climbing and reached the slope of the behemoth 's back . 
 he climbed until he was able to walk on its rough skin . 
 he helped saron and genie up and the three stood together on the back of the creature . 
 `` that was fun , '' saron said , panting and sweating . 
 `` let 's hurry up and finish this damn mission so that we can go back home , '' oseth reminded . 
 there was a ladder to the fortress . 
 oseth went first . 
 he climbed , reached the top and entered a room with six armored soldiers that were preparing for battle . 
 oseth drew his twin swords . 
 the soldiers stormed to kill him . 
 they carried no shields . 
 oseth parried two swords and swung at their necks spilling their blood . 
 two more lunged at him . 
 saron entered the room and hurled knives at the soldiers ' heads . 
 they collapsed and two more remained . 
 there was fear in their eyes after seeing their comrades fall to the band of the fox . 
 `` you want to die too ? '' 
 oseth asked with a fiendish smirk . 
 the two soldiers fled down the hallway of the fortress . 
 `` saron , go on front in case anyone else appears , '' oseth commanded . 
 saron took the lead down the narrow hallway . 
 genie had reached the room and followed behind them . 
 the fortress was made of thick birch wood and steel parts on the wall . 
 the southern country had some innovation . 
 there were many weapons hanging on the wall . 
 odd shaped swords and spears . 
 there was a round shield hanging on the wall and a square one right next to it . 
 most weapons were made of bronze and some of silver . 
 `` you do n't see these kinds of weapons in burnahdujf . '' 
 genie commented , holding her spear vertically as they hurried down the hall . 
 a southern soldier appeared at the end of the hallway . 
 saron shot an arrow in the soldiers head and the man collapsed . 
 they hasted to the end of the narrow hallway . 
 at the intersection to the left there were stairs leading up to the surface of the fortress . 
 light shined from above the stairs and they scampered up . 
 at the end of the stairs , there were three soldiers . 
 one was holding a long rod that rose from the wooden floor . 
 the three soldiers looked at saron over their shoulders . 
 they startled and lunged for their swords at their waist . 
 saron gave them no chance and hurled two daggers at the soldiers . 
 they died immediately with their hands at the hilt of their sword . 
 saron stared at the soldier who refused to let go of the rod . 
 `` i am guessing you are the one who controls this mammoth , '' saron assumed . 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 the soldier asked with a shaky voice . 
 `` what does that rod do ? '' 
 saron nicked an arrow on his bow and pulled on the string . 
 `` tell me before i kill you . '' 
 genie and oseth came up the stairs and saw two men dead on the floor . 
 genie approached the soldier holding the rod and pointed her long spear at him . 
 `` north empire bastards . 
 you will die for what your king did to my home , '' the soldier grieved . 
 `` i understand your pain , '' oseth said pacing toward the soldier with his twin swords covered in blood . 
 `` but sadly , i do n't care ; we all suffer one way or another . 
 now , i want you to tell me how to control this behemoth before i stick my swords in your gut . '' 
 `` if you kill me , you wo n't know how to use the lever , '' the soldier trembled in fear trying to persuade his way out of getting kill . 
 `` thank you . 
 that is all i need to know . '' 
 oseth plunged his twin swords inside the soldier 's chest . 
 the soldier gasped for air , made a gagging noise and his life faded . 
 `` why did you kill him ? '' 
 genie asked with regret . 
 `` that seemed unnecessary . 
 it almost scared me a little , '' saron added . 
 `` you two speak as if you do n't know me well enough . '' 
 oseth ignored them and turned his attention to the lever . 
 it began to tilt to the right . 
 oseth grasped it , preventing it from turning . 
 saron looked down the fortress and saw the enormous head of the mammoth . 
 he saw the two armies fighting below like ants . 
 he noticed many bulky ropes going down from the fortress to the mammoths head . 
 `` it is some kind of pulley system to control the behemoth . 
 i think the lever controls its direction . 
 try moving the lever to the left , '' saron told oseth . 
 his band mate sheathed his twin swords and began to push the lever to the left . 
 it was hard , but oseth put his weight on to it and it slowly moved . 
 he was able to turn the lever to the left almost touching the floor . 
 saron looked down the fortress to the mammoths head and saw the ropes stretching to the left . 
 the mammoth made a trumpet like sound . 
 its head tilted left and it began to move in that direction . 
 `` it worked . '' 
 saron jumped with excitement watching the behemoth turning left . 
 the mammoth stomped the southerners below . 
 it began to step on its own army against its will . 
 hundreds of green and bronze soldiers died under the foot of the mammoth . 
 the creature reigned over them . 
 they tried to run but the behemoth 's foot was inescapable . 
 the band of the fox heard many small shrieks and screams of agony from below . 
 `` that has to be the worst way to die . '' 
 genie shivered in disgust of images in her head . 
 she could see and feel the soldier 's body being crushed by the behemoth . 
 `` do n't think about it too much . 
 it 's not like they are on our side , '' oseth rationalized . 
 the behemoth bumped its head and horns on to the other beast . 
 the fortress tilted . 
 the band of the fox lost their balance . 
 the fortress shook much like an earthquake . 
 the floor slanted . 
 gravity began to push them . 
 oseth grabbed on to the lever , lying on his side parallel to the floor . 
 saron grabbed on to the handrails . 
 genie plunged her spear into the wooden floor and held on . 
 `` let go and slide down , '' oseth ordered . 
 genie released her spear from the floor and allowed her body to slide down the slanting floor of the fortress . 
 saron went after her and then oseth . 
 they slid all the way down to a balcony . 
 the three stood on the bars of the balcony . 
 the wind was strong at such great height . 
 the fortress had crashed into the second behemoth . 
 the two fortresses were connected by the collision . 
 soldiers fell from the fortress down to the battlefield . 
 shattered wood rained down on the two armies at war . 
 the two mammoth behemoths became frustrated and clashed horns and pushed each other . 
 as the mammoths fought oseth , genie , and saron jumped across to the other fortress . 
 it was a short jump to the other balcony . 
 the second fortress still stood . 
 they hasted down its hallways and went up the stairs to pull the lever . 
 everything was the same as the interior of the first fortress . 
 saron took a pair of daggers and knives that he saw on the wall and sheathed them in his belt . 
 he took the lead up the stairs again with bow and arrow at hand . 
 at the end , there was a group of southern soldiers . 
 five of them lunged for their swords . 
 saron shot his first arrow and it landed in the eye socket of a soldier . 
 swords hissed from the other four soldier 's waist and saron shot another arrow . 
 another man fell . 
 three soldiers had fully drawn their sword and saron shot another arrow . 
 another man fell and two ran at him . 
 saron shot another arrow taking one of the running soldiers down . 
 the last one ran with his sword . 
 abruptly , genie 's spear extended from behind saron and its blade stabbed through the soldier 's armor . 
 the soldier dropped his sword and groaned painfully . 
 genie twisted the blade of her spear and yanked it out . 
 the soldier dropped dead with a mouth full of blood . 
 without hesitation , oseth went to pull the lever . 
 it was tilting to the right . 
 oseth pushed to the left and forced the gears of the fortress to pull the thick ropes . 
 saron glanced down at the colossal head of the mammoth and saw the creature turning its head to the left . 
 it began to trudge towards the other behemoth . 
 it squashed soldiers below and gave the army of burnahdujf an edge in battle . 
 `` there is nothing like using your opponent 's weapon against them , '' oseth laughed and triumphed . 
 soon the behemoth 's fortress crashed into its fellow mammoth . 
 wood shattered and the fortress began to slant . 
 the band of the fox slid down the wooden floors and then leaped to the third fortress from a balcony . 
 it seemed that all fortresses atop the behemoths were built with the same design . 
 the band of the fox ran down the hallway and up the stairs one last time . 
 at the end of the stairs , the floor seemed different from the other two fortresses . 
 the floor stretched longer . 
 ahead , saron saw the backside of a chair that was designed much like a throne with two soldiers by its side . 
 saron shot two arrows and instantly killed the guards . 
 they dropped dead and the person who had been sitting on the throne stood up and looked behind his seat . 
 there he spotted saron , and then oseth and genie arrived . 
 the three mercenaries leered at the tall man . 
 he had to be at least six feet tall and wore a helmet with horns of a hercules beetle . 
 clad in green and bronze armor . 
 his armor resembled a beetle . 
 those spikes and bumps were like that of a bug 's shell . 
 genie hated bugs . 
 `` yuck ! 
 is this the type of armor the high class men wear in the south country ? 
 horrible , '' genie criticized . 
 `` you are warriors from the north empire , '' the beetle armored man said . 
 he reached down just below the throne . 
 the band of the fox could not see . 
 he pulled out a large broad sword . 
 it was inside its scabbard . 
 it was thick and four feet long . 
 it looked like a blacksmith had taken a whole year to forge such raw steel . 
 even edd would have trouble wielding it , but this man lifted it as if it were a dagger . 
 he drew out the sword making a long hissing sound then he pointed it at the band of the fox . 
 `` do n't think that you can claim my life so easy . 
 with the king beetle sword , you will meet your end . '' 
 the three mercenaries laughed . 
 they had no fear despite of how strong their foe was . 
 `` what is it with you southerners and big size ? '' 
 oseth asked crossing his twin swords . 
 `` i can only imagine the size of your queen squashing her throne with her arse . '' 
 `` do n't mock my queen , you northern bastard . 
 i will slaughter all three of you for the deeds of the legendary four brothers of burnahdujf , '' the tall man threatened . 
 `` i do n't have time for history lessons . 
 i will bring your head to my idiotic captain and end this battle , '' oseth insulted and the band of the fox spread . 
 genie went left and saron took the right . 
 oseth remained in the middle . 
 the bettle armored man leaped towards saron . 
 the short man shot an arrow but it was blocked by the large sword . 
 the enemy swung his sword horizontally with such speed as if it were a kitchen knife . 
 saron 's heart pounded , he ducked and felt the giant sword over his back slashing the air . 
 the tall man recovered for another swing and saron went for his chest with a dagger . 
 the tall armored man backhanded him with a bronze glove . 
 saron 's cheek bruised and he spat blood , staggering to the side . 
 the southerner swung his sword again . 
 oseth leaped and blocked the giant sword with his twin swords . 
 the force pushed him back , making his boots slide over the wooden floor . 
 he felt the vibration of the blades running through his body . 
 genie charged in with her spear and the tall southerner blocked it with his arm guard and grabbed it . 
 he pulled her in with her own weapon then punched the beauty off her face with his armored knuckles . 
 her nose bled and her pretty cheeks bruised purple . 
 the tall southerner suddenly gagged at a sudden pain from his neck . 
 he did not see it coming , but saron had hurled a dagger into his neck while genie and oseth fought . 
 `` i think that was easy enough . 
 the bigger they are , the slower they fight . '' 
 saron stood up snickering , rubbing his bruised cheek , and wiping the blood off his lips . 
 `` our job is done , '' oseth said , panting , heart pounding . 
 he thought he almost died at the swing of that huge sword . 
 genie 's eyes watered and her face was red . 
 the three mercenaries flabbergasted when they saw the tall southerner yank the dagger out of his neck . 
 `` impossible , '' oseth whispered . 
 the southerner lifted his giant sword again . 
 oseth leaped and sunk his swords in the man 's chest , refusing to give the southerner a fighting chance . 
 genie thrust her spear into the tall man 's ribs . 
 he gasped for air and dropped his giant sword . 
 it thudded and clanked on the wooden floor and he fell to his knees . 
 the life in his eyes faded . 
 `` join your comrades in necrovania , beetle head freak . '' 
 oseth gave his last affront and decapitated the southerner . 
 the head rolled gushing blood , crimsoning the floor . 
 `` disgusting , '' genie murmured . 
 `` let 's not waste anymore time , '' oseth said , `` squash the army and make the behemoth collide against the others . '' 
 `` you should stop bossing us . 
 we all know what to do , '' saron stated . 
 he walked over to push the lever . 
 he tilted it to the left . 
 the mammoth made that trumpet sound again and turned , trudging over the southerner 's army . 
 the behemoth collided with the other giant creatures with fortresses on their backs , knocking them over . 
 `` straighten the lever and let the beast stomp across , '' oseth said as he watched the dying army of the south . 
 auron , you better be alive , he thought at that moment . 
 he did not like to tell the others what to do , but with auron gone , he felt compelled to . 
 the band of the fox watched the two armies from the fortress . 
 they saw the southern army retreating , running around the feet of their mammoths . 
 king richard 's army triumphed . 
 they slayed and pushed the southerners back and decreased their numbers . 
 `` everyone , we can call this a victory . 
 let 's get off this animal and go home for god sakes , '' oseth said and sighed . 
 he wiped the sweat of his forehead feeling as if a load had been removed from his back . 
 they turned the lever and forced the behemoth to turn right to the hill from which edd stood waiting for them . 
 ********** smoke billowed from the battle field . 
 the southern army that was once a sea of men in green and bronze armor was now a crimson graveyard . 
 ponds of blood , squashed bodies , gore scattered over the grass and the behemoths that once stood reigning over thousands of men now lied dead with destroyed fortresses on their backs . 
 king richard 's army walked through the field of dead bodies covering their noses from the stench . 
 they made sure there were no survivors . 
 they put any breathing soldier out of their misery and set piles of bodies on fire . 
 the gatekeepers of necrovania joyfully welcomed souls to the dark realm . 
 odiamus , the dragon god of darkness , always relished warfare , for he prospered from death . 
 the sun began to hide , hinting at night time . 
 the battle was won but the war with the south country was sure to continue . 
 how many more soldiers could the queen of the south bring to their doom ? 
 at least that is what barvoch thought , as he gazed at the graveyard from a hill . 
 `` the queen of the south will piss on herself once she is notified of her fallen army , '' barvoch said and his men snickered . 
 many of his band members survived . 
 burnahdujf 's army had gone from thousands to hundreds of soldiers , but they stood victorious . 
 the men returned to their camping ground to rest and travel north to the capital city . 
 barvoch watched his army returning to camp and waited for the band of the fox . 
 from the west side of the hill , he saw the four mercenaries approaching . 
 oseth walked in front of the group carrying a helmet in his left hand . 
 please tell me he brought the head of the south army 's leader , barvoch anxiously pondered . 
 oseth approached him with his band mates behind him . 
 he raised the object he carried in his left hand . 
 it was a bettle helmet . 
 he threw it on the floor and it landed next to barvoch 's feet . 
 `` it is all yours , '' oseth said . 
 the band of the fox then walked away eager to go back home . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 barvoch yelled as they departed . 
 the four stopped and turned back . 
 `` what else could you possibly want ? 
 the war is over ? '' 
 genie stated , wishing she could just spear the greedy bastard . 
 `` you did not complete your mission , '' barvoch told them picking up the beetle helmet from the ground . 
 `` i thought i told you to bring me the head of their leader . 
 this is just a souvenir . '' 
 oseth stormed between genie and edd pushing them aside . 
 `` can you really be that stupid ? '' 
 he snarled . 
 `` what makes you think i am going to capture their leader and then drag him over here to you . 
 this is war . 
 as soon as you see an enemy , you take them down without hesitation . 
 how selfish can you be to want that opportunity all for yourself ? 
 this is no time for your narcissism . '' 
 `` i gave you orders and you did not follow it completely through , '' barvoch disputed . 
 `` i will not allow you to take glory for your unfinished mission . 
 this souvenir is useless . 
 king richard wants us to bring the head of the enemy back to the castle . 
 yes , the battle is won but this is the king 's request . 
 this means that now , i must take the blame or punishment because of you . '' 
 `` poor king richard is going to be furious because he did n't get to put the enemy 's head on a spike . 
 is that some kind of sick pleasure of royalty ? '' 
 oseth mocked , with a mimicking voice like that of child . 
 `` i guess his majesty wo n't be satisfied with today 's victory either . 
 it must be good to be royalty . 
 even leading the king 's army does not get you the prestige you seek . 
 i guess i would be angry too if i had to rub the king 's shaft to go up a few ranks . '' 
 `` you should be happy that we are letting you take the glory of this battle , '' edd added . 
 `` all we ask in return is that you leave us alone and allow us to return back to our village . '' 
 the four band members walked away again , turning their backs on barvoch . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 barvoch yelled again . 
 the band of the fox stopped once more . 
 `` what is it now ? '' 
 genie whined . 
 `` your services are no longer needed , '' barvoch said with dirty smirk . 
 `` rest well in necrovania my good rivals . '' 
 saron saw one of barvoch 's men raising a bow and arrow . 
 he drew a knife from his belt and hurled it at the archer in black armor . 
 the knife flew across barvoch 's men and plunged into the archers head , killing him in an instant . 
 `` he is attempting to kill us ! '' 
 saron screamed from the top of his lungs . 
 barvoch 's men raised their bows and arrows preparing to murder the band of the fox . 
 `` say hello to auron for me when you reach necrovania , '' barvoch snickered . 
 `` edd , you know what to do ? '' 
 oseth hinted . 
 edd abruptly punched his fist into the ground inserting his maju . 
 the ground made a quick thud under their feet and a wall of earth rose from the ground fifteen feet tall . 
 they heard the sound of arrows plunging into the wall . 
 `` i knew it would turn this way , '' oseth said . 
 `` i did n't know when , but i had a feeling he was going to try to kill us . '' 
 `` forget about that , '' saron snarled . 
 `` we have to kill him first before he gets us . '' 
 suddenly , the sound of arrows ceased . 
 they heard the hissing sound of swords being drawn from their scabbards . 
 oseth drew one of his swords and popped open the pommel . 
 inside the handle was a sorcery stone . 
 he took it out and clenched it in his right hand . 
 `` what are you planning ? '' 
 saron asked . 
 `` i am going to cast the biggest spell i have on these bastards but i am going to need support and more maju , '' oseth plotted . 
 he prayed with a fist on his forehead . 
 `` pikanbos madnious '' , he chanted . 
 the sound of arrows returned this time flying over the wall of earth . 
 `` everyone , it 's time for fox mage formation , '' oseth ordered and stood up . 
 `` it 's been a while since we 've done that . '' 
 genie recalled a year old mission when they had first invented the attack plan . 
 `` edd take the lead , '' oseth commanded . 
 `` may the dragons have mercy on these men because i do n't . '' 
 edd smiled and pressed his back against the wall of earth . 
 `` terriora bartegas , '' he shouted . 
 rocks and gravel began to run over his body covering him . 
 the rocks came to him from the wall as if he was a magnet . 
 the rocks covered his head leaving an opening for the eyes . 
 edd 's torso , arms and legs were completely clad by rocks and gravel . 
 it was an earthy armor , two inches thick . 
 he rammed through the wall of earth towards barvoch and his men . 
 genie ran behind him and saron behind genie . 
 oseth stayed charging his fire spell . 
 as edd ran , no arrow or bolt could break through his rock armor . 
 genie and saron ran behind him as edd shielded them from the missiles . 
 edd bashed through barvoch 's men . 
 they cleared out as he bumped in to them . 
 genie lashed her spear and saron swung his daggers and hurled knives . 
 ten men fell within seconds . 
 barvoch ran from the fight . 
 he shrieked at the sudden wall of fire and panicked . 
 he looked above over the fire and saw a creature bathed in flames , glared at him . 
 it looked deadly . 
 it was shaped like a gargoyle . 
 ram horns twisted from the sides of its head and it had fangs of a snake . 
 it flapped its wings and breathed fire over his soldiers . 
 `` damn it ! '' 
 barvoch cursed . 
 oseth came into battle . 
 he had not drawn his twin swords but he was controlling the inferno gargoyle . 
 a magic circle tattoed on the back of his hand glowed . 
 he had summoned the gargoyle and the beast burned barvoch 's men . 
 their armor and their flesh melted until there was nothing but embers . 
 edd released his earth armor spell . 
 all the rocks and gravel that covered his body fell off and he was back to his regular form . 
 fire crackled over dead bodies and only barvoch remained . 
 oseth dismissed the fire gargoyle and the creature faded with its flames in the wind like blowing away a candle . 
 `` you know i had forgotten that you are able to summon , '' genie commented , stabbing a man burning on the ground . 
 `` yes , it 's almost been a year since i used that spell . 
 i do n't like to use it . 
 it absorbs too much maju , '' oseth explained then spotted barvoch scurrying on the ground trying to escape unnoticed . 
 `` where do you think you are going , coward ! '' 
 genie yelled . 
 barvoch stopped and stood up , brushing the moss off his leggings . 
 `` good job taking down my men . 
 the band of the fox has much talent . 
 what are you going to do now ? '' 
 `` kill you , of course , '' oseth answered . 
 `` come now . 
 you do n't have the heart to kill an old band mate . 
 so we did have our rivalries but look at you . 
 you have won the battle and took the life of my men . 
 i must now start from scratch . 
 you have taken everything from me . 
 what else could i possibly lose ? '' 
 barvoch frowned and stared at the ground . 
 he dropped his sword as a sign of surrender . 
 `` after that attempt to kill us , we ca n't just let you go unharmed , '' oseth argued . 
 `` how about if you give me one last duel before you die just like the good old days . 
 at least you can die by my sword , knowing that you tried your best . '' 
 barvoch snickered , `` i see why auron values you so much . '' 
 he knelt to pick up his sword . 
 he reached for a knife hidden inside his vambrace and hurled it . 
 oseth tried to block it but the knife plunged into his left bicep . 
 barvoch hurled another knife at saron . 
 the short man was not quick enough . 
 the knife sunk into his shoulder . 
 saron groaned and became paralyzed for a moment . 
 edd and genie froze at the sudden attack and watched barvoch run away . 
 edd went after the coward and lifted a sword on the ground . 
 edd hurled the sword at the running coward and it landed inside his spine . 
 barvoch gave a quick grunt of pain and felt his soul being tugged out of his body and down to necrovania . 
 genie stayed with oseth who fell to his knees . 
 his vision began to blur and his joints felt weak . 
 saron fell as well with the same symptoms . 
 genie pulled the knife out of oseth 's bicep and saw a cloak of green liquid over the steel . 
 `` poison , '' she whispered with a shaky voice of despair . 
 she hurried over to saron and pulled out the knife from his shoulder before he absorbed any more poison . 
 `` no ! '' 
 genie yelled . 
 `` do n't die on me . '' 
 she grabbed both of her friends and placed them next to each other . 
 oseth tried to get up but the poison traveled quickly through his body . 
 saron felt the poison weakening him . 
 his vision blurred , his joints became weak and he felt his body stiffening . 
 edd returned to genie and knelt next to her . 
 `` barvoch is dead . '' 
 `` good , '' genie said proudly . 
 `` i only wish i could have killed him myself . '' 
 `` will oseth and saron live ? '' 
 edd asked with much worry . 
 `` i know this type of poison , '' genie answered solemnly . 
 `` it spreads fast . 
 it is nothing i have not cured before but there is a chance they could die . '' 
 chapter 12 : shades of red auron flew on garuda to amaranth island . 
 it was only dozens of leagues away . 
 as the giant bird took him to his destination , auron did nothing but ponder . 
 he thought of that white masked woman . 
 he thought of what master akielas had said that day when he visited the village unexpectedly . 
 he mulled about his band mates and prayed to the dragon gods that they were still alive . 
 the wind lashed his face and whistled . 
 the sun shined brilliantly . 
 the new day did not feel much different from yesterday . 
 he could still feel his sword clashing against ember 's black blades . 
 ember , the word echoed and bounced inside his head . 
 she was named after a dying fire . 
 `` could she have some affiliation with king richard ? 
 if so , then there is a possibility that i quest in vain . '' 
 he imagined king richard already burning his village . 
 he began to think that akielas was right and perhaps he ignored the truth so that he may live in peace in his village . 
 he then decided to leave those thoughts in the back of his head at least until he returned to burnahdujf . 
 he had a much bigger problem at the moment . 
 dealing with his tribal family . 
 their vigorous and wild nature was sure to irritate him . 
 as the hours passed , garuda shrieked and startled auron who was half asleep . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 he asked the feathered creature . 
 then he looked ahead and there it was . 
 the orange mountains and hills of amaranth island . 
 he could feel their maju from miles away . 
 he could already see them moving rapidly through the trees . 
 he took a deep breath and exhaled until his lungs were empty . 
 he thought he would never have to return to this dreadful island . 
 `` they probably wo n't even recognize me , '' auron predicted . 
 garuda was now closer to the island . 
 its hills and mountains became taller . 
 `` garuda , land on the shore , '' auron ordered his eedahlan . 
 the giant bird shrieked and slightly closed its wings and its body lowered just above the ocean water . 
 it flew until it reached the shore . 
 it flapped its wings then descended to the beach . 
 garuda stood on two legs digging its talons into the sands . 
 the eedahlan knelt like a human and lowered its head . 
 auron unmounted his summon spirit . 
 his boots sunk into the sands . 
 he stretched his arms in relief after sitting for so many hours . 
 his bones cracked and he yawned loudly as if the morning sun had awoken him . 
 auron surveyed the shore area . 
 up the slope of sand there was nothing but palm trees and hills above . 
 `` garuda you are dismiss . '' 
 he released his summoned spirit . 
 the giant bird shrieked and kicked off the ground . 
 its wings thudded as it elevated . 
 it turned away from the island and flew over the sea . 
 auron saw the creature 's body shatter into feathers and golden dust that glinted from the sunlight . 
 auron walked up the slope and into the wild of the island . 
 as he entered the jungle , he drew his sword and raised his guard . 
 the trees began to change . 
 there were no palm trees , now he saw oak trees of green , orange , and yellow leaves like the autumn of burnahdujf . 
 he walked over tall grass cutting his way through . 
 the vegetation was odd . 
 plants he had not seen before or remembered . 
 he walked over green , yellow and brown moss . 
 some spiky dots stuck to his pants . 
 bugs of all colors and bizarre shapes climbed on his boot . 
 he panicked and kicked them off . 
 he ran in fear of bugs . 
 something flew by and auron startled . 
 he stopped and scanned the area . 
 on the branch of a red oak tree , he saw a furry white creature that reminded him of a monkey . 
 it had a long tail and big long rabbit ears . 
 it stared at him with big black glossy eyes and made a shrieking sound . 
 it opened its arms showing fleshy bat like wings , and glided through the jungle . 
 auron 's eyes followed it and saw it fly into the yellow leaves of an oak . 
 the tall trees covered the sun light . 
 the jungle had many plants of bright colors , reds , orange and yellows . 
 the colors brought life to his eyes and he felt the maju of the amaranth tribe . 
 auron continued to cut through the tall grass . 
 oak trees with orange leaves reigned and carried schools of parrots and other wild birds with curved beaks and rainbow feathers . 
 its thick branches spread across the jungle . 
 he saw more white apes on its branches , jumping off and gliding down with bat like wings from their opened arms . 
 leaves fell from above . 
 auron caught one and it began to flutter out of his hand . 
 it was a strange bug and it flew away . 
 `` i do n't remember much of this forest . 
 the tribe 's village must be beyond i assume . 
 the dangers of this jungle are the least of my worries . '' 
 more leaves fell from above . 
 they danced with gravity then unfolded and fluttered away . 
 auron stepped out of the tall grass and on to a path of gravel and moss . 
 the tall grass tickled his side as he passed by them . 
 it was a silent walk that haunted him . 
 coos , shrieks , animal grunts and the whistling song of birds echoed . 
 auron refused to sheath his sword . 
 the forest was serene , but if he did not leave by nightfall , then the real predators would hunt him . 
 he remembered running through the forest as a child . 
 a thirteen year old escaping his tribe during the night when glowing eyes glared at him from the shadows of the forest . 
 he ran from his tribe that hunted him down to kill him for his failure . 
 his brothers , sisters , aunts , uncles , elderly and even his father wanted him dead . 
 auron 's heartbeat rose as he thought of that dreadful day . 
 panthers pounced at him , snakes tried to poison him and other flesh eating creatures wanted to eat him . 
 that dreadful day when he stole his father 's boat and drifted into an ocean storm . 
 the waves sunk him into the sea and young auron lost consciounes underwater . 
 when he opened his eyes , he was in a better place , by akielas ' side . 
 `` such a transition . 
 from the wild to castle civilization , '' auron said as he cut through tall grass . 
 he stumbled on a rock that protruded from the ground and staggered . 
 his eyes spotted something on the ground . 
 there was a stone in an angry red color . 
 is that mine ? 
 he asked himself and picked up the red sorcery stone from the gravel path . 
 he realized that it was the gemstone akielas had given him for his eighteenth birthday . 
 it carries an enormous amount of fire maju , akielas had told him . 
 auron had no use of it since he did not know any fire spells like oseth . 
 he kept it in his belt pocket believing that one day he would use it , despite his aversion for the element . 
 countless times he thought of giving it away , until one day auron found a good use of it . 
 `` i sense the day is near when i will use this sorcery stone . 
 although i am not sure if i can handle its maju . '' 
 auron knew his body 's weakness for the element of fire . 
 perhaps that is why he struggled with oseth so much . 
 their maju collided and caused them to dislike one another at times . 
 auron 's innate nature was earth and air , or so akielas had told him . 
 meaning that earth and air magic was easier for him to learn . 
 however , auron disliked limiting himself so he learned water magic and was able to master his lightning spell . 
 he was the only magus in burnahdujf to have learned three elements , which is why so many of the higher class employers hired him and the band of the fox . 
 his unique magus ability was in high demand . 
 auron placed the sorcery stone inside his belt pocket . 
 his fear of the pebble was silly . 
 he could not help but to think how much maju akielas had stored in that stone . 
 i will find out someday , he thought and procrastinated to ever learn pyromancy . 
 ever since oseth joined the band , he did not feel a need to learn it . 
 auron shoved the thought away and resumed his walk through the jungle . 
 the path soon turned into moss under his feet . 
 his boots were covered in green . 
 he noticed green spiky dots climbing up the sides of his pants . 
 he panicked and brushed them off and cursed . 
 he walked faster through the forest . 
 taller oak trees spread their branches long and wide like a spider web . 
 the big oaks had red leaves . 
 the color red meant that they were closer . 
 i bet they can already sense my maju , auron wagered . 
 as he walked among the oaks , the grass was shorter . 
 suddenly he felt the ground shaking and heard thumping sounds approaching . 
 `` good terramus , '' he murmured and looked behind . 
 a herd of forest creatures ran towards him . 
 auron was afraid at first , but then the herd ignored him and ran passed him . 
 canines , panthers , rabbits , and a half bear half moose animal . 
 a flock of yellow and blue birds flew and he ducked as they swarmed over his head . 
 what are they running from ? 
 auron asked the dragon gods . 
 white apes jumped from tree to tree . 
 he thought it was over until a family of purple elephants ran in his direction . 
 they blew their horns , all six of them . 
 they had four eyes , a lump on their backs and horns from the side of their heads warping down . 
 auron jumped to the side and avoided the family of elephants . 
 `` some predator is approaching.well , i am not running away . '' 
 auron stomped , digging his boots in the ground and took a fighting stance . 
 `` come on out , '' he invited the threat . 
 growls echoed from beyond the row of oaks . 
 auron recognized those growls . 
 `` vermillion foxes , '' he said and saw three of them running at him . 
 they were seven feet long with three tails , sharp teeth , and long furry pointy ears . 
 their fur was painted in vermillion . 
 they tore the ground as they ran with their claws , growling . 
 `` vermillion foxes with no leashes . 
 they are not with the amaranth tribe , '' auron recalled . 
 he remembered these wild foxes being leashed and tamed by his tribe . 
 one of the foxes pounced at auron . 
 he ducked raising his sword and sliced the animal open . 
 the fox landed dead on the grass with its intestines out of its stomach . 
 another vermillion fox pounced and auron bounced to the side raising his sword . 
 the fox missed and auron slashed its head and arm off . 
 the animal 's decapitated body fell next to the first fox and twitched . 
 the last one stood growling at auron , hesitant to attack . 
 `` what 's wrong ? 
 has the amaranth tribe tamed the rage out of your nature ? '' 
 auron bluffed a swing of his sword . 
 the animal flinched . 
 auron squinted at a missile of fire that appeared from far behind the vermillion fox . 
 it was a ball of fire . 
 it flew over the vermillion fox . 
 auron smacked it aside with a pulse of wind . 
 the fireball hit an oak tree and shattered , setting branches on fire . 
 auron glanced behind the vermillion fox that faced him and saw them running towards him . 
 there they were . 
 all with flaming red hair and tattoos on their bodies . 
 they were topless . 
 they wore dark blue pants with a half skirt that covered the back of their legs . 
 the ends of their half skirts were burned . 
 there were ten of them running with rage in their eyes . 
 four wielded spears , two carried daggers , and three had bows and arrows at hand . 
 the one in the middle was taller and the most muscular . 
 he carried no weapon but his fists were clad with steel . 
 the vermillion fox retreated and swooped , vanishing into the greens of the forest . 
 `` finally we meet again . '' 
 auron welcomed them to battle . 
 he slashed the air preparing an air spell . 
 arrows flew through the forest towards . 
 he ceased the arrows with a gust at the swing of his sword . 
 the amaranth tribesmen jumped to the oak trees and began to jump from branch to branch like apes . 
 `` hear me , brothers , i do not wish to fight ! '' 
 auron yelled . 
 the tribesmen ignored his call for peace . 
 they hurled spears and auron cut them in the air . 
 arrows shot from the trees ; he blocked them with the side of his sword . 
 with terramancy , he punched the ground and gravel climbed up his left arm . 
 rocks merged together over his arm and expanded forming a round shield . 
 auron used the stone shield to block arrows and spears . 
 he eyeballed the oak tree and saw the tribesmen scattering around , jumping from tree to tree . 
 red and orange leaves danced as they fell , raining upon auron , blinding his vision from the tribesmen . 
 he heard a swooping sound behind him , and as he turned , an arrow pierced his left shoulder . 
 auron groaned and pulled the arrow out . 
 the wound burned but he ignored the pain . 
 he jumped on a branch that warped towards the ground and climbed up . 
 he stood up , balanced on the tree branch , and ran to the center where tree branches spread like a thousand arms . 
 the oak tree was colossal . 
 green and yellow moss covered it . 
 he lifted his stone shield just above his shoulder . 
 sweat trailed from his forehead and he smelled ashes over the scent of plants . 
 `` amaranth brothers ! '' 
 auron shouted , his voice echoed . 
 the tribesmen were nowhere in sight . 
 `` i do not wish to fight you . '' 
 finally , one of them appeared jumping from another oak tree . 
 he stood on a wide branch . 
 he was six feet tall and muscular . 
 his was topless , revealing his defined ab muscles , biceps , and tattoos covering his left arm and torso . 
 black lines in the shape of lightning and maze patterns for tattoos . 
 his hair was as scarlet as auron 's but in dreadlocks . 
 his pants were baggy , dark blue with a half skirt behind and wore shoes made of snakeskin . 
 the sunlight coming from above the oak tree brightened his tanned skin . 
 he had a tattoo on his left eye in the shape of a hook . 
 his nose curved down like a bird 's beak and his lips were small , a mere line on his face . 
 `` vulcan ? '' 
 auron muttered . 
 `` is that you ? 
 by the dragon gods , you have grown . '' 
 `` your presence rots our forest . '' 
 the tall tribe 's man said in his language . 
 a language auron had not heard in years , but he still remembered the words . 
 suddenly , more red hair tribesmen swooped from other oak trees and attacked auron with daggers and spears . 
 auron broke their spears with a bash of his stone shield . 
 one leaped at him with two daggers , auron parried with such force that the daggers flew off the tribesman 's hands . 
 he then pushed him back with his shield . 
 he did not aim to kill , only stop them . 
 two more leaped at him with daggers . 
 auron slashed at the two , they dipped and lunged for his neck . 
 auron blocked with the stone shield and then bashed them with it . 
 their daggers fell off their hands . 
 auron took the chance to cast an air spell . 
 he cut the large thick branch where they stood with a hard thrust of his sword . 
 razor wind whistled in high pitch and cut through the branch . 
 it fell , taking the four tribes men down . 
 the one auron called vulcan jumped to another branch . 
 auron ran on another branch and jumped across to another oak . 
 this tree had more space in the center where branches spread like a thousand arms . 
 he ran to the center and waited for the tribesmen again . 
 a fireball flew towards him , lighting up the forest . 
 auron smacked it with his shield . 
 behind the flames , he saw vulcan . 
 the tribesman delivered a punch . 
 auron blocked with his shield . 
 the steel clad fist of the amaranth broke through the shield and shattered it . 
 gravel and rocks fell , braking auron 's earth spell . 
 vulcan then delivered a punch to auron 's stomach . 
 thanks to his armor , the blow only pushed auron back . 
 his armor dented and his back hit a branch . 
 his head spun then saw the tall muscular tribesman attack again . 
 auron leaped to the side and the tribesman 's fist plunged into the tree branch . 
 auron rolled over and leaped to another oak only to see another amaranth jumping against his direction . 
 the amaranth tackled him and he fell hard with the tribesman on top of him . 
 the red head dropped a heavy punched on auron 's face and made him spit blood . 
 auron quickly used the hilt of his sword and poked the amaranth 's eye and pushed him off . 
 the amaranth screamed in pain . 
 auron tried to run away again but saw more tribesmen in his way . 
 he turned back and saw the amaranth vulcan and three more men at his side . 
 ten amaranths now surrounded him . 
 `` you will be burned to ashes as you once should have , '' vulcan said in his native language . 
 `` you should have never returned . '' 
 `` such isolation . 
 you wo n't even accept me as a visitor , '' auron responded speaking his native language . 
 he grunted the words rolling his tongue for the `` r '' pronunciations . 
 there were no `` l '' sounds in their language . 
 auron pressed his hands on the branch that he stood on . 
 he inserted his maju into the tree to control it . 
 `` brothers , do n't allow him to cast any spells ! '' 
 vulcan yelled but it was too late . 
 the tree branches animated . 
 they began to move and coil . 
 the amaranth tribe began to lose their balance . 
 vines slithered around the branches whipping at the tribesmen . 
 the vines whipped and wrapped their bodies . 
 one amaranth fell and the vines binded his neck and hanged him from a branch . 
 some broke free and set the vines on fire . 
 `` you would n't dare burn your forest now , would you ? '' 
 auron mocked . 
 his maju made the tree sway and shake . 
 vulcan leaped and a tree branch whipped his body forcing him back . 
 vulcan staggered and his blood boiled . 
 `` a failure like you will not humiliate us in battle ! '' 
 he roared . 
 his fist set on fire . 
 auron 's maju guided the branch to whip vulcan again . 
 the angry amaranth punched the branch with a blaze , setting it on fire , stopping the flow of auron 's maju . 
 vulcan 's mouth opened and with a roar , he shot a jet of fire . 
 auron blocked with three branches that wrapped around his body but still felt the heat . 
 the rest of the amaranths set the constricting vines on fire , freeing themselves . 
 they all ran to attack auron , bare handed , no weapons only rage and fire . 
 vulcan broke through auron 's tree branch defense . 
 he throttled auron and tossed him to the center of the oak tree . 
 auron rolled . 
 he quickly stood up and swung his sword wildly , losing focus . 
 one amaranth kicked the sword out of his hands and back handed him . 
 two more amaranths grabbed his arms and with a punch to the ribs auron felt a shock in his body much like his lightning spell . 
 he screamed and struggled . 
 he knew of no other spell that could assist him at that moment . 
 two men grabbed him and two began to beat him . 
 they punched the blood out of his lips and shocked him with an unfamiliar fire spell . 
 auron 's body quickly became strengthless . 
 good dragon gods give me more time , he prayed . 
 he had come so far only to lose his life . 
 the shocking punch drained his body energy and his maju . 
 vulcan approached him , standing two inches taller and much wider than auron . 
 vulcan grasped auron 's face with his big hands , squeezing it , digging his fingers into auron 's cheeks . 
 `` auron , '' vulcan whispered , voice deep . 
 `` little , auron . 
 still weak against fire . 
 i wonder what the chief will do with you . '' 
 `` are you going to ... kill me ... vulcan ? '' 
 auron asked , his voice weary . 
 `` that is not for me to decide . 
 we shall speak to the chief first , but i doubt he will give you any mercy . '' 
 vulcan spat on auron 's face . 
 `` brother do n't y - '' `` do n't call me brother ! '' 
 vulcan thundered . 
 `` you are no longer of this tribe . 
 we will bring you to the village and you will serve your purpose to our tribe . '' 
 this is not how he imagined it . 
 after so many years of so much training , he thought he would be able to defeat the amaranth warriors . 
 he was confident and did not expected to be so easily defeated . 
 suddenly , it seemed that life in burnahdujf was not that difficult . 
 the amaranth men tied him up and carried him to their village . 
 i must stay alive , he thought . 
 i must take the crimson cosmo jewel and return home . 
 good dragon gods , give me more time . 
 ********* they were now far from the forest . 
 on a rocky road , they walked to their village . 
 grass and moss by the side of the road . 
 hills and pillars of rocks gave soothing shade . 
 vulcan led in the front and the other nine tribesmen behind him . 
 their vermillion pet foxes walked by their side with no leash . 
 auron had fainted from having lost so much maju and energy . 
 they absorbed his maju and weakened his body . 
 they carried him by the limbs . 
 one held his arms and the other amaranth had him by the legs . 
 the wind blew gently and only the sound of their steps was heard . 
 the light of the sun had awoken auron . 
 he opened his eyes and felt as if he was flying . 
 he could only see the blue sky and clouds passing by . 
 he heard nothing but the whistling wind . 
 am i dead ? 
 he asked himself , thinking that he had really left odealeous and on to the realm of light . 
 `` by the gods , i am really dead this time , '' he muttered . 
 `` you are not dead yet , '' said a voice . 
 he saw a face at the corner of his view . 
 it was a red hair man with a goateed chin and bushy brows . 
 `` ah , you are awake , '' said the stranger . 
 auron then came back to reality . 
 he felt himself floating over ground . 
 he looked down at his feet and realized that he was being carried by a tribesman . 
 he tossed his head back and saw another tribesman carrying him by his arms . 
 he looked to the sides and saw all of them walking with vermillion fox . 
 the foxes walked with three tails coiling at their rear . 
 auron wondered why they had no leash . 
 `` where are you taking me ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` to the village . 
 of course you remember the village , do n't you ? '' 
 said the tribesman that carried auron by the arms . 
 `` what made you return here ? '' 
 `` i came in search of an item , '' auron answered . 
 `` what is your name ? '' 
 `` rey thorn is my name . 
 do n't you remember me ? '' 
 auron chuckled and replied , `` not from this angle . 
 perhaps if you can allow me to stand up so that i can take a better look at your face . '' 
 `` vulcan would throttle me if i let you , '' rey thorn said . 
 auron smiled as he looked up at rey thorn . 
 he could only see the man 's arms , chin and strands of red hair from his angle . 
 the name brought back a good memory . 
 he remembered a friendly child among his other peers . 
 all his other acquaintance , and so called friends treated him unfairly , except one . 
 a kid name rey thorn would always defend auron . 
 `` yes , rey thorn , i remember you . '' 
 `` quiet back there ! '' 
 vulcan roared , having heard rey thorn speak to auron . 
 he looked over his shoulder as he commanded . 
 `` do not speak with the outsider . 
 do n't give him sympathy or hope . 
 he does not belong among our people , neither is he welcome here . '' 
 `` is that anyway to talk about your brother ? 
 you can disown me , but do n't deny the fact that i am your brother , vulcan . '' 
 auron taunted . 
 vulcan grunted and turned back . 
 `` drop him ! '' 
 he commanded . 
 rey thorn and the other tribesman released auron and his body dropped hard on the rocky ground . 
 auron groaned and tried to get up but then vulcan 's large hands grasped his head , lifted , and stood him up . 
 auron felt dizzy , weak , and drained . 
 no maju would release from his body for he was empty . 
 auron wobbled , his knees shivered like in the winter cold . 
 vulcan held auron 's sword and placed it over his brother 's neck . 
 `` did you come all this way to die because that is all you will find ? 
 i could let you see father , but i fear you might break his heart again . '' 
 `` am i really ... . 
 such a curse to the tribe ? '' 
 auron asked . 
 `` you know our tribe 's requirements , and you failed to deliver . 
 whether it is in your own nature or not , it does not change what the amaranth tribe must do to stay pure to the fire dragon god . 
 our blood boils for the god of fire and you know very well that we must sacrifice any black blood born in our tribe . 
 look at you . 
 you did not stand a chance against us just like other outsiders . 
 you are weak among us . 
 i should kill you right now and spare father of seeing you . '' 
 smoke rose from vulcan 's nostrils . 
 the other amaranths watched the two brothers . 
 `` i did not come to join the tribe . 
 i came here in search of an item , and as for my father . 
 i have learned to cast fire . 
 i have been trained by a very powerful magus from the lands in which i live . '' 
 auron kept a solemn face as he spoke without taking his eyes off his brother . 
 he did not blink , only stared directly into his brother 's eyes . 
 `` let me see it right now . 
 show even a spark of fire , '' vulcan demanded . 
 `` my maju has been drained and i have barely any energy to walk . 
 let me see father first . 
 let me rest and eat and you shall see my fire magic . '' 
 auron breathed heavily and hoped his bluff would help him survive . 
 the tribe really wanted him dead and spill his blood for pyramus , the fire dragon god . 
 `` you better not be lying to me . 
 you did not use a hint of fire when we fought you , '' vulcan disputed . 
 `` do you really think fighting fire with fire will win a battle ? 
 i have learned better than to rely on one element unlike you , '' auron argued . 
 vulcan grunted and scowled like a wild animal . 
 he lightly pressed the blade against auron 's neck . 
 `` if i find out that you are lying , i will kill you , '' vulcan threatened . 
 `` do with me what you will , brother . '' 
 vulcan punched auron across the face and forced bloodied spit out of his mouth . 
 auron 's left cheek bruised purple . 
 `` do n't ever call me brother ! '' 
 he rasped . 
 they allow auron to walk . 
 auron felt as if he was back in those days as a child in the village . 
 walking with the big boys while he failed at what they achieved . 
 *********** down the slope of a rocky hill , they saw the village . 
 below there was a field of red flowers swaying with the wind . 
 auron saw wooden houses with round rooftops . 
 it was a beautiful shire . 
 grass green , red , orange , and purple . 
 colors auron had never seen grow from the grounds on burnahdujf . 
 hundreds of houses and scarlet hair people . 
 men were topless with tattoos , and women wore a short top that pushed up their breasts and skirts with burned ends . 
 it was a delightful sight as the sun shined over the village . 
 auron squinted and spotted a circle area in the center of the village . 
 there was a statue of a dragon in the middle . 
 people gathered around it like campfire . 
 `` not much has changed , '' auron whispered . 
 `` i wonder if mother ... '' auron dismissed a memory and continued to gaze at the village from above the slope , until a tribesman smacked him in the back of the head . 
 `` move it , '' the tribesman barked and walked by auron . 
 vulcan came and pushed his shoulder . 
 `` do n't act as if you do n't remember this place . '' 
 auron allowed himself to be controlled , something he had been avoiding for most of his life . 
 he was in no position to retaliate or complain . 
 he was weak and unable to cast spells . 
 wait until i recover , he swore . 
 down the slope he went with the ten amaranth men . 
 it was a carved path going down . 
 like stairs , he stepped on one stone at a time until he reached the field of red flowers . 
 walking by the fields , the scent was so soothing that auron felt his maju restoring . 
 the scent of the red flowers gave him energy . 
 the amaranth flowers had a warm magic power much like the tribesmen . 
 the red flowers that never died or dry up without water . 
 the only thing the flower needed was the energy of the sun that the tribe considered pyramus to be . 
 auron 's knees felt stronger and he changed his posture . 
 rey thorn pushed him aside and ran to the village . 
 the other tribesmen pushed auron to walk faster as they grew impatient with his slowness . 
 past the red flower fields and through the village gates they entered . 
 all eyes turned to auron . 
 every scarlet head looked at him with awe as if he were a rare species . 
 although his hair and his blood are of the tribe , he no longer had a place among them . 
 children touched his legs as he walked by . 
 men and women grimaced at him and shook their heads in disappointment . 
 they knew who he was and auron remembered some faces . 
 he grew up with them and knew that they wanted to burn the failure tribe 's blood as a sacrifice to pyramus . 
 `` make way for the outsider ! '' 
 vulcan shouted as the crowd of red heads cleared . 
 `` it is the black blood son of chief vinx , '' shouted a man from the crowd . 
 it was a much older tribesman who was losing the crimson color of his hair turning blonde . 
 `` the sacrifice ! '' 
 yelled an elderly woman who was also losing the crimson of her hair . 
 `` the sacrifice has willingly returned to us . 
 this is the work of pyramus . '' 
 all the villagers began to chat and whisper about auron as he walked by . 
 tribe 's people stared down at him from atop the round rooftops . 
 `` make way ! '' 
 vulcan yelled pushing people aside . 
 `` the chief will decide what to do with the outsider . '' 
 auron stared down at his feet , watching his steps . 
 he did not want to look at anyone in the face . 
 his own people wanted him dead . 
 for what ? 
 for being different ? 
 those eyes that stare at him , it was as if fiends were watching him from necrovania waiting to pull his soul down at his death . 
 great dragon gods , he prayed . 
 just let me live a few more days , at least until i get back home . 
 i need to make sure the village is still standing . 
 the nine tribesmen that had captured auron surrounded him , preventing the tribes people from harming him . 
 they escorted him to the chief of the village . 
 as they walked auron realized that they were heading to the center of the village . 
 he saw the dragon statue that towered almost as high as the walls of ironside . 
 it was a statue of pyramus , the dragon god of fire . 
 the only dragon the amaranths worship . 
 the dragon gave them energy and fire . 
 they ran to gather around the statue . 
 children jumped from rooftop to rooftop heading to the statue . 
 those who lived in teepees rose and followed the crowd . 
 they blew and spat fire as they marched to the statue . 
 spheres of fire were thrown up in the air and exploded like fireworks . 
 women danced and spun as their skirts caught fire and whirled . 
 tribesmen kicked , punched , and breathed fire . 
 they summoned fire in the shaped of a snake and another as a giant bird . 
 the fire snake coiled following the tribe and the bird over the crowd . 
 dozens of vermillion foxes marched with the tribe . 
 auron remembered it all . 
 as a child , the pyro festivals would be much like this . 
 summoned animals of flame and fireworks . 
 but this was no festival . 
 auron was sweating . 
 he was not accustomed to this much heat . 
 burnahdujf was of four seasons , summer , autumn , winter , and spring . 
 amaranth island was warm all year long . 
 the fire magic they casted made the temperature rise . 
 auron not only felt weak but dizzy as well , like walking in a desert . 
 his throat began to dry . 
 `` water , '' he hissed and his legs wobbled . 
 he tripped on a rock ; a tribesman caught him , stood him up , and smacked his head . 
 they finally reached the statue . 
 standing below its feet on a platform was the chief of the amaranth village . 
 it was an elderly amaranth . 
 he held a staff with a round , white , spiky figure at the top . 
 the old man 's upper body was covered in tattoos like the other tribesmen . 
 maze pattern tattoos , stripes , and squares on his arms , chest and abdomen . 
 his hair lost the scarlet color of the tribe due to his old age . 
 he was blonde now with saggy skin on his face . 
 bushy eyebrows and a blonde mustache with stripes of red . 
 standing next to him was a very mature looking woman . 
 there were lines on her face hinting at her age . 
 her red hair was also fading , but instead of blonde , it was a pink color that reminded auron of the morning aura of the village when he was a young boy . 
 mother ? 
 he whispered . 
 vulcan set his fist on his chest and the tribe 's people followed . 
 the chief raised his hand and everyone silenced and gave their full attention . 
 the fireworks stopped . 
 the flame animals that had been summoned subsided . 
 the women ceased their dance of flames and the children and men on the round rooftops silenced . 
 time stood still for a moment and the chief spoke . 
 `` i sent our hunters to the forest to search for the disturbing maju that stopped a beat of my burning heart . 
 thus , you bring me this outsider who shares the same scarlet of our hair . 
 vulcan who is this outsider ? '' 
 chief vinx stared at auron squinting , trying to recognize the light skin amaranth . 
 chief vinx knew every soul in the island . 
 it was his job to know everyone . 
 there were thousands of amaranths in the village and they all had brown or tan skin . 
 for the first time , he had seen an amaranth of light skin like cherry blossom leaves . 
 he refused to believe that this outsider was of his blood . 
 `` chief vinx . '' 
 vulcan stepped forward . 
 `` me and the hunters found this man in the dahlia forest . 
 his maju stenched of the outer world . 
 he claims to be one of us . '' 
 `` i am one of you . 
 brother , do n't you deny me , '' auron interrupted . 
 vulcan backhanded auron . 
 this time he was not wearing his steel gloves , but the hit was just as painful . 
 `` silence outlander . 
 you do not speak here . '' 
 `` hold it , vulcan , '' the chief said . 
 he jumped off the platform and approached auron . 
 he tapped auron on the head with his staff and stared into his green eyes . 
 the chief startled , a ghost haunted him and he stepped away from auron . 
 `` the black blood , '' the chief whispered . 
 `` it 's the black blood ! '' 
 he shouted and the tribe 's people began to whisper . 
 the chief jumped back to his platform next to the woman of pink hair . 
 he raised his hand to the crowd . 
 `` once a decade , a black blood is born into the tribe . 
 one who can not tolerate the element of fire . 
 one who 's reincarnation 's purpose is to die again for the god of fire . 
 the black blood has returned to us for reasons only pyramus can comprehend . 
 it is time for the scarlet ritual . '' 
 the amaranth tribe thundered . 
 their cheers echoed far and the fire returned . 
 fireworks , animals woven of fire and women dancing with flames . 
 they headbanged and waved their scarlet hair . 
 it was like a river of blood if looked upon from above . 
 `` vulcan , take the black blood to the prison house and tie him . 
 tomorrow he dies for the good of our tribe , '' chief vinx commanded . 
 auron tried to approach the chief . 
 `` father ! '' 
 he yelled . 
 `` let me speak to you , father ! '' 
 six amaranth men held him back and still auron persisted with weak joints and no maju or sword to defend himself . 
 `` father ! 
 mother ! 
 let me speak ! '' 
 `` you are no son of mine . 
 black blood , '' the chief replied , voice hoarse . 
 vulcan and the hunters tied auron 's hands behind his back and then his feet . 
 they carried him raised over their heads , taking him to the prison house . 
 auron could not remember why they wanted to sacrifice him so bad . 
 he had forgotten some of the tribe 's traditions and rituals . 
 what was the purpose of sacrificing the black blood ? 
 what made them jump around wildly , cheer and summon fire with joy just knowing that the black blood had returned ? 
 auron was soon to find out . 
 time was running out . 
 tomorrow he would be sacrificed to pyramus . 
 how would he find the crimson cosmo jewel and escape the vigorous amaranth tribe alive . 
 ********** the walls were made of sharp black marble stones . 
 auron was behind grid bars . 
 it was a small uncomfortable cell . 
 he dare not lean against the walls . 
 he had already bled from his fingertips just by touching the sharp stone . 
 he slammed his fist against the steel grid door . 
 `` where in necrovania did they find kaminyte ? '' 
 auron asked the dragon gods . 
 `` the amaranth tribe has advanced . '' 
 kaminyte is the most powerful steel in odealeous , known as steel of the gods . 
 unbreakable and rare . 
 the grounds of amaranth island could not possibly have kaminyte . 
 the steel melts at a volcanic temperature . 
 once forged , it is unbreakable . 
 no weapon or magic spell , but only the dragon gods could break kaminyte . 
 `` shit ! '' 
 auron cursed and gave up . 
 what hope did he have of escaping ? 
 he stared out a square window outside his cell . 
 the sun was gone and he had not realized the darkness of the night . 
 his mind was too focused on escaping and the haunting echoes of the tribe wanting him dead . 
 most importantly his mother . 
 `` everyone please stay alive until i get back . 
 i beg you , '' auron prayed with eyes closed as he gripped the gridded door of his small cell . 
 lying down was also painful . 
 the walls would cut him so he had to sit up with his legs crossed . 
 it was a perfect prison . 
 auron did not remember the use of steel in his tribe . 
 he had only seen kaminyte used in the advance city of ironside . 
 steps echoed in the prison house . 
 someone approached from the darkness . 
 it was a tribesman carrying a coconut bowl full of rice and a wooden cup of water . 
 the tribesman slid the coconut bowl and cup through a small rectangular opening at the bottom of the steel grid door . 
 `` eat , '' said the tribesman , `` while you still live , black blood . '' 
 auron picked up the coconut bowl and ravished the rice . 
 he was so hungry he could eat rats . 
 he panted as he ate and gulped down the entire cup of water . 
 within a few minutes , he was done with his food . 
 he breathed heavily and continued his gaze through the stone windows . 
 he felt his maju restoring and meditated on his energy . 
 suddenly he felt something warm in his belt like the small heat of a candle . 
 he pulled it out and it was the sorcery stone that master akielas had given him for his eighteenth birthday . 
 it glowed red on his right hand . 
 `` what seems to be activating it ? '' 
 auron asked himself . 
 then the glowing stopped . 
 he cursed and thought of akielas . 
 he hid the stone in his belt and felt remorse for having left his master at the age of eighteen after akielas raised him for five years . 
 `` perhaps i should have stayed with you as you told me , master akielas . 
 i was so hardheaded . 
 if i had stayed with you longer , i would have become an even stronger magus . 
 i wanted to create my ideal peaceful village in this twisted world , but you wanted me to become a powerful magus and swordsman . 
 i am starting to realize what you were trying to tell me , sir akielas , now at the age of twenty eight . 
 yet , i just ca n't follow in your footsteps . 
 i have to follow my own dreams . 
 despite the state of the world . 
 there will always be war . 
 but few seek true peace . '' 
 `` then why did you return ? '' 
 a woman 's voice echoed in the hall of the prison house . 
 auron was alarmed . 
 `` who is there ? '' 
 he asked , his voice echoed through the stone halls . 
 `` you do n't remember your mother 's voice , dear auron ? '' 
 the woman walked from the darkness of the stone halls . 
 she wore a brown cloak made of animal fur . 
 she removed her hood revealing her face . 
 it was the pink hair woman that stood next to the village chief . 
 she held out her hand and at her palm , fire kindled from thin air . 
 the fire light detailed her face and the pink of her hair . 
 she was beautiful . 
 green eyes like auron and her skin had aging lines . 
 `` mother , '' auron whispered . 
 he almost shed a tear . 
 `` my son , '' she responded . 
 she sobbed and tears left her eyes . 
 the steel gridded door did not allow her to hold her son . 
 he was a man now , but in her eyes , auron was that thirteen year old boy that she last remembered in the island . 
 `` my dear auron . 
 i am so sorry , '' she cried lowly . 
 sobs echoed in the stone halls of the prison house . 
 through the gridded door , she touched auron 's cheeks and his red hair . 
 `` it is not your fault mother . '' 
 auron felt the warmth of her heart . 
 his mother was also different like he was . 
 his father vinx , the chief , was always rough and cold , but his mother was the sun and the scent of the amaranth flowers . 
 `` i never stopped thinking about you since the day i ran away mother . 
 your warm heart haunted me day and night . '' 
 `` you have become a man my son . 
 why , oh why , have you returned ? 
 i prefer if you were away in the safety of your new home , my love . '' 
 his mother gazed into his green eyes . 
 wishing she could hold her dear son again . 
 they talked and chatted for about an hour . 
 they spoke of fifteen years ago and auron 's youth . 
 they spoke of the field of red flowers and the food she used to make him . 
 auron told her of his village and the band of the fox . 
 his mother 's name is blossom . 
 auron was named after a volcano island just a boat ride away from amaranth island . 
 his father , chief vinx gave him that name . 
 blossom hated it and was unable to change auron 's name . 
 it was safe for blossom to stay longer . 
 the prison house was rarely used and auron was the only prisoner . 
 no one in the tribe guarded the prison house even if they caged criminals in the tribe . 
 usually they would let them die and rot in the cells . 
 insects of the night sang , hinting at midnight . 
 auron did not want to lose the company of his mother , but he feared it was getting too late . 
 `` mother . 
 tell me , why is the black blood sacrifice necessary ? 
 what good is it for the tribe ? '' 
 auron asked eagerly . 
 for so long he craved the answer . 
 `` you may not remember , my dear son , but once a decade , the one called the black blood is born in our tribe . 
 the one the village must sacrifice , for they fear they might lose the gift that pyramus had given them . 
 the gift of fire and our blood that boils . 
 according to our ancestral history , pyramus , the dragon god of fire , enchanted our blood with his fire and our hair turned red . 
 the island itself was enchanted , thus affecting other creatures . 
 red became the color of our power and the black blood being born in our tribe was an omen . 
 the black blood meant that we would be at risk of losing our gift , our fire , our red hair and our power . 
 the black blood is the only one in the tribe that is unable to cast fire . 
 which is why they believe it to be an omen . 
 however , i do not agree that the black blood must be sacrificed . 
 i believe it is an ancestral lie . 
 your father is proof of that . '' 
 blossom 's last words confused auron . 
 he scratched his head at the last sentence . 
 `` how is it a lie ? '' 
 auron asked . 
 `` you are a black blood because your father is a black blood . 
 he can not cast fire either . '' 
 `` what ! '' 
 auron 's voice thundered and echoed in the prison house . 
 his ears could not believe what he heard . 
 it did not make any sense . 
 his father . 
 the chief . 
 unable to cast fire . 
 yet , it explained many things from his childhood . 
 not once did he saw his father cast a fire spell . 
 someone else always trained him , and his father always made an excuse . 
 `` you lie through your teeth , mother . 
 how could he be a black blood if he is the chief ? 
 there is no way he could hide the fact of his inability to the tribe ? '' 
 `` but he did , '' blossom disputed . 
 `` vinx 's father was the most powerful fire magus the village ever had . 
 vinx 's father was the chief long ago , and when he learned that his son could not cast fire , he was humiliated . 
 vinx 's father thought of sacrificing his own son but he did not have the heart to relinquish vinx to pyramus . 
 instead , he used a different type of magic that created an illusion for his son . 
 he fooled everyone in the tribe to believe vinx could cast fire . 
 his father taught him the hidden magic to create illusions . 
 once vinx 's father died , vinx took the throne and carried on his father 's legacy with his illusion spells , and i was the only one who knew . 
 i was the only one who could dispel his illusions ... not only was your father a liar but he was also selfish . 
 when he discovered you were a black blood like him , he did not spare your life . 
 he did it so that he could gain the trust of the village because some of us were still suspicious of him . 
 he was willing to sacrifice his own son to glorify himself . 
 i cried so much and was unable to do anything . 
 all i could do was pray that you would be safe my love , and that you remained alive somehow and here you are . 
 still breathing before my eyes . 
 that is all i ever wanted . '' 
 blossom shed tears of joy . 
 her heart was full . 
 auron wiped a tear from her cheek , squeezing his hand through the steel grid door . 
 the fire light that hovered over her hand grew as she cried . 
 her emotions feed her maju . 
 `` father will not go unpunished . 
 he will pay for his crimes , '' auron whispered , `` no illusion will fool my eyes . 
 my magic is greater . 
 i will make everyone in the tribe see his true face . '' 
 blossom 's heart warmed hearing her son speak with such courage . 
 `` i am so proud of you . 
 if only things were different in our tribe . 
 i could have watched you grow , '' she said , eyes moist . 
 she took auron 's rough hands and kissed them . 
 hands that she held so small , fifteen years ago . 
 `` you still have not answered my question , son . 
 why did you return ? 
 why could n't you stay in your home ? '' 
 `` mother , i was forced to come here against my will . 
 i need the crimson cosmo jewel to help my people survive , '' auron explained . 
 `` the king of my country seeks the jewel and threatens to slaughter everyone in my village if i fail to deliver . '' 
 `` great pyramus , '' blossom gasped . 
 `` auron , you can not take the crimson jewel . 
 it is very important to our tribe . 
 you will be killed . '' 
 `` it is a risk that i am willing to take and i do n't have much of a choice . 
 if i do n't , my people will be slaughtered like pigs by the armies of the king in my country . '' 
 auron frowned . 
 `` help me escape . 
 mother . 
 there has to be a way for me to survive . '' 
 `` i fear i wo n't be able to do much . 
 vinx will have my head if he knows i tried to help the black blood . '' 
 blossom seemed hopeless but her eyes showed faith . 
 `` perhaps i can persuade your father to spare your life this time . '' 
 suddenly , auron remembered . 
 he had already fooled vulcan with this idea . 
 `` tell them i can cast fire . 
 tell them i would like to challenge vulcan . 
 convince them to give me a second chance . '' 
 blossom gasped . 
 `` but ... they know of your weakness to fire . '' 
 `` do not worry . 
 mother i have a plan . '' 
 auron smirked . 
 `` i just need to recover my maju and if i could just get a chance to see that jewel , that alone will be enough . 
 i will reveal father 's true face to the village and take the jewel with me . 
 the black blood conspiracy will forever die and end the mad ritual of the amaranth tribe . '' 
 blossom smiled . 
 she was willing to help her son even if she never saw him again . 
 auron lived in her heart and his presence was always there . 
 `` my words will change your father 's mind . 
 i will make sure you live another day , my son . 
 i must go , and i will see you tomorrow . 
 goodbye . '' 
 she touched auron 's cheeks and red hair one last time . 
 she threw the hood of her cloak over her head and walked away in the darkness of the prison house . 
 auron was able to breathe with relief . 
 `` there is hope and light after all , '' he said . 
 chapter 13 : change of hearts he saw the hawk flying towards the third floor balcony as , the morning sun blinded him . 
 he spilled wine on the stone floor and he ran back to his chamber . 
 he placed the cup of wine on the table and picked up a leather glove that stretched past his wrist and ran back to the balcony . 
 the hawk descended spreading its long brown wings , its talons reaching out . 
 the hawk landed on richard 's wrist , protected by the leather glove . 
 `` hello there , my precious , what have you brought me today ? '' 
 richard spoke to the hawk . 
 there was a leash around the bird 's neck that tied over and under its wings . 
 on its back , it carried a scroll . 
 richard removed it from the bird and rolled it open . 
 `` it must be a message from the army in the south , '' richard said and removed the scroll from the bird . 
 he rolled it open and read it . 
 to his majesty , king richard thanks to the band of black tigers and their leader barvoch , burnahdujf is once again victorious . 
 this battle has been won but we are not fully sure if the war is yet over . 
 however your majesty , there has been a betrayal in our army . 
 the band of the fox has killed barvoch . 
 they fled and we were unable to capture them . 
 the band of the fox is to be punished , your majesty , however , that is for you to decide . 
 captain wreight . 
 richard wanted to tear the letter into pieces . 
 `` bloody bastards killed my trusted mercenary . '' 
 barvoch was soon to be one of the king 's trusted assistant . 
 `` first my son now my loyal employee . 
 damn you , fox bastards . 
 you will pay for this with your death . '' 
 richard released the hawk and as soon as the bird flew off his glove , he ran out of his chamber with the letter in his hand . 
 a knight stood in guard of his chamber . 
 `` you ! '' 
 richard alerted the knight . 
 `` yes , your majesty . '' 
 `` find keenoth , and summon him to the throne room . 
 make sure no one else attends . 
 understood ? '' 
 `` yes sir , '' the knight gave a quick bow and ran west of the castle halls . 
 richard walked east with haste to the throne room . 
 he walked by paintings of the sainos family members and decorations on the walls . 
 his servants stopped and bowed to him as he passed by . 
 he took another turn down the hall and the throne room was just to the left . 
 two knights stood by the door and pushed the door open for him . 
 he hurried inside the throne room . 
 he saw the queen chatting with her maids . 
 `` everyone , out of the throne room ! '' 
 richard shouted as he walked to his throne . 
 `` except you my queen . '' 
 ethel was sitting on her luxurious chair next to throne . 
 she stood up and kissed richard . 
 `` my dear , what is the matter ? '' 
 ethel asked as she used a paper fan to cool herself . 
 `` i got a letter from our army down in the south . 
 here , read it . '' 
 richard handed the letter to the queen . 
 she quickly read it and gasped placing her hand over her lips . 
 `` what are we going to do ? 
 are you going to let them live after what they did ? 
 they are followers of auron , the man who murdered our son . '' 
 richard threw himself on the throne . 
 he exhaled long and grimaced . 
 ethel served him wine in his gold cup . 
 `` here , '' she offered him a drink . 
 richard gently took it and drank with long gulps . 
 the queen thought he was going to get himself drunk . 
 `` easy now , my king , '' she said taking the cup away from richard . 
 `` i ca n't just kill them . 
 i need them . 
 they are of great use . 
 auron murdered my council of elders . 
 the band of the fox are literally the best in this country . 
 not even the mages of our castle are at their level . 
 this country lacks a power like the band of the fox has . 
 not so much of the members but their leader . 
 auron . '' 
 richard banged his fist on the throne and startled the queen . 
 `` damn them . 
 i will turn them into slaves ... yes ... why do n't i ? 
 but i must wait on keenoth 's word . '' 
 minutes later as richard sat in the throne room with the queen , the doors opened . 
 keenoth paced into the room . 
 hands set behind his lower back , wearing his red robe . 
 `` your majesty , you summoned me . '' 
 `` yes , wise right hand , keenoth . 
 the south army delivers news . '' 
 richard 's voice echoed in the throne room . 
 keenoth knelt before king richard . 
 `` read this , '' he gave keenoth the letter . 
 the bald man stood up to read it , unrolling the scroll . 
 he raised his eyebrows as he read and when he finished , his face seemed lost . 
 he set his hands on his lower back again and pondered . 
 `` well , oh wise , right hand . 
 has the band of the fox actions left you speechless ? '' 
 richard asked . 
 `` no your majesty , '' keenoth answered . 
 damn those mercenary sons of harlots . 
 i should have seen this coming . 
 i thought barvoch would have the situation under control with the position we had given him . 
 that idiot had to go and die on us . 
 i do n't believe his death will change the course of our plans , however , it could have been one of our easiest chances to abolish auron 's band . 
 it does not matter . 
 i am sure ember wo n't care either way . 
 keenoth hid his anger in front of richard . 
 the king crossed his legs . 
 queen ethel returned the gold wine cup to his hands and he sipped , staring at keenoth . 
 `` why do you think the band of the fox would butcher barvoch if they knew their village is at risk ? '' 
 richard asked his right hand man gently whirling his cup . 
 `` good question . 
 from what barvoch has told me , his band and auron 's lackeys had some rivalry . 
 perhaps immature , but in the brink of war , it might seemed the perfect time to slay a rival . 
 their actions can not go unpunished . 
 they are surely to arrive with or without our army . 
 once they do , you should not allow them the freedom to return to their precious village . 
 i suggest you kill them before they cause you anymore trouble , '' keenoth rolled the brown letter and gave it back to richard . 
 the king placed his cup on the arms of the throne and stood up . 
 `` killing them is not the problem . 
 that is something i can do in a heartbeat . '' 
 he paced away from the throne , his robes dragged on the floor . 
 `` auron has murdered our council of elders . 
 the great minds of this castle are gone . 
 our mages are at war . 
 sure we might have won this one battle ; however , you must realize what we are sacrificing . '' 
 `` power , '' keenoth stated . 
 `` exactly . 
 with every battle against the south , we lose more men and more of our mages . 
 the one thing that this country is missing that can give us an edge over the southerners is mages . 
 idiots with swords are easy to come by . 
 we lack spellcasters and greater minds . 
 we must stay above our enemy before they adapt a keen eye to our weakness . 
 that is why i need you here , keenoth . 
 you have both a sharp mind and magic . '' 
 keenoth smiled in awe at richard 's lecture . 
 `` you are the first king i have ever known to have analyzed and admit our country 's weakness . 
 i have never even heard your father come to such conclusion . 
 i have faith in you , king richard . '' 
 `` yes , that is the problem with this country and especially with my ancestors . 
 the four brothers who found this country built it with the idea of wealth , power , imperialism , armies , and defeating their enemies with brute force . 
 they thought burnahdujf is so powerful that they never questioned their own weakness only acknowledging their strength . 
 i learned that one thing from auron fox . 
 the reason he is so well known and powerful is because of his sharp mind and skills with magic . 
 forget swordplay . 
 any idiot can learn to swing a sword . 
 it takes skill and talent to use magic . 
 the four brothers did not rely much on magic . 
 it was the last thing they spoke of in our history books and their words were few . '' 
 keenoth was in such awe of richard 's wisdom . 
 he had never heard such intellect from him , yet he was confused . 
 what did it all have to do with the band of the fox ? 
 `` forgive me , your majesty , but where are you heading with this analysis . '' 
 `` the band of the fox has talent . 
 the greatest that i have seen in the country . 
 why do you think my father made auron his personal mercenary ? 
 my father understood this . 
 i want to make them work for me even if i have to resort to slavery . 
 i do n't care if auron is a foreigner . 
 he will serve this country . 
 his band will serve me . 
 after they killed barvoch , i ca n't just let them go home peacefully . 
 one way or another they will serve me . '' 
 keenoth saw lust in king richard 's eyes . 
 the same lustful eyes that he saw in ember . 
 those lustful eyes burning , waiting for wood to feed their fires . 
 queen ethel only listened , drank wine and poured more . 
 keenoth smirked . 
 what other chance did he have to get rid auron ? 
 conquest would be near his grasp and with barvoch gone , he only had ember to worry about . 
 `` i say burn the village and turn the band of the fox into slaves . 
 the way i see it , you are the king and you make the rules . 
 after all , he killed your only son . 
 we shall find a way to enslave them . 
 you have me at your side . 
 my magic will make them ill , your majesty . '' 
 richard clutched keenoth 's shoulders . 
 he held him like a brother . 
 `` yes . 
 you are right . 
 who is auron to bargain with me ? 
 i will do as i please . 
 his village will burn and his men will be my slaves . 
 despite the law of slavery in this country , i will make an exception . '' 
 `` your majesty , if i may ask a question . '' 
 `` go ahead . '' 
 richard gave permission . 
 `` i understand your pain of loss for your only son . 
 however , have you thought of having another heir ? '' 
 keenoth asked , politely . 
 richard rubbed his chin and thought for a moment . 
 `` i thought you knew , '' he said . 
 keenoth narrowed his eyes in confusion . 
 he stepped closer to king richard and muttered . 
 `` is there something that has eluded me , your majesty ? '' 
 `` the curse , '' queen ethel answered . 
 `` the women of the sainos dynasty are forever cursed to only bear one child . 
 any other child will be taken by the curse to necrovania after birth . 
 a dark magus rival of a century old sainos king cursed the sainos women . 
 he wanted to massacre the sainos family and destroy us all . 
 the magus failed and before his death at the blade of his sainos rival ; he cast a dark spell to prevent the sainos family from having more children . 
 his spell limited our women 's ability to give light only once . '' 
 `` such tragedy . 
 hmmm , so that explains why you want to resurrect your son . 
 what i still do n't understand about the sainos is why so many people hate you ? '' 
 for years , he had worked in the castle and keenoth now took the opportunity to hear the truth . 
 `` it is the lower class , peasants . 
 the higher class do n't complain about us . 
 however , it is true . 
 the sainos dynasty has mistreated the lower class for centuries . 
 there is nothing i can do about the lower and high class . 
 that is how life is . 
 my desire is to regain the trust of our people and change the reputation of the sainos family . '' 
 richard sighed and frowned , thinking of the day when this burden would be removed from his shoulder . 
 `` king richard , i believe you have made a much better decision . 
 a change of hearts necessary for the good of the sainos name . '' 
 keenoth and richard smiled at each other . 
 the future seemed much brighter . 
 auron , you will soon be put to rest , keenoth thought as he smiled . 
 and i will soon be the new king of burnahdujf . 
 chapter 14 : blood and fire his prison cell was small . 
 unable to stretch his legs and his arms or even lie down . 
 auron was forced to sit up , legs crossed . 
 if he leaned against the wall , the sharp rocks would pierce his skin . 
 he had already been wounded numerous times . 
 his legs ached and his back hurted . 
 he would stand up occasionally , but it made no difference . 
 his head rested against the grid steel door and he drooled as he snored . 
 suddenly , his prison cell shook and woke him up . 
 for a second he thought it was an earthquake . 
 someone was covering the light of the sun . 
 `` who is there ? '' 
 he asked lowly as he rubbed his eyes . 
 suddenly he heard the steel door make a squeaking sound . 
 that sound fully woke him . 
 he opened his eyes but his vision was blurry . 
 still he knew that the steel door of his prison cell was open . 
 `` am i being set free ? '' 
 he asked the unknown . 
 `` pyramus has mercy on you , black blood , '' said an elderly voice . 
 auron stood up and his vision cleared with the light of the sun . 
 outside his small prison cell stood the chief . 
 topless , maze pattern tattoos on his saggy torso skin and held a staff with a white spiky stone at the top . 
 he stared at auron with bushy orange eyebrows and narrow eyes . 
 `` father ? '' 
 auron said . 
 vinx hit auron on the forehead with the white stone of the staff . 
 auron only grunted and his forehead bled from a small wound . 
 `` black blood . 
 do n't you dare call me father ? '' 
 vinx said and spat on the dirty prison floor . 
 `` today you will leave your prison cell and into the battle pits you go . '' 
 `` battle pits ? '' 
 auron repeated . 
 `` yes , you will have an opportunity to fight one of our greatest fire magus . 
 an outsider associate of ours has recommended we make the black blood fight before sacrifice . '' 
 auron wanted to ask `` why ? '' 
 but he feared he would trigger a reason for the chief to cancel the only opportunity to escape . 
 then he remembered . 
 mother you did it . 
 he had spoken to his mother yesterday . 
 she had agreed to help him during their private conversation . 
 auron stepped out of his prison cell . 
 two tall amaranths stood next to the chief . 
 they stared at him fiercely . 
 he looked to his left and there he saw him unexpectedly for the second time . 
 `` master akielas . '' 
 auron almost shouted his name with excitement . 
 his voice echoed in the prison halls . 
 there stood his master . 
 the man who had raised him and taught him magic and swordplay . 
 his hair black with stripes of gray . 
 his black cloak covered him . 
 akielas gave auron a smile , yet said nothing . 
 `` sir akielas , what are you doing here ? '' 
 auron asked . 
 he tried to walk to his master but an amaranth with nappy red hair stopped him . 
 `` you do not act on your own until we allow you , '' said the tall amaranth . 
 `` you know of our friend , akielas ? '' 
 chief vinx asked . 
 the tribes ' friend ? 
 auron thought . 
 he knew akielas was plotting something . 
 his master always had a plan . 
 auron dare not make another move . 
 akielas paced towards him solemnly . 
 steps echoed in the dungeon . 
 auron was still confused . 
 how did akielas know of the amaranth tribe ? 
 how did he come to friendly terms with them ? 
 i though the amaranth tribe did not associate with outsiders . 
 how in the world was sir akielas able to win their respect ? 
 auron was jealous . 
 akielas succeeded with ease in what auron wished for so many years . 
 he did not dare to speak of it . 
 even if auron knew how to change the hearts of the amaranth towards him , it would not stop him from his mission and he would not forget about his people in parteh famo village . 
 `` chief vinx , '' akielas spoke in the amaranth tongue , `` do not forget that the black blood is to be set free if he happens to win in the battle pits . '' 
 chief vinx nodded . 
 `` i understand your need of the black blood but pyramus thirst for his blood as well . 
 this will also give us an opportunity to give pyramus a soul burned sacrifice . '' 
 auron was in awe , hearing them speak of his life . 
 to sacrifice or not sacrifice . 
 he felt like a slave . 
 he was mainly surprised at akielas ' ability to speak the amaranth tongue . 
 how did he learn the amaranth tongue ? 
 auron could not help but wonder . 
 what is a soul burned sacrifice ? 
 what are they going to do to me ? 
 is akielas with me or against me ? 
 questions showered auron 's mind and then he yelled . 
 `` tell me what you are doing here , akielas ? '' 
 `` you do not speak here , black blood ! '' 
 yelled the tall amaranth with nappy red hair . 
 `` take the black blood to the battle pits , '' chief vinx commanded . 
 `` he shall have his last meal and one chance at life . 
 fight well in the arena , black blood . '' 
 the two guards grabbed auron by the shoulder and escorted him out of the prison house . 
 they were two inches taller than him . 
 he did not fear them but was terrified of being hunted down by the entire village if he tried to escape . 
 he saw the light at the end of the dungeon and glanced back at akielas who had ignored him . 
 perhaps he will have a chance to speak to him eventually . 
 perhaps it was akielas ' plan to make auron fight today . 
 he rather have faith in his old master than act on his own tactics . 
 at least it was safe to believe that akielas came to save him . 
 why else would he travel thousands of leagues to an isolated island ? 
 the two amaranth guards walked auron through the village . 
 all heads turned to him . 
 some tribe 's people completely stopped what they were doing and grimaced at auron . 
 he stared down at the ground , avoiding eye contact with those fiendish eyes . 
 those eyes that made him feel inhuman . 
 as if he was another species . 
 like a caged animal being watched from the outside . 
 i will either die or fight my way through these savages . 
 i hate to admit it but i am going to have to use fire eventually . 
 since he was soon to engage in a battle , he plotted a spell he never used . 
 thanks to akielas ' gift , auron believed he could make it possible at the most desperate time . 
 auron and the guards walked between wooden houses and huts with round roofs made of green and yellow hay . 
 some houses were made of palm tree leaves and thick oak wood . 
 auron stared up at the tree houses that connect with bridges of wood and rope . 
 children ran across the bridge staring at him . 
 those were not there when i was a boy . 
 he dreamed of building similar houses in parteh famo village for the children to play in . 
 he saw the energetic amaranth kids racing by . 
 one ran past his waist . 
 they wore brown , black and other animal skin . 
 dirt smeared on their faces . 
 shoes made of snakeskin . 
 one child stood on his way . 
 the little girl gazed at him with awe , big round lavender eyes . 
 she raised her palm , her hands kindled fire . 
 `` out of the way child . 
 go to your mother , '' one of the guards said and pushed auron . 
 `` i must warn you . 
 i have my strength back . 
 there is no need to treat me brutally , '' auron said . 
 `` are you forgetting how ten of our tribesmen took you down and weakened you ? 
 you do not want an entire village hunting you down , black blood . 
 i do n't care what type of outsider magic you know . '' 
 the amaranth guard laughed . 
 auron was already aware . 
 there was always the possibility of summoning garuda to fly him out of the situation , yet the spell required time . 
 i must wait for the appropriate moment , he focused on the upcoming challenge . 
 tribe 's people shouted and danced with flaming skirts . 
 auron heard shrieks , barks and growls like that of animals . 
 men , women and children , all danced in mobs as auron and the guards walked through . 
 `` make way for the black blood , '' the guards commanded . 
 the tribe 's people cleared a path and unleashed columns of fire . 
 some women had their bicuspid teeth sharpened too look monstrous . 
 the amaranth tribe had an affinity for monstrous appearance and thought it to be beautiful . 
 they also loved canines and kept many vermillion foxes , wolves , and dogs as pets . 
 auron had killed two vermillion foxes in the dahlia forest . 
 killing their valued creatures angered the amaranth tribe . 
 ahead , two tribesmen fought with fire . 
 both men had red dreadlocks much like auron 's brother vulcan . 
 topless , they punched each other fiercely as if they were enemies . 
 their punches caused sparks . 
 one tribesman took a hit to the stomach and sparks flew . 
 the man grimaced and his movement stiffened . 
 the tribesman shot a blast of fire ; the other tribesman absorbed the flames into his hands and reversed it . 
 people watched them fight and cheered for their favorite . 
 `` why are they fighting ? '' 
 auron asked , amazed by their brutality . 
 `` it is a duel much like the one you will be having today . 
 it is how they make each other stronger . 
 you have truly forgotten all about your people , black blood . 
 you do not deserve the blood of the amaranth . 
 this makes it more of a pleasure to sacrifice you to pyramus . '' 
 harsh words , auron thought . 
 at most , he got a glimpse of what his challenge would be like . 
 while they were still in sight , auron watched the two tribesmen trying to take each other down . 
 one man fell with an arm on fire , rolling on the floor . 
 good god , auron prayed . 
 if they treat each other like that , i wonder how savage my opponent will be . 
 auron and the two amaranth guards turned left at an intersection of the village . 
 they paced between more houses , huts and teepees . 
 they saw tribesmen hauling stones and large piles of wood towards an empty area . 
 a few huts down , auron saw an older amaranth man who was losing the scarlet of his hair . 
 the man sat on the floor inside a hut forging red hot metal . 
 there were piles of black metals on the floor as well as swords and spears . 
 the old man forged weapons for the amaranth tribe with kaminyte , the steel of the gods . 
 the same steel ember used to clash swords with auron . 
 is the amaranth tribe getting involved in some type of war ? 
 auron questioned . 
 they never leave the island ... or have they ? 
 auron watched the old man pound steel as he walked by . 
 the old man used fire magic to heat and bend the steel . 
 a red sphere hovered over the ground . 
 the old man inserted the black metal into the steaming red sphere . 
 the sphere absorbed the steel as if it had shortened it . 
 auron could sense its volcanic energy . 
 the sphere heated kaminyte . 
 powerful fire magic that auron had only seen akielas perform . 
 the old man pulled the steel out and it was in its full length again , blazing with tremendous temperature . 
 auron felt the heat from dozens of feet away . 
 the steel glowed like the sun . 
 its light was beautiful . 
 one day i shall forge a sword with that steel . 
 `` what are you staring at , black blood ? '' 
 an amaranth guard asked . 
 `` i see the tribe has advanced for the last decade or so . '' 
 `` you wo n't live to experience it , black blood . '' 
 the guard pushed auron and he staggered . 
 he could only grunt and ignore them . 
 he remembered walking through this area as a child . 
 it was the tribesmen working area . 
 this is where the tribe built and innovated . 
 he remembered walking barefooted and naked as a child . 
 he had long hair in his youth . 
 he would follow the naughty things the other amaranth children did . 
 stealing food from their neighbors and stealing tools from the work area to build their own secret tree house . 
 he was only thirteen back then . 
 before he ran away and was tested for his fire magic . 
 in burnahdujf , he cut his hair because it would get in the way during battle and it gave him less to worry about . 
 these memories made auron realize why he had built his village . 
 he had found solace in parteh famo . 
 it was like a sanctuary and the rest of the world was a melancholy alley of darkness . 
 just a little longer , he prayed . 
 please terramus , let king richard 's mercy last just a few more days until i get there . 
 up ahead , there it was . 
 tall wooden walls rose from the ground . 
 thirty feet high at most . 
 many amaranths began to enter . 
 it looked like a coliseum . 
 trees were all around it . 
 the wooden walls were covered with moss and dried vines . 
 amaranth flowers grew on wooden walls and around the entrance . 
 large red and purple flowers with long pedals . 
 torches lit at the entrance epically . 
 as the pedals fell from the flowers , they turned into flame . 
 such a beautiful sight and yet the violence that waited inside contradicted . 
 at the front gate , akielas stood solemnly , his cloak covered his body . 
 auron could not help but to stare at him . 
 akielas showed no expression as if he did not recognize auron . 
 was it still just an act or was akielas involved with king richard 's plan to destroy auron 's village . 
 master , please speak to me . 
 it seemed as though akielas had sided with the amaranth tribe . 
 not once had he spoken to auron . 
 akielas turned to the entrance , his cloak billowed . 
 the tribe 's people rushed in . 
 `` sir akielas , '' auron murmured . 
 *********** he was locked in a cage again , in an underground dungeon , soon to be released to the battle pit . 
 steel grid doors , caged him . 
 stonewalls and dirt floor . 
 he heard the crowd thunder above as they waited for the black blood to fight . 
 they were there to see fire and sparks fly . 
 auron tightened his chest plate and vambrace . 
 the tribesmen had given him his armor but they refused to give him his sword . 
 he felt naked without his sword , like a missing limb . 
 he was good at hand-to-hand combat , but not as brutal as the wild tribesmen were . 
 he prayed his plan would work in his fight with his brother , vulcan . 
 if he could somehow fool the crowd into thinking he could cast fire , he would stand a chance . 
 so far , the dragon gods were on his side . 
 auron stood with his arms crossed in the darkness of the cage . 
 he heard footsteps just outside his cage . 
 it was dark , he could not see but the maju he sensed gave the person 's identity away . 
 `` master akielas , will you finally speak to me ? '' 
 `` it seems i trained you well . '' 
 akielas voice echoed . 
 `` you do not need your eyes to see me . '' 
 `` you could have at least given me a hint . '' 
 fire lit the dungeon . 
 a fire that hovered over akiela 's hand and casted shadows on the dungeon walls . 
 dust fell from above by the stomping of the roaring crowd . 
 `` you hear that , akielas ? 
 they want me dead . 
 they want the black blood dead . 
 they want to see fire , an element that my soul can not tolerate . '' 
 `` do n't tell me you are afraid . 
 you are better than this , auron , '' akielas said . 
 `` put yourself in my situation , master . 
 i am here because of that bastard king richard . 
 i am here probably because of you master . '' 
 auron turned his back on akielas . 
 `` face me and explain that to me , auron . 
 i 've only heard rumors of your rivalry with richard . 
 how am i involved in this ? '' 
 akielas stepped closer . 
 `` you know that i came here to help you . '' 
 `` that day when you unexpectedly appeared in my village must have been an omen , '' auron said , `` after you showed your face in my village , somehow king richard discovered it just a day later . 
 supposedly , my traitor friend , keenoth , had already known of the location of my village , yet i get the feeling you were involved in this as well . '' 
 `` how dare you ? '' 
 akielas snarled . 
 `` you think that i would summon doom on my own student . 
 do you not trust me ? '' 
 `` it does not matter now . 
 all that matters is that i survive . '' 
 auron turned to akielas , gripping the gridded prison . 
 `` tell me . 
 what are the chances of the tribe letting me go free if i am victorious ? 
 what deal have you made with them ? '' 
 `` i told them that the black blood comes with me if he is victorious , '' akielas explained . 
 `` but wait ! 
 how did you know i was on this island ? 
 can you sense my maju from thousands of leagues away ? '' 
 auron was eager to know . 
 `` king richard told me . 
 my pendant 's magic guided me to him . 
 he said that he had sent you here on a mission in search of something . 
 what exactly is it that you are looking for here ? '' 
 `` the crimson cosmo jewel . 
 did n't his majesty tell you ? 
 did he not mention how he will burn my village if i fail to bring him the jewel ? '' 
 saliva squirted from auron 's mouth as he spoke with anger . 
 `` someone framed me . 
 someone fooled the king into thinking that i murdered his son , and now richard wants revenge . 
 he sent my band to war to fight against the south country hoping they die in war , led by barvoch . 
 i swear i have nothing to do with this . 
 when i find the person who framed me , i will kill them . 
 i will use every bit of my maju and feed their souls to hungry fiends of necrovania . '' 
 a tear left auron 's eyes and glinted . 
 `` perhaps is punishment . 
 for the path i chose . 
 spilling blood for coin . 
 i did anything to escape the real world . 
 i did anything to escape the harsh cold world and created my own . 
 away from society . '' 
 `` relax . 
 you are still young . 
 the village you created will stand . 
 your people will follow you to the end . 
 people do not let go of a leader such as you . 
 you are more of a king than richard will ever be . 
 i have faith in you . '' 
 akielas appeased to his student 's feeling . 
 not only was auron his long time student , but also his son . 
 he raised that boy he found during the heat of a war on the west seashores of burnahdujf . 
 he fed him ; clothed him , taught him the way of the sword and the mystical arts of magic . 
 this man standing inside the gridded prison was no longer that child he knew . 
 he now saw a man trying to spread his wings out of the corruption of this world . 
 `` you have paid for your deeds , auron . 
 but i believe you will continue to prosper in a different path . 
 a better path . '' 
 auron remained silent for a moment then said , `` thank you , master akielas , but you may leave . 
 i must focus on winning this fight and going home . 
 unless you have some advice on how to win this battle , then leave me alone . '' 
 `` auron , i can help you win this fight and claim your village back and persuade king richard . 
 however , you must promise me one thing . 
 stay away from the crimson cosmo jewel . '' 
 akielas remained solemn . 
 the fire over his palm grew . 
 `` you have no idea the danger of that jewel . 
 if king richard wants the jewel then he does not mean well for his country . 
 in fact , i do n't think it is him that truly wants the jewel . 
 i believe someone convinced him to use its power . 
 there is absolutely no way the sainos would know about the jewel or much of anyone on the east side of the world . '' 
 `` another conspiracy . 
 i think i know what you speak of but the utter truth is that i do n't care . 
 to necros if someone is trying to destroy the country . 
 there will always be evil in this world . 
 there will always be war , but few seek true peace . '' 
 auron 's words pierced akielas . 
 `` true peace such as yours , '' akielas argued . 
 `` there is no peace in hiding , auron . 
 you must face the evils of this world so that you may have a true peaceful future . 
 look at what richard did to you . 
 he has turned you into his errand boy . 
 had you faced your rivalry with richard years ago , perhaps this would have not happened . '' 
 `` i will face my problems my way . 
 i do n't care about hunting down evil . 
 let that burden be on the shoulders of another man ! '' 
 auron yelled . 
 not once had he spoken to master akielas in such a way . 
 he could no longer live by his masters teachings . 
 auron frowned and vilely stared at his master . 
 `` sin lingers in every corner of the world , but no one ever thinks about living in peace . 
 i thought i had fully accomplished that goal . 
 i thought i had created a sanctuary for my people . 
 i will rebuild it . 
 three times better . 
 no ... five times better . 
 the people of my village will live a prosperous and blissful life . 
 master akielas , i wish you good luck on your fight with these evil forces , but i refuse . 
 i choose the life i have already built . '' 
 behind akielas ' flames , auron saw a smile . 
 that smile again . 
 that lovable smile that told him everything was fine . 
 `` what are you smiling about , old man ? '' 
 auron asked . 
 akielas only laughed in reply . 
 `` i am glad you have found yourself . 
 i feared you would have gotten lost . 
 i am not mad , auron . 
 i am proud that you have chosen the path of peace . 
 a path that not many men with your kind of power usually choose . '' 
 akielas said and his son smiled back . 
 `` i will be watching from above . 
 i trust in your ability . '' 
 akielas turned away . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 auron shouted . 
 akielas stopped and looked over his shoulder . 
 `` what affiliation do you have with the amaranth tribe ? '' 
 auron asked . 
 `` you would know if you had joined my alliance . 
 godspeed , auron , and stay away from the crimson jewel . '' 
 akielas flame faded as he walked away into the darkness of the dungeon . 
 ********** auron stood in the darkness , arms crossed , meditating . 
 focusing for his battle . 
 he heard foot steps echoing in the dungeon . 
 at first , he thought akielas had returned but those stomps were different . 
 he sensed a much taller figure . 
 he sensed one of the tribesmen approaching . 
 a fire suddenly illuminated the dungeon . 
 an amaranth tribesman with short hair , stood six feet tall . 
 topless with a hawk of swirling feathers tattooed on his chest . 
 flames hovered over his hand . 
 `` i am taking you to the battle pit , black blood . 
 try any hostile moves on me and you will die by the hands of my brothers , '' said the amaranth . 
 `` nothing to worry about . 
 all i ask is that the chief keeps his promise of letting me go free once i win , '' auron replied . 
 the amaranth unlocked his steel prison . 
 he stepped inside with a steel hoop object on his left hand . 
 `` put both hands inside the hoop , '' commanded the amaranth . 
 auron did as he was told . 
 he set both hands inside the steel hoop . 
 the hoop suddenly closed , tightening both his hands . 
 he pulled his hands apart in panic , but he could not separate them farther than two inches . 
 his hands were now cuffed with two rings of steel . 
 `` i thought only earth magic can control minerals , '' auron said . 
 `` you thought wrong , '' mocked the amaranth . 
 `` with pyromancy , i can bend steel into any shape or form . 
 now follow me . '' 
 sometimes i regret not finishing my training with akielas , auron thought . 
 he followed the tribesman through the dungeon . 
 they turned left and at the end of the passage , there was sunlight . 
 they reached the intersection and turned right where sunlight shined . 
 through steel bars , he saw the arena of boulders , rocks , and dirt . 
 the crowd thundered . 
 `` blood and fire ! 
 end the black blood ! '' 
 they yelled for the upcoming fight . 
 this is nothing , auron told himself . 
 i 've been through worse . 
 fire ca n't harm me . 
 one thing worried him . 
 he still had not seen the crimson cosmo jewel . 
 even if he were to win this fight , he still had to deliver the jewel to king richard or else . 
 he still had a picture of it in his mind from that scroll he saw in the library at ironside city . 
 he could not return home without it . 
 the amaranth opened the gridded steel doors and pushed auron into the battle pits . 
 the gridded door closed and auron 's hands were still cuffed . 
 `` release my hands ! '' 
 he yelled at the amaranth . 
 `` i was told by the chief that the black blood will fight with slaved hands . 
 may pyramus have mercy on you , black blood ? '' 
 the amaranth left . 
 auron was alone in the pits . 
 the crowd was above , shouting , yelling , and stomping . 
 `` blood and fire ! 
 blood and fire ! '' 
 auron looked at the crowd in the wooden seats . 
 their hair a flaming red , their stares reminded him of fierce canines . 
 he eyeballed the crowd above and then there he saw them . 
 in the direction of the sun . 
 the chief sat on a wood and vine throne covered with red amaranth flowers . 
 the arms of the throne were carved to look like flower pedals and clawed fingers at the end . 
 the chief 's face was painted red , orange , and purple . 
 auron noticed something above the head of the chief . 
 on top of the throne was a stone statue of the head of a fox . 
 the fox head was bigger than four human skulls together . 
 it was biting down on a jewel . 
 the jewel was round , spiky and glowed an angry red . 
 a red so bloody that it burned auron 's eyes just looking at it . 
 he felt rage seething inside him staring at the jewel . 
 the crimson cosmo jewel , he assumed . 
 no ... he did not assume . 
 he was sure it was the item he sought . 
 next to the chief sat auron 's mother , blossom . 
 it pained him to know she must hide her love for him , yet he knew she felt the same . 
 she was twenty feet high and he was below ground level . 
 he remembered what she had told him the night she visited his prison . 
 auron was not going to allow his father 's illusion spells to affect him . 
 he stared up at his father who glared at him with despise . 
 he noticed the staff vinx held . 
 that staff with the white jagged stone . 
 auron had seen it before . 
 he realized what it was . 
 it was a sorcery stone much like the ones he used to cast spells . 
 he had seen akielas use it before . 
 no illusions will fool my eyes , he swore . 
 auron turned his attention to the battle arena . 
 tree roots rose from the ground . 
 his eyes widened when he saw it ... in the center of the battle pit . 
 his sword . 
 that beautiful blade that he forged from titanium steel . 
 he never went anywhere without his sword . 
 he created countless spells with it . 
 he did not hesitate . 
 auron ran to grab it . 
 it was stuck inside a stone that protruded from the ground . 
 he grabbed the hilt with cuffed hands . 
 he struggled to pull it . 
 whoever had embedded the sword in the stone must have some brute strength . 
 he shook the sword as he pulled , but it did not budge . 
 `` by terramus . 
 how can i pull it out this boulder ? '' 
 `` brothers and sisters . '' 
 auron heard chief vinx 's voice . 
 he turned his attention to his father who sat twenty feet high . 
 the crowd fell in silence . 
 everyone stopped to hear the chief speak . 
 auron looked up and saw the chief raising his staff over his head . 
 it glinted . 
 auron immediately thought the chief was casting his illusion . 
 `` today we return to an old tradition of the tribe . '' 
 the chief began his speech . 
 `` the black blood has been given a second chance at life . 
 we must delay the ritual of pyramus to give the black blood an opportunity to demonstrate his fire magic . 
 if he can conquer his challenges with fire , then he will be set free . 
 if the black blood fails then he will be sacrifice to the mighty god of fire so that we can maintain our gift . 
 the gift of fire , the scarlet hair on our head and the blood that runs through our veins . 
 we will not allow the curse of the black blood to ruin our gift of fire , the supreme element . '' 
 the crowd thundered . 
 `` blood and fire ! 
 blood and fire ! '' 
 they shouted . 
 they stomped the ground . 
 the thumping echoed in the arena and beyond the village . 
 auron ignored the crowd and turned his attention to his sword stuck in the stone . 
 he pulled and tried to yank it . 
 with every failure he cursed . 
 `` black blood ! '' 
 auron heard his father call to him . 
 `` black blood , demonstrate to me your fire magic with two challenges and our tribe will have mercy on you . '' 
 `` as you wish . 
 father , '' auron responded . 
 `` i ask for one more thing , along with my victory . '' 
 `` and what would that be , black blood ? '' 
 vinx raised his staff . 
 the jagged stone gleamed and auron 's eyes twitched . 
 auron pointed at the throne . 
 `` once i pass your challenges , i ask that you also surrender the crimson cosmo jewel . '' 
 the crowd gasped . 
 chief vinx gritted his teeth and his staff gleamed again . 
 `` what makes you think we will surrender the tribe 's treasure ? 
 the emblem of pyramus ? '' 
 suddenly , auron saw him pacing to chief vinx 's throne . 
 akielas was twenty feet high staring down at auron . 
 he showed no expression on his face . 
 he solemnly stood next to the chief and his wife . 
 auron saw akielas whispering into the chief 's ear . 
 why does n't he want me to take the crimson jewel ? 
 auron was unsure . 
 at first , akielas seemed to be on auron 's side and then against him . 
 he was a difficult man to read . 
 `` black blood , your request is denied by our people . 
 take the opportunity you are given or relinquish yourself to pyramus . '' 
 the chief sat down on his throne . 
 akielas stood by the chief . 
 auron noticed his master winking at him . 
 yes , the trust was still there , yet nothing would stop auron from achieving his goal . 
 `` release the scythe bulls ! '' 
 chief vinx yelled . 
 auron heard the sound of clanking steel . 
 he surveyed the pit . 
 east of him was a gate made of steel bars . 
 two amaranth men from above lifted the gate with thick vines . 
 from the darkness , a beast howled . 
 a bull like creature emerged , six feet tall . 
 its head had two curving blades much like a sword that it clanked together ready to scythe . 
 it had a small nose and its sharp teeth peeked from its mouth . 
 its brown and orange skin had a rocky texture . 
 its feet were not hoofs , but two fat toes with claws . 
 auron 's heart skipped a beat . 
 he had never seen such a creature . 
 he gripped the hilt of his sword and tried to pull it without taking his eyes of the fierce creature . 
 auron heard another thump coming from the west of the pit . 
 two amaranth men pulled the gate open from above . 
 another bull emerged from the darkness . 
 it clanked its sharp blades on its head . 
 and i am not allow to use any spells except fire , good gods , auron thought . 
 `` now my scythe bulls . 
 attack ! '' 
 chief vinx commanded his creatures . 
 the bull from the west ran first . 
 the bull from the east ran second . 
 auron had no time to pull his sword . 
 suddenly , everything flashed . 
 the ground abruptly caught on fire . 
 he was now in a volcanic pit with two bulls ramming at him . 
 he was sure it was chief vinx 's illusions . 
 but how ? 
 auron could feel the heat of the volcanic pit and hear the flames crackled , it ca n't be an illusion . 
 it 's too real , he thought . 
 it was as if a nightmare had flashed to reality before his eyes . 
 the ground he stood upon was safe but the two bulls ran over volcanic grounds . 
 he jumped seven feet off the ground with aeromancy . 
 the two scythe bulls bumped heads and clashed their horn blades . 
 auron 's feet landed on their heads and he quickly hopped on the bull to the right . 
 the creature did not hesitate to shake auron off its back . 
 it bounced and it ran wildly . 
 auron struggled to stay on its back . 
 it was much worse than riding on garuda at full speed . 
 the creature went berserk . 
 it tantrum and ran into the walls . 
 it jumped around the volcanic pit of fire and lava . 
 auron feared to dismount the bull and burn in the fire , but the creatures themselves did not seemed affected by it . 
 this is only an illusion , he told himself but it was difficult to deny the sensation of the heat . 
 finally , the scythe bull fell on its side purposely . 
 auron had no choice but to jump off . 
 he rolled on the flaming ground . 
 his pants caught on fire , his skin burned and his armor steamed . 
 auron yelled and screamed in agony . 
 it was real . 
 too real to deny . 
 this is no illusion , he rationalized . 
 it burned , it hurt , and he saw his clothes on fire as well as his skin . 
 he ignored the pain . 
 he withstood the heat and pain with gritted teeth and clenched fists . 
 `` no false fire can harm me ! '' 
 auron roared . 
 a scythe bull galloped towards him . 
 auron stood and faced the creature . 
 the bull swung its blades . 
 auron ducked , dodged the horn blades and jumped stepping on the head of the bull before it opened its horns again . 
 he mounted the bull and it quickly began to tantrum over the fire . 
 if i could just dispel the illusion . 
 but it was difficult to think or focus on the back of a rampaging bull . 
 it was difficult to fight without his sword . 
 it was difficult to think without ignoring the pain of burns . 
 he never expected to go up against these beasts . 
 he wanted to face his brother vulcan . 
 this challenge was set up for him to fail . 
 he looked up , twenty feet above the battle pit . 
 there was no crowd . 
 akielas , chief vinx and his mother were gone . 
 this is definitely an illusion.the pain is only in the belief , auron realized . 
 the scythe bull howled and crashed into the rocky walls . 
 it jerked its head and jumped wildly . 
 with frustration , the scythe bull ram into the other bull . 
 the two animals clashed and fought in confusion . 
 auron jumped off the bull . 
 he landed on safe ground . 
 the two bulls were busy fighting each other . 
 auron took the opportunity to cast his spell . 
 he clapped his hands together and whispered , `` illums dehsef . '' 
 his maju spread and orbited him . 
 he heard an angelic sound . 
 a hymn so low and so sweet , it calmed his soul so smoothly that he no longer felt the burns and pain , not even the sensation of the heat . 
 he saw a white light flash like thunder . 
 a sudden slate world . 
 the volcanic flames disappeared from his sight . 
 the battle pit was back as he first saw it , boulders , rocks and dirt . 
 tree roots protruding from the ground . 
 he looked at his clothes , they were no longer on fire , and there were no burns on his skin . 
 the crowd roared twenty feet above . 
 auron looked up and saw chief vinx grimacing . 
 had anyone broken his illusion spells before auron . 
 a punch to the chief 's ego that it was . 
 the chief had been using illusions to fool the tribe for decades . 
 no one was aware of the spell auron had used . 
 it was invisible and dispelled illusions . 
 the bulls were still at war with each other . 
 auron hasted with another spell . 
 an earth spell that he learned from edd to remove the weight of an object temporarily . 
 `` mineras massovig , '' he whispered . 
 he felt his arm muscles harden . 
 he gripped the sword 's hilt with cuffed hands . 
 he pulled it with all his might . 
 he felt it budging and managed to yank the sword out of the stone . 
 the vibrating sound of steel was like a siren song to auron . 
 he wanted to stomp the ground and unleash a powerful earth spell . 
 no ! 
 he had almost forgotten . 
 `` fire only . '' 
 he reached into his belt and took out his eighteenth birthday gift from his master . 
 the red sorcery stone . 
 all i have to do is keep it hidden in my palm , he plotted . 
 he gripped the stone and felt its fire maju surging inside . 
 the fire maju made him feel feverish but he withstood its side effect . 
 as his hands were cuffed , he held his sword with his left and aimed with his right at the fighting bulls . 
 he focused the fire maju into his palm and a ball of fire swelled before his palm . 
 it glowed red and crackled flames . 
 `` finally , '' he whispered . 
 the first fire spell he had ever casted . 
 so many times he had seen master akielas perform a fireball spell . 
 mimicking his master 's moves , from his memory he was able to mold the fire maju into a sphere . 
 he shot the fireball at a bull on the right . 
 the ball detonated on the creature 's side . 
 it burst an angry red and the scythe bull howled in pain . 
 it veered towards auron and galloped . 
 `` come at me , angry beast , '' auron said . 
 he leaped forward , rolled over gravel , and severed the scythe bull 's leg . 
 the creature 's heavy body plowed the earth . 
 auron walked over the body of the bull . 
 it was still alive , clanking its horn blades faster than before and tried to stand on two legs . 
 it dragged its heavy body . 
 auron placed the chain of his handcuffs between the bull 's horn blades . 
 with a snap of its horns , the bull broke the chain and set auron 's hands free . 
 the steel rings on his wrist still hanged but auron was relieved to swing his arms freely . 
 auron heard the second scythe bull galloping . 
 he quickly sunk his blade into the crippled bull below his feet . 
 he ended its life with a twist of his sword . 
 the second bull rammed and just before it could chop auron with its horns ; he ducked and rose with an upper flaming slash . 
 a slash from a burning red sword . 
 the bull continued to run past auron . 
 within a few steps , its head fell off , its body collapsed and it caught on fire . 
 the amaranth crowd gasped . 
 chief vinx stood up from his vine throne in disbelieve . 
 auron pointed his sword at the chief and said , `` bring me my next opponent , father . '' 
 chapter 15 : run away `` damn it all , '' oseth cursed . 
 his body was still stiff from the poison . 
 it was difficult to run . 
 his band mates were ahead of him running through the burnahdujf forest , south of barinos , the capital city . 
 it had been two days since they fled after they had won the battle with the southern country . 
 two days since the death of barvoch and being hunted down by the king 's army . 
 two days of endless running and fighting the knights of burnahdujf . 
 they were tired , hungry , dirt smeared on their faces and their maju was almost drained . 
 they stopped only to breathe and slept for an hour . 
 night had fallen with a white crest moon and a blue full moon . 
 the forest had eyes . 
 creatures lurked in forest . 
 every rustling of leaves and moving tree branches above gave genie the chills , goose bumps and stricken with ghostly fears like that of a child . 
 not many dared to wander this forest except the band of the fox . 
 they had no choice if they were to arrive quicker at the capital city to the king 's castle . 
 it was almost pitch dark . 
 the light of the moon and fireflies illuminated their way . 
 oseth was too weak to use pyromancy . 
 genie did not know any luminous spells either ; her illumancy was mainly for healing . 
 the forest was foggy like a mist after the rain . 
 `` how much longer till we reach the capital city ? '' 
 edd asked and panted . 
 `` if we continue on through the night and pass this forest , i say twelve more hours , '' saron calculated . 
 his body was also stiff from the poison dagger barvoch had struck him with . 
 it was difficult to run for him and oseth . 
 genie had removed the poison from their bodies but the side effects still lingered . 
 `` i have been wondering , '' saron said . 
 `` what are we going to do once we reach the capital city ? 
 we ca n't just storm into the castle . 
 have you thought of a plan , oseth ? '' 
 `` i do have a plan . 
 we beat the living shite out of king richard , '' oseth answered . 
 `` we kill him and the queen and we recover our village . 
 it 's very simple . '' 
 `` you are such an imbecile , '' genie told oseth . 
 they had slowed down for the hotheaded swordsman to catch up . 
 they trudged through the tall grass and between the birch trees . 
 `` storm in and just kill richard , '' genie paraphrased . 
 `` you think is that easy ? 
 how are we going to break inside the castle ? 
 the castle is heavily guarded as richard sits comfortably on his throne . 
 we are going to have to hide among the citizens in barinos city . 
 anyone who sees us will try to collect a prize for the bounty on our heads . '' 
 `` she is right , '' edd agreed . 
 `` i am sure king richard has been notified of our survival . 
 he wants us dead . 
 he will send more knights to hunt us down . '' 
 a tree branch rustled and edd startled . 
 `` i hate this place , '' he complained . 
 suddenly , oseth fell to his knees as if he had been struck down in battle . 
 genie ran to help him . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 she asked , deeply worried . 
 `` i am too tired . 
 can we just rest for a few minutes ? '' 
 oseth breathed slowly . 
 he sat with legs crossed on the grass . 
 `` i feel exhausted , '' he said . 
 genie raised her eyebrows and looked at oseth with sorrow . 
 saron and edd worried about oseth , they had never heard him say those words . 
 the hot head of the band . 
 blessed with fire and stamina , oseth had never needed to rest on a mission . 
 `` that is a first , '' edd murmured . 
 he crossed his burly arms and surveyed the area . 
 the green hues of the trees were black with the night and echoing hoots . 
 `` what did you say big guy ? '' 
 oseth growled . 
 `` i have never heard such words come from you , '' edd replied , solemnly . 
 `` i feel as if the fire of our band is dying out hearing you say those words . '' 
 `` after fighting in a war and running away from the very army we helped . 
 i have given it my all . '' 
 oseth frowned . 
 `` i have never burned so much energy . 
 i would feel better if auron was here . '' 
 everything stood still with the romance of the night . 
 only hoots were heard , crickets , and caws of ravens . 
 they all frowned hearing his name again ; they missed him , their leader , . . 
 auron fox . 
 the man who brought them together when they were lost in the world . 
 the man who gave them a home when they felt abandoned . 
 oseth could already see himself arguing and possibly challenging auron to a duel and losing again . 
 `` oseth is right , we should rest , '' edd suggested . 
 a round boulder protruded from the ground next to a tree . 
 edd jumped on it and sat with his elbows on his lap . 
 genie joined oseth on the grass . 
 saron rested his back on the boulder next to edd . 
 `` i wish we could start a fire and keep warm . '' 
 `` yes , but that would attract attention , '' saron said , `` if our enemy sees where we are , they can attack from a distance . 
 they have bows and arrows . 
 i wo n't be able to stop their missiles in my weak state . 
 we should at least wait to restore our maju . '' 
 `` we ca n't fall asleep here either , '' genie added , `` if we do then one of us must stay awake . '' 
 `` i just need time for the effects of the poison to fade , '' oseth said wearily . 
 genie rested her head on his shoulder . 
 the four remained silent for a while and then she spoke . 
 `` do you boys remember ? '' 
 genie asked . 
 `` remember what ? '' 
 oseth responded . 
 `` the day when auron first found each one of us . 
 i still remember when i first met him . '' 
 she closed her eyes and recalled old memories . 
 `` it was six years ago and i was living in a small village . 
 i was one of the few warriors of the village . 
 the best with the spear . 
 that year , the village chief who was a sainos relative , decided to sell the village to a wealthy foreigner . 
 if you boys have studied anything about the western continent , you would know that they practice slavery . 
 that terrible year my parents failed to pay taxes . 
 my mother was turned into a slave for the village chief and my father was forced to work in the farms with no wage . '' 
 `` the laws in this country do not allow slavery , '' saron interrupted . 
 `` you are definitely right . '' 
 genie continued . 
 `` honestly , i do n't know how the new village chief was able to get away with it . 
 perhaps he bought the rights , being a wealthy man . 
 either way , he did it and no one ever spoke out . 
 he then tried to enslave my sisters and me . 
 i had to fight his soldiers . 
 they burned my belongings and my home . 
 only me and my sisters remained . 
 that is when he appeared . 
 he was like an entity sent by the dragon gods . 
 he saved my life and took my sister and me from our endangered village . 
 he loved my skills with the spear . 
 i was the first member of the band of the fox . '' 
 a wolf howled , an owl hooted , and the wind made the tree leaves rustle . 
 it was bittersweet nostalgia hearing about the old days . 
 the first meetings and the first mission they had together . 
 `` yes , i remember , '' saron said . 
 `` i was twenty years old when he found me . 
 genie and auron were on a mission to capture a dwarf . '' 
 genie giggled . 
 `` i remember that . 
 the thief dwarf mission . '' 
 `` hey , shut up ! '' 
 saron snapped . 
 `` they confused me for a dwarf because of my size . 
 i am nothing like those ugly , stocky , bushy bearded , half human creatures . 
 i was stealing to survive . 
 for years , i lived as a thief . 
 it was just me , my daggers , my bow and arrows . 
 then auron and genie found me . 
 auron decided to spare me . '' 
 `` it was a drag . 
 we did n't get paid for that mission , '' genie added . 
 `` as i was saying . 
 auron decided to spare me . 
 he was intrigued by my archery skills . 
 he asked me to join him and told me i would not have to steal anymore . 
 no one had ever shown me such kindness and treated me as if i were seven feet tall . 
 that is why i joined . '' 
 `` i think i hear violins playing . '' 
 oseth teased as he sat on the grass with genie by his side . 
 `` shut up hot head . 
 not too tired to smack talk are ya , '' saron replied . 
 `` i am always in the mood for jokes , '' oseth said and laughed . 
 `` since its story time , '' edd 's deep voice chimed in between their bickering . 
 `` i had actually met auron before the band of the fox was formed . 
 right here in this forest . 
 i was raised by dwarfs . '' 
 `` you were what ! '' 
 saron snarled . 
 `` i do n't know why you hate dwarfs , but they are actually great creatures . '' 
 edd continued . 
 `` they are wise , incredible craftsmen and they love to pound steel . 
 smithing is one of their favorite pastimes . 
 i chopped timber for their village . 
 auron had found our village and became friends with the dwarfs . 
 auron saw my size and skill with the axe and asked me to join and told me of the great benefits of being in the band . 
 i refused his offer even though the elder dwarfs recommended i join , so that i can be with my own kind . 
 months later , wealthy sainos men came and took the valuable woods of our forest . 
 they said they were searching for some special wood that the dwarfs were hiding . 
 they never found it and once they took our supplies and rare woods , they burned our village to the ground . 
 many dwarfs died that day and i was the only one strong enough to defend them . 
 the grand elder called for auron 's aid . 
 the red head mercenary arrived within a day . 
 he slayed the raiders and saved the last few dwarfs in the village . 
 the elder dwarf told me that i should join auron and here i am . 
 the dwarfs are now searching for a new home . '' 
 the wind howled in the darkness of the forest . 
 tree branches rustled . 
 an owl hooted and crickets sang for the night . 
 a cloud covered the crescent white moon . 
 the blue moon 's light reflected on their faces . 
 a blue like sapphire stones and aquamarine . 
 a blue maju that bond them and pulsed a solemn mood . 
 `` i miss him so much , '' genie confessed . 
 she rested her head on oseth 's shoulder and realized it was his time to contribute to story time . 
 `` what about you hot head ? 
 i am sure you are not tired enough to tell your story . '' 
 oseth remained silent . 
 genie stroked his curly hair . 
 oseth stared down as if he recalled dark memories . 
 `` are you well ? '' 
 genie asked him again . 
 she worried about him the most . 
 since they fought in the war , the band saw oseth as their leader . 
 it seemed that auron 's absence had made him stronger . 
 `` i joined for a different reason . '' 
 oseth finally spoke . 
 `` yes , i did come from a bloody background myself . 
 however , my motivations were different . '' 
 he paused and gazed at the blue moon in the night sky . 
 he tried to find solace with the stars above . 
 `` my father was the leader of a band of thieves , or should i say outlaws . 
 he had the largest guild i had seen . 
 he had over a hundred men and women under his command willing to do his bidding and follow his orders . 
 i was the heir of the guild of thieves . 
 i hated it . 
 my father trained me to be the best among his men in swordplay , and that is exactly what i became . '' 
 oseth drew his twin swords . 
 `` my father forged these swords . 
 he wanted me to surpass him , but in my heart , i wanted to run away . 
 i did not want to live the life of a thief . 
 so on my eighteenth birthday , i met a fire magus . 
 she ... was outstanding and beautiful . 
 she taught me pyromancy . 
 soon when i was confident in my ability to fight a mob of men i slayed half of my father 's minions . 
 i killed them all . 
 i took their life mercilessly . 
 men and women . 
 i tried to kill my father , but i could n't . 
 i ran away instead . 
 of course , he hunted me down and eventually found me after two years . 
 that year is when i first met all of you . 
 the band of the fox was on a mission for the bounty on my father 's head . 
 auron thought i was with the band of thieves . 
 i fought him and he defeated me . 
 an embarrassing defeat it was . 
 my pride was hurt but i decided to help auron defeat my father , it was the only way for me to be truly free . 
 once he claimed my father 's life , i felt a load removed off my back . 
 like i was beginning really to live life for the very first time . 
 but something haunted me ... '' oseth paused ; only crickets and the hoots of owls were heard . 
 the band waited for oseth to continue his story . 
 `` well , do n't leave us empty , mate . '' 
 saron became anxious . 
 `` go on . '' 
 `` even after my father was dead , '' oseth continued , `` yes i was truly free to live as i wished . 
 however , my pride was still hurt from that defeat . 
 i wanted to challenge auron again . 
 i wanted to kill him . 
 no one has ever defeated me like he did . 
 my fire magic was not enough either . 
 i thought i was the greatest swordsman . 
 no steel had ever wounded me . 
 until that scarlet hair man appeared . 
 so i challenged him again and again . 
 i was never able to defeat that red head . 
 damn him . 
 he asked me to join the band of the fox . 
 he said he would help me become a better swordsman and so , here i am today . '' 
 `` i still remember how you used to be three years ago , '' genie reminded , playing with oseth 's curls . 
 there was a sudden rustling sound from a distance and the sound of footsteps of someone approaching . 
 `` everyone ! 
 on guard ! '' 
 saron alarmed . 
 the band of the fox drew their weapons and ceased their time to rest . 
 saron readied his bow and arrows . 
 the sound of steps came from south of them . 
 the band turned their full attention to the coming threat . 
 `` if anyone has any maju left , now is the time to ready your spells , '' oseth suggested , being the only one drained of his magic power . 
 the poison in his body did not allow him to recover as quickly as he usually did . 
 a beam of light blinded them . 
 it was a white light like that of the divine . 
 `` it 's casting a spell ! '' 
 oseth assumed , twin swords crossed . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 genie alerted before her friends attacked . 
 `` it 's not harmful . 
 its illumancy . '' 
 the person bearing the light approached , illuminating the forest . 
 then the light began to dim . 
 behind the light was a human shape silhouette , with long pointy ears . 
 the light dimmed to a small glow of a lantern . 
 oseth was the first to notice who it was . 
 holding a staff with a glowing orb , it was an elf . 
 five feet tall . 
 it wore a cloak as black as the night . 
 he had long white hair with a diamond shape jewelry embroidered on his forehead . 
 he had a small nose like all elves . 
 `` greetings forest wanderers , '' said the elf . 
 oseth sheathed his twin swords , saron lowered his bow , edd withdrew his axe and genie receded . 
 `` that was nerve wracking , '' saron sighed . 
 `` it 's just an elf . '' 
 `` just an elf you say , '' the elf remarked ; the light on his staff was now small . 
 `` well , i see a couple of lost humans , probably bandits or refugees . '' 
 `` he has a smart mouth though . 
 i think we should kill him , '' oseth urged . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 genie shouted , pacing towards the elf . 
 `` he looks harmless . '' 
 `` you humans act as if i was from another realm , '' the elf said . 
 `` i believe we are speaking the same language . 
 my name is eerith . 
 my family lives in this forest . 
 i heard chatter echoing in the night so i went to investigate . 
 sorry if i scared anyone with my illumination spell , but it is hard to see in the darkness of this forest . '' 
 a relief ran across their chest with a long sigh like a remedy to an illness . 
 oseth could tell the elf was friendly indeed . 
 he had met many elves before . 
 they were a species of higher magical power . 
 their maju was greater than that of a human but their body is much weaker . 
 `` elves are good people or so the elder dwarf had told me once when i was younger , '' edd said . 
 he approached the elf and kneeled before him . 
 `` you elves are as short as dwarfs . '' 
 `` i am only thirteen , '' eerith argued . 
 `` why do you humans wander this forest ? '' 
 `` we were attacked by our own allies , '' oseth told eerith . 
 `` we fought the south country with king richard 's army . 
 they betrayed the band of the fox . 
 we ran away and now we are lost in this forest . 
 we are tired and hungry . 
 we have been walking for two days now . 
 perhaps you can escort us out of this forest , young elf . 
 the band of the fox will be grateful and we shall repay you . '' 
 `` do not worry . '' 
 eerith walked between the band members . 
 he was six inches shorter than saron , which made the archer feel that much taller among his band mates . 
 eerith waved his staff over saron 's face . 
 `` what are you doing , elf ? '' 
 saron asked , disturbed . 
 `` taking a closer look at your face , stranger . '' 
 eerith placed his glowing staff over saron 's face . 
 the white light detailed saron 's face and his short jet black hair and light brown eyes . 
 eerith then moved to genie . 
 his glowing staff detailed her feminine face with short black hair like that of a man . 
 full lips and brown eyes . 
 `` you are an odd woman dressed like a man , '' eerith commented . 
 `` i am a warrior . 
 dresses and long hair are not good for combat , '' genie responded aggressively . 
 `` no need for aggression , ma lady , '' said the young elf . 
 eerith then moved to edd , who was the tallest . 
 the light from eerith 's staff detailed the roughness of edd 's face . 
 `` is this really necessary ? '' 
 edd asked . 
 `` i must know who you are . 
 i do n't just aid anyone i see in the forest , '' said the elf . 
 `` you could be a fiend in disguise for all i know . 
 try any hostile moves and i will set you all on fire . '' 
 `` do we look like we want to hurt you , my little friend ? '' 
 oseth asked . 
 `` we just want to get out of this forest and go home . 
 you must have heard of the band of the fox before . 
 our leader , auron , is a friend to the elves in the east woods of burnahdujf . '' 
 `` auron fox . '' 
 eerith hissed the name . 
 he grimaced at the sound of that name . 
 oseth noticed the foul expression on eerith 's face . 
 `` you do n't seem so happy to hear his name , '' oseth said . 
 `` the famous , auron fox . 
 the band of the fox . 
 how can i refuse an opportunity to help the legendary band of burnahdujf ? '' 
 eerith cheered up suddenly . 
 `` come . 
 follow me , mercenaries ; i will escort you out of this forest . 
 i assume you are heading to the capital city . '' 
 `` thank you , little elf . 
 we owe you , '' oseth said . 
 `` no worries , humans . 
 it is all my pleasure to help the famous band of the fox . '' 
 the band followed the elf using his glowing staff to brighten the way . 
 the crescent white moon overlapped the blue moon . 
 it was like a pendant in the sky . 
 genie gazed up at the two moons . 
 she felt her maju restoring but did not speak of it for she sensed danger . 
 she stared at the young elf guiding her band mates through the forest . 
 her friends saw eerith as trustworthy , yet her female intuition disagreed . 
 naive are my friends to put their trust in an elf that appears in the night that we run away , she thought . 
 illumancy does not make a person innocent as most think . 
 it is power like all types of magic . 
 i am watching you , little elf . 
 they trudged through the forest . 
 it was difficult to see ahead with the mist , but eerith walked with ease . 
 the elf 's illumancy cleared the mist like wind blowing flames . 
 he must be a powerful magus that young elf , edd thought . 
 his wife told him of the kind magical species . 
 they looked much like humans but with pointy ears and small noses . 
 many elves had white hair . 
 some were blonde and few were brunettes . 
 they had more maju than humans had and were able to control it better , or so his wife told him . 
 this is the first time edd had seen an elf . 
 he leaned over , whispering to saron . 
 `` are all elves his size ? 
 this one is much shorter than you . '' 
 saron smacked edd over the head . 
 `` would you stop comparing me to other species . 
 remember that this one is only thirteen years old . '' 
 `` he seemed so wise for such a young elf . '' 
 edd scratched his head . 
 `` elves are very intelligent . 
 i heard they are so powerful they can cast the legendary magic element called cosmo , '' saron said with enigma . 
 `` my friends in parteh famo village would tell strange tales about elves around the campfire . 
 there is this silly fairy tale about elves being able to enter the limbo at will . '' 
 `` what are you two talking about ? '' 
 oseth chimed into their conversation . 
 `` are you two telling jokes about our elf friend escorting us ? 
 if he hears you , he might just change his mind . '' 
 `` not too worry . '' 
 eerith 's voice sent chills up their spine . 
 he was just up ahead lighting the way . 
 `` i do n't take it personal . 
 there are many tales about elves . 
 the truth about my kind is a mystery to humans . '' 
 `` you heard us ? '' 
 edd asked . 
 `` of course i did . 
 these pointy ears can hear from a mile away . '' 
 eerith laughed . 
 `` in about an hour , we should reach the north side of the forest . '' 
 he is friendly , oseth felt somewhat safe around this strange elf , but he kept his guard up . 
 his senses were widely awake . 
 from every rustle to every cricket singing in the night , his ears could help him see what his eyes did not . 
 `` genie , are you alive ? '' 
 oseth looked over his shoulder . 
 genie slowly walked behind the band . 
 `` do not worry about me , '' genie replied . 
 her face could not be seen in the night but the glint of her armor and spear revealed her . 
 `` you 've been awfully quiet , '' oseth said . 
 he slowed down and waited for her to reach him . 
 walking by her side , he felt an obligation to dig into her mind and worried as she does for him . 
 for the past two days , he felt himself getting closer to her . 
 `` do you trust him ? '' 
 she mumbled . 
 `` eerith the elf ? 
 i do n't see why not . 
 he looks harmless , '' oseth replied placing a hand on her pauldron . 
 tonight i am different , he told himself . 
 the war has somehow changed me , i think . 
 `` i know that the elf is trying to aid us out of this forest , '' genie said solemnly . 
 `` did you see how he reacted hearing auron 's name ? '' 
 oseth gazed at her face in the dark . 
 her words made no sense to him , but he listened with care . 
 had his drained body caused him to have more empathy towards his friends ? 
 `` i do n't think auron would have any bad blood with the elves , '' oseth disagreed . 
 genie stared back at him . 
 `` either way , keep your guard up , '' she advised clenching her spear . 
 `` i will be the first to act if anything happens . 
 you know that . '' 
 oseth smirked . 
 she knew him too well . 
 the hot headed swordsman . 
 attack now , think later was his method . 
 eerith continued to light the way through the darkness of the forest . 
 he did not speak much . 
 the band followed behind the elf . 
 `` how much longer ? '' 
 they would ask every few minutes and the answer was always `` patience is a virtue '' , or , `` i only know the way , not the time . '' 
 the travel seemed endless and the band of the fox were very tire . 
 oseth was still unable to restore his maju as well as saron who would startle at every sound of animals running through the tall grass . 
 the two moons began to move over the night sky , ready to hide behind the horizon and call daylight . 
 after a long hour of walking through the forest , eerith reached a river . 
 fireflies lit the river . 
 nighthawks and owls caught fish with their beaks over the surface . 
 it was a beautiful sight . 
 green light glowed from the surface . 
 tiny fishes jumped and caught flies . 
 the light on eerith 's staff died , no longer needed by the illumination of the river . 
 on the other side , more trees and tall grass await them , but there was no bridge and no boulders protruding for them to cross . 
 the band of the fox had no time for beauty . 
 their priority was barinos city , to set themselves free from king richard . 
 oseth approached eerith as the elf gazed deeply into the glowing river . 
 `` this is all very pretty , but is there a way to cross or will we go a different way ? '' 
 oseth asked . 
 for so long he waited to go home . 
 eerith did not answer , the young elf just stood there looking at the river , mesmerized . 
 `` do n't just stare at the pretty aquatics . 
 answer me ! '' 
 the elf just gazed like the child he was at the pretty river . 
 then he finally spoke , `` do you not feel the maju of this forest ? '' 
 `` no , '' oseth snarled , annoyed . 
 he felt as though the elf was wasting his time . 
 `` not to be rude , but we should continue on . 
 there are men hunting us down . '' 
 eerith inhaled the scents of the river then looked at oseth . 
 `` i think i guided you the wrong way . '' 
 `` fantastic , '' oseth said , sarcastically . 
 saron approached eerith standing six inches taller . 
 `` just a while ago you said you knew the way . 
 how can you just ` forget ' ? 
 do n't you live in this forest ? '' 
 the thumping of boots echoed abruptly as they bickered with the young elf . 
 the band of the fox drew their weapons without hesitation . 
 they heard the sound of steel clanking and clanging , marching their way . 
 `` everyone , on guard ! '' 
 oseth alerted . 
 `` how did they catch up so quickly ? '' 
 edd questioned as he readied his axe . 
 the band spread away from the perimeter of the river . 
 `` damn it ! '' 
 oseth cursed . 
 `` we should have killed them all when we had the chance . '' 
 `` there is nowhere to run so lets just get this over with , '' edd said , waiting for the knights to appear . 
 something flew by his cheek faster than he could blink . 
 he heard oseth groaning behind him a second later . 
 he looked over his shoulder . 
 a bolt pierced oseth 's shoulder . 
 oseth yanked it out with a grunt . 
 `` everyone gather around me ! '' 
 saron shouted . 
 he sheathed his daggers and clapped his hands preparing a spell . 
 knights marched from the darkness stomping on moss , gravel and grass . 
 their silver armor glinted with the moon light . 
 swords raised over their heads . 
 fifty knights ran towards the band of the fox . 
 knights with crossbows were in the front of the phalanx and shot bolts at the band of the fox . 
 saron let out a lion 's roar , his voice boomed and a pulse of air deflected the bolts in midair . 
 the knights stopped and from the phallanx emerged a gold and silver knight wearing no helmet . 
 he approached the band of the fox and stood just ten feet away , grinning at them . 
 `` traitors , we have come for your heads , '' said the knight in gold and silver . 
 `` no ! 
 we have come to rid our country of outlaws called the band of the fox . '' 
 `` outlaw ? 
 hah ! '' 
 oseth stepped forward with twin swords ready to strike . 
 `` we are legal mercenaries on an uncompensated mission for that bastard , king richard . 
 if anyone is breaking the law here , it is the king himself , trying to get rid of his employees . 
 we fought in the war and all we get is a stab in the back . '' 
 the knight in gold and silver chuckled . 
 `` this is the second time the king summons me to capture you , '' he stated . 
 `` i remember you , '' edd said , `` you are that knight that burned down our village . 
 i thought you were dead . '' 
 `` good mind . '' 
 the knight chuckled . 
 `` my name is horeft . 
 yes , i am the one that raided your village and led the sainos knights to burn your hidden home . 
 i thought i was dead when your friend auron zapped me with lightning . 
 however , my enchanted armor kept me alive . 
 the wonders that a piece of sorcery stone can do . 
 nothing will stop me from killing you now and bringing your heads to king richard . '' 
 horeft then beckoned the young elf behind the band of the fox . 
 eerith 's feet suddenly lift off the ground and dashed over to horeft . 
 the elf now stood next to horeft sneering at the band of the fox . 
 that smile of betrayal seethed saron 's blood . 
 `` i knew it ! '' 
 genie snarled . 
 `` i knew you were up to something . 
 what do you have against the band of the fox , elf . '' 
 eerith only giggled with a hand over his lips like a child who had just done something naughty . 
 `` the band of the fox will pay for what auron did to my family , '' eerith said . 
 `` what has auron done to the elves ? '' 
 genie asked . 
 she always defended his name . 
 `` he has never harmed the race of the elves . '' 
 `` no , but he has destroyed our home , '' eerith argued , his pointy ears twitching . 
 `` somehow , auron discovered our hidden village in this forest three years ago , and now the dragon gods have boomeranged his deed and i will make sure his band suffers too . 
 perhaps you do n't know much about your leader 's life . 
 you now carry his burden . '' 
 for a moment , genie was doubtful . 
 for a moment , she wanted to curse auron , her leader , the man that saved her and changed her life . 
 no ! 
 she said to herself , auron is a good man . 
 perhaps he has made mistakes , but he seeks peace . 
 i wont be persuaded by this elf . 
 `` whatever auron has done to you , we can repay you i swear , '' genie bribed the elf . 
 `` sorry , but you are three years too late , '' eerith answered and ran to hide in the phalanx of knights . 
 `` oh no you do n't . 
 damn elf . '' 
 saron rapidly pulled the string of his bow and shot an arrow . 
 the missile plunged into the back of the skull of the elf . 
 eerith nearly gasped for air , but his lights went off and he collapsed . 
 `` terrific , now i wo n't have to compensate the poor creature . '' 
 horeft laughed and drew his broad sword with a long hiss of steel . 
 `` i did n't know the band of the fox were cold enough to kill children , which proves you are no different than thieves and assassins . '' 
 horeft charged with his long broad sword . 
 an army of knights behind him . 
 horeft and oseth clashed swords . 
 saron fought with daggers and hurled knives . 
 genie lashed her spear and edd diced through helmets with his battle-axe . 
 battle cries under the two moons . 
 the glowing river just before them and steel echoing through the forest . 
 already a dozen knights had fallen to the band of the fox . 
 they were still tired and drained from previous battles . 
 oseth fought horeft . 
 he blocked heavy blows from horeft 's heavy sword . 
 he could only defend against the knights powerful attacks . 
 horeft was fast despite of his heavy equipment . 
 oseth felt his sword vibrating after every blow . 
 `` what 's wrong ? 
 where is that fire that i once saw ? '' 
 horeft taunted and swung his sword with might . 
 damn it ! 
 he is too fast , oseth panicked and groaned from the pain in his wounded shoulder . 
 he went for horeft 's inner thigh . 
 one sword defended and the other struck . 
 horeft knocked one sword out of oseth 's hand and rapidly blocked the other . 
 horeft delivered a kick to the mid core . 
 the armor decreased the damage but oseth lost air and fell . 
 he scurried back reaching for his second sword . 
 `` go ahead , pick up that sword and fight me . '' 
 horeft challenged . 
 `` you are nothing but a bunch of youths living for another man 's dreams . 
 auron fox has manipulated your minds for his own selfish deeds . '' 
 `` the band of the fox shares the same dream . 
 this time i will make sure your soul reaches necrovania , '' oseth said as he stood up with both swords in hand . 
 he lunged and lashed his swords . 
 horeft delivered a diagonal slash and broke oseth 's weapon . 
 the knight swung again while oseth was shocked in surprise and broke through his chest armor . 
 oseth screamed and fell on his knees . 
 he held his chest wound as he attacked with one sword in hand , but horeft knocked it away . 
 horeft looked down at oseth and raised his sword . 
 `` any last words ? '' 
 `` when auron returns from his journey , you will die . 
 that is a promise ? '' 
 oseth answered , refusing to be weak . 
 `` by the time he returns , you will be dead and your village burned . '' 
 horeft laughed , having known the truth the entire time . 
 `` no ! '' 
 oseth screamed . 
 just before horeft 's sword could touch oseth , edd rammed into the knight . 
 edd knocked him to the floor . 
 he had a fist clad in stones . 
 while he had horeft on the floor , he disarmed the knight . 
 `` this is for our village . '' 
 edd raised his fist and began to drop heavy stone punches on horeft 's face . 
 he punched and blood spurted out of the knight 's face . 
 edd broke horeft 's teeth , then his mouth , then his nose , and finally cracked the skull . 
 edd stood up and lifted his axe then looked at oseth . 
 `` get up ! 
 there are still more of them . '' 
 oseth gazed at edd with awe . 
 he had never seen his friend kill a man in such a savage way . 
 it did not matter . 
 he was still alive . 
 oseth realized he only had one sword left . 
 he was wounded and his maju was low . 
 he grabbed the only sword he had from the floor and stood up . 
 he surveyed the area and saw genie and saron fighting more knights . 
 dozens lied dead , but twenty more still stood . 
 `` this is the end for you follower of the fox . '' 
 oseth heard a voice behind him . 
 he spun with sword ready to strike and before he realized it , a bolt pierced his chest plate near the heart . 
 the knight with the crossbow laughed at oseth and shot another bolt , this time into his stomach . 
 oseth fell to his knees and collapsed . 
 edd hurled his axe at the knight with the crossbow . 
 the knight died immediately with the axe stuck across his chest . 
 edd ran towards oseth . 
 he flipped the boy 's body over and yanked the bolt out of his chest . 
 `` do n't enter the realm of light yet my friend we still have to get home , '' edd said softly as he lifted oseth 's head . 
 `` i ca n't go any further , you must leave me behind . 
 i have no energy left , '' oseth whispered . 
 `` do n't talk like that hot head , '' edd said as he lifted his friend . 
 genie came to aid . 
 `` is he alright ? '' 
 `` he is still alive but he ca n't fight anymore , '' edd frowned . 
 `` you keep him safe . 
 me and saron will finish the rest of the enemy . '' 
 genie ran back into battle . 
 there she saw saron with his daggers cutting the throat of a knight . 
 genie clapped her hands together to cast a spell . 
 she breathed on her hands . 
 her breath was cold and frosty . 
 a knight ran to attack her ; she inhaled deeply and blew a wind so cold like the north glaciers . 
 the knight freezed as he swung his sword . 
 genie then sliced the knight 's head clean off his neck . 
 his body was fully frozen . 
 another knight ran to strike her . 
 she blew her cold spell and froze the knight in seconds . 
 another ran at her from her right . 
 she stabbed through his armor , yanked out her spear and blew her cold spell freezing her opponent . 
 she freezed them one by one . 
 a spell she discovered after auron introduced her to hydromancy . 
 she then shattered the frozen bodies . 
 soon there were no more . 
 saron had killed all the knights except one . 
 he noticed one knight was still alive , injured on the ground bleeding to death . 
 saron and genie paced to the injured knight . 
 `` put him out of his misery , '' genie suggested . 
 `` no . 
 i have a better idea . '' 
 saron knelt next to the injured knight . 
 `` how do we get out of this forest ? '' 
 he asked but the half dead man just groaned with a mouth full of blood . 
 saron had shot an arrow in the man 's chest ; piercing his armor yet somehow , the knight was still alive . 
 `` talk , tell me , how do we get out of here ? '' 
 `` please do n't kill me . 
 i have a family and they are waiting for me , '' the knight begged . 
 `` then tell us how we can get out of here and we will spare you , '' saron said . 
 `` please . '' 
 the injured knight coughed blood . 
 `` go across the glowing river and continue down the path . 
 you should see the lights of the capital city within an hour of travel . '' 
 `` thank you . 
 you have been spared . '' 
 saron stood up and walked away . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 genie clutched saron 's shoulder . 
 `` we ca n't just leave him here . '' 
 `` sure we can . 
 the man is half-dead . 
 it 's best to let him die alone . '' 
 saron shoved genie 's hand away . 
 genie could not stand to see the man in pain so she took her spear and plunged it into the injured man 's heart . 
 the knight gagged and his soul fell to necrovania . 
 `` you should have just let him die , '' saron said . 
 `` no . 
 you should have put him out of his misery , '' genie argued and paced towards edd . 
 edd carried oseth in his arms . 
 genie had never seen oseth in such a weak state . 
 she worried so much about him . 
 seeing him so weak brought tears to her eyes . 
 `` my dear , oseth , '' she whispered and placed a hand on his forehead . 
 `` they burned it , '' he murmured . 
 `` they burned what ? '' 
 genie asked . 
 `` that knight in the golden armor . 
 he told me . 
 king richard burned our village . 
 we 've been deceived . '' 
 chapter 16 : fox and flames `` blood and fire ! 
 blood and fire ! '' 
 the amaranths shouted from above the pit . 
 they no longer cared about the black blood , now they just wanted entertainment . 
 they wanted the black blood to fight for his life . 
 chief vinx gripped his staff seething with anger . 
 auron had broken his illusion spell . 
 the blood he denied was now his worst enemy . 
 he regretted giving the black blood a chance and sacrificed him the moment auron was brought to the island . 
 chief vinx stared at auron in the pit and stood up from the vine throne . 
 he raised his staff and the thunderous sound of the crowd fell in silence . 
 `` brothers and sisters , '' he began , `` it seems as though the black blood has returned with the gift of fire . 
 he has proven himself to our tribe . 
 however , he will not live among us . 
 the black blood will face the villages most powerful amaranth . 
 if he is to pass this test , then he will be set free , but if he fails , he will be a sacrifice for pyramus . 
 bring out the second challenge . '' 
 the challenger 's gate clanked and began to open . 
 auron gripped the sorcery stone in his hand , absorbing its maju . 
 anything but fire was prohibited during battle , limiting auron to his most vulnerable element . 
 the challenger 's gate fully opened . 
 from its darkness , vulcan emerged . 
 the tall burly amaranth trudged and smoke left his nostrils . 
 he clashed his fists together and sparks flew . 
 his eyes under those heavy eyebrows haunted auron . 
 `` you will meet your end with ashes , black blood , '' vulcan said entering the battle pit . 
 `` do n't underestimate me , brother . '' 
 auron 's sword ignited . 
 `` even unleashing my fire magic , the amaranth tribe shows no mercy towards me . '' 
 `` do n't call me brother , '' vulcan snarled , clashing his fist again . 
 `` you will be a sacrifice for pyramus . 
 that is the only way our tribe can maintain our gift . '' 
 `` if only you knew the truth about your leader , '' auron said . 
 vulcan lunged for his brother with stomps that could shake the earth . 
 the crowd thundered . 
 auron swung his sword and unleashed a string of fire to cut through vulcan . 
 the deadly amaranth received the attack and absorbed it . 
 auron swung again . 
 vulcan gripped auron 's right hand before he could strike and squeezed it forcing him to drop his sword . 
 auron delivered a kick to the ribs and set himself free . 
 fortunately , he had not dropped the sorcery stone . 
 he had no other choice but to fight his brother hand to hand . 
 `` ca n't fight without your sword ? '' 
 vulcan said . 
 auron threw a punch . 
 vulcan grabbed his fist and backhanded auron . 
 he lifted auron and tossed him across the battle pit . 
 auron rolled over the dirt and rocks but he did not let go of the sorcery stone . 
 he gripped it and prayed for strength . 
 before he got up onto his feet , he saw his brother leap and dropped a knee on his chest . 
 auron screamed with agony . 
 had it not been for his armor , he would have broken a bone . 
 vulcan delivered punches and bruised auron 's face . 
 `` fight back . 
 are you giving up already ? '' 
 vulcan laughed and pounded his brother . 
 auron did not answer , he only tried to decrease the weight of his brother 's blows and withstand the pain . 
 as he took hits to his face , auron could only think of one solution . 
 a spark chirped on his fist . 
 as his brother held him down and pounded his head , auron delivered a punch to vulcan 's chest . 
 a punch combined with lightning . 
 vulcan trembled from the sudden zap and withdrew . 
 he staggered backward and held his chest , the pain stung like a snakebite . 
 auron stood up . 
 lips bloodied , eyes bruised purple and nose bleeding . 
 he teetered and chuckled . 
 `` shocking is n't it . 
 am i still considered a black blood ? '' 
 `` the village needs a sacrifice to keep our blessings , '' vulcan replied and panted . 
 `` you must die . '' 
 `` vulcan ! '' 
 chief vinx yelled from above the pit . 
 `` kill the black blood . 
 you are better than this . '' 
 vulcan roared and dashed . 
 auron lit his fist on fire ; the sorcery stone increased his maju . 
 they clashed fist , sparks flew . 
 vulcan threw jabs at auron . 
 even with his vambrace , blocking was painful as if his arms could break . 
 vulcan continued to attack denting auron 's armor . 
 the wild amaranth clutched a pauldron and ripped it off auron 's shoulder . 
 auron lost balance , took a blow to the face and fell . 
 vulcan stomped and kicked auron . 
 `` fight me , black blood , '' he shouted and lifted auron by the collar . 
 vulcan grabbed auron 's face with his broad hands and pounded him . 
 the amaranth dented auron 's armor , slammed him on the rocks , hauled him up again and slammed him once more . 
 he stomped on auron 's face . 
 with the tip of his thick inflamed finger , vulcan cut through the steel of auron 's armor . 
 he cut the armor with heat until he saw auron 's tunic underneath . 
 he ripped the pieces of armor and tossed it aside . 
 `` no sword , no armor and no magic , '' vulcan said as he pressed auron 's face into the ground . 
 auron gasped for air and struggled . 
 if this continues , i will die . 
 if this continues , i wo n't be able to go back home . 
 if i use my own magic they will kill me . 
 good terramus , this ca n't be the end of me . 
 i must live . 
 vulcan hauled auron . 
 he raised him over his head and looked up at the crowd and they screamed . 
 `` kill the black blood ! 
 kill the black blood ! '' 
 vulcan then turned to his father . 
 chief vinx smirked and stroked his goateed bear . 
 vulcan tossed auron to the boulders of the pit . 
 auron landed roughly and rolled over sharp rocks . 
 auron groaned from the pain . 
 never had he experienced such agony and desperation . 
 with no armor , the fall was much more severe . 
 he refused to give up so easily . 
 auron tried to stand up with all the pain in his body . 
 he still had much maju left in him . 
 his knees shivered . 
 he stared at his brother . 
 vulcan stood without a scratch or injury . 
 hand combat was not auron 's specialty . 
 edd , how i wish i had your strength right now , he prayed . 
 desperate times called for desperate decisions . 
 auron thought of a spell , one he feared and could cost him his life . 
 a spell he saw master akielas perform with ease when he was a child . 
 it was time to try it . 
 `` vulcan , it is time to end the life of the black blood and offer him to pyramus , '' chief vinx commanded . 
 the sound of drums echoed far and beyond . 
 the jungle beat of the wild scarlet tribe . 
 the sound of annihilation to auron 's ears . 
 vulcan clashed his fist again , sparks flew and his body released fire from his pores like a fiend of flames . 
 his dreadlocks turned to flames . 
 vulcan trudged towards auron , savoring the victory as the greatest fire magus of his tribe . 
 `` there is no redemption for you , black blood . 
 any last words ? '' 
 auron smiled and clapped his hands . 
 `` you have not experienced true power . '' 
 his hands sparked of lightning . 
 he charged his favorite spell , compound of wind and water . 
 `` no ! '' 
 vulcan yelled foreseeing auron 's next move . 
 he dashed towards his brother . 
 before he could launch his fire spell , auron unleashed his lightning . 
 it was faster than an arrow . 
 it flashed before the eyes of the crowd . 
 lightning burst from auron 's fingers and zapped vulcan 's flaming body . 
 vulcan collapsed and his scarlet hair lost its hue . 
 auron did not hesitate . 
 he ran to pick up his sword just a few feet away . 
 he grabbed his sword and slit the tip of his thumb . 
 with his blood , he drew a pentacle and prayed . 
 `` amaranths , kill the black blood ! '' 
 chief vinx yelled . 
 blossom ran away from the scenario . 
 akielas stayed . 
 `` we had a deal , '' akielas told vinx . 
 `` the deal did not involve killing my son . 
 now the black blood will die an even more painful death , '' the chief said . 
 akielas became nervous . 
 he thought of a way to save his son without ruining the relationship he had with the amaranth tribe . 
 faith slipped away once he saw the tribes jumping into the pit to attack auron . 
 should he help him or trust in auron 's ability to escape ? 
 a dilemma he feared might haunt him . 
 the amaranth tribe jumped into the pit and surrounded auron . 
 dozens of them circled him , preventing his escape with spears and daggers at hand . 
 auron pressed his hands on the ground . 
 the illustration on his hand now glowed largely on the ground . 
 the pentacle illuminated the pit like the realm of light . 
 the amaranths were frightened . 
 auron stood in the circle . 
 then something roared . 
 a monstrous growl like that of a fiend from necrovania . 
 the earth shook and something plunged out of the glowing pentacle . 
 a beast of fangs and claws . 
 a canine with sinister red eyes . 
 it had five tails . 
 its fur was white below and red on its back and its feet were pure black . 
 it growled savagely , hungry and aching to tear meat . 
 it was nearly fifty feet long , taking half the space of the battle pit and tall enough to peek over it . 
 auron mounted the fiendish fox . 
 `` allow me to leave in peace and i will spare you , '' he said to the tribes people . 
 the people did not seem so frightened by the fox fiend , instead they yelled . 
 `` the black blood summoned a monster ! 
 kill the beast ! '' 
 they cast their fire spells . 
 fireballs and flame entities . 
 the white fox fiend cancelled their spells with a devilish growl of a thousand canines . 
 the white fox fiend then burst a giant wave of blue flames from its maw . 
 large flames that burned the tribesmen down in the pit and above . 
 they drowned in flames and many began to flee . 
 `` i warned them , '' auron said standing on the back of the fox fiend . 
 a summoned spirit from the limbo he once tried to invoke . 
 the very first creature he saw in the limbo when akielas first introduced him to the world of twilight . 
 it was white , red and deadly . 
 auron had built enough magical stamina to control the creature . 
 the fox turned to the vine throne where akielas and chief vinx stood . 
 the fox growled at vinx and it echoed like thunder . 
 `` father ! '' 
 auron bellowed from above the fox . 
 `` surrender the crimson jewel from above the vine throne and i shall leave in peace ! '' 
 `` auron ! 
 you have won your freedom . 
 let 's go back home . 
 you do not need the crimson cosmo jewel . 
 i will help you face king richard . '' 
 akielas responded . 
 he understood auron 's desperation , yet he could not allow his student to possess the crimson jewel . 
 `` i told you , master akielas , i must deliver the jewel to king richard so that he may spare my people ? '' 
 auron jumped off his summoned beast to the platform of the chief . 
 his father stood with fear . 
 auron did not want to harm his own father . 
 he snatched the staff and shattered the white stone on the vine throne . 
 `` you will never fool anyone again , father . 
 i can see through your illusions . '' 
 vinx ran away from auron , away from the throne giving his son no words . 
 `` cowards never prevail , '' auron said and turned his attention to the fox head statue over the vine throne . 
 just before he reached for the jewel , akielas clutched his arm . 
 `` listen to me , auron . 
 you do not understand the power of this jewel . 
 the amaranth tribe has been protecting this jewel for a millennium . 
 there is a reason why king richard wants this jewel . 
 let me help you . 
 i will speak to richard . 
 he will listen to me . '' 
 `` you do n't understand , master akielas . 
 richard sent my friends to war and burned my village . 
 i am at his mercy . 
 he is cruel and will not accept failure for this mission . 
 it 's more than just that . 
 richard thinks i murdered his son . 
 so this is his way of punishing me . 
 i will accept this boomerang for my past deeds . 
 you were right , master akielas , becoming a mercenary was not the right path for someone like me . 
 however , i do n't want you to get involved . 
 let me walk away and avoid any further conflict between us . '' 
 akielas placed his hand on auron 's shoulder . 
 his eyes watered and he raised his fist , ready to punish his pupil for becoming a threat to the world . 
 blue smoke rose from akielas fist . 
 a spell that auron saw master akielas perform when he was young . 
 `` are you going to hurt me , master akielas ? '' 
 auron asked with a face full of sorrow . 
 `` why ca n't you understand my situation ? '' 
 `` this is more than just about you , auron . 
 do n't be selfish . 
 i think you are aware of the power of that jewel . '' 
 more blue smoke rose from akiela 's fist . 
 auron could not believe his own master would try to use such a dark spell on him . 
 he closed his eyes and responded . 
 `` i am sorry master . 
 you are always right . '' 
 akielas lowered his fist , the blue smoke faded and he removed his hand from auron 's shoulder . 
 `` let me help you , auron . 
 i know what you ... . '' 
 in a flash , auron thrust his palm on akielas ' chest . 
 a pulse of air like a godly push , forced akielas to fly backwards over the pit . 
 auron took advantage the minute akielas lowered his fist . 
 with a mighty air spell , he used a pulse of wind and tossed his master over to the rows where the amaranth crowd once stood . 
 akielas fell brutally as if thrown with the force of a catapult , breaking through the wood of the coliseum . 
 `` you dare raise your fist at me , master akielas . 
 you dare try to use that paralysis spell on your own student , your own son . 
 then i have lost respect for you . '' 
 auron pulled the crimson cosmo jewel from the mouth of the fox head statue . 
 it burned his hands and he almost dropped it . 
 he grasped it with one hand . 
 it was hot and heavy . 
 spiky on top and round below . 
 it was beautiful and glowed with an angry red , bloodier than the scarlet hair of the amaranth tribe . 
 he felt the enormous maju stored inside the jewel . 
 `` amazing power . 
 i wonder what king richard will do with it . '' 
 he gazed into the burning jewel , it was mesmerizing and tempting to use it , but auron never wanted such power . 
 `` king richard will create his own end with this jewel , '' auron thought and mounted the fox fiend . 
 it pained him to hurt his own teacher , his own father that raised him willingly . 
 `` my home that i built with these hands . 
 that is my priority , '' he said to akielas , wherever he had fallen . 
 auron did not care . 
 the jewel was in his hands now and he was a step closer to reclaiming his village and his people . 
 `` white fox , gallop out of this village , '' he commanded his eedahlan . 
 the beast growled blowing flames from its maw . 
 the fox fiend jumped over the walls of the coliseum . 
 a jump so high it seemed it could reach the sun . 
 the beast landed shaking the earth and galloped through the village . 
 amaranth tribesmen cast their flames on the beast but the fox fiend dispelled their fire with a bark of a thousand canines and burst its own blue flames upon them . 
 the villagers screamed in terror of the giant fox fiend . 
 the beast flames burned hotter than the average fire . 
 `` out of the way . 
 i do n't want to hurt you . 
 let me pass and your lives will be spared . '' 
 auron never wanted to hurt anyone but he felt compelled to . 
 tribesmen lunged at him from atop rooftops . 
 they climbed on the back of the white fox to attack auron . 
 he pushed them off with a mighty thrust of wind . 
 they summoned fire entities of snake , winged beast and pet vermillion foxes attacked as well . 
 the white fox fiend mercilessly blew its blue flames . 
 auron was already beginning to lose control of the beast . 
 `` do n't hurt them . 
 gallop out of this village , '' he commanded the beast . 
 its flames stopped and it continued to run through the village . 
 it galloped leaving large footprints behind . 
 the fox fiend ran out of the village and into the wilderness of the island . 
 auron felt relief as the fox fiend ran farther away . 
 `` hopefully , this is the last time i return to this island . '' 
 auron said looking at the amaranth village one last time . 
 ********** at last , he could breathe . 
 never had he been so imprisoned . 
 he stood on the seashore where he had first arrived . 
 the white fox fiend stood colossal before him . 
 auron was still in awe at his ability to summon the white fox . 
 an eedahlan of the fire element , his weakness . 
 `` thank you for your aid , white fox . 
 i dismiss you . 
 your power was of great use . '' 
 the white fox fiend growled and it slowly faded with flames . 
 auron did not want to use its power again . 
 the sorcery stone he used to invoke the white fox still had a great amount of fire maju but fire weakened him and began to feel sick . 
 he never wanted to admit it . 
 even after using fire magic , he still did not fully understand it . 
 it was the only element he could not cast with his own maju . 
 he had to resort to the sorcery stone that akielas gave him . 
 it did not matter . 
 the crimson cosmo jewel was his , finally . 
 he was only a day away from burnahdujf . 
 he slit his right thumb and drew a pentacle on his left hand . 
 the blood illustration glowed and he pressed his palm on the sand . 
 the magic circle expanded . 
 a beast shrieked and rose from the glowing circle ascending high over the ocean skies . 
 garuda flew to its summoner . 
 it landed on the beach shore , knelt before auron and lowered its head . 
 `` to burnahdujf ! '' 
 he commanded and mounted the flying beast . 
 chapter 17 : tempest heavy rain . 
 the empty streets of the capital city . 
 wind gusted wildly that night . 
 no one dared walk the streets that night but the band of the fox . 
 they persisted once they arrived at barinos . 
 they did not rest . 
 with only one concern on their mind , the team 's heart burned . 
 tonight was the night that would determine their end or redemption with or without their leader . 
 the night was darker than ever and the rain was strong . 
 they sprinted through the town . 
 only indoor lights of city houses revealed the way . 
 it had been three days since barvoch tried to kill them and king richard 's army hunted them in the southern forest . 
 three days of struggle and betrayal . 
 finally , they headed for the sainos castle to take one last life . 
 `` i do n't know if i should call this rain a blessing or an omen , but having no guards or people in the streets makes it easier for us to make our way to the castle with no interruption , '' oseth said as he sprinted through the streets splashing water under his boots . 
 he had recovered his maju and felt as though he could take on an entire army . 
 genie had healed his wound from an arrow that nearly poisoned him . 
 `` call it what you will , but we have our strength back , '' saron said running aside oseth . 
 `` today is the day fiends cry . 
 the day the sirens sing a victory fanfare for us . 
 today we reclaim our village with king richards 's blood on our hands . '' 
 `` king richard wo n't be able to hide behind his knights tonight , '' edd added . 
 raindrops bathed the dirt and blood off his face from recent battles . 
 `` everyone please stay alive , '' genie begged with a tone of sorrow . 
 she had healed all their wounds . 
 she had felt their pain . 
 their pain was hers , like holding a child to her bosom . 
 a family she feared losing . 
 `` let 's end this and go home at last . '' 
 `` none of us will die today . 
 we are the band of the fox . '' 
 oseth pounded his chest with a lion 's pride . 
 they continued north to the sainos castle . 
 they could see the castle walls just over rooftops . 
 three towers that connected to a center fort . 
 they eagerly raced through the streets . 
 the rain was cold but they brace through it . 
 they had gone through worse . 
 cold , heat , hunger , fatigue and drained out of their maju . 
 no further challenge could stop them . 
 up the stairs they went . 
 to the level of the castle on the stone path between arbor trees that now had half naked branches by the heavy rain . 
 below they could see the entire city . 
 genie , edd and saron had stopped and looked back at the city and then to the castle . 
 they looked at one another with disappointment and frowning wet faces . 
 oseth did not realize his band mates had paused until he could no longer hear their running footsteps . 
 he turned back and shouted , `` what is the matter ? 
 we are almost there . 
 now is not the time to stop ! '' 
 he stared at them and saw despair in their faces . 
 `` what is wrong ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` sir auron , '' genie said softly , `` i have n't sensed his maju yet . 
 i worry that he did not make it back . '' 
 `` now it 's not the time to worry , '' oseth counseled . 
 `` i have not sensed his maju either , but we must have faith in him . 
 everyone let 's go . '' 
 `` sir auron , where ever you are , may terramus help you find your way back home , '' edd prayed . 
 `` good , now let 's move . '' 
 oseth sprinted down the stone path that led straight to the castle . 
 his band mates followed behind . 
 soon they crossed the mermaid bridge that led to the gate . 
 edd took the lead being the bulkiest . 
 he ran towards the closed gate as he roared , focusing his maju and fusing it , hardening it into a powerful bash . 
 like a herd of bulls , he broke through the gate 's thick wood making an entrance for his band mates . 
 the band of the fox entered wet from the storm , their armor rusty , dripping water over the luxurious carpet of the castle . 
 `` intruders ! '' 
 yelled a voice from across the hall . 
 dozens of knights stormed in , their armors clattering and boots thumping . 
 the castle maids and servants ran away shrieking in fear at the sudden violent entrance . 
 the band had been in this hall before with auron . 
 chandeliers , marble stone pillars decorated with statues of winged children and paintings of the sainos dynasty . 
 `` are n't you all nice and tidy in here ? '' 
 edd said and grinned . 
 `` we would have kindly asked for you to open the door but today is a different day you see . '' 
 `` the knights of sainos can not welcome you in the castle with such a savage entrance , '' said a knight who seemed to be the captain due to the broad shape of his silver armor . 
 `` state your business or we will be forced to end your life . '' 
 `` have you forgotten us so quickly , king 's puppet . '' 
 oseth stepped forward . 
 `` we are the band of the fox and king richard sent us on a mission to fight for this damn country with the south . 
 as heroes of burnahdujf , i demand to see the king . '' 
 `` the true hero is barvoch , the man you killed after assisting in the war , '' said the captain . 
 he drew his long broadsword with a long hiss . 
 the knights behind drew their swords as well . 
 long hisses echoed in the castle halls . 
 `` the band of the fox killed barvoch who volunteered to lead the king 's army to fight the southerners . 
 you are nothing but a bunch of criminals . 
 killing for coin , trying to make a name for yourself and prestige . '' 
 `` a ridiculous and ignorant statement . '' 
 saron 's said . 
 the short man had his bow and arrow ready . 
 `` the underworld of crime has always existed in burnahdujf . 
 i do n't know where you get your stories from , but ever since the band of the fox was formed , criminals feared our name and fled at the whisper of the name fox . 
 our leader , auron , knows what he is doing . 
 we are compensated for getting rid of criminals and other missions . 
 crimes that not even the king was aware of . 
 in case you did n't know , king sargf valued us for our efforts to rid the country of such villains . 
 regardless of the dirty missions we 've done in the past , the crimes of the sainos family are no different . '' 
 silence dropped . 
 the captain of the knights swallowed his next sentence , for he knew he did n't fully believe in king richard . 
 `` let us see the king in a tranquil manner and there wo n't be a need for bloodshed , '' oseth bargained . 
 the captain of the knights raised his sword . 
 `` by the order of king richard . 
 we can not allow you to enter . 
 knights ! 
 send their souls to necrovania . '' 
 `` they always prefer blood do n't they ? '' 
 oseth muttered before he lunged for the captain . 
 dozens of knights ran towards the band of the fox in the large hall of the first floor . 
 swords collided , saron shot down the first knight with an arrow . 
 saron stood away from the battle and as knights approached him , he shot them dead and they collapsed on the marble stone floor . 
 painful screams echoed in the halls . 
 oseth fought the captain . 
 with his twin swords he blocked blows and slit open the captain 's neck . 
 edd cracked open their armor and severed their bodies with his hammer and axe . 
 genie lashed her spear and cut through flesh . 
 in minutes , all the knights were dead . 
 bodies lied bloodied on the carpet and marble floor of the luxurious castle halls . 
 a winged child statue had lost a wing to one of oseth 's attacks . 
 a quick battle won . 
 `` they could have just easily let us through , '' oseth stated . 
 `` do n't wipe the blood off your blade just yet . 
 there are more knights coming from the second floor , i can hear them . '' 
 saron foresaw having used his air magic to amplify sound . 
 air magic governed sound and his spell allowed him to hear beyond miles . 
 steel footsteps thumped and clanked just above in the second floor . 
 `` we should find another way up . '' 
 `` there is no other way up to the second floor , '' oseth stated . 
 `` i have been here with auron before . 
 the only way up is the stairs . '' 
 `` wo n't that make us an easy target ? '' 
 genie asked . 
 blood had splashed on her armor . 
 `` we will use our magic , '' oseth planned . 
 `` we will burn them ; freeze them , cut their flesh with swift winds and smash them with boulders . 
 do i need to say more ? '' 
 `` that 's the oseth i know , '' genie commented . 
 `` enough talk . 
 let 's kick some arse . '' 
 oseth ran towards the stairs , his band mates followed behind . 
 up he went and sheathed his twin swords . 
 he clapped his hands together and readied a spell . 
 his eyes turned red from his innate fire maju , preparing a spell he had been dying to use . 
 just as he reached the second floor , he noticed the line of knights heading towards him . 
 `` there he is ! '' 
 they yelled as they approached from far down the hall . 
 oseth pointed two fingers at the line of knights . 
 he focused his maju on his fingertips . 
 the energy was hotter ever since he had recovered from the poison in the forest . 
 a beam of red light burst from his fingers . 
 as if fire had taken the form of heavenly light . 
 the red beam pierced through their armors one after the other in a straight line like an arrow through five gates . 
 oseth retrieved his spell and felt a bit of fatigue . 
 that spell drained me , i should be saving my magic for richard , he regretted . 
 the five knights dropped dead and the ones behind paused at the sight of their dead comrades . 
 they had no idea what killed their fellow knights , but a young hot headed fire magus . 
 edd , genie and saron reached the second floor . 
 `` what did you do ? '' 
 genie asked at the sight of the five dead knights with no blood spilled on the floor . 
 `` it 's just a new spell , worry not , '' oseth answered . 
 `` a spell i mimicked by watching auron and one i would love to use on king richard . '' 
 then edd pushed him aside , trudging towards the knights just down the hall . 
 `` if you do n't want to die , then you better tell me where the king is , '' edd yelled . 
 `` the king does not want to see anyone at the moment , especially traitors to this country like you , '' answered the knight from down the hallway . 
 they raised their swords and ran to attack . 
 edd simply grunted and stomped on the marble floor . 
 a square stone sunk into the ground of the hall and one of the knights fell through . 
 the falling knight 's scream echoed from below . 
 the others charged . 
 edd knelt and punched the stone floor , his maju forced the marble stone to rise . 
 the knights tripped over the turning stones that fell on top of their bodies denting their armor , smashing their bones . 
 the hall became a sudden alley of agonic screams and death . 
 `` only death awaits any warriors of king richard , '' edd said , removing his hand from the ground . 
 he had grown stronger from the war with the south . 
 it had made all of them stronger . 
 perhaps being away from auron had changed them in an odd way . 
 `` where could king richard be hiding ? '' 
 genie asked eager to see the king beg for his life . 
 eager to see richard in pain . 
 eager to avenge those she had lost in parteh famo . 
 terramus , keep my sisters safe , she prayed . 
 the thought of losing them haunted her . 
 `` the third floor . 
 last time i came here with auron , the throne room was on the third floor , '' oseth remembered . 
 `` i know he must be sitting on his throne sipping wine with his queen and that bald headed creepy man he calls his right hand . '' 
 `` then lead the way , '' genie said assertively . 
 oseth smiled at her eagerness to avenge the village . 
 they knew king richard burned down their home . 
 they wanted to make him suffer for the lives of their loved ones . 
 oseth turned his head facing east of the hallway intersection . 
 `` this way , '' he pointed right and ran down the hall . 
 the band followed . 
 effortlessly , they found the stairway to the third floor . 
 scampering down , dozens of knights wielding swords and shields came at them immediately . 
 `` in the name of king richard ... gag ! '' 
 the knight in the front line was unable to finish his sentence with an arrow in his neck and collapsed down the stairs . 
 `` we are in a hurry . 
 i rather not hear your mouths ? '' 
 saron said with such cockiness that irritated the rest of the knights . 
 `` kill them ! '' 
 shouted an older knight with a white beard . 
 two of them died from saron 's arrows and five fell to oseth 's twin swords . 
 five more died by edd 's hammer and three gagged and grunted at the painful feeling of genie 's spear inside their gut . 
 dead bodies piled on the stairs . 
 without hesitation , they stepped over the dead bodies and went up . 
 more knights tried to stop them but they slay them with ease like child 's play . 
 once they reached the third floor , there it was . 
 the door of the king 's throne room . 
 oseth remembered the first time he walked through the door with auron . 
 he so wanted to speak out in front of the king that day , but was suppressed . 
 now there was nothing and no one to hold him back . 
 `` is everyone ready ? '' 
 oseth looked over his shoulder . 
 his band mates nodded and clutched their weapons . 
 oseth took one last look at the sainos emblem illustrated on the door . 
 with a roar , he kicked the door open and rushed in . 
 he then stopped , flabbergasted . 
 before the throne stood silver knights holding crossbows ready to launch bolts and cease the band of the fox . 
 `` impossible , '' oseth whispered . 
 he felt genie 's hands push him aside as she jumped in front of him . 
 the knights released their bolts , their crossbows thudded like the flapping wings of a dragon . 
 genie cast her spell at the nick of time . 
 her arms stretched out , her palms wide open holding her spear with two thumbs . 
 the bolts ceased , unable to pierce through genie 's transparent shield . 
 the bolts fell and deflected off the barrier . 
 the knights lowered their crossbows and drew their swords . 
 genie 's illumancy had ceased their arrows . 
 `` you never fail to amaze me , '' oseth said . 
 he had never seen her cast a spell with such speed . 
 the knights engaged , swords raised . 
 oseth danced with his twin blades , blocking with one blade and slashing with the other . 
 he slaughtered them , breaking through their defense , anxious to see richard 's cowardly face . 
 they could not touch him or slit his throat . 
 they were too slow and weak for him . 
 he kicked one knight and stabbed another . 
 they gagged and grunted with oseth 's sword in their gut and neck . 
 the hot headed twin swordsman sent their souls to necrovania . 
 he pushed through their defense until he finally saw richard shaking on his throne . 
 the band of the fox had killed the rest of the knights in a short time . 
 dead bodies now lied in the throne room , crimsoning the luxurious sainos carpet . 
 the four band members faced king richard . 
 the right hand of the king , keenoth , stood by the throne with hands fixed behind his back and a deadly stare that could penetrate a soul . 
 to the king 's left was a person clad in black , a long cloak and a white mask with one triangle hole for the left eye . 
 `` we meet at last ... your majesty . '' 
 oseth grinned , rubbing his twin blades together making long hissing metallic sounds . 
 his grin faded at the sight of the stranger in black with that ghoulish white mask . 
 that stranger clad in black , where have i seen him before ? 
 oseth could not help but wonder at a moment that had been anticipated . 
 `` the band of the fox , '' richard finally spoke . 
 he slowly stood up from his throne and took a step forward fearlessly . 
 `` rather than journeying back to your village , you decided to pay me a visit first . 
 i am flattered . 
 however , according to your crime , you must die for murdering barvoch , the man who led my army to defend our country against the south . '' 
 `` you shite ! '' 
 genie snarled , pointing her spear at the king , eager to hurl it . 
 `` you sent us to war to die and for what . 
 for a false accusation . 
 then you promise to spare our village and burned it behind our backs expecting us to die in war . '' 
 `` i watched auron fox murder my son . 
 i watched him sink his blade into my innocent prince . 
 my love and heir to the throne . 
 for that , auron will have no home . 
 he can no longer hide from society . 
 he will be punished as well as his followers . '' 
 richard laughed hysterically for he knew it was all under his control . 
 he felt like a true king for once , as though he was ruling the country as his father should have . 
 `` auron was sent on an errand to find a precious jewel and you were sent to war to fight our southern enemy . 
 your deaths would have paid for auron 's crime but it is not enough . 
 auron will die as well once he arrives and your entire village will perish . 
 what made you think i would let the murderer of my son get away with such a crime ? 
 of course i burned your village . 
 i will make sure that no one else hides from the eye of the king . '' 
 oseth gritted his teeth . 
 at first , it seemed like justice . 
 a missunderstanding . 
 at first , he thought he and his friends could go home at the end of the war . 
 he thought king richard would have mercy even thought , he did not believe that auron had slayed the king 's son . 
 oseth knew auron had absolutely no motives for such actions . 
 however , now he sensed something different . 
 an evil from king richard . 
 the bastard did not want justice ; he did not want to punish the band of the fox . 
 he wanted to feed his own ego . 
 he wanted an ecstasy of power . 
 a hunger for superiority . 
 auron was right about king richard , now i know why he hates him so much . 
 `` it is monarchs like you who make the people of this country suffer . 
 you will pay you son of a harlot ! '' 
 oseth bellowed and plunged one sword in the tiled floor . 
 he pointed two fingers at richard . 
 a red light glowed from his fingers . 
 an angry red that began to illuminate the throne room . 
 `` die ! '' 
 oseth yelled . 
 his friends behind him watched with awe at his new spell . 
 a red beam launched from his fingers aiming for king richard . 
 the white masked stranger faded with black smoke and reappeared in front of the king just before the red beam could pierce his heart . 
 with one hand , the white masked stranger deformed the red beam into flames . 
 effortlessly , the stranger stopped the red beam and absorbed oseth 's maju . 
 oseth retrieved his spell and gaped in disbelieve that someone had stopped his red beam . 
 `` you are not the only one with fire power , '' said the white masked stranger with a deep feminine cold voice . 
 `` i am surprise that such an amateur knows a high level spell . '' 
 oseth freezed , afraid to retaliate . 
 her maju was powerful . 
 it was as if a fiend from necrovania had come to haunt him . 
 `` you are lucky i am not your opponent today , '' said the masked stranger . 
 `` your death would be much more painful . '' 
 then keenoth stepped forward . 
 `` if you want to kill the king , you have to go through me , '' he said , removing his red robes , revealing a blue tunic embroidered with cobra snakes and lion 's teeth for buttons . 
 `` your lives end here . '' 
 `` you are nothing but the king 's puppet . '' 
 genie insulted , readying a spell in her hands . 
 `` enough talk ! '' 
 oseth yelled and lunged for keenoth . 
 edd engage as well . 
 keenoth noticed saron about to shoot an arrow . 
 keenoth swirled his hands , black haze over it and hurled a dark ball of slime . 
 it flew pass oseth and edd and went directly to saron . 
 the short man tried to smack it away with his bow but it swirled around and the black slime landed on his eyes , blinding him . 
 unable to see , he could not defend himself . 
 he tried to pull the slime off his eyes but it pressed tighter , hugging his face . 
 `` i ca n't see ! '' 
 saron yelled and dropped his bow and arrows . 
 `` an interesting spell . 
 do n't you think so ? 
 that takes care of your sharpshooter , '' keenoth mocked . 
 `` he is a water magus be careful ! '' 
 genie warned , recognizing keenoth 's magic . 
 oseth dashed . 
 the bald man just stood there , arms wide open , no defense mechanism . 
 oseth sunk his twin swords inside keenoth and pushed the man back . 
 the right hand of the king resisted . 
 he did not grunt or groan in pain . 
 he stood there and took the attack . 
 oseth stared up at keenoth , gritted teeth and narrowed eyes . 
 keenoth just smiled and chuckled . 
 `` that almost hurt , '' said the bald man with two swords in his gut . 
 no blood gushed . 
 something was not right . 
 oseth extracted one blade and saw no blood . 
 keenoth then grabbed oseth 's neck and lifted the hot headed swordsman . 
 oseth could not breathe . 
 he began to feel that same poison he felt when he wandered the forest . 
 it weakened his body . 
 his muscles began to stiffen . 
 he still carried one sword in his right hand . 
 he raised it , blade pointing down and drove it into keenoth 's heart . 
 the bald man showed no reaction at all , only chuckled , mockingly . 
 `` what ... arck ... kind of magic is this ? '' 
 oseth grunted with a tight throat . 
 keenoth 's hands squeezed his neck , injecting him with poison . 
 edd hasted to save oseth , raising his axe to cut off keenoth 's arm . 
 `` you will d ... '' edd felt his body stiffening . 
 he could not move his body and froze abruptly . 
 keenoth laughed , `` you forgot . 
 i had planted my virus inside that big muscular body of yours . 
 you are still under my control , meat head . '' 
 edd dropped his axe , fell to his knees , hit the marble stone floor with his hard forehead and hugged his stomach . 
 it was that sharp pain again . 
 as if there were snakes swirling inside his body trying to escape . 
 it was difficult to fight even for a man his size . 
 keenoth then grabbed oseth and tossed him across the throne room towards the door . 
 `` your skills with weaponry are great , but your magic lacks strategy . 
 i guess my friend , auron , did not teach you well enough , did he ? '' 
 he laughed again . 
 richard laughed as well , watching his right hand defeating the band of the fox . 
 `` all that remains now is the healer of the group . '' 
 keenoth pointed at genie . 
 she watched her friends fall . 
 this was different from war or a fight with steel . 
 this was a battle of mages . 
 a type of combat she had not fully mastered . 
 `` what is wrong sweet heart ? 
 afraid of me ? '' 
 keenoth said . 
 `` there is no way out . 
 your only escape is death from here on , my darling . '' 
 genie shivered like winter cold . 
 yes , she was frightened . 
 not at death itself , but the poison bearer that took down her friends . 
 she was by herself . 
 edd and oseth were paralyzed by keenoth 's poison . 
 saron was blinded and still struggling to remove that slime off his face . 
 genie stood alone . 
 i ca n't die here , she thought . 
 this ca n't be the end . 
 ********** the sainos castle was just a few leagues away . 
 garuda 's wings thudded like the thunder itself . 
 heavy rain and whistling winds . 
 raindrops pummeled his face like pebbles . 
 the sky was dark and the night felt as though it were an omen . 
 such weather on the day of his return . 
 auron was soaked carrying the crimson cosmo jewel in a leather bag glowing an angry red like lava . 
 auron did not believe in such fairy tales , but he was willing to change his mind for salvation . 
 all he cared about was his village . 
 playing the role of the delivery boy and returning home to his family with the hope that the bastard king richard had spared his village as promised . 
 oh , the remorse . 
 he had to attack his own master to get his hands on the crimson cosmo jewel . 
 this quest , he prayed that it was not in vain . 
 garuda shrieked signaling the arrival of his destination . 
 auron gazed at the horizon through the rain in his eyes with a blurry narrow vision , there he finally saw it . 
 barinos , the capital city . 
 band of the fox , i hope all of you are alive . 
 richard , you better keep your promise , auron prayed . 
 never have i been at the mercy of another man . 
 this will be the last time . 
 let this night be the end of my days as a mercenary . 
 garuda shrieked and descended to barinos city . 
 as the winged beast flew over the city , auron gazed down at the streets . 
 the usual crowded streets of the capital city were empty . 
 statues on houses cascaded water from rooftops . 
 it was mostly dark with only indoor lantern lights . 
 ahead was the castle . 
 `` garuda ! 
 leave me on the third floor . '' 
 auron commanded . 
 garuda orbited around the three towers of the castle , one long circle with wide open wings . 
 it made its way between two towers and then dug its claws into the stone walls of the center edifice . 
 with its human like figure , it climbed down to the third floor window . 
 auron was hanging on to its feathers . 
 once the winged creature reached the third floor , auron climbed up its back and over its right arm and jumped to the balcony . 
 `` thank you , my feathered beast . 
 return to the limbo . '' 
 garuda pushed itself off the wall tearing the stones . 
 its wings clapped with loud thuds and flew high over the sainos castle . 
 it gave a high pitch cry and it shattered into golden dust in the rain . 
 its luster black feathers danced in the rainy sky . 
 auron wasted no time and every minute could change richard 's mind . 
 he ran through the familiar halls of the third floor . 
 he knew the castle well enough having worked with king sargf all those years . 
 he ran pass paintings , ornaments , statues of past kings , sainos artifacts and servants of the castle who startled at the sight of him running recklessly through the halls . 
 he passed many intersections but he knew where he was headed . 
 at the end of the hall , silver knights came running towards him . 
 `` halt ! '' 
 yelled the leading knight . 
 auron stopped . 
 they swiftly drew their swords . 
 `` out of my way , '' auron snarled . 
 `` do n't you know who i am ? 
 idiots . '' 
 `` yes , we know the notorious auron fox , '' said the leading silver knight . 
 `` king richard has been waiting for you . 
 he asked for you to remove all weaponry and armor before entering the castle . 
 follow his request and we will allow you to continue . 
 refuse and we will have to spill your blood . '' 
 `` remove my weaponry and armor you say , '' auron paraphrased . 
 `` i smell a dirty trick . 
 i rather keep my belongings thank you very much gentlemen and if you do not let me through , then richard will not receive his precious jewel . '' 
 `` then we will take it by force . '' 
 the silver knight grinned . 
 `` amateurs , do n't make me laugh . '' 
 auron raised his left hand . 
 he flicked his thumb and index finger as if to shoot a pebble . 
 three sparks of lightning flew from his fingers and shocked the three silver knights , electrocuting them . 
 they shook , screamed and then collapsed . 
 auron ran over their bodies stepping on the helmet and making his way down the hall . 
 `` fools with no knowledge of the mystic arts . '' 
 he ran down the hall until he saw stairs that led to the second and fourth floor . 
 to his right was the door of the throne room with the sainos family emblem . 
 his heart pounded faster . 
 why ? 
 he was finally here . 
 but wait . 
 he sensed something . 
 they are here too . 
 saron , oseth , genie and edd . 
 the band of the fox is here as well . 
 he could sense their maju from within the room . 
 their maju was low like a dying fire . 
 there was someone else . 
 that maju he felt before in the library of ironside . 
 that maju from that white masked stranger . 
 `` no , '' auron whispered . 
 he kicked the door open . 
 it was a dreadful sight . 
 oseth lied on the floor . 
 edd grunted in pain , grabbing his stomach as he once did the last time they confronted king richard . 
 saron was blinded . 
 the short man struggled to release the cursed from his eyes . 
 genie looked over her shoulder and gasped at the sight of auron . 
 keenoth stared at auron solemnly from across the room . 
 king richard smiled , hiding behind his right hand and beside him stood the white masked woman clad in black . 
 something switched in his mind the moment he saw the white masked woman in the throne room . 
 an epiphany perhaps . 
 he began to see a connection of events and a sudden remorse for once again not listening to his master . 
 `` richard ! '' 
 his yell echoed in the throne room . 
 `` i return to you with the jewel only to find you hurting my friends . 
 was sending them to war not enough for you ? '' 
 genie ran to her leader . 
 `` sir auron , '' she cried , `` king richard lied . 
 he is burning our village . 
 one of his knights told me when we journeyed from the forest . 
 he tried to kill us and said he will kill you once you returned . 
 it was all a set up . '' 
 auron gazed at genie . 
 `` i do n't find that hard to believe now , '' he said . 
 `` she is right . '' 
 richard 's voice echoed . 
 `` i told you before , auron , you and your friends will pay dearly for my son 's death . '' 
 auron did not respond . 
 words were useless at this point . 
 it was all in vain , he thought . 
 blood was the only solution . 
 it always ends with blood . 
 so be it . 
 `` this will be the end of you , richard . 
 i swear it . '' 
 auron raised the leather bag where he carried the crimson cosmo jewel . 
 `` see this . 
 the glowing red light of the jewel that you sent me out to find . '' 
 king richard 's eyes widened . 
 the white masked woman took a step forward from aside the throne . 
 `` ah yes , '' richard hissed with lust . 
 `` you were right ember . 
 i am one step closer to reviving my son . '' 
 then he turned to keenoth . 
 `` take the jewel away from him , keenoth , and kill the last two of his friends . '' 
 `` as you wish , your majesty , '' keenoth obeyed . 
 `` hello there , old friend . 
 thank you for running our errand . 
 i shall see to it that you die quickly with as less pain as possible . 
 it is the least i can do . '' 
 auron only growled holding his anger . 
 `` take saron out of here and run , '' he whispered to genie . 
 `` i will handle the rest . '' 
 `` but . 
 sir auron , what about oseth and edd . '' 
 genie worried and her eyes watered . 
 `` they are still alive . 
 do n't worry , i will take care of them . 
 now go and get saron out of here . '' 
 `` yes sir . '' 
 genie ran to saron and grabbed him . 
 the short man staggered . 
 genie grabbed the black slime that blinded him and with a hint of hydromancy , she yanked the slime off his face . 
 `` thank you , '' he said . 
 `` we are getting out of here . 
 auron will take care of the rest . '' 
 as the two exited the throne room , saron shouted . 
 `` kill them , sir auron . '' 
 auron looked over his shoulder and made sure genie and saron were gone . 
 he then stretched his neck muscles and made a cracking sound . 
 auron drew his sword from his back and paced towards keenoth . 
 `` you sold me to the king of fiends himself , keenoth . 
 betrayed me and used me to go up the ranks of the king 's servants . '' 
 `` as if you are any different , auron , '' keenoth argued . 
 `` everywhere i went i heard the name , fox . 
 you inspired me to escalate . 
 we are no different . 
 you spill blood for coin and i am the trusty hand of the king as well as the most powerful water magus in the country . 
 our only difference now is that in a few more minutes , you will be in necrovania , lost in darkness , just another vessel to the dark dragon god . '' 
 auron swirled his left hand casting an air spell . 
 a strong wind quickly swirled around him . 
 then his sword began to chirp lightning . 
 `` this is how we say goodbye . '' 
 auron dashed to keenoth so quick and agile that the right hand of the king did not see auron 's blade piercing his gut . 
 keenoth coughed blood on auron 's shoulder . 
 he did not have time to use his water magic and liquefy his body to absorb physical attacks . 
 he felt the pain and whispered in auron 's ears . 
 `` thank you for freeing me , brother . '' 
 then he felt auron 's blade twist inside his gut and his soul fell to necrovania . 
 auron pulled his sword from keenoth and kicked the bald man 's body aside . 
 `` journey well , my friend . '' 
 he then paced towards king richard who shivered at his presence . 
 the white masked woman faded with black smoke and reappeared in front of the king . 
 `` hand over the jewel , auron fox , '' said the woman politely . 
 `` you ! 
 black she-devil . 
 you attacked me in the streets of the capital city . 
 you followed me all the way to the hidden metropolis city of ironside . 
 now you show your ghoulish white mask next to this coward . 
 who are you and what do you want ? 
 what affiliations do you have with this coward ? '' 
 auron said with rage , pointing his blade at her . 
 `` speak ! '' 
 he yelled . 
 there was a slight moment of silence and then the masked stranger began to snicker . 
 `` what the hell are you laughing at ? '' 
 auron screamed . 
 `` you are all just a bunch of pathetic puppets , '' said the masked stranger with a feminine cold voice . 
 she snickered again and said . 
 `` you are all so easily manipulated . '' 
 `` manipulated ? '' 
 auron murmured in confusion . 
 `` ember , what are you talking about ? '' 
 king richard asked , impatiently and anxious to watch auron finally die . 
 `` stop toying with this red head bastard and kill him . '' 
 the masked woman 's body turned to black smoke and faded . 
 she reappeared behind auron . 
 he startled , spun and swung his sword . 
 she snatched the leather bag from his belt and delivered a rising kick directly to his chin . 
 auron staggered back , his attack failed . 
 the masked stranger faded with black smoke again and reappeared next to king richard . 
 `` you got the jewel . '' 
 richard triumphed with high hopes of resurrecting his son . 
 `` i am afraid our deal is off . '' 
 from her cloak , she drew a long black sword . 
 she pierced richard 's heart and twisted the blade . 
 richard groaned staring into the eye of the white masked woman and all the life in him fell to necrovania . 
 he could not even whisper his final words . 
 an instant death . 
 auron 's jaw dropped having watched the sudden betrayal . 
 the masked stranger pushed the dead king to his throne , releasing her blood covered sword and said . 
 `` a dynasty , a throne , and a country . 
 the meaningless things that men fight for . 
 pathetic . '' 
 the white masked stranger brought her attention to auron . 
 it made no sense to him . 
 this stranger , this fiendish person sided with no one . 
 `` what in necrovania are you ? 
 i thought you were in good terms with king richard just a moment ago . '' 
 `` are n't you glad he is dead ? '' 
 she snickered hiding the leather bag she stole in her cloak . 
 `` such a useless king for a pathetic country you call the north empire . 
 the sainos dynasty is utterly the biggest bastards i have come to know in human history . 
 do n't you think it was about time their legacy ended ? 
 you should thank me , auron fox . '' 
 auron was not sure whether to agree with her or not . 
 yes , of course he hated the sainos family with the exception of king sargf , yet for some odd reason it pained him to watch king richard die under the hand of this masked fiendish woman . 
 this is not how he imagined richard 's end . 
 `` this is not right , '' he muttered . 
 `` what was that ? '' 
 asked the woman in black . 
 `` you pity the king now . 
 is it because i slayed the king . 
 oh i see ... you wanted his blood on your hands instead . 
 is that it ? '' 
 `` king richard was innocent was n't he ? '' 
 auron realized . 
 what his master had said was true . 
 this is the sinister evil he spoke of . 
 `` you did this did n't you ? 
 you plotted everything . '' 
 the masked woman laughed hysterically . 
 her laugher echoed in the throne room then subsided . 
 she extended an arm out , palms wide open , black smoke and swirling shadows covered her hand . 
 from shadows , another black sword extended . 
 she slashed the air with both swords and set them on fire . 
 auron had déjà vu . 
 he felt as though he was back in that library in ironside again . 
 `` sorry , my dear scarlet head fool . 
 you will die without knowing the truth . 
 i 'll give you one last dance of swords as my admiration for akielas best student yet . '' 
 `` you know master akielas ? '' 
 auron was dumbfounded . 
 this stranger ... no ... this fiend ... she continued to puzzle him . 
 what else did she know ? 
 what else could she be hiding ? 
 was she the one who invaded his village and burned it down ? 
 it became difficult to blame king richard now . 
 she dashed , her black swords crossed . 
 auron 's sword chirped with lightning . 
 they clashed blades , lightning sparked from their collision . 
 she began to deliver a storm of blows with both blades . 
 auron parried , blocked and defended . 
 she moved faster . 
 it was difficult to see the reflection of the steel since her swords were black . 
 kaminyte steel it was . 
 the steel of the gods . 
 unbreakable . 
 auron had only seen that steel in ironside and recently in amaranth island . 
 he guessed and predicted her movement every time he blocked and parried . 
 up , down , left , right , diagonal , horizontal . 
 the attacks came too fast . 
 he was not sure for how long he could continue to defend himself . 
 she kept him busy with her blows moving as fast as whistling winds . 
 auron had no time to cast a spell . 
 he had no time to clap his hands and gather maju for a compound spell . 
 she moved swifter than when they fought in the ironside library . 
 there was more rage . 
 as auron caught a glimpse of her left eye , there was more lust and more power . 
 she was blood thirsty but he knew that she holding was back ? 
 was she still toying with him ? 
 `` i will send your soul to necrovania , auron ! '' 
 the woman yelled , black swords falling on auron . 
 he blocked , steel vibrated then swung and missed . 
 auron felt a force pushing him back . 
 he fell on his back , sliding on the tiled floor . 
 he wore no armor for it had broken when he fought in amaranth island . 
 auron pushed himself off the ground immediately and faced the masked woman . 
 they stared at each other . 
 she hid her black swords in her long black cloak . 
 naught but darkness from her . 
 `` that strike should have broken your sword , '' she said . 
 `` disappointed are you ? '' 
 auron smiled at her for once , as though he finally managed to get on her angry side . 
 `` you are not the only one with well smithed steel . 
 would you like to try that again ? '' 
 `` flirty are n't you , '' she said and snickered . 
 `` i think i know why sir akielas trained you . 
 it 's not just that amaranth blood ... . 
 i have changed my mind . 
 i will let you live , auron fox . 
 you will be of great use to me in the future . 
 tell akielas i send him my love . '' 
 the white masked woman began to fade again with black smoke . 
 `` no ! 
 you will not run away from me again ! '' 
 auron dashed with a quick air spell , his feet nearly glided over the tiled floor . 
 he leaped and just before she had fully disappeared , auron clutched her shoulder . 
 his body then began to disappear as well . 
 the black smoke covered him and he felt himself falling into a pitch black abyss . 
 ********** the sound of rolling thunder echoed in the skies of burnahdujf . 
 the heavy rain raged on . 
 as if they had fallen from a portal , they reappeared at the very top of the center castle tower . 
 auron fell on top of the masked woman , a puff of black smoke over them . 
 she pushed auron off . 
 his body rolled over on its side until he reached the round edge of the roof . 
 his right arm tried to find a supporting surface but it had passed the edge of the round perimeter . 
 auron panicked , almost falling off the tower . 
 he stood up teetering , trying to balance himself away from edge . 
 he faced the white masked woman . 
 she stood solemnly clad in black , ghoulishly staring at him . 
 `` i said i was going to let you live , auron , but it seems you rather die . 
 this is a worthy time and place for your death . 
 i will gladly send your soul to necrovania . '' 
 `` wait ! '' 
 auron shouted lowering his sword . 
 `` before anything , i want you to tell me everything you know about sir akielas . 
 i want you to tell me why you attacked me in the streets of the capital city and why you followed me all the way to ironside city . 
 i need to know ? 
 so tell me . 
 who are you ? '' 
 the masked woman did not respond only stood there staring at auron from the triangle opening of her mask . 
 he only heard the sound of raindrops on his face , the whistling wind and the thud of thunder . 
 `` speak ! '' 
 auron bellowed , growing impatient but he did not want to attack . 
 his desire to know was greater at that very moment . 
 he detested being someone 's puppet . 
 `` as you wish . 
 auron fox . '' 
 she finally spoke , her voice cold . 
 `` i will tell you of how i convinced three fools to help me get to you . 
 i will tell you how i persuaded king richard into sending you on a journey to your beloved island thousands of leagues away . 
 i will tell you why i wanted the crimson cosmo jewel and then i will kill you . 
 take this information to necrovania and tell akielas because that is the only place you will see him next . '' 
 `` well then , go on . 
 i am all ears for your tale . '' 
 auron stepped forward , away from the edge of the tower . 
 `` i believe i told you before . 
 my name is ember , like the small red lit fire on coal . 
 like you , i am a student of akielas . 
 however , my relationship with him goes back decades ago . 
 i thought i had killed the old man but the dragon gods have brought him back to punish me . 
 he raised me just like he did with you . 
 i was his apprentice studying under the mystic arts of fire known as pyromancy . 
 i do n't know why he chose me as his pupil but there were others as well . 
 four of us trained by the great akielas . '' 
 `` why did you try to kill him ? '' 
 auron interrupted . 
 `` that i wo n't say , but living on those islands of el nido made me wonder . 
 so i decided to leave our home , that wonderful place , those beautiful peaceful islands that i have come to hate . '' 
 ember 's voice became rough as she spoke of the past . 
 `` el nido ? 
 what is that ? '' 
 auron asked innocently . 
 `` that is not important . 
 what really changed me was getting to know this world . 
 this ugly world we call odealeous . 
 oh the vast ignorance and lies that us humans have written in the pages of history . 
 after reading the entire dragon bible , i wanted to kill myself . 
 i no longer wanted to live . 
 but then something changed . 
 i went back to those islands i once loved . 
 i fought and defeated akielas . 
 after defeating that bastard , his other three apprentices became my followers and joined my cause . 
 i had found a new power that i believe could change the world . '' 
 auron gazed at ember as she spoke . 
 her voice echoing inside her mask . 
 he could feel her pain , her rage , her hate , anger and sorrow . 
 pitiful . 
 as if there was nothing left but the essence of necrovania . 
 this woman is mad , he thought . 
 such destructive passion that she has . 
 she must be stopped . 
 `` that is when i decided to collect the remnants of the dragon gods . 
 the crimson , emerald , aero , and sapphire cosmo jewel , all four will help accomplish my goal . '' 
 `` and what exactly is that goal ? '' 
 auron questioned . 
 `` sorry , but you must die without knowledge of my plans , auron fox , '' ember replied . 
 the heavy rain showered her but her cloak refused to absorb water . 
 at that moment , auron remembered . 
 at the ironside library , his friend audrey had told him of the four jewels . 
 fairy tales auron refused to believe but now the scriptures haunted him . 
 he remembered the words . 
 anyone who possesses the jewel can become unbelievably powerful . 
 i can not imagine what would happen if one person acquires all four jewels . 
 these four jewels do exist and so far , only one has been found with the amaranth tribe . 
 the other three jewels are yet to be discovered . 
 if by fate you find one of these jewels , you must fear its power . 
 all four jewels must never be in the same place at once . 
 we theorize that it could cause apocalyptic events . 
 no . 
 auron did not believe such conspiracies yet the evidence was before him . 
 it was all connected . 
 a sign or a calling from terramus . 
 call it what you will . 
 auron was frightened . 
 `` what was king richard going to use the jewel for ? '' 
 `` to resurrect his son that you killed . 
 did n't he tell you ? '' 
 `` i did no such thing ! '' 
 auron roared . 
 `` tell me . 
 who killed his son ? '' 
 `` it was barvoch 's idea ... no ... it was my idea . 
 the king needed something to motivate him . 
 he needed a reason to search for the jewel , not just because it was a pretty stone . 
 so i thought , a man would do anything for his own blood , his descendants . 
 what if only i knew of the cure to this man 's pain . 
 the solution to his son 's revival lies in the home of his rival . 
 it was a great opportunity for him to take revenge on you and so he did . '' 
 ember snickered as she revealed her manipulative tactics . 
 `` somehow i knew . '' 
 auron said . 
 `` in the back of my mind i knew , but richard threatened to massacre my people if i did not find the jewel . 
 but wait ! '' 
 he stopped , took a deep breath and asked . 
 `` you already knew about the amaranth tribe . 
 why did n't you go there yourself ? '' 
 `` i tried . 
 believe me i tried to take the jewel from those red head savages , but no matter how many of them i killed , they were powerful . 
 their magic was great . 
 it pains me to say but i could not take on hundreds of them at once . 
 fighting fire with fire was not wise . 
 they were very protective of that jewel . 
 so i decided to leave and think of a better plan . 
 then i thought , they are more likely to give the jewel to someone of their kind . 
 that is when i decided to coax that useless bastard king richard into forcing you on a journey to face your own people in hopes that you would return that precious jewel . 
 of course , i made sure that he would tell akielas of your whereabouts and here i stand now with the jewel in my hand . '' 
 ember laughed and enjoyed watching auron seethe with anger . 
 `` evil , '' auron whispered . 
 `` you are pure evil ! '' 
 he yelled . 
 `` i do n't expect you to understand , '' she replied . 
 `` good and evil , there is no such thing . 
 he who knows the law of causality can create events . 
 create like when the dragon gods created odealeous . 
 create like how the four dragon gods used their combine breaths to give life to the ultimate species able to think and question life . 
 that species that we call humans . '' 
 auron raised his sword , he was ready to fight . 
 `` i have just one more question . 
 keenoth , barvoch , and king richard . 
 how did you convince them ? 
 how did you get them to turn on me ? '' 
 ember levitated a few inches above the ground . 
 her cloak danced with the howling wind of the storm . 
 auron was not sure what mystic arts she was using but was sure that it was not aeromancy . 
 `` how do you convince any human to do your bidding ? '' 
 ember paraphrased . 
 `` by giving them what they want the most of course . 
 humans are greedy . 
 they will kill their mother to gain wealth , fame , be remembered , and experience the greatest pleasures of life . 
 for barvoch it was simple . 
 he wanted to be better than you were after you kicked him out of your band . 
 he framed you . 
 with a potion enchanted with hydromancy , he used your image and fooled richard into thinking you murdered his son . 
 he was able to gain richards trust . 
 of course , he died by the hands of your band mates , as i planned . 
 for keenoth it was simpler : he was lazy . 
 he just wanted to gain the king 's trust so that he can become the first king of burnahdujf that did not descend from the sainos family . 
 he wanted to break the cycle at the cost of sacrificing his old friend . 
 how sad . 
 of course , he was not going to be able to fool king sargf so he and richard plotted a way to poison the old man . 
 yes , richard was willing to kill his own father for the throne . 
 that is when you arrived from the mission returning the prince 's treasure . 
 it was not the prince 's treasure but rather king sargf 's treasure . 
 the pendant you returned from those bandits in the woods was actually an immortality pendant that akielas had been collecting throughout the world . 
 that is why king sargf died so easily with one sip of poison in his wine . 
 i wish that it would have been my plan but it was your dear friend 's idea . 
 that keenoth was a true snake . 
 i actually admired his twisted mind . 
 i wanted to keep him alive but i underestimated your abilities . 
 you have impressed me . 
 akielas did a fine job training you . 
 however , if you want to experience real power , his teachings just are n't enough . '' 
 the wind lashed auron 's face . 
 rolling thunder echoed in the skies . 
 the heavy rain continued mercilessly as if it could go on forever . 
 he was utterly awed . 
 like standing before an inhuman entity . 
 never had he met anyone who could manipulate events and people such as ember . 
 it was truly evil . 
 the work of a fiend . 
 a power hungry fiend from necrovania . 
 but there was something more . 
 something deeper auron could not explain . 
 a pain so deep that ember was suffering . 
 lost . 
 she had given herself to darkness . 
 he pitied her and oddly sympathized , yet he knew he had to kill her . 
 auron was speechless . 
 `` i heard enough , '' auron said , `` i will make sure you meet your end . 
 you will not take the crimson jewel . 
 you will not harm or puppet another soul . '' 
 auron slashed the air with his sword preparing a spell . 
 a sudden wind blew strongly , orbiting him . 
 `` ember ! 
 by the gods . 
 i can not allow you to live . '' 
 sparks chirped from his sword . 
 his maju was much higher than before . 
 `` i hope you are satisfied and ready to journey into darkness . 
 allow me to help you find the peace you longed for . '' 
 ember grabbed her cloak over her left shoulder . 
 she pulled it off herself as it became a ghostly black mist . 
 she swung it around herself again and tied it around her waist forming a half skirt that was just above her ankles . 
 she revealed her hourglass figure that she had been hiding in that cloak . 
 a tight bodysuit , detailing the shape of her breast . 
 even her neck was clothed in black . 
 `` why do n't you remove that mask ? '' 
 auron asked . 
 `` i like to see the face of the one i am going to kill . '' 
 `` you are of no threat . 
 i will only use one fourth of my power on you . '' 
 ember said as she swung her twin black swords that rose from shadows and smoke . 
 `` once i kill you , i will learn how to use the power of the crimson cosmo jewel you fetched for me . '' 
 auron dashed and for a second he hydroplaned . 
 he was faster than before , with a speed like that of a wolf . 
 their blades clashed , sparks flew and the two pushed each other sword to sword . 
 ember swung her second black sword at auron . 
 he guarded and the blade slided over his vambrace . 
 as the black sword fell off his arm , auron backhanded ember . 
 she grunted and delivered a front kick . 
 auron took the kick to the chest and as he staggered back , he grabbed her leg and swung her over his head like tossing a log into a river . 
 ember 's body swirled in the air as she was thrown off the tower . 
 auron stood in a stance ready for her next move . 
 he felt her cold presence reappearing behind him and steel about to pierce his back . 
 he spun as he swung his sword with force , parrying her attack and swung again for her neck . 
 she dodged the attack as her feet were off the wet ground . 
 hovering gave her a movement advantage . 
 she was not at the mercy of gravity , but auron 's speed increased . 
 he had cast a spell that raised his agility . 
 she could not storm him with blows as she did before . 
 `` you have slowed down . 
 what is wrong , ember ? 
 is that one fourth of your power not enough ? '' 
 auron said . 
 ember did not answer . 
 she faded with black smoke and reappeared upside down , her head towards the ground . 
 auron was disturbed by her odd combat tactics . 
 she swung at him . 
 for a moment , he did not know how to react but managed to block in time . 
 he jumped high , spun in the air parrying her blows and swung at her mid body . 
 as his sword ran through her body , she shifted into black smoke again . 
 he fell and as gravity pushed him , he noticed ember below about to swing her black sword . 
 his heart pounded as if his life would end that very moment . 
 he spun dancing with his sword in the air . 
 wind quickly gusted , circling him , blowing him away from his foe . 
 his body spun dramatically like being taken away by a twister . 
 he then fell and landed , rolling on the stone ground of the castle roof . 
 he stood up , wobbled , and became dizzy . 
 his vision blurred for a second , unable to see and the rain made it much worse . 
 as he stepped backwards , he felt the heel of his boot off the edge of the round perimeter . 
 he startled and quickly stepped back in . 
 ember did not hesitate . 
 she dashed gliding over the wet stone . 
 auron 's sword chirped with lightning . 
 he swung and hurled a yellow light of energy from his sword . 
 ember quickly ducked and felt the lightning beam just over her head . 
 just before auron could defend himself , from below , she delivered a kick to his chin . 
 auron almost bit his tongue off and was pushed off the edge of the tower . 
 auron front flipped as he fell . 
 just in time , he grabbed on to a square stone that protruded from the wall . 
 with his left hand , he grabbed on to the stone and with his right , he held his sword . 
 it was difficult . 
 the heavy rain made the stone slippery . 
 he felt his fingers gradually sliding off . 
 a desperate moment , he was not sure of what to do . 
 he looked above and saw that ember stared at him . 
 `` i could have killed you , auron , '' she said . 
 `` but i enjoy seeing you struggle even more . '' 
 he was ten feet away from the top and thought of one spell that could save his life . 
 `` you must think i am an amateur , '' he mocked . 
 he placed his sword between his teeth and clenched the hilt . 
 with his right hand , he pressed into the stonewall of the castle . 
 his maju bended the element . 
 he was then able to climb up the tower walls . 
 his hands and feet sunk into the stonewalls . 
 soon he was able to wear the stones as armor as they broke and assembled around his body . 
 the golem armor spell he had taught edd . 
 he climbed all the way up to the top and once he made it , ember launched a fire missile from her palm . 
 auron 's rock armor was pushed back almost falling off the end again . 
 ember dashed towards him again and auron threw his stone gauntlet . 
 it flew across the roof and hit ember with force . 
 she fell on her back and moaned from the pain . 
 `` impressive , '' she said as she stood up . 
 auron took the chance to cast another spell . 
 while wearing his rock armor he pressed his hands on the roof inserting his maju . 
 stones rose from the ground and wrapped around ember 's legs and arms just before she could stand . 
 once she was trapped , auron removed his rock armor , the stones he wore fell off his body . 
 he took his sword and leapt to finish her . 
 just as he descended over her , she faded with black smoke . 
 auron landed and his sword plunged into the roof . 
 `` damn it ! '' 
 he cursed . 
 `` how can i be such a fool ? '' 
 he sensed her behind him again and spun , parrying her black blade . 
 she swung again and auron leaned back , dodged the blade and front kicked ember . 
 he inhaled and as ember returned for another attack , auron blew a cold wind at her . 
 from his small lips , he blew a wind so cold that could freeze the flesh . 
 it chapped his lips . 
 ember 's right hand began to frost . 
 she screamed and withdrew from auron . 
 she flew up high where auron could not reach her . 
 `` i see you ca n't handle the cold . '' 
 auron laughed having discovered a small weakness . 
 his body shivered after using the cold spell . 
 `` we all have a weakness . 
 it 's only common sense that a fire user like you would be weak against water spells . '' 
 `` do n't get cocky , '' ember snarled from above . 
 her half skirt billowing in the strong wind . 
 her black tight clothes refused to absorb water , preventing her from getting soaked by the heavy rain . 
 `` well done , auron . 
 i like the way you fight . 
 i think i could fall in love with a man like you . '' 
 `` hah ! 
 to be with a woman who wo n't show her face . 
 you must be uglier than a forest goblin and sorry , but i am a married man . '' 
 auron spat on the floor . 
 `` i prefer we finish this dance . '' 
 `` charming , '' ember flirted . 
 her twin black swords set on fire like torches . 
 she swirled her weapons and flew higher into the darkness of the storm . 
 she turned her body in midair and dived down to the castle tower . 
 she thrust her weapons horizontally and vertically . 
 from her black blades , two red lines of fire with her maju formed a cross falling upon the center tower of the castle . 
 auron saw the flaming cross above . 
 it was going to slice the roof of the center tower . 
 auron 's heart pounded faster . 
 he anticipated her inferno attack . 
 he stepped towards the round edge of the roof , plunged his sword into the stone and with stubborn terramancy , he dug his fingers into the ground bracing for the coming attack . 
 the cross of fire fell upon the center tower turning stone into lava . 
 fire and smoke rose from the small channel of lava that was formed by ember 's spell . 
 though the rain was heavy , the temperature increased around auron . 
 he was safe in a divided section but was now surrounded by the element of his weakness . 
 the inferno failed to cease despite the rain . 
 auron coughed roughly as if he caught an illness . 
 `` damn her , '' he said and coughed harder unable to breathe with the smoke that rose from the lava . 
 `` not so fond of fire . '' 
 ember 's voice was near , giving auron goose bumps . 
 he spun around . 
 looking through the wall of fire created by the channels of lava , he saw ember . 
 she laughed hysterically , loudly like an old hag . 
 `` do n't like fire , auron . 
 so sad . 
 it is my innate element and i just love burning things much like the myth of pyramus . '' 
 why has n't she used the crimson cosmo jewel , auron wondered . 
 perhaps she does not know how to use it yet . 
 if so , then i am in luck . 
 if this is her firepower i hate to see what she would do with the crimson jewel . 
 suddenly , ember reappeared in front of him . 
 auron jumped back and almost fell off the edge again . 
 ember 's swords ignited like torches . 
 auron 's sword chirped with lightning . 
 their weapons collided releasing sparks . 
 auron swung his sword with more power and speed . 
 ember blocked and parried . 
 with a loud roared auron swung with the enhancement of an earth spell , he was able to disarm ember of one sword . 
 he black sword fell down to the fields of the castle . 
 ember was distracted by auron 's sudden burst of power . 
 she saw him swinging at her mask . 
 unable to block in time she was struck . 
 auron had slashed her white mask ... or so he thought . 
 he swirled his hand and palmed her chest sending her flying with a mighty pulse of wind . 
 i broke her mask , good terramus , i cut her mask in two . 
 then he looked again through the walls of fire . 
 she hovered with one sword at hand . 
 there was not even a scratch on her mask , only burned marks . 
 `` well done , auron fox . 
 you just gained my respect . '' 
 ember snickered as if it was all a joke to her . 
 `` do you take anything seriously ? '' 
 auron asked , annoyingly . 
 ember did not answer . 
 she now held only one black sword . 
 she held it vertically in front of her . 
 it lit up with an angry red color as if a black smith had just taken it out of the fire pot . 
 she then lashed her sword ; a horizontal red line of her maju was released from her blade . 
 auron spun his sword side to side , forcing wind to sharpen . 
 he thrust his sword vertically . 
 his air spell took on its physical form with his maju and collided with ember 's red line of fire . 
 both spells collided . 
 ember launched another flaming slash this time vertically . 
 auron evaded it and it nearly graced him but it had carved the stone floor of the roof , turning it into lava . 
 auron threw another wave of razor wind ; ember jumped then shot another flaming slash . 
 auron dodged it . 
 `` oh no , '' auron whispered realizing the trap he had fallen into . 
 he was surrounded by channels of lava . 
 he had nowhere to move but a small island that he could easily fall off . 
 he was afraid of fire . 
 a phobia he developed from childhood . 
 he did not panic , and remained calm plotting an only spell that could end ember 's fire attacks . 
 `` as you can see i do not need to raise my power , '' ember bragged . 
 `` with only one fourth of my magic power i can kill you right here and now . '' 
 as ember laughed , auron focused on gathering water . 
 the element was abundant tonight and auron took advantage of it . 
 as raindrops fell , he gathered the element forming a sphere of water between his palms . 
 `` a water spell i see . 
 that wo n't change your fate . '' 
 ember shot another flaming slash . 
 auron 's water spell grew and once ember 's fire spell collided with his , he was able to stop it . 
 steam rose from the collision and auron 's spell continued to grow . 
 the storm seemed endless and auron gathered water around his body till he was inside an aquatic sphere . 
 the sphere grew the more water it absorbed . 
 `` you think i do n't know how to fight against my weakness . '' 
 ember levitated , her sword glowed red and this time it extended . 
 it became longer and longer , a behemoth blade of flames . 
 `` i will send your soul to necrovania ! '' 
 she shouted and glided towards auron with great speed . 
 just as she approached , auron 's voice was heard screaming from inside the water sphere . 
 `` aquara orbitous ! '' 
 ember stopped and immediately retreated . 
 auron had sent a spherical wave of water . 
 it spread far beyond the center tower . 
 the walls of fire died and the lava turned to rocks . 
 ember got caught in the pulse of auron 's attack . 
 she was trapped inside the sphere as the waters orbited auron . 
 the magus began to contract the sphere , shrinking it , drawing ember towards him as she drowned and struggled . 
 once the sphere had shrunk enough , auron escaped it and used his maju to freeze ember in an orb of ice . 
 he blew a strong cold wind from his lips . 
 the water turned solid and ember was unable to escape as she drowned . 
 in the very center of the tower 's roof , ember was frozen . 
 auron finally sighed with relief . 
 he stared at the orb of ice and saw her frozen inside . 
 her black clothes were blurred as auron stared into orb . 
 he dropped his sword and fell to his knees . 
 he could not sense her maju anymore . 
 she has to be dead , he assumed . 
 `` is it really over ? '' 
 he questioned desperately . 
 `` was it really that simple ? 
 yes ... after all ... it is her weakness . 
 there is no way she survived that . 
 she is frozen solid . 
 unless she knows any hydromancy , she wo n't be able to free herself . 
 then again she would have to be conscious to cast any spells . 
 i doubt that she is alive in there . '' 
 auron tried to convince himself . 
 he wanted to believe she was dead , frozen inside the orb of ice . 
 a spell he learned from master akielas . 
 a spell he had improved over the years , a spell that nearly drained him of all his maju . 
 thunder thudded in the clouds . 
 the sky showed no signs of the storm 's end . 
 wind continued to lash and the heavy rain raged on . 
 it was as if the skies of burnahdujf were angry that night , as if to purify or cleanse malice in barinos city . 
 auron tossed his head back in relief with closed eyes as if to thank the dragon gods , it was over . 
 never had he fought so hard . 
 never had someone pushed him to his limits , to the last mystic bits of his maju . 
 for a moment , he thought the peaceful life he sought was impossible . 
 auron heard a cracking sound . 
 he prayed that it was just the sound of his tired bones . 
 he gazed into the orb of ice and saw a red light blurred inside . 
 a fissure ran through the orb of ice . 
 auron 's heart pounded as if to panic . 
 soon ember broke free from the orb of ice . 
 it detonated sending shards of ice flying . 
 the ice melted . 
 she ascended into the sky , staring down at auron . 
 she held no sword but clawed her hands molding a ball of fire and her half skirt billowing in the strong wind . 
 `` thought you could kill me so easily , '' ember said , harshly . 
 `` hahaha ... i have not faced anyone as powerful as you in years , auron fox . 
 akielas taught you well , but i can sense your maju fading away . '' 
 `` i am not giving up . 
 i will see you die even if it costs my life , '' auron swore . 
 `` putting your life on the line now . 
 good . 
 as expected from akielas pupils . '' 
 ember said . 
 she raised her arms and molded maju with two hands , creating an orb of fire . 
 auron anticipated her spell , combining the elements of earth and water . 
 he clapped his hands together and pressed them on the ground . 
 his maju forced wood to rise from the stone roof . 
 thick wood like tree branches rose through stone . 
 auron kneeled and allowed his wood spell to shelter him . 
 if i am to kill this mad woman i must use my most powerful spells and what is more powerful than an eedahlan . 
 auron clapped his hands again and prayed . 
 he chanted his mantra then from his belt he took out a sorcery stone . 
 the gift akielas gave him for his eighteenth birthday . 
 it was red full of fire maju . 
 he lifted his sword from the floor and slid his right index finger . 
 with blood , he drew a pentacle on his hand and pressed it on the floor . 
 the magic circle glowed and expanded across the floor . 
 the pentacle shined a heavenly light opening a portal from the limbo . 
 ember had launched her orb of fire . 
 a sphere that resembled the sun during the storm . 
 it descended on auron 's wood shelter . 
 it detonated like dragon fire once it touched the tower 's roof . 
 ember laughed as she watched the fireworks rising from below . 
 `` i hope his wood spell was strong enough for him to survive that explosion , yet i expect better from akielas student . '' 
 she glanced down and noticed that the fire had cleared from the explosive . 
 she saw light shining from the center tower . 
 `` what is this ? '' 
 she asked . 
 the circle was spreading . 
 she saw auron ; his wood shelter had been destroyed . 
 `` fox fiend i invoke thee ! '' 
 she heard him yell . 
 something roared so loud it echoed in the skies . 
 a roar like that of a fiend from necrovania . 
 something came out of the glowing pentacle . 
 a beast . 
 it was a canine monster carrying auron on top of its head . 
 white fur with red on its back and pure black feet with claws that tore stones . 
 it was fifty feet long with five tails coiling off the tower . 
 it was auron 's fox fiend eedahlan from the limbo . 
 a summon that akielas introduced to him when he was young in the humble beginnings of his magus training . 
 the fox fiend growled savagely aching to sink its teeth into raw flesh . 
 so monstrous that even ember got chills looking at it . 
 it opened its maw and blue fire left its mouth . 
 it growled again so loud it echoed far through the skies of burnahdujf . 
 the heavy rain turned into light raindrops . 
 the wind eased to a slow chilly breeze . 
 the fox fiend 's maju was vast . 
 `` ember ! '' 
 auron yelled from atop the white fox . 
 `` my beast will destroy you asunder . 
 your fire will not work in this battle . '' 
 `` one eedahlan from the limbo wo n't do you any good . '' 
 ember replied . 
 `` the only thing that the colorless world has to offer . 
 useless entities . 
 i will have you know that your summon spirit is stealing your maju . '' 
 `` shut up , '' auron snarled . 
 `` fox fiend , kill her . '' 
 the white fox grunted then shot a bullet of blue flames from its mouth . 
 ember spun in the air away from it . 
 the shot nearly grazed her . 
 it was hot , much hotter than regular flames . 
 those blue flames can melt the flesh right off my bones . 
 i need to be careful with this beast . 
 ember told herself . 
 she dived down towards the beast and spun . 
 her fire spell circled her , cloaking her in a fire disguise , like a comet falling from the sky . 
 `` fire ! '' 
 auron commanded . 
 the white fox spat three bullets of blue flames . 
 ember dodged them with ease . 
 just as she got closer to the beast , she felt her magic vanishing . 
 her fire faded , leaving her hovering in the air dozens of feet away from the fox . 
 the white fox pounced opening its maw , fangs like swords . 
 ember 's heart stopped when she saw the beast about to dine on her . 
 at the nick of time , just as the fox 's teeth were over her head , she disappeared with black smoke . 
 the fox bit the air and landed on a tower of the castle . 
 `` coward ! '' 
 auron yelled . 
 `` face me . 
 do n't you dare run from this fight . '' 
 he surveyed the area standing atop the fox 's head . 
 he glanced up and saw ember hovering , her half skirt billowing . 
 `` having a creature fight your battles . 
 who is the coward ? '' 
 ember replied from above . 
 her body turned into black smoke . 
 auron grimaced and started surveying the skies again . 
 he looked down at two towers and the center tower of the castle . 
 he then felt her presence reappear behind him again . 
 he spun as he enchanted his sword with lightning and swung at her only to find black smoke again . 
 `` damn it ! '' 
 he cursed and looked to his left as he felt her presence . 
 that very moment he received a mind blanking kick to the face . 
 auron blacked out for a second . 
 just as ember was about to cast a fire spell , the fox fiend pounced to another tower , forcing her off balance and losing focus of her spell . 
 before auron could recover , she disappeared again . 
 auron stood up on the white fur of his eedahlan . 
 `` where did she go ? '' 
 he asked the abyss , eager to return the pain . 
 he began to lose his patience with the masked woman . 
 the fox fiend landed on another tower . 
 it growled and smoke left its mouth . 
 `` show yourself coward . '' 
 auron then saw her reappearing on the south tower . 
 `` fire ! '' 
 he commanded with a shout . 
 the fox fiend shot a bullet of blue flames again . 
 it seemed that the shot had touched ember but she faded with smoke again . 
 the blue bullet flew across the fields of the sainos castle and detonated a building in the city 's commercial district . 
 auron became distracted . 
 his heart pounded loudly with guilt when he saw the damage he had caused . 
 `` no , '' he whispered . 
 that was not meant to happen ; he never meant to harm the people of the capital city . 
 `` curse you ! '' 
 he gritted his teeth seething with anger . 
 his frustration caused him to fall mindlessly for ember 's trap . 
 `` that is quite a powerful animal you have there , auron . '' 
 ember 's voice crept from above . 
 `` you better tame that beast or it will cause the destruction of this city . '' 
 `` you plotted that . 
 you knew my eedahlan was prone to attack in any direction . 
 i see ... i shall not fall for that again . '' 
 auron grieved for a moment . 
 the rain had fully stopped . 
 there were only dark clouds above . 
 this is futile , auron pondered . 
 i ca n't touch her . 
 my eedahlan can cancel her spells but it 's useless unless i can ... hmmm ... i have n't tried that yet . 
 auron 's fingers chirped with lightning . 
 using water and air magic , he prepared one of his favorite spells . 
 `` you are a coward , ember . 
 you have no true power . 
 you would not dare get near my fox fiend . 
 that ` one fourth ' of your power was a bluff . 
 why do n't you stop with your games and show me that power you obtained from the crimson jewel , '' auron taunted . 
 `` very well , '' ember replied . 
 `` it was fun while it lasted but you rather meet your end sooner . '' 
 ember began to fly around the castle towers . 
 she circled the castle , her body leaving a trail of black smoke as she flew like a fiend from necrovania . 
 from the palms of her hands , she released a snake body of fire . 
 her spell aimed towards the fox fiend on the east tower . 
 her spell snaked through the air over the castle . 
 the fox fiend gave a thunderous bark like that of a thousand canines . 
 ember 's fire spell ceased . 
 `` well done , but i refuse to believe that your beast can cancel any fire arts . '' 
 ember continuously flew orbiting the castle . 
 she launched fire again . 
 this time it morphed into flamed gargoyle skeletons . 
 they growled and screeched . 
 she summoned dozens of them , twice the size of men . 
 `` those gargoyles are not from the limbo but from necrovania . 
 she ca n't fool me , '' auron analyzed . 
 `` a real invocation takes time and larger amounts of the summoner 's maju . '' 
 `` you continue to surprise me amaranth . '' 
 ember 's summoning spell ceased as she orbited the castle in the form of a black cloud of smoke . 
 `` feast on the white canine my beautiful creatures of the dark . '' 
 the gargoyles soared over the fox fiend . 
 auron prepared to zap them with lightning . 
 the white fox howled and it seemed to have caused the dark clouds to clear the skies . 
 the gargoyles were bothered by the fox howls but it did not prevent them from attacking . 
 they persisted through the repelling maju of the fox 's howl and swooped . 
 auron released his beam of lightning upon the gargoyles . 
 as they were struck , their flames died and fell from the skies . 
 the fox fiend chewed on them like ashy bones and spat them out with blue flames . 
 too many surrounded the eedahlan . 
 ember continued to summon more gargoyles as auron zapped them from the sky and his fox could only kill so many at once . 
 the fox fiend barked at them but their fire failed to cease . 
 it bit them and sneezed blue flames at them . 
 it was futile . 
 the gargoyles began to tear the flesh of the fox . 
 with their claws and teeth , they dug through its white fur . 
 the fox howled in pain and tried to shake them off its body . 
 the white fox jumped to the west castle tower dripping blood . 
 the skeleton gargoyles followed it . 
 auron continued to zap the skeletons . 
 `` fox fiend . 
 it is time to use your blue inferno . '' 
 auron commanded . 
 the fox fiend gave a long howled . 
 the gargoyles shrieked and stopped their flight . 
 the fox then let out a large blue inferno . 
 flames so large that could destroy half the capital city . 
 it unleashed its flames on the gargoyles that flew over the castle . 
 the blue flames illuminated the fields of the sainos castle . 
 it illuminated the capital city and the night itself . 
 `` outstanding , '' ember commented . 
 she watched as she hovered in the night sky . 
 her body trembled as she felt the excitement running around her hourglass figure in her tight black garments . 
 `` this blue inferno . 
 it 's so beautiful , '' she said passionately . 
 her gargoyles fell from the sky on blue fire . 
 the fox spun on the west tower with its large body tearing stones then it scowled at ember . 
 she knew what was coming . 
 `` despite its beauty , do you think you can kill me with those blue flames , auron ? '' 
 `` i was n't planning to , '' auron said and extended an arm forward . 
 his fingers chirping with lightning . 
 `` trondas chain ! '' 
 he yelled . 
 strings of lightning unleashed from his fingertips . 
 ember 's body began to fade with black smoke . 
 just before she disappeared , the strings of lightning attached to her body . 
 her shoulders , arms and legs were all paralyzed by lightning strings . 
 she could not disappear as she would . 
 her muscles stiffened from the small voltage . 
 no ! 
 no one can imprison me like this ; she seethed with rage . 
 no ! 
 i will not be humiliated . 
 great cosmos i will not die by the hands of a mere mortal . 
 rage filled her now . 
 she was sure to use more than one fourth of her power at this point . 
 `` hahaha . 
 you are at my mercy now , ember , '' auron bragged , having finally captured her as he had planned earlier . 
 he was confident now of ember 's death . 
 `` my lightning chain is inescapable . 
 i told you that you would not live to harm another soul . 
 fox fiend ! 
 blue inferno ! '' 
 the white fox gave a quick grunt and launched his blue inferno , bathing ember in blue flames that could burn half the capital city to ashes . 
 auron had ember paralyzed in the air . 
 his lightning strings attached to her body , paralyzing her . 
 the flames of his eedahlan lit the night in blue . 
 auron assumed victory . 
 he felt ember 's maju fading and dying . 
 `` be gone and rest in necrovania with your evil intentions . 
 you are too dangerous to be kept alive . '' 
 the white fox ceased its blue inferno . 
 auron persisted in holding ember in the sky with his lightning chains . 
 the spell chirped like a thousand sparrows . 
 auron smirked watching ember helpless in the air . 
 she must be dead by now , he assumed . 
 then he felt a tug . 
 he felt his lightning chain spell being tugged by ember . 
 `` damn it ! 
 she ca n't be , '' auron cursed . 
 his hopes faded . 
 ember panted heavily . 
 her clothes tattered , ripped and her skin burned by the blue flames . 
 her half skirt was completely burned off her waist and only her white mask was untouched . 
 her muscles stiffened by auron 's spell . 
 `` no one has ever injured me like this , '' she hissed , her maju boiling volcanically . 
 she commenced to awaken an enormous power she had been hiding for years . 
 with a roar , she broke auron 's spell freeing herself from his lightning chains . 
 `` the dragon gods must be on your side , auron . 
 hahaha . '' 
 `` my prayers have been answered , '' auron replied . 
 `` and today i ask the gods for victory . 
 away with your existence . 
 i can not allow your wrath upon this country . 
 no ... upon this world . 
 master akielas was right . '' 
 auron wanted to use another lightning chain spell but felt drained . 
 the spell took its toll on his body . 
 it stiffened his muscles and took too much of his maju . 
 some spells came with a price . 
 auron gladly paid any toll required to defeat this fiendish woman . 
 as his maju slipped , so did his hopes of victory . 
 `` no one had ever injured me like that before . 
 especially , with my own element , '' ember confessed . 
 `` it has been a fun battle but i had enough of you . '' 
 she raised her right hand , palm wide open . 
 purple steam rose from her body . 
 her hands chirped with purple sparks . 
 a violet orb appeared over her palm and began to swell . 
 it grew and became large in seconds . 
 as auron stood atop the head of his fox fiend , he could only watch in awe , mesmerized . 
 the violet orb swelled into a giant globe bigger than auron 's eedahlan . 
 it chirped purple sparks . 
 it glowed with different shades of purple and lit the town with its violet light . 
 `` incredible , '' auron whispered with a shaky voice . 
 he immediately shook off the fear and faced his foe although he was not sure of what to do next . 
 `` good , terramus , what kind of spell is this . 
 is she even human ? '' 
 he asked the earth god . 
 auron 's white fox shot a bullet of blue flames . 
 the purple globe immediately absorbed the blue flames . 
 `` no ! 
 damn it ! '' 
 ember thrust her arm in auron 's direction . 
 the purple globe flew towards the fox fiend . 
 the beast tried to gallop out of the way but the maju of the purple globe pulled it in . 
 auron jumped off the fox 's head down to the castle tower , abandoning his eedahlan . 
 `` sorry white fox . 
 i will find you again in the limbo , '' auron said with sorrow as he jumped off the beast . 
 he felt his body being pulled as well but managed to jump down to the roof of the tower . 
 the purple globe pushed the fox fiend off the tower , far away from the castle area . 
 the globe pushed the beast across the capital city . 
 its energy destroyed buildings , houses and took innocent lives . 
 as the fox fiend was pushed helplessly , it gave one last howl . 
 the purple globe pushed the fox a league away from the capital city into the wilderness . 
 finally , it detonated into a purple eruption creating a great mushroom cloud . 
 ember watched the explosion in the horizon . 
 she enjoyed the sound of the destruction like music to her ears . 
 it was a beautiful sight for her , like a painting that she wanted to hang on a wall , made from the brush strokes of her maju . 
 purple light illuminated the sky . 
 auron watched from the west tower of the castle . 
 the cloud of the explosion in the horizon . 
 it had caused great damage to the shrine district of the city . 
 auron shed a tear . 
 `` i have failed , '' he whispered . 
 `` no ! '' 
 he cried and punched the ground . 
 `` it 's hopeless . 
 i ca n't defeat her . 
 she is just too powerful . 
 she is not human , '' he told himself and looked down again at the shrine district . 
 ember had created large debris , a scar on the city . 
 she appeared in front of him with a cloud of black smoke . 
 she stood blocking his view of the precious city . 
 ember kicked auron across the face while he was still down . 
 he fell on his back , his nose and lips bleeding . 
 `` is n't it a beautiful sight ? 
 the destruction . 
 just look how it illuminated the sky . 
 it is a real work of art , '' ember said as she paced towards auron . 
 `` is this really what you want ? 
 destruction ! '' 
 auron said . 
 his maju was nearly drained . 
 he tried to get up propping his sword but ember kicked him down again . 
 he regretted using his lightning spell . 
 if only i had more maju , he thought . 
 he could not perform powerful spells . 
 `` get back , '' he threatened , pointing his sword at ember . 
 `` you were never a threat to me , auron . '' 
 ember kicked his sword away with ease . 
 the man was weak . 
 his magic was low . 
 ember reigned over him . 
 after watching her easily annihilated his eedahlan and destroy half the shrine district of the capital city , auron expected death at any moment but he refused to leave this world without a fight . 
 `` let me show you the power of cosmo , '' ember said . 
 she clawed her right hand like a hawk 's talons and lifted it from her hip to her chest . 
 auron felt his body being pulled just as he did when he fought her in ironside 's library . 
 she lifted auron 's body with an unknown force . 
 he groaned trying to fight the force but it was futile . 
 as he drifted slowly towards her , he silently drew out a knife hidden in the back of his belt . 
 `` your tenacity is unforgettable , auron . 
 i admire your courage . 
 sleep well in necrovania . '' 
 `` yes and you are coming with me . '' 
 auron plunged the knife into embers heart so rapidly she had not seen it coming . 
 she gasped and released auron . 
 he fell to his knees and quickly stood up . 
 he throttled her and pressed on the knife . 
 blood seeped from the deep wound . 
 ember moaned and gave low grunts of pain . 
 `` we shall taste death together . '' 
 auron snarled and tackled ember off the castle tower . 
 they fell together from hundreds of feet high . 
 `` i will not die by the hands of a mere mortal ! '' 
 ember screamed as they fell . 
 her pride was hurt and with a knife in her heart , it was difficult to use magic but she managed . 
 she turned herself and auron into a black cloud and soared across the fields of the castle . 
 auron would not let go of her . 
 he wanted to make sure she died even if it meant his own life . 
 `` you will pay for burning my village , '' auron shouted and gripped her neck as they flew above the capital . 
 ember could only scream in pain and shriek . 
 auron tried to remove her white mask as they flew but it did not budge off her face . 
 it was as if her mask was attached to her skin . 
 the black cloud lowered into the city from the night sky . 
 ember tried to veer and prevent from colliding into the tall buildings of the city but as auron choked her , she lost her focus . 
 they headed towards a building ; the black cloud was going to crash . 
 `` i will not die , auron ! '' 
 she screamed and coughed blood . 
 as the cloud got closer to the building , auron realized it was the temple of the earth god terramus . 
 the black cloud broke through the walls of the temple . 
 the people inside screamed at the sudden chaos . 
 the cloud continued , broke through the second wall and they fell outside of the temple . 
 they then descended to the streets of the capital city . 
 auron lost grip of ember crashing through the stone walls and fell from twenty feet in the air . 
 his body rolled down the cobbled streets with the debris . 
 he heard his left forearm bone crack as his body helplessly rolled . 
 with low maju , he could not cast spells to help himself . 
 ember fell hard twenty feet away from auron . 
 her black cloud helped ease the fall . 
 she was hurt but no bones were broken , just pain throughout her body . 
 ember still groaned and moaned in pain while auron lied on the ground with rubble over him . 
 ember gazed at him , she hoped he was dead . 
 she wished she could have made him suffer more before his soul fell to necrovania . 
 *********** ember was to stand up . 
 although all her muscles ached , she still had energy to fight . 
 she still had more than enough maju to create another destructive orb . 
 she kicked the debris aside as she paced cripplingly towards the only man able to injure her . 
 she took out the knife auron had stabbed her with and tossed it . 
 she used carnomancy , a branch of fire magic , to heal her deep flesh wound . 
 her hand glowed red and she pressed it on her chest . 
 it hindered her breathing and for every time her heart pounded , more blood gushed . 
 the flesh began to close but it burned deeply as if she had poured alcohol on it . 
 `` curse you amaranth . 
 damn red head . 
 making me spill blood like this . 
 you are lucky you are dead , '' ember groaned as she spoke . 
 `` uh ! 
 mmmh ! 
 shit ! 
 it hurts but i think yours was much worse . 
 your maju has vanished . 
 to think that i could possibly die by your hands . 
 do n't make me laugh . 
 i was careless and over confident . 
 i must admit i was blinded by my own arrogance . 
 that is my only regret . 
 yet i admire you . 
 you fight like that old man , akielas . 
 curse him . 
 curse you . 
 it does n't matter . 
 one day it will all be gone . '' 
 ember 's wound closed but it still ached . 
 she could still feel the pain in her heart stinging like a spider bite but she had nothing to worry about . 
 she raised her palm , black smoke and swirling shadows covered her hand and the crimson cosmo jewel appeared . 
 it was heavy and shined an angry red . 
 `` i will learn to use this power . 
 along with the other three remnants of the dragon gods . '' 
 ember heard auron coughing from twenty feet away . 
 he was on the floor covered in rubble , dust and blood . 
 he flipped over to lie on his back and continued coughing . 
 `` he lives , '' she hissed . 
 `` he is weak but alive . 
 i still have a chance to make him suffer more . '' 
 as she paced towards auron , from the darkness of her cloak , a black sword extended with swirling shadows . 
 she grabbed the sword and slashed the air . 
 her arm ached ; she would not wield her steel as she did moments ago . 
 `` there , there , my lovely red head . 
 let me be your savior . '' 
 auron did not respond . 
 with closed eyes , dirt and dust smeared on his face , he smiled . 
 he could not move but was stubborn enough to try . 
 `` go ahead . '' 
 his voice was weak like a dying geezer . 
 `` go ahead k-k-kill ... me . '' 
 `` in a hurry to die ? '' 
 ember chuckled . 
 `` no ... i will relish this . 
 i want to see the life leave your eyes . '' 
 ember startled at a roaring sound from above . 
 she heard a monstrous roar and was sure it was not from auron 's fox fiend . 
 she surveyed the skies and in the west of the city she saw what appeared to be a dragon approaching . 
 a silver dragon like no other . 
 in awe , she turned her attention to the beast in the sky and gazed deeply , astonished . 
 a dragon . 
 no , it ca n't be . 
 the darn creatures are extinct ... she thought . 
 as said in the dragon bible they left the human world into another realm . 
 unless ... auron chuckled as he lied weak with debris . 
 `` what are you laughing at ? '' 
 ember asked suspiciously and turned her attention back to the approaching silver dragon . 
 the beast roared and descended down to the capital city . 
 it flew over her causing a strong gust . 
 she felt a nostalgic maju coming from the dragon . 
 a maju that she feared would get too near . 
 she ran from it for so long . 
 `` no , '' her whisper echoed inside her mask . 
 `` how did he find me ? '' 
 she gazed up again and saw the silver dragon flapping its wings just dozens of feet high . 
 the dragon descended with loud thuds of its wings and roared . 
 it landed with its claws tearing the ground . 
 its skin was silver like that of sword and grey zombified eyes that send chills through one 's spine . 
 ember noticed a man sitting on the saddle of the dragon 's back . 
 the man stared at her through strands of his long black hair . 
 his eyes were narrow and cold . 
 he wore a large black cloak with armor underneath . 
 they stared at each other solemnly . 
 `` master akielas , '' ember said , unsure of her next words . 
 `` it is always good to see one 's pupil no matter what they have been doing , '' akielas confessed , mounted on the dragon . 
 he unlocked the belt from the saddle and jumped off the silver dragon . 
 `` leave this area , '' he told the beast . 
 it gave a loud roar , kicked off the ground and flew away . 
 akielas paced towards ember , hands inside his cloak with a serious face . 
 he glanced side to side at the destruction ember had caused in the shrine district of the capital city . 
 he noticed auron on the ground , laughing and grunting from his aching body . 
 then he turned his attention to ember . 
 his first pupil clad in black with a white mask . 
 though he could n't see her face , he knew it was her . 
 her maju had become cold since he last encountered her . 
 `` why do you hide behind that mask , ember ? '' 
 akielas asked calmly . 
 `` the ember you knew no longer exists , '' ember answered . 
 `` with this mask i buried my past . 
 why do n't you tell me how you are still alive ? 
 i watched you die , my dear master . 
 i killed you with your three apprentices that are now my followers . 
 i killed your wife , your child , and burned you alive . 
 how are you still alive ? '' 
 `` yes , you did defeat me and turned my apprentices against me . '' 
 akielas unhooked the belt of his cloak and removed it . 
 he tossed it aside and took a step forward . 
 `` i watched you murder my wife and burned my home with my first born child . 
 then you tried to take my life but i faked my death and hid in the shadows of the odealous . '' 
 ember laughed at akielas . 
 memories filled her and felt as though something had eluded her for so long . 
 `` you are a sneaky one , akielas . 
 faking your death . 
 hahaha . 
 how could i have been so foolish ? 
 perhaps i should have stayed on the islands a little longer . 
 instead , i set out to explore the wonders of this world . 
 only to find misery and sorrow . 
 the islands of el nido are the most peaceful place i knew , but i do not want to return to their isolation . 
 i have found something of meaning in this world . 
 i have seen the truth . 
 everything i have done is for a reason . 
 i do not expect you to understand , akielas . 
 you are too ignorant to comprehend . '' 
 akielas sighed , trying to release the stress . 
 `` what hardships could you have gone through that turned you into such a fiend ? 
 tell me , ember . 
 i raised you with all the love i could give . 
 what is there to understand ? 
 why do you destroy ? 
 why did you kill my only family ? 
 why did you run away and become this ghost wandering the world ? 
 where is the student that i raised to be virtuous and chivalrous and a loving soul ? 
 tell me , my dear ember . '' 
 akielas grieved . 
 he knew that she would attempt to kill him as she once did . 
 he had to punish his own student reluctantly . 
 `` why is your heart full of hate ? '' 
 `` sorry , master akielas . 
 all i can say is that i can not follow the path you set out for me . '' 
 ember slashed the air with her black sword . 
 `` i could not follow your creed . 
 so i tried to end your life in order to set myself free from your creed . 
 thus , i found a better path . 
 one that was made for me . 
 ` selection of the soul ' as prodigus kollos calls it from the dragon bible . '' 
 `` a path of destruction i see , '' akielas added . 
 `` again , my dear master , i do n't expect you to understand . 
 some sacrifices must be made . 
 you fight for your belief and i fight for mine . 
 it is the nature of human kind . 
 it is the nature of this world . '' 
 `` all these years and this is the only explanation you have for me ? '' 
 akielas asked . 
 `` my dear apprentice , i only wanted to promote peace and introduce faith and true redemption to the world . 
 that is why i left the islands after you tried to kill me . 
 by whatever purpose you chose a dark path , it is truly beyond my understanding . 
 i only wish that my loving apprentice , no , my children would come back home and live in harmony in el nido . 
 my dear child , do you have any last words before i punish you . '' 
 `` i 've said all you need to hear , master akielas . 
 i believe you will find redemption in necrovania . '' 
 ember stretched out both arms . 
 index fingers and thumbs together . 
 purple smoke rose and glittering dust like stars . 
 before her , a sphere of violet light appeared . 
 akielas readied a spell himself and stretched out both arms , hands overlapping . 
 a sphere of white light appeared before his hand . 
 `` cosmia suz ! '' 
 ember yelled . 
 `` llumvrem phantom suz ! '' 
 akielas shouted . 
 both spells collided . 
 two beams of maju clashed causing a great light that illuminated the streets of the shrine district and sparks of all colors to chirp . 
 one purple beam and one white beam . 
 one of white magic and the other cosmic force . 
 akielas and ember pushed each other with their spells . 
 ember 's beam already began to shorten . 
 she was still slightly weak from fighting auron . 
 her muscles ached and it hindered her ability to control her spells . 
 `` you have become stronger than before , master akielas , '' ember said as she pressed more maju into her spell . 
 akielas ' white beam overpowered ember 's . 
 he was confident that he would defeat her this time after finally finding her . 
 he had no intentions of killing her but simple to stop her . 
 his spell was meant to shock her body and knock her out cold as powerful as it seemed . 
 the phantom suz , a spell that shocked the foe and shut off all their senses . 
 smell , touch , hear , taste and sight . 
 if akielas was able to blank her mind for a moment , he would be able to search it for a short period of time . 
 he wanted to look into her past and find the roots of her darkness . 
 `` no ! '' 
 ember shrieked . 
 she sent a pulse of maju in her cosmic beam . 
 it grew larger and pushed back on akielas ' spell . 
 purple lightning flew and set a house on fire nearby . 
 the ground beneath them began to tear apart from the immense energies . 
 rocks and rubble began to levitate . 
 akielas pressed more maju and pushed ember back . 
 her purple beam shortened again and she began to panic . 
 the intense energy began to cut her and ripped her black clothes . 
 `` no ! '' 
 ember screamed . 
 `` i will not lose to you . 
 i killed you once and i will kill you again . '' 
 `` ember , you have become a threat , '' akielas stated . 
 `` i can not allow you to move freely throughout the world causing more destruction . '' 
 ember reached a limit . 
 her body could not control her spell anymore . 
 her heart pounded and the light began to blind her . 
 the energy of the two beams radiated and began to cut through her skin . 
 she decided to admit defeat . 
 she raised a large amount of maju but did not press it on to her spell but rather braced herself and used it to disappear . 
 she let go of her spell and just as her body faded away in a black cloud , akielas ' phantom suz broke through and flew towards her . 
 she was gone . 
 akielas spun around , surveying the area waiting for her to reappear again . 
 her maju was completely gone . 
 `` she slipped away . 
 i almost had her . 
 i could have shut off all her senses and captured her . 
 but i will see her again . 
 as long as she breathes , i will be able to find her , wherever she goes . '' 
 akielas picked up his cloak he had tossed and walked over to auron . 
 his other apprentice whom he raised as his own son . 
 it seemed he had many children but none of his own blood . 
 he kneeled down to auron and brushed off the dust , dirt and ash off his rough face . 
 auron wore no armor and his sword made of rare steel was nowhere to be found . 
 `` you did well to survive . 
 i am proud of you , '' akielas told auron as he lifted the red hair man . 
 `` ouch ! '' 
 auron groaned . 
 his body ached and hurt as if he had been stabbed by a hundred knives . 
 `` hang in there , auron . 
 i am taking you home . '' 
 akielas whistled with two fingers in his mouth . 
 a roar in the sky answered . 
 his silver dragon returned . 
 it landed near its master . 
 akielas carried auron to the saddle of the dragon . 
 `` i fear the worst is yet to come . '' 
 akielas said taking one last look at the debris that ember had caused to the capital city . 
 chapter 18 : anew `` mama . 
 is papa dead ? '' 
 he heard his daughter hanna . 
 `` no , my little fairy . 
 he is just really tired . 
 papa worked hard to save the people of the village . '' 
 he heard his wife lorena . 
 `` why did he come back home with that man on the flying lizard , mama ? '' 
 hanna asked innocently . 
 `` that is papa 's friend , my little pixie . '' 
 he heard his wife speaking to his daughter and then the sound of a squeaky kiss . 
 he began to open his eyes . 
 sunlight hit him directly from the window . 
 as bright as the realm of light . 
 he shielded his eyes with his wrist . 
 his vision was blurry . 
 `` he is waking up , mama , look . '' 
 `` hanna , '' auron muttered . 
 rising up from his sleep , he realized he was on his bed at home . 
 when his vision cleared , there stood lorena and his daughter , hanna , sitting beside him on the bed . 
 `` slept well ? '' 
 his wife asked wearing her usual green dress . 
 he was pleased to see her again after all he had ventured through . 
 it seemed as though it was all a dream . 
 as if everything he had gone through happened long ago , a decade perhaps and he was just waking to the life he sought . 
 his wife and daughter embraced him . 
 lorena 's arms around his broad shoulders . 
 hanna 's short arms around his neck . 
 he was home at last . 
 `` i thought i died , '' he said . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 `` have you got nothing left in that scarlet head of yours , my dear ? '' 
 his wife teased . 
 `` must i remind you of what happened ? '' 
 auron kissed his wife and then hanna on the forehead . 
 he embraced them joyfully . 
 his heart at ease , it seemed as though he had been away from his family for years . 
 good terramus , you 've heard my prayers , he closed his eyes as he felt bliss in his calm soul that very moment . 
 he eyeballed his room . 
 everything was tidy . 
 although it all felt right and in place , something bothered him . 
 as if he had forgotten something of great importance , yet he held what he needed in his very arms . 
 `` it is so good to have you home , papa , '' hanna said as she hugged him . 
 `` i 've missed you so much , my dear , '' his wife confessed . 
 unusual of her . 
 he jerked his head to her in surprise of her words . 
 `` for once , you truly mean those words , '' auron stated . 
 `` do n't ruin the moment , red head , '' lorena snarled . 
 `` get up and don your tunic . 
 i 'll make breakfast for ya . '' 
 she stood up from the bed and down the stairs she went to the kitchen . 
 hanna stayed with him . 
 he looked into her green eyes at that innocent lovable smiley face . 
 `` papa , did you make those bad people go away ? '' 
 `` what bad people , my dear ? '' 
 auron asked his daughter , rubbing her cheek , aloof . 
 `` papa , those bad people in shiny clothes that make the houses go red , '' hanna said . 
 something had switched in auron 's mind . 
 he lifted hanna with one arm , jumped off the bed , and set hanna back on the floor . 
 hastily he dressed up . 
 pants on , green tunic and his armor ... his armor ? 
 he remembered that it had been torn . 
 his sword was not in its place either . 
 only his boots by the door . 
 he quickly put them on and scampered down the stairs . 
 little hanna followed her papa . 
 `` where is the band of the fox ? '' 
 auron raised his voice now as memories returned . 
 lorena was setting up a kettle on the fireplace to cook . 
 `` why do n't you take a breather for once ? 
 sit down and let me make you some tea , '' lorena suggested . 
 `` please do before you run off somewhere . 
 everything is not the same anymore ; you will need your strength . '' 
 `` sorry , my love , but i think i will skip breakfast this morning . 
 off i go . '' 
 auron hurried out the door as his wife grimaced . 
 he immediately wished he could have waited just a little more before he stepped outside . 
 for once , lorena is right , he admitted once he saw the village in ruins . 
 yes , it all came back seeing the burned houses and the dead bodies of king richard 's knights . 
 his front garden was all ashes now . 
 a horse lied dead on the dirt street . 
 he assumed it was his horse . 
 one he raised from the day the animal was a foal . 
 his heart became heavy as he walked . 
 a tear left his eyes for the home he spent so many years building . 
 he heard the door of his house creaking . 
 he glanced back and saw lorena . 
 `` want me to join you ? '' 
 she asked softly . 
 `` no , let me walk my streets alone for a while , i will be back . '' 
 auron told his wife and commenced walking the streets of his beloved village . 
 auron noticed lorena 's eyes red as she closed the door . 
 he only wished he was here to properly bury the village people . 
 through a graveyard he walked . 
 he saw the body of his neighbors on the ground . 
 a woman held a child in her arms with a spear through her body . 
 some bodies were burned , some had their flesh torn apart and gore scattered over the dirt path . 
 most houses were completely burned and very few remained . 
 he could hear them from the land of the dead . 
 he could hear their voices calling him for help . 
 he could hear their screams just before their deaths . 
 perhaps they had not reached the realm of light or necrovania . 
 perhaps they were in limbo , the colorless world wandering the realm without a destination . 
 `` i shall cast a spell to help them find their way in the afterlife , '' he said with guilt . 
 `` after all , it was my fault . 
 for the blood i spill for coin to build this wonderful village . 
 king richard is a bastard , but i am no different . 
 i isolated myself from the society of this country . 
 why did the people have to pay for my karma ? '' 
 `` that is not the auron i know , '' said a voice coming from auron 's left . 
 he startled and looked over his shoulder . 
 exiting a hut , between two trees was the village chief . 
 one of the founders of the village . 
 it was yorin , an elderly with a brown cap on his head that gave it an egg like shape . 
 he had a pipe in his mouth and stroked his grey long beard . 
 `` yorin ! 
 you are alive ? '' 
 auron flabbergasted . 
 he was convinced everyone was dead . 
 `` how did you survive , you old coot ? '' 
 he ran and gave him the geezer a tight hug that made the old man 's bones crack . 
 `` now , now , let me go . 
 i only have so much strength in these old bones , '' yorin said . 
 `` we have been waiting for your arrival . '' 
 `` we ? '' 
 auron repeated raising his eye brows . 
 `` yes , ` we ' the people of the village . 
 well , what is left of us at least ? '' 
 the old man frowned . 
 he blew a ring of smoke as he pondered . 
 the old man was tired . 
 `` people have many questions for you , auron . 
 our village can not go through this hardship again if we are to remain a community , '' yorin lectured . 
 `` let this be an experience we never forget . 
 something that will make us stronger in the long term . 
 we need to build an army for this village . 
 a force to defend our home and guarantee survival for next time this happen . 
 we need more mages and warriors in parteh famo . '' 
 `` i was so focused in perfection and peace , i had forgotten about defense , '' auron confessed . 
 `` i was sure that the barrier we built was able to keep anyone from the outside world out of the village . 
 i was overly confident in my ability to protect the village . 
 by terramus , sir yorin , let us train more of our people in the mystic arts . '' 
 yorin smoked and blew a cloud . 
 `` good , good , my good man . 
 our dream of the perfect community has not yet faded , '' yorin motivated . 
 `` the fact that you are still alive is a good sign from terramus . 
 the earth dragon god means life and stability . 
 this has happened for a reason . '' 
 yorin then removed his brown cap and held it to his heart . 
 `` let us pray for those who did not make it . 
 the innocent lives of parteh famo village . 
 those who fell by king richard 's army . 
 they might be gone , but their souls will haunt our hearts . '' 
 yorin placed the brown cap back on his head and faced auron with a taller posture . 
 `` come , auron fox . 
 let 's go see everyone . '' 
 `` it is such a relief to hear that there are people alive . 
 a true blessing . 
 where are they ? '' 
 `` by the well , with that long hair man who rides a silver dragon . '' 
 yorin pointed down the path . 
 auron raced down in the pointed direction leaving the old man by the hut . 
 he ran in hopes of seeing the band of the fox . 
 last time he saw them , they were unconscious with only genie standing amongst them . 
 they must have struggled greatly without me there . 
 a new beginning for all of us . 
 we shall rebuild the village from the ground up . 
 i will build a school and train my people to become mages and warriors . 
 we might even have to relocate since king richard knows of our whereabouts . 
 no . 
 he is dead now . 
 but wait . 
 whoever is next on the throne will know of my village . 
 yes , we will have to relocate . 
 hear me dragon gods . 
 i have atoned for my sins with the blood of my people as well as my own . 
 my days as a mercenary are over . 
 a new path lies ahead . 
 he ran down to the well , excited and anxious to see them again . 
 it had been nearly four days since he was forced away from his band members and his people . 
 as he got closer , he saw them gathering around the well and by akielas ' silver dragon . 
 master akielas . 
 how would he face him now after what he had done to him back in amaranth island ? 
 akielas was conversing with people and using illumancy to heal them . 
 `` it 's him ! '' 
 yelled an elderly woman . 
 `` he is alive ! 
 sir auron is alive . '' 
 the villagers turned their attention to auron as he paced towards them with a wide smile . 
 children in brown and green tunics ran for an embrace . 
 friends whom he gambled and drank with ran to hug him . 
 `` sir auron ! 
 sir auron ! '' 
 they yelled . 
 tears streamed down their cheeks . 
 `` we missed , you sir auron . '' 
 one by one he hugged them . 
 `` so good to see you all , '' auron said blissfully . 
 the women of the village embraced him and kissed his hand . 
 beautiful women in long green and white dresses . 
 two hundred gathered around him like bees to their hives . 
 there were n't many but they were the flames that remained . 
 then akielas approached him , moving through the crowd . 
 his master was smiling with the rest of the villagers . 
 auron frowned remembering what he had done to his master . 
 `` welcome home , fox , '' akielas said . 
 `` what brought you here ? '' 
 auron asked without hesitation . 
 the villagers began to open a path for akielas . 
 `` what brought me ? '' 
 akielas repeated . 
 `` i am here to help the people of my son 's village . 
 you are going to need all the help you can get , my dear pupil . '' 
 `` you are too kind , '' auron said lowly . 
 `` master ... i am sorry about ... '' `` no . 
 that is fine , '' akielas interrupted . 
 `` you were right to stop me . 
 i only wanted to protect you , but you did just fine without me . '' 
 the teacher and student smiled at each other knowing that all their hardships of their past was behind them . 
 whatever menace that was to come ; they would face it together . 
 `` your friends are waiting for you . 
 i shall be here for a few days to help and heal the wounded . 
 we will have plenty of time to talk . '' 
 `` as you wish , '' auron replied . 
 he turned his attention to the villagers who crowded him . 
 eyes of sorrow stared at him ; they waited for their leader to speak . 
 they waited to hear how he would bring salvation and peace to them . 
 they need not say anything . 
 auron felt their pain . 
 their pain was his . 
 men , women and children . 
 he watched as akielas placed his hand glowing with white light on a young woman 's forehead . 
 the people were praying . 
 auron smiled when he saw the children on top of akielas ' silver dragon , then gazed up at the clouds . 
 he took a deep breath and said , `` everyone , this is all my fault . 
 as the founder of this village , i take the blame and responsibility for the destruction of parteh famo . '' 
 he paused and then glanced at akielas healing a wounded man . 
 he looked back at the faces of the villagers who surrounded him . 
 `` my job as a mercenary has come to an end . 
 i will no longer spill blood for coin . 
 my occupation has caused deadly karma , not just on me , but on the village that we spent years to create . 
 more than half of the money the village made was through my mercenary work and so the status of the band of the fox attracted enemies and rivals that aimed to attack those who are close to me . 
 i am guilty for the suffering of our people . 
 we must find a new way to fund our village . 
 also , we must relocate ; for i fear king richard 's forces will return to hunt us down . 
 we must prepare ourselves for the hardships that are to come . 
 we must prepare our people so that the next time the outside world decides to invade us , we will be able to defend our loved ones . '' 
 `` you are not planning on doing it alone , are you , auron ? '' 
 auron heard a voice with a cocky tone within the crowd . 
 he knew immediately who it was . 
 `` oseth ? '' 
 `` who else would dare speak to you like i do ? '' 
 oseth emerged from between the villagers . 
 he wore a grey tunic with his twin swords on his back . 
 `` it is my fault , too . 
 as part of the band of the fox , i am also held responsible for the events that caused our suffering . '' 
 `` so am i , '' another voice came from the crowd . 
 this time of a young woman . 
 genie emerged with her spear at hand , wearing a blue tunic and black leggings . 
 `` just because you are the founder does not mean you have to take on the burden yourself . 
 this is our family . 
 parteh famo is the house in which we live . '' 
 genie went over and embraced auron , tightly around his ribcage . 
 oseth just stood with his arms crossed . 
 `` hot head . 
 come over here , '' auron beckoned oseth . 
 the boy turned his cheek and then someone pushed him , forcing him to fall into auron 's arms with genie . 
 `` this will only make us stronger , '' edd said coming from the crowd of villagers . 
 `` did you have to push me ? 
 meat head ! '' 
 oseth snarled . 
 then someone jabbed his shoulder . 
 `` you are not getting away with that , saron . '' 
 `` i think that i will , '' saron disagreed . 
 `` now , now , everyone , settle down , '' auron said . 
 he missed the sound of them always bickering . 
 he missed oseth 's angry face and his short temper . 
 he missed the faces of the villagers . 
 he embraced his team . 
 `` with this family , we will build a new village and become not just a better community , but also an army . '' 
 `` what about your family ? '' 
 auron heard his wife , lorena . 
 he saw her standing amongst the villagers carrying his daughter , hanna . 
 he embraced her and caressed her cheek and gently kissed his daughter 's forehead . 
 `` to my family , i will lie no more , '' he told lorena and those words put a smile on her face . 
 `` it is time i tell everyone the truth . 
 no more lies . 
 i am tire of changing faces . '' 
 from that point on , auron told the truth to his wife and the band of the fox . 
 he told them about his visit to ironside city and his origins with the amaranth tribe . 
 he told them about growing up with akielas and how he became a magus . 
 he told his wife about his occupation as a mercenary and the bloody jobs he did for gold to raise money for his village . 
 ********** two days had passed since auron returned to the village . 
 for two days , they burned the bodies of the dead . 
 auron knew that sooner or later , king richard 's army would return . 
 although richard died , the next sainos in line for the throne would show no mercy . 
 he was afraid and wanted to move as soon as possible with as much supplies as the people could carry , but he still did not know where to go . 
 a placed where they could build new houses , raise children , farm and train their people in the mystic arts as well as swordplay . 
 that second day , akielas was ready to depart . 
 auron saw akielas by the well , adjusting the saddle on the silver dragon 's back . 
 auron had a few things to ask before his old master left . 
 `` master akielas ! '' 
 he called . 
 akielas spun and faced auron . 
 `` oh i was just about to leave . 
 you have any words before my departure ? '' 
 `` yes , i do , '' auron said . 
 `` in fact i have a request . 
 sir akielas , i need you to help me find a new land . 
 perhaps it is too much to ask but it is all i need . 
 i know you have traveled far and wide . 
 you must know of good lands where i can build a new village . 
 help me find secure lands for my people , sir akielas . 
 i have never asked you for much until now . 
 i beg you , my dear teacher . 
 help me . '' 
 akielas smiled at auron , like someone who was hiding something . 
 akielas leaned on the side of his dragon as the beast rested . 
 he rubbed his chin and stared at auron . 
 `` sir akielas , answer me . '' 
 `` what makes you think i will say no , my dear red head ? '' 
 akielas padded auron 's shoulder . 
 `` i have shown you many things , but i have never taken you to the islands of el nido , have i ? '' 
 el nido . 
 auron had heard that name before . 
 `` ember had spoken about such a place . 
 are you sure it is safe ? '' 
 `` el nido is more than a safe place . 
 it is a sanctuary . 
 uncharted and hidden from the rest of the world . 
 only a chosen few can bring their people over to those islands , '' akielas explained . 
 `` i will take you there , but i must warn you . 
 once i take you to el nido , your people will not be able to return back to this country . 
 do you understand , auron ? '' 
 `` yes sir . 
 i will let them know and i trust your word , '' `` very well then , '' akielas said . 
 `` tomorrow , we go to el nido . 
 get everyone ready . '' 
 `` yes sir and one more question , master akielas , '' auron urged . 
 `` go ahead . '' 
 `` why did n't you finish ember ? 
 we both know that she is a great threat and she still possesses the crimson cosmo jewel . '' 
 `` yes , you are right . 
 i do intend to find her . 
 when i fought her , she had slipped away . 
 she disappeared but she wo n't be able to hide forever . 
 as for the crimson cosmo jewel , we do not need to worry too much because she wo n't be able to use it unless she knows the amaranth language , '' akielas said . 
 `` splendid , '' auron sighed . 
 `` so unless she speaks my native tongue she can not activate the power of the jewel . 
 that is a relief although i do n't know exactly what powers that jewel possess . '' 
 `` i do n't truly know what powers a person can gain with the crimson cosmo jewels , but according to ironside 's historians , it is supposed to be a fragment of the fire dragon god 's power , '' akielas explained . 
 `` i see , '' auron rubbed his chin . 
 `` in that case , master akielas , i would like to join your allegiance and help you defeat this evil . '' 
 akielas smiled and looked at auron . 
 `` so we are a team again . '' 
 a note from a.j. martinez i wrote scarlet quest as a way to commence the creation of odealeous . 
 a fantasy world that i have been working on for years . 
 since i was in the seventh grade , i always wanted to tell stories . 
 i love elves , dragons , warriors , magic and pretty much anything that does n't exist . 
 i think it began when i started playing prg games like final fantasy , kingdom hearts and watching anime . 
 you have not seen the last of auron fox and akielas . 
 scarlet quest was but a small window to see into the world of odealeous . 
 in the upcoming novels , more countries , races and magic will unfold . 
 i recommend you sign up for my mailing list to get notifications of my book releases . 
 go to http://ajmartinezauthor.com/mailing-list i hope that you enjoy scarlet quest . 
 auron fox was a fun character to create . 
 auron will be making appearances in my other novels if you want to follow him . 
 i probably wo n't be able to write a novel as good as game of thrones , but heck , i can try . 
 not only that but i am greatly influence by japanese anime . 
 perhaps you 've notice in my writing . 
 my wish is to keep you entertained as a reader and that somehow my stories have touched or inspired you . 
 thank you for reading , dudes , do n't forget to post a review of this book on smashwords or where ever you bought it from . 
 also check out other books fall of a demigod the ungifted elf rift of chaos -lrb- coming 2015 -rrb- 
