 mageborn by michael deangelo copyright 2014 michael deangelo smashwords edition this ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only . 
 this ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people . 
 if you would like to share this book with another person , please purchase an additional copy for each recipient . 
 if you 're reading this book and did not purchase it , or it was not purchased for your use only , then please return tosmashwords.com and purchase your own copy . 
 thank you for respecting the hard work of this author . 
 mageborn is a work of fiction . 
 names , characters , places , and events are fictitious . 
 any resemblance to persons , living or dead , locations , or events is entirely coincidental . 
 copyright © 2014 by michael deangelo www.tellest.com chapter one : introductions the bluebird sang upon the stone windowsill , mere inches away from the jars of ancient substances . 
 looking at the nearby dried roots , it would quickly hop toward them and then abruptly back away . 
 after each cycle , it would tweet its song as though it was trying to remain discreet . 
 a sweet-smelling spring breeze turned a page in the large nearby tome , and the small creature hunched low , considering a hasty flight . 
 the man who sat at the desk began to whistle . 
 his song seemed to soothe the bird -- perhaps because it was identical to the earlier tune . 
 gaston camlann was known for such precise observations . 
 he was a man of great renown , gifted in many arts , both ancient and modern . 
 it was a wonder at all that he was able to excel at so many things . 
 he was , after all , human . 
 they did n't live forever . 
 the wizard , who fancied himself more a scholar , was beginning to show his age . 
 his once attractive features had been replaced with wrinkles and rosy cheeks . 
 he wore a long , dark grey beard and moustache to hide most of his weathered face . 
 long , wavy locks had been stricken a little brighter by the sun , nearing the color of snow . 
 he hid that indicator of his age underneath a wide green hat . 
 as he whistled a second verse to his winged companion , a series of knocks upon the door played the percussion in their song . 
 gaston was so engrossed in his studies that he was ill-suited to notice , even when the rapping on the door grew louder and more frequent . 
 more aware than the sage , the bluebird hopped off of its stone pedestal , diving into the northern wilderness . 
 gaston , shaken from his task by that sight , chortled to himself . 
 how easily homer has trained me , he thought , recalling how often the bird returned to him . 
 another series of knocks on the door had his full attention then . 
 `` yes , come in , '' he pleasantly permitted . 
 the sturdy slab of elm slid open , and a well-dressed man walked in , his polished boots tapping across the floor . 
 to his left , a lazy feline laid peacefully , its tail floating to and fro as the visitor entered . 
 after removing his leather glove , the man reached out , petting the cat on its side . 
 rolling over , the feline gleefully accepted the attention . 
 gaston placed his quill down and turned to acknowledge his guest 's arrival . 
 `` ah , edric , '' the sage said , standing quickly and slamming his legs into the desk . 
 he winced but worked at ignoring the pain . 
 `` it 's been some time . '' 
 preoccupied with the animal , it almost seemed that edric would not find the focus to reply . 
 the black cat had wrapped its arms around the man 's wrist and was contentedly licking his knuckles . 
 `` that it has , my friends , '' the visitor finally said , giving a quick , rough little scratch to the cat 's belly before retrieving his hand . 
 `` and what brings you to my dusty old closet on this beautiful day ? 
 it 's not often that a white knight of gardone visits a meager hamlet like forsynthia . '' 
 `` forsynthia is anything but meager , and i believe it has evolved from a hamlet some time ago . 
 also , my time in a white cloak has long passed . '' 
 a smile crossed gaston 's face . 
 `` just as always , you focus on the corrections while you ignore the questions . '' 
 `` anything to gain a few extra moments to speak with an old friend , '' edric said . 
 `` one of jonathan 's birds came through . 
 apparently , your pupil had just arrived at the toll road . 
 i do n't think she 'll arrive too long after i did . '' 
 `` and depending on the driver , the poor girl will be arriving without a coin in her pocket . 
 what a foolish idea those roads were . '' 
 edric paused , considering how to react . 
 a moment later , he was shaking his head while smiling . 
 `` you know the countryside better than most , gaston . 
 between the beasts and the brigands , all of daltain is a dangerous place . 
 but with paid patrols on watch ... well , you know what lord kerrigan says . 
 good roads b -- '' `` build a better country , yes , '' the old sage finished . 
 `` and there 's quite a bit of wisdom there too . 
 far more than this wizened old wizard cares to admit often , anyway . 
 and i 'm sure those pampered , spoon-fed princes from sungarden were happy to keep the hands out of their pockets . 
 `` ah , but i 'm rambling again , '' gaston said . 
 `` are you staying for some time ? 
 can i offer you some tea ? '' 
 a weak frown could just barely be seen upon the retired knight 's face . 
 `` alas , my friend , i have n't come to forsynthia just for reprieve . 
 i 'm moving a caravan of weapons up to the basalt flats . 
 lydick should be awaiting me in the armory if he 's been properly advised of my arrival . '' 
 gaston nodded . 
 `` always too short , these visits . 
 no matter . 
 it will give me some time to stretch these old legs in preparation to meet the young lady . '' 
 `` and i 'm sure there are a great many surprises you have prepared for this one , '' edric mused . 
 `` i 'm staying in forsynthia for the night . 
 if my task is kind to me , perhaps we can meet for the tea later this evening . '' 
 `` i should like that very much . '' 
 following a polite bow , edric turned and began out of the room . 
 he stopped beside the black cat and gingerly scratched beneath its chin . 
 `` farewell , merlin , '' the retired knight said . 
 `` keep your master from falling too deeply into those tomes of his . '' 
 once edric had gone from the room , gaston turned to his pet , glee etched upon his face . 
 `` worry not , my old furry friend . 
 you 'll have a new companion to play with . 
 there will be time for books later . '' 
 merlin let out a contented meow but remained on his side , even as his master stepped clear of the door and drew it mostly closed . 
 the young lady had stuck her head out of the carriage for most of the journey . 
 as the massive gates of forsynthia parted , she considered that she had never traveled farther south . 
 those thoughts quickly passed as the vehicle rolled into the town . 
 although it had once been merely a fort for daltainian soldiers , it had grown to serve as one of the jewels of the country . 
 despite its rapid rise , it still preserved much of its rural origins . 
 when she had passed through the town 's gates , the young lady realized the entryway was merely for show . 
 there were no walls beyond that point , though a border of trees provided a sense of forsynthia 's boundaries . 
 she swept a strand of blond hair out of her eyes . 
 her focus shifted to the large keep at the center of the town . 
 other buildings surrounded that one , varying in their distances . 
 still , the place did n't seem stripped of country . 
 trees provided shade and natural gaps between homes and stores . 
 gardens seemed to wind and intersect in beautiful arrangements . 
 the young lady could n't help but be enamored by the sights . 
 before she realized it , the carriage had stopped just several hundred feet from the keep . 
 `` we 've arrived , miss , '' the driver called out . 
 blowing out a sigh , the young lady opened the door and stepped from the carriage . 
 a small breeze swept the bottom layers of her blue dress aside for a moment before she felt steady on her feet again . 
 approaching the driver , she held out her hand . 
 `` thank you for taking care of the toll for me . 
 i had no idea you had to pay to use a road in this country . '' 
 he reached out , accepting her offer . 
 when he saw the shining pieces of silver in his palm , he began shaking his head . 
 `` no , miss . 
 i ca n't take this from a child . '' 
 `` it 's yours , '' she said , sounding much more assertive and wise than her age imparted . 
 `` i get the feeling that over the next few months i wo n't get many opportunities to use money . '' 
 slowly , he nodded , accepting her offer . 
 `` i do hope you find what you 're looking for . 
 if the rumors are true , you 'll go far in life . 
 master camlann could be no better teacher . 
 if you 're ever in viscosa again , i 'll make sure you 're looked after . '' 
 `` thank you , francois . '' 
 nodding once again , he clicked his tongue and snapped the reins . 
 his pair of horses began forward . 
 the young lady turned around , looking at the long gardens that led to the keep . 
 sighing yet again , she proceeded forward . 
 wildflowers filled the air with a lovely spring aroma . 
 forsynthia seemed brighter than most cities , as if the grass itself was somehow warmer . 
 paths twisted and turned , spiraling back within themselves in confusing notions . 
 more than once , the young lady was forced to backtrack , finding herself lost at a dead end . 
 it could not be helped . 
 besides the gorgeous flowers , exquisite topiary animals had been placed in the gardens . 
 she could not prevent herself from being drawn in by the distractions . 
 `` they are beautiful , are they not ? '' 
 her body had gone slightly rigid at the sound of the unexpected voice . 
 she had to fight back against all of her instincts , knowing that violence would likely be unforgivable . 
 `` captivating , '' she said as she turned to address the sudden stranger . 
 `` you must be miss kreegan , '' the man said , bowing slightly , for his old bones might not have allowed him to bend much farther . 
 `` adelia , '' she confirmed . 
 `` of course , '' he replied . 
 `` welcome to our quaint town . 
 i am gaston camlann . '' 
 she extended her hand . 
 `` you are well met , sir . 
 and truly , this place is greater than i could have imagined . '' 
 `` i find that hard to believe , considering your stay in viscosa . '' 
 she grinned at the mention of the capital city of raleigh . 
 `` it was a magnificent place , to be sure . 
 i rarely saw any of the more impressive sights . '' 
 `` ah yes . 
 due to your time spent among the ... would you care to walk with me back to the keep ? '' 
 with a slight nod , she fell into place beside the old sage . 
 he knew the way better than her , yet he still seemed to weave a path in odd directions . 
 `` my time was spent among the streets , '' adelia said . 
 `` i did n't know anyone in the city when i arrived , so for the first few weeks , i hid in an alley , almost in the trash . '' 
 `` curious , '' he said . 
 as she passed an inquisitive gaze his way , he continued . 
 `` you seem a bright young lady , not at all as naïve as most your age . 
 you 're soft on the eyes as well . 
 one would think you could have easily found an employer at an inn or a tavern that would have bartered a sleeping arrangement for you . '' 
 `` perhaps , '' she said . 
 `` but i did n't want to throw myself into a situation out of any undue necessity . 
 a few nights in the streets ... well that 's just like camping . '' 
 `` well put , '' the sage offered with a smile . 
 he stopped , urging the young lady to do the same . 
 `` i must ask you , adelia . 
 why do you want to be a mage ? '' 
 she pondered the question for a few moments before grasping her shoulder , shrugging . 
 `` i do n't know , '' she said . 
 `` the people who found me using magic seemed to think i was special . '' 
 `` ah , and that you are , child . 
 but magic is special too . 
 there are a wide variety of them out there , and some will require much of your time . 
 that is the difference between a trick , '' he said , producing a bouquet of flowers from behind his back , `` and the arcane arts themselves . '' 
 as he finished his statement , the topiary animals behind him almost seemed to move . 
 all at once , flowers bloomed upon the hedges . 
 adelia 's eyes brightened to behold them . 
 `` i would choose not to waste either of our time , adelia , '' the old wizard asserted . 
 `` is this something you truly wish to pursue ? '' 
 without hesitation , the young lady nodded . 
 `` excellent , '' he said , guiding his hand behind her back . 
 they began toward the keep once more . 
 `` i had already invested quite a bit of time in studying up on you , you see . 
 i 'm truly sorry about your parents . '' 
 `` how did you ... '' she began to say . 
 recalling who she was in the presence of , adelia let the words trail off . 
 `` i know much about you , child . 
 perhaps more than you do . 
 how well aware are you of your ancestors ? '' 
 she shrugged again . 
 `` i never knew any of my grandparents . 
 they had all passed away before i was born . '' 
 `` and your father told you nothing of them ? '' 
 he hummed to himself but nodded . 
 `` most likely for the best . 
 you see , balthaszar kreegan , much like yourself , displayed some level of arcane acuity . 
 and , much like you , his first spell was that of a ... frigid nature . 
 `` anyone has the propensity to study magic , '' he explained , `` to learn the arcane arts -- to bend and shape reality . 
 there are very few who present such a gift without ever having turned a page on the subject matter . 
 you are a curious case but so , too , was balthaszar . 
 `` you are here to study the elements of sorcery , '' gaston asserted . 
 `` you must know that i will be studying you just as intently . '' 
 they had reached the entrance of the keep . 
 a stone walkway led beneath a drawn portcullis and through a pair of grand opened doors . 
 `` i wish i could promise to be interesting , '' adelia said . 
 `` i fear i may make a boring subject . '' 
 inside the courtyard , several people were busy with their daily routines . 
 gaston did n't give her much time to dawdle . 
 he guided her to a flight of stone steps toward the second level of the keep . 
 `` you would be surprised , young lady . 
 while a wizard 's studies are never truly over , we begin to sway from the arcane slightly in our old age . 
 we begin to ... specialize in a particular field of normal study . 
 i know a fellow up north who studies dragons . 
 he actually coined a name for himself -- a dracosage . 
 `` at one point in my travels , '' he continued as he led her up a flight of wooden stairs , `` i met a man who searched the world for various magical artifacts . 
 i 've even run across a gnomish alchemist that sampled hundreds of different water sources across tellest . '' 
 `` and what about you ? '' 
 adelia asked . 
 `` what is your specialty ? '' 
 the pair stopped just in front of a slightly opened door . 
 with a grin , the sage turned to his young pupil . 
 `` i prefer to see what makes people tick . 
 every one of us is different , and some are much more peculiar than the rest . 
 you may consider yourself dull , but i assure you , i will learn as much from you as you do from me . 
 `` now , this room will be yours for the duration of your time spent in forsynthia . 
 after long days of studying through tomes , attempting new spells , and collecting reagents , you 'll find this place very endearing . '' 
 `` thank you , master camlann , '' adelia said . 
 `` you 've been very hospitable . '' 
 `` just gaston will do , '' the sage said , opening the way for the young lady . 
 she took a single step inside but froze when she saw the black beast upon her bed . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 the sage asked . 
 upon receiving no response , he stepped into the room . 
 a wide grin crawled upon his face . 
 `` i see you 've met merlin . '' 
 `` you know it ? '' 
 she asked before shaking her head . 
 `` of course you know it . '' 
 `` now this is the kind of human element that interests me , '' gaston said . 
 `` why such a fear of a small cat ? '' 
 blowing out a large sigh , she steadied herself . 
 `` when i was a little girl , i had an ... experience . '' 
 `` no matter , '' the sage said . 
 `` it 's perfectly understandable to be a little apprehensive of them . 
 they did , after all , descend from dragons . '' 
 she stared at him quizzically . 
 `` i ca n't tell if you 're having a laugh at my expense . '' 
 `` absolutely not , '' gaston asserted . 
 `` once , all of tellest was overrun by dragons . 
 they were the fourth race that the gods created -- after men , dwarves and elves . 
 in the beginning , all of them were friendly and worked in harmony with us . 
 but we grew fearful . 
 `` legend has it , '' the sage said , `` that an elven wizard named sarisla found the means to transmogrify creatures . 
 one day , he approached the largest , meanest looking dragon and ensnared her with a lovely song . 
 while she was captivated , he set his magic loose on her . 
 `` before she knew it , she had shrunk down to a fragment of her size . 
 scales had given way to fur . 
 horns shifted and stretched until they sufficed as whiskers . 
 she was with a litter , but of course , all the young inside her had transformed too . '' 
 `` so sarisla had created a brand new race , '' adelia mused . 
 `` consider it , '' gaston said . 
 `` cats have dragons ' eyes . 
 they can fall from up high as if they 're almost flying . 
 there 's even , supposedly , a group of kaja in the south seas who apparently learned how to breathe fire once more . '' 
 merlin meowed , as if giving credit to the story . 
 `` of course , it would also explain some of the caution that felines prefer with us . 
 perhaps it 's a good idea that you give this terrifying beast a wide berth , '' he said , winking indiscriminately somewhere between the cat and the young lady . 
 `` come , merlin . 
 let us give miss kreegan some solitude . 
 i 'm sure she must be quite exhausted after her long journey . '' 
 the slender black cat did as instructed , hopping off of the bed . 
 before it left the room , however , it rubbed against adelia 's leg . 
 she quietly sighed as it continued into the hall . 
 `` rest easy , child , '' the sage offered . 
 `` tomorrow is an important day . 
 it marks the beginnings of your studies . 
 today ends the quiet life of the country girl . 
 tomorrow ... tomorrow you become initiated in the arts . 
 you 'll be one of the greatest witches this world has ever seen . 
 `` in the meantime , '' he said , `` feel free to explore forsynthia a bit . 
 if you manage to get lost , the people are incredibly kind . 
 if you need me directly , i 'm the last door on the right . '' 
 adelia nodded . 
 `` thank you , sir . '' 
 with a smile , he shut the door behind him . 
 the young lady was left alone to ponder her decision . 
 chapter two : alchemy the sun cast a haze over forsynthia , and as its beautiful glow landed upon the wildflowers , it seemed to spread their sweet fragrance throughout the city . 
 adelia sat alone on an atoll far from the keep . 
 she had woken up some time before -- a habit she was pleased with . 
 still , the young lady was surprised to see a letter slipped beneath her door . 
 a little shaken by its appearance , she had fled from the keep into the open area of the city . 
 there was once a time when the slightest noise outside of her door would wake her . 
 she cursed that she so easily grew comfortable in her warm new bed . 
 safely nestled between fields of flowers and hedge guardians , adelia had ventured to read the letter . 
 she had shaken her head , for it was merely gaston 's formal invitation to her first lesson that morning . 
 still , long after reading it , she had not budged . 
 when that golden aura touched the grey keep however , she knew it was time to go . 
 with urgency , she made her way back . 
 no longer a stranger to the gardens , she effortlessly chose the correct paths . 
 the portcullis was still drawn , as it had been when she had left in the early morning . 
 she did n't realize , as she tenuously passed beneath it , her muscles going taut . 
 not much of her attention remained there . 
 she hurried to the second floor of the keep and quickly yet quietly made her way to the end of the hall . 
 a conversation was already in progress behind the door . 
 `` are you sure that 's what 's causing it ? '' 
 an unfamiliar voice asked . 
 the sound of someone loudly sipping on a morning beverage could be heard . 
 adelia breathed deeply and could smell the tangy aroma of the tea . 
 `` i 'm willing to stake my claim , yes , '' gaston replied . 
 `` the last time we knew of someone with ancestral recall was more than thirty years ago , '' the other man said . 
 `` yes , but this is the first time we know of that a mage is showing the signs . 
 you can understand my intrigue . '' 
 `` you almost seem excited about the prospect . '' 
 `` well , it certainly makes my job ... easier . 
 after all , the girl -- '' adelia knocked on the door , and the conversation immediately halted . 
 `` come in , '' the sage called out . 
 after hearing the sudden quiet , the young lady tenuously opened the door . 
 the morning light poured through the open window , casting down upon the two men seated just beyond the desk . 
 adelia was familiar with one , the sage . 
 the other remained somewhat of a mystery . 
 he was well kept , wearing shining polished leather . 
 he seemed almost not to notice her . 
 she was n't focused long enough to be offended . 
 she felt the presence of something else in the room as well . 
 something dark and sinister had its eyes locked on her . 
 turning slowly , she nearly missed the large , yellow eyes peering at her . 
 with a gasp , adelia leapt away , summoning and flinging a spear of ice at the creature without hesitation . 
 gaston stood quickly and thrust out his arm . 
 the missile collided into an invisible shield just in front of a row of vials . 
 a thousand flecks of frost exploded into the air before expiring . 
 merlin cautiously sat upon his haunches , as if unaware of the fright he had given the poor girl . 
 he offered a single meow as consolation . 
 `` well , she 's a skittish one , is n't she ? '' 
 the stranger said , his voice dripping with dissatisfaction . 
 after a brief silence , adelia 's jaw dropped . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' she said . 
 the silence persisted for some time afterward . 
 then , despite the tension in the room , gaston snorted as he struggled not to laugh . 
 `` worry not , young lady , '' the sage offered . 
 `` i may be old , but my reflexes are much better than you 'd think . 
 you 've got a long way to go before you 're quicker than me at slinging spells . '' 
 she bowed her head in defeat , as if even that comment was meant to disarm her . 
 edric 's cup landed upon the desk , and he stood , groaning as he did . 
 `` it 's best i set out , '' he said . 
 `` would n't want to be around the next time an errant snowball is let loose . '' 
 `` in time , this one will sparkle like a diamond , '' gaston assured . 
 he extended his arm . 
 returning the gesture , edric nodded . 
 `` aye . 
 for now , though , she 's still yet a lump of coal . '' 
 the mercenary passed by the young lady , who found she could not make eye contact . 
 `` chin up , girl , '' edric said . 
 `` merlin does n't hold a grudge . '' 
 he reached out and patted the cat upon its head before exiting the room . 
 adelia turned fully to gaston . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' she said again . 
 he was already shaking his head . 
 `` when a wizard takes on an apprentice , they are aware of certain ... risks . 
 it 's nothing i ca n't handle . 
 you 'll grow into your magic and sense when to use it . 
 `` we have some behavior we need to break you of , '' he continued . 
 `` there is a fear in you that will be more detrimental to you than it needs to be . 
 in time , you 'll understand when it is best to cast a spell and when it is best to give pause . '' 
 she nodded , woefully accepting the good advice as a punishing lecture . 
 `` worry not , young lady , '' gaston more forcefully asserted . 
 `` no harm was done , and as edric pointed out , the cat holds no grudges . '' 
 the sage gestured with his eyes toward her feet . 
 when adelia looked down , she saw merlin there , walking figure eights against her legs . 
 the young lady breathed deeply , accepting the cat 's attention . 
 `` water under the bridge , '' gaston said . 
 `` in any case , you can ruminate on your near feline-icide later . 
 it 's time for your first lesson . 
 `` you 've already been provided with your own room , '' the sage continued . 
 `` what you do in there is your own business . 
 in here , your safety falls to me . 
 as such , i 've provided you with your own workstation . '' 
 he looked to the corner of the room , where a desk much like his own was fashioned . 
 tomes lined the wall , colorful and eye-catching . 
 empty vials were neatly arranged on the left side of the desk , while filled jars -- some containing very odd looking contents -- were placed in a row on the opposite side . 
 in the center of the desk , a stone rod and bowl were set , old and weathered and appearing as if ready to break at any moment . 
 `` do you recognize those tools ? '' 
 the sage asked . 
 adelia shook her head , inciting a smile from the old wizard . 
 `` few would . 
 they are rarely used , mostly by clerics , some very dedicated chefs , and of course , practitioners of the arcane arts . 
 they are the mortar and pestle , akin to what your mother would stir your morning porridge with . 
 `` here , in this room , you will use them on various reagents . 
 alchemy is an art often forgotten and shunned by many casters . 
 it requires some level of humility , i suppose , for few wizards would prefer to be seen falling back on a potion to save their lives . '' 
 gaston walked to adelia 's desk and pulled one of the tomes from the raised shelf against the wall . 
 he placed it down beside the stone bowl and opened it . 
 he guided his apprentice near , and both began looking through the weathered pages . 
 `` what those fools openly admit , '' the sage began again , `` is that they 'd rather be a smear on the ground beneath a giant 's boot than alive with a bitter taste in their mouths . 
 adelia , when i tell you this , i pray you believe me . 
 the greatest sorcerers were undone by their own hubris . 
 magic is not without its flaws , and it will not always save you . '' 
 the young lady nodded in understanding . 
 `` as you look through this book , you 'll see dozens of recipes for potions , salves , and even poisons . 
 many of them are difficult to concoct and can even be dangerous . 
 with practice , though , you could become a great alchemist . 
 `` read what you can , '' he said , `` and attempt to craft the potions that seem easiest . 
 many ingredients are available to you . 
 i know they can be a little difficult to identify , so i 've labeled the containers for you . 
 if you have any questions for me , i 'll be at my desk , scribbling away at some old tome i 've no business writing . '' 
 the sage lightly pat his pupil on the back , but he stepped away mere moments later . 
 a powerful yet quiet sigh shook adelia as she pulled the chair from the desk and sank into it . 
 shaking her head , a golden lock of hair dangled in front of her blue eyes . 
 she swept it aside , focusing on the massive book in front of her . 
 adelia turned through several of the pages but neglected to find anything she thought she might be skilled enough to try . 
 dejected , she more carefully perused the contents , focusing on more than just the titles of each page and the length of their passages . 
 each entry seemed diligently written , inscribed with grace and poise , never rushed . 
 adelia wondered if perhaps it was her teacher that had filled the tome . 
 the apprentice firmly shut her eyes then , reminding herself of the task at hand . 
 she turned several more pages , until her vision settled upon a specific concoction . 
 `` the mage 's mark , '' she whispered . 
 as she read on , adelia learned that the mixture had the ability to invisibly identify an object if it was exposed to it . 
 a secondary potion or a magic spell could activate the wizard 's mark , allowing others -- or the wizard alone , if he was skilled enough -- to see the object through darkness and fog . 
 the young lady had heard of an effect like that before . 
 the elves were said to illuminate their prey with faerie fire . 
 if a mage could somehow harness that power , they would be a force to be reckoned with . 
 nodding , adelia committed to her task . 
 she scrutinized the entry , reading up on the ingredients . 
 the concoction called for natural reagents like dragonwort and silvercloak . 
 all of the herbs required were readily available on her desk . 
 she went to it immediately , setting aside the jars she needed . 
 removing their lids , the pungent aroma of each item was unsettling . 
 the young apprentice shrugged that combined odor away and dumped the dragonwort into the bowl . 
 only a short while later , adelia finished up with the final ingredient . 
 the silvercloak was a resilient , mossy substance , and the pestle was only barely beginning to crush it . 
 beside the bowl , the other items had been mashed into pastes or liquids . 
 her arm grew sore , but she managed to pulp the silvercloak and poured its remnants into an empty vial . 
 turning her attention back to the tome , she read the final steps of preparation . 
 `` once all the ingredients are mixed together , they will form a liquid that appears to be water . 
 if the concoction is poured onto an object , it can be activated later and will glow with a bluish-grey tint . '' 
 content with the directions , adelia gathered a larger flask and poured the contents of each vial into it . 
 combined , the mixture began to bubble . 
 the apprentice 's eyes went wide in anticipation . 
 rather than turning clear , however , the concoction took a green hue . 
 it thickened in mere moments , and adelia 's brow furled . 
 she tried to pour her failed mixture into a large glass bowl at the edge of the table . 
 like slime , the concoction oozed out of the flask , emerging with a sickening slurp . 
 it slapped into the bowl , jiggling for some time once it landed . 
 adelia sighed and shook her head . 
 glancing over her shoulder , she peered at her mentor . 
 gaston was oblivious to her failure , whistling nonsensically to a bluebird that had perched upon his windowsill . 
 the young lady spun back toward her desk and pushed the bowl of slime away . 
 she turned her attention to the book once more , flipping through the pages until she happened upon another simple potion . 
 `` fire resistance , '' she said , wincing as she recalled her painful past . 
 the concoction called for a selection of easily identifiable ingredients , such as thistlebark and sunfoil . 
 it required very little mixing yet , ironically , needed an open flame to melt the herbs and distill the useless parts of them . 
 once again the lids were removed from various jars . 
 those reagents offered very little aroma . 
 however , adelia could n't plainly ignore the suddenly dry air that seemed to accost her . 
 she proceeded with the preparation in spite of that . 
 before long , the concoction was boiling . 
 when she removed the flask from the heat source , it seemed to hiss in protest . 
 the eager apprentice waited only several moments before tightly grasping the glassware . 
 breathing deeply , adelia quaffed the mixture . 
 the young lady immediately regretted that decision . 
 though the potion had no overt scent , it tasted terrible . 
 she thought of it as the old trail of a slug that had been left to cook on a hot cobblestone all day . 
 beyond that , however , there seemed to be no adverse effects . 
 nodding subtly , adelia gazed toward the flame she kept burning . 
 she cautiously moved her hand over the fire . 
 reflexively , the apprentice gnashed her teeth together . 
 that expectation toppled , though , for she felt no pain , even as the flame seemed to lick at her skin . 
 a wide smile formed on the young lady 's face . 
 that grin contorted wildly when her hand became engulfed in flames . 
 a stunted gasp reported , but she realized quickly that she continued to experience no discomfort . 
 adelia looked to her mentor again , who remained blissfully ignorant of the situation . 
 a glance to her right showed she did not go unwatched . 
 merlin tilted his head to the side and meowed nonchalantly . 
 flailing her arm erratically , the flames finally dissipated . 
 adelia breathed a sigh of relief . 
 even though there remained an absence of pain , she still groaned discontentedly . 
 her experiments had gone wrong at every turn . 
 her brow furled , and she locked her jaw . 
 once again , she thumbed through the pages of the old tome . 
 the apprentice took her time , focusing on the lists of ingredients she would need . 
 finally , her eyes settled on a concoction she was confident she could make . 
 `` smoke , '' adelia whispered . 
 `` just smoke . 
 there 's no way i can fail this task . '' 
 the potion only required two herbs . 
 hornroot grew just about anywhere but required a keen eye to spot it . 
 rock ash was actually neither of the things its name implied . 
 it was a mossy , moldy plant that grew on wet rocks , giving them a charred look . 
 both ingredients were readily available in front of the pupil , marked in their jars . 
 even without the labels , adelia was confident she could identify them . 
 assertively , she removed the lids and placed them into separate flasks . 
 she was so focused that she did n't notice the odor . 
 to her side , merlin 's nose twitched , and he shied away from the desk . 
 both flasks were heated then , their contents beginning to fall apart and eventually bubble . 
 while the hornroot gave off no particular steam or smoke , thin wisps crawled from the flask of rock ash , wriggling into the open air like shadowy tendrils . 
 after only a short while longer , the herbs fully dissolved and remained only as liquids at the bottoms of the glassware . 
 confidently , adelia poured the contents into another clean flask . 
 the mixture sizzled in protest and began to bubble . 
 almost immediately thereafter , a trail of smoke emerged . 
 it was black and volatile , and adelia was concerned the entire room would be engulfed . 
 still , she could not hide her smile . 
 she poured half of the contents into another empty vial and turned to the sage . 
 `` master camlann , '' the pupil said , rising from her seat and approaching the wizard with the potion in hand . 
 `` just gaston will do , '' he said . 
 he seemed almost too busy to be concerned . 
 he caught the strong scent of the concoction then and stood , turning to the young lady . 
 `` my child , you 've turned my study into a chimney , '' he playfully mused . 
 `` it 's about time i 've done something i sought to do , '' she asserted . 
 the sage reached out , collecting the smoking concoction . 
 adelia proudly relinquished it . 
 she could n't help but notice the subtle shift in her teacher 's eyes when the potion neared his face . 
 `` this is ... hornroot and rock ash ? '' 
 he queried . 
 his tone was urgent , but adelia 's reply was not quick enough . 
 gaston turned abruptly and pitched the flask out of the window . 
 the bluebird perched upon the sill flew from its spot . 
 both pupil and tutor were privy to the sight of the glassware exploding . 
 shards went flying , and the contents that had been within ignited in a brief yet powerful display . 
 `` have you been paying attention to the quantities of your ingredients ? '' 
 gaston asked . 
 adelia heard the question but found she could not immediately respond . 
 the sage followed her gaze back toward her desk , where smoke still billowed toward the ceiling . 
 both magi could see the violent reaction taking place within the vial . 
 gaston thrust out his hand , when a bright flash emitted in the room . 
 the sage did his best to fight past the discomfort but eventually had to narrow his eyes reflexively . 
 adelia averted her gaze entirely . 
 when the powerful light faded , the pupil ventured another look toward her failed mixture . 
 merlin scurried from the room , but she paid him little heed . 
 there , where she had just been sitting , everything was in disarray . 
 all of the jars of reagents were shattered , as well as the stoneware bowl she had used to make her earlier concoction . 
 the desk had a large hole in it , and the top of the chair had been mangled . 
 only the tomes remained unscathed . 
 laying on the floor , shut once again , the tome she had been reading from seemed not to have a mark . 
 her mentor turned slowly toward her , and she felt the need to shy away . 
 `` well , '' he said , his voice as calm as ever . 
 `` this will lead us right into our next lesson . 
 ca n't very well continue to practice potion making without reagents , can we ? '' 
 at the conclusion of his question , the desk collapsed , spilling the rest of the contents to the floor . 
 adelia winced and covered her face with her hand . 
 chapter three : herbalism still reeling from the embarrassment of her desk 's untimely destruction , adelia could n't keep her cheeks from displaying a shade of red . 
 the keep was far behind her , but her present company had her recalling the incident vividly . 
 despite the explosive event in his room , gaston was not perturbed in the least . 
 that was n't the first desk that had suffered at the hands of an errant potion , he told his pupil . 
 he was aware of adelia 's apprehension but could only smile in reply . 
 instead , he focused on the piece of parchment in his hands , though it was blank . 
 his pupil -- still red-faced -- looked at him inquisitively . 
 the pair of magi emerged from the wildflower fields , the topiary guardians staring at them from afar . 
 gaston abruptly stopped and pointed his finger toward his apprentice . 
 adelia was surprised by the sudden emerald glow upon her chest . 
 still , she offered no resistance . 
 `` you 're gaining an understanding of your surroundings , '' the sage observed . 
 `` your instincts are evolving faster than i 'd have expected . '' 
 standing straighter after that comment , the young lady patiently watched as gaston continued his enchantment . 
 the emerald aura seemed to pull from her body along with the sage 's hand . 
 when it was completely liberated , it floated into the air like a haze . 
 gaston swatted down with his open palm , slapping the aura onto the parchment . 
 immediately , a variety of colors seemed to be painted upon the paper . 
 `` do you know what this is ? '' 
 gaston asked . 
 adelia shook her head but leaned closer , trying to gain some insight . 
 `` this is a special map that knows where you are in relation to the surrounding country . 
 as you travel , the image will move to accommodate your environment . '' 
 the young lady swallowed hard . 
 `` can anyone make a map of someone else ? '' 
 `` a highly regarded mage can , '' gaston clarified . 
 sensing that she was uneasy , he placed a hand on her shoulder . 
 `` do not be worried . 
 you would have to be in immediate proximity for someone to collect your whereabouts . '' 
 she breathed a sigh of relief . 
 `` this map in particular will be used so you can find your way to folly 's glen . '' 
 when she wore an inquisitive gaze once more , he grinned at her curiosity . 
 `` forsynthia is the perfect place for me . 
 it 's close to the southern seas if i ever need to charter a ship . 
 it 's close to gardone , so we 're always well protected . 
 `` another benefit is its proximity to supplies , '' he continued . 
 `` some staves and wands require a certain kind of wood to gain their power . 
 to the south , there is an immense forest , watched over by elves . 
 nearly every kind of sorcerer 's tree is located in those woods . 
 `` east of here , the raster springs provide us with magical water . 
 you 'd think that such a thing would be menial , but arcane springs are a rarity . 
 there are only two i can recall that reside on draconis . 
 of course , i am getting rather old and ... `` my dear , i apologize , '' gaston said . 
 `` i 'm rambling again , as i am oft to do . 
 my point is folly 's glen is just as important to this locale as the rest . 
 the place is known for its natural sorcery . 
 dozens of varieties of herbs grow within , making it ideal for collection . '' 
 the sage slid his satchel off his shoulder . 
 `` here , '' he said . 
 `` inside , you 'll find another tome with instructions on how to identify alchemical reagents in the wild . 
 there are also individual pouches and vials you can use to separate your ingredients . 
 `` now , get going before i talk you into unconsciousness , '' the sage bade . 
 `` we 've already wasted enough time , and the afternoon sun will soon be here . '' 
 `` thank you , master camlann , '' the young lady said . 
 the wizard grinned . 
 `` just gaston will do . '' 
 she smiled in reply , bowing before turning to head west . 
 folly 's glen was nearby but still not as close as her mentor implied . 
 his suggestion to get moving before the sun burned through the day was welcomed advice . 
 as the girl went on her way , gaston turned and began back toward the keep . 
 along the way , he passed the wildflower fields . 
 a black object hopped out of the flora every few moments , immediately sinking back within . 
 watching with intrigue , the sage waited until he was passed . 
 he was sure he had been spotted but disregarded without a second thought . 
 `` keep her safe , merlin , '' gaston quietly said . 
 * * * * * the sun had outpaced the would-be mage , leading her to her destination . 
 she had spotted folly 's glen some time before , and her urgency had wavered . 
 true to gaston 's word , the place seemed overwhelmed by magic . 
 what the sage had n't told her was it was decidedly dark magic . 
 several hundred feet outside of the glen -- which was actually a densely thick forest -- the plains of daltain gradually grew more rugged . 
 large boulders were scattered about the area , some beside immense scars in the ground . 
 adelia braced herself upon one of the boulders , peering at her destination . 
 folly 's glen seemed bleak , as if the blue sky above it were somehow darker . 
 `` he must have been very disappointed about that desk , '' the young lady said to herself . 
 a meow to her side had her nearly flinging herself over the boulder . 
 adelia somehow managed to root herself in place , only abruptly casting her gaze in the direction of her unexpected companion . 
 adelia furled her eyebrows then . 
 `` does gaston have you spying on me ? '' 
 the small black feline hopped upon the boulder and stared into folly 's glen . 
 she followed his gaze and sighed . 
 `` you 'd better not get lost in there , '' she asserted . 
 `` i wo n't have the time to look for you . '' 
 as if challenging that notion , merlin leapt off of the rock and strode fearlessly toward the dark forest . 
 shaking her head , adelia followed his lead . 
 even though the cat proceeded casually , he easily outpaced the girl . 
 she began running to catch up with him but was not quick enough to reach him before he disappeared within the woods . 
 without hesitation , she gave chase . 
 as she slipped into the woods , she was shocked still . 
 before her eyes , the sky seemed like a radiant jewel , shining down an indigo light upon the glen . 
 far ahead , a creek flowed through the place , its water clearer than any she 'd ever seen . 
 even the grass seemed livelier than outside among the plains . 
 the ground seemed to sparkle , as though miniscule gemstones were glued upon every emerald blade . 
 when her immediate awe subsided , adelia was able to focus on the creature that had boldly led her inside . 
 merlin sat upon a rock beside the river , staring at the girl . 
 he seemed to swell with pride , smiling as only a cat could . 
 absentmindedly , the young lady made her way toward the creek . 
 merlin hopped down from his perch and leapt over the water . 
 once adelia arrived there , she could n't help being impressed by the clarity of the liquid . 
 she could see through the water without any obstruction , yet she could see her reflection staring back at her . 
 looking to the side , she was surprised to see the creek 's origin . 
 it flowed from within a solitary tree farther north , and as best she could tell , it could not be seen beyond that . 
 a glance in the opposite direction showed that the stream ended in much the same way . 
 the water flowed within the hollow of a tree , disappearing there . 
 on the opposite side of the creek , merlin leaned down , lapping up the crystalline water . 
 `` that 's not a bad idea , '' adelia mused . 
 the young lady dropped to her knees and cupped her hands together . 
 anticipating a cool drink , she reached forward . 
 to her dismay and her surprise , the water seemed to avoid her hands . 
 she could see the damp dirt beneath it , yet the stream separated in two , forking around her presence . 
 she reached a little farther , and the water split there instead . 
 merlin sat up on his haunches , licking the water off his furry lips . 
 he stared at his companion , giving off an air of superiority . 
 `` all right , what 's your secret ? '' 
 adelia asked . 
 the cat leaned down again , nearly engulfing his muzzle in the stream . 
 adelia was about to make another attempt when she noticed the glen had suddenly grown dark . 
 a look skyward alerted her to nothing , for the canvas above was still a vibrant blue . 
 when her gaze returned to the ground , it was once again bright and verdant . 
 sighing , the young lady stood . 
 she crossed over the creek , oblivious to the water splitting around her feet . 
 she was instead focused on the opposite side of the glen , where lumibugs seemed to congregate . 
 their multicolored dance was mesmerizing , and adelia was drawn to them . 
 as she approached their mating area , she watched the organized chaos of it all . 
 the congregation seemed to pitch and sway one way or another every few moments . 
 it did n't take long for adelia to figure out why . 
 a jet of flame burst from the ground . 
 she drew back reflexively , the fire briefly stealing away the girl 's vision . 
 when it returned , she could see the lumibugs , still happily dancing amongst each other , had moved just out of the way of the fire . 
 that hissing pillar withdrew back into the ground a moment later . 
 she could see as the swarm rotated around their section of the glen , their flight seeming so trivial yet so deliberate . 
 another fiery eruption cast out , and once again the lumibugs were just clear of that potential massacre . 
 adelia narrowed her eyes to combat the heat and the brightness , but she could n't suppress the smile beginning to curl her lips upward . 
 that amused look quickly subsided when the latest flame submerged . 
 only moments later , her companion whimsically leapt into the area . 
 `` merlin ! '' 
 she cried . 
 the cat showed little concern for his safety . 
 rather , he hopped about , swatting playfully at the lumibugs in the air . 
 while his dance followed the brightly colored insects , he was just as safe as they were . 
 the pillars of flame were just out of reach , and he seemed oblivious to their presence . 
 still , adelia could barely breathe while her companion remained in danger . 
 just as quickly as merlin became interested in the lumibugs , however , he grew bored with them . 
 with a roaring blast of fire at his back , the cat leisurely walked away from danger . 
 breathing out a sigh of relief , the young lady smiled again . 
 who would have believed i 'd be worried about a cat ? 
 she thought . 
 following merlin away from the lumibugs , adelia saw another glow . 
 not far away , a tree stood clear from the rest , bioluminescent mushrooms growing from its bark in an unending spiral . 
 radiating in bright blues and purples , the lone tree was like a beacon for the forest . 
 as she approached , adelia realized she was n't the only one so intrigued . 
 merlin pranced toward the tree , content with his lot in life . 
 the fungus was larger than she first thought , but she was still surprised to see the cat proceeding up and around the spiral like a staircase . 
 up and up he went , until he reached one of the lower branches . 
 once there , he lazily lay down , observing the other happenings of the glen . 
 below , the would-be herbalist looked at the fungus for a brief while . 
 she reached into her satchel then , retrieving the tome gaston had provided . 
 `` let 's see if you 're one of the ones i need . '' 
 adelia set the book in the bend of her arm and thumbed through the pages . 
 each weathered parchment sounded as though it would tear out at any moment . 
 she knew it was deceptively strong , however , in no small part due to her teacher 's magic . 
 `` here we go , '' she said . 
 `` sunset blister . '' 
 the young lady passed a glance to the cat in the bough . 
 `` why do all of these ingredients have such dreadful names ? '' 
 merlin offered no verbal response ; his tail twitched as though he was saying he did n't care . 
 with a smile , adelia shrugged . 
 she placed the tome back in her satchel and removed a small flask instead . 
 she proceeded to scrape one of the smaller pieces of fungus off of the tree , dropping it into the glassware . 
 a minute cloud of dust puffed out from the broken piece that remained , as if in protest . 
 while she was n't focused on it , the young lady could n't ignore the horrid smell . 
 even merlin abruptly stood and leapt from the tree . 
 adelia followed him deeper into the glen . 
 true to gaston 's words , folly 's glen had everything necessary for an aspiring alchemist . 
 somehow , the place seemed able to foster just about any ecology . 
 the lush forest gave way to a bubbling bog , and far beyond that , the young lady could see the western mountains . 
 one by one , adelia harvested the reagents , gathering hornroot , thistlebark , and sunfoil . 
 vials , flasks , and pouches were quickly filled , and she wondered how anyone could amass such a plentiful assortment . 
 her equipment was nearly full , and every few dozen yards , she could see another item for her collection . 
 with her sight often falling upon the tome , she had lost track of merlin . 
 he knew his way around the glen better than she , though , and adelia did n't worry . 
 a dark shadow crawled over the old pages . 
 the young lady looked skyward , but just as before , she could n't see anything obscuring the sun . 
 shuddering , she proceeded deeper into the glen . 
 the bog was just before her , a solid path leading between the marshes . 
 crinkling her nose , adelia could n't escape the pungent smell of the bog . 
 the heat of the place was just as overwhelming , forcing her to take shallow breaths . 
 dark bubbles rose to the surface of the viscous green liquid , like a thick pea soup left within a red hot cauldron . 
 the young lady hoped to collect whatever pertinent reagents she could and immediately leave the marsh behind her . 
 she spotted a collection of spiny reeds just at the edge of the solid ground and slowly began her approach . 
 `` swamp fangs , '' she said , identifying the herb from the tome . 
 content with one more item to bring back to forsynthia , adelia approached the muck . 
 carefully wrapping her fingers around the spiny reeds , she began tugging . 
 the bog 's grip on them was much more powerful than she expected , and she found she was losing the contest of strength . 
 breathing deeply , the young lady used all of her weight to aid her harvest . 
 her balance was sacrificed , however . 
 when the marsh finally conceded and bestowed upon her its reward , adelia fell backward . 
 she cradled the satchel as she landed on her rump , but the flap still opened when it landed . 
 several of the vials inside rolled about the ground behind her . 
 no permanent damage had been done . 
 none of the reagents adelia had collected that day had been lost , and she held onto one more . 
 standing , she was able to smile . 
 after only a brief few moments , all of the supplies were in her satchel . 
 she stood and turned west , aware of one more location where rare herbs could be found . 
 the mountains separating daltain and gandarst were sure to be rife with rock ash , iron ivy , and silvercloak . 
 with the grin still wide on her face , she proceeded in that direction . 
 she was n't able to move very far from the swamp before darkness seemed to envelop the glen again . 
 that time , though , a huge rumble beneath her nearly shook her from her feet . 
 adelia turned and was shocked to be staring at a black dragon . 
 with large , green eyes , the menacing tyrant glared back . 
 every ebon scale seemed to glisten in the sunlight , yet the heat and the vapors from the bog almost gave them a corrosive appearance . 
 razor sharp claws dug into the ground she had just tread upon , drawing the viscous , murky liquid toward the surface . 
 as the dragon 's mouth parted , she could see the rows of the giant beast 's teeth . 
 the young lady could feel fear reaping the soul from her body . 
 the terrifying monster had landed upon the widest area of solid ground , but even then , his heft was causing the earth to crumble beneath him . 
 there was nowhere for adelia to run . 
 the swamp blocked most of her passage out of folly 's glen , and with the mountains at her back , she truly felt trapped . 
 a gentle , soft touch wrapped around her leg , and she nearly fainted . 
 when she looked down , she was surprised to see merlin there . 
 he stepped forward and sat down before her , staring stoically at the dragon . 
 she watched as the dragon 's muscles tensed and its neck straightened . 
 those green eyes narrowed , and adelia was certain both she and the cat were to be tasty snacks for the tyrant . 
 just as abruptly as it landed , though , the dragon took to flight . 
 it disappeared from the azure canvas above just a few moments later . 
 adelia had never sighed so loudly . 
 her tiny , furry savior turned back toward her and almost gleefully approached . 
 the girl felt her legs wobble , and she nearly fell to her rump . 
 the feline was well rewarded with several scratches around his ear and beneath his chin . 
 `` i would pet you forever , merlin , '' she said . 
 `` but i think it 's a good idea if we leave this place far behind us . '' 
 chapter four : arcane intuition folly 's glen was far behind the aspiring mage , yet forsynthia remained out of sight . 
 adelia 's eyes wandered to and fro often , but her gaze always inexplicably ended skyward . 
 merlin had followed the young woman immediately as she left the enchanted forest . 
 they walked side by side , though every few moments the cat would outpace her and look behind with concern . 
 if she noticed the feline 's curiosity , she did n't allow it to show . 
 since the encounter with the dragon , she had barely spoken , and her mind could n't focus very long . 
 the map gaston had bestowed upon her remained rolled up in her satchel . 
 whenever her steps took her in the wrong direction , merlin was there , helping her to subconsciously shift toward forsynthia . 
 following an ascent over a steep hill , the city was finally in sight . 
 much time had passed , and the morning glow from when she had was replaced by a fading dusk . 
 the sun , just barely peeking over the horizon behind her , cast long shadows from every tall tree and building -- even the shorter topiary creatures . 
 those shadows could n't hide the sage who patiently waited just at the bottom of the hill , however . 
 `` how did you know i would be here now ? '' 
 adelia asked . 
 a series of chuckles led the girl closer to her tutor . 
 he reached out and lightly grasped her shoulder as he turned to walk beside her . 
 `` my dear , you have much to learn of a wizard 's intuition . '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` it would have made things less surprising in folly 's glen . '' 
 `` ah , so you found the place , '' he said . 
 `` and left it no worse for wear . '' 
 adelia absentmindedly patted her satchel . 
 `` are you aware of the dragon that haunts that forest ? '' 
 `` no , not one in particular , '' gaston offered . 
 his student quietly reflected on that comment before turning , concern showing in her eyes . 
 `` in particular ? '' 
 she repeated . 
 the sage shrugged . 
 `` that area and the mountains beside it have long been the destination of many pilgrimages . 
 wizards aplenty venture to folly 's glen , and countless dragons take to the skies above it . '' 
 `` and this knowledge could n't have been passed along a little earlier ? '' 
 gaston could n't hide a mischievous smile . 
 `` it seems i 'm sometimes caught off-guard by how inexperienced you are with all of this . 
 i do n't see you as a student of magic , but the product of it . 
 i see what you ought to become , once your training is competed . '' 
 `` thank you for the kind words , master camlann . '' 
 `` just gaston will -- '' `` if i may beg your pardon , '' adelia forcibly interrupted . 
 `` all the kind words in the world wo n't save me from a dragon the next time merlin is n't nearby . '' 
 the sage nodded then . 
 `` you 're right , of course . 
 and i ... what 's that about merlin ? '' 
 `` when the dragon landed before me , merlin sat down in front of me and stared daggers right at that black-scaled monster . 
 he must have sensed the dragon roots of your little cat because , not long after that , he took to the air and left us alone . '' 
 with widened eyes , the wizard shook his head . 
 `` my dear , it seems i may have misled you . 
 when i was telling you the story of the cat 's origins , i was simply spinning a yarn . 
 i was just having fun with you . '' 
 adelia flashed a confident grin . 
 `` perhaps there 's more truth in your tale than you realized . '' 
 her demeanor swiftly changed . 
 `` i came this close to being eaten today . 
 if merlin was n't there , you and i would n't be having this conversation . '' 
 gaston nodded . 
 `` you 're right , of course . 
 most dragons do n't particularly care for the mundane events of our lives . 
 they would have just as soon ignored you than anything . 
 but a black dragon ... they 're not exactly known for their compassion . 
 i should have trained you better before sending you out there . '' 
 `` well , i 'm still here . 
 for whatever reason , the dragon left us alone . 
 he took off as though he was scared . 
 whether he should have been , only merlin knows . '' 
 gaston smiled , conceding to the thought . 
 `` other than that encounter , how was your adventure to folly 's glen ? 
 were you more successful in finding herbs than you were in using them ? '' 
 narrowing her eyes , adelia passed the satchel to her mentor . 
 once it was in his hands , though , she could n't suppress a grin of her own . 
 `` if the dragon had n't shown up , i would have needed a second pack . '' 
 `` this is excellent , my dear , '' the sage offered . 
 `` yes , i 'd like to think so , '' she replied . 
 `` although it does seem a shame that my calling in life falls to picking weeds . '' 
 `` do n't fret , child , '' gaston said . 
 `` you may find that it 's quite a relaxing hobby . '' 
 he chortled a bit but continued . 
 `` next time i 'll try to provide you with a container that is a little less finite . '' 
 `` i 've never agreed to camp in folly 's glen , '' she slyly remarked . 
 the sage stood straighter then . 
 `` my dear , i can sense the confidence building in you . 
 just yesterday you were a meek little thing . 
 i honestly could n't tell what you would amount to , though i had hoped for the best . 
 `` today , though , '' he went on , `` today , i can sense a strength in you that even you thought was lost . 
 and that intuition we 've talked about ... with a wit like yours , i do n't doubt that we can get you on the right track in a matter of weeks . '' 
 `` i hope i do not disappoint , '' she said . 
 `` worry not , '' he replied . 
 `` i wo n't let you . '' 
 smiling , he gently placed a hand on her back and guided her in the direction of the keep . 
 `` when you spent your time in viscosa , i imagine you saw some of the so-called street rats -- those men or women who preyed on people with tall tales and games of chance . '' 
 `` if i had n't found help when i did , i may have ended up one of those street rats , '' adelia exclaimed . 
 `` i have my doubts about that . 
 even so , i 'm sure you 're at least a little familiar with the shell game . '' 
 `` three shells on a table and a gem under a single one of them . '' 
 `` they 're saying they 'll give you a gem now ? '' 
 gaston loudly cried before shaking his head . 
 `` i assure you , that jewel is a fake . 
 not that many people would ever win that prize . 
 you see , those tricksters practice their own forms of magic . 
 the power of suggestion is quite strong , and they wield it deftly . 
 all it takes is one seemingly errant touch , one lingering finger . '' 
 gaston stopped then . 
 `` if we may , i 'd like to perform an experiment . 
 we 'll play a shell game of our own , with a prize more valuable than some costume jewelry . '' 
 `` i 've never been very good at these , '' adelia insisted . 
 `` fear not , '' the sage said . 
 `` you 're not paying for this game . '' 
 he stepped back then , lowering his arms and holding them out wide . 
 his robe lightly swayed as he summoned his magic . 
 his fingers glowed yellow , and his student was focused on that appearance . 
 all at once , he clapped his hands together and opened them a moment later , leaving three brown , walnut-sized shells hovering in the air . 
 all three opened , displaying a small golden orb within the center shell . 
 `` this is magical power , '' gaston said , reaching out with one hand . 
 the shining sphere slid toward his opened palm , revolving just above his skin . 
 `` if you can find it , it 's yours . '' 
 the pupil nodded at the thought of that promise but was too focused on the sphere to speak . 
 slowly , the golden ball slid back into place within the central shell . 
 gaston closed his outstretched hand into a fist , and all three shells shut . 
 `` just as in the streets of viscosa , i now ask you to keep your eyes on the shell with the prize inside . 
 do n't blink ; else you might lose sight of what is at stake here . '' 
 the sage began rolling his hands about in the air , and the levitated shells adhered to his movements , hopping over each other or twisting beneath . 
 sometimes they pitched back or forward , nearly striking the pupil . 
 all the while , though , she kept her focus . 
 a determined gaze was etched upon her face . 
 finally , the pace of the shells ' movements slowed until they came to a stop in almost the identical spots they started in . 
 `` now then , if you think you know where that magic power is , simply touch your hand to it , '' gaston said . 
 adelia hesitated for a moment but stepped forward . 
 she reached out , lightly touching the center shell . 
 `` are you confident that is where the power lies ? '' 
 his pupil nodded . 
 `` i saw the glow within that shell when it started . 
 i did n't blink long enough to lose it . '' 
 flashing a mischievous smirk , gaston opened his hand . 
 the central shell separated , yet there was nothing inside . 
 adelia stepped back , nearly stunned . 
 she bowed her head in defeat . 
 the sage clicked his tongue , gaining her attention once more . 
 the other shells opened as well , revealing nothing within either of them . 
 `` i was never meant to win the magic power , was i ? '' 
 she asked . 
 her voice was more powerful than gaston had heard from her . 
 he simply smiled brighter . 
 `` i ca n't give you that power , '' he said , stepping forward . 
 `` because it is already within you . '' 
 he reached out , stopping just before her collarbone . 
 before her eyes , the glowing golden orb emerged from her chest . 
 despite the kind gesture , adelia crossed her arms over her chest . 
 one of the loudest laughs she had heard erupted from her tutor then . 
 it was able to disarm her as well , for several moments later even she could not suppress a smile . 
 `` you are going to be a powerful sorceress one day , '' gaston promised . 
 `` it may be a slow road , but no wizard truly understood the arcane arts overnight . 
 that road may have twists and turns and obstacles , but as long as you keep the pace , you 'll surprise yourself , i assure you . '' 
 he guided her toward the keep once more . 
 they passed the wildflowers and the topiary guardians , until they were close to the drawn portcullis . 
 the sage continued forward , but his apprentice stopped and hesitated . 
 gaston turned to look at her . 
 `` what if something happens like today ? '' 
 adelia asked . 
 `` what if a dragon decides that i 'm not a mage , but a meal ? 
 i may not ever have the opportunity to learn the arcane arts . '' 
 the sage stood straighter upon hearing that confession . 
 he slowly returned to her , subtly nodding . 
 `` perhaps i 've been too focused on the broader spectrum of magic to truly convey to you how everything works . '' 
 he shrugged , looking to his side . 
 `` this may seem a little strange , but let me try to explain how magic works on tellest . 
 `` when you look around , you see the keep . 
 you can touch the stonework , you can feel every groove . 
 you know without compromise that it exists and that it is here . 
 if you wanted , you could go out into forsynthia , you can smell the flowers , you can taste the aromas of the cooking meats over at the tavern . 
 we believe in these things because we so often experience them . 
 `` a normal person will not sense magic because they 've never experienced it . 
 many people harness the power simply on faith alone , because its presence simply can not be found . '' 
 gaston spread his arms wide . 
 `` the realm we are in is the physical realm . 
 we understand things because we can vividly sense them . 
 magic , on the other hand , exists in a different realm , within a separate plane of existence . 
 it remains close enough to our world that those of us with faith in it can bend and shape it . 
 we can pull it into tellest , through the aether and give it form . 
 when our use of it expires , it bleeds back into its original realm where it is restored . 
 `` you see , my dear , magic is not some finite thing we must preserve lest we lose it . 
 the only limitations we have are ourselves . 
 magic spins around this planet like the clouds , opening in greater pockets without our making . 
 some of it lingers in places like folly 's glen . '' 
 `` but how do i use it ? '' 
 adelia asked . 
 `` how do i make it some conscious thing ? 
 so far i 've only been able to reach into that place when i 've been scared to death . 
 why is it only then that magic serves me ? '' 
 `` perhaps in those moments of desperation , your eyes see with more clarity , '' gaston reasoned . 
 `` if you were able to somehow peer into that place with more conviction , maybe you could readily shape the magic to your liking . 
 `` you see , different practitioners of magic sense the other realm in different ways . 
 some hear the words of some long lost secret and call them out to make them whole once again . 
 some chant to give themselves a stronger sense of concentration . 
 i 've personally found that shaping the invisible force aids me in my casting . 
 `` there are others who use baubles and trinkets . 
 staves , wands , and scepters become an almost divining extension of their bodies . 
 it is as if they are attuning a part of themselves , housing it in that device . '' 
 adelia nodded , struggling to take it all in . 
 `` maybe a wand would serve me best . '' 
 `` i 've always thought it was best to focus on what 's been proven , '' the sage offered . 
 `` we know you were able to summon your spells without a wand before . 
 i saw it with my own eyes . 
 and even then , you were n't exactly in death 's grip . '' 
 `` when i nearly eradicated your cat ? '' 
 the student miserably said . 
 `` exactly , '' he contentedly replied . 
 `` you 're showing signs of progress , as slight as they may be . '' 
 the sage paused and looked around . 
 he nodded then and urged the girl to turn to her left . 
 `` why do n't we give it a try now ? '' 
 they watched as a young archer slung a bow over his shoulder , approaching a training dummy he had already turned into a pincushion . 
 less than a dozen feet from there , a second dummy was positioned , seemingly free from the dangers within hawthorne keep . 
 `` go ahead , '' gaston said . 
 `` do your worst to it . '' 
 he stepped forward , turning to see his pupil . 
 she stared at him pitifully , but he only grinned and crossed his arms over his chest , the sleeves of his robe draping over . 
 a quiet sigh managed to shake adelia 's small frame . 
 she cast her gaze forward , landing it upon the formless face of the training dummy . 
 as his student began to focus , the sage concentrated his sight on her eyes . 
 he could see as her pupils constricted , and a slight grin lifted his lips upward . 
 adelia thrust her arm out , her face becoming stern . 
 she stood there for some while yet could n't produce even a smoky fizzle as a sign of failure . 
 `` keep pointing at him , '' the archer cockily said . 
 `` i 'm sure he 'll fall down eventually . '' 
 he turned back to his target and let his final arrow fly . 
 it had n't flown ten feet from the bow before a strong gust of otherworldly wind sent it up and over the keep 's wall . 
 the archer passed a sneer at gaston , but the sage innocently looked skyward in the opposite direction . 
 stifling a growl , the other man in the keep 's courtyard stomped to his remaining arrows , ripping them from the dummy . 
 he wasted no time slipping into the halls of hawthorne keep , leaving the sage and his student behind . 
 `` that 's better . 
 one less distraction , '' gaston said . 
 he could sense his pupil 's embarrassment but merely shrugged . 
 `` the boy is an excellent marksman , but he lacks any kind of manners . 
 you 'd never guess he was lydick 's son . '' 
 he shook his head , discarding the notion . 
 `` let 's try again , shall we ? '' 
 adelia breathed deeply , her attention fixed once again on the training dummy . 
 gaston watched as her focus flushed her cheeks red , her eyes narrowed , and her jaw locked . 
 he could see as her arm trembled as well . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' she said , lowering her extended limb and bowing in frustration . 
 `` you 've been through much today , '' gaston offered . 
 `` perhaps i 've asked too much of you . 
 while many of your tasks today have been absent of physical toils , none would dare say that you have n't been mentally taxed . 
 why do n't i prepare you a cup of lavender tea to help you drift toward a pleasant sleep ? '' 
 sighing heavily , adelia nodded . 
 the sage once again placed his hand upon her lower back , guiding her toward the stairs that led to the second floor . 
 `` you should n't expect too much of yourself at first , '' gaston said . 
 `` we already know you have a link to the magical plane . 
 there 's no need to rush it . 
 now , why do n't we drop off those reagents in my room and i 'll see about making that tea ? '' 
 `` yes , master camlann , '' she agreed . 
 `` just gaston will do , '' he replied , smiling . 
 when the sage gently thrust open the door , both were surprised to see edric and another man directly in front of them . 
 the man who was unknown to them both held a dagger to edric 's throat . 
 the sage extended his arm then . 
 his student raised her arm quicker . 
 a blast of energy shot forth from adelia 's open palm like a bolt of lightning . 
 it struck the would-be assassin in his shoulder , flinging him backward . 
 his arms straightened and stiffened from the shock , allowing edric to sink from his grasp . 
 as the hostage cleared , adelia extended her other arm as well . 
 another flash of light blinded everyone in the room momentarily . 
 just as their vision returned , they could see the assassin tipping backward through the window . 
 he pronounced his own surprise with a horrified yell . 
 edric ran to the window , while gaston simply took a few steps forward . 
 he looked into his student 's eyes . 
 darkened clouds seemed to crawl over her irises and pupils before they ultimately faded , revealing her blue eyes once more . 
 gaston could n't hide his smile . 
 chapter five : inscription as the daylight hours waned , the sun said its evening farewells , slipping beneath the horizon . 
 candles had been lit within gaston 's room , and the shutters upon the windows had been drawn shut . 
 the moths and beetles outside would have to find a different flame to approach . 
 adelia had sat at one of those windows for some time . 
 at her tutor 's behest , she stayed in the room while gaston and edric rushed to the outside wall of the keep . 
 though the assassin was grievously injured , he had survived the shock and the fall . 
 more astonishingly , he had retained his consciousness . 
 the student , high above , could just barely see him retrieve another knife from his hip . 
 the older men had arrived shortly after , and she warned them of the new weapon . 
 he did n't seem keen on using it , however . 
 edric passed gaston a concerned glance when the assassin was turned over . 
 both men shook their heads as they dragged the intruder back into hawthorne keep . 
 the pupil had lit the candles just before she had drawn the shutters to a close . 
 after a long time alone , the wax on those candles melted down much further than she expected . 
 adelia breathed out a quiet sigh and apprehended one of gaston 's tomes , opening it up to a random page . 
 various topics of research were scribbled within the book , ranging from the effects of certain alchemical concoctions on nearby plant life to the results of a particular mix of pipe weeds intended to attract dragons . 
 the young lady spent some time investigating each of the topics while she waited for her tutor to return . 
 when gaston did enter the room , he was not alone . 
 `` i always knew trevor did n't like me much , '' edric said . 
 `` but i never thought he 'd just let some strange man in here to kill me . '' 
 adelia began to stand , but her tutor raised his hand to stay her . 
 she sank back into the chair at the sage 's desk but kept her attention on the two men . 
 gaston placed two items on her dilapidate desk instead . 
 one was a shining knife , while the other was a vial that contained some dark red semitransparent liquid . 
 `` you know lydick 's boy would n't have intentionally meant to do you harm , '' the sage offered . 
 `` he 's just never been much of a people person . '' 
 `` hence why he 's training with the bow , '' edric countered . 
 `` so he can kill someone from afar without having to see it and without feeling a lick of remorse . '' 
 they went on for some time like that , merely gossiping , it seemed . 
 adelia turned back to gaston 's desk and took note of the tome the sage had most recently scribbled within . 
 it was left open to his freshest remarks , the ink still dark and bold . 
 the young lady took care to gently turn the pages until she reached the title of the subject . 
 `` the strain : the origins of strange , raw magic in beings on tellest , '' she whispered . 
 the tome went on in greater details , describing the incredible powers gaston had seen in some of tellest 's greatest heroes . 
 somehow , he supposed , the pockets of magic that moved with the weather bestowed their gift permanently to those born under their aura . 
 adelia perused the pages for so long that she did n't hear as gaston and edric 's conversation grew dull . 
 instead , she paid greater attention to the book . 
 the sage 's words explained how the strain affected different cultures and races . 
 the dwarves elected their kings based on the manifestation of uncanny powers , while the elves shared their power fully amongst each sect . 
 the scrape of a wooden chair against the floor was not completely lost to adelia . 
 she turned in time to see edric approach her . 
 he stopped just several feet away and lightly bowed . 
 `` my thanks , young lady , '' he said . 
 `` without your aid , i might not be here now . '' 
 he turned to his friend then , nodding weakly . 
 `` let me know if you hear anything from our intruder . '' 
 `` a fine surprise that would be , '' gaston chortled . 
 `` i 'm no cleric . '' 
 edric hummed to himself as he understood that notion . 
 he lazily brought up his hand , bidding the two magi goodnight . 
 birds still chirped outside , despite the darkness . 
 the young woman supposed she might have been reading through her master 's tomes all night and that morning was already upon them . 
 `` best get ready for bed , '' gaston said . 
 he clapped his hands together as he stood and slowly made his way toward his pupil . 
 his eyes landed upon the open book in front of her and the other tomes on the desk that remained out of place . 
 `` my dear , just how much have you read tonight ? '' 
 `` quite enough , '' she said , rubbing her eyes . 
 `` and it did n't give you much trouble ? '' 
 he pressed on before she could answer . 
 `` the alchemy and herbalist tomes were written with a possible apprentice in mind , but most of my other works are more scholarly in nature . '' 
 `` one thing i was taught well was literacy , '' the young lady replied . 
 `` it simply would n't do to travel to a nearby town and look for a tanner 's shop and then accidentally take our wares to a bakery . 
 my words are strong -- though not as much as yours , of course . 
 you seem very passionate about your topics . 
 not least of all this ... strain . '' 
 his eyebrow arched as he heard the single word . 
 `` i left that tome out , did i ? '' 
 `` it seems you intended on writing plenty more on the subject , '' adelia confirmed . 
 `` that i do . 
 it 's become somewhat of a hobby of mine . 
 i was planning for quite some time to visit genger 'm ar or caledos , but neither the orcs nor the minotaurs are known for their demonstration of the strain . 
 there is a good chance my journey would become a mere vacation among cities where humans are welcomed , though not openly embraced . '' 
 `` what about atalatha ? '' 
 adelia wondered . 
 she immediately shrunk back , fiercely tightening her lips . 
 gaston noticed the reaction but waved it away . 
 `` while atalatha has long embraced the other races , i 'm sure even you 've noticed or heard about the less diverse it is becoming . 
 most of the city was built on the backs of the dwarves , but even they have mostly cleared out . 
 `` bah , back to the entertaining bits , '' the sage offered . 
 `` the werewolves and werebears of gandarst probably have the strain to thank for their lycanthropy , and any of the anthropomorphic races ' origins are questionable enough to venture that the strain had some part in their creation as well -- the kobolds , the kaja , and the minotaurs included . '' 
 `` you seem fascinated by all of it , '' adelia said . 
 the sage looked to the tome and nodded . 
 `` that i am , my dear . 
 perhaps too much . '' 
 he turned toward the door to the hall and took a single step in that direction . 
 `` how much of our conversation did you hear while you were reading ? '' 
 `` nothing important , '' she insisted . 
 `` i was n't eavesdropping . '' 
 `` you simply must , '' gaston cheerfully replied . 
 `` it 's one of the simpler joys in life . 
 besides , now i 've got to tell you what 's happened anyway . 
 `` the man who tried to kill edric -- who you so succinctly thwarted -- did n't die from his injuries . 
 but you knew that when you warned us of his knife . 
 i assure you , we were never in any danger then . 
 he had produced the weapon for another reason entirely . 
 `` you see , '' the sage went on , `` he no longer possesses the means to speak with us . '' 
 he paused for a moment as the full weight of that comment reached adelia . 
 `` tomorrow , some interrogators will arrive to ask him some very specific questions that can be answered by a nod or a shake of his head . 
 whatever the case , he zealously wanted to keep the details of his task quiet . 
 `` that is n't to say we ca n't discern what he was doing here . 
 we saw the knife to edric 's throat . 
 and once we apprehended him , we found several of his belongings . '' 
 gaston made his way to his pupil 's desk , picking up the glassware with the crimson liquid . 
 `` this vial of poison i 'm sure you saw when edric and i returned . 
 but this , '' he said , reaching into his robe , `` this is the fun part . '' 
 he produced a small , rolled up parchment and handed it to adelia . 
 she gently grasped the paper , letting it unroll naturally before stretching it further . 
 the young lady turned until the candlelight shone over her shoulder . 
 as her brow furled , gaston could n't hope to hide a wry grin . 
 `` not exactly written in the most common of languages , is it ? '' 
 the sage asked . 
 he retrieved the parchment from the girl and sprawled it upon his desk . 
 he proceeded to place empty vials upon opposite corners , preventing the paper from rolling back into its cylindrical shape . 
 as the light landed fully upon the paper , adelia could see the dark scratches upon the vellum . 
 symbols had been scrawled with what seemed like charcoal . 
 they were almost formless , though , offering no real details of their meaning . 
 `` this is unlike any language i 've ever seen , '' adelia offered . 
 `` even in the library at viscosa , i 'd never seen anything like this . '' 
 `` that 's because it is n't a traditional language , my dear , '' gaston offered . 
 `` these are glyphs . '' 
 his student tilted her head at that vague description . 
 an exuberant expression appeared on the old man 's face , and he stepped back toward her desk , dragging another chair closer . 
 he fell into it as if he had his entire youth left to spend . 
 `` think of glyphs as a wizard 's written words , '' he described . 
 `` they help to transcribe the arcane realm into a more manageable means . 
 when i told you that nearly anybody could cast a magic spell , this is how . 
 typically , a mage will invoke the glyphs upon a page and then translate it into a readable , phonetic language for a layman . 
 with patience and precision , that person can read the incantation and summon magic on their own . 
 `` now of course , that can lead to some very terrible repercussions . 
 magic has brought great destruction before . 
 unchecked , it will surely happen again . 
 many times , great wizards simply leave their scrolls without translating them . '' 
 `` do you think the man that attacked edric was a magician ? '' 
 adelia asked . 
 gaston sucked in his lips a bit before shaking his head . 
 `` no . 
 no , i do n't think so . 
 i have n't had much time to look at the scroll , but it seems to be something besides a spell . 
 his actions thus far imply he has no formal magic training either . '' 
 `` but why would he have ... glyphs like these if he could n't read them ? '' 
 `` if you 're not too tired , that 's what i 'd like to find out . '' 
 the sage beamed at the prospect of the investigation . 
 adelia swung her seat around until she , too , faced the paper sprawled out on the table . 
 `` for many people , it could be very hard to read this parchment , even if they remember any specific details , '' the sage said . 
 he pulled open a drawer on the right side of his desk and reached inside . 
 a moment later , he retrieved a small vial and placed it on the desk . 
 its contents swirled with a dark grey , shimmering color . 
 `` but if he was able to learn to memorize a specific chant of some sort , there is a chance he would be able to translate this back and forth as needed . '' 
 `` is there any way for us to decipher it ? '' 
 `` it is possible , '' gaston offered . 
 `` this is a very special ink , '' he said , shaking the vial . 
 `` it comes from something called silverthorn . 
 when you squeeze it , it secretes this grey pulp . 
 prepared correctly , it becomes the ink in this container . '' 
 `` is n't that painful ? '' 
 adelia asked . 
 `` my dear , you 'll find that anything worth doing usually is . 
 in any case , we can use this ink to recreate the words upon his page . 
 if we perform the task correctly , we 'll find out what secrets he 's been hiding . 
 if we fail , the truth might be lost forever . '' 
 adelia nodded , but that gesture quickly changed when he pushed the silver vial in front of her . 
 as she shook her head , he smiled brightly . 
 `` you can do this , i 'm sure of it , '' he said . 
 `` take hold of it . 
 summon the ink from the container . 
 see the waves of magic behind our reality . 
 make it bend the lies into the truth . '' 
 the pupil swallowed hard , blowing out a deep sigh at its end . 
 she plucked the cork from the vial and placed both beside the assassin 's note . 
 gaston rose to his feet then , stepping farther away . 
 adelia passed him a concerned glance , but the sage simply bowed his head , urging her on . 
 `` picture it , '' he said . 
 `` see into that other realm , as you have before . '' 
 as she listened to his suggestion , he stepped farther back , just out of her peripheral vision . 
 `` draw the silver into the void between worlds . 
 let the magic take hold of it . '' 
 adelia spun her hand in narrow circles above the container . 
 she was momentarily surprised to see the ink slowly emerge from the top , as if it were bubbling over . 
 her eyes narrowed as she let determination take hold of her . 
 as the contents separated from the glass , they began to fade . 
 individual droplets seemed to disappear into thin air . 
 through those narrowed eyes , though , the student was sure she could see them still . 
 `` now cast it over the parchment . 
 will the words to change . '' 
 she did as instructed , moving her arm over the assassin 's document . 
 similar to how the silverthorn ink had faded , the inscriptions upon the page , too , began to disappear . 
 it reshaped itself then , becoming a language adelia was much more accustomed to . 
 `` we did it , '' she said , turning around to face her tutor . 
 an exuberant smile spread her lips . 
 gaston slowly lowered his hand and stepped forward . 
 adelia could see the perspiration on his face . 
 she was unable to focus on his sudden fatigue for long , however . 
 the sage gently lifted the parchment , as if he was worried the new ink might drip from its surface . 
 the sage hummed as he perused the contents of the newly translated text . 
 only a moment later , his jaw dropped . 
 `` interesting , '' he said . 
 though his eyes remained fixed on the parchment , he turned his body toward his student . 
 `` yes , this is quite interesting indeed . 
 according to this , it was never edric that was thoro 's target . 
 er , that would be our would-be assassin . '' 
 `` how is that possible ? '' 
 `` he was after a man who spends a great deal of his time in this keep . 
 our armorer , who supplies the knights of gardone ... that was the target . 
 he was after lydick . '' 
 `` the archer 's father ? '' 
 `` the same , '' gaston insisted . 
 `` thoro was apparently staying at a place called gypsy hollow . '' 
 he looked toward the ceiling then , his brow furling . 
 `` now why does that sound so familiar ? 
 no matter . 
 the note goes on to imply the weapons and armor lydick fashions need to be destroyed . 
 it seems someone wants to make sure the white knights are ill-equipped for battle . '' 
 `` but who would want to do that ? '' 
 again , the sage hummed . 
 he placed the parchment back upon his desk and crossed the room to the opposite piece of furniture . 
 retrieving the vial with the red liquid within , he turned back to his pupil . 
 `` i 'm willing to guess that this is n't poison but a very specific type of acid . '' 
 he uncorked the glass and let the faintest bit drop onto the top of his hand . 
 his student sprang to her feet . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 gaston smiled , holding out his hand . 
 the red liquid remained on his hand but ceased to impress . 
 it did n't bubble , fizzle , or burn . 
 `` now that you 're up , '' the sage began , `` perhaps you would n't mind passing me thoro 's knife ? '' 
 adelia did as requested , taking the vial from her teacher 's hand and giving him the assassin 's weapon instead . 
 gently , the sage dragged the broad side of the knife across his hand . 
 as he went , the drop of crimson disappeared , absorbed by the blade . 
 he lifted it up then , narrowing his eyes at the sight . 
 as adelia inched around , he turned the knife so she could see it better . 
 a deep , dark blemish was upon the metal . 
 he brought up his free hand and pressed on the blade . 
 neither of the magi was surprised to see the tip of the knife crumble and fall to the floor . 
 `` that was just one drop , '' gaston said . 
 `` imagine what you could do with the entire vial ? '' 
 `` who would want to do that ? '' 
 she asked again . 
 gaston set the knife down on his pupil 's desk and absentmindedly brushed one hand over the other . 
 a slight grin curled his lips upward . 
 `` i know i offered you that tea quite a while ago , '' he said . 
 `` how would you feel about postponing it just a bit longer ? '' 
 chapter six : divination with the tea finally within her hands , adelia watched as gaston gathered various components and reagents from the closet in his quarters . 
 she sat upon his bed and had n't realized merlin had stealthily squirmed into the room , taking up position beside her . 
 without thinking about it , she scratched behind his ears with her free hand . 
 `` now , while the old-fashioned way of inquiring about the location of gypsy hollow may be just out of our reach , there are still some alternatives , '' the sage offered , taking a deep breath afterward . 
 he set a table in the center of the room with many arcane symbols etched into its surface , almost looking as though they had been charred into existence . 
 `` there is an art of magic called divination , where the practitioner of the arcane arts can warp the plane of magic to aid their sight . 
 there are a variety of ways that people see as well . 
 some see through time , understanding events of the past more clearly or observing a future that may come to pass . 
 some see across our plane of existence , as if looking through a window . 
 `` as many ways as there are to see , there are scores more ways to imbue our sight , '' he continued . 
 `` geomancers are known to scatter dust or dirt or sand to the wind . 
 i 'm sure you 've heard of tarot cards , and i regret that you 've likely heard of animal sacrifice . '' 
 at the sound of the horrific practice , merlin meowed and hopped from the bed , slinking away from the room . 
 `` as soon as man emerged from beneath the earth , we used the stars to guide our hands and our hearts . 
 the month of our birth has always been assumed to hold deep secrets to our inner psyche . 
 `` scrying with crystal balls and mirrors ; using dowsing rods to find enchanted springs or precious metals ; melting wax into archaic shapes ... these are all supposed to tell us something . 
 why , some even subscribe to the thought that a fit of wine can bring on strange precognitions . 
 just an excuse to get drunk , i say . 
 do n't even begin to bring up the idea of turning to a random page for some grand higher meaning . 
 laziest form of magic i 've ever heard . '' 
 `` master camlann , '' adelia quietly interjected . 
 `` just gaston will do , '' the sage said . 
 `` when i first came to forsynthia , all those years ago , the wildflowers you see were already in their place . 
 that was when i met henrietta . 
 she was n't a practitioner of magic or anything close to the like , but she could divine better than most i knew . 
 she could ... hear the plants , from what she said . 
 if a new plant sprouted and it was n't where it was supposed to be , she could predict the events of the next month without fail . 
 now , one time in particular -- '' the wizard abruptly stopped talking and focused on the young lady . 
 a wave of realization washed over him , and he stood straight . 
 `` oh . 
 right , of course . '' 
 he cleared his throat and set the table more firmly in the center of the room . 
 `` to make a very long story short , not everyone can rely on the same means of divination . 
 `` for myself , i turn to an art called cleromancy , '' he went on . 
 `` by casting certain items into a place of power , i am afforded insight into my questions . 
 you already know my passion for inscription . 
 i 've dictated my life 's story into scores of tomes at great expense to my hands . '' 
 he laughed then , cracking his knuckles slightly as he contemplated that . 
 `` i must admit , despite all of my experience in the subject , i 'm not very skilled in using the arcane arts for any significant information . 
 even then , i 've never been hesitant to try . '' 
 at the back of the table , a small wooden wall had been constructed . 
 a miniscule door had been fashioned there , a round handle just barely discernable . 
 gaston pulled that tiny cabinet open , collecting a leather pouch within before closing the door once more . 
 adelia sipped at her lavender tea , but it had not begun to lull her toward sleep . 
 rather , she looked on with keener eyes , intrigue plainly etched upon her face . 
 she watched as her mentor emptied the contents of the pouch onto the table . 
 a collection of small , wooden cubes rattled out into existence . 
 when they stopped rolling , the young lady was able to see the dark runes etched into each side . 
 `` now then , '' gaston eagerly began , `` why do n't we see what we can discern here ? '' 
 he gathered up the wooden dice in his hands and cast them against the back wall of the table . 
 they were thrust forth without refrain . 
 adelia expected at least a few to come rolling off the other side of the table , but as the cubes tumbled over the etched glyphs on the table , they became firmly rooted in place . 
 beneath them , the grooves began to glow in an otherworldly bluish green . 
 gaston gathered the dice that had not rolled over the outer ring of glyphs . 
 without further explanation , he cast out the dice again , listening to them rattle as they reached the wall and doubled back . 
 once more , those that traveled far were frozen upon the etched glyphs . 
 the sage repeated the gesture a third time . 
 by then , adelia 's brow furled , and she had to struggle to stifle a yawn . 
 she was startled when her mentor abruptly clapped his hands together . 
 `` let 's see what we 've got now , '' gaston said , gathering up those cubes that had not become associated with the markings on the table . 
 he placed those back in the leather pouch , which he set on the center of the table . 
 swirling his arms , gaston caused the sleeves of his robes to sway back and forth . 
 his focus , and that of his pupil , remained on the glyphs , which pulsed an eerie color . 
 faster and faster they flashed , until the ring of the table seemed to glow all at once . 
 the sage abruptly lifted one arm , asserting a path for the magical dweomer . 
 the lights leapt off of the wooden furniture and took to the air , retaining their shape . 
 that strange aura maintained as well , even as the glyphs formed a perfect line . 
 closing his eyes , gaston contorted his outstretched fingers into a fist . 
 the glyphs seemed to compact as well , until he abruptly opened both his eyes and his hand . 
 at once , the light expanded again , and the glyphs formed letters of the common language . 
 `` confound it all ! '' 
 the sage harrumphed . 
 it was not difficult to surmise what he took objection with . 
 adelia quietly snickered when she saw the words his magic had displayed . 
 `` gypsy hollow , '' gaston read aloud . 
 `` i know that already ! '' 
 he grumbled again and turned to his pupil , who failed to completely conceal her smile . 
 the sage 's eyes narrowed and his jaws clenched shut . 
 that sneer only lasted a moment , though . 
 his features softened , and he crossed his arms over his chest . 
 `` you think that 's funny , eh ? '' 
 adelia stared for but a moment and then nodded impishly . 
 gaston sighed and shook his head . 
 `` it is a bit , is n't it ? 
 bah . 
 let it be known , i did warn you . 
 divination has never been a strength of mine . '' 
 `` you do n't have to say anything to me , '' adelia assured . 
 `` the arcane arts in general are not yet a friend of mine . '' 
 `` ah , but they will be , '' he said . 
 as he spoke , the brightened letters in the air dissipated , falling apart like sand blown in the wind . 
 each individual grain faded from existence at a random point in its journey . 
 `` with practice , you could be a great sorceress , i 'm sure . 
 nothing will save my skills in this , '' he said , waving his hands about the table . 
 `` we should get some sleep and come back to this tomorrow with fresh eyes . 
 perhaps someone in town knows the place we 're looking for . '' 
 `` yes , of course , '' adelia agreed . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 the young lady began making her way toward the door to the hall . 
 `` adelia , '' the sage said , gathering her attention . 
 `` i know it has been a spectacular day . 
 they wo n't all be like this , i assure you . 
 but ... you 've handled it well . '' 
 a smile plainly sat upon his bearded face . 
 `` i 'm happy you 've come to hawthorne keep . '' 
 she said nothing but nodded exuberantly . 
 excusing herself , she slipped out into the hallway . 
 a cool draft seemed to press through the keep , a ghastly reminder of the time of night . 
 torchlight led her to her room , but even those flames seemed barely able to stave off the darkness . 
 she hurriedly made her way to the quarters she had been given . 
 the door was left slightly ajar , allowing a meager amount of light to carry inside . 
 adelia was nearly ready to shut the door when she saw a pair of glimmering orbs staring at her from the bed . 
 `` hello , merlin , '' she whispered . 
 the small black cat responded with a minute meow , though the young lady was unable to see his expression . 
 she stepped forward , leaning out of the room and grasping a torch . 
 in mere moments , she used it to light the lone candle she kept on a nightstand beside her bed . 
 adelia yawned , stepping out into the hall once more to replace the torch within its sconce . 
 when she returned to her room , she noticed merlin just finishing up a yawn of his own . 
 the young lady could n't keep herself from laughing then , the sound carrying gently through the keep . 
 a sigh passed her lips , and she sat down on the bed beside the feline . 
 he looked up at her , prompting her to rest her hand upon his neck , scratching behind his ears . 
 adelia looked up then , noticing the teakettle waiting on the nightstand . 
 it was surely cold then , but she reached for it anyway . 
 when she poured the beverage , the scent of lavender wafted more plentifully in the room . 
 she could feel the grasp of slumber . 
 it reached for her mind , but she was able to press it down , until she could only feel its weight upon her shoulders . 
 the teacup was brought to her lips , and she clicked her tongue when she confirmed her earlier assumption . 
 the young lady replaced the teakettle on the nightstand but kept hold of her cup . 
 she watched as the contents swirled around just beneath the black edged rim of the porcelain . 
 another sigh exited her lips , that one of resignation . 
 she looked down at her furry companion . 
 `` what do you say , merlin ? 
 time to turn in for the night ? '' 
 she took another small sip of her tea and leaned forward again , placing the teacup next to the kettle . 
 it bumped into the candlestick , causing it to wobble slightly . 
 the young lady 's eyes went wide and she stopped breathing momentarily . 
 as it rattled back into place , another sigh of relief passed through her lips . 
 she nearly melted into the bed at that point . 
 adelia sat up straighter then , her head turned inquisitively . 
 she rose from the bed , merlin meowing a miniscule protest . 
 reaching the door , the young lady stepped outside , peering down both ends of the hall . 
 when she was content no one was nearby , she slipped back into the room and shut the door . 
 she turned back toward the candle and anxiously approached it , reaching her hand out to the holder . 
 the teacup was in her other hand as she carefully sat upon the floor . 
 the cat upon her bed looked down at her , his yellow eyes wide and curious . 
 `` this is probably a foolish idea , merlin , '' she said . 
 `` but maybe it 's far worse not to try at all . '' 
 breathing out sharply , adelia lifted the candle and turned it on its side . 
 the tallow dripped down , splashing into the teacup . 
 it solidified as it cooled , morphing into a more permanent state . 
 the young lady peered at it with interest , trying to deduce what it meant . 
 after several minutes of patient reflection , the would-be mage shrugged and allowed another drop of wax to fall into the tea . 
 as it rose back to the top , she thought she saw an image in the shape . 
 she leaned forward , bracing herself on the floor . 
 merlin , too , leaned forward , peering down from a little higher . 
 at his vantage , the cat was able to see the look of disappointment on the girl 's face . 
 he sat back and bowed his head , as if in sympathy . 
 adelia lazily continued the failing experiment . 
 as that drop of wax landed within the tea , though , it splashed the liquid out of the cup . 
 she could hear the flame protest as the tea struck it . 
 she moved her hand toward the candle to protect the flame . 
 that fire did not need to be kindled and let her know as much . 
 gasping , the young lady drew her arm back . 
 she cradled her hand as if she had broken it , though the flame had left no lasting mark . 
 merlin hopped down to observe , but she paid him no heed . 
 she was lost within the fire , her eyes drawn to it as surely as if she were a moth . 
 the fire consumed her and the keep , searing the stone around her . 
 it melted like wax , until nothing was left around her but open air . 
 the fire that lingered took to the sky , rolling into a giant orb . 
 it was daylight , and the sun pressed down fiercely upon the fields . 
 adelia had been there before . 
 she recalled the small hills , the unmarred skies . 
 when she turned , she was sure she had seen those woods before . 
 folly 's glen was in front of her , as real as she could imagine . 
 she felt the slight touch on her hand and turned to observe it . 
 a dandelion was beside her , yet its seed head was jet black , surrounding a yellow eye . 
 she bent low , blowing on the weed , scattering the achenes away . 
 the young lady could sense the otherworldly presence . 
 she was not walking of her own choice , yet she could not seem to stop . 
 as she proceeded into the magical forest , she realized she did n't really care for anything else . 
 the cool , magic-filled air lightly brushed against her skin . 
 on that breeze , the aroma of the various floras wafted , just tickling her nose . 
 in the distance , she could see the dancing pillars of light and , shortly after , the roaring plume of fire . 
 the sight of that fire was peculiar , almost like she was looking at paper . 
 everything else seemed so vibrant , so real . 
 her legs kept moving her forward . 
 as she moved on to the southwest , she realized she was not building off of her memories . 
 she had never traveled that far , and what she saw was breathtaking . 
 before her , a large , fuzzy caterpillar crossed from one thicket to another . 
 it was wider than her shoes and rose above her ankle . 
 still , it seemed not to care as she stepped over it , observing the spectacle before her . 
 the caterpillar was not alone in its grand presence . 
 she was in a land of giants . 
 across the clearing , a hare struck its head with its foot . 
 though adelia was far from the lagomorph , she could see that its foot was likely as big as her forearm . 
 that would make for quite the lucky trinket , she thought . 
 as she proceeded through the forest , adelia learned that though the fauna had indeed grown , they were still uneasy around humans . 
 the hare noticed her and immediately gave flight , scattering from its comfortable spot . 
 just as well , the young lady thought . 
 for there , just several dozen feet away from her , a massive cave sat like the maw of some large beast -- the only creature capable of devouring the larger nearby critters in a single bite . 
 red runic marks had been made above the mouth of the cave , and as adelia closed the distance , her vision began to flutter . 
 the runes shifted , until they formed letters of the common alphabet . 
 she knew she had arrived at the area she sought out . 
 `` gypsy hollow , '' she whispered . 
 another breeze passed her ear , and a faint sound was carried upon it . 
 like a bow dragged across a violin , it lingered like a song . 
 adelia waved off the notion and continued into the cave . 
 the taste of some recently cooked creature entered her mouth before she could identify the fire . 
 a powerful plume of smoke rose from it , obscuring the deeper reaches of the cave . 
 the wood was nearly entirely consumed by the flames , yet the blaze burned brightly . 
 adelia looked into the fire , seeing the shapes and faces within . 
 a scream echoed in her ear , and she turned back to the mouth of the cave . 
 she was no longer within gypsy hollow , surrounded instead by fields of green . 
 she could feel the solid weight behind her and turned , seeing the old gnarled tree . 
 it was so familiar , but she knew it to be hundreds of miles away . 
 the young lady could n't remain focused on that for long , for just beyond the tree , she could see the nightmare that had plagued every hopeless evening for the prior year . 
 her home was burning . 
 a feminine scream cried out again and again , the howls piercing adelia 's very soul . 
 she found herself running toward the immolated house and did n't bother to stop as the thatched roof caved in . 
 those shrieks kept coming , a banshee 's wails that adelia would never forget . 
 but when a man 's desperate shouts entered the cacophonous , horrible symphony , the girl could bear no more . 
 her legs buckled , and she sputtered to the ground . 
 the young lady was just before the house , though , the flames stealing away the moisture from her skin . 
 she breathed out , trying to steady herself . 
 adelia found she could not , for a charred arm reached anxiously through a dilapidated window . 
 the girl could not keep from weeping as she reached for her mother 's hand . 
 an immense pain surged through her skin as she neared the flames and the burning flesh . 
 she looked up inquisitively and watched as her mother and her home pulled away from her . 
 the pain would not relent , however . 
 a blinding flash of light was followed by sudden darkness . 
 the only thing adelia could see was a pair of concerned yellow eyes . 
 as her vision began to adjust , she realized the divination had ended . 
 she was once again in her room in hawthorne keep . 
 the candle had burned out , leaving only a faint aroma in its absence . 
 the young lady rose to her feet and opened the door to the hall , letting the torchlight spill into her room . 
 it was then that she noticed the blood on her hand between her thumb and index finger . 
 she narrowed her eyes as she focused on merlin . 
 as she sank to her knees , though , her features softened . 
 the cat eagerly approached her when she reached out her hand . 
 `` thank you for bringing me back , merlin , '' she said . 
 `` i have much to tell master camlann . '' 
 chapter seven : examination a cool breeze whipped by adelia 's face , carrying the scents of folly 's glen past her . 
 her eyes were closed , as if she was trying to summon some arcane power to her bidding . 
 in truth , in that comfortable spot just east of the forest , she was only barely fighting off signs of fatigue . 
 neither she nor gaston had slept much that night , knowing the journey required . 
 `` are we going to go in there , or are you just going to sit here and daydream ? '' 
 the young lady 's eyes fluttered open , and she passed a glance at her companion . 
 trevor was hunched low against the ground , as she was . 
 in that close proximity , she could see his features more clearly than the day before . 
 there was not a proud , arrogant boy sitting before her . 
 the dark-haired , fair-skinned lad was visibly shaken , worried for many reasons . 
 in the morning , gaston had informed adelia of the company she would keep . 
 because the interrogators would be coming to hawthorne keep , the sage would have to stay behind . 
 he chose trevor to go in his place because he wanted to spare the boy from the line of questions -- questions that would have insisted he almost brought death to his father . 
 the journey to folly 's glen had not been easy on him either . 
 he remained silent for most of the trek , and whenever he did speak , it was usually a snide remark or a curt reply . 
 adelia learned quickly that she 'd rather keep her mouth shut than receive any unnecessary abuse . 
 they were not alone . 
 one more companion had joined them , walking up between them and turning toward adelia . 
 merlin lifted his haunches , his tail whipping across trevor 's face . 
 the archer sneered and looked away from the cat 's rump . 
 `` so ? '' 
 he repeated , facing away from adelia . 
 `` are we heading in there or not ? '' 
 `` of course , '' she said , finally rising to her feet . 
 `` i should warn you , though . 
 there are some very ... ponderous things in there . 
 if you do n't go in there with an open mind , your head might explode . '' 
 trevor sat upon his knees , furling his brow in incredulity . 
 `` come on merlin , '' adelia said , paying her other companion no heed . 
 the feline meowed in reply and pranced ahead . 
 `` no . 
 we need n't worry about the dragon , '' she continued . 
 the archer shook his head as he stood and slowly followed in the young lady 's footsteps . 
 when he crossed the threshold into the forest , his forward momentum immediately stopped . 
 `` it 's incredible , is n't it ? '' 
 adelia said , looking back at him with a smile on her face . 
 she did n't afford him much time to dawdle . 
 her path was set out before her , exactly as she recalled from the prior night . 
 gone were the caterpillar and the hare , however . 
 instead , as adelia proceeded into her land of giants , she was surprised to see an enormous owl in one of the lower , sturdier branches of a nearby tree . 
 how easily that owl could snatch up merlin , she thought . 
 always defiant of the dangers around him , the cat bravely pressed forth . 
 they arrived outside of the cave shortly after that . 
 trevor had his bow in hand , an arrow at the ready should they need it . 
 adelia hesitated , though . 
 above the cave , there was no writing , name or otherwise . 
 there was n't even a red smear where the words would have been . 
 `` is this the place ? '' 
 trevor asked . 
 `` it is , '' she said . 
 `` but something is different . '' 
 the archer nocked the arrow to the bow . 
 `` is that a bad thing ? '' 
 `` i 'm not sure , '' adelia admitted . 
 she did n't wait to collect her thoughts or ruminate on the minute changes . 
 she simply plunged into the darkness . 
 no fire burned , leaving shadows upon every wall . 
 their eyes adjusted slowly , but the depths proved to be too strong for them . 
 `` you did n't happen to bring a torch , did you ? '' 
 trevor asked . 
 `` no , '' she replied . 
 `` but i did n't come unprepared . '' 
 she stepped back into the meager light that shone within the cave . 
 falling to her knees , she removed the satchel from her shoulder , placing it on the ground . 
 reaching inside , she removed a tome , and then another , and another , until they were stacked nearly higher than she . 
 trevor 's brow furled as he considered the queer sight . 
 finally , adelia gathered a pile of crinkly old papers beside an old , gnarled cudgel . 
 she sorted through them before she found the one she was searching for . 
 a smile forced its way to her face as she stood . 
 `` could you put those back in there for me ? '' 
 too confused to argue , trevor took her place on the ground . 
 when he opened the satchel , he was surprised to see its depth . 
 it was like opening the way to a giant pit , yet all of the supplies adelia had prepared were right there . 
 the young lady began muttering quietly . 
 the letters on the page shifted and turned until she was able to read it . 
 the formless muttering became more tangible , words that sounded like the common language exiting her lips . 
 suddenly , the cudgel on the floor in front of her began glowing with a blinding white light . 
 both humans averted their eyes , though the spell did gradually begin to dim . 
 trevor finished replacing the tomes and pages in the extra-dimensional satchel . 
 he was eager to rise and see how deep gypsy hollow went . 
 both were surprised to see the cavern twist out of sight before they could witness its end . 
 a grin crept to adelia 's face , for just before that turn , she could see the fire pit , long since burned out . 
 she led the way , though trevor was not eager to follow . 
 as the light trailed away from him , he realized he had no choice . 
 adelia came to a halt at the campfire , scrutinizing it intently . 
 `` why have we stopped ? '' 
 her companion asked . 
 she bent down , looking carefully at a pair of logs that rested on the dirt outside the fire . 
 `` i was just waiting for you . 
 but look at this . '' 
 `` yes , those are logs , '' trevor said . 
 `` i 've seen plenty of them ; they come from trees . '' 
 the young lady shook her head and clicked her tongue . 
 `` that 's not what i meant . 
 look at them . 
 there 's one on either side . '' 
 she stood , a twinkle in her eye . 
 `` i do n't think thoro was alone here . '' 
 grasping his bow ever tighter , trevor breathed out a quiet sigh . 
 `` do you think he 's here now ? '' 
 he whispered . 
 adelia looked deeper into the cave . 
 `` i do n't think so . 
 he 'd have heard our approach and taken us off-guard . 
 come on . 
 we came here for answers , not more mysteries . '' 
 they proceeded deeper into gypsy hollow , merlin 's yellow eyes shining back at them every so often . 
 the cat proudly paced at the end of the cave , where a wide clearing had been made . 
 a table sat nearby one wall , that portion of the earth raised just slightly to overlook the rest of the area . 
 the black feline alerted his human companions to the large mahogany chest that sat behind him . 
 `` there we go , '' trevor said . 
 he rushed to the box , intent on finding any evidence readily available . 
 adelia was not so anxious to see that . 
 her attention was drawn toward the table and the strange device upon it . 
 she walked up the ridge , coming to a rest just at the table 's side . 
 the chest opened with a hearty crack . 
 most of its contents had been removed , but some weaponry and a cloak still remained . 
 trevor set each aside , looking to see if there were any hidden treasures within obscured by the equipment . 
 merlin stood on his hind legs , peeking inside as well . 
 adelia 's hand hovered just above the odd device . 
 a perfectly round pan lay on the table , covered with sand . 
 a long metal rod was fixed to its side so that it sat taller than the pan 's diameter . 
 at the top of that rod , an arm was fashioned , which dangled a length of string . 
 that string was tied around a beautiful crystal , the end sharpened like an arrowhead . 
 symbols had been drawn into the sand , looking like an archaic message of sorts . 
 trevor growled then . 
 `` there 's nothing here . 
 just a few swords and a worthless cloak . 
 we came here for nothing . '' 
 `` put what you found in the satchel , and then bring it to me , '' the young lady said . 
 he obliged but could n't suppress a scowl . 
 `` and are you faring any better up there ? '' 
 `` maybe , '' she said . 
 `` whoever we 're dealing with , i do n't think they knew who they were after . 
 thoro did n't know the difference between your father and edric . 
 they may have only been given names . 
 `` their numbers might be greater than i thought as well , '' adelia continued . 
 `` that chest is much too big for two people to carry alone , especially if it was filled to the brim with weapons . '' 
 `` if there are more , then we risk much by being here , '' trevor said , setting the satchel down on the table . 
 though it was n't heavy , due to its magical properties , the way he dropped it caused the furniture to wobble . 
 `` careful , '' adelia scolded . 
 `` what , you 're worried i 'll mess up their sand ? '' 
 he sneered . 
 `` as a matter of fact , yes . 
 the patterns on this might be important . 
 i ca n't read them , but there 's a good chance gaston can or he knows someone who will be able to help us . '' 
 she opened up the satchel , looking for items inside . 
 `` you really think some drawings in the sand are going to help us at all ? '' 
 `` looking into a flame was what brought us here , '' she insisted . 
 the young lady produced a large tome with many blank pages within . 
 she also acquired a quill and some ink , setting them all down before her . 
 `` now do n't distract me . 
 i want to try and copy this as accurately as possible . '' 
 `` just as well , '' trevor said . 
 `` i have n't seen that silly little cat of yours in a while . 
 i do n't want your wizard friend to turn me into a toad . '' 
 as he went off in search of merlin , adelia began carefully sketching the appearance of the sand . 
 she tried to capture the sense of height in some places , but when she was finished , the page simply looked like it was covered in scribbles . 
 `` this will have to do , '' she said . 
 she heard the wind whipping past the entrance to the cave and nodded at her previous sentiment . 
 after filling the satchel once more , she turned to follow after trevor and find merlin . 
 adelia continued out of the cave . 
 the archer waited just outside . 
 `` he does n't seem to like me much , '' trevor offered . 
 `` he 's right over there . 
 i did n't want to spook him . '' 
 the man pointed south and led adelia 's gaze to the small black cat that sat comfortably within the clearing . 
 she smiled and began her approach . 
 she heard the wind again . 
 no , not the wind , she realized . 
 it was like the buffeting of wings . 
 adelia swallowed hard as she expected a giant owl to swoop in on the lone feline . 
 both humans nearly leapt from their bodies when the huge black dragon crashed through the forest canopy . 
 merlin 's limbs stiffened , and his hairs stood up on end . 
 the scaled tyrant landed just several feet from the cat . 
 a loud roar emerged from that beast , its monstrous maw coming fully into view . 
 adelia could feel all the oxygen fleeing from her lungs . 
 she was reminded of gaston 's description of the creature and its awful temperament . 
 `` i knew when i last met you , i should have killed you , '' the dragon spoke . 
 despite that shock , the young mage merely locked her jaw , trying to fight the sudden moisture in her eyes . 
 to her side , trevor fell forward , spilling onto the ground . 
 a snarl separated the black dragon 's scaled lips once more . 
 merlin began to slink away , but the monster was not caught unaware . 
 it stepped forward , dipping low , bringing that horrid mouth full of daggers down toward the cat . 
 a bolt of pure energy struck the beast then , sending those jaws chattering shut . 
 the dragon whipped its head back and forth , trying to rid itself of the shock . 
 as the pain subsided , the tyrant 's vision settled upon the caster . 
 adelia stood with her arm outstretched , in awe of the lack of damage her spell had produced . 
 with another roar , the dragon charged forward . 
 the young lady wasted little time , turning fast and running east . 
 though the brush was thick , adelia did little to complain . 
 brambles and thorns scratched her skin and tore her clothes , but she knew the alternative . 
 she kept running , pressing past the powerful grip of the forest . 
 she nearly fainted when she saw the giant green eye just in front of her , on the outset of the brush . 
 the dragon quickly whipped its head around , breathing in deeply . 
 the young lady threw herself to the side , flattening a bush beneath her . 
 the sound of a gusting wind resounded behind her . 
 as she turned , she realized the truth of that noise . 
 an emerald substance sizzled against the brush , disintegrating it as it fell . 
 the dragon stuffed his muzzle into the brush , trying to find its prey . 
 it scoured too long , though . 
 the acid spit that lingered higher up struck the scales around the monster 's maw . 
 it pulled away , grunting in pain . 
 adelia crawled desperately out of the thicket . 
 she rose to her feet immediately and began sprinting . 
 every few moments , she looked over her shoulder , her focus on the massive creature that still searched for her in the brush . 
 it sat up then , breathing in the scent of terror . 
 the young mage watched as its neck whipped around . 
 she had been noticed . 
 the dragon 's ferocious stomps echoed throughout the forest , nearing her with every breath . 
 adelia dared not turn around again , fearful of what she might see . 
 neither could she run , however . 
 she sputtered to a stop , just before the swamp . 
 she could hear the quiet gasps between the tempo of the dragon 's percussion . 
 her breaths had ceased to work . 
 briefly , she brought her foot over the vile green liquid . 
 unable to bring herself forward , she ventured another glance . 
 with its mouth agape , the tyrant charged forth . 
 it snapped out at the girl , but she was no longer there . 
 adelia had found the strength to continue . 
 she leapt away from the dragon 's powerfully snapping jaws and resumed her sprint . 
 as she proceeded around the perimeter of the swamp , she heard a roar in protest . 
 two of the dragon 's legs were caught by the firm grip of the bog . 
 she hesitated , watching the tyrant struggle . 
 it was not left to labor long , though . 
 with its free limbs , the dragon lifted its body out of the swamp . 
 the young lady resumed her hasty flight . 
 she could hear the beating of heavy wings and knew she was not alone in that distinction . 
 she sped toward the east , where she had first entered folly 's glen the day before . 
 the melodiously dancing lumibugs could be seen , continuing their endless choreography . 
 adelia lowered her head and raced in that direction . 
 just behind her , the black dragon was quick to follow . 
 the mage could feel the monster 's immense weight shake the ground and could hear its rapid approach . 
 there was no apprehension in her when she entered the lumibugs ' mating area . 
 she could hear the telltale click and saw the multicolored insects spin into place . 
 adelia pivoted on her heel , following them in their dance . 
 the dragon cared not for the queer display . 
 it charged forth , hungering for what had so eluded him . 
 a pillar of fire rushed forth from the ground . 
 the tyrant drew back , for that noise sounded so much like the sudden breath of other dragons . 
 it could n't avoid that instantaneous blaze , however . 
 flames licked at the scales on its chest , inducing a loud roar of painful protest . 
 the monster stepped back , seething as wisps of smoke rose from its scales . 
 it could not locate its prey then . 
 the girl had mysteriously vanished . 
 adelia tried to steady herself , but her breaths shook her too fiercely . 
 every few moments , she pressed her hand against the tree that shielded her from the dragon 's view , verifying its steady trunk was still there . 
 she felt the firm grip upon her shoulder then and let fly a loud scream . 
 a hand muzzled that protest , and she saw a black object fall to the ground . 
 trevor was before her , subtly nodding his head . 
 `` it 's time to leave , '' he insisted . 
 the young lady ventured a glance to the ground , noticing the panicked feline . 
 she swallowed hard as she noticed the fear in her companion 's eyes as well . 
 adelia began shaking her head . 
 `` what do you mean , no ? '' 
 he whispered . 
 `` if we take to the plains , we 're in plain sight . 
 we 'll never make it back to forsynthia . '' 
 `` then what would you have us do ? '' 
 trevor asked . 
 `` slay a dragon ? '' 
 she took one last breath , steadying herself . 
 `` i have an idea . '' 
 his nostrils flared with every step he took out of the thicket . 
 the dragon 's odor was offensive , the smell of its acid bile thick in its mouth . 
 scouring the glen , the mighty black tyrant snorted and snarled and flapped its wings as if ready to take to the air . 
 trevor stepped forward , narrowing his eye . 
 he took aim , saying a silent prayer . 
 then he let his arrow fly . 
 the missile shrieked forth , snapping into place beneath the dragon 's right wing . 
 at once , the monster stopped its search , its neck whipping around to see what would dare to attack him . 
 it watched as the human ran around the perimeter of the glen , nearly against the mountainside . 
 gasping for air , the man 's skin became flushed . 
 sweat marred his brow and he could feel his head going dark . 
 the dragon collided into the rock wall behind him , an angry growl parting his scaly lips . 
 trevor tossed his bow into the air , the weapon bouncing against the black tyrant 's face . 
 if the creature was affected at all , it did n't show it . 
 even though he ran as fast as he could , the man could feel the hot breaths of his predator upon his neck . 
 his heart fluttered then at the sight of reprieve . 
 for there , standing at the ready , was adelia . 
 snapping forward , the dragon tried to swallow the human . 
 with adrenaline pumping furiously through his veins , trevor outpaced his pursuer . 
 a stark bolt of lightning zapped into the dragon 's side and then into its face . 
 the sudden jolt sent it teetering into the mountainside . 
 that pain did not linger , however . 
 it turned to see its aggressor , noticing the petite blonde just to the southwest . 
 adelia stood within a field of mist . 
 it rose up from the ground , obscuring the terrain . 
 the dragon cared not . 
 snarling , it charged forth . 
 its growl was so loud it did not hear the cacophonous crack of the ice beneath its feet . 
 it surely felt the ice give way . 
 a roar of surprise affronted the mage then . 
 the dragon , in all its rage , had fallen for her trap and fallen into the swamp . 
 firmly rooted , the tyrant could not resume its pursuit . 
 it snarled in protest . 
 as its prey confidently turned her back on it , that snarl grew even fiercer . 
 all at once , it stopped . 
 a loud gasp was heard instead . 
 `` adelia ! '' 
 trevor warned . 
 she was already in motion . 
 the young mage turned , heaving a small glass vial toward the dragon as a gob of acid spit launched forth , aimed at the proud human . 
 the glass shattered as an explosion consumed the vial . 
 as the detonation blasted outward , the acid was thrust back , landing upon the dragon 's face and coating its lower jaw . 
 trapped in the swamp as it was , the tyrant could do little to rid itself of the caustic substance . 
 an angry roar gave way to a desperate howl . 
 the beast whipped its head back and forth , but the acid sizzled upon its face until it had consumed its beautiful ebon scales . 
 finally , the pain subsided . 
 as the furious crimson faded from the dragon 's vision , he was left with the truth of the situation . 
 his prey had disappeared . 
 one last roar echoed throughout the glen . 
 `` i will scour the world until i find you ! '' 
 the tyrant promised . 
 `` one day , you will rot between my teeth ! '' 
 the swamp bubbled and belched , alerting the beast that his promise was hollow indeed . 
 they still sprinted forth , for that fearsome creature 's threat seemed as close as the gentle breeze . 
 folly 's glen was far behind them , though , and adelia 's pace slowed considerably . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 trevor asked . 
 a subtle grin crept to the girl 's face . 
 `` today was the first day of my life where i did everything right . '' 
 she looked to the sky , noticing the attractive cobalt tincture , and that grin evolved into a smile . 
 she was surprised to hear his meager sigh , then . 
 `` i 've got to admit , '' he said . 
 `` you were pretty incredible . 
 you did n't seem scared for a moment . '' 
 `` i was terrified , '' she insisted . 
 `` but when i saw clearly -- when i really opened my eyes -- i could see everything i needed to do . '' 
 `` well , maybe you can see to us getting home soon , '' trevor said . 
 `` i do n't trust that the dragon will be stuck for long . 
 adelia swung her satchel forward , opening the flap . 
 `` something makes me think we 're going to be all right . '' 
 she reached inside , her entire arm disappearing within . 
 `` what do you think , merlin ? '' 
 as she asked the question , she pulled the feline out by the scruff of his neck , eliciting a halfhearted meow in reply . 
 the black cat landed upon the ground on his feet , immediately licking his paw as though too much of the world had been cast upon it . 
 she replaced the strap of the satchel on her shoulder and started forward again . 
 `` come on , boys , '' she said . 
 `` let 's go home . '' 
 chapter eight : mageborn a knock on the door gently made its way into the sage 's mind . 
 he placed the quill down beside the large tome and rose from his seat . 
 `` come in , '' gaston said . 
 adelia stepped inside the room , a smile wide upon her face . 
 `` ah , i had heard of your return , '' gaston said . 
 when she arched her eyebrow , he stepped aside , drawing her attention to the bluebird sitting on the windowsill . 
 `` when i say a little bird told me , you can be sure i 'm serious . '' 
 `` so you have been keeping an eye on me , '' she insisted . 
 `` young lady , i have quite a few spies , both furry and feathered , '' the sage quipped . 
 `` homer watched over your journey , and thus , i know about your encounter . '' 
 `` with the dragon ? '' 
 `` that 's right . 
 i know how you escaped the fearsome creature . 
 i know how you utilized the knowledge you 've gained in these last few days to facilitate such an escape . '' 
 `` ah , but i doubt your little bird ventured into the cave , '' adelia challenged . 
 `` i 'll bet i still have a couple surprises for you . '' 
 she swung the satchel around , placing it upon his desk . 
 `` i do n't know how useful either of these could be , but i collected them both . '' 
 she placed the dark cloak upon the desk and gently laid the page of scribbles down atop it . 
 `` these are sketches of some kind of device . 
 symbols were drawn into the sand . '' 
 `` these are wonderful , '' the sage insisted . 
 `` they 'll help immensely in thoro 's investigation . 
 but i ca n't say i 'm surprised , exactly . '' 
 adelia turned her head and arched one of her eyebrows . 
 `` i expected no less from you . 
 i did n't have you brought to forsynthia simply so i could teach you the ways of the wizard and send you off , back into the world . 
 nor did i bring you here just to study your innate abilities . 
 rather , it is a combination of the two that had me insistent upon summoning you here . 
 `` you see , '' he continued , `` you are already well on your way to becoming a great sorceress . 
 you were born with the power of the mage flowing through your veins . 
 i need that power . 
 that mentality . 
 as you can tell , i 'm no longer a spring peach . '' 
 he sighed , looking out the window , as if his youth was out there somewhere . 
 `` more like a fuzzy plum , '' adelia teased . 
 with narrowed eyes and a wrinkly grin , the sage turned to the young lady . 
 `` that will be enough of the analogies , '' he said , though his voice carried some merriment . 
 `` i brought you here to be more than just a student of the arcane arts . 
 in my old age , i need someone who can take on my work and help me to establish my legacy . 
 i 'd like you to be my apprentice , adelia . '' 
 as the words washed over the young lady , her eyes continued to sparkle brilliantly . 
 her smile brightened , and she began to nod . 
 `` i would be delighted to be your apprentice . 
 these past few days have been very enlightening , and i 'm sure you have an excess of skills and trades to show me . '' 
 `` it does my old heart well to hear you say that , '' the wizened wizard said . 
 `` now , if you 'll have a seat at your desk , i 'll show you -- '' `` i beg your pardon , gaston , '' she interrupted . 
 `` just gaston will ... '' he began to say . 
 when her words finally resonated in his mind , he could not hide his upturned lips . 
 `` i beg your pardon , '' adelia repeated . 
 `` though these past few days have been ... entertaining in their own way , they 've also been exhausting . 
 as my first order of business as your apprentice , i 'll be assisting you in giving me the rest of the day off . 
 besides , i have a date . '' 
 he stepped back , opening his eyes wide and allowing his lips to droop . 
 `` a date ? '' 
 merlin pushed his way through the door , happily spinning around his master 's new apprentice . 
 he gleefully rubbed against the mage 's ankle . 
 `` we 're going to chase butterflies at the wildflower fields , '' adelia insisted . 
 gaston chortled , shaking his head . 
 `` go , child . 
 the gods know you deserve some respite . '' 
 she bowed , the smile still etched upon her face . 
 as she began to take her leave , merlin just beside her , gaston took a single step forward . 
 `` adelia , '' he called out . 
 she popped her head back in through the doorway . 
 `` hmm ? '' 
 the sage looked at her , as if ruminating on the most delicate of questions . 
 `` a fuzzy plum , eh ? '' 
 shrugging , she grinned mischievously . 
 `` better that than an old raisin . '' 
 giggling to herself , the young lady stepped back and carefully shut the door . 
 gaston sighed and turned toward his desk . 
 he slowly sank into his chair , inching forward so that he was just in front of his tome once more . 
 he picked up the quill but set it down once more , looking toward the bluebird on the windowsill . 
 `` well , homer , '' he said . 
 `` she 's picking things up much quicker than i expected . 
 still , she 'll need looking after . 
 whatever happened before viscosa , she has n't forgotten yet . 
 she likely never will . 
 `` but if i can continue to challenge her , '' he continued . 
 `` if i can push her to the boundaries of what she 's capable of , maybe i can prepare her to deal with that pain . '' 
 `` she 'll be fine , '' the bluebird abruptly replied . 
 `` after all , i 'm sure you 've still got plenty of surprises in store for the girl . '' 
 gaston smiled . 
 `` right you are , old friend . 
 and she 's likely got some for me as well . '' 
 he sighed once more . 
 `` ah , to be young again . '' 
 * * * * * a few stray rays of sunlight snuck past the evening clouds from the west . 
 the bluebird was no longer present , for gaston chose new company to share his time with . 
 `` the way things are going , thoro will probably be dead in a week 's time , '' edric said . 
 `` there 's no sense keeping him alive if he can offer us nothing . 
 besides , you know where the white knights stand on the subject of assassination . '' 
 `` ultimately , it will be the magistrate 's decision , '' gaston offered . 
 `` and he usually moves toward whatever side can make him more money . '' 
 `` you think he 'll hold thoro as a ransom hostage ? 
 but we do n't even know where he 's from . '' 
 `` ah , but you see , that 's where you 're wrong , '' gaston challenged . 
 he reached toward his desk , procuring the black garment there . 
 without warning , he tossed it to his friend . 
 `` tomorrow , you and i shall begin our own investigation . '' 
 edric unfolded the cloak , noticing the golden trim upon it , framing the similarly colored golden wing emblazoned upon its center . 
 `` thoro is from ippius , '' edric said . 
 `` and i suspect the same of his associates , '' gaston replied . 
 `` the only question is why would they want to cripple the white knights ? '' 
 `` we 've made enemies over the years for certain , '' edric offered . 
 `` but i do n't think we 've ever crossed paths with anyone of any importance from ippius . '' 
 `` either way , i 'm sure there will be more information to come in the weeks and months to follow . 
 i 've sent word to many of my associates . 
 even the unscrupulous ones . 
 there are still some pieces of the puzzle that do n't fit into place . '' 
 `` you 're lucky you found any of the pieces at all . '' 
 gaston flashed his friend a telling grin . 
 `` you know i ca n't take credit for this . '' 
 `` you 're right , '' edric said . 
 `` you are . 
 i would have never guessed it , but she turned out to be well worth your attention . '' 
 `` i awarded her accordingly , '' the sage admitted . 
 `` i 've made her my apprentice . '' 
 edric 's eyes opened wide , and his jaw dropped . 
 `` you 've never taken on an apprentice . '' 
 `` alas , i can feel these old bones creaking more and more , '' gaston said , sighing . 
 `` i fear my adventuring days may be long behind me . '' 
 `` and this girl is to be your legacy ? '' 
 the old wizard chortled at that notion . 
 `` i have my books for that . '' 
 `` an understated fact , '' edric conceded . 
 `` i hear they 're building a library in atalatha that has a wing dedicated just to your works . '' 
 `` a sight to see , i 'm sure , '' gaston said . 
 he sighed and looked out the window , watching the sky grow darker . 
 `` no , adelia would be a much greater benefit to this cold , dark place . 
 if she 's anything like her grandfather , she 'll be just fine . '' 
 `` if you have faith in her , so do i. '' the old sage nodded enthusiastically . 
 `` someday , adelia kreegan is going to change the world . '' 
 afterword i wanted to take this opportunity to thank you , the reader , for taking this journey with me . 
 tellest is a magnificent world , but it would n't be so without you . 
 as you can likely guess , this is n't the end of the story . 
 to find more information about the world of tellest , please visit www.tellest.com for sneak peeks , our newsletter and supplementary information . 
