 license notes princess : nuance of love copyright © 2015 evida suntoyo cover photo by vienna gallery all rights reserved published by indo romance bogotá , colombia all rights reserved . 
 without limiting the rights under copyright reserved above , no part of this publication may be reproduced , stored in or introduced into a retrieval system , or transmitted , in any form , or by any means -lrb- electronic , mechanical , photocopying , recording , or otherwise -rrb- without the prior written permission of the copyright owner . 
 this is a work of fiction . 
 names , characters , businesses , places , events and incidents are either the products of the author 's imagination or used in a fictitious manner . 
 any resemblance to actual persons , living or dead , or actual events is purely coincidental . 
 contents author 's note chapter one chapter two chapter three chapter four chapter five chapter six chapter seven chapter eight chapter nine chapter ten chapter eleven chapter twelve chapter thirteen chapter fourteen chapter fifteen chapter sixteen chapter seventeen chapter eighteen chapter nineteen chapter twenty chapter twenty one chapter twenty two chapter twenty three chapter twenty four chapter twenty five chapter twenty six chapter twenty seven chapter twenty eight chapter twenty nine chapter thirty chapter thirty one chapter thirty two chapter thirty three chapter thirty four chapter thirty five chapter thirty six chapter thirty seven glossary about me connect with evida suntoyo author 's note map of the melayu realm this story is pure fiction but ... ... . . 
 the novel is inspired by the many kingdoms in the melayu realm . 
 home of the melayu people spans between the malay peninsula , the island of sumatera , the island of borneo , the island of java and many small islands in between . 
 this territory was historically ruled by the various sultanates in the maritime south east asia . 
 currently there are several monarchies throughout the melayu realm , some are independent countries like malaysia and brunei darussalam , and others are cultural heritage sanctioned by the indonesian government . 
 this story is set in the fictional independent sultanate of jothar . 
 i have mixed many melayu subcultures for the royal titles and customs described in the story , predominantly from the javanese subculture from which i hail . 
 the cover photo is of a couple wearing a contemporary melayu wedding costume . 
 the photo is a courtesy of vienna gallery , jakarta indonesia . 
 the number one expert in traditional wedding makeup and decoration . 
 the background photo is the palace of the siak sultanate in riau , sumatera , indonesia . 
 a sultanate that was disintegrated in 1945 when it was absorbed by the republic of indonesia . 
 chapter one `` father , i do n't want to marry yet , '' said hafiz with a protesting tone , `` i 'm too young , and i have things that i want to do . 
 i do n't want to marry paramita , she 's weird , and she hates me . '' 
 `` hafiz , how can you say such a thing , her highness puteri -lsb- 1 -rsb- paramita is the daughter of his majesty sultan abdul kadir . 
 i ca n't believe such a remark coming from my very own son ! '' 
 raden -lsb- 2 -rsb- hamza scolded him . 
 `` what was the point of studying in britain if i have to marry at this age ? 
 it 's almost the same as dying young . '' 
 `` do n't say such inauspicious things '' his father exclaimed , `` this marriage is very important for both families . '' 
 `` why me ? 
 why not my brother , he is the oldest son , should n't he marry first ? '' 
 `` he has a long-term girlfriend . '' 
 `` why is my brother allowed to choose the woman he loves but not me ? '' 
 `` hafiz , you know very well why ! 
 you marrying into the royal family is your mother 's dream , and besides in my opinion since his mother is a foreign woman , some people will see him not fit to marry the sultan 's daughter . '' 
 his voice shaken as he said this . 
 `` though a foreign woman , but his mother was a descendant of an arabian royal family , unlike my mother who is just a merchant 's daughter . 
 i do n't see anything that would make him not worthy of marrying the princess . '' 
 hafiz exclaimed , '' i know that you prefer him more than me , that 's why you are sacrificing me instead of him . '' 
 `` you ungrateful son , how dare you talk to me like that ! '' 
 raden hamza raised his voice , he was clenching his hands so hard that his nail dug into the palm of his hands . 
 without a warning the door burst opened , raden nabilla , his wife walked over to him , she touched his shoulder with gentleness to comfort him . 
 `` that 's enough , you 're upsetting your father , hafiz ! '' 
 she scold . 
 `` go to your room , we can talk about this later ! '' 
 hafiz stood and exited the study , as raden hamza sat on his favorite chair , his wife stood by him and caressed his back , she picked the bell off the coffee table , and a maid came into the room . 
 `` maya , please get raden a cup of warm water and bring me his medicine . '' 
 she turned to her husband , `` my dear , you should n`t let yourself get too excited , you should really take more care of your health . '' 
 `` did n't you hear how he spoke to me ? 
 i ca n't understand how a person with a high education like him can act so insolently and disrespectful to his elders . '' 
 `` please be more patient with him , you should try to understand him more . 
 he is from a different generation than you and me , young people today , do not want to marry by arranged marriage , they want to go and find their own spouses . '' 
 `` what are you blubbering about , woman ? 
 it was you who insisted on having your son engaged to the princess , and now you come and tell me this nonsense ? '' 
 `` i was only stating the facts , i am not giving my opinion . 
 besides , this is a decision that we both made , we have to stand true to it . 
 but , we also should understand what our son is thinking and feeling . 
 we can not force him into this marriage , but we can certainly convince him to believe that it is the best decision . '' 
 raden hamza sighed , `` i do n't know why he hates the princess , and apparently there was a problem between them , when they were in london . '' 
 `` what happened ? 
 what did he say ? '' 
 `` he did n't tell me anything , he said that her highness puteri paramita made it her purpose in life to annoy and embarrass him , that 's all , '' raden hamza said with a sigh . 
 `` oh my , what should we do ? '' 
 raden nabilla worried seeing her son 's behavior . 
 `` i will tell ali to talk to him , maybe he can find out what really happened , and convince him to marry the princess , hafiz respects and trusts his older brother very much . '' 
 `` yes , you 're right , let 's do that , i think that 's the right approach too . '' 
 she had finished talking when maya entered with the medicine and cup of water , she bowed in respect to them , kneeled and put the tray on the table . 
 `` maya , '' said raden nabilla , `` do you know if ali has returned ? '' 
 `` he has my lady , '' replied maya , `` he is outside in the garden caring for his bonsai plants . '' 
 `` can you please tell him to come here ? 
 tell him that his father wants to talk to him ! '' 
 raden nabilla ordered . 
 as maya walked out , she reached for the water and handed it to raden hamza , she took the medicine and gave it to him . 
 `` here , take this . '' 
 raden hamza took the medicine from his wife without hesitation and drank it with water , he paused for a while , as though trying to feel any effect of the medicine . 
 `` until when do i have to keep taking that bothersome thing ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` until the doctor tells you so . '' 
 replied his wife . 
 `` besides , you would n't have such a high blood pressure if you learn to control your temper . '' 
 raden hamza glanced at her without saying anything . 
 they heard a tap on the door , ali stood in the doorway , smiling at them . 
 `` did you want to see me , father ? '' 
 `` ali please come in and close the door , there is something that we need your help with . 
 come in , sit here next to us . '' 
 replied raden nabilla . 
 after closing the door , ali walked over like he was told and sat on a seat . 
 `` how can i help you , mother ? '' 
 `` your father and i are worrying about your brother . '' 
 said raden nabilla . 
 `` as you know , we have agreed with our king , his majesty sultan abdul kadir to engage one of our sons to his daughter , her highness puteri paramita , and as you also know , between your father and myself , we have decided that it would be hafiz , who will marry her . 
 but he has refused this arrangement , and he even told your father that the princess hates him . 
 he made your father very upset . '' 
 ali listened attentively , he turned to look at his father . 
 `` how are you feeling now , father , are you okay ? '' 
 he asked a hint of worry was present in his voice . 
 raden hamza took a deep breath and said , `` of course i am , it was because your brother was surprisingly insolent and rude to me that it took me by surprise . 
 i do agree with your mother though , we must first understand what happened between them in the past , so we can solve this issue and move forward with the marriage . '' 
 `` i understand , father , mother . 
 i will talk to him , but i have to warn you if he is being headstrong , it might take me some time to solve this matter . 
 i do n't want to come on him too strongly , because if he is up to the point where he is confronting father , maybe it is n't so simple after all the last thing , we want to do , is to create a family conflict . '' 
 `` i agree with you , ali . '' 
 smiled raden hamza , `` i trust that you will use your best judgment to solve this problem . 
 you know this marriage is very important for me and my second cousin . 
 more importantly , this marriage will make sure that the monarchy will stay safe , and in the hands of jothar 's own royal lineage , as we are descendants of jothar 's royal family . 
 since our sultan has only one son crown prince pangeran abdurrahman , and his three daughters from his wives are married to princes from the sultanates in malaysia , his brother pangeran bashir is sickly and does n't have any heirs . 
 it makes perfect sense that his majesty the sultan wants a relative to marry his only maiden daughter and make his son-in-law as the second in line to the throne . '' 
 `` yes father , i will make sure that my brother will understand this . '' 
 he said . 
 without a warning raden nabilla beamed up , `` have you spoken to dewi about your wedding plans yet ? '' 
 ali smiled from ear to ear , `` not yet mother , but i have hinted to her that our family would like to visit her family in jakarta . '' 
 `` oh really ? '' 
 raden nabilla 's tone showed delight , `` that 's excellent , and how did she take it ? 
 was she happy ? '' 
 yes she was , she was both touched and excited . '' 
 he replied cautiously . 
 `` i 'm m happy that you found the person you would like to settle down with . '' 
 his father cut in . 
 `` dewi is a great person , and she comes from a distinguished family , the one thing i want you to do is make it clear to her that i do n't want her to continue her career as a singer once she marries to you . 
 i do n't want to hear any bad rumors that come with her line of work as a celebrity . '' 
 `` yes father , i have told her that some time ago , and she agreed to it . '' 
 `` i 'm so happy for you , '' sighed raden nabilla , `` i ca n't wait to have our grandchildren running around this house . 
 this house has been quiet and dull ever since you and hafiz grown up as adult men . 
 especially when the two of you were studying abroad , i felt like i would go crazy with boredom . '' 
 `` is that so ? '' 
 said raden hamza , '' i could n't say the same , it was the opposite for me . 
 as i had to listen to you nagging me all day , every day . '' 
 `` abang , stop teasing me ... . 
 `` replied raden nabila with a coquettish voice . 
 `` i should take my leave . '' 
 smiled ali , `` it looks like my presence here is no longer needed , in fact , i 'm a third wheel . '' 
 `` oh hush . '' 
 she blushed . 
 * * * ali walked out of the study , his mind was busy planning strategies on how to talk to hafiz . 
 although his brother looked up to him and would readily open up to him , but ali felt that this problem was a bit bigger than the usual quarrels that his brother would usually ask his advice about . 
 he felt that he ca n't win this battle with one attack , but then again confronting hafiz directly might be beneficial . 
 that way he can understand his brother 's reasoning and worries . 
 as ali had though , hafiz was in the television room , watching the sports channel . 
 ali came in and sat next to him in the couch . 
 `` did mother tell you to talk to me ? '' 
 hafiz asked without taking his eyes off the tv set . 
 `` i 'm planning to travel to france june next year to watch the world cup , '' said ali diverting the situation , `` what do you think if we go together . '' 
 hafiz looked up and smiled a little , `` you do n't have to ask me , of course , i 'm going . '' 
 with a very wide smile , ali stretched out his arms and tossed hafiz 's hair lovingly . 
 `` okay , that 's great , i know some good restaurants that we should go to while we 're there . '' 
 `` it 's funny how , for all the years i lived in london i did n't get the chance to visit france , '' hafiz said while reflecting , `` it never crossed my mind . 
 some of my friends took the opportunity to travel across europe by train , thinking back , i should have done the same . '' 
 ali saw the opportunity to bring up the subject , `` friends ? 
 did that include her highness puteri paramita ? '' 
 hafiz glanced at him through the side of his eyes , `` as a matter of fact , it did . 
 she was one of the organizers of the european tour for the international students association , of course when she was still a commoner as the sultan had n't recognized her as his daughter yet . '' 
 `` so you did n't go on the trip because she was part of it ? '' 
 ali asked with genuine curiosity . 
 `` no , i was busy with other interesting things . 
 but at that time she was n't mean to me , she was cool and friendly . 
 and at that time she used to help me a lot . '' 
 hafiz sighed . 
 `` then what happened ? 
 why did things change ? 
 why do you hate her ? '' 
 hafiz shrugged his shoulder , `` i do n't hate her . 
 i did n't understand why things changed , '' he paused for a minute , `` one day she started to ignore me , and she would nitpick my faults , but the icing of the cake was when she ... `` he suddenly stopped and looked at ali , `` never mind ... the point is that what she did was mean and i ca n't forget or forgive , also anybody that was there that day , would n't allow me to forget about it . 
 i was the biggest joke around campus . 
 even till now , at alumni reunions , they still laugh about it . '' 
 `` hmm , that bad huh ? '' 
 ali sighed . 
 he still was n't all that convinced , what a girl like her highness puteri paramita could trick him to do that was so bad . 
 she was known among the elite society for being a simple and proper woman , even though she was n't raised in the royal household . 
 she never attended any social gatherings that were not state affairs , and she never hanged out socially with any of the other royal family members . 
 it 's kind of difficult to imagine a person like that being a weirdo like his brother described . 
 `` is she that ugly ? 
 like what they say in the newspapers ? 
 you know i remember her from when she was a little girl , father took me to stay at their house once . 
 she was a snotty , round , spoiled brat . '' 
 ali said . 
 hafiz looked up at him , '' of course not . 
 well , when i saw her she was always dressed in strange clothes , she used to be nicknamed the flower girl , because all her clothes had flower stamped patterns , and she would always tie her hair in a ponytail too , but she is pretty . 
 naturally , she 's the daughter of an ex miss jothar , there 's no way she would be as ugly as how she was described by the media . 
 actually , it was she that started the gossip ! '' 
 `` who ? 
 her highness puteri paramita ? '' 
 `` i read somewhere recently , that she paid off some gossip columnist to write the report of how ugly she was . 
 she probably wanted to piss off her vain mother . '' 
 `` ha . . 
 ha ... ha '' ali burst into laughter , `` really ? 
 she 's as rotten as when she was a kid . '' 
 `` that 's another thing that bothers me , '' hafiz frowned , `` her insolence and pettiness . 
 but most importantly , we are too familiar with each other . 
 imagine if you had to marry ahmad . '' 
 `` that 's absurd , ahmad is my best friend , and he 's a man . '' 
 `` exactly ! 
 she used to be one of my best friends , and i do n't see her as a woman . '' 
 `` hafiz , do you know why the sultan wants this marriage to happen ? '' 
 `` yeah ... yeah ... . 
 i heard the second in line to the throne , bla ... bla ... bla ... . . 
 all formality to me . 
 the crown prince got married last year , i 'm sure he will have many sons in the future , so this marriage thing is a solution for a `` what if '' situation that might not happen in the first place . '' 
 * * * ali sat down quietly , lost in thought . 
 the conversation with his brother had left him intrigued with her highness puteri paramita . 
 it 's well known all over the region that she was not born to jothar 's royal household . 
 she was born out of a famously rumored affair between her father the sultan of jothar , at that time still the crown prince and her mother one of the country 's famous model and ex-beauty queen . 
 when he was still the crown prince , her father was famous for his womanizing habits , and although already married with his two wives , he would have mistresses here and there . 
 it was said , however , that his relationship with madam soraya , puteri paramita 's mother , was a special one , and that after his relationship with her , he never took another mistress , even after they broke up as soon as he was crowned sultan and she moved to europe with her child to escape judgmental eyes and tongues . 
 ali decided that the best thing , to do , is to have the persons involved meet each other face to face . 
 that way they can sort out the differences without anybody in between . 
 he was n't sure if it was a good idea or not , given that their status is lower than the princess , he would have to ask an official audience , but come to think of it , how can he convey the purpose of the meeting without making it sound silly or childish on his brother 's part . 
 finally he made up his mind that it was a better idea to consult his stepmother , raden nabilla is a much known high-class social butterfly , if anyone can arrange a meeting with the princess , and it would be her . 
 he decided to sleep on it a bit more , and he will talk to his stepmother tomorrow morning . 
 chapter two it was the day of the well-planned private dinner . 
 raden nabilla succeeded in working her magic to invite her highness puteri paramita . 
 although to be honest , this task was not a difficult one , since both families have agreed to the engagement , so there was no reason that the queen , permaisuri -lsb- 3 -rsb- farida will deny permission for her stepdaughter to attend . 
 raden nabilla did n't mention her son on the idea of the engagement , fearing that it will offend the royal family , instead she used building rapport as a pretext . 
 raden nabilla was busy all day making sure that they make a good impression and wow their guest . 
 she is fully conscious that she wishes her son to marry up in the social ladder , so even though tonight 's guest will be her future daughter in law , she wants to leave no reason to doubt that she is knowledgeable about western culture and european cuisine , as she knows that puteri paramita spent most of her life in london , and from what she had heard from gossips in the noble wives ' circle of friends , madam soraya after giving birth to the sultan 's daughter , received a generous gift of shares in the country 's oil exploration company and national banks , and because of that she had become a socialite and is famous for hanging out with the international jet setters . 
 so naturally puteri paramita is used to an upscale lifestyle . 
 there is no way she would let her future in-laws look down at her . 
 she had the staff lay out her best silverware , her italian ceramic dishes , and her crystal glasses . 
 but she was extremely careful , not to go overboard . 
 she did n't want to make herself look over the top either as tonight 's dinner is by no means a formal event . 
 although hafiz had promised to behave himself , raden nabilla was nervous that ali had n't arrived home yet . 
 he was the only one she can count on to keep her son checked . 
 the sound of familiar footsteps behind her made her exhaled in relief . 
 she turned around to see ali walking into the dining room . 
 he was still in his work attire . 
 `` did you just arrive ? '' 
 she asked lovingly . 
 `` yes . 
 mother . '' 
 he replied while kissing her cheeks . '' 
 there was an accident near the office , so we had to take a different way home . '' 
 `` go take a shower and change , our guest will be here in an hour . '' 
 ali went upstairs to his room , he walked into his private bathroom took his clothes off . 
 he really wanted to take a nice soak before the dinner starts , to incite his best diplomatic abilities , but time would not allow for that luxury . 
 instead , he went into the shower letting the nice warm water massage his shoulders and back . 
 right now his mind drew a blank , he did n't know what to expect , with his brother 's personality and what he heard about the princess . 
 he thought it would be better to improvise as they go tonight , he will see and react according to the situation . 
 after finishing his shower , he went to choose his outfit . 
 `` i should wear something smart casual , '' he thought to himself . 
 he opted for a light brown hand drawn silk batik shirt that he brought back from indonesia when he visited dewi 's family for the first time , paired with black dress pants . 
 when he finished dressing and arrived downstairs he found that everybody was sitting in the living room . 
 apparently raden hamza had the same idea as him and was wearing a silk batik prada -lsb- 4 -rsb- shirt , his wife was in a pink baju kurung -lsb- 5 -rsb- looking elegant and dignified . 
 he felt relieved when he saw hafiz was actually dressed for the occasion with his gucci jacket , matching pants , and beige t-shirt . 
 on the other hand , he never thought his brother to be foolish enough to not be on his best behavior while greeting members of the royal family . 
 * * * a maid came in to announce that the guests ' car had already arrived at the main gate . 
 they all walked to the front door to greet them . 
 a black mercedes-benz pulled up in the driveway in front of the main door , a guard stepped down from the passenger side , and opened the door for the first passenger , while the driver opened the door for another . 
 two women came down from the car . 
 one was a young woman and the other an older . 
 they were both dressed in the traditional baju kurung . 
 while the older woman wore a jilbab , the younger one had a loose scarf covering her head . 
 raden nabilla came forward with respectful familiarity to greet the older woman , '' your highness puteri siti hamidah , welcome to our humble home . '' 
 they smiled at each other and gave kissed each other on both cheeks . 
 `` please , there is no need to discuss me formally , let me present you to sultan 's daughter , her highness puteri paramita sawitri . '' 
 she said while gesturing to the young woman beside her , he proceeded to greet raden hamza and his two sons . 
 raden nabilla put on a big smile and greeted the young woman , `` your highness , how do you do , i am very happy to finally meet you in person , i have heard a lot about you . '' 
 `` raden , please do not use formalities . '' 
 `` of course , of course , please let me introduce my family , this is my husband raden hamza , the eldest son raden burhanuddin ali , and of course you know my son raden hafiz adid . '' 
 paramita saluted them . '' 
 it 's nice to meet you raden hamza , raden burhanuddin , how do you do ? 
 raden hafiz , it 's been a while . '' 
 ali observed the princess discretely , she truly is in no way the ugly girl described by the tabloids . 
 in fact , she could be considered a beauty , she was tall although not so slim , her body tended to be on the curvy side , with the silhouette of an hourglass figure hidden behind her loose clothes , her big eyes adorned with natural long lashes , she had a pretty nose , and full lips . 
 her skin was fair , and her black hair tied into a bun hidden under the scarf . 
 they entered the living room where drinks and snacks were served . 
 the elders exchanged pleasantries and made small talk about family and mutual friends . 
 `` how is the health of his majesty sultan , your highness ? '' 
 asked raden hamza making small talk . 
 `` his majesty the sultan is very well , allah be thanked . 
 he has been feeling tired lately , but between her majesty the queen and myself , we make sure that he takes enough rest and eats well . '' 
 she replied cordially . 
 raden nabilla smiled understandingly , although deep in her heart she could never understand how two women can share a husband , if she at times feels jealous over her husband 's ex-wife , who he has n't seen for more than twenty years . 
 and every time ali would come back from visiting his mother , she ca n't help feeling a little hurt when her husband asked him about how she was doing . 
 she turned to paramita and smiled , '' oh look at us old people talking on and on and boring these youngsters . 
 hafiz , why do n't you show her highness your brother 's bonsai garden , i 'm sure that will be more entertaining for her than listening to our nonsense . 
 ali will go with you two there so he can explain the different varieties of plants we have there . '' 
 `` yes , go ahead . '' 
 said puteri siti hamidah . 
 `` diner will not be ready until an hour from now , so you can take your time . '' 
 the hostess added meaningfully . 
 paramita smiled and stood up , she followed ali and hafiz 's lead towards the back garden . 
 passing through the mansion , she could n't help but praise the raden for her exquisite taste in interior décor . 
 it was obviously luxurious but without giving a feeling of arrogance and coldness . 
 there was a nice and warm ambient to the mansion that made it feel like a real home , but a very big one at that . 
 there was something here that gave her a comfortable feeling , she could n't quite understand it , much less explain what it was , but it made her feel good in the inside . 
 she looked at hafiz 's back as he walked in front of her , he has n't changed . 
 still handsome , stylish and elegant . 
 he always moved with the confidence of an aristocrat . 
 soon her attention fell to his older brother burhanuddin ali . 
 she had investigated a bit into their background before she came here , she found that they were from different mothers and that the eldest son ali was a mixed arab melayu . 
 now looking at him , she could see it in his physical appearance . 
 she noticed he had hazel colored eyes and very `` tall nose '' , his hair was rather dark brown instead of black , with white skin , these were not really traits of the melayu people . 
 they arrived at the garden , paramita could see that it was very well laid out . 
 it was tediously organized according to species and color . 
 she also saw many fern species and orchids hanging from tall palm trees . 
 just like the interior of the mansion , its garden was certainly designed with high taste . 
 ali lead them towards the far end of the garden , there she saw a collection of old bonsai trees , organized tastefully on small artificial mounds . 
 there were various species of trees , tamarind , benjamin tree , avocado , pine , and many other . 
 paramita could n't help but gasp with awe . 
 she looked to ali , `` and did you plant these ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` most of them , not all . 
 some of them are gifts . '' 
 he said with pride . '' 
 this is my secret paradise , this is my favorite place to be when i 'm not at work . '' 
 `` it 's amazing . '' 
 paramita responded . 
 `` i imagine it takes a lot of dedication , patience and love to be able to have such an extensive collection like this . '' 
 `` yes it does . '' 
 ali smiled . 
 suddenly hafiz coughed , '' you know while you guys talk about little trees , let me get something to drink . '' 
 `` as you wish . '' 
 replied paramita with fake kindness . 
 as soon as hafiz walked away she turned serious and said to ali . '' 
 i believe i was n't invited here to look at bonsais or even to eat , so please be straight forward , what is it that you and your family want from me ? '' 
 ali smiled , `` she definitely was educated as a westerner . '' 
 he thought to himself . 
 `` why are you standing there and smiling ? '' 
 she asked sharply . 
 `` i 'm sure you know that both our families have agreed that you and hafiz are engaged to be married . '' 
 replied ali . 
 `` correction . '' 
 paramita slightly lifted her brow in surprise but cut him . '' 
 i am to be engaged to one of the sons of this family . 
 but by what you told me , it is hafiz who is the sacrifice , to become my husband . '' 
 `` sacrificed ? '' 
 ali raised his eyebrows `` obviously , i 'm sure he is less than willing ! 
 has he told you that he and i are not in good terms with each other ? 
 well , no . 
 actually that 's not the right way to say , let me correct myself . 
 he is not in good terms with me . '' 
 she said emphasizing . 
 `` he did mention it , yes . 
 but it 's no sacrifice , it 's an honor for him , and for us as his family . '' 
 paramita was silent , she tried hard to control her frustrations . 
 this made ali more curious . 
 `` she 's actually very cute . '' 
 he thought to himself . 
 then asked , `` if you do n't mind telling me what happened between the two of you ? '' 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 she said . '' 
 i know you care about your brother and want to help him , but i ca n't tell you . 
 well , if hafiz did n't say anything , it 's perhaps because he 's still not over it , and is still embarrassed about it . 
 so who am i to gossip ? '' 
 `` so you 're not going to tell me anything ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i do n't really know you , so why should i share someone else 's shame with you ? '' 
 `` good point . '' 
 `` but i 'll tell you what . 
 in good spirit , i will apologize to hafiz about the prank so he will stop being angry at me . 
 but the subject of marriage is another thing . 
 from the time i spent with him during our college years , i can see that he is n't a good husband material for me , we are too different , and there are things about him that i ca n't accept . '' 
 ali was n't all that surprised at her directness , but he still asked . '' 
 may i ask you why you think he wo n't be a good husband ? '' 
 `` well , first , he is a well-known playboy . '' 
 `` that 's the national tabloids looking for cheap scandal . '' 
 `` no . 
 it 's not . 
 i know many girls that cried over him , plus going back to our previous conversation , if he was n't such a playboy i would n't have done what i did to him . '' 
 she said , he could see a shadow of a smile on her lips . 
 `` is that so ? 
 are n't you a little exaggerating ? 
 it 's common for men to have a girlfriend or two , or even more before marriage . 
 i know you might think that it 's unfair , and you are within all your rights , but it 's the way our society sees it . '' 
 paramita sighed , `` i know , and i 'm not trying to change our culture or anything . 
 i 'm just speaking my mind . 
 i 'm very frustrated and angry about this arrangement . 
 but of course i ca n't do anything about it , all i can do is accept . 
 no matter what , i do have to show piety to my parents and country . '' 
 ali saw that her eyes turned misty and sad . 
 he felt a sharp stab of sympathy towards her . 
 he was surprised at himself that he suddenly found himself fighting the urge to hug her , seeing how this young woman was wholeheartedly laughing a few minutes ago and now her eyes are hiding a great burden . 
 paramita shook her head and took a deep breath . 
 `` oh well , i 'll have to live with it i guess . '' 
 suddenly they heard footsteps approaching , it was hafiz and a maid who was carrying a tray with drinks . 
 paramita accepted a glass of orange juice and took a sip at it . 
 ali could see that she was still trying to calm herself down . 
 she handed the glass back to the maid before turning to hafiz , `` hafiz , i sincerely apologize about what happened in london . 
 it was wrong of me to treat you that way . 
 i understand that you feel hurt about it . 
 what i did was wrong and hurtful , please forgive me . '' 
 hafiz looked at her with surprise as if he saw a ghost , `` excuse me ? 
 is this a trick or something ? 
 did i hear you apologize to me ? '' 
 paramita smiled , '' you heard right , and if you do n't believe me , i 'll say it again . 
 i sincerely apologize for my behavior in the past . 
 please understand i was immature back then , since we are at this point in our lives we should act like mature adults , i hope you will forgive me for my wrong doings and not hold it against me . '' 
 hafiz looked at her doubtfully . 
 but with ali there and his meaningful look , took a deep breath and said with resignation . 
 `` of course i forgive you and anything that i did in the past to offend you , please forgive me too . 
 let 's forget everything and start clean . '' 
 ali looked at him inquisitively , `` start clean ? '' 
 ali laughed feeling satisfied with himself , `` congratulations , now that everything is clear , we can go ahead and tell the elders to move forward with the wedding plans . '' 
 paramita looked at ali with annoyance , but hastily smiled and said . 
 `` wait , please do n't say anything to the elders yet . 
 please let me be the one to talk to my father first and give him the good news , he will be the one to talk to raden hamza . '' 
 ali thought for a while , `` you 're right , we should n't get ahead of ourselves . 
 this is an important matter and it does involve the royal family . 
 hafiz , let 's not mention about our discussion to anyone yet . '' 
 chapter three that night paramita moved restlessly in her bed . 
 she spent more than an hour tossing and turning . 
 there was nothing more that she would like to do now than throw a tantrum and trash her bedroom , but she was aware that it would be useless . 
 a mixed feeling of anger , hurt , and loneliness filled her heart , like poison ready to kill her . 
 she never wanted any of this . 
 princess , what princess ? 
 for her , it 's an empty and meaningless title . 
 her residence in the palace ? 
 she never asked for it she did n't care one bit . 
 and all for what ? 
 piety ! 
 piety to a mother that was too busy with parties to have time for her and cared only about her reputation among the rich and shameless . 
 or for her father who never acknowledged her till he needed her for his own selfish reasons . 
 nationalism ? 
 she was n't even born or raised in jothar , in fact , when the royal family officially acknowledged her as the sultan 's daughter that was the first time she ever set foot in this country . 
 all her life she could remember her mother telling her about her birth rights . 
 how as the daughter of the sultan of jothar , she should use all her honorific titles , and people should never dare to call her by name . 
 how she should live in a palace and wearing the best clothes and jewelry . 
 paramita never understood her mother 's complaints on this . 
 they lived in a house in barnsbury , neither of them ever needed to lift a finger to do housework , she always remembered that her mother shopped at the best boutiques and ate at the best restaurants . 
 they always had drivers to take them wherever they needed to go in a car that will always be a bmw , her mother 's favorite brand . 
 or how many families could afford annual vacations to the mediterranean ? 
 a whole life , of listening to her mother 's whining and complaining about their life , was what made her decide to go to college when she took her undergraduate in cambridge . 
 she was finally happy to be far from her mother 's `` you 're the daughter of the sultan of jothar '' speech . 
 and it was there in cambridge , in churchill college , she met him for the first time . 
 * * * london 1992 it was her first day in college and she was so excited . 
 finally , she 's taking her first step into the real world and to her independence . 
 she decided that in her new life she was going to hide her true identity . 
 of course , she will still be using her real name , her real id number , her real home address , etc. . 
 but she was determined not to let anybody know who her parents are , what they do , and what they own . 
 she will be just herself , paramita sawitri . 
 she left all the designer wardrobe that her mother chose and bought for her over the years , and the day before moving to college , she had noorhayati her nanny , ask wendy , the only english housemaid in their staff to go and buy her some new set of clothes at a department store , making sure that wendy only bought clothes that were within the working class buying range . 
 a decision that she would regret later because apparently wendy had a `` special '' taste in clothing . 
 of course madam soraya did n't oppose to this , because she was n't at home or had been home for the last two weeks , she was in south italy visiting friends , to forget about her stress and heartache caused by her daughter moving out to college . 
 the only person that was by her side , supporting her and showing real sign of sadness and heartbreak of her departure was noorhayati , her nanny , her second mother . 
 she could n't thank god enough that she was blessed with sensibility to listen to noorhayati 's advice that day , and she allowed the driver to drive her up to the dorm . 
 otherwise , she could n't imagine dragging her bag around the complex to get to her room . 
 she loved her room , it was bright with a lot of natural light coming from the big window . 
 she also loved how they arranged it so her desk was in front of the window , giving it a nice view . 
 she quickly put down her bag and began to unpack , that 's when she noticed all the clothes that wendy bought for her were all men 's clothes decorated with flower print . 
 she cringed a bit but decided to accept it . 
 if her new life is to be a men 's clothes wearer , so be it . 
 everything is going to get better and better from now on . 
 when she had finished it was time for dinner . 
 she headed out for the dining hall , apparently the girl in the room across hers had the same idea . 
 they smiled to each other and introduce themselves . 
 `` hi , how do you do ? 
 my name is laila . '' 
 `` hi laila , i 'm paramita , this is my first day here , i 'm a bit nervous . '' 
 `` me too ! '' 
 the other girl exclaimed . 
 she was about the same height as paramita , she had long black here and honey colored skin . 
 paramita could tell right away from her physical appearance and her accent , paramita could tell that she was from south asia . 
 `` i 'm come from singapore , what about you ? '' 
 laila asked . 
 paramita was a bit stumped , apparently it 's not a good idea to judge people by their ethnicity here , and the world is becoming a smaller place . 
 `` oh , i lived in london my whole life . 
 but hey , coming from singapore , do you speak melayu ? '' 
 `` oh , that 's why your english sounds great . 
 i do speak melayu , not fluently , but i do understand conversations in melayu , but most of my family and circle of friend speak tamil and english '' laila said kindly . 
 `` i 'm studying economics , what are you studying ? '' 
 `` me ? 
 architecture ... ... . '' 
 * * * on her first day of class was when she met hafiz , he was also studying architecture . 
 they were sitting next to each other that day , suddenly she felt him tapping her shoulder . 
 `` hey , hi , how are you , can you please help me ? '' 
 he said to her with confidence . 
 `` sure , what do you need ? '' 
 she replied `` i ca n't find my pen anywhere . 
 do you have one to share with me ? '' 
 he said in half-broken english . 
 she took out a spare from her bag and handed it over to him , `` here , you can keep it . '' 
 he thanked her with a charming smile . '' 
 my name is hafiz , i am from jothar , and you ? '' 
 `` my name is paramita , but you can call me mita for short . 
 i am from london , but my parents are from jothar . '' 
 `` oh really ? 
 that 's interesting so tell me ... '' suddenly they were interrupted by the lecturer displeased cough , `` if you have something important to say , by all means , please come forward and share it with us ... '' hafiz and paramita looked at each other and smiled . 
 they had an affinity from day one . 
 to her he represented her origins , where at that time it was foreign and estranged . 
 she spoke the language , because her mother always spoke melayu at home with her , and most of the household staff were from jothar . 
 but she never actually been there . 
 she was eighteen at the time , and she never had any boyfriends or crushes . 
 the sight of hafiz always made her blush , and she would always try to find an excuse to be near him , or even to see him from afar . 
 to her he was the most handsome guy in campus . 
 he had wavy black hair and his skin was a light tanned color . 
 his dark eyes were expressive and they laughed when he laughed . 
 she liked the sound of his voice , and his accent when he spoke english . 
 to the her at that time , he was perfect . 
 he too seemed to like being around her , but not the same way she did . 
 he always treated her as one of the guys , cool to hang out with , someone who speaks his native language , but who knows their way around town . 
 but she did n't care , just to speak to him and be near him , was enough to fill her days with hope . 
 they hung out in a group of five . 
 hafiz , laila , rahmat who was also from jothar who was studying economics apparently he and hafiz were longtime friends , then there was mike who was indonesian and was also studying architecture , and of course herself . 
 naturally they had other friends too , from different faculties and different countries . 
 but the 5 of them were close due to language and interests . 
 all of them were kids from well-off families , she knew . 
 but before she started college she was determined to not let anybody know about her family background , so she would play the pauper of the group . 
 she would complain about being broke all the time , and let her friends pay for her meals when they were going out to town . 
 hafiz was the one who almost always picked up her tab . 
 apparently he came from a very rich and powerful family in jothar , the son of a minister and descendant of a noble family . 
 and buying her food and drink almost all the time , made him think that he was entitled to treat her like a servant , running for his lunch , for drinks or for coffee . 
 she did n't mind though . 
 for the sake of love , she told herself . 
 after a year and with a busy academic life they gradually saw less of each other , but because hafiz , mike and she were in the same course and taking the same classes they would study together most of the time . 
 over time hafiz became more and more shameless , and started making her do his homework , or would skip group work and rely on her to do his part . 
 he would even skip class and make her take notes for him . 
 the reason ? 
 women of course . 
 being rich , handsome and coming from a noble family certainly had benefits for hafiz . 
 he would change girlfriends every three months or less . 
 paramita suffered in silence every time she saw him with someone else , but she was always optimistic that one day he would come to his senses and see her as a woman . 
 she consoled herself by occupying her mind with other activities and actively participating with student 's social groups , organizing events and planning trips with the international student 's organization . 
 one day out of the blue , when she was sitting at the dining hall with laila and hafiz , they broke the news to her . 
 `` mita . '' 
 said laila in a happy tone . '' 
 i want you to be first to know . '' 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 paramita asked taken in by the mood . 
 `` hafiz and i are officially dating each other . '' 
 paramita 's face suddenly dropped , but she quickly controlled her feelings and put on a big smile , `` oh my , congratulations , i 'm so happy for the both of you . 
 when did it start ? '' 
 `` two weeks ago , '' said hafiz , he held laila 's hand and kissed it gently . 
 `` hey , errand girl , why do n't you do me a favor and get me and my darling some coke , as always you can get one for yourself . '' 
 paramita was tempted to yell at him and tell him to go stuff himself . 
 but she took a deep breath smiled and went for the cokes . 
 she on purposely only bought two , then she excused herself saying she had a headache . 
 in her room she wanted to cry , but the tears would n't flow . 
 instead , she sat in the dark thinking . 
 she promised to herself that she was never going to let him use her again starting tomorrow . 
 never again will she let hafiz pay for her stuff and let him boss her around . 
 she kept avoiding him for the next few weeks , every time she was about to cross his path , she made sure that she took a different route . 
 she still hung out with laila , even though she felt her heart cracking like glass every time laila would talk about hafiz . 
 the most difficult part for her was the group study , and since she kept avoiding hafiz , he could n't copy her tasks or ask her to cover for him . 
 that meant he had to help the group studies , and that meant she had to be in close proximity of him . 
 she found it hard to stop herself from snapping at him , and most of the time she lost control . 
 paramita realized that she was being mean every time she counted the days , weeks and months that hafiz and laila dated each other hoping that he would grow tired of her friend and move to his next love interest . 
 but the two of them seemed to be stuck together by super glue . 
 * * * needing a break from it all , she went home to her mother 's house during semester break . 
 she has n't returned home for about two years , during that time she preferred to spend her breaks with others students who did n't have the luxury to travel home , and serve as a tour guide to them . 
 to her surprise madam soraya was kind and accommodating to her . 
 absence does nurture love , thought paramita . 
 her mother was still cold and distant , but at least she 's not nagging her like she used to . 
 this gave paramita a chance to rest emotionally . 
 it did n't matter , she was only happy to see her mak noor whom she missed during her days in college . 
 one morning after breakfast , mak noor suddenly held her tightly and cried , `` i miss you so much . 
 i pray every day and night that god will protect you and let you be happy . '' 
 `` mak , '' paramita replied while putting her head in mak noor 's embrace . 
 `` i miss you too . 
 a lot has happened , but god has shown his greatness and has always been by my side . 
 but i 'm sad , mak . '' 
 `` why are you sad , my beautiful child ? 
 tell me what happened ! '' 
 `` it 's about the boy i wrote to you about , the one from jothar , he never cared about me or pay attention to me . 
 i 'm suffering from unrequited love . '' 
 noorhayati let out a sweet laugh , she caressed paramita 's head , `` if a man can not see the beauty and virtue of a special young woman like you , he 's blind and stupid , trust me he 's not worth your tears . '' 
 these words and reaction actually made paramita a bit better . 
 suddenly there was a loud abang , they turned around to see madam soraya standing at the doorway , she stumbled into the room holding a glass of bourbon in her right hand . 
 `` noorhayati , get out ! 
 i want to talk to my daughter ! 
 what 's this mita ? 
 what man ? '' 
 noorhayati left the room with a sad look as madam soraya stomped over to her daughter and grabbed paramita 's arm . 
 `` are you crazy ? 
 i sent you to college to study , not to find men ! 
 i 'll hit you if you dared defile yourself . '' 
 `` mama ! '' 
 paramita shouted trying not to cry , `` how can you say that ? 
 i 'm a proper woman , i wo n't do those things ! 
 but i have feelings too , i can fall in love ... . '' 
 `` love ? 
 nonsense ! '' 
 madam soraya said while squeezing and shaking her daughter 's arm . 
 paramita grinned in pain . 
 `` mama , you 're hurting me . '' 
 she pleaded . 
 madam soraya let go of her , and sat in the sofa next to her daughter , she softened her voice , `` listen , i have recently been talking to your father the sultan , we have decided to arrange your marriage with a son of a prominent family as soon as you finish college next year , so you should forget about having boyfriends ! '' 
 `` get married after i finish college ? 
 but i want to work ! '' 
 `` why would you need to work ? 
 your father has decided to formally acknowledge you as his daughter , he will bring you back to jothar to live in the palace as soon as you graduate , and there you will get ready for your wedding . '' 
 `` i refuse ! '' 
 paramita said . 
 suddenly madame soraya began to cry , `` what kind of a daughter are you ? 
 you horrible child . 
 i gave birth to you , putting in danger my life , and raised you all these years , i even gave up my career and future for you . 
 and this is how you repay me ? 
 god will punish you ! 
 your life will be miserable , you 'll never be happy . 
 remember , god will punish children who do n't obey their mothers . '' 
 paramita felt bad , `` mama ... . . 
 do n't say that . 
 but please understand , i have my dreams , i want to become an architect , i want to design buildings and be someone respected by society . '' 
 `` respected by society ? 
 do you think being a princess of jothar is not respectable ? '' 
 `` of course , but what i mean is to be respected for my own merits , and not because of whose daughter i am . 
 besides , even if i do be officially acknowledged by my father , people will still talk behind my back about your relationship with him . '' 
 `` are you calling me a tramp ? '' 
 madam soraya slurred . 
 `` enough ! 
 you 'll do what i say , or you will be responsible if anything bad happens to me . 
 do you understand ? 
 your father said that he will take away my shares and financial support if you do n't do what he says . 
 what i earn from my business is not enough to support our lifestyle . 
 do you really want to see your mother on the streets ? '' 
 `` mama , i did n't think that my father was capable of doing that . 
 what do you mean he can take away your shares ? 
 why have n't i heard about this before ? '' 
 madam soraya toned down a bit , `` i kept it a secret because it 's embarrassing , but now i 'm telling you about it , so you should do what he orders , that way your poor mother will not end up as a beggar on the streets . '' 
 `` mama , ca n't we consult a lawyer or something ? '' 
 `` do you hate me ? 
 do you want my past be exposed to public and have people judging me and pointing fingers ? 
 i left our country to find a new life to get away from all that . '' 
 `` of course not , mama . 
 i will do as you say . 
 but please , no more drinks , okay ? '' 
 paramita bowed her head in defeat . 
 `` good , remember that you should protect your purity , do n't put your parents through shame and dishonor ! 
 i did n't raise you here in england to become a harlot ! 
 i want you to avoid friendship with men . '' 
 `` i understand . '' 
 after that conversation , paramita fell into a state of resignation , she thought that it was no use to rebel against her life . 
 yes , at the end of the day , she ca n't escape from who she is and where she came from . 
 dreams and plans for the future were like a mirage to her . 
 * * * she returned to college to the surprised reactions from her friends towards her new style and taste in clothing . 
 there were even rumors circulating that she won a small fortune in the lottery and could afford good stylish clothes and cash in her pocket . 
 the surprise was actually on her , when that night laila came crying to her room . 
 she was two weeks pregnant . 
 `` is it hafiz 's ? '' 
 paramita asked with a shaky voice . 
 `` yes , yes it is . '' 
 `` have you told him ? 
 what did he say ? 
 he should take responsibility ! '' 
 `` every time we mention about a serious relationship and children he would say that he was n't ready yet to be a father , and that his parents most likely would n't agree for him to marry me , '' laila said while sobbing . 
 `` what do you mean his parents wo n't agree ? '' 
 are you saying that he was dating you and sleeping with you without any intentions of marrying you ? '' 
 paramita can feel her face heating up . 
 without thinking twice , she went outside her dorm room and ran around the college to find hafiz . 
 after an hour of running around , she finally found him in the garden with rahmat . 
 `` hafiz ! '' 
 she growled , without hesitation she threw a punch and hit him right on his face . 
 hafiz fell down on his back clasping his face . 
 paramita jumped forward to launch a kick , when rahmat held her back . 
 `` what is wrong with you ? 
 you crazy bitch ! '' 
 hafiz shouted while wiping the blood from his nose . 
 `` geez , i think you broke my nose , it bloody hurts ! 
 `` you ! 
 you are the worst type of man ! 
 how could you ? 
 you 're shameless and irresponsible . '' 
 she shouted at the top of her lungs . 
 `` what are you talking about ? 
 it was you who suddenly came up and punched me without a reason , what type of woman are you ? 
 are you even a real woman ? '' 
 suddenly laila grabbed her arm from behind , `` mita , please , i have n't told him anything yet , please , it 's not his fault , he does n't know ... . '' 
 she said between weeps . 
 `` what 's going on laila ? 
 what 's wrong with this lunatic ? '' 
 said hafiz while turning to laila . 
 `` hey guys , let 's calm down , '' rahmat intervened . 
 `` come on , let 's sit down and talk about this . 
 we should n't make a spectacle in front the other students . '' 
 they all sat down in a circle . 
 `` tell him laila , stop crying and talk ! '' 
 paramita said impatiently . 
 `` hafiz ... . . 
 i 'm ... . . 
 i 'm ... . . '' 
 laila hesitated . 
 `` i 'm pregnant '' hafiz 's face turned pale , `` how can that be ? 
 we were always careful ! 
 you know that i ca n't have children yet . 
 and besides , i told you that a marriage for me is not that simple . 
 my parents would kill me if they knew that i came here to study but returned with a wife and baby . '' 
 `` what a sap , so you 're running away from your responsibility ? '' 
 paramita said with anger , she jumped up , lifted her hand ready to give him another punch . 
 `` mita , let 's leave , we should really let them talk it out and not get ourselves involved in something that has nothing to do with us . '' 
 said rahmat calming her . 
 `` you 're right , rahmat . 
 i 'm going back to my room . 
 laila , you know you can depend on me for anything . '' 
 she said while standing up . 
 then they both turned away . 
 `` laila , take me to the clinic , i 'm sure my nose is broken , we 'll talk about this after i see a medic . '' 
 paramita cried in her room . 
 she was heartbroken and disappointed . 
 but she realized that she had to forget hafiz . 
 in her eyes now he was just like her father , the father that got involved with her mother with no intention of legal marriage , the father who chose to pretend that she never existed , and the father she never knew in person . 
 hafiz was not for her . 
 laila chose to have an abortion and end her relationship with hafiz , a choice that paramita supported and thought was the best decision . 
 why bring a child into this world to be neglected ? 
 it was paramita who stayed by laila 's side during the ordeal , taking care of her and being her support . 
 they decided to avoid hafiz for the remaining time they spent in cambridge . 
 he was a taboo subject between them . 
 and as time went by , she eventually stopped thinking of him . 
 until one day , he was barefaced enough to ask her for a favor . 
 he was on a quest to woo veronica a student from spain . 
 who else could he turn to but his friend who knew how to speak spanish ? 
 he asked her to organize a banner as a romantic gesture for his new target . 
 naturally paramita accepted the request happily . 
 she ordered the banner and placed it in the campus entrance , `` veronica , yo soy un gran hijo de puta . 
 quiero follar contigo , hafiz '' chapter four paramita woke up with a terrible headache , but her heart and mind was calmer than the night before . 
 she was angry , hurt and upset . 
 she never thought that hafiz would be forced back into her life again . 
 if it would have been a few years earlier , she would n't have thought twice to say yes . 
 but now , after everything that happened , after everything she knew . 
 there was no way that she was going to marry him . 
 she was perfectly aware that there were people who want to take advantage of her at this moment . 
 and it hurts even more to realize that her biological father and mother are part of those people , each with their own interest at mind . 
 but she was equally determined not to show any weakness . 
 if she had to sacrifice herself , she has to make sure that she would not get hurt in the process . 
 since the beginning , she was n't stupid enough to go against her father the sultan , so she was always ready to take advantage of him , but in a different way . 
 ever since she arrived here in jothar , she only saw him four times , to her , he 's a stranger . 
 that 's why , she has absolutely no doubts to make use of what he has in abundance . 
 money and power . 
 if he was acknowledging her as his daughter to put her through a political marriage , then she will protect herself from any possible harm , physically or emotionally . 
 a feeling of envy began to creep into her mind . 
 how is it that other people can have dreams , and have people who love them ? 
 she never felt any warmth and love from either of her parents . 
 the only boy she ever fell in love with shattered her heart to pieces and made her best friend pregnant . 
 she was pulled away from the future she wanted as an architect , the dream job that she studied so hard for . 
 and everybody expects her to bow her head and accept without a word . 
 she smiled sarcastically , `` i 'm not going to suffer alone if they think it is fair game to trample on my feelings . 
 i can do the same . '' 
 there was a knock on the door , it opened and noorhayati came in with a tray in her hand . 
 `` good morning , puteri . '' 
 she said . 
 `` good morning , mak . '' 
 `` why did n't you sleep properly last night ? '' 
 she said while observing paramita 's face . 
 `` your eyes have dark rings around it . '' 
 `` there was something that i needed to think about mak . 
 but do n't worry . 
 i think i know what i 'm going to do . 
 can you please help me get some tea bags for compress , afterwards help me prepare , i need to talk to my father a bit later . 
 by the way , did you deposit the money i gave you ? '' 
 `` yes , i deposited it in the bank yesterday . 
 i do n't understand you , why do you need to save most of your allowances in the bank . 
 most young women your age will spend it on clothes , makeup , and jewelry . '' 
 `` mak , we never know when a rainy day comes , it 's better being ready than sorry . 
 did you pick up the jewelry that i asked you to buy ? '' 
 `` yes i did . 
 and i ordered the jeweler to make a set with zircon rubies and emeralds that match the real ones that his majesty sultan gave you last week , the ones you kept in the safe deposit box at the bank . '' 
 `` thank you , mak . 
 only you understand me well . 
 make sure they use the finest white gold only and charge it to the sultan 's account as always . '' 
 paramita hugged her nanny with love , but there was a sadness in her voice . 
 noorhayati left her for a while to get the tea bags . 
 paramita went to her desk and sat down . 
 she took a manila folder and opened it . 
 inside was a bundle of newspaper articles , reports and photos of the family jothar 's minister of foreign affairs , raden hamza bin raden abdurahman bin abu hidayat bin sultan umar sharif uddin . 
 raden hamza is the second cousin of her father . 
 they are about the same age , with her father being only 8 months older . 
 when raden hamza was 9 years old , he was brought to the inner palace to be raised by the sultan 's mother because his own parents were killed during an air raid by the japanese troops when he was a baby . 
 he was raised by his grandparents . 
 but in those times life was hard for the people of jothar , even for royalty . 
 the newly independent country was still struggling to stabilize its post-war economy and there was not enough infrastructure and health services for everyone . 
 the earlier sultan took the son of his cousin under his care , to raise him and personally educate him , since at a time of uncertainty he felt that it was the right thing to do for his next of kin . 
 at the age of twenty-five , raden hamza married his first wife , princess latifa binti abdullah from an arabic kingdom , she gave him a son raden burhanuddin ali . 
 they divorced after two years for reasons not known to the public . 
 soon after raden hamza remarried nabilla , at that time before converting , her name was tan mei ling , she is the only daughter of tan ping an , owner of holy mountain investment group a rich chinese conglomerate second in fortune only to the sultan himself . 
 `` goodness , this raden hamza sure likes imported luxury goods . '' 
 said paramita to herself . 
 she continued reading , raden hamza and his second wife have one son and one daughter . 
 raden hafiz adid and raden fasiya . 
 paramita put down the papers pensively . 
 `` so if raden hamza is open-minded about marriage with foreigners , why did hafiz doubt so much about marrying laila ? 
 also , she was a daughter of a very wealthy family , in fact , laila 's family owned shares in mining companies throughout south east asia . '' 
 there was no clear reason that she can think of . 
 she scanned the report for any news on laila , but there were none . 
 she turned her attention to a different subject , now she was holding a written summary for burhanuddin ali . 
 a bachelor in his early thirties , he studied in the united states , at princeton , he holds a master in finance . 
 currently works as director of finance in a state-owned company . 
 he has dated the indonesian pop star dewi chandrawati for 3 years now . 
 every year there was news about their engagement plan , but nothing has ever been concreted . 
 there were a news report about how such a devoted boyfriend he is , always assisting every concert she had in jothar , even going with her on her tours to remote cities . 
 photos of them together , smiling at each other so happily , photos of ali proudly hugging her or dewi hugging him and all other romantic poses . 
 `` eww , they probably have diabetes from all that sweetness . '' 
 said paramita with disgust . 
 she continued to read , raden ali is actively involved in voicing clean governance and transparency in state and private-held companies . 
 he is n't involved in politics , but as the son of one of jothar 's high government official , and being opened in his political views , many media analysts expect that he will soon dive into the world of politics . 
 she threw the report to the floor angrily . 
 she massaged her head that was beginning to pound again . 
 she opened her drawer again and took out a folded poster , she opened it and spread it on her desk . 
 `` hello dubai ... . . '' 
 she smiled , kissing the picture . 
 noorhayati knocked on the door and came in with warm tea bags . 
 paramita quickly folded the poster again and hid it , she stood up and laid down on her bed . 
 she covered her eyes with the bags . 
 `` mak , i want to wear my favorite purple dress today , and i think i will combine it with the lace veil that i bought in sevilla . 
 also prepare my new jewelry that you brought back yesterday . '' 
 `` are you going to wear them to meet you father ? 
 what happens if he finds out that the diamonds on that set are fake ? 
 you can get the jeweler in trouble . '' 
 `` oh mak . 
 do n't be ridiculous , although he is a smart man , but he 's not a gem expert . 
 i doubt he can identify it in one glance . 
 and even if he does , the real diamonds are in my safe deposit box at the bank , no harm done . '' 
 noorhayati shook her head . 
 `` i do n't understand you . '' 
 `` mak , you do n't have to understand me , just do what i say , love me , and trust me . '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 * * * by the time she finished dressing up and arrived at the sultan 's study , it was 3:30 pm , just on time , the sultan always spends his afternoon reading . 
 she asked his personal secretary to announce her , which he did , and she was lead into the room . 
 it was a huge study , furnished with expensive old teak furniture . 
 he had an extensive personal library , with book collections dating back to more than a century . 
 he was sitting at his desk , as she thought he would be . 
 he was a tall and medium built man . 
 his face shows prominence and intelligence . 
 at his age , he is very well-preserved , his hair is still black and barely any wrinkles on his face . 
 paramita came closer to him and bent down to kiss his extended hand . 
 `` how is ananda -lsb- 6 -rsb- doing today ? '' 
 he asked her kindly `` ananda is doing very well , ayahnda -lsb- 7 -rsb- sultan . '' 
 she replied . 
 `` i am here to show off to you my new jewelry that i had made from the gemstones you gave me . '' 
 `` beautiful , they are beautiful indeed . '' 
 replied the sultan , without even giving it a second look . 
 `` how was your visit to the house of my second cousin , raden hamza ? '' 
 `` it went well , raden nabilla , has a very exquisite taste both in her home décor and in gastronomy . 
 she served a delicious contemporary dish . '' 
 `` i 'm glad , i 'm glad . '' 
 he said with a smile . 
 `` did you meet with his sons ? '' 
 `` yes i did , ayahnda . '' 
 `` excellent , and how did you find his family ? '' 
 `` they are nice people . '' 
 she said shallowly , `` i do n't know if you know this , but i studied with their son raden hafiz in cambridge . '' 
 `` so i heard . 
 that 's a good thing that you are familiar with them , that way once you get married , you will not have a hard time adapting to your new life . '' 
 `` indeed , ayahnda . '' 
 she said agreeing . 
 `` but when i marry , my husband and i will be moving to our own residence , am i right . '' 
 the sultan let out a loud laugh , `` are you afraid of living with you mother in law ? '' 
 paramita smiled , `` not really , but i would like to have some independence in managing my household , and not depending on my husband 's parents . '' 
 `` do n't worry , of course , you will have your own residence . 
 your future husband will soon take office as the minister of finance as soon as pangeran kadir retires , he is very old and tired . 
 naturally we can not have our minister of finance living with his parents , our country will be a laughing-stock in the eyes of the world . 
 i have assigned the lotus palace for your future residence . 
 i 'm sure you will love it . 
 it was my residence before i was the sultan . '' 
 `` i appreciate it very much ayahnda . 
 may i go and see it ? '' 
 `` of course you may , in fact , you can go and decorate it as you want , because it 's yours . '' 
 `` thank you , ayahnda . '' 
 she hesitated for a while , `` ayahnda , will my mother be allowed to attend my wedding ceremony ? '' 
 the sultan looked at her , his eye softened . 
 `` of course my child , why should n't she attend ? 
 she is your mother , after all , the woman who gave birth and raised you . 
 also , i 'm sure she will be happy seeing her daughter finally grown up and starting her own family . '' 
 `` thank you , ayahnda . '' 
 `` i forgot to tell you , my permaisuri , will be overseeing all the preparation and the details of your wedding and honeymoon . 
 if there is anything you want , you can go and tell her directly . '' 
 `` yes , ayahnda . '' 
 `` tomorrow i will make the announcement to the family of raden hamza , do you have any request for your dowry . '' 
 `` actually i do , i will appreciate it if they gave my dowry in the form of gold . '' 
 `` my child , do n't you think you are obsessed with jewelry ? 
 you have so many already , every time i offer you a gift , this is what you ask for . '' 
 `` father , i ca n't help it to love what i love , collecting jewelry is a hobby for me , some people like cars , some people like boats or horses . 
 i like jewelry . '' 
 `` very well , and i suppose you will want the same as a gift from me . '' 
 `` i wo n't mind a cash gift . '' 
 the sultan looked at her puzzled , `` excellent , i will open a bank account under your name to deposit your wedding gift , how does half a million us dollars sound . '' 
 paramita smiled . 
 `` thank you , ayahnda . 
 ayahnda is a very generous person indeed . '' 
 `` you made a good choice , my child . 
 your future husband is a very good man , but you will need to be patient with his feelings and show yourself as a dedicated and obedient wife . 
 so he will fall in love with you . '' 
 `` i know , ayahnda . 
 despite everything , i am your daughter , i 'm sure raden ali will be a faithful husband and will not dare to disappoint you . '' 
 paramita smiled very sweetly . 
 chapter five ali entered opened the door of his office , his head felt like it was going to explode . 
 quarterly audit meetings are most of the times seem like a battlefield , especially when auditing procurement and contracting processes , the excuses used to cover corruption and nepotism is downright outrageous and offensive . 
 do these people really think that he is that stupid ? 
 he entered with big strides and threw himself on his chair at his desk . 
 he leaned back and covered his face with his hands . 
 he remained in that position trying to relax himself for a good five minutes when his desk phone rang . 
 he sat up straight and answered the phone , `` yes , what is it nancy ? '' 
 `` sir , miss dewi is here to see you . '' 
 nancy kim his secretary answered . 
 `` let her in , please . '' 
 his voice suddenly became cheerful . 
 this was certainly a pleasant surprise , dewi arrived a few days earlier than expected . 
 the door opened and a petite woman with short hair entered . 
 she closed the door and walked to the desk . 
 ali got up to greet her , he swept her in his arms and planted a long kiss on her lips . 
 `` you are really an angel sent from heaven , you always appear when i 'm down and my whole day improves dramatically . '' 
 `` abang , you 're exaggerating . '' 
 she said while blushing , `` i miss you so much , i could n't wait to see you , so i asked my manager to change my schedule so i can make it here earlier . '' 
 `` i miss you too . '' 
 he hugged her again tightly . 
 `` let 's sit down . '' 
 they walked over to the l shape couch and sat side by side . 
 `` how are your parents ? '' 
 ali asked . 
 `` they 're fine . 
 they came back from visiting my sister in california . '' 
 `` oh , that 's right , so she had a baby boy did she ? '' 
 `` yep , they named him rudy . 
 from the photos my mother took , you could see that he is a very healthy baby , i think he weighed like three and a half kilo when he was born . 
 my mother said my sister had a pretty hard time during labor . '' 
 `` well , with a baby that big , i 'm not surprised . '' 
 he said , then smiled mischievously , `` i wonder how our babies will be in the future . '' 
 dewi blushed again and bowed her head . 
 ali gently held her chin up and gave her another kiss . 
 `` you know i hope our first child would be a girl , just as beautiful as her mother . '' 
 dewi smiled and rested her head on his shoulder . 
 `` even if it would be a boy , i would be happy . '' 
 ali caressed her hair lovingly . 
 `` have you had lunch yet ? '' 
 `` not yet , i came here straight from the airport . '' 
 `` you did ? 
 where did you leave your luggage ? '' 
 `` rita my manager will arrive in a later flight with it . '' 
 `` oh , i see . '' 
 `` let 's go then , '' he said while getting up from the couch , and then extended his hand to help her up too . 
 they walked out from the office together hand in hand , `` nancy , i 'm going out for lunch , is there anything in my calendar for this afternoon ? '' 
 he asked `` yes , you have one on one meetings with the group managers , sir . '' 
 `` okay , can you please schedule them for tomorrow ? 
 i wo n't be coming back this afternoon . '' 
 nancy smiled knowingly . 
 `` certainly . 
 i will let your driver know that you are going out . '' 
 `` tell him to bring the car up front , i will drive myself . '' 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 `` if something comes up , page me . '' 
 `` goodbye , nancy . '' 
 smiled dewi . 
 `` oh , by the way , this is for you this is my new album . '' 
 she took a cd case out of her handbag and handed it over to nancy , `` i autographed it for you . '' 
 `` thank you so much , miss dewi , '' nancy said with a wide smile . 
 `` i was looking forward to the release of your new album . '' 
 `` you 're welcome , bye-bye . '' 
 dewi smiled dewi and ali walked away , then entered the elevator . 
 nancy looked to make sure that they were gone . 
 she quickly tossed the cd in the garbage bin . 
 `` please , who listens to that type of whiney , suicide-inducing music ? '' 
 she said to herself . 
 she opened her thick agenda and took out a photo of the backstreet boys . 
 she kissed the photo , then slipped it back in . 
 `` nick , my ears , and heart only belong to you . '' 
 she whispered . 
 * * * `` what do you want to eat today ? '' 
 said ali without taking his eyes off the road . 
 `` there 's a nice italian restaurant in the wirakarta -lsb- 8 -rsb- continental hotel , can we go there ? 
 i love the salmon cannelloni there . '' 
 `` your wish is my command , my lady ... . '' 
 they arrived at the hotel lobby after a few minutes ' drive . 
 ali got out and gave the key to the valet parking staff . 
 he took dewi 's hand and they walked passed the lobby to the il capriccio restaurant . 
 `` table for two , please . 
 oh , and if you have any by the window . '' 
 `` certainly , this way sir . '' 
 they sat down and received the menu from a waiter . 
 `` i already know what i want , what about you ? 
 asked dewi . 
 `` i 'll have the same as you , my love . '' 
 said ali to her , `` i 'm sure your taste buds are refined . '' 
 dewi looked at him with a happy smile , she turned to the waiter . '' 
 please bring us salmon cannelloni , mango juice for me and lemon frappe for the gentleman . '' 
 when the waiter went away , ali took her hand and clasped it gently . 
 `` have you decided when would be a good time for me to ask my parents to go to jakarta to ask for your hand ? '' 
 dewi suddenly became nervous , `` why are you in such a hurry ? 
 next month i have to go on tour to promote my new album in indonesia , malaysia and brunei , then after that i 'm scheduled to shoot for a drama , and that 's going to take about three months at least . '' 
 `` my love , is n't it time for you to slow down your activities so we can plan our future together ? 
 i 'm not getting any younger you know , i really want to settle down and start a family . '' 
 `` i know and am sorry , '' she said . 
 `` i promise after this , i 'm going to take a break and we can start to talk about marriage . '' 
 ali sighed , `` this is not the first time this happened , i guess i will have to be more patient . 
 anyway my family will be busy very soon , so maybe it is a good idea to put our plans on hold for a few months . '' 
 `` oh ? 
 busy with what ? '' 
 asked dewi . 
 `` i ca n't tell you yet , it 's about hafiz , but soon when everything is definite , you will see it in the papers . 
 it 's going to be big national news . '' 
 `` i ca n't believe you 're holding secrets from me . '' 
 she teased . 
 ali smiled and gently pinched her chin . 
 the waiter came with the food and drinks they ordered then set it on the table . 
 ali and dewi fixed their napkins and started to eat . 
 `` hmm , this is delicious , '' dewi said appreciatively . 
 `` abang , what do you think ? '' 
 `` it 's good , '' ali replied with an awkward smile , he covered his mouth with a napkin he took a big gulp at his drink . 
 suddenly there was a ruckus from behind him . 
 `` i ca n't believe you are denying me this . 
 i need to talk to the manager now ! '' 
 a woman 's voice demanded . 
 `` mam , please calm down , maybe i can help you . '' 
 one of the waiters answered . 
 `` no , i want to talk to the manager , this is unacceptable , what is this rubbish you 're serving us ? '' 
 she insisted . 
 `` do you know who my friend is ? '' 
 said a man who is sitting across to her at the table . 
 `` call your manager or the chef we want to speak to either one of them . '' 
 ali observed the tall lady dressed casually in jeans and a black shirt , her high heeled boots made her look even taller . 
 ali remembered her from somewhere . 
 he searched his brains trying to recall where he had seen her before . 
 when the man sitting with her turned his head sideways , ali recognized him right away . 
 it was rahmat , hafiz 's friend . 
 `` abang , do you know those trouble makers ? '' 
 dewi asked him . 
 `` yes , the man is rahmat , my brother 's friend , and the woman , i 've seen her before , but i ca n't remember where ... . . '' 
 `` oh , so now you 're getting acquaintance with gorgeous women ? '' 
 dewi replied . 
 `` with those looks , she must be an actress or a model . 
 i do n't understand how men think . 
 just look at her boobs , obviously they 're implants . '' 
 inadvertently ali looked at the woman 's chest , he shook his head in annoyance realizing what he was doing , `` do n't be ridiculous , i 'm not my brother , i do n't like that type of lifestyle ... . '' 
 he suddenly paused , `` i remember now , it 's puteri paramita . 
 she looks very different from the last time i saw her . '' 
 `` puteri paramita ? 
 the sultan 's recently recognized daughter ? '' 
 dewi looked at her with disbelief , the tabloids never reported her to be so beautiful . 
 `` let 's go over there , '' ali said while standing up . 
 `` excuse me , what seems to be the problem ? '' 
 he interrupted . 
 rahmat looked at him `` bang ali , how are you ? '' 
 he said extending his hands to shake ali 's `` we are just trying to get this waiter to call the manager on duty or the chef . 
 oh , i forgot to introduce you this is her highness puteri paramita binti sultan abdul kadir she is a friend of hafiz and me from college . '' 
 rahmat was obviously dropping names for the waiter to hear . 
 it actually worked , because the waiter looked at her then said , `` i will call the manager , now . '' 
 paramita looked at ali and his companion , `` raden ali , this is a surprise to meet you here . '' 
 `` yes it is . '' 
 he replied , `` please let me introduce you to my girlfriend , this is dewi chandrawati . '' 
 paramita smiled and shook her hand , `` it 's nice to meet you . '' 
 she said . 
 dewi also shook rahmat 's hand . 
 `` so why were you asking for the manager ? '' 
 ali asked . 
 `` oh , that ? 
 i ordered salmon cannelloni , and it tasted horrible , the cheese sauce tasted like if it were left-overs from last night , the fish obviously was n't a salmon , or if it was , it must have been caught during the ice age , it was disgusting . 
 ah , and rahmat 's spaghetti was too bland . 
 not to mention they 've been playing spanish songs since we 've got here , which i love by the way . 
 but , i mean this is an italian restaurant in a five-star hotel for heaven 's sake . '' 
 ali coughed a bit and gazed at dewi , `` i have to agree that the cannelloni was n't one of the best ones i 've tasted . 
 ah , here comes the waiter , the other person should be the manager , do doubt . '' 
 the manager was a short older man , his thinning hair was combed sideways . 
 `` your highness , i apologize if we offended you in any way , we did n't know who you were , had we ... '' `` excuse me ! '' 
 paramita interrupted , the manager looked nervously at the tall woman towering over him . 
 `` so if i was n't the daughter of the sultan , you would have no problem serving me garbage ? 
 is that what you are trying to say ? '' 
 `` cert ... cert ... certainly not ... '' `` this is too much ! '' 
 she interrupted again raising her right hand that was clenched into a tight fist . 
 the restaurant manager dropped to the floor covering his head . 
 `` hey mit , calm down , '' rahmat said grasping her arm , `` let 's not start beating people to a pulp . '' 
 she put down her hand , `` why not ? 
 my father can pull me out of trouble , ca n't he ? '' 
 she sighed , `` but you 're right . 
 mat , let 's get out of here before we embarrass ourselves and be branded as trouble makers . . '' 
 ali watched everything with his mouth wide opened while dewi tightly held on to the sleeve of his jacket , `` wait do n't go ! '' 
 suddenly ali grabbed her arm . 
 paramita turned to look at him , she glared at her arm he was holding . 
 ali quickly let go and threw both hands up beside his chest after realizing his inappropriate behavior . 
 dewi quickly circled her arm around his . 
 there was an awkward silence . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 what i was trying to say was , why do n't the two of you join us to have lunch at another place ? 
 i know some good restaurants downtown that i guarantee wo n't disappoint you . '' 
 he quickly said . 
 paramita looked at rahmat , `` i 'm still hungry we have n't eaten anything ! '' 
 he said . 
 `` very well , let 's go ... '' she responded to ali . 
 `` did you two bring a car ? '' 
 ali asked . 
 `` yes , my driver is waiting downstairs , '' paramita answered . 
 `` but rahmat does n't have his since i picked him up at the office and we both came in mine . '' 
 `` do you think it will be alright to ask your driver to go back to the palace , and we can all go in my car ? 
 i will take you home later . '' 
 ali asked . 
 `` i 'm sure my father wo n't mind if i go out with you , '' paramita answered . 
 * * * paramita and rahmat rode in the back of ali 's car . 
 he peered through the review mirror to her and asked , `` what do you guys want to eat ? '' 
 paramita looked at rahmat , `` what do you want , mat ? 
 i 'm so hungry i could it anything , at least if it taste decent of course . '' 
 `` that does n't sound ladylike ! 
 but you 're right , i ca n't think of anything in particular , just the idea of food makes me drool . '' 
 `` you always drool every time you hear the word food ! '' 
 she teased . 
 `` is that so ? 
 was n't it you who won the noodle eating contest , how many bowls was it , twenty ? '' 
 `` no , it was n't a noodle eating contest ! 
 it was a challenge at yamato ramen , if you finish ten bowls in half an hour , you can eat there free for a whole year with up to four friends ! '' 
 she said with pride . 
 `` did you win ? '' 
 ali asked with genuine curiosity . 
 `` of course she did ! '' 
 rahmat replied . 
 `` my goodness ! '' 
 exclaimed dewi . 
 `` i could never do that , that 's embarrassing . '' 
 `` well , i could , and i did , and i 'm not embarrassed about it . 
 i did n't do anything illegal , or improper , i did n't steal , and i did n't cheat . 
 in fact , you guys enjoyed the benefits too . '' 
 she said while looking at rahmat . 
 `` that 's right , we all had our share of some free dinners , plus it liberated you from hafiz 's slavery ! '' 
 he said while laughing `` true ... '' she giggled . 
 `` hafiz 's slavery ? 
 what 's that about ? '' 
 ali asked . 
 he could n't understand why a hint of her and hafiz being close to each other made him unhappy . 
 `` they 're getting married anyway . '' 
 he thought to himself . 
 `` when i started college , i was going through a rebellious stage , so i tried hard not to spend my mother 's money . 
 hafiz paid much of my meals , in exchange i did errands for him . 
 seriously , your brother is a slave driver ! '' 
 she responded `` but really , if they added up your own gpa and what you contributed to hafiz 's , you could have graduated magna cumlaude . '' 
 added rahmat . 
 `` that 's right ! '' 
 she agreed . 
 `` so how did you and bang ali meet ? '' 
 dewi changed the subject to something that interested her more . 
 `` the princess visited our house last week . '' 
 ali responded without going into details . 
 `` oh , you did ? '' 
 rahmat 's interest awakens by this news . 
 `` so you saw hafiz did you ? '' 
 `` i did ! '' 
 paramita said . 
 `` and ... . ? '' 
 rahmat wanting to know more . 
 `` and nothing . 
 i apologized to him if you wanted to know . 
 he accepted and apologized to me too . '' 
 `` technically he did n't do anything wrong to you personally , you are conscious of that are n't you ? 
 it was you who punched him and broke his nose , and you would have caused him more harm , if i did n't hold you back ! '' 
 `` i was defending my friend 's honor ! '' 
 she said defensively . 
 `` you broke my brother 's nose ? '' 
 ali was surprised . 
 they spontaneously looked at ali but ignored him and continued the conversation between themselves . 
 `` well , i honestly could n't say that he did n't deserve it . '' 
 rahmat responded . 
 `` i might of have reacted the same way if i was the first to hear the news . '' 
 `` exactly ! '' 
 she said satisfied with herself . 
 `` so what was it about , exactly ? '' 
 ali said again trying to get their attention . 
 `` why did you break my brother 's nose , and why did rahmat indicate that he deserved it ? 
 did he do something to offend you , princess ? '' 
 paramita took a deep breath , `` listen . 
 i do n't think it is right for me to tell you . 
 especially since he is not here to defend his side of the story . '' 
 `` so it did n't have anything to do with you ? '' 
 ali still would n't let go of the subject . 
 `` no ! '' 
 paramita responded curtly . 
 ali involuntarily exhaled in relief . 
 an act that did n't go unnoticed by dewi . 
 rahmat felt the air becoming tense , he slapped mita 's arm gently and said , `` hey , do you remember the banner that you put in front of the campus ? 
 did you know he was actually happy at first ? 
 that was before someone explained the meaning to him . '' 
 paramita laughed so hard her stomach started to hurt , `` i 'm sure he 'll hate my guts for decades to come . '' 
 `` he started cursing you ancestors , and i bet he 's probably still doing it . '' 
 `` which is dumb by the way , because were third cousins , so my ancestors are his ancestors . '' 
 `` some people just do n't learn , do they ? 
 if i was him , after you broke my nose , i would have stayed clear away from you . '' 
 ali coughed to get their attention , `` look , right in front of us is alpha shopping mall . 
 the third floor is the food plaza , there a several restaurants there . 
 restaurants , not franchise chain eat outs . 
 my favorites are ; fumiko japanese food , casa taco mexican food , daily bakery they have great sandwiches there , rumah makan -lsb- 9 -rsb- kita sells excellent local cuisine , and there is rumah makan padang -lsb- 10 -rsb- bu noor which is indonesian padang cooking , there are others too , but i was n't impressed with any of them . '' 
 ali explained . 
 `` which one sells fried duck ? '' 
 paramita asked . 
 `` none ! '' 
 ali said , but added , `` do you feel like eating fried duck meat ? '' 
 `` not really , i was testing your knowledge of local hangouts . '' 
 she replied coldly . 
 this made ali smile . 
 `` i recommend that we try rumah makan kita , i 'm sure the princess has never tried jothar 's common folk 's food . '' 
 `` fair enough '' paramita answered . 
 chapter six the restaurant was simple , but the food was surprisingly good and fresh . 
 rahmat was in high spirit , telling funny stories about the time they studied together , paramita added her point of view to the things that happened . 
 once they ran out of material , they ate in silence . 
 to avoid awkwardness , paramita tried to make a conversation with dewi . 
 `` so miss dewi , i hear that you are a rather popular singer from indonesia . 
 do you spend a lot of time here , in wirakarta ? '' 
 `` i do , i even have a house here . 
 a lot of my recordings are done here also , at the studio in the east side of the city . 
 and most importantly i want to spend as much time as i can with abang ali . '' 
 she answered . 
 `` and what genre of music do you sing ? '' 
 `` pop melancholy , i also act in several television dramas . 
 both here and in my country . '' 
 `` wow , you are an incredible woman ... . . '' 
 paramita complemented with all honesty . 
 `` to tell you the truth , i have never heard any of your songs or seen your dramas . 
 so you must forgive me for the questions . 
 and it 's not because i do n't want to , but it 's because i lived all my life abroad , and there was hardly any exposure to jothar 's popular culture . '' 
 dewi smiled , `` i see , and what do you like doing in your spare time , puteri ? '' 
 `` at this moment hardly anything , i 'm still settling in and adapting to the new culture and environment . 
 especially the climate here , i do love the warm weather . 
 but back home , eh , i mean back in england , i used to do sports , i would practice sports in my free time . '' 
 `` oh ? 
 what sport do you practice ? '' 
 dewi asked her . 
 `` karate and jodo , i like martial arts , in fact , i 'm interested learning silat . '' 
 `` that 's why you were able to break hafiz 's nose when you sucker punched him , '' rahmat said . 
 `` i did n't sucker punch him , i called him before i threw the punch . 
 now , if he has bad reflexes it 's not my fault . '' 
 she poked her tongue at him . 
 `` sure ... ... '' rahmat teased . 
 `` but i do n't know if it 's a good idea for you to join silat . '' 
 `` why ? 
 because it 's not feminine ? '' 
 paramita replied with a question . 
 `` no , not because of that . 
 silat movements are dance based , and you have less rhythm than a heart attack . '' 
 he said frankly , they all laughed . 
 `` that 's not necessarily a problem . '' 
 ali giving his opinion , `` actually the music is played during performance or practice for a performance , but not necessarily in everyday training . 
 if you like , i can take you to watch a training session so you can understand what it 's about . '' 
 `` do you know a good school ? '' 
 paramita asked with interest . 
 `` i do , '' ali answered , `` i 've been a teacher of the art for several years now . '' 
 paramita nodded , `` at least you 're not as useless as your brother . '' 
 she said to herself . 
 `` well , enough about me . '' 
 she said changing the subject , `` raden ali and miss dewi , how long have you two been together ? '' 
 dewi smiled , `` three years now , three happy years . '' 
 `` three years is a long time , do you plan to marry ? '' 
 paramita asked again . 
 dewi looked at ali , he was the one that answered for her . 
 `` of course we do . 
 but not right away . 
 dewi has some contractual activities that she has to comply with . 
 as soon as she finishes with all that , we will start planning the wedding . '' 
 `` i see , '' paramita said , `` and do you want to have the wedding here or in miss dewi 's country ? '' 
 `` in our culture the wedding ceremony is usually celebrated by the family of the bride , then we have another ceremony to receive the daughter in law by the groom 's family . '' 
 `` oh , i did n't know that , i 've never assisted a traditional jothar wedding ceremony before . 
 and so both jothar and indonesia are from the same ethnic groups , the alam melayu -lsb- 11 -rsb- , is there any difference in customs ? '' 
 `` there are some difference yes . 
 but the outline is basically the same . 
 first the groom 's family have to go the bride 's family to ask for her hand in marriage , then the engagement ceremony , after that you have the marriage registration , the ceremonial shower , where the family pours water on the bride and groom cleansing them , followed by sanding which is basically the reception , where you have the bride and groom sit together for everyone to congratulate them . '' 
 ali explained . 
 `` interesting . 
 so if you have your wedding , your family will fly to jakarta , they will arrange another party here . '' 
 `` that 's right . '' 
 he said with a smile . 
 `` so tell me , how did you meet , and how did you start dating . '' 
 dewi 's eyes beamed with happiness . 
 `` we actually were introduced by a friend of mine at his company 's party . 
 i was singing there . 
 he was the most handsome man in the party . 
 do you know that bang ali is the most eligible bachelor in wirakarta ? '' 
 `` is he now ? 
 congratulations . 
 and so how did you end up dating ? '' 
 paramita asked again . 
 `` well , dewi was not only contracted to sing at the party but to be a spokesperson in one of the company 's social campaign . 
 we kept seeing each other more often , one thing lead to another , and we ended up dating . '' 
 `` how nice ... . '' 
 `` what about you , puteri ? 
 are you seeing anyone ? '' 
 dewi asked her . 
 `` me ? 
 no , no , by no means . 
 that is a luxury beyond my reach . '' 
 she replied . 
 `` why is that ? '' 
 dewi asked again . 
 `` dewi , the members of the royal family have their future spouses ' determined by the sultan , '' ali answered instead of paramita . 
 `` i understand that . '' 
 dewi insisted , `` but puteri paramita was n't a princess until recently , i 'm sure as a commoner she had dated before , specially living abroad , westerners are more , shall we say , opened to this than we are , i 'm sure you 've had some adventures to tell . '' 
 paramita stood up abruptly causing her chair to fall down and made a loud crashing sound . 
 she stood there without bothering to pick it up . 
 paramita smiled with annoyance . 
 she can see in which direction dewi is trying to bring the conversation , `` patience , patience . '' 
 she told herself . 
 `` raden ali , i thank you sincerely for the invitation , but i will pay for my food thank you . 
 `` seeing paramita 's expression , ali answered , `` dewi , that was not right and it sounded offensive , you should ... ... . '' 
 `` not at all . '' 
 said paramita once she had calmed down , `` miss dewi , i spent most of my younger days pursuing things that i considered the more useful and interesting in life . 
 and boys were not one of them . 
 at this moment , i 'm only twenty-three years old , and if i had the freedom to choose , men , dating and marriage are the least of my worries . 
 you know it 's getting late , i think i should be heading back to the palace now . '' 
 ali panicked , `` puteri , please forgive dewi , she did n't mean to offend you . '' 
 `` raden ali , she did n't offend me , she insulted me , now excuse me , i have to go ! '' 
 she turned to rahmat , `` i 'm sure you can arrange your own ride home . '' 
 she turned around walked to the cashier and paid , and left the restaurant . 
 ali followed behind her , `` wait , please wait . '' 
 he called out paramita turned around facing him , `` what is it ? '' 
 `` let me at least drive you back to the sultan 's palace . '' 
 he said . 
 paramita looked at him viciously , `` hmmm , i do n't think your girlfriend will be too thrilled with that idea , she might even think that i 'll try to ravish you on the way . '' 
 ali 's heart thumped at her words , his face blushed . 
 paramita realized her mistake , `` do n't get me wrong , i said that because i was angry at your girlfriend 's insinuation about me , i ... ... i 'm not trying to imply anything to you . 
 i 'm not that kind of woman . '' 
 `` i would n't dare . '' 
 he replied . 
 `` thank you for your offer , but i think i 'll take a taxi . 
 goodbye raden ali , thank you for taking me to this restaurant . '' 
 she said as she walked away . 
 ali walked into the restaurant and sat back in his seat . 
 `` dewi , how can you talk without thinking ? 
 she 's right you insinuated that the sultan 's daughter was a tramp , a loose woman . '' 
 rahmat added , `` from her reaction , she was very offended by your words . 
 if i know paramita well , she 's not going to let it go easily . '' 
 he said intending to psych dewi . 
 `` but i did n't mean to offend her ! '' 
 dewi said defiantly , `` and what can she do to me anyway , she 's just the illegitimate daughter of the sultan who was recently acknowledged . '' 
 `` dewi , i ca n't believe you said that , illegitimate or not , she is still the ruling monarch 's daughter , insulting a member of the royal family is punishable by death . 
 and why were you so mean to her ? 
 i did n't see that she did anything to provoke that treatment from you . '' 
 `` why do keep defending her , bang ? 
 and what are you saying punishable by death ? '' 
 she yelled . 
 `` i 'm not defending her . 
 it 's the truth . 
 and besides i 'm worried about you . '' 
 dewi i hate to say this , but maybe you need to leave jothar immediately , and you should stay away until we understand the situation . '' 
 rahmat continued provoking her and throwing fuel in the flame . 
 * * * in the taxi , paramita was shaking her head . 
 `` dewi chandrawati , if you hate me now , wait till you find out about the surprise waiting for you ! '' 
 * * * ali was n't in the mood to do anything else for the rest of the day . 
 after dropping dewi at the gate of her house , he drove home immediately . 
 he felt his steps heavy when he got down from his car and entered his house . 
 maya greeted him at the door . 
 `` raden , your parents told me to tell you to come to the living room to talk to them as soon as you arrive . '' 
 `` do you know what it 's about ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` no raden . '' 
 ali walked to the living room . 
 he felt that the air was tense . 
 could it be possible that his parents already heard about what happened between dewi and paramita ? 
 did she complain to the sultan , and he in turn talked to raden hamza ? 
 it ca n't be , only 2 hours had passed since the restaurant incident . 
 the wide door to the living room was closed , giving him a more tense feeling . 
 he knocked then opened it without waiting for an answer . 
 everybody was there even hafiz , they were watching television . 
 when raden hamza saw him entering he turned it off . 
 ali felt like he was a kid again waiting for his report card result . 
 `` how was your day ? '' 
 `` it was interesting . 
 dewi came to my office for a surprise visit , she came earlier than expected ... ... '' he stopped his sentence , when he saw raden hamza turn to his wife upon hearing dewi 's name , `` is there anything wrong , father ? '' 
 `` take a seat ali , there is something i need to tell you . 
 this involves hafiz too , that 's why he 's here . '' 
 ali 's heart skipped a beat , but he sat down beside raden nabilla . 
 `` his majesty sultan called me to his personal office this morning . 
 he wanted to discuss the marriage plan , and set a date for the peminangan ceremony . '' 
 raden hamza paused . 
 ali was relieved to hear that the subject of the conversation was about the arranged marriage and not the fiasco that happened today . 
 `` that 's good father , did you and his majesty sultan set the date yet ? '' 
 `` yes we did , since we need to prepare the dowry and align our extended family , we have set the date for two weeks from now . 
 the wedding will take place in two months from then . 
 the official announcement and press release will be done in a few days . 
 we need to tell your mother and ask her if she will be attending , or if she wants to help with any contribution . '' 
 `` why is it so soon , and why would bang ali 's mother want to contribute to the wedding , father ? '' 
 hafiz asked thinking that his father 's words were strange . 
 `` well , if her son is getting married , it will only be natural ... . '' 
 raden nabilla said in a soft voice . 
 ali looked up in surprise , `` her son ? 
 me ? 
 mother , father , please do n't joke about these things ... . . '' 
 raden hamza sighed , `` it 's not a joke . 
 his majesty sultan has decided to grant you marriage to his daughter . '' 
 hafiz 's face brightened , he felt like a heavy weight had been taken off his chest . 
 `` so it 's not me that has to marry the princess ? '' 
 he started to do a small victory dance . 
 `` hafiz , control yourself ! '' 
 his mother rebuked . 
 `` me ? '' 
 ali 's voice was shaken , `` i thought you said that it was hafiz that was going to marry her . 
 what about dewi ? 
 how am i going to tell her ? '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' raden nabilla said trying to hold back her tears . 
 `` ali , his majesty sultan knows that you have a relationship with someone else . 
 he did tell me to ask you to end it immediately . 
 he also wanted me to remind you that we are a part of the royal family circle and that it is your obligation to put the country 's interest before your own . '' 
 `` father , i do n't know what to say . '' 
 ali paused , `` does puteri paramita know about this ? 
 if she did , why did n't she say anything to me when we were out at lunch today ? '' 
 `` you had lunch with puteri paramita ? '' 
 his father asked . 
 `` yes , when i was with dewi we met her a restaurant , she was with rahmat , you remember , hafiz 's friend . 
 well something happened in the restaurant that made all of us leave together to eat someplace else . '' 
 he deliberately did n't mention what happened afterward . 
 `` i believe she knows about it . '' 
 replied raden hamza . 
 `` father , please help me , i need to talk to her . '' 
 begged ali . 
 `` to puteri ? 
 why ? 
 if you want to talk her out of the marriage , that 's inappropriate . 
 it 's been decreed by the sultan , and to try to reject it will be treason , i understand that you are young and full of emotions , but you have to think of your family , do you really want to put us in harm 's way ? '' 
 `` of course , father . '' 
 he answered . 
 he realized that it was useless to argue with his father , `` please excuse me , it 's been a long day , and i would like to rest . '' 
 raden nabilla hugged him and gave him a kiss on his temple . 
 `` why do n't you take a shower , and sleep for a while . 
 you should think this through with a calm mind , make sure that you break this news gently to dewi . '' 
 * * * ali dragged himself to his room . 
 `` rahmat , if anybody can set up a meeting between me and puteri , it would be him . '' 
 he thought . 
 he picked up the phone and called rahmat 's office , luckily he still kept the phone number from the time they were arranging the surprise birthday party for hafiz . 
 the phone rang for a while , there was an answer from the other side . 
 `` good afternoon , how may i help you ? '' 
 a voice answered on the other side . 
 `` good afternoon , i am looking for mister rahmat azlan , is he available ? '' 
 `` yes he is , please wait while i transfer you to him . '' 
 ali had to listen to two minutes of annoying phone music before he heard a familiar voice . 
 `` hello , this is rahmat azlan . '' 
 `` rahmat , this is ali ! '' 
 `` abang , what 's up ? 
 did anything happen to dewi ? '' 
 `` no , no ... nothing , but listen , i need your help , i need to talk to puteri paramita , you 're her friend , can you please arrange that for me ? '' 
 `` of course . 
 i will call her now . 
 listen , about what happened today at the restaurant , do n't think too much about it . 
 mita holds grudges and she can be petty , but she 'll never do something to harm other people . 
 plus she never likes to hide behind authority , the worst thing she will do is probably avoid dewi , or if they 're unlucky enough to meet in public , she 'll probably make sarcastic comments to her face . 
 as long as dewi acts humble and realizes her mistake , as she should have from the beginning , there should n't be any problem . '' 
 `` is that so ? 
 do you think she 'll physically harm dewi ? 
 today you said she broke hafiz 's nose a few years ago . '' 
 `` well , first , what dewi did could never be compared to what hafiz did . 
 and second mita does n't use violence on people weaker than herself , if she was that type of person , she would have hit dewi there and then . 
 she 's really a great person once you get to know her . '' 
 `` get to know her , '' ali repeated , his voice was ironic . 
 `` okay , i 'll call you back a soon as i finish talking to mita . '' 
 `` okay buddy , thanks . 
 bye . '' 
 ali took the opportunity to shower . 
 he barely had time to wrap a towel around his waist when the phone rang . 
 `` hello , '' he answered . 
 `` abang , this is rahmat ! '' 
 `` oi , mat , how did it go ? '' 
 said ali while sitting on his bed . 
 `` i talked to mita , she said you can come to see her at seven o’clock tonight at her residence . 
 she lives in the east wing pavilion at the palace . '' 
 `` east wing pavilion ? 
 but is n't that used for guest accommodation for lower level state visitors ? '' 
 `` i do n't know about that , '' rahmat said . 
 `` okay bang , make sure you do n't come late . '' 
 `` i know , thank you , mat . '' 
 `` no problem , let me know if you need anything else , you can count on me . '' 
 `` thanks again . '' 
 he said as he ended the phone call . 
 ali checked the clock on his nightstand , five thirty . 
 enough time to get dressed and drive there . 
 he was about to step out of his room , when the phone rang . 
 he turned back to answer . 
 `` hello , '' he said . 
 `` abang , it 's me . '' 
 a female voice `` dewi , what 's wrong ? '' 
 `` i miss you , we did n't have a chance to talk properly earlier , i 've decided that i 'm not going to run away from jothar , that woman does n't have any evidence against me , and i 'm sure that neither you or rahmat will say anything that will incriminate me . '' 
 the last thing he wanted to do now was to talk to her . 
 much less if it involves paramita he has n't decided yet on how he should tell dewi about his arranged marriage `` my love , i 'm heading out now , i have an appointment at seven , and i 'll call you back later when i get home ! '' 
 `` where are you going ? 
 can you stop by my house later ? '' 
 `` i do n't think that 's a good idea . '' 
 `` what do you mean by that ? '' 
 `` not today , my love . 
 i 'm going to ... '' he hesitated for a while but continued ' `` i 'm going to talk to puteri paramita . '' 
 `` why do you need to talk to her ? '' 
 dewi 's voice was getting higher , `` i told you i 'm not afraid of her . '' 
 `` dewi , it 's not that simple . '' 
 he tried coaxing her . 
 `` abang ... '' her voice sounded upset , `` i do n't want you to go near her . 
 i do n't want you to meet her . '' 
 `` dewi , we 'll talk later , okay ? 
 i 'm running late , bye '' he hung up without waiting for her response . 
 the phone rang again as he walked out , he chose to ignore it . 
 getting into an argument with dewi is n't something that he has the energy to face now . 
 chapter seven paramita arrived at the palace still feeling annoyed . 
 she walked straight into her room , ignoring the staff 's greetings , put on her sweat pants without changing her shirt , and changed her high heel boots to her sneakers and walked out . 
 she arrived at garden and started to run . 
 exercising always helps her to calm down . 
 she had run three laps around the east wing pavillion , when she saw mak noor approaching her , she stopped and dropped herself on the grass . 
 `` what happen to you my princess ? '' 
 asked mak noor while handing her a bottle of water . 
 `` nothing really serious , mak . '' 
 she answered , `` just a minor problem . '' 
 `` hmmm , if it 's a minor problem , then why are you so upset that you 're exercising at this hour ? '' 
 paramita sighed , `` today when i went out to meet with rahmat , i accidentally bumped into raden ali and his girlfriend . 
 they invited us to join them for lunch , we talked about this and that , and suddenly out of the blue , she insinuated that i was a loose woman , and had many experiences with men , because i was raised in england . '' 
 `` and that made you angry ? '' 
 `` yes it did , it hit me at my most sensitive spot , and you know how i feel about those things , especially because my mother had me out-of-wedlock . '' 
 `` you 're wrong , my dear . 
 your mother did n't have you out-of-wedlock , your parents were married by religion , but not registered by law . 
 in the eyes of god , you are the legitimate daughter of your father . 
 i was there when your parents were married , i even still have photos of the ceremony . 
 the reason why your mother left your father was because the queen did n't give permission for her husband to officially take another wife , and you mother could n't accept that . '' 
 `` is that so ? 
 good for her . 
 that actually improves my mother 's image a bit . 
 but who told her to get involved with a married man in the first place . 
 would n't it have been better if she married a man who was single , even though he 's not as rich or powerful as the sultan ? 
 and it does n't change the fact that she was almost always absent from my life and was only there to nag me about my `` birth rights '' or so she called it . '' 
 `` children should not judge their parents . '' 
 `` i know , i know ... . '' 
 a maid came running over with a cordless phone , `` your highness puteri , there 's a call for you from mr. rahmat azlan . '' 
 `` what now ? '' 
 she wondered , `` hello mat . '' 
 `` hello , your highness puteri paramita sawitri . '' '' 
 stop that , it makes me want to puke . '' 
 `` ha ha ha ... ... . . 
 how are you feeling , darling ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` after a few laps around my residence , i 'm feeling better . 
 i had to exercise to take off some steam . '' 
 `` that 's good , did you tell anybody about it ? '' 
 `` just mak noor , my nanny . 
 why ? '' 
 `` well , i do n't know if you are aware of this or not , but here in jothar , if someone were to insult the sultan or his family , depending on the extent of the insult , they can be dragged to court and trialed . '' 
 `` is that so ? 
 so insulting the sultan or his family is like getting a speeding or parking ticket huh ? '' 
 `` no , darling . 
 you do n't get fined . 
 you can either rot in jail for two years or for the rest of your life or be hanged to death , depending on the extent of the insult . '' 
 `` oh my goodness , really ? 
 that 's no good . 
 that 's downright barbaric . '' 
 `` yep , so for your sake , i recommend you let it pass . 
 i mean can you sleep at night after sending someone to jail ? '' 
 `` i can ... ... ... though i might get addicted to sleeping pills . '' 
 `` ha ... ha ... ha yeah , i would be too . '' 
 `` mat , you know i 've been thinking , it looks like this dewi person hates me , does n't she ? '' 
 `` i wo n't go as far as to say that she hates you , but i would say that you 're not on her good side . 
 you know what , i think she thinks that you 're out to steal her boyfriend . '' 
 `` hmm , i see , well raden ali is handsome , rich , powerful and considerate , and so it 's not strange that she would be guarding him like a pit-bull . '' 
 `` handsome , rich , powerful and considerate ? 
 i wonder if she should be jealous of you . 
 i 've never heard you talk about a man like that before . 
 not even about your everlasting crush . 
 hafiz who coincidently is his brother . '' 
 rahmat teased , `` but speaking of bang ali , he wanted me to ask you if he can talk to you , tonight . '' 
 `` what does he want ? '' 
 `` well , probably to talk about dewi . 
 naturally he would want to make sure that his girlfriend is not in any trouble . 
 i mean she just arrived here . 
 and they probably did n't have time to snuggle up to each other . '' 
 `` on top of everything , i have to marry a man who 's in love with another woman . '' 
 paramita thought . 
 `` mat , why do n't you tell him not to bother ? 
 it 's not like i want to throw anybody in jail for saying stupid things . 
 sticks and stones can break my bones . '' 
 `` you should tell him yourself . 
 otherwise , he 's not going to feel reassured . '' 
 `` fine , if he wants to waste his time driving over here , to hear my one-liner , then tell him to come at seven . '' 
 `` perfect ! 
 i 'll let him know . '' 
 `` bye . '' 
 she said before he hung up . 
 `` puteri , is the raden ali you 're talking about , the same raden ali that is your future husband ? '' 
 asked mak noor . 
 `` yes , he is . '' 
 `` and he is in love with someone else ? '' 
 `` yes , and you know what 's the worst part , mak ? 
 my father knows it , but he still wants me to marry raden ali . 
 obviously my happiness has never been a priority to him . '' 
 `` what are you going to do ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i do n't want to spend the rest of my life with someone who 's going to see me as a hindrance . 
 it 's not fair , i 'm still young , and have n't had a chance to live my life , and now , i have to go through all this . '' 
 `` why do n't you try talking to him ? '' 
 `` who ? 
 raden ali ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` what should i say ? '' 
 `` everything , what happened , how you feel , what you think is going on . 
 i 'm sure he will sympathize with you , you said it yourself on the phone earlier that he 's a considerate person . 
 besides , he has a girlfriend , so maybe he can be your ally to resolve this marriage issue . '' 
 `` you know mak . 
 you are right ! '' 
 she said confidently , `` my best chance right now is to be friends with him , and convince him to work together to solve this problem . 
 i have to make him understand that it was n't me who wanted to destroy his relationship with his girlfriend , by forcing him into marriage . '' 
 `` good , why do n't you get up and take a shower , you should n't meet him smelling all sweaty like that . '' '' 
 oh , do i have to ? 
 it 's not like i want to attract him or anything . '' 
 `` you should know that men are visual creature , and they usually judge people by their appearance . 
 you 're more likely to win his sympathy if you look beautiful and smell nice , than looking and smelling like a construction worker . '' 
 `` fine ! 
 but i want to take a bubble bath , with lots of bubbles and with my rubber duckies . '' 
 `` of course , i 'll scrub your back . '' 
 mak noor helped her up , then they both entered the building . 
 * * * getting to the sultan 's palace was n't difficult , it was located distantly from most commercial areas , so the traffic there is never heavy . 
 this was purposely arranged for better control over the security of the sultan 's palace itself . 
 after identifying himself to several layers of guard posts , he arrived at the parking lot of the east wing . 
 security here was tight , but not as tight as the sultan 's inner residence . 
 he stepped out of the car and walked to the main entrance , the guards had already announced his arrival , so there was an attendant waiting for him there . 
 `` raden burhanuddin ali , i am here to escort you to the lounge room . '' 
 `` thank you . '' 
 he replied . 
 they walked past the huge garden , and through several lengthy corridors before they reached the lounge room . 
 it was a very large room , with 5 different sitting areas . 
 the room itself was decorated with traditional ornaments , and all the furniture was also in the traditional style , hand crafted by jothar 's best carpenters . 
 `` raden , please take a seat . 
 her highness puteri paramita sawitri , will be here in a few minutes . '' 
 he backed away and stood at the entrance of the lounge room . 
 ali chose the middle seating area . 
 not too close to the guard and not too far either . 
 he realized that the guard will remain there during his visit in order to act as a chaperon for them . 
 although jothar does n't fully adopt all religious laws , but there were strict guidelines to men and women 's proximity , especially with inner members of the royal family , and more so towards the female members . 
 ali heard sounds of high heel shoes clacking against the floor . 
 he saw paramita entering , followed by an older lady . 
 paramita signed for the older lady to sit in a different area from where he is sitting at . 
 then she walked over to him . 
 `` good evening raden ali . 
 did you want to meet me ? 
 if you are here to talk about your girlfriend , you do n't have to worry , i was told by rahmat that an insult like that can be punishable by imprisonment or even death . 
 although i have n't forgotten what your girlfriend said , and much less forgiven it , but sending her to jail over a small matter like that , is too much . '' 
 she bombarded him without giving him a chance to respond . 
 `` puteri , thank you for your leniency towards dewi , i apologize on her behalf . 
 if there is something i can do to ... '' `` no ! 
 do n't bother , i do n't accept your apology on her behalf , it 's her that has to apologize , not you . '' 
 she said curtly . 
 `` there is another thing that i wanted to talk to you about . '' 
 he hesitated for a moment , `` when i arrived home today , i was advised by my father , that instead of my brother hafiz , it 's me that has been appointed by his majesty sultan to marry you . '' 
 `` appointed ? 
 you ? '' 
 she laughed , she peered over to the guard , she said in a lower voice . 
 `` you 're wrong ! 
 do n't you understand ? 
 it was me that was appointed to marry you ! 
 that 's why they dragged me here to this country ! '' 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 ali was confused . 
 `` i first heard of ayanda 's plan to acknowledge me as his daughter about two years ago , when i visited home from college . 
 my mother told me that she and ayahnda had been talking about this for many months . 
 this seemed strange to me , because if my father wanted to acknowledge me , why not before ? 
 why wait for so long , adding to that , my mother told me that he also decided to find me a husband and have me marry someone of my `` stature '' . '' 
 her voice sounded cynical . 
 `` obviously i could n't refuse my mother 's insistence , but i also could n't accept it without understanding the circumstances . 
 so i started to find out more about jothar , the royal family and my father . 
 after back reading so many newspapers , i found it strange that my father would delay marrying off my three half-sisters until after they reached 25 years of age , in-fact in interviews he said that he wanted to give them a chance to study and work before marrying , and he encouraged the people of jothar to do the same '' she paused . 
 `` i do n't see anything strange about that , '' ali said `` why does he intend to marry me off at twenty-three , with a much older man ? '' 
 she refuted . 
 ali coughed , this was the first time somebody ever called him a much older man over a seven year age gap . 
 he felt a dent in his pride . 
 `` i did very well at school , and i had a promising future , so why cut my wings ? 
 why me ? 
 the daughter he had forgotten for so long , why acknowledge me and then marry me off in no time ? '' 
 `` maybe he wanted to ensure that you have a comfortable life . '' 
 `` seriously ? 
 who 's to decide that i need a comfortable life ? 
 or maybe i can create one for myself . '' 
 `` okay , what else ? '' 
 `` so i reviewed the situation from another angle . 
 what if , acknowledging me was n't an act of fatherly instinct , but a necessity , to achieve the goal which is a marriage alliance ? '' 
 `` well , this might sound cold , but that 's not such a big revelation , political marriages are a common thing in prominent families , in fact , your brothers and sisters are in arranged political marriages . '' 
 `` will you stop interrupting me , i have n't finished my story ! '' 
 she almost yelled . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 `` thank you ! 
 now , where was i ? 
 oh , so he needed to have a certain person as his son-in-law , but he does n't have any daughters left , that 's why he turned to his last resort . 
 his estranged daughter living in england . 
 soon after i got back to cambridge , i received an invitation to go to the embassy . 
 i met with his excellency dato fahmi wiadi , he congratulated me and handed me a new national id and passport with my new title beautifully printed in it . 
 so from that day on , i officially had a father . 
 but when i graduated from college , was he there ? 
 no ! 
 okay maybe because of security reasons or state reasons , or whatever , but the lack of a phone call or a congratulatory card or even flowers , was evidence of how much he cared about me . 
 instead , when i got home , my mother handed me a one way flight ticket . 
 two months ago when i arrived here , after i got introduced to my father , and settled into my residence , i was given a file containing information of the family of raden hamza , his wife and his two sons , one of which would be my husband . 
 but the curious thing is that you were in all the photos . 
 in all the individual reports for your family members , the photos put there were from events and you were in the background . 
 but in the report about you , it was a single official document photo . 
 i find it impossible that my father could n't get a document style photo for raden hamza . 
 when i was in college i participated in an independent research on subliminal messages , so i know how to search for these things , and this one popped out like a sore thumb to me . '' 
 ali digested her story for a while before asking , `` do you know that you talk like a machine gun ? 
 it 's kind of hard to digest your words . 
 but why do you say that you were appointed to be my wife , and not me that 's appointed to be your husband ? '' 
 `` you really ca n't figure it out ? 
 do n't tell me you 're that naive ! 
 i was able to understand it within the first month . 
 my father was n't looking for a husband to be for me . 
 he was looking for a way to bring you into the family . 
 of course he could n't be so obvious about it , because he needed to protect his cousin whom he loves like a brother , your father , from having to take nagging from his wife . 
 the best way to do that was by making her believe that her son can have the chance to be the second in line to the throne . 
 why do you think he waited for the last-minute to tell your father that he wanted you instead of your brother , and set the wedding so soon , almost like a shotgun marriage ? 
 so it would n't cause awkwardness in your household . '' 
 `` can i ask you something , please ? 
 do n't be offended ! '' 
 ali said carefully . 
 `` go ahead ! '' 
 she replied . 
 `` are you one of those crazy conspiracy theory aficionados ? 
 because you certainly sound like one . '' 
 chapter eight `` you idiot ! '' 
 she replied slapping his shoulder . 
 mak noor looked at her disapprovingly . 
 `` but seriously , that 's a far fetch and wild theory . 
 how did you come up with that ? 
 i mean what did you base that theory on ? '' 
 he asked her . 
 `` because of your popularity with the younger and higher educated generation of the country . 
 and since ayahnda sultan only has one son who is the crown prince , also he has a bad relationship with pangeran bashir , and pangeran karim has no children , this is the kill two birds with one stone solution . '' 
 `` hmm , okay , that part makes sense ! '' 
 he said almost to himself `` of course it does . 
 with the current popular call out to form a parliament , having a reformist in the throne line , he will gain the support of the younger age group , which is the majority of the population . '' 
 she said reassuringly , she added , `` so now if you came here to cry victim , you 're barking up the wrong tree . 
 i 'm not too excited to be marrying you either , and for your information , one of the two times that i visited the jothar embassy in london , was to vote for pro parliament in the referendum ! '' 
 ali sat quiet thinking about the situation , a palace maid came and served some tea . 
 paramita feeling her throat dry from all that nonstop talking picked up a cup . 
 `` please go ahead and drink . '' 
 she offered him out of politeness . 
 ali also took a sip of the tea , `` to tell you the truth , i think what you said kind of makes a little sense , but that does n't necessarily mean that it 's true . 
 although you may find it hard to believe , convenient coincidences do happen in real life , and not everything is a vile and intricate conspiracy . 
 have you spoken about this to anyone else ? '' 
 `` no , just you . 
 because i see you as the other party affected by this . '' 
 `` okay , please let 's keep this between us . 
 especially if your theory about the strategy against the pro parliament movement is right , you should be more careful to whom you tell it to . '' 
 he looked at his watch , `` i better go now . 
 it 's getting late . 
 can we meet again ? 
 there are some other things we need to talk about . '' 
 `` we can meet for lunch sometime tomorrow if you like , i have some errands to do at the bank , and i can meet you someplace . '' 
 `` okay , that 's a good plan . 
 here is my business card , please call me when you finished your business , and we can arrange it from there . '' 
 `` sounds like a plan , i 'll see you soon . '' 
 `` goodbye , puteri . '' 
 `` we 're friends now , you can call me mita . '' 
 `` mita , see you tomorrow . '' 
 he said gently . 
 the guard followed him out and escorted him to his car . 
 he started the engine and drove away . 
 * * * the meeting did n't go as he expected . 
 he did n't even get a chance to speak , paramita kept talking and talking . 
 she was quite different from he expected , he usually did n't like to be around younger women , because they did n't have anything to say that would interest him , even with dewi sometimes , who was only three years younger than him , he would sometimes , go into autopilot and say `` yes , my love . '' 
 during their conversations . 
 he thought maybe it 's because they are stuck in the same situation at this moment , so listening to her view and thoughts on the situation was interesting . 
 from the first time he saw her , he found himself drawn to her . 
 not only by her physical appearance , but more so by her personality . 
 she is every bit as insolent as hafiz had said she was , but she not at all petty . 
 they had a considerate age gap between them , but that did n't intimidate her . 
 he also loved her sense of humor . 
 ali took a right turn arriving at the front of his father 's mansion . 
 one of the staff opened the gate to let him in . 
 he whistled as he entered the mansion . 
 he crossed hafiz as he was walking up the stairs to his bedroom . 
 `` you 're in a good mood , did you go to see dewi ? '' 
 `` no , i have n't decided how i 'm going to tell her this news . '' 
 `` oh ? 
 but you look so happy and you 're even whistling , i thought dewi accepted your arranged marriage , forgave you and was willing to be your second wife . '' 
 ali suddenly thought of paramita and smiled , `` i do n't think there 's a slightest chance in the world that something like that is going to happen . '' 
 `` yeah , '' he agreed , and added . 
 `` so where did you go ? '' 
 `` i went to talk to mita , '' ali answered lightly `` mita ? '' 
 hafiz almost fell down the stairs in shock `` yes , rahmat helped me to arrange a meeting with her at the palace . '' 
 `` so you 're happy because , she agreed to cancel the marriage ? '' 
 `` i do n't think she can cancel it on her own account , even though she does n't agree to it . '' 
 `` and so why are you happy ? '' 
 hafiz was baffled . 
 `` i do n't really know actually , we talked a bit today , she was actually very funny . 
 but since we have n't finished talking , so we 've agreed to meet again tomorrow . '' 
 ali explained . 
 `` i do n't understand you ! 
 a few hour ago , you acted like your world had just caved in , because father told you to marry puteri paramita , and now here you are , calling her by her pet name , you visited her in the palace , and arranging a date . '' 
 `` it 's not a date , mita and i are going to resume our conversation from today . '' 
 `` mita and i ? 
 oh , so the two of you are an item now ? 
 is n't that a little too fast ? 
 have you really accepted her ? 
 or are you seeing her as a stepping stone to a better future ? '' 
 `` hafiz ! 
 how dare you talk to me like that ? 
 i 'm your older brother ! '' 
 an older brother who is taking advantage of a woman because of her position . '' 
 `` what 's your problem , it 's not like you wanted to marry her , i can still remember all your whining and your childish victory dance today when father told us about the sultan 's decision . '' 
 ali was starting to get upset at his brother 's behavior . 
 `` the problem is not that i want to marry her or not , the problem is that you had your eye on her , even though you thought she was going to marry me . 
 and it 's not because you feel something for her , it 's because you want to take advantage of her ! '' 
 `` who said i had my eye on her ? '' 
 `` oh ? 
 tell me all that whistling and the grin on your face , was n't because of you thinking of your promising future . '' 
 `` hafiz ! '' 
 `` see you ca n't deny it ! 
 i bet there is no way that you started to be interested in her . 
 you did n't even waste time to go and see her . 
 you 're an opportunist ! '' 
 `` shut up ! '' 
 ali yelled while grabbing hafiz 's collar and pushing him against the wall . 
 he lifted his fist to punch his brother when there was a sudden shout . 
 `` stop it , please ! 
 the both of you , what 's going on here ! '' 
 it was raden nabilla who ran out of her room upon hearing the commotion , raden hamza was beside her , and then with wide strides , he walked over to his sons , and pried them apart . 
 `` what nonsense is this ? '' 
 raden hamza shouted at them . 
 `` i never raised you to yell and fight with each other . '' 
 `` what happened ? 
 why are the two of you like this ? '' 
 raden nabilla asked . 
 `` ask hafiz , all of a sudden he accused me of backstabbing him , '' ali replied `` hafiz , what is this about backstabbing ? '' 
 raden hamza looked at his younger son . 
 `` did you know where he came from ? '' 
 hafiz pointed at his brother , `` he went to visit puteri paramita at the palace . 
 and now he 's acting all familiar with her , calling her by her pet name and all , and he told me that they 're going out for lunch . 
 father how could it be possible that he suddenly grew interested in her in the last few hours . 
 he 's obviously got something up his sleeves . '' 
 `` hafiz , that 's enough , it 's late and i 'm too tired to listen to your nonsense , '' raden hamza told his son . 
 `` you complained when you thought that you had to marry her , and now you 're picking fights with your brother over ridiculous things . 
 look , at the end of the day puteri paramita will be marrying ali . 
 i sincerely hope that god listens to your words , and he becomes interested in her for whatever reason . 
 that way he would be saved from a lot of pain . 
 i 'm going back to sleep . 
 both of you go to your rooms . 
 adik , let 's go back to sleep . '' 
 * * * but raden nabilla did n't let him sleep , she sat on the bed and wept . 
 `` what is it now ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` you should have tried to persuade his majesty sultan to change his mind and choose hafiz . '' 
 she said between her weeps , `` abang , why do n't you go and talk to his majesty sultan again , i think ... ... . '' 
 raden hamza took a deep breath , `` i 've always respected you , i 've given you everything you asked for , and made true all your wishes . 
 i even divorced my wife to marry you . 
 this time , the situation is far beyond your closed selfish little world . 
 this matter is not opened for discussion , if you try to talk about it again or try to mention it to your family , i 'll divorce you without consideration for our years together , or our children . '' 
 raden nabilla was in shock , all she could do was watch her husband turnaround and pull up the covers . 
 just as he said , he had always been a doting and understanding husband . 
 he never once in all their years together , lifted his voice at her . 
 she watched his back as he laid beside her . 
 seeing his breathing , she realized that she had never been interested in what he was thinking or what he was going through outside the house . 
 he had always been her rock , her brick wall and the roof that protected her from the wind and the rain . 
 her life had been so protected , so prosperous and so carefree , that she never even once considered to stop and think , how and what he had to go through to give it to her . 
 `` abang , i 'm sorry . '' 
 that was all she could say , her voice seemed stuck in her throat . 
 he sat up and then turned around to face her , `` please trust me . 
 when have i ever done anything without a valid reason ? '' 
 she started to cry , `` you never have . 
 and i know you never will . 
 i 'm sorry , if this is your decision , i will support you in every way . '' 
 he hugged her tight . 
 `` you are so beautiful tonight , you smell great . '' 
 `` abang ... . . '' 
 she replied shyly . 
 `` come here '' he kissed her lips , and laid her down on the bed . 
 he reached his hand to her side of the nightstand and turned off the lamp . 
 chapter nine paramita opened her safe deposit box with care , took out the metal case and put it down gently on the metal table in the center of the room . 
 she took out a pouch carefully from her bag , she emptied the content carefully to her palm . 
 `` hello , my babies . '' 
 she grinned . 
 she held up one out of the twin perfectly round diamond that was kept in the pouch , and smiled widely . 
 these diamonds are small compared to the others that he gave her previously . 
 only weighing two carats each , but they are certified ; vvs2 , ideal cut , and e colored . 
 she could n't deny that ever since she arrived in jothar , her father had been very generous to her showering her with many valuable gifts besides her very sizable weekly allowance . 
 `` the poor guy is trying to buy my loyalty and obedience . '' 
 she thought to herself , `` but first , he has to pay up for all those years he was absent from my life . '' 
 she peered down to the case , twenty pouches of various gemstones and all gifts from him . 
 she made a mental calculation and smiled . 
 `` i 'll say this will cover about thirty percent of his debt , i 'm not a greedy person . 
 i still have n't added my allowance money for the past two months that i saved up and the gold in my safety box in my room at the palace . '' 
 she brought all the clothes , shoes and apparel her mother bought for her before she came here . 
 obviously they 're all luxury brands , so her mother wo n't lose face to her father 's wives . 
 her daily needs are included as part of the palace household expense , so she practically has no need for her allowance yet . 
 she put the case back in the safe deposit box , locked it , and left the room . 
 mak noor was waiting for her in the bank 's lobby , she handed paramita a bank book . 
 `` i 've deposited this week 's allowance in your bank account , puteri . 
 do you still have some cash on you ? '' 
 `` yes i do , mak . 
 i have n't spent all the money mama gave me for my trip here . 
 considering the amount , she must have thought that i had to pay for the first few days of my accommodations at the palace , '' she said sarcastically . 
 `` what a horrible daughter you are , you should quickly ask god to forgive your mean tongue before he punishes you . '' 
 said mak noor scolding her , `` your mama was worried that you would be missing anything , and wanted to make sure that you are well-taken care of . 
 after all , you are her only child . '' 
 `` i know , i know . 
 where did i put raden ali 's business card again ? '' 
 she said while raiding her handbag , she fished out a nokia 1610 along with the business card . 
 `` ah , here it is . 
 now i can try this new cell phone that they gave me this morning at the palace . 
 let 's see ... . '' 
 she punched in the numbers on the business card , but got an error tone she tried again , maybe she dialed the wrong number , `` what the ... ... '' suddenly she remembered , `` oh , that 's right i have to put in the area code . '' 
 there was a dial tone and there was a woman 's voice , `` hello ... '' getting a short greeting , paramita felt doubtful , `` is this karya bhumi ? '' 
 `` yes it is , what can i do for you ? '' 
 `` state-owned companies , they do n't even know how to train their receptionist to answer the phone properly , `` she grumbled to herself `` hello ... '' `` i 'm sorry , may i speak to raden burhanuddin ali ? '' 
 `` who is this ? '' 
 `` my name is paramita sawitri , he is expecting my call . '' 
 `` one moment , please hold while i verify ... '' the hold music turned on , a mechanical sounding fleur de lis . 
 `` miss paramita , i will transfer you to raden ali now . '' 
 `` thank you . '' 
 again the hold music . 
 `` hello , mita ? '' 
 a familiar voice on the other end `` hello , raden ali , how are you doing today ? '' 
 `` i 'm fine , thank you . 
 and you ? 
 did you get enough rest last night ? '' 
 `` excellent to hear that , i 'm fine , and i did . 
 i 've finished everything i had to do at the bank , where should i meet you for our appointment ? '' 
 `` it 's a little bit too early for lunch , right now . 
 why do n't you come to my office , we can talk here . '' 
 `` that sounds fine , i 'll go there to meet you . 
 i 'll see you when i get there . '' 
 she said . 
 `` okay , see you later . '' 
 after she finished talking to him on the phone , she turned to mak noor , `` he wants to meet at his office . '' 
 `` that 's okay , it 's an appropriate place to meet . '' 
 `` mak , give this to the driver , so he can read the address , '' she said while handing her the card , paramita got into the back seat of the car . 
 it turns out , that the office building was only four blocks away , it only took about twenty minutes to reach it . 
 it was a curved shape building , paramita estimated that it had at least five floors , she thought about counting the windows but decided that it would make her seem childish . 
 she asked mak noor to come inside with her , the building itself did n't have such a tight security , there was only one guard at the main entrance , at the end of the lobby was a curve shaped receptionist desk . 
 `` i am here to see raden burhanuddin ali . '' 
 she said to the receptionist . 
 `` may i know who 's asking for him , miss ? '' 
 the receptionist asked while flashing a pleasant smile . 
 `` i 'm paramita sawitri , he is expecting me . '' 
 the receptionist made a short phone call , then smiled to paramita , `` please go ahead , take the elevator to the fourth floor , then turn to your right . '' 
 `` thank you , miss. '' paramita and mak noor followed the receptionist direction , they saw a large table with a young chinese lady sitting there . 
 `` excuse me , good morning , i 'm looking for raden burhanuddin ali . '' 
 `` oh , wait here , let me announce you . 
 are you paramita sawitri ? '' 
 she responded nonchalantly . 
 `` yes i am . '' 
 she walked to the closed-door on her right-hand side , a few minutes later , she returned and told paramita to enter . 
 paramita asked mak noor to wait for her on the chairs in front of the receptionist 's desk . 
 she entered the office . 
 it was big and spacious with plenty of natural light coming from the big window on the far end . 
 raden ali was sitting on his desk , typing on his computer . 
 he looked up and smiled to her . 
 `` mita , please make yourself comfortable , while i finish this , it wo n't take long . '' 
 `` sure , '' she answered while sitting herself on the sofa . 
 `` do you want anything to drink ? '' 
 he asked her while getting up from his chair . 
 `` some cold water please . '' 
 he picked up the phone and ordered some water . 
 afterwards he walked over and sat near her on the sofa . 
 `` raden ali , i understand that last night , i did n't give you a chance to speak at all , i apologize for that . 
 so today i 'm here to listen and answer any questions you have . '' 
 ali smiled , `` let 's start by establishing what you should call me , you can call me abang . '' 
 `` no problem , abang . '' 
 `` okay , so as you know , i am in a relationship . 
 dewi ... . 
 , she does n't know that we are engaged yet , i have n't told her . 
 and from what i understood from our conversation last night , you do n't want to get married to me . . 
 ... '' `` i 'm sorry to cut you off this way , but i need to make myself clear , i do n't want to marry you , but i never said that i do not intend to go through with it . '' 
 `` oh ? 
 why is that ? '' 
 `` honestly , i have half a million good reasons , and i do n't intend to share them with you , so i 'll have to say that i 'll do this for the sake of my parents , '' the princess answered without a doubt . 
 `` i do n't understand ... '' her answer made him confused . 
 `` let 's leave it at i intend to go ahead with the marriage . '' 
 `` so why did you tell me , what you told me last night ? '' 
 `` that ? 
 that was just for the record , so you know clearly , that i 'm not exactly dying to be with you . '' 
 `` has anyone told you that you 're cold and insensitive ? '' 
 `` many times . '' 
 she replied with a smile . 
 ali put both hands over his head . 
 he did n't know if he felt annoyed by her intention to marry him , or felt amused by her bluntness . 
 `` regarding your girlfriend . '' 
 paramita paused . 
 `` i 'm not actually suggesting that we will spend the rest of our lives together . 
 do you understand , what i 'm trying to say ? '' 
 `` so you want to get married and divorce afterward ? '' 
 `` well , it 's not the correct thing to do , but at least everybody will be happy , my father will get his backup heir , my mother will feel relieved , and you will get a very prominent position in the country 's government and not to mention you can still end up with your girlfriend . 
 and everybody lives happily ever after . '' 
 `` and what about you ? 
 what will you gain from this ? 
 your three million reasons ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 let 's say that i will get a chance to start over , and pursue my dreams , without disappointing my parents . '' 
 `` marriage is not a game , you know , '' ali said , `` neither are feelings . '' 
 `` do you have a better solution ? '' 
 she said softly . 
 `` a solution that will give everyone what they want ? 
 that wo n't leave anyone hurting too much ? '' 
 in contrast to her confidence that she showed earlier , her voice sounded lonely and desperate . 
 ali felt something inside him move , she has a very complex personality , but decisive and mature for someone her age . 
 and although she puts up a hard and tough front , he 's certain that there is a young woman struggling to find happiness inside her . 
 `` have you ever fallen in love before ? '' 
 he asked her . 
 `` just once . '' 
 she answered looking down at her hands on her lap . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 `` it was unrequited . 
 then he got my best friend pregnant , so i had to forget him . '' 
 she said without explaining any details . 
 `` so you 've never dated anyone or had a boyfriend ? '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 she said sharply , `` are you going to insult and bully me like your girlfriend did yesterday ? '' 
 `` do n't be offended , i want to get to know you , and understand you . '' 
 `` well , let me tell you this , i never had a boyfriend , and i 'm determined to never fall in love again in my life . '' 
 `` you do n't want marriage ? 
 children ? '' 
 `` why ? 
 it 's not like there 's not enough miserable people in this world . '' 
 ali was speechless , so young , so beautiful , but so bitter . 
 there was a knock at the door and nancy came in with a tray of tea and water , she put down the tea in front of ali and the glass of water in front of paramita . 
 `` sorry , miss , '' paramita said to her . 
 `` can you please offer something to drink to my nanny ? '' 
 nancy sighed , and said , `` no problem . '' 
 she turned around and walked out . 
 `` please , take a drink . '' 
 he said while lifting his cup . 
 `` you have n't answered me yet . '' 
 she said to him . 
 `` answered what ? '' 
 `` will you go ahead with my plan ? '' 
 ali took a deep breath , `` it 's not like i can refuse the sultan 's decision for me to marry you , you know ! '' 
 `` good , it 's settled , '' paramita said with a victory smile . 
 `` this fool turns out to be a reliable ally . '' 
 she thought to herself . 
 things are going to be easier than expected . 
 chapter ten that night ali arrived at dewi 's house without the usual high expectation and excitement . 
 there was a heavy feeling weighing him down , making him feel exhausted and weary . 
 he sat quietly for a while to calm his mind , then got down and walked the short distance to her front gate . 
 he reached out his arm to press the doorbell button that 's located on the wall behind the main gate . 
 an older woman came out . 
 she recognized him immediately and opened the gate to let him in . 
 ali sighed , this house is so familiar to him . 
 the past three years he 's been visiting it every time dewi was in the country . 
 he entered the living room . 
 she was n't here yet . 
 she would always make him wait at least twenty minutes for her to get ready . 
 finally , she came out , as always , ali stood up , and she would rush into his arms to greet him . 
 `` i miss you . 
 i could n't sleep last night thinking that you were with that woman . 
 what did she say ? 
 did she threaten me ? '' 
 she asked enthusiastically . 
 `` dewi , why do n't we sit down ? 
 there is something very important that i have to tell you . '' 
 `` abang , you 're scaring me . '' 
 ali took a deep breath , `` i do n't know how to tell you this . 
 we 've been together for a long time , and you know that i 've been faithful to you , i 've always respected you , and loved you with all my heart . '' 
 dewi did n't know what to think , `` abang ... . '' 
 `` dewi , i ... i 'm sorry . '' 
 her face dropped , still not knowing what he wanted to say , but something inside her told her that it 's not good . 
 `` why are you sorry ? '' 
 `` yesterday , when i arrived home , my father gave me the news , that ... . '' 
 he paused , `` that i have been , shall i say chosen , by his majesty sultan to be his son in law . '' 
 `` what do you mean chosen to be his son-in-law ? '' 
 she understood what he said , but she found it hard to believe him . 
 `` i have to marry the sultan 's daughter . '' 
 `` marry the sultan 's daughter ? 
 and you accepted it ? 
 you agreed to it ? '' 
 `` i have to , i ca n't refuse . 
 to refuse a direct order from the sultan is treason . '' 
 dewi started to cry , `` so , you 're breaking up with me ? 
 you 're ending it between us ? '' 
 ali could n't say anything , he just sat there , with his head down , feeling torn and saddened . 
 `` the sultan 's daughter is that woman is n't she ? 
 paramita . 
 is that why you refused to see me last night ? 
 to be with her ? 
 do you find me no longer attractive ? 
 is that why you prefer a younger woman ? 
 what did i do to deserve this ? '' 
 she was beginning to become hysterical . 
 `` dewi , calm down , '' ali said while holding her to his chest . 
 `` calm down , please , do n't do this . '' 
 `` abang , how can i calm down ? 
 the man i love broke up with me to be with a younger woman . 
 that evil bitch she used her father 's power to steal my man . '' 
 `` dewi , it 's not like that . 
 mita is not that kind of person ... '' `` mita ? 
 mita ? 
 not that kind of person ? 
 abang , how could you ! 
 that 's why i had a bad feeling yesterday . 
 i saw how you two looked at each other . 
 did you think i was so stupid that i could n't see you flirting with each other , and now this ? 
 you 're defending her in front of me , and you dare to call her name in such a loving way , in front of me . 
 how could you after all the time we 've been together , how could you betray me like that ? '' 
 `` dewi , i did n't cheat on you , there is nothing between mita and me , i barely know her . 
 if it was n't for the sultan 's orders , we would never have anything to do with each other . '' 
 `` we ? 
 we ? 
 do you refer yourselves as we ? '' 
 `` dewi , calm down , please do n't be like this . 
 i know you 're hurting , i 'm hurting too . '' 
 dewi dropped her head on the sofa and started crying inconsolably . 
 ali did n't know what else to do . 
 `` abang , do n't leave me , please . 
 i love you , do n't leave me ... '' she begged him . 
 ali 's heart broke into pieces . 
 feeling impotent and helpless . 
 `` i 'm sorry , my love . 
 i 'm very sorry . 
 i had to tell you before you hear it from the official press release . '' 
 suddenly dewi , moved closer to him , `` abang , let 's leave jothar , let 's go far away , together . '' 
 `` dewi , you know i ca n't do that , what about my family ? 
 i ca n't abandon them . '' 
 `` then , i 'm going to talk to that woman , i have to make her understand , that we love each other and that she should n't separate us . '' 
 `` dewi , do n't do that . 
 although mita looks strong in the outside , but she 's vulnerable in the inside if you tell her that , she would be very depressed and hurt . '' 
 `` why do i have to care if she gets hurt ? 
 what about my feelings ? 
 am i not hurt , i feel like i 'm dying . '' 
 she paused for a while , `` bang , why do you worry if she gets hurt or not ? 
 why do you care so much for her ? 
 tell me ! 
 bang . 
 you 're attracted to her are n't you ? 
 deep down , you are willing to marry her . 
 you want to marry her , do n't you ? 
 i knew it ! 
 i had a bad feeling when i saw the way you looked at her . 
 you looked like you wanted to eat her up . '' 
 ali realized that he 's not going to succeed in calming dewi , or will he have any luck reasoning with her . 
 she 's still hurt and sad , just as he is . 
 `` dewi , i think i should go home now , you need to take a rest , and we will talk again once you 've calmed down . '' 
 he said this while standing up and walking out . 
 `` abang , do n't go . 
 i do n't want you to go . 
 are you going to her ? '' 
 dewi screamed at his back . 
 ali quickly went out , entered his car and drove home . 
 he stopped his car on the side of the road and hit the steering wheel with his fist . 
 `` why is this happening to me ? '' 
 he thought to himself . 
 after feeling himself calmed , he continued to drive home . 
 * * * when he arrived , he went directly to his room without greeting anybody , and locked his door behind him . 
 the last thing he wanted was to argue with anybody , like what happened last night . 
 he washed his face in the bathroom . 
 then walked back to his room , and threw himself on his bed without bothering to take off his shoes . 
 it felt like there was a big block of wood on his chest . 
 he closed his eyes trying to sleep , but all the thoughts burdening his mind would n't let him . 
 he needed to talk to somebody , but he did n't feel that he can confide in his family at this moment . 
 that made him sad , because all his life they always had been by his side , supporting him through thick and thin . 
 he reached into his pocket , the cell phone number that paramita gave him . 
 maybe he can talk to her , at the end of the day , she 's stuck in this same situation as he is . 
 without bothering to lift himself up , he reached for the cordless phone on his side table . 
 he dialed the number written on the piece of paper , he heard a dial tone . 
 it rang for several minutes before he heard a woman 's voice answering . 
 `` hello ... . '' 
 she said it was paramita he hesitated for a minute and could n't bring himself to speak . 
 `` hello ... . '' 
 she said again `` mita . 
 hi , it 's me ... '' `` bang ali ? 
 hello , what 's wrong with your voice ? 
 are you okay ? '' 
 `` um , i got back from talking to dewi . '' 
 `` oh , and how did she take it ? '' 
 `` not well , i 'm afraid . 
 she was heartbroken , sad , and angry . '' 
 `` i can imagine . 
 what woman would n't be after hearing that her boyfriend is going to marry someone else ? 
 you need to give her some space to calm down and re-capacitate . '' 
 `` it hurts me so much to see her like that . 
 i spent the last three years dedicating my life to make her happy , and today i had to give her this news , and see her break down in front of me . 
 i could n't even hold her and comfort her because , i know that i 'm the person who 's causing this . 
 and how can i ask her to forgive me , if i 'm going to leave her anyway . '' 
 `` abang , why did n't you tell her that we 're not going to really get married , tell her that it 's a sham , so you and her can get back together afterward ? 
 did n't you say it yourself the other day that the two of you could n't plan marriage because of her career ? 
 just tell her that it 's only a few months delay if any at all . 
 if you are willing to wait for her to resolve her career , i do n't see why she ca n't wait for you to resolve your personal problem . '' 
 `` it 's not that simple , if i tell her , it might lessen her pain , but we wo n't know if everything will go the way we want it to go , what happens if in the future something comes up that wo n't allow us to divorce ? 
 also i do n't want to keep her hoping for me to come back , maybe it 's better for her to forget me , and move on with her life . '' 
 `` ah ... the perils of love . 
 you see that 's why i decided long ago , that i 'm never going to fall in love . 
 nope , love is not for me . 
 i actually want to be happy . '' 
 `` ah , so your bitter unrequited love has left you traumatized , hah ? '' 
 `` well , not only that , look what happened to my parents , i mean they had their level of suffering . 
 i suffered and cried a lot , when i loved in the past . 
 and do n't tell me , that now is the only time you felt miserable because of your relationship . '' 
 `` i have , i wo n't deny that , but never at this magnitude . '' 
 `` let me tell you , bang . 
 and this is something i learned all by myself with the things i 've been through in life . 
 no matter how painful , hurt or depressed you feel right now , tomorrow is going to be another day . 
 happiness , sadness , pain , and pleasure , they are all a passing phase . 
 rather than feel burdened by the unfortunate events that happened today , why not look forward to the opportunities that will come tomorrow . 
 especially when you 're in a situation that 's out of your hands like this . 
 it wo n't do you any good to feel depressed . '' 
 `` you know , you 're quite mature and deep for a kid . '' 
 he said his voice sounded more upbeat than before . 
 `` well , thank you . '' 
 `` so the press release is tomorrow , which means that we will be officially be engaged to each other . '' 
 `` yeah , i know . '' 
 `` then there 's all the preparation for the wedding . '' 
 `` on my part , i have to leave it to permaisuri farida , whatever she wants , it 's not really my wedding per say . '' 
 `` you should show some interest , otherwise people will think it 's strange that you 're not happy or excited . '' 
 `` oh yeah , i can do happy and excited , i could even go so far as thanking ayahnda for making me marry you , the most handsome and fantastic man in jothar . '' 
 `` ha ... ha ... ha ... hearing it from you it does n't feel like a compliment . '' 
 `` you 're right , the lucky one is you . 
 because , i 'm young , beautiful , intelligent , noble-hearted , and kind , daughter of the reigning monarch , plus you get additional career enhancing benefits by marrying me . 
 you must have done something really important in your past life to deserve a reward in this . '' 
 `` first of all , our religion does not believe in reincarnation . '' 
 `` it was a figure of speech . '' 
 `` second , young , beautiful and intelligent , you definitely are . 
 noble hearted and kind ? 
 maybe a little . 
 you forgot to add , hot-headed , have an overactive imagination , and crafty . '' 
 `` what ? 
 you already know me that well in two days ? '' 
 `` i 'd like to get to know you more . '' 
 `` we have time for that . '' 
 `` oh well , it 's getting late . 
 thank you for talking to me , i feel better now . '' 
 `` of course . 
 i see us as partners in peril . 
 so you can count on me for anything . '' 
 she said jokingly . 
 `` partners in peril ? 
 that 's a good one . 
 good night , mita , sleep well . '' 
 `` you too , bang '' paramita pressed the red button to end the call , and put the heavy hand phone down , she got up from her desk , walked to her bed , and laid down . 
 `` he 's not such a bad person . '' 
 she thought . 
 she felt bad about coming in between ali and dewi . 
 they seemed very much in love . 
 but there was nothing she could do . 
 paramita never wanted to be with him , she was a victim of the situation too . 
 it 's not like she purposely seduced him to snatch him away from dewi . 
 if she had the power to choose over her own life , she would n't be here . 
 she would probably have an internship in a construction company in dubai by now . 
 `` well , romeo and juliet will have to sort out their own problems . 
 i have my own to worry about . '' 
 she said to herself , she 's no superhero to be trying to help other people , or solve their problems for them . 
 she had to keep steady and focus on her own goal . 
 besides , it 's not like she did n't offer ali any solutions . 
 she yawned feeling her eyes getting heavy . 
 that night her dreams were plagued by images of raden burhanuddin ali . 
 chapter eleven the banquet hall was decorated with flowers and coconut leave in the traditional way . 
 there was the stage and on the stage , were six seats . 
 arranged in a circular position with a small marble table in the center . 
 on the four seats , the parents of the bride and groom to be , are sitting . 
 sultan abdul kadir sitting on the largest of all six , to his left is his queen permaisuri farida , on his right side , was raden hamza and his wife . 
 the sounds of men and women chatting filled the air in the palace banquet hall , their voices were happy and cheerful . 
 the women were dressed in formal gowns and beautifully sewn baju kurung . 
 jewelry adorned their ears , neck wrists , and fingers . 
 and the men dressed in their best formal wear . 
 paramita stood in the corner alone trying to stay out of sight , the peminangan ceremony is the equivalent to an engagement party . 
 she knew that this is all a ceremonial procedure , because ever since the press release last week , practically the whole country know that she was going to be married to ali . 
 but it did n't matter to her , because she thought that she would get the chance to eat new foods that she never ate , was interesting enough for her . 
 that 's why she loved the parties and gatherings in the palace . 
 they mostly serve delicious traditional cooking for the daily meals , but parties have a variety of cakes and special cooking that she does n't see in her daily meals . 
 apparently she was wrong . 
 since she 's the protagonist of the party , she had to spend the whole day standing beside ali , smiling and thanking random people for their best wishes , people who according him , are their extended family , she and ali are actually third cousins , after all . 
 she also was feeling uncomfortable wearing the tight-fitting kebaya , it was making it difficult for her to breathe let alone move . 
 she peeped down at the three stone diamond engagement ring on her finger . 
 `` well , at least there 's a slight payoff . '' 
 she thought to herself . 
 suddenly she felt a tap on her left shoulder . 
 `` here , try some of these . '' 
 it was ali handing her a small fork while holding up a plate of bit size traditional sweets . 
 `` thank you , i thought i was going to faint from hunger , or suffocation from this tight belt they tied around my waist or both , i do n't really know . '' 
 she replied while putting one in her mouth , she could taste the sweet , starchy goodness . 
 `` i bet it 's the first one , i saw how you were staring at the refreshment table . '' 
 ali smiled , `` try this , this is one of my favorites , it 's made of sticky rice flour rolled into small balls , but before that it 's filled with palm sugar , poached , and served topped with grated coconuts . '' 
 `` wow , i 'm impressed , you know your way around the kitchen . '' 
 `` when i was living in the states , i liked to volunteer in cultural events , most events that took place on weekends , have to do with gastronomical festivals , so i had to be prepared to answer any cooking questions . '' 
 `` ah , so you are a theoretical cooking expert . '' 
 she said while pointing at him . 
 `` is that even a real word ? 
 but not really , i love to cook also , i did n't live in a dorm , you see . 
 i rented a small one bedroom , so i had to learn to cook for myself . '' 
 he explained . 
 a lady came up to them while smiling , `` oh , what a beautiful couple , you both look good together , such a well-suited couple , the groom is handsome , distinguished , intelligent and gallant , and the bride , so beautiful . '' 
 `` thank you , auntie sri . '' 
 replied ali , `` mita , this is auntie sri , she is the sister-in-law of my mother raden nabilla . '' 
 `` how do you do , auntie ? '' 
 paramita shook her hand and smiled cordially . 
 `` well , it was nice to greet the two of you , i 'm going to find your mother , and i will talk to you later . '' 
 she said then disappeared into the crowd . 
 `` so why is it that you 're all ; handsome , distinguished , intelligent and gallant . 
 while i 'm only beautiful ? 
 how is that a well-suited couple ? '' 
 paramita said jokingly , once she was sure that the older lady was out of sight . 
 `` you 're right . '' 
 ali responded , `` she should have said , `` the groom is handsome , and the bride is beautiful , the groom is distinguished and the bride is beautiful , the groom is intelligent and the bride is beautiful , and he 's such a gallant and she 's so beautiful . '' 
 like that , right ? '' 
 `` you 're so full of yourself . '' 
 she laughed . 
 `` let 's go and get something to drink , '' he said while leading her to a table filled with all types of fruit juices and soft drinks . 
 seeing that she had trouble walking in her tight long skirt and high heel sandals , he put his hand on her back to help her balance herself . 
 she looked up at him and smiled , `` thank you ! '' 
 she said , understanding his good intentions . 
 `` my big brother and my sister-in-law to be , you both look very happy together . '' 
 a voice behind them said . 
 paramita felt her heart thump at the sound of it . 
 both she and ali turned around almost at once . 
 `` hafiz , how are you ? '' 
 she asked him , `` long time no see . '' 
 `` i 'm doing fine . 
 i see that you are too . '' 
 he answered . 
 `` yes , i am . '' 
 hafiz looked at his brother for a few seconds , he said , `` excuse me . 
 i 'm going to greet some of our relatives that i have n't seen in a long time . '' 
 after hafiz had left , ali asked her , `` so now that we 're officially engaged , you can tell me why you punched hafiz , back at the uk . 
 and do n't think that this is talking bad about him behind his back , but consider me as your fiancée and i do have the right to know everything about you . '' 
 paramita looked at him for a few minutes , she was hesitating , but decided to come out clean . 
 `` he made my best friend pregnant . '' 
 ali was surprised to hear this , `` wh ... what ? 
 i ... . 
 i , do i have a niece or nephew somewhere out there ? '' 
 `` no , no you do n't . 
 my friend laila , she had an abortion , i was with her when she had the procedure . 
 it was horrible , for both the fetus and the mother . '' 
 her voice softened , she was trying not to cry . 
 `` i do n't know what to say . '' 
 answered ali , `` that 's ... . 
 i 'm so sorry ... ... . 
 how could he ... . 
 uhm why did n't he go with her , to get the abortion , i mean , why did you have to go with her ? '' 
 paramita took a deep breath , `` it 's a long story , and i do n't think this is the right place or time to be talking about it . '' 
 `` you 're right , it 's not . '' 
 ali agreed . 
 `` here , drink this orange juice . '' 
 he brought the glass to his mouth and drank it nervously . 
 `` i thought that drink was supposed to be for me ! 
 your hands are shaking . '' 
 she said to him . 
 `` i know , i 'm a bit shocked by this . '' 
 he was silent for a while . 
 `` umm ... . 
 , so the unrequited love that you had , was for my brother ? '' 
 `` ummm ... . 
 yeah , it was . '' 
 she replied . 
 `` oh . '' 
 he hesitated , `` do you still have feelings for him ? '' 
 `` no , i do n't . 
 well , i wo n't lie to you , my heart did thump a little when heard his voice a few minutes ago , but i do n't lose sleep over him , or miss him , or anything like that . '' 
 he took her hand , `` i do n't know what happened between my brother , your friend and you , i gather that there is some history there and you do n't have to tell me if you do n't want to , but on behalf of my brother i do apologize to you . 
 and i want you to know , no matter what happens between us because of this marriage arrangement , you have a true friend in me , and you can tell me anything , and count on me for anything . '' 
 `` thank you , i 'll remember that . '' 
 looking into his eyes , he seemed sincere to her . 
 suddenly there was a flash , followed by the sound of people clapping hands and cheering . 
 paramita turned looked up to see that a photographer had taken a picture of them holding hands and the group of people around them were clapping their hands while cheering at them . 
 in the background , the elders were looking their way and smiling . 
 `` my goodness , i do n't want to even imagine what they 're thinking . '' 
 she whispered , pulling her hand away and feeling embarrassed . 
 ali smiled and waved his hand to them . 
 `` they probably think that you 're the luckiest woman on the face of the earth . '' 
 `` you 're modesty never seizes to amaze me . '' 
 she said while pinching his arm playfully . 
 `` hey , by the way , how did it go between you and dewi , have you talked to her again ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 he said with a sad tone , `` i tried to call her , but according to her manager , she 's been busy starting her promotional activities for her new album . '' 
 `` well , there 's a positive side to it . 
 at least she has something to keep her mind off the situation . '' 
 she answered full of sympathy . 
 `` i 'm sure you guys can work it out . '' 
 `` okay , it 's time to get back to our duty and greet the rest of the family . '' 
 ali changed the subject , not wanting to stress himself at that moment over his love life . 
 `` oh , do i have to ? '' 
 she sulked . 
 `` do n't be such a baby , put on a smile ! 
 come on , this way '' he said while gently pushing her on the back . 
 he led her to where their parents were sitting , they were smiling happily with the guests as they were congratulated on their children 's engagement . 
 sultan abdul kadir smiled at them , `` i 'm glad that the two of you are getting along well , '' he said . 
 `` ali , i want you to start learning and understanding state matters . 
 next week , report to the palace , so we can assign your tasks . 
 i will have my office contact karya bhumi to inform them , that you will be reassigned . '' 
 `` i understand , royal uncle . '' 
 ali responded `` from now on you have to call me father . '' 
 the sultan said with a friendly smile . 
 `` yes , father . '' 
 he answered . 
 `` ananda mita , '' the sultan said while turning to his daughter . 
 `` yes , ayahnda . '' 
 she replied . 
 `` i hope that you comply with your responsibilities , as the future wife of a government official , make sure you behave yourself accordingly , and please , do n't embarrass your future husband by not showing up to events and functions . '' 
 `` i understand , ayahnda . '' 
 paramita 's face turning red . 
 `` oh , and make sure your fiancée agrees on what you 'll use the money that you asked me for your wedding gift . 
 it 's important that between husband and wife , both sides are always transparent regarding money matters . 
 this is important to create a sakinah family . '' 
 ali gazed at paramita through the corner of his eyes , then smiled knowingly . 
 `` your father is right , ananda puteri . 
 a wife 's duty is to obey and honor her husband . 
 a wife should always be ready to sincerely sacrifice herself for her husband and tolerate her husband . 
 but also she must be wise , supporting and loving , because whenever she sees her husband turning to the wrong path , she should never be afraid to show him the right way . 
 remember that you will be the mother of raden ali 's children , you will be responsible for making sure that they become future leaders for the country and for the religion . '' 
 added permaisuri farida , `` there is nothing more valuable for a man than a salihah wife , a wife that is pious and faithful . '' 
 paramita smiled calmly and nodded , `` yes , ayahnda and ibunda , '' `` and also ali , you also have to be aware that ananda puteri is an amanat to you , most importantly from allah , but also from me , her father . 
 you have to be a wise and good imam towards your wife and future children . 
 it 's your responsibility to guide her through life , to take care of her , to respect her , and to fulfill all your responsibilities as a husband . '' 
 `` yes , father '' ali replied . 
 `` puteri , we are very happy to have you as a daughter , '' raden hamza said . 
 `` thank you , father . '' 
 `` excellent . 
 the both of you are a match made in heaven , i 'm sure you will have a good future together . '' 
 the sultan said while laughing loudly . 
 an attendant came beside him and whispered something to him his face dropped . 
 `` i have some business to settle . 
 please make sure that the guests are taken care of . '' 
 he signed for raden hamza to follow , and they both walked away without saying anything else . 
 permaisuri farida looked at her husband with a worried expression , but then she turned to ali and paramita . 
 `` raden , will your mother be attending to the wedding ceremony ? '' 
 `` yes , she will . 
 she will be arriving next month . '' 
 he replied . 
 raden nabilla 's expression suddenly turned sad , but she quickly composed herself and smiled . 
 `` i 'm sure she is very happy to hear about this . 
 your majesty permaisuri , raden ali is her only child . 
 just like me , i 'm sure she ca n't wait to have grandchildren . '' 
 `` that 's right . '' 
 said the queen . 
 `` ibunda permaisuri and ibunda nabilla , please excuse us for a while , i am going to take puteri to greet some of our other relatives . '' 
 `` please go ahead . '' 
 replied the queen . 
 ali and paramita walked into the crowd of people , once he felt far enough from the stage he turned to her and said , `` so that was the half a million reasons that you did n't want to share with me ? '' 
 `` every single one of them . '' 
 `` i do n't understand , you 're marrying me for that amount of money , why ? '' 
 `` what do you mean why ? '' 
 `` why are you marrying me for that amount of money ? 
 your father owns a country , your mother is an international jet set whose shares alone is worth many times that amount . 
 so when you said that you wanted to divorce after some prudent time , are you going to walk away with it ? 
 do you know that my personal asset is worth more than that ? 
 when my parents separated , my mother left me everything that corresponded to her , so you would be richer if you stayed as my wife . '' 
 `` it 's not about the money . 
 i want it to be independent . 
 like i told you before , i want a new start '' she said firmly , `` why would i want to be the wife of a man whose heart belongs to someone else ? 
 `` so you want to go away and start a new life with the three million dollars ? '' 
 `` bingo ! '' 
 `` and what about your family ? '' 
 `` family ? 
 what family ? 
 oh , you mean the one who emotionally and physically abandon me since i could remember ? 
 who thought of me only when i served a purpose ? 
 they never worried about me , why on earth should i worry about them ? 
 i 'll do what they want me to do , and comply with my obligation , than live my own life . '' 
 `` how can you think like that ? 
 okay , i understand about your father , but what about your mother , she ... ... . '' 
 `` my mother ? 
 she would n't mind . 
 she never cared what i did in the past , as long as i do n't get involved with boys , because i might lose my virtue . 
 but being a divorcee , there 's nothing that she would worry about anymore . 
 i have nothing and no one to tie me down , i 'm practically alone . '' 
 she said with a sadness in her voice . 
 `` do n't be upset if i ask you this , but is there someone waiting for you ? '' 
 `` someone waiting for me ? '' 
 `` a person , a man , whom you plan to spend the rest of your life with after ... ... , after you leave me . '' 
 `` no . 
 i ... ... i do n't have anyone . '' 
 she added softly as though speaking to herself , `` in this world , no one is waiting for me , who cares about me anyway ? '' 
 `` will you do one thing for me ? 
 please . '' 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 `` do n't say that anymore . 
 do n't say no one cares about you and that you 're all alone . '' 
 `` because of my family ? '' 
 `` because of me . 
 you have me , you 're not alone . 
 i care about you ! '' 
 paramita looked at him and smiled . 
 `` thank you . 
 that 's kind of you to say that . '' 
 he moved closer and held her shoulder gently , `` i 'm serious . '' 
 she shook her head , took a deep breath and said , `` do n't look at me with pity , i 'm not a pathetic person . 
 i had a good upbringing , mak noor was always by my side , and she had always been like a mother to me . 
 and no matter what , i am fortunate and have many things to be grateful for , my education , good clothing , travel , and many other privileges that maybe is like a dream to most people . '' 
 he smiled , `` true . '' 
 `` you know what 's so funny ? '' 
 `` no , tell me ! '' 
 `` i 've never felt love before , and now i have to marry a man who 's probably going to hate me for separating him from his the woman he loves . 
 with a rich and powerful father , i still do n't have the things that i want the most . '' 
 `` and what is that ? '' 
 `` to be loved , to be desired , and to be missed . '' 
 her eyes were becoming wet , `` your girlfriend is lucky , because even though she ca n't be with you at this moment , but your heart is with her . 
 i wish i had somebody who felt that way for me . 
 `` she paused , `` you 'll have to excuse me , i need to go to the restroom for a moment . '' 
 she walked away without waiting for him to reply . 
 ali watched her as she walked away , he was silent , putting his hand on his chest feeling a sting caused by her words . 
 * * * paramita stood in front of the big mirror , breathing in and out , in an attempt to control her emotions . 
 there was nothing that she wanted more to do than splash cold water on her face and refresh herself , but smudging her makeup would n't be a good idea on an occasion like today . 
 she wet her hands and gently shook it before pressing her dampened palm on her neck . 
 that made her feel fresh and calm . 
 she took a good look at her face in the mirror to make sure that her makeup was not damaged , then walked out of the restroom . 
 she had barely walked a few meters when she heard a whistle from behind her . 
 instinctively she looked back , to her surprise it was hafiz . 
 chapter twelve `` can we talk ? 
 please . '' 
 he said while making a begging gesture with his hands . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 she said while walking over to him . 
 `` let 's talk outside , come on . '' 
 they walked together to the terrace . 
 `` what is it that you wanted to talk to me about ? '' 
 she said once they arrived . 
 `` since when did you become so mean and impatient ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` since ... ... never mind ! 
 how have you been ? '' 
 she changed the topic . 
 `` i 've been good , it 's been so long since we 've talked like this , has n't it ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` do you hate me ? '' 
 he asked gingerly . 
 `` how can you think that ? 
 i do n't ! 
 do you ? 
 do you hate me ? '' 
 `` of course not . 
 well , i used to , i mean you did break my nose . 
 but i have grown up since then , and i realized that i had it coming . 
 if i was in your position i would 've done the same . '' 
 `` i do apologize again . 
 not for punching you , you deserved it . 
 but for shunning you off all those years . 
 i was out of line . 
 i mean whatever happened between you and laila , it was not my place to judge you . 
 but you have to understand , she suffered a lot , and as her friend , that made me hurt for her . '' 
 `` i understand . 
 but now that 's all behind us . 
 can we be friends again ? '' 
 he said while extending his hand . 
 `` how do you do , my name is mita . '' 
 she said while taking his hand . 
 `` and my name is hafiz . '' 
 he said with a smile . 
 `` it feels like a giant weight has been taken off my chest . '' 
 `` i know what you mean . '' 
 she said in a cheerful voice . 
 `` you know , my parents thought initially that i was the one who was supposed to marry you . '' 
 `` and is that such a terrible thing ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` not for any other man , but at the time , it was terrible for me . 
 do n't give me that look . '' 
 he quickly said seeing the expression on her face . 
 `` it 's not what you think . 
 i mean , i say that it was not a good thing for me back then , because ever since we met you have always been one of my best friends , someone i hold close to my heart , and you 're very dear and valuable to me . 
 i could n't imagine us being married and changing the way we interact with each other . '' 
 `` i do n't know if you are trying to insult or compliment me . 
 why are you still an air-head ? '' 
 `` i 'm not trying to insult you . '' 
 `` i get it . 
 so i 'm one of your buddies on of the guys , and marrying me , will make you feel ... . . 
 how should i say this , homosexual ? '' 
 hafiz sighed in relief , `` thank you for understanding . '' 
 `` i 'm not understanding your reasoning . 
 i 'm understanding that , only someone like you can come up with something like that . 
 and , because you are one of my best friends , and i accept you the way you are , therefore , i accept that silly idea of yours . '' 
 `` why do you think it 's silly ? '' 
 he asked not sincerely not understanding her . 
 `` hafiz , have you ever thought why i was so good to you , why i was upset with your relationship with laila , and why i chose not to talk to you after what happened ? '' 
 `` i have my theories , but i think this is a situation that calls for me to listen instead of talk . '' 
 `` that 's good you know as much . 
 hafiz , the truth is , in the past i had a big crush on you . 
 i was actually heartbroken for a long time because of everything that happened between us . 
 i 've always looked at you from behind , followed your every movement and held to your every word . 
 i hoped that one day you would feel the same way for me . 
 but the one girl after another came and left , and laila , i finally realized that you would never see me as anything more than a friend . 
 it took me some time to get over you , but the distance that i put between us helped me a lot . 
 now i can look back and not feel anything . 
 i admit , you still stir my heart when we bumped into each other , but it 's only in a fraction of minutes . 
 like right now , i 'm standing here talking to you , and i do n't feel anything more than friendship . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry i never responded to your feelings for me . '' 
 `` maybe , if you were not so selfish and bratty , you would have seen it . '' 
 `` i admit , i was that way . 
 but like i said , i 've changed . '' 
 `` yeah , right . '' 
 `` i mean it . 
 look at you , you 've changed too . 
 you 're not the weird-looking , insolent and stubborn girl anymore . 
 you 're a beautiful young woman now . 
 a princess . '' 
 `` and your older brother 's fiancée , which means that pretty soon , i 'll be your older sister , and you 'll have to start calling me with honorifics , and you ca n't call me by my name anymore ! '' 
 she said . 
 he turned serious , `` are you sure you want to go ahead with it ? '' 
 `` what the marriage ? '' 
 `` yes , you know that he has a girlfriend , they 've been together for three years . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 her voice softened as she looked down to the floor . 
 `` then why ? 
 why continue ? 
 he 's not going to make you happy , you deserve someone who will love you and appreciate you , not use you and neglect you . 
 why throw away your youth in a dead end marriage ? '' 
 `` do n't worry about me , i 'm not as naïve as you think . '' 
 she said . 
 `` let 's go back . '' 
 `` wait , do n't go . '' 
 he tried to stop her , seeing that she had no intention of staying , he finally said . '' 
 i always knew how you felt about me . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 she stopped and turned around . 
 `` i always knew , how you felt about me , from the beginning , i knew . 
 but back then , i was immature , superficial , and arrogant . 
 i was embarrassed to be more than friends , because of your appearance . 
 i was a guy who wanted a trophy girlfriend in his arm , not a plain and even weird-looking one . 
 i wanted to look cool and have other guys envy me . 
 that 's why i was always with the hottest girls in campus . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` i do n't understand . 
 so you wanted to make other men envious , that 's why you only dated girls for a short time ? '' 
 `` i never intended to keep changing girlfriends , but none of them could make me feel happy and fulfilled emotionally , i never felt compatible with any of them . '' 
 he explained . 
 `` i do n't know what to think . 
 what about laila ? 
 was she the same ? 
 she was not one of the hottest girls in campus , she was a normal and decent girl . 
 if you dated her it must be because you felt something for her ? '' 
 `` i did feel something for her . 
 i felt that she was the closest one to the person who made my heart happy . '' 
 `` what are you trying to say ? '' 
 `` i realized after it was all too late . 
 the one , that i loved , was you , all along , i loved the way you speak , the way you act , the way you were . 
 that 's why i could never have a long-term relationship with any of them . 
 because they were not the person i loved . '' 
 `` oh , and you just realized this now ? 
 after i had money ? 
 now that i wear designer clothes , expensive makeup , and jewelry . 
 all of this is making me look acceptable in your eyes ? 
 did n't you say it yourself that the thought of marrying me , made you feel gay ? '' 
 `` that was back then . 
 but now i realized these feelings , because ... ... because i can see that i 'm actually going to lose you . 
 because you 're going to become someone else 's . 
 in the past , you 've never had anybody , even though you distanced yourself from me , but you never got involved with any other man . 
 deep down i never wanted you to fall in love with anyone else . 
 but now you 're getting married . '' 
 he said while taking her hand . 
 `` you sick bastard , stay away from me . '' 
 she said while pushing his hand away . 
 `` mita , listen to me . '' 
 he moved forward and grabbed her shoulder . 
 `` do n't be angry , please listen to me , first . '' 
 `` let go of me , you sick bastard . '' 
 she began to raise her voice . 
 `` do n't make me hit you , because i 'll do it for sure . '' 
 `` calm down , do n't be angry , please ... . '' 
 he said while pulling her closer and moving his arms around her waist holding her tightly . 
 paramita 's heart raced like crazy , as his face came closer , his lips only a few centimeters away from hers . 
 `` let go , do n't make me do something that i will regret ... . '' 
 she said snapping out of a trance and trying to push him away . 
 there was a tidal wave of mixed emotions , strong enough to tear her apart from the inside , all those years of wishing something like this would happen , and now that it has , everything was already too late . 
 `` what 's going on here ? 
 hafiz , let her go ! 
 are you out of your mind ? '' 
 a familiar voice shouted behind her . 
 ali pushed hafiz away , freeing paramita who fell limp into his arms . 
 `` abang , this is none of your business , '' hafiz said to him . 
 `` of course this is my business , you 're my brother , mita is my fiancée , and this is our engagement party . 
 do n't you know that what you 're doing is wrong in so many levels ? '' 
 `` you do n't love her , you have a girlfriend ... . '' 
 `` abang , let 's not argue with him . '' 
 paramita interrupted without trying to get out of his embrace , `` can you please take me away from here ? 
 please . '' 
 `` alright , alright , calm down . 
 you 're going to be alright . 
 i 'm here with you . '' 
 he led her inside towards a small room adjoining the banquet hall , helped her to sit down , and closed the door . 
 he served her a glass of water from a dispenser , he kneeled in front of her . 
 `` what happened ? 
 you look so shaken . 
 did my brother do anything indecent to you ? '' 
 he asked , genuinely worried . 
 `` no , it 's not so much of what he did , but what he said . '' 
 `` what did he say to make you so pale ? '' 
 she took a deep breath and sighed . 
 `` he basically told me , that he loved me all along , and that he just realized it now , because i 'm about to marry you . '' 
 `` he 's crazy , why would he say something like that ? 
 and at this particular moment . '' 
 `` i do n't know , and i do n't care . 
 he caught me by surprise , i never expected him to say something like that , i do n't know why but his words made me weak . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry ... on my brother 's behalf , i apologize to you . '' 
 he clasped her hands . 
 `` what are you going to do ? 
 now that you know how he feels about you , do you want to cancel our engagement ? '' 
 `` is that even an option ? '' 
 she asked him sharply . 
 `` no ! 
 you 're right . '' 
 he lifted her chin . 
 `` let 's not think about anyone else . 
 let 's forget , hafiz and dewi , for now . 
 no matter what we feel for them . 
 let 's pretend that there is only you and me . 
 we are the ones who are in this situation , together . 
 let 's make sure we find a proper standing ground , before we worry about anything else . '' 
 `` what are you trying to say ? 
 i do n't quite understand . '' 
 `` i 'm saying , let 's take one step at a time , through this engagement ceremony , through the wedding , and everything that comes after that . 
 right now , you and me , we are two puppets on a string , and the worst part is that we do n't know what the storyline in the mind of the puppeteer is . 
 but we have each other , so let 's get through this together . '' 
 `` why are you suddenly talking about puppeteer and storylines ? '' 
 `` well , from what your father said , about me reporting to the palace next week , i 'm beginning to think that your theory was n't that crazy after all . 
 and also , when your father left with mine , what kind of news did they hear to react like that ? '' 
 `` what should we do ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` nothing , let 's go along . 
 it 's our duty as children . 
 but i want you to promise me something . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` hold back on your plan on leaving this country , about getting a divorce . 
 let 's get through this together first . '' 
 she hesitated for a while , but the conviction in his eyes , made her nod . 
 `` i promise . '' 
 chapter thirteen paramita put on her makeup then dressed in a tan pantsuit while mumbling to herself , five fifteen a.m. , she has fifteen minutes more before she has to be in the lounge room . 
 now that she 's officially engaged , she would almost always succeed in escaping from attending official events that she had to attend , but now it 's becoming a difficult task to squeeze her way out of it , as ali is the new person in charge to obligate her to comply . 
 he would call her one day in advance to `` inform '' her of the event and dress code , and show up the next day at her residence . 
 one time she refused to get out of bed , and he had the staff ring a bell in front of her bedroom door for a full half hour , until it exasperated her to wake up , get ready and attend the event . 
 she took another look at herself in the mirror , shouldered her purse and exited the room . 
 she headed to the lounge , where she would usually wait for ali to arrive . 
 today they have to attend an opening ceremony for an ngo funded artisan training program for men and women in rural areas . 
 it would be held in one of the villages located two hours away from the capital , situated on the outskirt of the forest . 
 this program is significantly important to the government , because it ties in with efforts to help minimize deforestation and illegal poaching , by creating income opportunities that do not involve exploiting the forest terrain . 
 to her surprise , he was already there waiting for her . 
 `` you 're early today . '' 
 she exclaimed . 
 `` good morning to you too . '' 
 he answered , `` i did my morning prayers here in the palace , so i headed over as soon as i finished . '' 
 `` ah , i see . '' 
 she replied . 
 `` did you have breakfast , should i ask the staff to get you something ? '' 
 `` that 's fine , it 's still too early to eat . 
 anyway , my mother made me bring some of her famous grilled sticky rice , we can eat it on the way . '' 
 `` okay , let 's go . '' 
 they always take the palace car that was assigned to paramita , but today since the venue was located in a remote location , they were assigned extra security , four royal guards were assigned to them plus the additional one who was driving . 
 they had to use a van in order to fit everyone in . 
 `` is it really a dangerous place to be ? '' 
 paramita asked , `` it 's kind of strange that we have so many guards escorting us . '' 
 `` this is more of a security measure . 
 the army is increasing patrols around the village and surrounding areas to ensure the safety of the guests that will attend , but because of your status , an extra layer of security is a wise thing to have . '' 
 the team leader answered her . 
 `` i understand , '' paramita said . 
 `` also . '' 
 added ali , `` as far as i know a few kilometers away from the village that we 're heading to is a hot spot for poachers and illegal loggers . 
 even though their activities , seldom reach the village , but we can never know for sure if any of the people living there are part of these criminal bands . 
 our police forces are constantly doing sweeping operations to apprehend them . '' 
 paramita spent most of the journey looking out the window , she was cheerful and happy like a young kid , constantly asking ali questions on sites that interested her along the way . 
 ever since she 'd arrived at jothar , she never had a chance to go sightseeing . 
 that was something that she was always complaining to mak noor about . 
 so naturally today , she felt as if a pot of gold just fell on her lap . 
 * * * paramita felt somebody gently shake her shoulder , she opened her eyes and found her head resting on ali 's shoulder , the car had stopped , and they had arrived at the venue . 
 she could n't remember when she had fallen asleep . 
 she sat up straight and looked around . 
 `` goodness , did i sleep long ? 
 i do n't remember when i dozed off . '' 
 she said while stretching her arms up . 
 `` you did n't doze off , one of the guards gassed you because they felt tired of listening to your chatter . '' 
 he joked . 
 `` very funny , but i actually can imagine all of you sitting around boring each other to death . '' 
 she said while reaching for her purse to look for her compact powder , she peeped into the mirror and dabbed a little powder on her nose , falling asleep during traveling always left her face oily . 
 `` make sure to wipe off the drool marks . '' 
 ali teased . 
 `` there 's none left on my face because i 've already wiped it off on your jacket . '' 
 she casually replied . 
 he helped her down from the van . 
 paramita looked around to the beautiful scenery around her . 
 as far as her eyes can see there were stretches of greenery , the air was fresh and crisp , she took a deep breath enjoying the smell of soil and trees . 
 `` it 's this way , '' ali said while , putting his hand on the back of her waist . 
 the event was held in a field . 
 there was a stage built under canvas tent for sun protection . 
 they were led to sit at the vip area , which is also under a canvas tent , the seats were plastic covered with linen . 
 they were greeted by some local authorities and representatives from the sponsoring ngo . 
 they were given a briefing the ngo official about the program work plan , and the objectives . 
 this village will be the pilot and hopefully can become the model community to be able to replicate the best practices in other rural communities . 
 they were given introductory packages , flyers , and presentation handouts that contained elaborate information about the program . 
 paramita read in the forward note : `` the opening ceremony is intentionally designed to attract attention of the target group , by showcasing entertainment , such as ; traditional dances by the local elementary and high school students , traditional instruments orchestra performed by the community association , and a full hour concert by a famous pop singer from the capital city . '' 
 `` nice . '' 
 paramita thought sarcastically , and here she thought that they will be listening to a more elaborate presentation of the program and explanation on how it would be executed , but it turns out that she would have to sit nice and sweet for the next two hours and a half watching entertainment shows . 
 she was actually excited to see the traditional dance and music , as even though she is a jothar national and speak the language fluently , but she had only known the country and its culture for a few months . 
 but the thought of sitting through a pop concert made her cringe . 
 `` will you be able to sit still like a good girl for the next few hours ? '' 
 ali whispered to her . 
 `` will you ? '' 
 she asked back . 
 `` so you know , i am a very detailed oriented person , i always carry a book in my bag for unexpected occasions . '' 
 `` how visionary of you , but you might come across as rude , you know . 
 i brought very dark sunglasses . '' 
 he said while holding them up . 
 `` what would that do ? '' 
 `` make people think that i 'm watching and paying attention , while i actually take a nice siesta on the chair . '' 
 `` creative , as long as you do n't fall off your chair , or sleep with your mouth opened . '' 
 she answered shortly . 
 `` your highness and your excellency , i 'd like to present you to the famous artist that will be gracing us with her appearance today , '' the ngo representative called them from behind . 
 ali and paramita turned around . 
 she could see his face turn pale when he saw who the singer was . 
 it was dewi chandrawati . 
 `` i think maybe you have heard of miss dewi or maybe even have seen her appearance in the television . 
 miss dewi , this is your highness puteri paramita sawitri , and her fiancée your excellency raden burhanuddin ali . '' 
 he introduced them . 
 ali was stunned and speechless , paramita quickly mediated the situation , `` miss dewi , i have seen you on tv , it 's an honor to meet you in person . '' 
 dewi did n't answer , she stared at paramita with hatred . 
 considering that ali and dewi needed time to talk , paramita turned to the representative and said , `` you know there are some other things that i would like to ask you about the program , do you have time to go over them with me ? 
 let 's sit down , over there . '' 
 they walked away leaving ali and dewi behind . 
 `` how have you been , dewi ? 
 i tried calling you several times , but they tell me that you 're busy . '' 
 `` so now i 'm simply dewi to you ? 
 am i not your love anymore ? 
 abang , what happened ? 
 how could you do this to me ? '' 
 `` dewi , i 'm sorry , i did n't want any of this to happen , i did n't mean to hurt you . '' 
 `` i saw your picture in the newspaper , you did n't look so sorry to me . '' 
 a man who was part of the organizing committee came up to them , `` miss dewi , it 's time for you to get ready for the performance , your backstage team are waiting for you across the field in a tent that we put up as your dressing room . 
 your excellency , please head to the vip tent , we are about to start the ceremony . '' 
 `` miss dewi . '' 
 he said , `` we should continue this conversation later . 
 excuse me . '' 
 he walked towards the vip tent and sat beside paramita who was now alone . 
 `` did you get to talk to her ? '' 
 she asked him . 
 `` not much . '' 
 he replied , but remained silent . 
 paramita felt a sense of guilt , if it was n't for her , they would n't be going through this situation , `` but then again , whoever the princess is , their situation would still be the same . '' 
 `` i feel bad for the two of you . '' 
 she said to him and took a chocolate bar from her purse . 
 `` ummm . 
 here , take this , study shows that chocolate can boost endorphin levels in the brain . 
 it can lessen your depression . '' 
 he looked at her , received the chocolate bar and pinched her cheek , `` you 're one of a kind . 
 do you know that ? 
 but thank you for your lame attempt to cheer me up . '' 
 `` hey , it 's not lame , if there 's science to back it up . '' 
 she refuted while rubbing her cheek . 
 the opening ceremony started , the first speech was delivered by the ngo representative , and the local government official , the last speech was delivered by a representative of the government , or in this case it was ali . 
 her father the sultan had demanded that ali should start to take his role as the second in line to the throne , by getting his feet wet in government matters , though for now it 's enough for him to act as a spokesperson in non-political agendas . 
 paramita could n't help but admire his capacity to grasp information . 
 when they came here , they only had a general outline of the ngo and its program , and they received more in depth information upon arriving . 
 but now his speech showed that he had absorbed and comprehended what was explained to them about the program . 
 he also was able to convey with simplicity how the government views the program , and what they expect from it . 
 he stood there elegantly and confidently , capturing the mind of the audience , including hers . 
 a few moment after he had returned to their seats , the music started to play and a troupe of dancers appeared on the stage . 
 paramita clapped her hands with excitement while making soft ooh and aah sounds at the dance , at first ali was annoyed , but seeing as how she was earnestly admiring it , her mood caught on to him , and soon he was having fun explaining to her the significance behind the costumes , movements and history behind the traditional songs . 
 paramita did n't intend to be mean , but dewi 's music was definitely not her style , after the first song , she could n't wait for the concert to finish , she entertained herself , by observing the activities of the local people , they were apparently enjoying the show , and she noticed that a lot of people were singing along . 
 the organizers , seem to really know what they were doing . 
 she glanced at ali , he was sitting quietly . 
 she sighed , `` he must be feeling sad again . 
 and who could blame him , seeing the woman he loves right in front of him , but not being able to be with her . 
 i hope he 's not crying behind those glasses '' she thought . 
 she decided that she would n't disturb him , and give him some space to sort out his feelings . 
 she took out her book and began to read . 
 being submerged in the content of her book , paramita did n't notice that time went by so fast , and the master of ceremony , was thanking everybody for attending the event . 
 all the attendees clapped their hands in appreciation , when the other guest in the vip tent stood up , paramita followed suit . 
 she stood up to leave , when she saw ali still sitting there . 
 `` he 's so sad that he 'd become weak in the knees . '' 
 she thought . 
 `` hey , abang , come on , i 'll help you up , come on , everything is going to be alright . 
 why do n't you go and talk to her , i will cover for you . '' 
 she gently touched his shoulder before she realized that he was n't just sitting there , she shook his shoulder . 
 `` you 're too much ! 
 hey , your periled love was performing on stage , and you 're here sleeping ? 
 wake up ! '' 
 ali stirred and lifted his head , `` oh , is it over ? '' 
 `` hey , you jerk ! 
 here i was worried that you 've died of a broken heart , and you were sleeping all this time ? '' 
 she fired up . 
 `` yeah , why ? '' 
 `` but , but ... ... your girlfriend was performing just now . '' 
 `` the fact that i used to date her , does n't necessary mean that i 'm a fan of her music . '' 
 `` you 're impossible . '' 
 she pouted . 
 `` let 's go find a restroom . 
 we should freshen up first before we hit the road . '' 
 he said as if he did n't hear her . 
 ****** as he waited several meters away from the restroom for paramita to finish , dewi came up to him . 
 `` is this really the end ? 
 are you really going ahead with the marriage ? '' 
 `` dewi , i have no choice . 
 this is what my family wants from me . 
 all my life , i have obeyed my parents and my uncle the sultan . 
 i ca n't change now , even though my heart is breaking , i ca n't contradict them . '' 
 he said to her in a soft tone . 
 `` abang , you like her do n't you ? '' 
 she asked again . 
 `` it 's not that simple , there are some things that you do n't understand . '' 
 `` i saw you , i saw how you acted around her . 
 remember that i 've been with you for three years now . 
 even though you do n't realize it , i know every expression that you have . 
 i can tell how you feel by looking at you . 
 that 's why i know , that you like her , your eyes always follow her , today i saw the way you laughed when you were talking to her , you never laughed that way when you were with me . 
 i do n't understand , how can the man i knew to be faithful , honorable and true to me , suddenly change overnight because of some girl . '' 
 `` dewi , i ... ... , all i can say is , that i 'm sorry , i really am . 
 i do n't know what i feel , i 'm sad that this had happened , i never wanted to break up with you , i always thought that we would be together and start a family . 
 but then this happened , it was out of my hands . '' 
 `` you always put in all your effort to solve any problem that came your way , but now you claim to be helpless without even trying to do anything . 
 did you try to reject this marriage arrangement ? 
 are a person who is so ambitious that you would be willing to use marriage as a stepping stone for your career . '' 
 `` look , the only thing i can say about her , is that she is an important person for my future . 
 besides , she 's a great person to be around , i feel comfortable when i 'm with her and i do n't want to see her sad . 
 i do n't think that necessarily means i have any romantic feelings towards her . '' 
 `` you do n't think ? 
 you ca n't even say that you do n't feel anything for her . 
 how can you do this to me ? 
 how can you forget everything we 've been through together ? 
 how can you just drop me to chase after her ? '' 
 she started to cry uncontrollably . 
 `` dewi , do n't be like that . '' 
 ali pulled her into his arms and held her tightly . 
 he said while caressing her hair and kissing her gently . 
 `` please , do n't cry like that . 
 i 'm sorry , i 'm sorry . 
 forget about me , move on . 
 things have changed now , i 've changed . 
 i 've been given a great chance , and i 'm not going to throw it away . 
 you 're not the only one with dreams and aspirations . '' 
 chapter fourteen he waited for about half an hour , but paramita was nowhere to be seen . 
 ali was getting worried , it 's impossible for her to take so long in the restroom . 
 he paced anxiously in front of the rest room 's door , when an ngo staff appeared . 
 `` miss , excuse me . '' 
 he said to her . 
 `` oh , your excellency , i thought you and your party had left already . '' 
 she replied . 
 `` no , we have n't . 
 i 'm looking for my fiancée , the last time i spoke to her , she was going to the restroom , but she has n't come out yet . 
 can you please help me and see if she 's alright ? '' 
 `` sure , let me check your excellency . '' 
 she said before entering the restroom . 
 she came out again after a few minutes . 
 `` your excellency , there 's nobody there . '' 
 `` nobody ? 
 where could she be ? '' 
 ali felt his heart sink , he began to feel worried . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 he left the restroom area and went to look for the guards . 
 they were waiting near the van . 
 `` captain . '' 
 he called out to the team leader . 
 `` the princess is missing , we need to spread out and look for her . '' 
 the captain 's face turned pale . 
 he shouted orders to his men , and they fanned out in a hurry . 
 ali asked everyone that crossed paths with him . 
 his mind was filled with all sorts of terrible thoughts . 
 `` your excellency , excuse me . '' 
 it was the lady from the restroom , she was panting heavily trying to catch her breath . 
 `` someone saw her walking towards the forest with a dancer from the elementary school . 
 that way . '' 
 she pointed to the other side of the field . 
 `` thank you , can you please do me another favor , and tell my guards what you told me , and also tell them that i 'm heading over there first to look for the princess . '' 
 `` yes sir . '' 
 ali ran as fast as he could to the direction given by the lady . 
 he was praying in his heart that nothing had happened to paramita . 
 suddenly a girl came running from the other direction . 
 he stopped her , `` where are you going ? 
 what happened ? 
 did you see my companion ? '' 
 he interrogated her . 
 `` are you raden ali ? '' 
 the girl asked . 
 `` yes , i am . '' 
 `` she fell down the side of the cliff , she ca n't get out of there . 
 `` `` how can that happen ? 
 take me there , right away . '' 
 `` yes raden . '' 
 they walked quickly together into the forest , it was still a part that people often came to find wood , and so it was n't dense , making it easy for them to walk . 
 `` why did you bring her here ? '' 
 `` we were talking in the field , then i told her about the orangutan that just had a baby , and she wanted to go and see it . '' 
 `` how did she fall down the cliff ? '' 
 he persisted . 
 `` the mother orangutan got aggressive and tried to attack her , so she stepped backward and fell down the side of the cliff . '' 
 `` my goodness . '' 
 he was feeling a little bit angry at himself for not realizing that paramita had left the restroom and went to another place . 
 `` it 's over there raden . '' 
 the girl pointed towards a cliff . 
 `` there the orangutan family is still eating near that tree . '' 
 he carefully walked over to the cliff and looked down , trying to see paramita . 
 `` mita , are you down there ? '' 
 `` abang , i 'm here . '' 
 he heard a voice call back from below . 
 `` are you okay ? 
 are you hurt ? '' 
 he called out again . 
 `` yes i am . 
 my ego is all bruised and battered . '' 
 `` stop fooling around , and tell me if you 're injured . '' 
 `` no , i 'm not . 
 just a sprained ankle , but it hurts when i try to climb out of here . '' 
 `` okay , stay still , i 'm coming down for you . '' 
 he said while finding a foothold to climb the cliff . 
 he turned to the girl and said , `` you have to wait here , our guards will be coming soon , and we need you to show them where we are . '' 
 `` yes raden . '' 
 she replied . 
 he carefully scaled down . 
 paramita was sitting on a rock at the bottom of the cliff . 
 her left leg was stretched out , and she her clothes dirty with soil . 
 as soon as he landed on the ground , her ran to her and hugged her . 
 `` do you know how scared i was ? '' 
 he admonished her . 
 `` where are you hurt ? '' 
 without waiting for her response , he squatted and took a look at her ankle . 
 `` it 's fine . '' 
 she said , `` this is my bad leg , i 'm prone to get sprained there , because of a sporting accident i had when i was younger . '' 
 `` it 's swollen . 
 does it hurt ? '' 
 `` pretty much . 
 it does . '' 
 `` why did you come here in the first place ? '' 
 `` i wanted to see the orangutan baby . '' 
 `` but you were in the restroom , why did n't you wait for me , why did you go to the field ? '' 
 he bombarded her with questions . 
 `` well , i thought i had enough time . 
 i mean when i came out of the restroom you were with dewi , about to get jiggy with it . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` you know , going to get it on ... ... . 
 , getting ready to snog ... ... . 
 , about to make out ... ... '' she tried to come up with other terms . 
 `` i know what it means , i was referring to , what are you talking about ? 
 i never did such a thing . '' 
 his face was becoming red . 
 `` oh really ? 
 you were both hugging behind a wall , and you were kissing her and everything . 
 well , never mind . 
 most importantly is that i saw you two . 
 that 's why i left . 
 i did n't want to be the in the way . '' 
 `` i was calming her down because she was crying , that 's all . 
 besides , i could n't talk to her out in public because i 'm your fiancée and it 's well known that she and i used to see each other . 
 to be seen speaking privately with her would be disrespecting you . '' 
 he explained . 
 `` oh ... well , i think that 's bollocks because you were speaking to her privately earlier , before the event started , '' she said . 
 `` you ... ... '' he paused , took a deep breath and said . '' 
 can you walk ? '' 
 `` no , it hurts when i try . '' 
 suddenly there was the voice of the team leader of the guards `` your excellency , are you down there ? '' 
 `` yes , i 'm here '' ali replied . 
 `` puteri is here with me , she 's hurt . 
 she sprained her ankle so she ca n't climb up . 
 we have to find another way out of here ! '' 
 `` i see . 
 raden , it looks like , it 's going t to the rain . 
 we are going to investigate another route out of there , in the meantime you need to find a safe place to wait for us . '' 
 he suggested . 
 `` that 's a good idea , '' ali said . 
 he looked around to their surroundings . 
 `` look , over there on the right side of the cliff . 
 i think i see a cave , we should wait for them there . '' 
 paramita stood up , her ankle was hurting , but she took a deep breath and tried to walk . 
 `` ouch ! '' 
 she cried . 
 `` stay put , '' ali said , `` you should n't put any pressure on that foot ! '' 
 `` but you said we should go to the cave . '' 
 `` but i did n't tell you to walk there ! '' 
 `` should i hop or crawl all the way there ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` no , i 'll carry you ! '' 
 `` what ? 
 but i 'm heavy . '' 
 ali walked up to her and lifted her from the ground . 
 `` light as a feather ! '' 
 he said . 
 put your arms around my neck to give us better balance . '' 
 he walked slowly to the cave with her in his arms . 
 paramita could feel her face turning red , she had never been this close to a man before . 
 she can smell his soft musky cologne , provoking her heart to beat faster . 
 `` are you feeling alright ? '' 
 he suddenly asked , catching her off guard . 
 `` yes , i am . 
 why ? '' 
 `` your face is all red , i thought you might have a fever or something . '' 
 `` uhm , that ? 
 it 's that i 'm feeling somewhat ... ... . 
 , nervous . '' 
 she replied . 
 `` do n't worry , i wo n't drop you . '' 
 `` it 's not that . 
 i 've never been this close to a man before . '' 
 she blushed again . 
 `` well , now you have . '' 
 he smiled , without saying anything else . 
 they felt drops of water falling on their skin . 
 the rain had arrived . 
 the cave turned out to be small and very narrow inside , they had to squeeze in tightly to be able to fit in there together . 
 `` it 's tight , but at least it can protect us from the rain until help comes . '' 
 said ali . 
 `` my shoulder is hurting being pressed against the rock wall , '' paramita complained . 
 `` maybe we should change sitting positions . 
 let 's do this , why do n't you turn around and sit facing the wall , and i 'll sit behind you with my back to the other wall . '' 
 `` okay , let 's try . '' 
 they moved around to sit as ali suggested . 
 `` you 're sitting there all comfortable with your legs crossed , there 's hardly enough space for me . 
 i 'm squished against the wall . '' 
 paramita said . 
 `` do n't be such a princess . 
 look , i 'll open my legs and you can move backward , you can lean against me . '' 
 he said . 
 paramita turned her head slightly , `` i do n't think that 's an appropriate position for a man and woman to be in . '' 
 `` i know it 's not , but do you have a better idea ? 
 besides , nobody 's here to judge us , and we 're not doing anything immoral . '' 
 `` you 're right . '' 
 she shifted her body backward , feeling his body against her back , her heart started beating out of control again . 
 `` do n't worry , there 's no need to be nervous around me . '' 
 he said softly . 
 she could feel his warm breath against her neck as he was talking , giving her goose bumps . 
 `` are you cold ? '' 
 he asked seeing her shiver . 
 he placed his arm around her . 
 `` abang , what if somebody sees us ? '' 
 she barely managed to let her voice out . 
 `` who would be out here in this hard rain ? 
 if somebody were here to see us , we can actually follow them back to the village , and we 'll be safe . '' 
 `` hah , you 're right ! '' 
 that did n't lessen her awkwardness , she sat there in silence , only moving a little bit to make herself comfortable from time to time . 
 `` abang ... '' `` hmmm ? '' 
 `` can you please move your wallet to your back pocket , it 's making me uncomfortable . '' 
 she said while shrugging her body backward to make him understand her point . 
 `` my wallet is in my back pocket . '' 
 ali responded , `` do n't move like that , please . 
 keep still . '' 
 `` but something solid is pressing against my behind , can you see what it is and move it away ? '' 
 `` be quiet and stay still , it 'll go away by itself . 
 if you keep moving like that , it will just get worse '' he said with a strained voice . 
 `` okay , '' she agreed immediately without even one word of protest . 
 he could n't see her ears were ready to burst into flames . 
 the thought of their awkward situation made her too embarrassed to say a single word . 
 he felt a wave of relief when paramita decided to obey him and stop moving . 
 this time , it was his turn to turn red . 
 he tried to empty his mind by controlling his breathing . 
 her skin emitted the soft scent of jasmine causing his blood to rush away from his head . 
 the warmth of her back pressed against his chest was making him even dizzier . 
 he frantically tried to come up with other things to think about in order to distract himself from his invading thoughts . 
 outside the sky , was becoming dark , but the rain did n't show any sign of stopping . 
 ali felt restless and uneasy , he did n't know how long he could keep calm and in control in this situation . 
 `` mita , what did you and hafiz talk about at the night of our engagement ? '' 
 he asked , partly curious , partly to distract himself . 
 she took a deep breath , `` at first we talked about our misunderstanding and the fight that we had . 
 i do admit , i had no business judging him . 
 he also asked me to be friends again with him , which i think is a good thing , you know . 
 we used to be so close , and we used to hang out often when we were studying . 
 he would bale me out a lot of times money wise , when i was stubbornly insistent to not use my allowance from my mother . 
 so decided to tell him you know , how i felt about him back then '' she paused . 
 `` then what happened ? 
 how did he end up confessing to you ? '' 
 `` i was about to go back to the hall , when he suddenly told me that he had always known about my feelings and that he felt the same way , it 's that , at that time , i was weird and ugly . 
 maybe you do n't know this , but i spent the first two years of college , going around campus in flower printed clothes , but not the good type , it was a disaster . '' 
 she laughed remembering that time , `` oh well anyway , he told me that he kept changing girlfriends because , none of them hit it off with him like i did , but he was embarrassed to be seen dating me . 
 so basically to him all the other girls , including my best friend laila , were to fill-in his void . 
 that 's the back story . 
 now , when your parents told him that he might have to marry me , he said he was upset because , as a good friend of his , it felt somewhat gay for him . '' 
 she paused . 
 `` i remember him mentioning that to me , '' ali said . 
 `` but he told me , that as soon as he heard that i was going to marry you instead , it flipped a switch in his mind , because that means i 'm going to belong to someone else . 
 something that never worried him before , because he was confident that no man will look at me . '' 
 `` what ? 
 did he say that ? 
 how could he disrespect you like that ? '' 
 ali responded angrily . 
 `` no , do n't be upset , i made the last part up . '' 
 she corrected herself . 
 `` but anyway in my opinion , he sees me as interesting now , because of my status as a puteri here in jothar . '' 
 `` mita , hafiz is my only little brother , and i 've known him since he was born , he might be many things , but he 's not the kind of person to take advantage of other people for personal gain . 
 he sometimes does things that are irresponsible , but he would never intentionally hurt people . 
 besides , he 's not an ambitious person . '' 
 `` what are you implying ? '' 
 `` i think that he really believes that he has feelings for you . '' 
 `` do you think so ? '' 
 she asked doubting him . 
 `` i know so ! '' 
 he affirmed . 
 `` well , there 's nothing that i can do about it . 
 he missed his train with me . 
 i 've passed through the pain of getting over him , and i 'm not crawling back into that hole again . 
 besides , it 's not like i 'm marrying you because i choose to . '' 
 she said . 
 `` i 'll have a talk with him as soon as he gets over his capricious phase . '' 
 ali assured her . 
 `` by the way , why did you agree to marry me ? '' 
 `` there are three valid reasons to marry a woman , first her beauty , which you definitely have , the second is her fortune and position , and the last is her religion . '' 
 he paused , `` you have two and the third remains to be seen . 
 so why not ? '' 
 `` do n't try to run in circles with me ! 
 tell me the truth '' she said . 
 `` because i want to be a part of the ruling family , i want to be one of the governing prince 's and eventually be the finance minister . 
 my father was able to get his position as the minister of foreign affairs because of the closeness to the sultan , but when your brother takes over the throne , i will be too far away from the inner family circle to be even considered for the position . 
 at first when i heard that you were going to marry hafiz , i thought i could use his position to bring me into the circle , but this marriage gives me more political weight . '' 
 he reasoned . 
 `` so you 're using me as a stepping stone for power and position ? '' 
 paramita asked . 
 `` honestly , yes . 
 just like you used me to get three million dollars . '' 
 he said . 
 `` well , being ambitious is normal , i guess . '' 
 she whispered . 
 `` mine is not ambition . 
 look , jothar relies on petroleum for the government expenditures , like subsidies for the general population and the building of infrastructure . 
 but remember our country is small and so is our petroleum source . 
 what happens when in the next fifteen or twenty years , we exhaust that resource ? 
 or the price of petroleum drops in the international market ? 
 we have no significant national production besides petroleum , we do n't export anything that can be a national source of income , and most of our people rely on subsidies for food , gas , electricity , education , and medical benefits . 
 what happens when the government can longer subsidies ? 
 the economy will collapse , the government will collapse and eventually our country will collapse . 
 i always planned to get involved into politics , but now with this marriage arrangement , i can reach my goal faster . 
 as the sultan 's son-in-law , people will listen to me , and we can get to work on an economic reformation . '' 
 `` ah ... now i understand why my father wanted you as his son-in-law . 
 so maybe my theory was n't so off after all . '' 
 `` could be , i 've discussed this with my father so many times , maybe he spoke to the sultan about it . '' 
 `` that 's not such a bad cause . 
 you 're quite noble '' paramita praised . 
 `` and what about dewi ? '' 
 `` i feel sad for her . 
 the thought of breaking her heart , tears me up inside . 
 but if i have to put on a scale between my future with her , and the future of my people , there 's no doubt which one i 'll choose . '' 
 `` well you can count on me to help you in your cause , until we divorce , of course . '' 
 she glanced at him . 
 `` who said i 'm going to divorce you that easily ? '' 
 `` what are you saying ? '' 
 `` to strengthen my position , i must have a child with you first . 
 after you give birth to my child , then we can talk about divorce . 
 that 's if you have the heart to abandon your own baby and husband . '' 
 `` you ! 
 i take back all the good thoughts i had about you , you 're a horrible and conniving human being ! '' 
 the thought of having a baby with him made her blush . 
 they sat in silence for a while , lost in their own chain of thoughts paramita began to shrug again , her body felt stiff , she took a deep breath , `` i wish , they 'd found out a way to compress objects and fit them in a capsule . 
 then we can carry a helicopter in our pockets , put water on it to make it big and get out of here . '' 
 `` you mean like what they do in capsule corps ? '' 
 ali replied . 
 `` oh ? 
 did you read that comic book too ? '' 
 she asked in surprise . 
 `` i have a complete collection of dragon ball comic in the library at home , among others , i love reading comic books . '' 
 `` that 's funny , you never strike me as the comic reading type . '' 
 `` what type do i strike you as ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , you 're a company director , aspiring to be a minister , have a stable girlfriend , and from a noble family . 
 i would have thought that you 're the elegant , stuck up , and high-class type . '' 
 `` well , you do n't strike me as the comic book reading type . '' 
 `` i do n't ? '' 
 `` just kidding , you do , it 's written all over your face , '' ali laughed , `` so what else have you read ? '' 
 they spent hours talking and laughing about their favorite books , movies , and television series . 
 they found out that they had many things in common . 
 ali never felt this comfortable before , how many years had it been since he could show his true side , and not hide in a façade of being a responsible public figure . 
 `` i did n't know we had some much in common ! '' 
 paramita said . 
 there was no answer . 
 `` abang , what are you thinking ? '' 
 `` i suddenly remembered what dewi said to me today . '' 
 he finally answered . 
 `` what did she say ? '' 
 she said while yawning . 
 `` nothing important . 
 mita , it 's already dark outside , and there is no sign of the rain stopping . 
 i do n't think they will be coming for us tonight , for safety reasons . 
 it would be a good idea if we try to get some sleep to conserve energy . '' 
 `` try to sleep ? 
 here ? 
 in this position ? '' 
 `` do n't worry , i 'm not going to do anything weird to you . '' 
 `` i know , i did n't mean to accuse you of that , i 'm sorry . 
 i know your feelings are only for dewi . '' 
 `` be careful of the way you think , men can easily be tempted to do perverted things to woman . 
 what keeps him from doing those things are high moral values . '' 
 he said . 
 `` i understand . '' 
 she replied softly . 
 `` you know , once in a man 's life , he meets someone who confuses him and turns his world upside down , forgetting everything that he planned , felt and dreamed before he met her . 
 forcing him to a crossroad without knowing which way to choose , to continue on his planned journey , or to change his course . 
 someone very special who completely bewitched his mind and soul without even realizing it . '' 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 `` never mind , go to sleep . '' 
 `` ah , okay . '' 
 her voice barely audible , it had been a long day . 
 chapter fifteen the rain had stopped , and the sky outside the cave glowed in a red and orange hue . 
 the stiffness and aching of his body made ali realize that he was not in his warm and comfortable bed . 
 he felt something weighing down on his body , when he looked , he saw that paramita was sleeping on top of him . 
 he was about to shake her shoulder to wake her up . 
 but seeing her peaceful and solemn expression , made him hesitate . 
 instead , he stroked her cheek gently . 
 `` mita , wake up . 
 it 's dawn already . '' 
 he whispered softly . 
 she stirred a bit , she opened her eyes a bit . 
 `` mak , just a few more minutes . '' 
 `` i 'm not mak noor ... . '' 
 he said . 
 she opened her eyes widely now , staring at the ceiling of the cave above her , `` oh , that 's right , we 're in a cave in the middle of the borneo jungle . 
 where did you get a cushion from ? '' 
 `` it 's not a cushion , it 's me . '' 
 she sat up almost instantly , `` i 'm sorry , i did n't mean to ... '' `` hey , calm down , no harm done . '' 
 he said , `` look , i 'm going to check out the perimeter , i want you to wait here for me , just stay seated , do n't try to walk or even stand up , i do n't want you to put any pressure on that foot . '' 
 `` it 's a small sprain , it 'll get better by itself , do n't worry about me . '' 
 `` i 'm not worried about you , first of all , your father is not going to like the fact that you went with me to an event and ended up at the bottom of a cliff , and second , i do n't want to marry a limping bride . '' 
 `` very funny ... . '' 
 * * * paramita was becoming bored . 
 ali had left for almost an hour and she did n't have anything to occupy herself with . 
 she regretted that she did n't have her bag with her , she should have brought it along , and not leave it in the van when she was entering the restroom , otherwise she would have her pocket flashlight to allow her to visually explore the small cave properly or even use it to read the book that she 's currently reading . 
 her stomach started to growl , she had n't eaten since lunchtime at the event 's buffet . 
 at this moment , her mind is imagining all her favorite food that she had n't eaten since she had arrived at jothar . 
 she liked the traditional food that they serve in the palace , because it is a new experience for her as the same meal that the maids cooked at her mother 's house were usually missing a spice or two , so they did taste somewhat different . 
 but at this moment , she would kill to have a portion of good old fish n ' chips . 
 a combination of hunger , boredom and solitude , was making her restless and cranky . 
 `` what happened to bang ali ? '' 
 she said to herself , `` he 's taking so long , did he ditch me here ? '' 
 she grabbed hold of a protruding rock above her head , and pulled herself up with her arms taking care to not put any weight on her injured leg . 
 when she finally succeeded to stand up , she leaned her back against the wall to help her support herself . 
 slowly she walked out of the cave while tracing the wall . 
 the sky was already bright , the sound of birds chirping in the surrounding trees made the scenery around her seem heavenly . 
 she took a deep breath , enjoying the fresh air . 
 she picked up a rustling sound from her right-hand side , she tried to see what it could be but , the thick bushes hid the cause from plain view . 
 paramita looked around to find anything that can help her defend herself . 
 there was a long thick stick of wood on the ground a few meters in front of her , she hopped towards it , and picked it up . 
 she quickly scanned her surrounding to find an object that she can lean against . 
 she saw a big rock about two meters away across the bush that had rustled and moved , she quickly used the stick she found as a walking stick to help her reach the rock . 
 she leaned against the rock and pinned her eyes on the bush , to be aware of any sudden movements . 
 the bushes moved more rapidly , paramita moved her good leg backward and planted her feet firmly on the ground , concentrating her body weight on it , she lifted the stick , ready to defend herself . 
 suddenly , the leaves parted and ali came out . 
 he had a surprised look on his face , seeing paramita in front of him armed with a stick , ready to hit him . 
 `` i left for not more than an hour , and you 're already going to beat me up ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` if i knew it was you , i would have clubbed you immediately without a warning . '' 
 `` and risk losing your pot of gold at the end of the rainbow ? '' 
 she looked at his right hand , `` where did you get those bananas ? '' 
 `` there were some banana trees , over there by the river . 
 i had to pull out the ripe bunches . 
 by the way , did n't i tell you to stay put ? '' 
 `` you did . 
 however , i chose to ignore it after waiting for so long . '' 
 `` you 're so stubborn , let me put these bananas away first then i 'll help you to sit down , we have to eat quickly . '' 
 `` do n't worry , i found this stick , i can use it to help me walk . '' 
 she said while using the stick to help her walk over to him . 
 he did n't say anything , but put his arm around her and helped her to the dry spot where he had left the bananas . 
 `` the rain was so heavy last night that it caused a landslide over where you fell yesterday . 
 i saw that there is a small trail to the east of here , i suspect it leads to the village since the village is also towards the east , but i ca n't be sure . '' 
 `` wait , did n't you say that the royal guards were coming for us ? '' 
 `` yes , but if they do n't find their way here by late morning , we have to try to find our way back to the village ourselves . 
 unless , you want to spend another night here . '' 
 `` hilarious ... . . '' 
 suddenly there was a man 's voice calling from above them , `` raden ... . . 
 raden ... . . 
 raden ali . '' 
 ali looked at paramita then answered back , `` we 're here . '' 
 `` raden , i 'm suparta the village chief , the captain of your guards , asked me to tell you that , the guards are on their way right now , they will probably take about two hours or so to reach you , because they have to go around this cliff . 
 last night 's rain caused mud to block the usual path and the main road leading to this area . '' 
 `` mr. suparta , i saw a small footpath close to the river that seems to head eastward , does that footpath lead to the village ? '' 
 `` it does , raden , but if you use that path , you 'll have to eventually cross the river to reach the village , and that 's not advisable because of the current . '' 
 `` mr. suparta , which way should we go , if we want to meet the guards halfway ? '' 
 `` raden , you have to walk towards the south , then when you reach the bottom of the cliff there , you 'll find a footpath , follow the path towards the left . 
 just follow that footpath , and it will take you to the main road , i think it would be a good idea to wait for your guards there , if you do not want to wait here . 
 you should n't go further because that side of the forest is dangerous , there are some illegal loggers that do their activities there . 
 they can be violent at times . 
 they 're likely to avoid people traveling in groups , but if they see only a man and a woman , they would n't hesitate to harm you . '' 
 `` okay , thank you mr. suparta . 
 do you know if the guards have contacted the palace , to inform them about us ? '' 
 `` yes they have , raden . 
 last night . 
 they said that his majesty sultan has ordered the commander of the royal guards to come here personally to head the rescue mission , his excellency the minister will also be coming here . '' 
 `` rescue mission ? '' 
 paramita asked . 
 `` do they really need to go to that extent ? '' 
 `` you are the daughter of the sultan . '' 
 ali replied . 
 `` well , i guess that 's one reason . '' 
 `` mr. suparta , we are going to head to the main road , since her highness puteri is injured , we will be proceeding slowly . '' 
 `` yes your excellency . '' 
 ali turned to mita , `` let 's eat first . 
 we should n't go on an empty stomach , it 'll be dangerous if i ca n't tell the difference between the growl of a wild animal and your stomach . '' 
 `` you 're such a clown . '' 
 she smiled playfully . 
 after they finished eating , ali helped her to get up and walk to the direction given by village chief suparta . 
 the ground was soft and muddy because of the rain the previous night . 
 this made paramita 's make shift walking stick sink every time it hit the ground . 
 `` here , lean on me . '' 
 he said to her , `` it 'll be faster than having to pull that stick out of the mud every time you take a step . '' 
 `` amazing , for once you 're actually saying something that makes sense . '' 
 she replied while putting her arm around his shoulder . 
 ali stopped , and tickled her waist , `` what did you say ? '' 
 paramita laughed and wriggled around , a leaf under her feet moved due to the pressure , and caused her to slip . 
 ali quickly threw his other arm around her to prevent her from falling . 
 as she straightened her body , their lips accidentally touched . 
 paramita immediately bowed her head , feeling embarrassed . 
 `` i 'm sorry , it was an accident . '' 
 whispered ali . 
 `` no problem . '' 
 her heart was pounding so hard , she could n't hear anything else . 
 `` okay , let 's continue , otherwise we 'll never get out of here before dark . '' 
 they continued walking together , paramita felt restless , that they have n't reached the bottom of the cliff yet . 
 `` are you sure we 're going the right way ? 
 i mean in this dense forest , how do you know we 're actually going north or not ? '' '' 
 she asked him . 
 `` of course , look , here . '' 
 he showed her his watch . 
 `` since we had an event in a remote location , i wore my watch that has a compass on it . 
 see , i 'm not as useless as you think . '' 
 `` who would have known that you 're actually my type ? '' 
 she said in a serious tone . 
 `` too bad you 're taken , well your heart at least . '' 
 `` taken ? '' 
 `` yeah , too bad you already have someone you love , otherwise you are my ideal type of guy . '' 
 `` ideal ? 
 in what way ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` well , you 're very smart , mature , far-sighted , understanding , and i have to admit you are handsome . 
 too bad you 're the wrong kind of arab though . 
 but still you 're a very good catch . 
 dewi is a very lucky woman . '' 
 `` what wrong kind of arab ? '' 
 `` yeah , you know , the kind in romance novels , a sheik or sovereign prince from an exotic desert country . '' 
 `` ha ... ha ... ha ... . '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` yeah , do n't you remember that i 'm going to marry up the social ladder to get the title prince ? 
 so you think that i 'll make a good husband ? '' 
 `` oh yes , you will . '' 
 he smiled , `` you 're quite blunt . 
 so how can you compliment a man without even blinking or feeling shy about it ? '' 
 `` i 've decided to not see you as a man . '' 
 she said frankly . 
 `` umm ... . 
 , and what does that supposed to mean ? 
 if i 'm not a man , am i an orangutan or something ? '' 
 `` no , silly . 
 i mean , you already have someone , so i need to see you in a platonic way , you know , kind of like a big brother . '' 
 `` big brother in law ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` no , no ... . 
 i do n't see myself with hafiz . '' 
 `` so who do you see yourself with ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , i have n't found my mr. right , yet . '' 
 `` maybe you have , but you have n't realized it . '' 
 `` i do n't think so . 
 one of the criteria that mr. right should have , besides being my type , is that he should love me . 
 so i still have to wait for him to appear . '' 
 `` how would you know that a man loves you ? 
 does he have to come up to you and say it ? '' 
 `` well , there 's nothing wrong with saying : `` i love you '' once in a while . '' 
 `` you know in most cases , actions speak louder than words , especially for a man . 
 a man can say i love you to a handful of women . 
 but sometimes he does n't really feel that deeply for her . 
 i mean he could easily let go of her and forget her because he does n't feel the emotional need to be with her , have her by his side and make her only his . 
 but when a man really loves a woman , no words can describe how she makes him feel . '' 
 `` oh ? 
 and what feelings are those ? '' 
 `` well , good feelings . 
 like , wanting to protect her , to be by her side every day , to see her smile , to talk to her and listen to her jokes . 
 there 's also some not so good feelings , worrying if she thinks about another man , not matter who that man may be . 
 he 'd also feel passion and desire for her and only her , more than he had before . '' 
 `` yeah , well unless he is in love with a psychic that would be difficult for the woman to know what he feels for her . '' 
 `` if she was n't so stubborn , maybe she could tell by the way he behaves towards her and by the things he says to her . 
 but then again , her stubborn nature is perhaps something he loves about her . '' 
 `` i wish i had someone who felt that way about me . 
 but most men are just `` dogs '' . 
 like my father or your brother . 
 you know they can be with many women at the same time . 
 for them , women are just objects to satisfy their desires . '' 
 `` are they really `` dogs '' or are they poor unfortunate people who have n't met or maybe will never meet that one special person , who makes their world go around ? 
 look there 's the cliff ! '' 
 `` oh , finally . 
 but you know . 
 you might be right , i 've never thought of it that way . 
 it definitely takes a man to know a man . '' 
 `` over there , it looks like a foot path , come on . '' 
 they walked along the foot path , it appeared like it was n't used so often . 
 the trees have grown tightly around it . 
 `` be careful , this area seems to be much denser than the other part . 
 here come close to me ! '' 
 `` is that even possible ? 
 i already have my arms around you and we 're pressed together like this . '' 
 she responded . 
 ali smiled , `` i can think of one other way that we can get physically closer . '' 
 `` how ? '' 
 she asked not really paying attention to what he said . 
 `` i 'll show you soon . 
 but not today . '' 
 he said while giving her a cryptic smile . 
 `` whatever you say . '' 
 `` i wish i had a machete to cut these branches and leaves . '' 
 `` we 'll have to make do with what we have . '' 
 `` yep , you 're right . 
 look out , there 's a protruding branch in front of you . '' 
 he said while pushing her head towards him . 
 `` thanks , i almost lost an eye back there . '' 
 `` do n't say such things . 
 knock on wood . '' 
 he said while knocking on her head . 
 `` ouch . '' 
 she said . 
 they carefully walked down the foot path , clearing away the branches with their arms . 
 `` are you sure that your ankle is all right ? '' 
 `` yeah , it 's nothing that i ca n't bear , in fact , i think it 's hurting less than before . 
 like i said , it 's an old injury . 
 i easily sprain this ankle , but it usually gets better by itself after some time . '' 
 `` i guess i have to take your word for now . 
 at least until we can have it checked out by a physician . 
 but i still want you to avoid putting pressure on it , as much as you can . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 she paused , `` do you hear that ? '' 
 she threw her hand against his chest to stop him . 
 `` it sounds like people talking . '' 
 `` do you think it 's them ? '' 
 `` let 's not take any risk , it could be the illegal loggers the village chief was talking about . 
 we need to find some place to hide . '' 
 `` abang , over there , look , the trunk of that tree is twisted down towards the ground . 
 we can duck behind it and still observe this path . '' 
 `` let 's go . 
 take it easy , do n't strain that ankle of yours . '' 
 he helped her to get behind the trunk , then went to her side . 
 `` do you see that ? 
 the leaves are moving in different directions , it looks like it 's a big group of people . '' 
 he held her hand tightly . 
 the sound of people talking became closer and closer . 
 `` abang . 
 `` paramita whispered in his ear , `` i only hear men 's voice , it does n't seem to be any women and children in that party . '' 
 `` you 're right , keep your head down . '' 
 chapter sixteen the group passed by in front of them , they were not the royal guards . 
 ali observed ten rugged looking men , they were armed . 
 three had rifles , while the others had sticks and machetes swinging them around to clear their path from the leaves that grew surrounding it . 
 ali held paramita 's head down , making sure they do n't spot her . 
 the men passed by without realizing they were there . 
 `` let 's wait a few minutes just in case . '' 
 he whispered to her . 
 she nodded without saying anything , holding on firmly to his hand . 
 ali let thirty minutes go by before he felt that it was safe for them to go out and continue their route . 
 `` let 's go , careful . '' 
 he said as he helped her climb over the tree trunk . 
 `` hold on to the trunk so you do n't have to put your body weight on your injury . '' 
 he told her , before jumping over the trunk . 
 `` this way . '' 
 he said once she had her arm around his neck . 
 `` let 's try to move as fast as we can . 
 we need to make sure we put a good distance between us and those men . '' 
 he quickly but carefully led paramita back to the footpath and helped her to it . 
 thanks to the group of men before , the way was clearer now , as they used their machetes to cut down the leaves that obstructed to way . 
 `` abang , over there , look , i can see the road . 
 can you see it ? '' 
 she asked him with excitement . 
 `` yes , i see it , come on . '' 
 he answered . 
 they rushed as quickly as they can . 
 the road was empty . 
 `` let 's not wait in plain sight , we better find a hidden place to stay until the royal guards get here . '' 
 he looked left and right . 
 `` mita , i do n't see any good hiding place , let 's head to the bushes over there . '' 
 paramita looked in the direction he pointed . 
 `` okay . 
 let 's go . '' 
 she replied . 
 they were about to walk into the bushes , when they heard a familiar voice , `` your excellency , your highness . '' 
 they turned around , it was the team leader , waving both his hands in the air from across the main road . 
 ali waved back at him . 
 `` captain bagas . 
 it 's good to see you . '' 
 he shouted . 
 the guards rushed over to them . 
 `` i 'm sorry we could n't come for you last night . 
 the rain was so heavy , it was n't safe for us to head out . '' 
 `` we understand , '' paramita replied kindly . 
 `` is there just the five of you ? 
 mr. suparta the village chief told us that the commander of the royal guard is coming out here . '' 
 `` yes , ma'am . '' 
 replied the team leader , `` he left the capital early this morning , but we could n't wait for him to arrive to come looking for you , so we left first . '' 
 `` ah , i see . 
 thank you . '' 
 she replied to him . 
 `` captain , her highness puteri is hurt , we have to move slowly . '' 
 `` yes , sir . 
 please let 's go this way . '' 
 `` captain , one more thing . 
 earlier we came across a group of men that looked quite suspicious , maybe they are a gang of loggers or poachers , i 'm not sure . 
 but we need to be careful , just in case they turn around and come up from behind us , or if they have any other members of their group coming this way . '' 
 `` yes , raden . 
 we will keep a look out for them . '' 
 ali positioned his arm around paramita 's waist again , and she hung her arm around his neck . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 he asked her `` of course , it just my ankle , it 's not as though it 's life threatening . '' 
 `` pfft , i do n't know why i even bothered to ask you . '' 
 he said . 
 `` raden , i can help you carry her highness puteri ... . '' 
 said one of the guards . 
 `` no ! '' 
 ali answered shortly . 
 `` it 's okay , i think he can help me . 
 you 've been dragging me around all morning , you must be tired by now . '' 
 paramita said to him . 
 `` no ! 
 wait until after you bury me , before you start thinking of letting yourself be touched by any other man . '' 
 he answered . 
 `` what in the world does that mean ? '' 
 she asked . 
 he did n't attempt to explain . 
 `` come on , let 's go . '' 
 they crossed the main road and took the path that the guards used earlier . 
 `` there 's a group of men with weapons in front of us . '' 
 the guard walking at the front shouted to them . 
 `` they 're coming this way . '' 
 `` are they the police or soldiers ? '' 
 ali asked . 
 `` it does n't seem like it your excellency . '' 
 `` throw down your weapons and put your hands up in the air . '' 
 a man who 's probably the leader shouted out to them . 
 several men came out from the surrounding trees , armed with machetes . 
 the guards drew their weapons and situated themselves in a circle around ali and paramita , taking a defensive position . 
 the head guard said . 
 `` do n't do anything rash , what do you want from us ? '' 
 one thug pulled a girl out from the bush and put her in front of him , putting a machete close to her neck . 
 it was the little girl who took paramita to see the orang utan . 
 `` throw your guns down , or we 'll cut her ! '' 
 the man shouted again . 
 `` men , put down your guns , we do n't want to risk anybody 's life , '' ali said to the guards . 
 the guards obeyed ali 's orders and threw down their handguns . 
 the thugs came forward apprehend them . 
 `` search them , make sure they do n't have any other weapons . '' 
 the gang leader shouted . 
 the thugs came forward and searched the guards and ali , satisfied that they did n't find any weapons , they confiscated all the wallets that they found . 
 the thugs made them walk off the footpath that they were following and go further into the forest . 
 `` look , do you know who we are ? '' 
 said the team leader to them . 
 `` quiet ! '' 
 one of the thugs yelled at him and hit him on the head with the handle of a machete . 
 two royal guards moved to attack back , but the team leader signaled them down . 
 `` walk ! '' 
 ordered the leader , gesturing to the forest . 
 after walking for at least an hour , they reached a clearing . 
 the leader signaled for them to stop . 
 `` our orders were to kill them all ! '' 
 the leader shouted `` wait , do n't harm her , she 's ... '' one royal guard was about to identify paramita , when he saw ali signing him to be quiet . 
 `` no , please do n't kill anyone . '' 
 he said holding his arms up , `` i 'll cooperate , i 'll give you anything you want , but do n't harm anyone , just let us go . '' 
 one of the men walked to paramita and grabbed her face . 
 `` it 's a waste to just kill a beautiful woman like her , i think we can make her our wife first . '' 
 the others laughed , they started cheering and making obscene remarks . 
 `` do n't touch her ! '' 
 ali shouted angrily , leaping forward to hit him . 
 the royal guards were tense and engrossed , ready to attack the thug . 
 paramita never felt so humiliated in her life , she briskly moved her head to free herself from the man 's grasp , then threw a hard head butt directly at his nose . 
 the man screamed and fell down clutching his nose , blood was gushing out . 
 high on adrenalin she took the opportunity to launch a front kick towards his head as fast and as hard as she could , and as the man landed with his back flat on the ground , she quickly jumped forward and landed on his sternum then proceeded to stomp his head several times , until he stopped moving . 
 ali and the guards took this as a queue , they moved attacking the thugs nearest to them . 
 one of the thugs in an attempt to subdue them , he pulled out a gun that they had confiscated from the guards , and pointed it at paramita , who was standing a few meters away from him . 
 the thug pulled the trigger to shoot her . 
 ali and the guards stopped in their spot . 
 suddenly they heard paramita yell , `` he does n't know how to shoot the glock . 
 the security is still on . '' 
 she swooped down , grabbed a stick that was lying near her feet , and swung it as hard as she could towards the thug 's hand . 
 the gun flew from his hands , captain bagas ran up and punched him in the jaw , and then the stomach . 
 the thug fell to the ground . 
 ali grabbed the thug close to him by the collar , pulling him down then planted his knee into the thug 's stomach , he clasped both hands and banged it against the thug 's neck causing him to fall to the ground . 
 ali seeing that the ring leader was about to flee ran towards him . 
 the ring leader stopped , turned around then aimed the rifle at him . 
 but ali was faster , he grabbed the barrel , and yanked it away , then used the butt to hit him . 
 the leader fell the unconscious . 
 it did n't take long for the guards to subdue the robbers . 
 `` take off their shirts and use it to tie their hands behind their backs . '' 
 ordered the team leader to his men . 
 ali approached the man who had tried to molest paramita . 
 he was now regaining consciousness . 
 `` stand up ! '' 
 he yelled while pulling the thug up by his shirt . 
 `` give him a machete ! '' 
 ali said to the team leader . 
 `` what are you doing , bang ? '' 
 paramita asked him with surprise . 
 the team leader gave a man a machete . 
 `` come on , if you want to go free , then attack me , '' ali told him `` abang ! '' 
 paramita yelled . 
 the thug leaped forward and swung at ali with the machete , he slashed it aiming at ali 's neck . 
 ali moved backward to avoid the attack . 
 `` you missed . '' 
 he said . 
 the thug kept moving forward swinging his weapon blindly left to right . 
 seeing that the thug had no fighting skills , ali decided to end it quickly . 
 he jumped the man 's right side and clinched at the man 's arms tendon with his bare fingers . 
 the thug screamed , and let go of the machete , and held his right arm with his left hand . 
 ali pulled the thug 's arm behind his back , kicked him and pulled on his arm . 
 the man screamed and fell to the ground . 
 his right arm limp and his shoulder dislocated . 
 `` this is an example , if anybody else ever dares to touch my fiancée , i 'll cripple them without a second thought . '' 
 he said out loud , even the royal guards , swallowed their saliva at his warning . 
 ali walked over to paramita and pulled her close to him in a hug , `` are you alright ? 
 did they hurt you ? '' 
 he asked her . 
 `` i 'm okay , thank you . '' 
 paramita was surprised at his action , but suddenly the words of the thug echoed in her ear , causing a chill to run down her spine , she instinctively buried her head in his chest . 
 `` that was the most disgusting thing i ever heard . '' 
 feeling her body shaking , he held her tighter . 
 `` it 's okay , it 's over . 
 you did very well . '' 
 `` your highness puteri , you were amazing ! '' 
 said one of the guards to her , the others voiced their agreement . 
 `` thank you , gentlemen . '' 
 she said while lifting her head up . 
 `` we have to interrogate these criminals . 
 we need to know how they knew who we were , they were clearly waiting for us . '' 
 said the captain . 
 `` something 's not right , '' paramita said to ali . 
 `` where 's the little girl ? '' 
 ali looked around , `` captain , where is the little girl who was taken hostage ? '' 
 `` search the surrounding for the child who they used as a hostage ! '' 
 the team leader ordered his men . 
 `` sir , we searched everywhere , but we ca n't find her . '' 
 reported one of his men . 
 hearing this , paramita looked at ali , `` is this all a coincidence ? '' 
 `` unlikely . '' 
 he replied . 
 `` captain , we should get back to the main road . 
 let me ask you this , have you contacted the palace ? '' 
 ` yes sir . 
 we did last night . '' 
 `` did you contact them yourself , or did you ask somebody to help you ? '' 
 `` i contacted them myself , sir . '' 
 `` who 's waiting for them at the village ? 
 `` the driver is , sir . '' 
 `` alone ? '' 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 `` abang , he might be in danger , '' paramita said with an alert tone . 
 suddenly she remembered something , `` captain , why do n't any of you have a radio ? '' 
 `` we did not carry any handhelds , mam . 
 we only have the long distance in the car , that 's how we alerted the palace last night . '' 
 `` captain . 
 `` ali said `` we do n't have time to interrogate these people , we have to head back to the village right away . 
 we do n't know who 's on our side , and who 's against us . 
 if my father arrives with the royal guards , they might be walking straight into a trap . '' 
 `` yes , raden . 
 it 's better if we take a different route back to the village , just in case . '' 
 `` good idea . '' 
 `` men , make these thugs take off their pants and cut them up as ropes , along with their shirts . 
 we have to bind their legs , hands , eyes , and mouths so they do n't try to escape and warn anybody . '' 
 he gave orders to his men . 
 `` yes sir . '' 
 `` hey , one moment , '' ali shouted . '' 
 before you start taking people 's pants off , i will take puteri over there . 
 she does n't need to see those men naked . 
 find us once you 're finished . '' 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 `` come on . '' 
 he said to paramita . 
 `` but should n't we help them ? '' 
 she asked him . 
 `` that way we can get it done faster . '' 
 `` the guards can manage without our help . 
 besides , i prefer that you do n't see men in their birthday suits , no matter what the situation is . '' 
 he replied . 
 `` if anybody else heard you say that , they would think that you 're jealous towards me . '' 
 `` would they ? '' 
 he answered shortly . 
 `` here , sit down on this rock . '' 
 he said while patting to a rock that has a rather flat surface . 
 she walked over to the rock , and tried to hoist herself up with her arms , to no luck . 
 he held both sides of her waist from behind and lifted her up on the rock . 
 `` turn around , and let me take a look at you ankle . '' 
 he said . 
 `` my ankle is okay . '' 
 she replied . 
 `` i want to make sure . 
 you threw a hard kick back then , and you also landed on both feet when you jumped . 
 you did n't feel anything because of the adrenaline surge , but once it goes back to normal again , you 're going to be in a lot of pain , '' he said while taking off her shoe . 
 `` it 's swollen . 
 does it hurt ? '' 
 `` not if you do n't touch it like that . '' 
 she said while putting a painful grin as ali moved her feet in a circular movement . 
 `` we need to wrap that ankle so it does n't get worse . '' 
 he said while tearing off both sleeves of his shirt . 
 `` i 'll be fine , you do n't have to trouble yourself like that . '' 
 she cried . 
 `` shhh , be quiet . '' 
 he said while taking her foot and wrapping her ankle . 
 `` i should have done this earlier . '' 
 `` thank you ! '' 
 she told him , `` you 're very kind to me . '' 
 he smiled and pinched her nose . 
 `` are you going to cry ? '' 
 she smiled . 
 she felt a heavy weight suddenly fell and crushed her heart . 
 the more time she spent with him , the more good qualities she found in him , the more it made her heart hurt . 
 he was perfect . 
 he was the ideal man she had always hoped to find in the past . 
 but now , he 's in front of her , but out of her reach . 
 she realized that she was seeing herself spiraling down into an unrequited love all over again . 
 chapter seventeen `` what 's wrong ? 
 did i put it on too tight ? 
 is it hurting you ? '' 
 `` no , it 's not that . 
 can you please do n't treat me like that ? '' 
 she said while removing her foot from his hand . 
 `` treat you like what ? 
 did i do something to offend you ? '' 
 he asked not understanding her sudden change in behavior . 
 `` no , you did n't . 
 on the contrary , you 've been great . 
 it 's just that , i do n't think we should get any closer , emotionally . 
 in the future , when we go our separate ways , it 's going to be difficult on me . '' 
 he put his finger on her lips tracing it gently . 
 `` did n't you promise me , that you were going to stop thinking about leaving ? '' 
 `` i know . 
 but , you 're such a great person , i do n't want to cause you to be separated from the woman you love . '' 
 `` just stay by my side , and you do n't have to worry about separating me with the woman i love . '' 
 paramita responded . 
 `` so , you are going to continue to see dewi , despite being married to me ? '' 
 `` mita , i want you to know that dewi and i are o ... '' ali could n't finish his sentence when the captain interrupted , `` excuse me your excellency , your highness . 
 we 've finished , we can go now . '' 
 he said . 
 `` abang , let 's go . '' 
 paramita said as she moved to jump down from the rock . 
 `` wait a minute , let me help you . '' 
 he replied while lifting her by the waist and helping her to the ground . 
 she thought to herself . 
 `` mita , you have to prevent yourself from getting hurt . 
 you have to protect yourself ! '' 
 * * * raden hamza felt restless . 
 last night as he was leaving the sultan 's office after the meeting , they received a call that puteri paramita and his son , had an accident while attending an event in a remote location . 
 he had a bad feeling when pangeran bashir had volunteered ali and paramita to go to the event . 
 he knew he should n't have kept his son in the dark about the political strife that they 're currently facing and is threatening his family . 
 in the wake of the economic crisis that hit south east asia , although jothar had not been directly affected by it , but the waves of political unrest has reached the nation . 
 people are starting to feel un-conformed with the monarchy . 
 not necessarily with the royal family and the sultanate , but the public are beginning to demand representation in the government . 
 and the sultan is not ready to release his absolute control over the country . 
 they had suspected that the popular demand to form a parliament was actually orchestrated by intellectual actors moving behind the screen . 
 the investigation performed by the central intelligence bureau had discovered that a key member of the royal family was an active player , the prime suspect was none other than prince bashir , the current sultan 's own elder half-brother from the previous sultan 's concubine . 
 what they ca n't determine yet , is where he got the funding for such an ambitious political movement . 
 `` your excellency , we are thirty minutes away from the village , '' the commander of the royal guards said , interrupting his chain of thoughts . 
 `` thank you , colonel . '' 
 he answered . 
 raden hamza took a deep breath . 
 their envoy was quite a big one , three trucks and a van in total . 
 they not only consisted of the royal guards , but also the army 's elite squad . 
 as they still do not know what the size of pangeran bashir 's forces are . 
 the car stopped , `` your excellency , we are not going to enter the village by car , we do not know if there are any hostiles waiting for us . 
 we are leaving the cars here , with the drivers and four heavily armed men on guard . 
 we will spread out and proceed by foot towards the village . 
 there is a chance that your son and the princess are not there , so i have instructed my men to keep a look out for them , they will radio us if there are any signs of them . '' 
 `` that sounds like a good plan . '' 
 `` your excellency , you can wait here , until we clear the perimeter . '' 
 `` no , by no means . 
 i will come with you colonel . 
 even though i 'm an old man now , but i still remember some of my military training from back in the day . '' 
 `` as you wish , sir . '' 
 he said . 
 they split up in five teams of four men each carrying an m16 , only raden hamza had a standard revolver in his hand . 
 they walked through the woods carefully , scanning the area around them . 
 the dense woods was making it difficult for them to push forward . 
 `` sir , look , there are traces of people recently walking through this area . 
 the branches are freshly cut . '' 
 said a soldier who was part of the raden hamza and the colonel 's team . 
 `` we have to be cautious , this shows that they 're armed with machetes . '' 
 `` but please do n't be trigger happy , we do n't know if it 's my son 's party or not . '' 
 `` sergeant , alert the men that there might be another armed group out here , but we do n't know if they are friendlies or hostiles . '' 
 `` yes sir . '' 
 they continued to push forward . 
 when the trees suddenly sparse , and they reached a small clearing , several men were standing there . 
 hearing the rustle of the trees , the group was alerted , and jumped behind the big trees in front of them , sounds of gun cocked rang through the forest . 
 raden hamza 's team ducked to take cover , `` this is the royal army , put down your weapons and surrender yourself ! '' 
 the colonel shouted a warning . 
 `` you are surrounded , surrender immediately . '' 
 `` wait do n't shoot . '' 
 a man 's voice shouted from the other side . 
 `` i 'm raden burhanuddin ali , son of raden hamza the minister of finance , her highness puteri paramita is with us and also the royal guards . '' 
 `` put your guns down , it 's my son , it 's him . '' 
 said raden hamza . 
 the group came out from behind the trees , with their hands in the air . 
 raden hamza saw his son , holding the princess in his arm helping her walk back to the clearing . 
 he walked out from behind the tree . 
 `` ali , are you alright ? 
 ananda puteri , are you hurt ? '' 
 he said while approaching them . 
 `` father , we are okay now . '' 
 ali replied , his face reflected relief . 
 `` mita is slightly injured , she sprained her ankle . '' 
 `` thank goodness , you both look tired and dirty , but i can see you are over all well . '' 
 `` yes we are ayahnda . '' 
 paramita answered . 
 `` your excellency raden hamza , '' the colonel interrupted them , `` i have radioed the rest of the men to reconvene here in this place . 
 i will talk to captain bagas of the royal guards in charge of protecting the princess and your son to understand the situation . 
 i suggest your excellency take your son and the princess back to the vehicle , i will have three of my men escort you back there , and accompany you back to the capital . '' 
 `` yes , yes , colonel . 
 you are right , we have to get back to the capital immediately . 
 ananda puteri is injured , it would be best if she can rest in a safe place and have a doctor check her condition . '' 
 `` colonel . '' 
 ali said , `` after everything that happened , i suspect , that this was an attempt on the princess 's life , please make sure you get to the bottom of this . '' 
 `` yes , your excellency . '' 
 he replied . 
 `` my son , let 's go back to the truck , there is something that you do n't know about , and i think this is the best time than ever to tell you about it . '' 
 `` yes , father . '' 
 ali replied . 
 `` come on , mita . 
 just a little bit more , and we can give that ankle of yours the rest that it deserves . '' 
 `` do n't exaggerate . '' 
 she told him . 
 raden hamza was unhappy seeing his son holding mita by her waist as she walked , and that she also had her arm around his neck . 
 but there was nothing he could do , she was injured , and needed help to walk , and the only appropriate person to do that was her fiancée . 
 though they were not married yet , but at least they were already engaged . 
 he decided to dismiss the inappropriate behavior because of her injury . 
 `` abang , is your father upset about something ? '' 
 she whispered to him `` why do you think that ? '' 
 he asked her back also in a low voice . 
 `` he was looking at us disapprovingly . '' 
 `` well , maybe it 's because we look like we 're hugging each other . '' 
 `` should it try to walk by myself ? 
 maybe if i can find a walking stick ... '' `` do n't be silly , just be quiet and do n't mind him . '' 
 `` easy for you to say ... '' she responded . 
 with the armed soldiers guarding them , they actually felt the walk to the trucks was easier and less tense . 
 they were helped to board the van , a guard handed them each a bottle of mineral water , which paramita drank down thankfully . 
 `` father , mita and i have n't eaten a decent meal since yesterday . '' 
 ali said . 
 `` your mother already thought of that , my son . 
 she made me bring this box of savory snacks to give you and ananda puteri . '' 
 `` thank you ayahnda . '' 
 paramita said with a big wide smile then began to dig through without saying anything else . 
 `` ali , there 's something i wanted to tell you about this marriage , and i think ananda puteri should know about it as well . '' 
 `` tell me father . '' 
 `` the truth is , that since the beginning , his majesty sultan had planned for you to marry ananda puteri . 
 i only knew about this a few weeks ago . 
 but hafiz was never considered to be his son-in-law . 
 the reason that he chose you was because of your political views . '' 
 raden hafiz paused , waiting for his son 's reaction . 
 ali and paramita looked at each other meaningfully . 
 `` father , mita had actually guessed this a long time ago , and we have spoken about it . '' 
 he said while receiving a snack that paramita had opened for him . 
 `` you have ? '' 
 raden hamza looked at paramita with surprise . 
 `` well , ayahnda , it took me a while , but it was quite obvious , if i put into account the overall political situation that jothar is facing , and the current condition of the royal family , it 's really not that hard to deduce , if i was in ayahnda sultan 's shoes , abang ali would be my obvious solution . '' 
 she said . 
 `` it did n't even cross my mind if the sultan did n't tell me himself a few days ago . 
 i mean ali 's mother is a foreigner . '' 
 raden hamza said almost to himself . 
 `` a foreigner daughter of a monarch . '' 
 she added . 
 `` i 've never thought of that . 
 ananda puteri , you are truly your father 's daughter , you can easily read his thoughts . '' 
 he looked at her with admiration . 
 `` so when did you know that you had to marry ali ? '' 
 `` from before i came here , i began investigating about jothar . 
 i suspected that i had to marry bang ali , at the time it seemed like the most plausible scenario to me , putting myself in my father 's shoes , of course . '' 
 `` very well , since you two already know that much . 
 i might as well tell you the other half of the situation . 
 we suspect that the current reformist movement is not purely a demand by the people . 
 but is driven by an intellectual actor . '' 
 `` why would you think that ? '' 
 ali asked . 
 `` the jothar investigation bureau has linked pangeran bashir to a series of activities of the reformist . '' 
 `` i doubt that my uncle pangeran bashir is a man that is willing to renounce his royalty status and benefits . '' 
 said paramita . 
 `` he must have other objectives than forming a parliament , '' ali said . 
 `` that 's not right . 
 to fight for democracy is the right of each citizen . 
 their noble cause should n't be taken advantaged by some bitter old man . '' 
 paramita said . 
 `` he 's not alone , someone is funding his movement , we do n't know why yet , and what their intentions are . '' 
 `` do you think it was my uncle who tried to kill us ? '' 
 paramita asked . 
 `` most likely . '' 
 ali said . 
 `` that 's understandable , i am standing in his way . 
 so to achieve his plan , he sent those men to kill us '' `` what men ? '' 
 raden hamza asked . 
 `` there were some armed men that we subdued that wanted to kill us in the forest , '' ali replied , `` i 'm sure captain bagas will interrogate him for information . '' 
 paramita was n't paying attention to what he said , she was still lost in her thoughts . 
 `` apparently my life here is n't going to be a piece of cake , '' paramita said almost to herself . 
 ali reached out and held her hand . 
 `` at least you wo n't have to face it alone . 
 i 'll be with you . '' 
 raden hamza smiled while looking at his son . 
 `` thank goodness . '' 
 he said under his breath . 
 * * * in the capital city wirakarta , a man sat at a large desk looking out the large window of his huge modern office . 
 in his right hand , he 's holding a phone handset , `` pangeran , your men failed to kill the girl and ali . '' 
 `` i assure you , that they know already . 
 soraya should have known better than to send her daughter here to die . 
 she 's nothing but a greedy and stupid bitch . 
 it was a bad idea to have trusted her to lure my brother years ago . 
 she betrayed me and left for overseas with a fortune , and now it 's her daughter who 's in our way . '' 
 `` if you want your revenge on soraya , just make sure they do their job right and kill them . '' 
 `` i know that ! '' 
 responded the voice from the other side of the line . 
 the man hung up the phone . 
 `` bang , do you think he will succeed ? '' 
 a younger man who was sitting on the seat in front of his desk asked . 
 `` i doubt it , pangeran bashir lost the throne to the sultan twenty-five years ago . 
 he lost it in a battle of wits , and along with that , he lost his girlfriend . 
 we need to put in motion our own plan ! '' 
 he answered . 
 `` bang , our spies reported that the princess is not some ordinary girl , she was able to take part in subduing the men that we sent . 
 apparently she knows martial arts . '' 
 `` hmm ... send word to our agent in the east wing , they should find the best moment to give her the drug . '' 
 `` are we going to poison her ? '' 
 the young man asked . 
 the older man smiled , `` there are two potential results from the drug , one , she 'll vomit blood and die , or she would go into a rage and kill ali , or with luck the sultan himself , either way , we 'll benefit from the outcome . '' 
 chapter eighteen when they arrived at the east wing pavilion , a stretcher was ready at the drive way to bring paramita to her room . 
 the palace physician was ready to treat her ankle . 
 `` your ankle is red and a swollen , it seems that you have torn some ligaments . 
 it 's a good thing that it was wrapped like this , this is actually the best first aid treatment that can be done for this type of injury . 
 wrapping a sprain ankle will limit movements and prevent it from getting worse . 
 i 'm not going to apply a cast , but it has to be secured with bandages to prevent movement , you can do it yourself . '' 
 said the doctor . 
 `` how long would i need to have it on ? '' 
 paramita asked . 
 `` not more than two weeks , i will give you some mild pain killers just in case . '' 
 she answered . 
 `` thank you doctor . '' 
 `` puteri , i think you should clean up first . 
 i have prepared your bath . '' 
 mak noor said to her . 
 `` mak , where is raden ali ? '' 
 `` he left already with his father . '' 
 `` okay , can you please help me to the bathroom , mak ? '' 
 `` of course , my child . '' 
 mak noor replied . 
 `` oh , i forgot to tell you that your mother will be arriving in three weeks . '' 
 `` oh ? 
 to attend the wedding ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` would n't she be a little early ? '' 
 `` maybe she wants to help out with the preparations . '' 
 `` are we talking about the same person ? '' 
 `` do n't be like that , child . 
 god will punish you ! '' 
 she reproached paramita . 
 she helped paramita take off her clothes and enter the bath tub . 
 the bubbly warm water touching her skin felt nice and soothing . 
 she closed her eyes and leaned against the tub . 
 `` puteri , there 's a phone call for you . '' 
 mak noor entered while bringing the cordless handset . 
 `` it 's from your fiancée . '' 
 she whispered . 
 she quickly took the handset from mak noor , `` hello ... '' she answered . 
 `` mita ? 
 what did the doctor say ? '' 
 ali asked directly without making small talk . 
 `` abang , she said that it was a minor sprain no torn ligaments or anything serious . 
 she did complement the wrap that you put on , she said that it was the best first aid treatment that can be applied in that situation , of course i did n't tell her that you put it on just today and i sprained my ankle yesterday afternoon . '' 
 `` goodness , you 're a hard one to please , are n't you ? '' 
 `` oh yes . 
 do n't doubt that . '' 
 `` so have you eaten ? '' 
 he asked `` not yet , i 'm still taking a nice warm bubble bath . '' 
 she replied while blowing the bubbles in her other hand . 
 `` you 're soaking in the bathtub ? '' 
 he asked in a high pitched voice . 
 `` yes i am , so what about you ? 
 have you eaten ? '' 
 he did n't answer , `` hello ... are you there ? 
 hello ? 
 abang ? 
 is there something wrong with the phone ? 
 gosh , did this idiot hang up on me ? '' 
 she said talking to herself . 
 `` i heard that ! '' 
 the voice answered from the other side . 
 `` you should learn to respect your elders ! '' 
 `` umm ... , i was referring to the phone . '' 
 `` yeah , right ! '' 
 he paused for a minute and then continued , `` i was just thinking about you in the bathtub . '' 
 `` what were you thinking about ? '' 
 `` i 'll tell you later , not now . '' 
 `` that has to be , one of your favorite answers . '' 
 she replied . 
 `` but you have n't told me about you , how are you doing ? '' 
 `` i 'm fine , i 've showered , but i have n't eaten yet . 
 my mother is still in the kitchen cooking . 
 she was so happy to see me . 
 she hugged me and cried , she said she could n't sleep last night because she was worried about me . '' 
 `` that 's nice , you know i 'm very envious of you , nobody was worried sick about me , well maybe only my mak . 
 i mean look at you , your father came down with the soldiers to look for you , and your mother lost sleep over you . 
 but nobody came here to find me or to ask me how i am doing . '' 
 she said in a sad voice . 
 `` what do you mean , nobody was worried about you ? 
 i 'm calling you right now . 
 since we separated i could n't stop worrying about you . 
 if they would have let me in to your room , i would have been there while the doctor was checking you . '' 
 `` and i thank you , you 're definitely the best thing that ever happened to me . '' 
 `` did n't you say it yourself ? 
 we 're partners in peril . 
 we have to stick together . '' 
 `` that 's right . '' 
 `` i 've got to go now , they 're calling me to eat . 
 you get some rest . 
 we 'll talk again later . '' 
 paramita pressed the end call button and threw the handset on a thick rug that was on the floor of the bathroom . 
 she clasped her face with both hands , folded her knees and cried . 
 `` i think i love him . '' 
 she said softly to herself . 
 `` why do i keep doing this to myself ? 
 why am i always falling in love with someone who would never look my way ? '' 
 a feeling of loneliness overcame her as she broke down in an uncontrollable sob . 
 * * * ali put down the handset gently . 
 he had a wide smile on his face . 
 one month , it could be so little time , but it could also feel like an eternity . 
 and for him , right now , one month seems like forever . 
 he took a deep breath and sighed . 
 feeling embarrassed at himself for acting like a love stricken teenage boy . 
 he could n't understand how paramita was able to incite addiction in him . 
 addiction to her voice , to her laughter , to the silly jokes they make at each other , every time he would hear her call him `` abang '' he would go crazy with happiness . 
 even though more than a handful of people call him that , but it feels different when it comes from her . 
 `` raden ... raden ... '' there was a knock at the door . 
 `` everybody is waiting for you at the table . '' 
 he stood up and opened the door . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 he answered shortly . 
 he walked down the stairs and entered the dining room , raden hamza , his wife , and hafiz were already sitting at the massive dining table . 
 `` i was worried that you were too tired to eat . '' 
 raden nabilla said , `` i made all your favorite dishes , here , do n't disappoint me , eat up ! '' 
 `` have you called ananda puteri ? '' 
 his father asked . 
 `` yes i have , the palace doctor already took a look at her sprain ankle . 
 it was nothing serious . '' 
 he answered . 
 `` is it on her left leg ? '' 
 hafiz asked , then continued without waiting for an answer . 
 `` it must be her bad leg , or so she calls it . 
 she sprained it pretty bad in our first semester of college , playing football . 
 she always played the forward . 
 mita , was quite a tomboy , she had strength that can match a man 's . '' 
 `` kakakanda -lsb- 12 -rsb- puteri . '' 
 ali stressed , `` is still a tomboy , and still has strength that can match a man 's . 
 even enough strength to break a nose or two . 
 that is part of her charm . '' 
 `` so i read in the newspaper that your girlfriend was singing in the same event you attended , that must be awkward for you , having your girlfriend and fiancée in the same place , at the same time . '' 
 hafiz said intentionally ignoring ali 's word . 
 `` hafiz , please respect you brother ! '' 
 raden nabilla warned him . 
 `` mita has become very beautiful now , well she has always been beautiful , but now , she 's well groomed , and mature . 
 she 's come a long way from the girl who had a big crush on me in college , and was always coming up with excuses to be close to me ... '' `` that 's enough , hafiz . '' 
 raden hamza yelled . 
 `` i forbid you to call ananda puteri so casually by her name , she will be your sister in law , your brother 's wife ! 
 you should respect her for her position . 
 i do n't care what relationship you had in the past with her , a gentleman never disrespects a woman . '' 
 `` father , i 'm not disrespecting her in any way , i 'm just telling my fond memories of her . '' 
 hafiz argued . 
 `` hafiz , my fiancée is a proper and respectable woman . 
 please treat her as such . 
 if anybody heard what you said just now , they would misunderstand and judge her negatively . '' 
 ali said calmly . 
 `` and one more thing . 
 you and her might be friends in the past , but if you dare to treat her any differently than how you should treat your brother 's wife . 
 you will regret it . 
 i swear ! '' 
 with this , ali wiped his mouth with the napkin and stood up , `` mother , the diner was very delicious , and i 'm very thankful for your effort , but i 've lost my appetite . 
 father and mother , please excuse me , i 'd like to go back to my room now . '' 
 he did n't wait for them to answer and just left . 
 `` how can you say those things ? 
 how can you act that way ? 
 what 's gotten into you ? '' 
 raden nabilla reprimanded him . 
 `` nothing happened to me . 
 i just realized that i 'm about to lose the only woman who had truly loved me , and that i never realized how i felt for her till now . 
 also , abang has a girlfriend . 
 how can he make her happy if he does n't love her , and is only marrying her because he was told to ? '' 
 he reasoned . 
 `` who says your brother does n't love ananda puteri ? '' 
 raden hamza asked . 
 `` who says he does ? '' 
 hafiz refuted . 
 `` he never did . 
 and he just knew her for a few weeks . 
 not like me who 's known her for years . '' 
 `` hafiz , please ... , i 'm too old for this ! 
 leave your brother 's fiancée alone ... . . ! '' 
 raden hamza said putting his hand on his chest . 
 `` hafiz , just go to your room . 
 every time you open your mouth you cause your father 's heart to act up . '' 
 raden nabilla said . 
 `` well i 'm sorry i 'm not the perfect son like my brother . '' 
 he said while leaving . 
 raden hamza and raden nabilla looked at each other . 
 he put his arm around her shoulder as she leaned her head against his . 
 she cried as he caressed her back . 
 `` be patient . 
 let 's hope that god will open his mind soon . '' 
 he whispered . 
 * * * paramita woke up feeling energetic , she stretched her body and got out of bed , she was happy her ankle had totally recovered . 
 she did n't feel any pain when moving it , and the swelling had gone away . 
 she was happy that today she could finally go jogging around the palace grounds . 
 maybe even catch a glimpse of ali . 
 she shook her head trying to get rid of the idea . 
 she walked to the bathroom to shower before making her morning prayers . 
 `` good morning my little puteri , how did you sleep last night ? '' 
 mak noor entered her bedroom with coffee . 
 `` good morning , mak . 
 i slept so well , i did n't even want to wake up this morning . '' 
 she responded cheerfully , `` eh , mak . 
 i think i am ready to go jogging today , i have n't exercised in a long time , my body is getting weak , and my muscles are softening . '' 
 she said while bending her arm up to show her biceps . 
 `` puteri , why would a woman need muscles for ? 
 it 's very unfeminine . 
 that will scare men away . '' 
 `` mak , do you think if i was born pretty , petite , thin and feminine , i would be more attractive to men ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` puteri , now is not appropriate for you to think about something like that . 
 you 're already engaged and you 're getting married soon . '' 
 `` i know , i was just thinking ... '' she frowned remembering the pretty and petite dewi . 
 there was a knock on the door , `` puteri , your mother is has arrived , she 's here to see you . '' 
 `` my mother ? '' 
 she and mak noor looked at each other . 
 `` but is n't she supposed to arrive this weekend ? 
 why is she already here ? '' 
 `` ran , can you please show your highness puteri 's mother up here . '' 
 mak noor said to the palace staff . 
 `` yes , mam . '' 
 `` puteri , come on hurry up and get dressed , i want your mother to see how beautiful you are . '' 
 `` alright , i 'm coming . '' 
 paramita had barely put her clothes on when soraya appeared at the door , she had her handbag in one hand and a thick roll of newspaper in the other . 
 `` so you are too high and noble to greet your mother now ? '' 
 `` mama , how are you ? 
 of course i wanted to greet you down stairs , but it 's just that i have n't finished getting dressed . '' 
 `` how have you been doing ? '' 
 soraya asked . 
 `` i 'm fine , mama . '' 
 `` noor , can you please leave us , i need to talk to my daughter . '' 
 soraya said in a serious tone . 
 mak noor hesitated for a while , she knew quite well that when soraya speaks that way , it means that she was going to scold her daughter . 
 on top of that she could smell the alcohol from her mistress ' body . 
 she walked out of the room , closed the door a little bit , and stood there , listening in to the conversation . 
 `` mita , tell me how have you been doing ? '' 
 she asked , putting her purse on the bed . 
 `` i 'm doing well mama . '' 
 she answered nervously . 
 `` from what i hear , you have been getting along well with your fiancée ? '' 
 she asked her daughter sharply . 
 `` well , abang is a nice person and he treats me will . '' 
 paramita answered . 
 `` is that why you went and spent the night with him , even though you 're not legally married yet ? '' 
 she said while throwing the roll of newspapers that she was holding to the bed . 
 `` but mama , i did n't spend the night with him , i do n't know what you 're saying ... '' paramita answered , quickly scanning through them . 
 there were pictures of her and ali on the front page , the headlines reported that they had spent the night together in the forest . 
 it did n't mention about the attempts on their lives . 
 `` you liar ! 
 is this how i educated you ? 
 you were here just for a few months and you 're already doing things to embarrass me . '' 
 `` mama , i swear i did n't go to spend the night with him . 
 what happened was i had an accident , and he helped me ... and ... `` paramita was too nervous to speak . 
 suddenly she felt a sting on her cheek from a slap by soraya . 
 `` so you did spend the night with him , and you said told me that you did n't . '' 
 she said while grabbing a handful of her daughter 's hair . 
 `` how is he going to appreciate you after you are married , if you do n't know how to protect your dignity ? 
 do n't you know how men are ? 
 have n't i taught you enough ? 
 if a man had a woman before marriage , he will easily get tired of her , and find another woman . '' 
 `` nothing happened between us , mama . '' 
 paramita said , `` it 's not like that between us . 
 besides , he already loves somebody else , he ... '' `` he already loves somebody else ? 
 what is wrong with you ? '' 
 she shook paramita harshly , `` stupid girl ... stupid ... stupid . '' 
 soraya picked up the coffee cup and threw it at her daughter . 
 the coffee cup hit paramita on the forehead , she stood up while holding her forehead , `` mother , calm down , listen to me first , let me explain ... '' soraya was beginning to become hysterical , she picked up paramita 's belt that was lying on the bed , and began to whip her daughter with it . 
 paramita curled to the ground , holding her hand up in a defensive position . 
 `` mama . 
 please stop , please stop , you 're hurting me ... '' `` madam ... madam ... stop it , please , you 're hurting my puteri . 
 stop it . '' 
 mak noor came running into the room , and tried to hold soraya back . 
 `` move ! 
 she 's my puteri -lsb- 2 -rsb- , my daughter . 
 it 's my responsibility to educate her . 
 look what happened when i entrusted you to take care of her for a few months , look , what she 's done . '' 
 `` madam , puteri did n't do anything wrong , it was an accident , she was injured , you should be grateful that she is safe and well . '' 
 `` you know , it 's still not too late , you 're lucky that your mama is smart , i have a medicine here that can prevent you from becoming pregnant ! '' 
 she said ignoring mak noor and taking a bottle from her purse . 
 `` mama ... no ... how can i be pregnant , i 've done nothing , i do n't want to ... '' `` drink it you stupid girl , if you become pregnant before your wedding , your child will be a bastard , and it will be against the law for the father to recognize it , and you 'll be so sad that you 'll get a miscarriage , and it 's going to hurt you , it 's going to make you bleed for days , making you feel like you 're going to die . '' 
 `` mama , what are you saying ? '' 
 `` drink it ! '' 
 she yelled . 
 soraya grabbed her daughter 's jaw and poured the content of the bottle in her daughter 's mouth , she grabbed the glass of orange juice that was on the table and forced her to drink it . 
 paramita coughed and spat out as much of the bitter tasting liquid as she can . 
 this only angered soraya more , she pulled paramita by the hair and banged her head on the side of the bed . 
 `` all your life i taught you to be a good woman , and now , you throw mud into my face by acting like a loose woman ! '' 
 paramita felt something hot trickling down her face . 
 mak noor looked in shock as she saw blood flowing from the wound on her head . 
 paramita stood up abruptly , she grabbed soraya , lifted her up in the air like she weighed nothing , and threw her on to the bed . 
 mak noor screamed `` puteri ... puteri ... god ... help us ... '' `` how dare you hurt your mother ? 
 you sinner , you 'll burn in hell ! 
 your life will be damn ! 
 i 'm the person who gave you your life , i put my life in danger to give birth to you . 
 how dare you do this to me ! 
 i curse you ! 
 i curse you ! '' 
 soraya screamed . 
 paramita , turned around and ran out of the room , her vision became blurry because of the blood and tears covering her eyes . 
 she ran barefooted , only dressed in a skirt and bra . 
 but she did n't care , she was becoming detached . 
 she ran and she ran , out of the residence , into the garden , she just kept running without knowing where to go , her mind was blank , and all she could see was darkness . 
 -lsb- 12 -rsb- puteri also means daughter chapter nineteen ali was in the sultan 's office attending the monthly progress report meeting delivered by the ministry of agriculture . 
 the sultan had ordered him to attend and be an observer at every meeting , to be familiar with the government officials , their responsibilities and matters that they are handling . 
 there was a knock on the door , and an attendant entered . 
 `` your majesty , pardon me for interrupting . 
 there was a call from her highness puteri paramita 's residence , there seem to be a problem there . 
 the staff reported that her highness puteri ran out of the residence undressed and bleeding from the head . '' 
 ali turned pale imagining the worst , he stood up in reflex , `` how could something like that happen ? 
 where were the guards ? '' 
 `` pardon me your excellency , according to the staff , she had a fight with her biological mother , madam soraya . '' 
 ali became confused , `` what ? '' 
 `` ananda raden ali , please go and see what happened with ananda puteri , '' the sultan ordered him , he paused for a minute continued , `` i am trusting my daughter to you , please take care of her . 
 do whatever you need to do , but please make sure she 's alright . '' 
 `` i understand , your majesty . '' 
 he replied . 
 `` ananda ... '' he said approaching closer to ali , `` make sure you treat the matter with caution , do n't let a word of this spread out . '' 
 `` i , your majesty '' he replied . 
 ali hurriedly left the office and ran towards the east wing residence . 
 the chief of staff was in the front garden with a radio . 
 `` what happened here ? '' 
 ali asked . 
 `` your excellency , we do n't dare to go and search for her highness puteri , we think that she is possessed . 
 we know that she has n't left the grounds and that she 's somewhere in the garden . '' 
 `` what a stupid thing to say , i heard that she was injured , are you going to wait until she bleeds to death ? '' 
 `` your excellency , when her highness ran out of the building , she was , umm ... sorry , not properly dressed . 
 she was growling like a wild beast , the main door was closed , and she broke it with a kick , you can go and see it for yourself . 
 it was like she was possessed by a tiger demon . 
 no normal woman can have that kind of strength . '' 
 `` puteri practices martial arts , she does n't need to be possessed by demons to break your bones with her bare hands . '' 
 he said out of spite . 
 `` tell everybody to stand back . 
 i will search for her myself , give me a radio ! 
 if anybody sees her , make sure to inform me ! '' 
 he ordered . 
 `` yes your excellency . '' 
 the chief of staff nodded . 
 ali looked at the ground and saw a trail of blood , he followed it carefully feeling anguished and worried . 
 the distance of the splatter shows that she was running as fast as she can . 
 he quickly followed it , he began to build pace and started running . 
 the blood trail lead him to some trees and shrubs that grew tightly together , he saw the blood stains leading into the bush . 
 he followed it carefully . 
 the surrounding area was a mess , plants and small trees pulled out by the roots thrown around , the soil had been dug at by bare fingers , and large river stones that were placed there for decoration were thrown in different directions . 
 ali was surprised to see her condition , she was curled up against a tree and her hair was stained with blood and dirt . 
 her hands were bleeding and covered in mud . 
 he could see several belt marks on her arm and back , welted , red and bruised . 
 she was almost naked , her skirt was ripped and torn in many places . 
 she was hiding her face between her arms , she did n't even notice that he was standing there . 
 he gently reached out and touched her shoulder . 
 `` no ... please forgive me mama ... please forgive me ... please forgive me ... forgive me ... mama . '' 
 her bloodshot eyes staring at him with dilated pupils like that of a wild animal . 
 suddenly she jumped up and punched him . 
 ali was caught off guard , he was hit on the jaw line causing him to fall backward . 
 he was surprised at the extent of her strength , he shook his head to get rid of the pounding feeling caused by the impact of her fist . 
 she launched at him again , he quickly rolled his body sideways to escape her attack . 
 ali rapidly jumped up and opened his legs putting stance anticipating her next attack . 
 she twirled her body in a chain kick for his head , he barely managed to deflect the attack . 
 paramita started to growl and sneer seeing her assaults were not hitting the target , she moved forward with a series of punches alternating between his face , chest , and stomach . 
 ali felt frustrated , he did n't want to attack back , but she was not giving him an option . 
 suddenly he saw his chance , he grabbed her wrist and twisted it behind her back . 
 she struggled to free herself , making brisk harsh movements . 
 ali felt a sharp blow to his stomach as her other elbow landed on it . 
 instinctively he let go of her wrist , she jumped forward freeing herself . 
 he did n't know when she had moved forward , suddenly she was in front of him , he felt her hand clasping his neck , he tried to pry off her fingers , but she clenched tighter . 
 he was gasping for air as he felt her strangling his consciousness away , he grabbed her wrist and tried to pull her hand off with no luck . 
 he had no other choice but to slap her across the face . 
 she did n't flinch , it was as if his slap did n't affect her one bit . 
 instead , she pushed forward , throwing his body backward . 
 he felt a hard smash on his back as he landed against a tree , dropping to the ground like a piece of cloth . 
 his whole body was hurting , and his head was spinning profusely . 
 he lifted his arm in a block anticipating another blow from her , when suddenly she stopped moving , and dropped to the ground curling up again , and hid her head between her arms . 
 he quickly moved forward and pulled her into his arms and whispered , `` mita , it 's okay ... . 
 it 's okay now . 
 i wo n't let her hurt you anymore . 
 i wo n't allow anyone to hurt you anymore , i promise . '' 
 he said while holding her tightly , his tears were rolling down his cheeks . 
 she did n't say anything , she curled up tighter and cried covering her head with her arms . 
 suddenly he felt her becoming limp and almost fell sideways to the ground . 
 `` mita , mita ... are you alright , mita , can you hear me ? '' 
 he took off his jacket to cover her body , and lifted her up . 
 he carried her out of the bushes , and quickly made his way across the lawn . 
 the staff was standing at the front of the residence . 
 ali was about to enter the building , when he decided that it would n't be such a good idea . 
 `` get me a car . '' 
 he ordered them . 
 `` over here , your excellency . '' 
 the chief of staff opened the door to a car . 
 another man ran towards the driver 's side , opened the door and went in . 
 `` where to your excellency ? '' 
 `` my residence . '' 
 he answered . 
 `` chief , please call the doctor and have her meet me there . '' 
 `` yes sir . '' 
 he replied . 
 as the car drove out of the sultan 's palace , ali held paramita in the back seat , she was breathing calmly as if she were sleeping . 
 the wound on her forehead had stopped bleeding , he removed the strands of hair from her face . 
 he bit his bottom lip to ease the pain from seeing her like this , she barely recovered from the injury that happened before in the forest , and now she 's hurt again , in her own home , by her own mother . 
 the car pulled up in front of the gate of his residence . 
 a staff ran quickly to open the gate , peering through the windshield to see who had arrived . 
 ali waved from the back seat , when the staff saw him , he opened the rest of the gate to let the car in . 
 the car drove into the driveway and stopped at the main door . 
 the driver got down and opened the door for ali . 
 he stepped down from the car carrying paramita . 
 a maid opened the front door , she gasped in surprise seeing him carry a dirty unconscious woman in his arms . 
 ali quickly entered , `` is my mother home ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` yes she is raden . '' 
 `` please ask her to quickly come up to my room , and get me a big bowl of warm water and a towel . 
 a doctor will be coming soon , make sure you bring her to my room too . '' 
 he ran up the stairs , gently kicking open the door to his room , he laid paramita gently on the bed . 
 raden nabilla showed up at the door , `` what 's going on ? 
 who is this woman ? '' 
 she asked . 
 he turned his head to face her , `` mother , please help me clean her up . 
 the doctor is coming , she has an opened wound in the head . 
 raden nabilla came closer . 
 `` but this is ananda puteri , '' she cried , `` what happened to her ? 
 how did she end up like this ? '' 
 `` mother . '' 
 he said while taking her hand , `` thank you very much for all the love you gave me , for all your kindness , for educating me , and for taking care of me . '' 
 he kissed her hand . 
 `` but you 're my son , of course , i love you , and i will always love you and take care of you . '' 
 `` i love you mother ! '' 
 he said while crying . 
 `` ali , what happened ? 
 who did this to ananda puteri ? '' 
 `` we do n't know yet , the only thing , i heard , was that she had a fight with madam soraya , she ran out of her residence bleeding , and euphoric . '' 
 `` oh , my poor child . '' 
 she said softly . 
 she sat on the bed . 
 the maid entered the room with the bowl of water and a small towel . 
 `` help me take off her clothes , so i can clean her properly . '' 
 she said to the maid , looking at ali she said . 
 `` why are you standing there ? 
 wait outside ! '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 he heard noises downstairs and went to take a look . 
 captain bagas was with a man dressed in a lab coat . 
 he saw ali , and quickly approached he was breathing heavily in anxiety . 
 `` your excellency , this is major doctor johan , he is the physician for the royal guards . '' 
 `` your excellency , i need to see the princess immediately , the guards on duty told me about her condition , and what she did . 
 i 've seen those symptoms before . 
 i suspect that her highness puteri has been exposed to a high dosage of military test drugs . '' 
 said the doctor . 
 ali carefully studied his credentials , `` she 's upstairs in my room . 
 my mother is cleaning her up and dressing her . '' 
 `` we have to hurry . 
 my colleague doctor mariani is treating madam soraya now , we think that she was under the influence too , but not at the same high level of dosage as her highness puteri . '' 
 he explained . 
 `` how can this happen ? '' 
 ali said , he knocked gently at the door before opening it . 
 `` mother the doctor is here , he needs to see mita immediately . '' 
 `` yes , tell him to come in . '' 
 raden nabilla responded from inside the room . 
 the doctor entered accompanied by ali . 
 `` she 's burning up , we would need to put a cold compress on her to stabilize her body temperature . '' 
 `` i 'll go and get some ice , '' raden nabilla said . 
 `` not ice , water at room temperature that would be better . '' 
 the doctor explained . 
 `` i 'm going to put her on a drip with an antipsychotic medicine to control any further episodes . 
 also , i 'm going to take a blood sample to find what exactly was the drug that she consumed . 
 right now the only thing , we can do , is give supportive care , you need to monitor her breathing and her body temperature . 
 if there are any abnormalities or if she has another psychotic rampage , you need to call me immediately . 
 i will leave you my cell phone number . '' 
 * * * `` the injury to her head did n't affect her skull , but it is a deep flesh wound . 
 i will have to stitch it so it does n't leave a horrible scar on your beautiful bride . '' 
 `` doctor , i know that you 'll need the blood test results to accurately identify the drug , but do you have any suspicions about what it could be ? '' 
 ali asked . 
 doctor johan sighed . 
 `` i 'm not completely sure , but one thing i 'm certain of , is that one component contained in it is pcp . '' 
 `` pcp ? '' 
 ali was surprised . 
 `` a few years ago jothar 's military did drug experiments on soldiers to enhance strength , stamina , reflexes and durability . 
 i 've seen many soldiers show the same symptoms as her highness puteri . 
 but the side effects were devastating . 
 the experiments were finally banned by the sultan , but it does n't mean that private laboratories did n't continue with it . '' 
 `` doctor , will there be any permanent effects of the drug on my fiancée ? '' 
 ali asked worriedly . 
 `` not likely , she was exposed to a high dose , but not overdosed , and it was a one-time administration as opposed to a prolonged one . '' 
 he paused , `` i will prescribe some pain killers , i 'm sure she will be in pain when she comes to . 
 one reason , that pcp is perceived to increase strength , is because it is a strong analgesic , suppressing the user from feeling any pain when reaching their strength limit enabling them to continue using force . '' 
 the doctor finished stitching her forehead and dressed it with a bandage . 
 `` you will need to clean the wound every day and change the bandage , look out for signs of infections like redness or swelling . '' 
 he looked at ali closely for a few minutes and continued . 
 `` it will be a good idea to put some ice on your jaw and neck , i will also prescribe an anti-inflammatory for you . '' 
 he sat down and wrote the prescriptions . 
 when he finished he handed it to ali . 
 `` you should send somebody to buy these as soon as possible . '' 
 he said . 
 `` one more thing , she might have another psychotic episode , i recommend avoiding giving her any more medication for this and try to calm her and subdue her , it would usually pass after five minutes or so . 
 here is my cell phone number , if anything gets beyond control , make sure you call me as soon as possible . '' 
 `` doctor , we thank you very much , '' raden nabilla said to him . 
 `` thank you , doctor , please let me know the result of the blood test once you have it . '' 
 ali shook his hand . 
 `` i will , your excellency . 
 please excuse me . '' 
 he replied . 
 `` maya will show you out . '' 
 said raden nabilla . 
 raden nabilla turned to her son and took a deep breath , `` i will tell the maids to prepare the guest room for you . '' 
 she said . 
 `` that wo n't be necessary mother . 
 i will be personally taking care of her until she recovers . '' 
 he replied . 
 `` but that would be indecent . 
 i know that she 's sick , but this is not a hospital , this is your room . 
 what would people think ? '' 
 she reasoned . 
 `` maybe it would be better if i stayed here instead . '' 
 `` that wo n't be a good idea , mother . 
 trust me , the doctor said that she might have another psychotic episode , and somebody has to subdue her . 
 look what she did to me . '' 
 he said while pointing to his face and neck . 
 `` ummm ... , you 're right . 
 i want to live long enough to get to know my grandchildren . '' 
 she said rubbing the goose bumps on her arms . 
 `` mother , do n't worry . 
 do n't you trust me ? 
 you taught me well . 
 you and father made me a decent man . 
 i wo n't disappoint you . '' 
 raden nabilla smiled , she caressed his head . 
 `` i know you wo n't . 
 do n't mind this nagging old woman who 's worried about everything . '' 
 * * * raden hamza sat on the couch in his son 's room . 
 his eyes looking with concern at the young woman lying unconscious on the bed . 
 `` it was a good idea for you to bring her here . 
 at least she would be safe . '' 
 he said . 
 `` colonel anton thinks that this has something to do with the attempt against her life last week . '' 
 `` what did they find out about the incident ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` the ngo was cleared , the royal guards confirmed that they were n't involved in anything , neither was the village chief , he was clean . 
 surprisingly the girl was actually a part of the group , she is the daughter of the group leader . 
 she was ordered to take ananda puteri near the cliff . 
 the orangutan was actually provoked and agitated before she got there , they had planned for the fall to kill her since the bottom of the cliff was rocky . 
 they never expected her to get away with only a sprained ankle . 
 since that did n't work , they attacked directly , but you know how that went . '' 
 `` why did they try to kill her ? '' 
 `` they were paid to . 
 they said that a man came from the capital , they do n't know him but could identify him if they see him , and he gave them a photo of you and ananda puteri . 
 can you believe they offered five hundred us dollars if they succeeded . '' 
 `` that 's a lot of money for those villagers , '' ali concluded . 
 `` this is strange father . 
 very strange . '' 
 `` you know we initially suspected pangeran bashir to be the mastermind . 
 but this does n't fit his behavioral pattern , he 's the type of person to use arms and confrontation , why drug her like this ? '' 
 `` father did they find out how mita ingested the drug ? '' 
 `` not yet , they are still questioning the witnesses . 
 but it has something to do with her mother because apparently she was drugged too . '' 
 `` it 's incredible how they dared to try to kill her in her own residence , inside the palace and heavily guarded too . '' 
 `` i 'm going to rest now . 
 i will update your majesty sultan tomorrow . 
 you should get some rest too . 
 your majesty sultan wants ananda puteri to stay here until she recovers . 
 but you know what people might say about it . 
 as the ruler of the country and its religious leader , he needs to make sure that his family upholds the proper moral conducts . 
 so he wants to do your marriage as soon as ananda puteri is strong enough to speak . 
 but this is strictly confidential , for your safety and hers , we are not to mention it to anyone until the process is completed and formally announced . 
 the wedding reception will be held as plan any changes will prompt suspicions from our opponents . '' 
 ali 's heart thumped at this news . 
 `` i do n't think that 's a good idea , father . 
 do n't you think that would be adding another burden on top of what mita is facing now ? '' 
 he answered . 
 `` what can i say if your majesty sultan has set his mind on it ? 
 you know how he is , not even a tornado can lift an idea when it 's in his mind . '' 
 `` bang , the plan was carried out . 
 according to our spies in the palace , the target did drink the drug and was affected , her reaction to it was actually better than our test subjects . 
 it did n't kill her right away , but it did manage to increase her strength . 
 she attacked raden ali as expected , but he managed to subdue her . 
 she was taken away by him , so we do n't know yet if she 's dead or not . '' 
 `` okay , keep me informed with any updates ! '' 
 `` okay , bang . '' 
 the younger man left the office . 
 the man sitting at the desk murmured . 
 `` interesting ... ... '' chapter twenty ali wiped her face and arms gently , her temperature had gone down now . 
 her breathing was calm and in a constant rhythm . 
 he could n't believe this beautiful and tranquil woman sleeping in front of him was the same person as the one that grabbed his neck and threw him against a tree a few hours ago . 
 he felt tired , his neck was still hurting from her strong grasp earlier . 
 he dragged a chair and put it near the side of the bed where she was lying . 
 he sat comfortably , stretching his legs out , and leaning his back and head on the soft cushion and closed his eyes . 
 he did n't know when he fell asleep or for how long , just that he needed more . 
 but the sound of crying woke him up . 
 he opened his eyes and turned his head to check on paramita , she was rolling around on the bed , the iv had been pulled off her arm . 
 he got up and walked to her side . 
 `` mita , what 's wrong ? '' 
 he asked her , while gently touching her shoulder , `` are you hurting ? '' 
 she stopped , pivoted and looked straight into his face , `` help me . 
 help me , my clothes are on fire . '' 
 she said . 
 ali quickly held her down , `` no ... no ... you 're not on fire , calm down , you 're fine . '' 
 `` it 's hot . 
 it 's hot . '' 
 she pushed him and jumped out of the bed , standing on the floor she started taking off her clothes . 
 `` i do n't want to die , turn it off , turn it off , help me ... '' ali was in a state of panic , `` no , stop ! 
 do n't do that . '' 
 he felt like crying , confused not knowing what to do . 
 `` do n't take your clothes off , please , anything but that . 
 why do n't you beat me up or strangle me instead . '' 
 he said . 
 he grabbed the blanket on the bed and tried to get close enough to her to cover her now naked body , he had his eyes closed to avoid seeing her . 
 she turned and started running to the corner of the room . 
 `` do n't come near me , help , there 's a gorilla over here , help a gorilla is loose in the city , police , police , somebody call the london zoo . '' 
 she screamed . 
 seeing him stumbling , feeling his way with his hands to get close to her , she ran past him towards the door . 
 ali realized that he had to prevent her from leaving the room . 
 he jumped and threw himself against the door , there was a loud bang as his body hit it . 
 `` i 'm burning ... i 'm burning ... help me ... turn it off ... water ... water ... get me water '' she screamed while running in circles all over the room . 
 there was a loud knock on the door . 
 `` ali , what happened ? 
 is everything alright ? '' 
 raden hamza 's voice was on the other side sounding concerned . 
 `` abang , are you okay ? '' 
 hafiz added . 
 `` do n't come in ... '' ali yelled . 
 `` i need mother , please ask mother and maya to come and help me . 
 i do n't want any man entering this room ! '' 
 raden nabilla entered with maya , she was in shock to see paramita 's condition , `` what 's going on here ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` mother , she 's hallucinating , she thinks that she 's on fire . '' 
 `` why is she naked ? '' 
 `` she took off her clothes herself , mother . 
 i did n't do anything , i swear ! 
 she thinks that her clothes are on fire ! '' 
 `` take them off , take off my clothes , they 're on fire ! '' 
 she said while clawing at her skin . 
 `` we have to stop her before she hurts herself , '' ali said . 
 `` maya , you approach her from the right . 
 mother , from the left , make sure she runs this way , so i can put this blanket on her . '' 
 he said . 
 they did as he instructed . 
 seeing the women approaching her from both sides , paramita stopped trying to take off her imaginary clothes . 
 `` bats ... bats ... i 'm surrounded by bats ... help me ... '' she screamed running forward . 
 ali was ready with the opened blanket held up in front of his face . 
 he caught her and quickly wrapped completely in it , only sparing her head . 
 he held her tightly using all his strength to stop her attempts to free herself . 
 she wriggled , shrugged and pushed . 
 he was determined to hold her down , but he was losing his grip . 
 to prevent her from escaping , he wrestled her to the floor and pinned her down with his body . 
 `` careful do n't hurt her , '' raden nabilla warned . 
 ali wrapped his arms and legs around her on the floor until he felt that she stopped moving and her body was limp again . 
 he carefully observed her face . 
 her eyes were closed , and she was breathing normally again . 
 he carefully let go of his hold , stood up and carried her to the bed . 
 he was sweating heavily . 
 `` is she sleeping ? '' 
 raden nabilla asked . 
 `` yes she is . '' 
 he answered . 
 suddenly raden nabilla burst into a giggle . 
 `` i 'm sorry , i do n't mean to laugh at ananda puteri 's unfortunate situation . 
 but in my time , if you dared call your mother in law a bat , you 'd be in big trouble . '' 
 she said while sitting on the bed and feeling paramita 's head with gentleness . 
 the others laughed at her comment . 
 `` my poor child . 
 how could anybody do this to her . '' 
 she sighed . 
 ali picked up her clothes from the floor and handed it to raden nabilla , `` i think you should put her clothes on . 
 she wo n't be happy to wake up and find herself naked in my room . '' 
 he was about to leave , when raden nabilla called to him . 
 `` do n't go yet , what happens if she goes psychotic again ? '' 
 ali took a deep breath , `` you 're right . '' 
 he said . 
 he turned his back against them and stood there waiting . 
 `` okay , we 've finished . '' 
 he heard his mother saying . 
 he turned around . 
 paramita was still lying on the bed where he left her . 
 `` i think i should lay her down properly . 
 i doubt she 'd wake up again , '' he said . 
 he lifted her and straightened her position . 
 he covered her with a blanket . 
 raden nabilla opened the door to let raden hamza in . 
 `` she 's okay now , she asleep again . '' 
 `` why does abang have a woman in his bedroom ? 
 does his fiancée now about this ? '' 
 said hafiz . 
 he peered at the bed , `` wait is n't that mita ? 
 why is she here in your room ? '' 
 `` hafiz , it 's not what you think . '' 
 ali explained . 
 `` she was drugged , and i brought her here to take care of her . '' 
 `` so what was the ruckus about ? '' 
 `` she was hallucinating she thought that she was on fire . '' 
 `` hallucinating ? 
 what drug did she take ? '' 
 `` pcp '' `` hah ... ! 
 i know how that feels , when i tried pcp , i spent four hours in front of the tv set trying to find the power button . '' 
 hafiz said to himself . 
 `` what did you say ? '' 
 raden hamza yelled . 
 `` that 's not important , what 's important , is that abang should n't be in the room alone with mita , who knows what could happen . '' 
 hafiz said to divert his father 's attention . 
 ali felt his temper rising , `` hafiz , i 'm not that type of person . 
 i do n't sleep around with women , and i certainly have never gotten one pregnant and made her get an abortion . '' 
 `` what are you implying ? '' 
 `` do think that i do n't know about it ? '' 
 `` what are you two talking about ? '' 
 raden nabilla interrupted . 
 `` nothing mother . '' 
 ali replied . 
 `` i 'm tired , it has been a long night for me . 
 i 'm going to get some sleep , i want to take advantage of the time mita is sleeping calmly . '' 
 he entered his room and shut the door , he was in no mood to fight with hafiz . 
 he looked at paramita , she was still sleeping peacefully . 
 he dragged himself to the chair and tried to sleep . 
 luckily she did n't have any more episodes that night , she only sleep talked and whined , but she did n't hallucinate or get out of bed . 
 what woke him up was the sound of knocking on the door . 
 raden nabilla entered , and approached him , `` time for you to pray . '' 
 ali stretched and stood up , `` luckily she did n't get any more hallucinations . 
 i 'm going to take a shower . '' 
 he said . 
 `` raden , raden , there is a guest waiting for you downstairs . '' 
 he heard maya 's voice from the outside . 
 `` who is it ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` it 's the doctor who was here yesterday . '' 
 she replied . 
 `` please show him up . '' 
 ali responded . 
 `` mother , since the doctor is here , can you accompany him while i go shower . '' 
 `` yes , of course . '' 
 she said . 
 he entered the bathroom , and the door of the room opened , as doctor johan stepped inside . 
 `` good morning , your excellency . '' 
 he said to raden nabilla . 
 `` good morning , doctor . '' 
 she replied . 
 `` thank you for coming here so early . '' 
 `` i was on call last night at the palace . 
 i got off and came here to check on my patient . 
 `` last night she had another psychotic moment . 
 not a violent one , she was saying that her clothes were on fire , and she was screaming claiming that she was burning . '' 
 `` pcp has an unpredictable effect . 
 but a paranoia like that is a common occurrence , plus we do n't know what other substance the drug that was administered to her contained , so we do not know what other reactions will occur . '' 
 he took his stethoscope and listen to paramita 's heart rate , and checked her pulse . 
 `` she 's actually doing very well . 
 better than some patients that were exposed to this same drug . '' 
 he opened her eyelids , `` her pupils are no longer dilated . '' 
 `` so she 's okay , doctor ? '' 
 `` oh yes , she is . 
 she 'll probably wake up in a few hours . '' 
 ali came out of the bathroom , his hair freshly washed . 
 `` good morning , doctor . '' 
 he greeted . 
 `` good morning your excellency . 
 i was telling your mother that her highness ' condition is better now , she should wake up in a few hours . 
 i see that the iv has been taken off . '' 
 `` she pulled it out last night during an episode . '' 
 he responded . 
 `` i see . '' 
 `` doctor , if you will excuse for a while , i have something to do , i will be back before long . '' 
 `` be my guest your excellency . '' 
 he replied . 
 not long after ali had left , paramita started to come to , at first she moved her head , and opened her eyes . 
 she looked confused and dazed , not recognizing her surroundings . 
 `` ananda puteri , you have woken up ... '' she heard a familiar voice , she turned to the direction where it came from and surprise to see raden nabilla there with a strange man . 
 `` where ... where am i ? 
 what happened ? 
 my whole body is hurting , what happened to me ? '' 
 she asked her speech was slurring . 
 `` doctor , why is she talking like that ? '' 
 raden nabilla did n't immediately answer her . 
 `` it 's the effect of the drug , it has n't been completely metabolized by her body . '' 
 he explained . 
 `` ananda , do you recognize me ? '' 
 raden nabilla asked her patiently . 
 paramita nodded . 
 `` ibunda nabilla . '' 
 raden nabilla smiled and held her hand . 
 `` that 's good , you 're at my house . 
 this is ali 's room , he brought you here yesterday because you were seriously injured . '' 
 paramita looked at her with confusion , `` what happened ? '' 
 `` we can talk about it later , the first thing is to make sure you recover . '' 
 she replied . 
 `` your highness puteri , your body must be in great pain right now . 
 i will give you an injection to relieve the pain a little bit . '' 
 the doctor said . 
 paramita nodded , raden nabilla helped her turn to her side , and slightly opened the back of her pajama pants . 
 paramita winced as the needle pierced her flesh . 
 `` i 'm thirsty . '' 
 she said . 
 raden nabilla filled a glass on the nightstand with water from a jar and helped her drink it . 
 after paramita was satisfied , raden nabilla helped her to lie back on the bed . 
 `` is she awake ? '' 
 they heard ali 's voice coming from the door . 
 `` yes she is . '' 
 doctor johan replied . 
 ali came in and sat on the bed by paramita 's side . 
 `` hey , how are you feeling ? '' 
 he gently asked her while taking her hand in his . 
 `` she 's still a little bit slurry when she speaks , and she is in pain , but the doctor had given her painkiller injection . '' 
 his mother answered . 
 ali smiled at her and caressed her hair , `` you have to rest . 
 give time for your body to eliminate the substances . '' 
 `` he 's right . '' 
 the doctor agreed . 
 paramita 's face showed that she had many questions , but she smiled and nodded obeying them . 
 `` i 'm going to call your father at the office to give him the good news . 
 he left early this morning to update your majesty sultan about the situation . '' 
 `` your excellency , i 'll be leaving now , '' doctor johan said . 
 `` thank you , doctor , '' ali replied , `` let me see you to the door . '' 
 he was about to stand up , when paramita held his hand firmly . 
 `` do n't leave me , please . '' 
 she said , `` i do n't know why but i have this uncontrollable fear . '' 
 `` it 's the paranoia , one of the effects of the drug , '' doctor johan said . 
 `` i will see myself out . '' 
 `` what happened to me ? '' 
 she asked him after the doctor had left . 
 `` we 'll talk about that later . '' 
 ali said worrying that telling her what happened might add her fears . 
 `` here comes maya with your breakfast . '' 
 `` your highness , how are you this morning ? '' 
 maya asked her . 
 `` i 'm fine thank you . '' 
 she responded . 
 `` my lady , raden nabilla especially made this porridge for you . '' 
 she replied . 
 she reached out to accept the bowl , but her hands were severely shaking . 
 `` can you put it on the table , i 'll eat it later when i feel better . '' 
 `` give me the bowl , eating will help you get better faster , '' ali said . 
 he received the bowl from maya and began to stir the content to cool it down . 
 he fed the porridge to paramita . 
 `` abang . '' 
 she said in between scoops . 
 `` hmm ? '' 
 he responded . 
 `` what happened to you ? 
 your neck has finger marks and your face is swollen . '' 
 she asked . 
 `` i was attacked by a tiger demon because i was mistaken for a gorilla . '' 
 he answered flatly . 
 `` hah ? 
 chapter twenty one `` oh , it 's good that you 're eating , i hope you like my cooking . '' 
 raden nabilla 's voice echoed through the room . 
 `` thank you for the breakfast . '' 
 paramita responded . 
 `` ali , your father wanted me to tell you that regarding the issue he told you yesterday , your majesty sultan has decided to go ahead with it today . 
 he will visit ananda puteri and talk to her about it . '' 
 ali sighed his face showed concern . 
 `` my father is coming here to see me ? '' 
 paramita asked in a cheerful voice . 
 ali felt bad for her , he traced her hair gently , `` that 's what my father said . '' 
 he responded . 
 `` mother , please have maya help mita to get ready , if you can lend her a nice dress to wear . '' 
 `` i have some of your sister 's clothes in her room . 
 since ananda puteri is much taller than her , i think we should get something loose and comfortable , and can be worn with a sarong . '' 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 ali said to paramita , seeing her try to get up from the bed . 
 `` to the bathroom , did n't you say i need to get ready ? '' 
 `` after you 've finished your breakfast . 
 sit down , you only ate half of it , you have to eat the rest . 
 besides , you should n't try to walk by yourself , you 're still shaking . '' 
 raden nabilla got her a very pretty tan kebaya . 
 luckily it was designed in such a way that it was n't too obvious that the sleeves were actually too short for her . 
 although it she was already neatly dressed , ali had her wait on the bed , she was sitting there leaning against a tall stack of pillows , entertaining herself with channel surfing on the large screen tv in his room . 
 she felt a sharp pounding pain in her head when flashes of memory filled her mind . 
 she saw her mother soraya in her bedroom . 
 suddenly she remembered the fight that they had . 
 the taste of the bitter liquid in her mouth . 
 she fuzzily recalled the sensation of blood dripping down her face . 
 her arms slowly started to hurt again , as well as her thighs and back . 
 she managed to hold back her tears . 
 she tried to manage her breathing to control her emotions and her physical pain , only to make it hurt her chest even more . 
 she clutched her chest cringing at the pain . 
 `` mita , are you okay ? 
 what 's wrong ? '' 
 she heard ali saying from behind her . 
 `` my body hurts all over . 
 why is this happening to me ? '' 
 she said . 
 `` hold on , let me get the medicine that doctor johan prescribed for you , he said this was bound to happen . '' 
 he quickly served a glass of water and gave her the painkillers . 
 paramita quickly swallowed the pills and drank the whole glass of water . 
 `` i 'm sorry you have to go through this . 
 be patient until the medicine takes effect . '' 
 ali said while sitting down next to her . 
 paramita could n't hear him , she was in so much pain . 
 she lifted her knees to curl up her body . 
 ali quickly pulled her to him . 
 `` do n't do that , please , do n't sit that way , you do n't know how it scares me to see you like that . 
 if you 're in pain let me hold you until it goes away . '' 
 she put her arms around his waist and held on to him tightly , trying not to cry . 
 `` what have i done wrong ? 
 why me ? 
 why me ? '' 
 `` shhh ... it 's okay , calm down , it will pass , be patient . '' 
 after several minutes , he could feel her loosen her grip on him . 
 `` i feel better now , i think those pills have worked their magic on me . '' 
 she told him . 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 he asked , observing her . 
 `` yes . '' 
 she managed to force a smile . 
 `` ummm . 
 abang , i vaguely remember that i had a fight with my mother in my bedroom at the sultan 's palace , was she there ? '' 
 `` that 's what i heard . '' 
 he replied . 
 `` abang , why did she do this to me ? '' 
 `` do what ? '' 
 ali asked confused not understanding her question . 
 `` she forced a small bottle of pills down my mouth , if you said that i was drugged , then , why did my own mother want to drug me ? '' 
 she said with a shaken expression . 
 `` we think that madam soraya was also drugged . '' 
 `` i hope she was ... i really hope she was . '' 
 ali did n't say anything , for paramita 's sake he hoped that soraya was drugged too . 
 `` ananda puteri , your father has arrived . '' 
 raden nabilla said . 
 `` mother , mita just had a pain attack a few minutes ago . 
 i do n't know if it 's a good idea for her to go downstairs to receive your majesty sultan . '' 
 ali said . 
 `` of course not she 's sick she should stay here , your majesty sultan can come up and visit her here . '' 
 `` mita , i 'm going downstairs to receive ayahnda sultan , wait here , okay ? '' 
 he said to paramita . 
 `` sure , no problem . '' 
 she replied with doubt . 
 ali went downstairs , his mind still occupied with what paramita told him just now about madam soraya her mother . 
 thinking back at the extent of the effect the drug had on paramita , it would be horrifying if it was true that her own mother actually consciously forced her to take it . 
 what was more painful for him was the fact that paramita had reason to consider the possibility of it . 
 `` her life must have not been an easy one . '' 
 he sighed just thinking about it . 
 the sultan had with him a small entourage , mostly consisting of the royal guards , headed by colonel anton . 
 ali saw his father was with them , and they were in the company of a man that he had never seen before . 
 `` his majesty sultan , i give you my most humble salute . '' 
 raden nabilla greeted . 
 `` adik , please , there is no need for formalities . 
 we are all family , and today we are going to tighten our family ties . '' 
 he answered . 
 `` today , your majesty ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` yes , this is ustaz mahmoud , he will be marrying ananda ali and ananda paramita today . '' 
 raden nabilla was dumbstruck , unable to say anything . 
 `` ali greets ayahnda sultan . '' 
 ali said . 
 `` ali , i gather that you 're ready . '' 
 `` yes ayahnda . '' 
 `` since there was no time to prepare the dowry , adik hamza has promised to pay it directly to ananda mita . 
 where is she , i have to speak to her before the ceremony . 
 does she know about it ? '' 
 said the sultan . 
 `` no , ayahnda , we have n't told her anything . '' 
 ali replied . 
 `` take me to her . '' 
 `` i , this way . '' 
 ali showed him the way . 
 paramita was waiting in the room , she turned off the tv . 
 she was quite excited thinking that her father had taken time out of his busy schedule to see how she was doing . 
 she straightened her sarong and fixed her hair with her hand . 
 the bedroom door was ajar , she turned and standing there was her father . 
 she tried to stand up to greet him . 
 `` ananda greets ayahnda sultan . '' 
 `` please sit down my child , you 're still sick . '' 
 he said . 
 `` thank you , ayahnda . '' 
 `` how are you doing ? '' 
 he asked her kindly . 
 `` i 'm better now . 
 bunda nabilla and abang ali have taken good care of me . '' 
 `` i 'm happy to hear that . '' 
 he said to her . 
 ali had pulled up a chair for him to sit in . 
 `` ananda ali , please wait outside . '' 
 `` i '' he replied shortly . 
 `` puteri , as a woman raised in the western world , i 'm sure you are used to people talking straight to the point . 
 the reason why i came today first of all is to see how your health is doing , and if you are okay . 
 the second reason is about your relationship with ananda ali . '' 
 paramita could n't guess where this was going , she asked him , `` my relationship ? '' 
 `` my daughter mita . 
 i , your royal father , know with all my heart , everything that has been happening lately is not your fault . 
 but many events had led you to be in very close and private proximity with ananda ali . 
 i hope that you understand , in our culture , this is considered inappropriate . 
 there has been some talk about the two of you . '' 
 he elaborated . 
 `` what does that mean ? '' 
 she asked looking at him . 
 `` there are gossips about you carrying out adultery with ananda ali . '' 
 he said cautiously . 
 `` ayahnda , that 's not true . 
 how can that be possible ? 
 i. . . 
 i. . . '' 
 suddenly the words her mother said to her in her bedroom , echoed in her ears . 
 `` that 's a lie . '' 
 `` it is ! '' 
 affirmed the sultan , `` and i 'm sure that it was spread by the same people who have tried to harm you . '' 
 she did n't answer . 
 `` mita , the problem is , i as the sultan of this country , i am not only the head of the government , but i am also the religious leader . 
 all my actions and all my family 's actions must be a good example to the people , and we can not do things that are considered immoral . '' 
 `` but i 'm not doing anything immoral . '' 
 she insisted . 
 `` my child , i know that , but it is a matter of people 's perception , this issue has greatly affected my credibility in front of the people of jothar . 
 and you should n't tarnish ananda ali 's reputation . '' 
 `` i 'm tarnishing his excellency raden burhanuddin ali 's reputation ? 
 so what are you saying ? 
 are you going to have me stoned to death ? '' 
 `` mita , how can you think such a thing ? 
 we do n't practice that here . '' 
 the sultan exclaimed . 
 `` i have thought of the proper solution to save our reputation . 
 today i have come here with ustaz mahmoud , . 
 today he will be leading your marriage ceremony with ananda ali . '' 
 `` oh '' she replied uninterestedly . 
 `` do you agree with this ? '' 
 the sultan asked . 
 paramita was too upset to reply . 
 `` according to our custom , if a maiden does n't answer that means she agrees . 
 we will begin the ceremony in ten minutes . 
 raden nabilla , will accompany you to go downstairs so you can sign the certificate . 
 but if you 're feeling ill , we can bring the documents up here . 
 anyway , it 's not obligatory for the bride to be present during the marriage contract . '' 
 ali gazed at paramita from the door , her eyes were red and moist and she was biting her bottom lip in anger . 
 her fingers were pale from the tight fist she was making . 
 he took a deep breath , but could n't do or say anything because of the sultan 's presence . 
 paramita sat in silence trying to restrain her anger . 
 she had the urge to scream and shout in frustration , but she realized that she was a guest at somebody else 's house . 
 `` ananda , we should head downstairs now , they are waiting for you . '' 
 raden nabilla came to her . 
 `` come on i 'll help you stand . '' 
 paramita felt her body limp , but she was determined not to show weakness . 
 she took a deep breath and forced a smile . 
 `` i 'm ready . '' 
 she said . 
 `` ananda , i 'm very sorry , for everything , i 'm very sorry '' raden nabilla said . 
 `` bunda , you have shown unconditional kindness to me since the beginning , i feel blessed to have met you and your family . 
 it is like finding an oasis in the desert . '' 
 `` let , me hug you for a minute . '' 
 raden nabilla pulled paramita 's head to her chest and kissed it gently . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 they walked slowly to where the ceremony would take place . 
 after she had sat down comfortably on the floor , the ustaz began the sermon that contained religious quotes . 
 after the sermon , the marriage contract followed . 
 `` i marry my daughter named paramita sawitri to you burhanuddin ali , with a dowry of gold to be paid within a month from now . '' 
 the sultan said . 
 instantly ali replied , `` i accept the marriage of paramita sawitri , with a dowry of gold to be paid within a month from now . '' 
 this was followed by a handshake between the two to seal the contract . 
 afterward paramita had to salute her new husband by kissing his hand . 
 and both of them saluted their parents with the same gesture . 
 after the ceremony both paramita and ali signed the registry paper . 
 colonel anton and raden hamza signed as witnesses . 
 paramita feeling lethargic and spiritless asked to be excused to go back to the room and lie down . 
 `` ananda ali , take your wife to the bedroom so she can rest . '' 
 said the sultan . 
 `` yes sir . '' 
 he helped her upstairs and led her to the bed . 
 once she was comfortably seated , he went to the walk in closet and came out with one of his clean pajamas . 
 `` here , change into this , it will make you comfortable . '' 
 he entered the bathroom and came out with a plastic bottle . 
 `` you should drink this , it 's called valerian essence . 
 i had it imported from europe . 
 this will calm you down and help you get some sleep . '' 
 he said while mixing a few drops from the bottle with a glass of water and handing it to her . 
 she drank it all down , and was about to lie down on the bed , when he said , `` change your clothes , if you try to sleep in those , it might obstruct your blood flow . '' 
 `` how can i change with you here ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` well , there 's nothing there that 's not legally mine to see . '' 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 she growled . 
 `` never mind , look , now i 'm your husband , so in the eyes of the law , society and god , there is no problem with me being here while you change . 
 i 'm not going to do anything strange . 
 i just want to make sure that you 're comfortable . '' 
 `` i suppose you 're right . '' 
 she replied . 
 she took extra caution to show as little skin as possible while she changed . 
 ali smiled and shook his head . 
 `` thank goodness it was me in the room while she was under influence last night . '' 
 he thought . 
 after she had finished changing , he helped her to lie down and covered her with a blanket . 
 `` get some sleep . 
 this is a good time to remember your own words . '' 
 `` what words ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` tomorrow is another day . '' 
 `` that 's right . 
 thank you , '' she smiled . 
 `` i 'll sit here with you until you fall asleep . '' 
 he said gently . 
 `` can i hold you ? '' 
 paramita nodded leaning herself against him , `` you know , i remember when i was seven years old , our driver at the time was thomas . 
 he had a daughter , lizzy she was a few months older than me . 
 when her eighth birthday came up thomas borrowed money from my mother for a birthday party , he also asked if he can have one of my old dresses for his daughter to use at the party . 
 i was invited . 
 lizzy looked so happy , she was glowing beautifully , before they cut the cake thomas walked her to the floor and they danced the waltz . 
 i remember thinking , i wish i could be a princess like lizzy . 
 if my father is a sultan , then why am i not a princess ? 
 why ca n't i be his princess ? '' 
 her voice grew softer and then silent . 
 ali looked at her , she had fallen asleep . 
 he wiped the tears from her face and put her head gently on the pillow , he kissed her cheek twice , `` you 're my princess . '' 
 he whispered . 
 he left the room and went back downstairs to attend to the guests . 
 chapter twenty two paramita did n't know how long she slept , but when she woke up , the curtains were closed , making the room dark . 
 she felt refreshed and her own positive-self had returned . 
 her body was beginning to ache again , but this time it did n't feel like the physical torture she felt this morning , but rather it was a very familiar muscle burn like she would get after an excess of exercise , although today it felt a little more severe . 
 someone move beside her on the bed , she turned around to see who it was . 
 ali was peacefully sleeping there . 
 she was about to punch him on the stomach and kick him off the bed , when she remembered that he had taken good care of her during this time and was most likely exhausted because of it . 
 she did n't want to be an ungrateful person . 
 then she remembered that he was her husband now , as they are legally married . 
 this made her blush . 
 she quietly got off the bed and tiptoed to the window she peered behind the curtain , it was dark outside , could it be that she had slept for that long ? 
 she turned around to observe ali 's clothes , searching her mind to remember if it was the same one he had on earlier or not . 
 `` he 's wearing the same clothes , luckily i did n't pull a rip van winkle . '' 
 she exhaled in relief . 
 paramita walked as quiet as possible to the bathroom , to get to it , she had to pass the walk in closet . 
 she stopped to look at the way his clothes were organized , according to color . 
 `` huh . '' 
 she said to herself . 
 in the bathroom , she washed her face with an abundance of fresh cold water . 
 she had the sudden urge for a shower , a hot and cold water therapy always did her muscles justice when it was aching . 
 she slipped out of the pajamas and entered the shower , enjoying the messaging effect of the pouring water . 
 she discovered the shower head was specially designed to allow people to set the intensity and velocity of the shower water . 
 feeling rejuvenated , she lightly stepped out , she was about to grab the towel that was already waiting for her in front of the shower door . 
 `` how did this towel get here ? '' 
 she asked herself . 
 when she looked , ali was standing there with his arm extended holding the towel for her . 
 shocked , she calmly backed up into the shower and closed the door . 
 `` thanks , can you please leave the towel out there , if you need the bathroom , you can wait outside and i 'll be out in no time . '' 
 `` i was worried when i woke up and did n't find you in the room . '' 
 he said ignoring her words . 
 i thought something had happened to you . '' 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 thanks to you and your mother 's kindness in taking care of me . 
 i found that the aches in my body were actually tolerable muscle aches and not excruciating pains like it seemed to be this morning . '' 
 `` hmmm , it probably was the psychotic effect of the drug that enhanced the sensation of your pain . '' 
 she heard the sound of water trickling , `` are you relieving yourself ? '' 
 `` yeah , why ? '' 
 `` shameless sap . '' 
 she said under her breath , the replied out loud , `` never mind ! 
 do n't forget to wash your hands ! 
 i want to get out of the shower now ! '' 
 `` do n't let me stop you . '' 
 he replied nonchalantly with the sound of the tap being turned on and off in the background . 
 she thought for a while and decided to be cool about the situation . 
 she felt her face becoming hot and her heart pounding . 
 she took a deep breath , opened the door , and extended her arm to take the towel from him . 
 she wrapped it around her body . 
 `` are you alright ? 
 are you sick again ? '' 
 he asked with a worried tone , seeing her red face . 
 she quickly took advantage of the situation , `` i 'm feeling a little bit dizzy . '' 
 she said . 
 `` come on , let me help you walk back to the room . '' 
 he said taking her by the waist . 
 `` we 'll be temporarily living here until after the reception then we get to live in our new residence , because they need to increase the security there . 
 i want you to know that mak noor will be coming tomorrow afternoon . 
 she 's coming here to live with us . '' 
 he said to her . 
 `` that 's great , thank you . 
 i appreciate it , i really do . '' 
 she said to him . 
 `` well , you 're my wife . 
 your family is my family . '' 
 he said gently . 
 `` do you by any chance have a pain relief cream ? '' 
 `` of course i do . '' 
 he said while walking back into the bathroom and coming out with a tube of muscle cream . 
 `` where are you hurting ? '' 
 `` on my arms , my back , and my thighs . 
 i wonder what happened , it 's like i 've been lifting weights or something . '' 
 she said . 
 `` weights ? 
 what you lifted was an eighty kilogram man , you lifted him off the ground by the neck and threw him to a tree . '' 
 `` very funny ! '' 
 she said sarcastically . 
 ali took off his shirt , seeing this paramita stepped backward `` what do you think you 're doing ? '' 
 the sight of his well-built bare torso made her nervous . 
 he turned around and showed her his back . 
 it was bruised in a diagonal line . 
 she was surprised , she stepped forward to take a better look at it . 
 `` that 's impossible . '' 
 she said feeling guilty and bad towards him . 
 `` it 's true , you did do it . '' 
 ali assured . 
 `` no , what i mean is , that 's impossible that you only weigh eighty kilograms , with these spare tires you must at least weigh ten or twenty kilos more than that . '' 
 she said while pinching his side . 
 he turned around and grabbed her by the waist , `` you 're terrible . '' 
 he laughed . 
 there was a moment of awkward silence . 
 `` um ... does my father expect us to do it ? '' 
 she asked her skin becoming red with embarrassment . 
 `` to consummate our marriage ? 
 yes . 
 if our marriage is consummated then it ca n't be annulated . '' 
 ali replied while letting go of her , his face also blushed . 
 mita took a deep breath `` then let 's give the old man his peace of mind . 
 now , let 's get it over with , what do you want me to do ? '' 
 ali stood still , he looked down at his crotch then looked then looked at paramita , `` those words sound like a death threat to my little ali . 
 you 've actually managed to scare him silly instead of inspire him . '' 
 he said . 
 `` bang ... ! '' 
 mita tried hard not to laugh . 
 `` let 's not worry about that right now . '' 
 he smiled , `` come on , i 'll help you apply the cream . 
 go ahead and lie face down on the bed . '' 
 paramita hesitated , she looked at him for a few minutes `` should i put on my pajamas ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` that depends ... '' he replied with a smirk , `` do you want me to apply the cream on your pajamas or on your skin ? '' 
 paramita scowled as she walked to the bed and laid face down . 
 the mattress bounced slightly as ali sat beside her . 
 she shuddered as she his hands smeared the cream on her shoulder . 
 his gentle massage was delicious against her aching muscles . 
 she closed her eyes enjoying the pressure applied to her flesh . 
 he continued to her arms kneading them tenderly . 
 `` do you want me to put the cream on your legs as well ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` eh-he . '' 
 she replied enjoying herself , `` now we know what other line of work you can explore if you fail to be a politician . '' 
 `` i 'd make a good orderly in a mental institution too . '' 
 he chuckled . 
 he rolled paramita gently into his embrace , he pulled her closer and kissed her lips . 
 she did n't know how to react , a mixed feelings of embarrassment and curiosity was tugging at her brain . 
 she closed her eyes and allowed herself to be drifted away by emotions that came crashing in like a tidal wave . 
 emotions that he had awakened in her . 
 the sweet taste of his tongue in her mouth made her feel like she was about to melt away . 
 involuntarily she gasped as his hand pulled off her towel . 
 she arched her back slightly off the mattress without letting go of his lips . 
 he slowly moved his attention to her neck , kissing it , enjoying the soft scent that her smooth skin emitted . 
 she moaned softly as his tongue traced her neck down to her shoulder , the sound of her moans made his blood boil . 
 * * * the sultan had ordered ali to not come to the palace until the ligature marks on his neck and bruise on his jaw had disappeared to avoid unnecessary speculations . 
 ali helped her walk downstairs to the dining room to have breakfast . 
 seeing them together , the maids smiled at them mischievously . 
 `` did i grow a giant mole on my face overnight ? '' 
 paramita whispered to him . 
 `` let me take a look ... nope . '' 
 ali replied . 
 `` then why are the maids giving me that look ? '' 
 she asked again . 
 `` what look ? '' 
 he pretended not to understand . 
 `` the ' i know what you 've been up to ' look . '' 
 `` well , we 've just got married yesterday , and our hair is still humid from the shower . 
 i think , they do know what you 've been up to , especially after they clean our room later , they 'll be one hundred percent sure about it . '' 
 `` oh my goodness , you 're so shameless , do n't talk to me . '' 
 she said , `` speaking of which , i think i should go back upstairs and take off the sheets , before anybody sees it . '' 
 `` do n't bother . 
 i think they have to see what 's there and report to the sultan , your father . '' 
 `` ugh , him ... '' paramita mumbled . 
 `` if we clean it up , they might think we 're hiding something . 
 it 's better for them to see the stains , so they know that i succeeded to be your first ... and only . '' 
 he said while pinching her nose , making the maids giggle . 
 he helped her sit on a chair and sat next to her . 
 raden hamza and raden nabilla entered together , `` how are you doing this morning , ananda ? '' 
 she greeted paramita with a big smile . 
 `` i 'm very well thank you . '' 
 she replied . 
 `` i 'm glad to see that you have recovered quickly . '' 
 said raden hamza while sitting at the head of the table . 
 `` good morning '' hafiz shouted cheerfully while walking through the door , he looked at paramita , `` good morning , you 're still here ? 
 that 's good we 'll have time to catch up . '' 
 `` my wife and i will be living here for a while until our residence is ready . '' 
 ali responded . 
 `` wife ? '' 
 hafiz asked . 
 `` your brother and ananda puteri were officially married yesterday , this was a decision made by his majesty . '' 
 raden hamza answered on their behalf . 
 `` oh , nice to know that i was n't invited . '' 
 hafiz said . 
 `` do n't feel bad , i was n't either . '' 
 paramita answered . 
 `` oh ... '' hafiz answered while looking at her , `` then there 's not much left to say than congratulations , is there ? '' 
 `` thank you . '' 
 ali replied to his brother while moving s strand of hair from paramita 's forehead . 
 `` i hope you 'll excuse me , i 'm not hungry anymore . 
 i 'm going straight to work . '' 
 hafiz said while leaving the dining room . 
 `` hafiz , wait , i need to talk to you . '' 
 paramita said , standing up and slowly walking towards the direction hafiz had left to . 
 ali quickly followed her . 
 she caught up with him in the hall , `` hafiz , i hope we can get along well . '' 
 `` why ca n't we ? 
 i mean the girl i love is my sister in law now . '' 
 he replied . 
 `` hafiz , do you honestly love me ? 
 or are you just being capricious because you lost something that you 've taken for granted all this time ? '' 
 she interrogated . 
 `` you 're the person who knows my personality best . '' 
 `` i 'm still your best friend , you know . '' 
 she said , `` but just in case you 're going to be difficult about this whole sister in law situation , should i remind you why you hate me so much in the first place ? '' 
 `` you would n't dare ... '' he said . 
 `` do n't you know me by now ? '' 
 she said with a straight face . 
 `` die , you evil witch ! '' 
 he said pointing his fist out in the air . 
 paramita turned around and ran behind ali while laughing . 
 ali felt himself get caught in the merriment , and smiled . 
 she peeked at hafiz , and poked her tongue at him . 
 `` i 'll keep my mouth shut if you drop the ` girl that i love ' nonsense . '' 
 she said . 
 `` i feel bad for my brother . '' 
 hafiz said at last . 
 `` abang , good luck dealing with madam evil here ! 
 i 'm going to work , i 'll see you two later . 
 hah ! 
 see that ! 
 i actually work and practice what i studied in university ! 
 so there ! '' 
 he said while walking away from them . 
 hafiz walked into his car , before he started the engine he turned towards the door , `` alright mita . '' 
 he said , `` you waited for me through countless girlfriends , now it 's my turn to wait for you to realize that you 're in a doomed marriage . 
 you 'll see who would be there for you when he goes crawling back to that woman again . 
 chapter twenty three paramita opened the bedroom door to answer the knock , `` your highness puteri , doctor johan is here to see raden ali . '' 
 the maid that was knocking at the door asked her . 
 `` thank you . 
 i will let him know . '' 
 she answered . 
 she closed the door and went to ali who was reading some reports on his desk , `` abang , there 's a doctor johan downstairs looking for you . '' 
 she told him . 
 `` oh , he 's the doctor who treated you for the drugging . '' 
 he explained , `` you should come downstairs with me so he can take a look at you . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 doctor johan stood up when he saw them entering the living room . 
 he was dumbstruck when he saw paramita , `` your highness puteri , you 're walking around already ? '' 
 `` umm , why would n't i be ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` the reason that i rushed here after receiving the report of your blood analysis . '' 
 he paused and swallowed his saliva , `` the drug in your blood , it was n't pcp . 
 well , it did contain pcp , but there were other components in it ... suddenly maya interrupted , '' excuse me , raden ali , there is a call for you from your assistant , he said it 's urgent . '' 
 `` excuse me , i need to take this call . '' 
 ali said as we walked out of the living room . 
 `` doctor , please continue , with your explanation . '' 
 she told him . 
 `` oh yes mam . '' 
 he stuttered , `` after doing an analysis of foreign chemical compounds diluted in your blood , we found that there were two types of drugs given to you . 
 one is a regular over the counter estrogen based anti-conceptive , and the other is a test drug developed for jothar 's military forces . 
 please take a look at this report . 
 puteri , i treated many soldiers who were a part of the control group in this experiment , none of them are able to walk talk normally like you after ingesting it . '' 
 she looked through the report , `` doctor , could it be that the high estrogen level in my blood at the time , actually attributed to my recuperation ? '' 
 `` i suspect as much . '' 
 he replied . 
 paramita thought about his words , `` doctor , what is this drug called ? '' 
 `` it was patented under the commercial name extemiva . '' 
 `` one moment , commercial name ? 
 i thought you said that this was a military drug experiment ? '' 
 `` but the military was not the only party involved , you highness . 
 they were in partnership with holy mountain pharmaceuticals , this company was the one who patented the drug . '' 
 `` holy mountain pharmaceuticals ? 
 where have i heard that name before ? '' 
 she searched her memory , then it suddenly hit her . 
 `` of course , it all makes sense now . 
 doctor . 
 i do n't want you to tell any of this to my hu ... umm ... raden ali . 
 am i clear ? '' 
 `` but your ... '' `` i 'm keeping this report . 
 i repeat , i do n't want you to say anything to him , until i have spoken to my father . 
 do i make myself clear , doctor ? '' 
 she repeated . 
 `` yes mam . '' 
 `` given the seriousness of the matter , if i find out that you disobeyed me , i will have you executed . '' 
 she bluffed . 
 `` please keep in mind who my father is . '' 
 `` mom . '' 
 his voice was shaking . 
 just then ali came back into the living room . 
 `` sorry , it took so long , they needed some reports . 
 i had to let them know where to find it so they can print a copy . 
 so doctor you were saying about the other components ? '' 
 `` there were other components that minimized the effect of the drug , so her highness puteri is fine now . '' 
 the doctor responded while glancing at her for approval . 
 ali smiled , `` i 'm relieved to hear that , so puteri wo n't have any more problems because of this ? '' 
 `` no , sir . 
 your excellency '' he answered cautiously . 
 `` abang , now that doctor johan has examined me and confirm that i 'm in good health . 
 i would like to go and see my father . '' 
 she said . 
 `` oh , sure . 
 if you 're feeling well enough we can go today . '' 
 he answered . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 she smiled . 
 `` what did he talk to you about ? '' 
 ali asked . 
 `` no , nothing , it was just a curious medical fact that the doctor was kind enough to share with me , nothing important . '' 
 she said . 
 `` hmm , okay . '' 
 he answered not too convinced . 
 `` do n't worry about it . '' 
 she said again , `` doctor , you are excused now . '' 
 she shoos him away . 
 `` your highness , your excellency , please excuse me . '' 
 he quickly said , then turned around to leave the living room . 
 `` what a scary woman . '' 
 he thought to himself . 
 * * * paramita and ali waited for the attendant to announce their arrival to the sultan . 
 they were shown into the study , where the sultan usually passed his afternoon leisurely reading . 
 `` well , this is a pleasant visit , ananda , i 'm glad to see that you are back to normal now . '' 
 he greeted them . 
 `` good afternoon , father . '' 
 she replied to him , then kissed his hand . 
 `` good afternoon , father . '' 
 ali also saluted in the same manner . 
 `` come , sit down . 
 tell me , how are you feeling ? 
 is it alright for you to be walking around after what happened ? '' 
 he asked his daughter . 
 paramita was feeling very anxious and impatient , `` ayahnda , i am feeling very well , in fact , i am extemivally well . '' 
 she said emphasizing . 
 the sultan looked at her with a surprised expression , his face turned pale , he turned to ali and said . 
 `` umm ... ananda ali , you could n't have arrived at a more perfect time . 
 i need you to help me with something . 
 please take the documents on the desk to the office of the minister of agriculture . 
 i have reviewed your proposal , and i like it , but there are some details that need to be updated by his department . 
 it would be better if you take it there yourself , so you can personally present your idea to the minister and see how he thinks about it . 
 tell his assistant that i personally sent you , so you would n't need to make an appointment . '' 
 `` i , your majesty . 
 excuse me . 
 mita , please wait here until i get back . 
 do n't go wandering off by yourself , it 's too dangerous . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 she answered shortly . 
 he picked up the document from the desk and left the study , gently closing the door behind him . 
 `` what is this about extemiva ? '' 
 he asked her without further small talk after making sure that ali had left them . 
 `` oh , so you do know about it , father ? '' 
 she asked him back . 
 `` it was a military test drug . 
 during the time your uncle pangeran bashir was the minister of defense , they experimented with it on the jothar elite forces . 
 how did you hear about it ? '' 
 `` i heard it from doctor johan , the doctor that attended me when i was drugged . 
 according to my blood analysis , the drug given to me had all the components of extemiva . '' 
 `` that 's impossible . '' 
 she took out the folded report from her handbag . 
 `` here , take a look . '' 
 he read it , then looked at her , `` are you alright ? 
 are you showing any symptoms ? 
 we should check you into a hospital right away and have you under observation . '' 
 `` ayahnda , i 'm okay . 
 at least i think i am , but if there are any side effects , i guess it 's too late to do anything about it by now i mean it 's been four days already . '' 
 she reminded him . 
 `` there are some other things that concern me more ayahnda , that 's why i asked to come to speak to you . '' 
 the sultan took a deep breath . 
 `` go ahead , tell me . '' 
 `` first , mama was the one who forced the drug down my throat . '' 
 `` soraya ? 
 yes , i heard about that from the royal guard and your nanny testified to it . 
 when they questioned your mother , she said that she was giving you an anti-pregnancy remedy , as she thought you and ali were in an adultery relation . 
 but since you said it was extemiva , then it 's a different story altogether . '' 
 `` that 's right ayahnda . 
 there are some things that need to be answered . 
 where did she get her hands on this drug ? 
 she had a roll of newspaper in her hand , they were n't in english . 
 i find it hard to believe knowing my mother that she came off the airplane and bought them . 
 and also , she 's a celebrity and she knows very well how those tabloids are , so what triggered her to believe the news that i had that kind of relationship with abang ? 
 i know my mak noor will always be careful about the thing that she would say to mama , because of the way mama would react at times . 
 and besides , it seems that mama came prepared with the bottle to feed it to me . '' 
 `` i will have col. anton investigate soraya 's movements since she arrived here . '' 
 `` ayahnda , maybe it 's also worth looking into the phone records from the house in london . '' 
 `` you 're right . 
 i will call the embassy in london to get it . '' 
 he paused for a moment , looked at his daughter and then said . 
 `` ananda , i hope you do n't think negatively about your mother , at this stage , we do n't really know what happened . '' 
 `` i understand ayahnda . 
 there is another thing i would like to errr ... consult you . '' 
 she paused , waiting for his reaction . 
 he could guess what was going to be her question , but he decided to let her continue with it . 
 `` go ahead . '' 
 he said . 
 `` about my husband and his family . 
 they are very closely connected to holly mountain pharmaceuticals . 
 do you think they had anything to do with what happened ? '' 
 `` certainly not ! '' 
 the sultan said . 
 `` my cousin hamza is the person i trust most in this world . 
 otherwise , why would i marry my daughter to his son ? '' 
 `` then ayahnda , how should i deal with this matter in front of my husband ? 
 is it wise for me to tell him that there is a possibility that his step mother 's family is involved in the attempt to kill me ? '' 
 `` we do n't know that for sure . 
 the drug may be extemiva that was patented by holy mountain , but remember that pangeran bashir was the minister of defense during the time of the experiments , so he would have access to the drug . 
 however , we also can not be sure that holy mountain is not involved , so we do need to be careful . 
 because come to think of it , we did suspect that my brother has powerful financial support , and holy mountain right now , sticks out as a prime suspect . 
 but what i need is a motive . 
 what would they gain by supporting pangeran bashir ? 
 extemiva is not a high enough yielding business deal , for them to invest their money in supporting him . 
 we have to investigate some more . 
 ananda , i want you to be honest with your husband . 
 i know for sure that he is loyal to me and to the country . 
 and if it turns out that tan ping an is involved , he can protect you from them . 
 once he gets back , we will tell him everything you just told me . '' 
 they both sat in silence . 
 `` ananda , do you know why i married you to ali . '' 
 `` i have my theories . '' 
 she answered . 
 `` yes , hamza told me about them . 
 but there 's something that you did n't put into account before making your hypothesis . '' 
 `` what 's that , ayahnda ? '' 
 `` i was able to claim the throne from my brother because of my political strategies . 
 i do n't need ali 's ideals to gain political alliance . '' 
 `` oh ? 
 then why did you marry me to him ? '' 
 `` because of you . 
 because of your birth circumstances , and because of your upbringing . 
 many people will look down at you . 
 but he can legitimize you , from his father 's side he is still a descendant of a previous sultan , and his mother is a foreign princess . '' 
 `` then , if i married his brother it would have the same effect , because his mother is the daughter of the second richest man in this country . '' 
 `` but he 's not as sharp and committed as his elder brother . 
 do you think i did n't know about his philandering ? 
 how can i a man like that be my potential successor ? 
 ali is a loyal and pious man , he can be trusted with great responsibilities . '' 
 `` but you forget , he was in a relationship with another woman , what happens if he runs back into her arms in the future ? '' 
 `` that depends on you . 
 it 's common sense that any normal man will easily be moved by a beautiful woman like you . 
 use your feminine charm to keep him faithful . '' 
 he observed her expression , `` you have consummated your marriage , have n't you ? '' 
 `` i 'm sure you 've received a detailed report on that subject . '' 
 she replied with defiance . 
 `` i will take that as a yes ! 
 then that means you have captured his attention , what you need to do now is tie his heart to you . '' 
 paramita remained silent , all her life he was a stranger to her despite being her biological father , but now she was beginning to distrust him , there was something about his words that did n't quite sit well with her . 
 * * * the drive home was awkward for paramita , ali remained quiet most of the time . 
 `` are you upset ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` yes . '' 
 he answered shortly . 
 `` do you want to talk about it ? '' 
 `` i know a good steak restaurant nearby . 
 let 's stop there to eat . '' 
 `` you do n't have to be an arse about it , you know . '' 
 she said to him sharply . 
 `` an ass about what ? 
 about my wife conspiring with another man to keep secrets from me ? 
 no , i 'm not being an ass about that . '' 
 he said without looking at her . 
 `` i was n't conspiring with another man . 
 i was just delaying until i have spoken about it with my father . 
 or in case you forgot , it was me who they tried to kill , not you . 
 and one of the suspects is your step grandfather . 
 do n't you think my decision made sense ? 
 i have the right to protect myself . '' 
 she rebutted . 
 he took a deep breath . 
 `` mita , what do you see me as ? 
 do you really think that i could be involved in these attempts to kill you ? '' 
 she did n't answer . 
 `` so you do ? '' 
 he asked again . 
 `` if my own mother was the one who forced the drug down my throat , why would n't it be possible that you are also involved ? 
 it 's not like you were engaged with me because of your own free will . '' 
 she said . 
 `` mita , stop it ! 
 do n't go there ! 
 when will you start to trust me ? 
 i know that we 've just known each other for a while , but we 're allies in this situation , we should start by being honest and trusting each other . 
 besides , i 've already told you why i initially agreed to marry you . 
 think about it , what would i gain by killing you back then ? '' 
 he said while stopping the car . 
 `` you 're absolutely right . 
 you 'll benefit more if you kill me right now . '' 
 she replied . 
 `` no ! 
 i wo n't ! 
 although we 're officially married , but it has n't been announced yet . 
 and even after the reception , without considering anything else , a widowed prince consort is not a politically strategic position . 
 if it serves as a consolation to you , you 're worth more to me alive than you are dead . '' 
 he explained odiously . 
 `` i 'm sick and tired of this , i 'm sick and tired of being used , by my father , by my mother , by you , and by whoever it was who tried to kill me . 
 do you all think that i 'm just a pawn in your ambitions ? '' 
 she banged her hand on the dashboard . 
 `` then why not become a part of it ? '' 
 ali whispered . 
 `` a part of what ? '' 
 she turned her head to him . 
 `` a part of my dreams , instead of seeing yourself as a pawn , why not become my partner ? 
 what do you have to lose ? 
 we 're married , and we 've had intimate relations several times now , so i know that we have a mutual attraction for each other . 
 why not stay with me and be my companion through all this ? '' 
 `` what are you saying ? 
 give up my dreams to help you pursue yours ? '' 
 she retorted . 
 `` i 'm not asking you to give up your dreams . 
 i 'm asking you to pursue them here , by my side . 
 chapter twenty four `` we 're here , this is the steak restaurant that i told you about . '' 
 ali said parking the car in front of a nicely decorated restaurant . 
 they sat down at a window table and ordered their meal . 
 `` the meat here is really good . '' 
 ali said . 
 `` is the meat here produced locally or is it imported ? '' 
 she said . 
 `` most of it is imported , from australia or new zealand . 
 we do n't have many grasslands here to support all the cows to sustain consumer 's demands for beef . '' 
 `` i see . '' 
 `` but we do produce our own poultry . 
 that 's something to look into , poultry . 
 professionally managed a poultry farm could be a potential source of export for our country . '' 
 `` that 's right , i 've read about that somewhere . '' 
 `` mita . '' 
 he said while reaching for her hand and holding it tightly , `` please do n't doubt me , i would never let anything bad happen to you . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 you are the only person who 's been my friend this whole time , i should n't have suspected you . 
 but please understand me , if your own mother was the one who fed you poison , would you be able to trust anyone else ? '' 
 she said . 
 `` i guess you 're right . '' 
 he kissed her hand and caressed it . 
 `` so , what have you decided about my proposal ? '' 
 `` proposal ? 
 what you said in the car ? 
 i do n't know , i 'm not convinced . '' 
 she replied . 
 ali sat back dejectedly , he took a pretzel from the small basket on the table and popped it into his mouth . 
 suddenly his face brightened as he glanced towards paramita who was eating while looking out the window . 
 `` hey , give me your hand ... '' he said to her . 
 she looked at him with her eyebrows arched , `` why ? '' 
 `` just give me your left hand . '' 
 he repeated . 
 she hesitated but put her left arm on the table reaching across it . 
 ali took her hand and put the pretzel around her middle finger . 
 `` now would you consider my proposal ? '' 
 he asked . 
 she looked at him in disbelief , `` what are you trying to do exactly ? '' 
 `` i 'm proposing to you , see i 've even given you a heart shaped ring . '' 
 he flashed a cheeky smile . 
 `` grow up ! '' 
 she said , pulling her hand away and harshly bit on the savory snack . 
 `` oh , you just chewed at my heart . '' 
 he said bowing his head and putting his hand on his chest . 
 `` how lovely ... '' there was a voice behind them . 
 they both turned to the source of the voice . 
 `` dewi . '' 
 ali said . 
 paramita looked at the window with a frown . 
 she could feel something slicing her heart seeing the two in front of her . 
 `` abang , how are you doing ? 
 i have n't seen you in sometime . '' 
 she said to him , ignoring paramita . 
 `` i 'm doing very well , thank you . '' 
 he smiled to her awkwardly . 
 `` so the two of you are leisurely hanging out before your wedding day ? 
 do n't you have to make preparations ? '' 
 she said again while glancing at paramita . 
 paramita pretended she was n't there and smiled at the waiter who brought their food to the table . 
 she inhaled the delicious aroma of her medium rare steak . 
 and prepared to dig in . 
 `` eating all that meat , would n't you be afraid that you would n't be able to fit into your wedding kebaya ? '' 
 dewi asked her . 
 paramita did n't answer , she cut off a huge piece of fat from her plate and put it into her mouth . 
 `` i love the fatty parts , it 's so yummy . '' 
 she said as though talking to herself . 
 `` oh my goodness . '' 
 dewi looked repulsed . 
 `` dewi are you here to meet someone ? '' 
 ali asked seeing that paramita was trying to control her emotions . 
 `` i have a meeting with the record company . '' 
 `` ah , i see . '' 
 he said , `` please do n't let us hold you back from going to your table . '' 
 he responded while pretending to look around the restaurant . 
 she stared at him with rage and walked away from their table . 
 `` abang '' paramita looked at ali judgmentally , `` you 're right , the meat here is very good . 
 too bad the atmosphere is not up to standard , if i wanted to be in a place where people would stare and judge at me while i 'm eating , i would have asked rahmat to take me to the chinese restaurants that has the fried rice eating competition every fridays . '' 
 `` mita , i know what you 're thinking , i promise that i did n't know she 'd be here , and it does n't make any difference to me . 
 right now , i do n't have any space in my heart or mind for anybody else , but the woman who 's sitting across the table from me ! '' 
 he explained . 
 `` oh , and if you really want to go to that restaurant , i will call rahmat and ask him where it is . 
 there 's no need for you to go with him , from now on . 
 i do n't want you to go places with other men . 
 do n't you like the food here ? 
 here try mine . '' 
 he said while feeding her a piece of meat . 
 `` you are so obsessed about this other men thing , but i get it . 
 people would start to gossip and it might ruin your reputation . '' 
 she said while passing a fork with a piece of meat from her plate to him . 
 `` it 's not just that . 
 more importantly for me is that i ca n't bear the thought of anyone else getting close to you , or knowing something about you that i do n't . '' 
 `` you sound like you 're jealous . '' 
 she teased . 
 `` let me tell you a story , there was once a beetle who coveted a beautiful flower that he thought was a gift to a bee who was very near and dear to him . 
 even though all his life this beetle would always give anything he owned to the bee , whenever the bee asked him without exception , because he loved that bee so much . 
 but it turns out , the gardener had always intended to give the beautiful flower to the beetle , and not to the bee . 
 so naturally the beetle was very happy and grateful , he held the flower tightly not willing to let anyone else not even the bee , come near or touch it . 
 from the beginning , the beetle swore to himself that he will protect the flower from harm , even though he knows that the flower has many thorns and could protect herself . 
 because for him , that flower was the most precious thing he owned . '' 
 ali paused , `` what do you think about my little story ? '' 
 paramita took a napkin to wipe her lips , `` are the beetle and bee in a boy loves boy relationship ? '' 
 `` here , eat some more meat ! '' 
 ali said while pushing his fork near her mouth . 
 paramita wiped her lips again with the napkin to hide her smile . 
 ali stared at something in the distance , he looked stunned . 
 paramita followed the direction he was looking at , it was the table where dewi was sitting , `` ah , so your beautiful flower is meeting with another man ? '' 
 she said with an angry tone . 
 ali looked at her and could n't help but smile , `` so you do feel jealous towards me ? '' 
 he continued , `` it 's not that . 
 you know , that man is jonathan tan , my step uncle , he owns mountain records . 
 so that was the record company that dewi was meeting . 
 but that 's not the problem . 
 the problem is , that auntie who just walked in with him , does n't she look very familiar ? 
 where have i seen her before ? '' 
 he said while signaling with his head . 
 paramita turned around discretely to see what he was talking about , she could n't quite see the auntie he was talking about , but after looking at them for a while too was surprised `` abang , that 's not any auntie , that 's my mother . '' 
 `` mita , now we have a connection between your mother and holy mountain . 
 i think we should leave as soon as possible , we do n't know who our enemies are , and i do n't want to take any risks with your safety . 
 come on let 's go . '' 
 he said to her while standing up and grabbing hold of her arm . 
 paramita accidently fell forward because of ali pulling her , and that made the table screech as it slid on the ceramic floor . 
 the group turned around and looked at them . 
 soraya did n't expect to see her daughter there . 
 she walked over to them followed by everybody else in the group . 
 `` mita , my little girl , i did n't know you would be here tonight , why do n't you please introduce me to your companion . '' 
 she said pretending not to know who ali was . 
 ali smiled and answered before paramita could say anything . 
 `` bunda soraya , it 's nice to finally meet you . '' 
 he answered while taking her hand and kissing it . 
 `` jonathan , dewi , i would like to introduce you to my daughter , her highness puteri paramita sawitri , and this is her fiancée raden ali . '' 
 she introduced them . 
 `` thank you for introducing us , bunda . 
 i am well acquainted with you companions . '' 
 he answered , while putting his left arm around paramita 's waist and pulling her backward away from her mother . 
 `` congratulations ... congratulations ... nephew . 
 soraya , you might not know this , but ali is my nephew , he is the son of my sister 's husband . '' 
 jonathan said while smiling and giving ali a big embrace and shake on the hand . 
 `` and congratulations to you too my new niece . 
 he said to paramita . 
 `` look at us we are all one big family now . '' 
 `` i do n't want to be rude , but mita is not feeling too well right now , she has been sick these past few days . 
 please excuse us , we were just about to go home . '' 
 ali put on a smile . 
 `` are you sick ? 
 what do you have ? '' 
 asked jonathan . 
 `` a case of food poisoning . '' 
 paramita answered while looking at madam soraya through the corner of her eyes . 
 the latter seemed to be unaffected . 
 `` oh my , you have to make sure that you take good care of yourself . '' 
 he said to her . 
 `` if mita is sick , then the two of you should go ahead and go home now . 
 ananda ali , please take good care of my daughter . '' 
 soraya said . 
 * * * paramita sat quietly in the car leaning her head against the window , ali held her hand and squeezed it gently . 
 `` abang , do n't ever betray me , okay ? '' 
 she said without turning to him . 
 `` you 're the only person i have left , do n't disappoint me . '' 
 `` i wo n't , i promise . '' 
 he answered shortly . 
 `` do you want to visit the lotus palace tomorrow ? 
 we can check if they have finished with the renovations that ayahnda ordered and you can decide if you like the furniture or if you want to buy new ones . '' 
 he said to divert her mind . 
 she took a deep breath . 
 `` fine , we can go there . 
 truth be told , i do n't want to live in some ten bedroom palace . 
 especially one that 's only lent to me and that 's not mine . 
 i would prefer living in a small house , but my own . 
 i should sell my jewelry and buy myself a house . '' 
 `` what are you ranting about ? 
 if you do n't want to live in the lotus palace , then we wo n't live there , i 'm sure ayahnda will understand . 
 and what do you mean , sell your jewelry to buy a house ? 
 do you think this husband of yours is only good for sex ? '' 
 `` oh my goodness , i ca n't believe you said something like that . '' 
 she said while covering her face . 
 `` why are you still shy about it ? 
 i want us to be able to talk openly and comfortably about these things , this is the first step for us to be each other 's confidants . '' 
 he said to her . 
 `` i think i said this before , we only knew each other a little over a month , but we are going to spend the rest of our lives together , so we should start by opening up and saying what 's in our minds . 
 for example i did n't know that you did n't want to live in the lotus palace , why do n't you tell me what else you do n't want , or the things you do want , so there will be no feelings of discontent between us . '' 
 `` when did i agree to spend the rest of my life with you ? '' 
 she lifted her head and looked at him , `` but you 're right , there has to be a communication in the meantime . 
 the problem is , i just do n't know where to start . '' 
 he glanced at her while biting his lower lip , `` let 's start at our living arrangements . 
 i have a few properties around the city , some of them are rented out , but i do have a house that i bought about a year ago , that 's not occupied . 
 maybe you want to go and check it out ? '' 
 `` a house that you bought around a year ago ? '' 
 she repeated . 
 `` for what purpose ? 
 is this the house that you plan to live in after you marry dewi ? '' 
 ali did n't answer , he just took a deep breath . 
 `` no ! 
 i do n't want to live there . '' 
 she answered without waiting for his reply . 
 `` and if it is your dream house with her , then i do n't want to have anything to do with it . '' 
 `` mita , i 'm sorry that i made you upset again . '' 
 he said . 
 `` why do you have to apologize ? 
 it was me who came into your lives and tore you apart . '' 
 she said while turning her head away . 
 ali did n't say anything , they had arrived at the raden hamza 's house . 
 as soon as ali parked the car in front of the front door , paramita got off , and went straight into their room . 
 ali quickly followed behind her . 
 `` do n't be like that . 
 listen , i might have had a girlfriend before i knew you , but ever since you came into my life , there has been no one else for me . 
 i swear . '' 
 he said to her . 
 she pretended not to hear him , and entered directly to the bathroom locking the door behind her . 
 she splashed water on her face , not wanting him to see her cry . 
 he knocked on the door repeatedly , calling out her name very softly to not be heard from the outside . 
 she opened the door and walked out . 
 he was standing at the front of the door smiling . 
 `` why are you smiling ? '' 
 she asked in an angry tone . 
 `` come on , let 's wash up and go downstairs , i think that will help calm you down a bit . 
 we can talk about this again after we pray . '' 
 he said calmly . 
 she took a deep breath and nodded . 
 * * * after they finished the night prayer , ali asked her to go back to their room to talk . 
 she sat on the bed while he pulled a chair and sat in front of her . 
 `` i admit , i did buy that house with the idea of living there with dewi , long before i met you . 
 my life now is different from then . 
 now i only see you in my life , nobody else . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 if it would make you feel better , i 'll sell the house . '' 
 she looked at him , `` thank you . '' 
 she said . 
 `` i think we should temporarily live in the lotus palace , my father went out of his way to renovate it the way he thinks i would like it . 
 so as a good daughter i should show him my appreciation by living there . '' 
 `` okay , i understand . 
 then we 'll move there next week . '' 
 `` and since you said you were willing to sell your dream home with your ex-girlfriend , then after you sell it , we can use the money to buy a piece of land , where we will build a house that i will design . '' 
 he did n't answer , he just stood up and pulled her up from the bed into his arms then kissed her passionately . 
 she wanted to push him away , but her mind became blank , erased by the warmth of his lips . 
 she felt him lifting her body from the floor and gently lied her down on the soft bed . 
 paramita could n't remember why she was angry at the first place , she closed her eyes and allowed him to lead her through the moment . 
 * * * `` why do i feel manipulated ? '' 
 she asked partly to herself , partly to him , taking her eyes off the television set and lifting her head from his bare chest to look at him . 
 `` manipulated ? 
 that means you did like it when i made love to you . '' 
 he answered while caressing her shoulder . 
 `` did you like it ? '' 
 she asked him back without answering his question . 
 `` no ... ... i loved it . '' 
 he said . 
 `` i 'm addicted to making love to you , i 'm addicted to you ... '' she kissed his chest a few times as he held her tighter . 
 `` i think that i 'm in love with you . '' 
 she whispered . 
 he turned towards her abruptly making her fall backward on the bed . 
 he laid on top of her , pinning her body down . 
 he kissed her greedily , enjoying her wet lips on his . 
 `` i 'm glad that you feel that way about me too . '' 
 he whispered . 
 `` too ? '' 
 she barely succeeded to speak before his lips enclosed hers again . 
 `` i love you . '' 
 he whispered . 
 `` mmm . '' 
 she gasped as she felt his lips moving down towards her breast . 
 her back arched involuntarily when his fingers roamed her body , she moaned softly , `` bang ali . '' 
 `` call me again . '' 
 he whispered . 
 `` bang ali . '' 
 ali could n't hold himself back any longer , he pushed forward to feel her warmth surrounding him . 
 * * * she could n't feel happier lying there in his arms . 
 a sensation of peace filled her soul for the first time in a long time . 
 `` mita , '' he asked , `` tell me how your mother is usually with you ? '' 
 `` mama ? 
 when i was growing up , she was hardly at home . 
 she was always travelling for her work , i guess owning a top artist agency is not easy . '' 
 she said staring into the air , `` she was always strict in my upbringing , you know about my studies , she also made sure that i acted like a proper jothar woman . 
 she has always been obsessed with my chastity . '' 
 `` is that why you doubted that she was drugged although she was capable of forcing you to drink the pills in the bottle ? '' 
 `` pretty much . '' 
 she answered . 
 `` she insisted that i should drink it just in case i was pregnant . '' 
 `` pregnant ? 
 by me ? '' 
 `` crazy , right ? '' 
 `` well , at that time , it was crazy . 
 but not now ... ... '' he said with a cheeky smile . 
 `` as i said , she has always been obsessed with my chastity . '' 
 she answered ignoring his mischievous innuendo . 
 `` maybe we should tell her that you 're not doing a good job at saving yourself until our wedding night . '' 
 `` we have n't had our wedding reception , but we do have a written permit . '' 
 she defended . 
 he thought for a while , `` i was surprised to see how calm she was when she saw you . 
 she did n't seem to feel any guilt at all about what she did . 
 has she always been that way ? '' 
 `` she used to grab me , drag me and even smack me sometimes if i did something wrong , but she never did anything to this extent , she never attempted to hurt me like she did that day . 
 it was strange , the reason she was angry was typical of her , but her reaction was n't . '' 
 `` there 's something else that bothers me . 
 could it be just a coincidence that your mother , my step uncle and dewi were together ? '' 
 he wondered . 
 `` why would n't it be a coincident ? 
 i mean my mama is an artist promoter , your step uncle a music producer and dewi is a singer , it 's just that all three are connected to us in some way . '' 
 `` i do n't know , i have a bad feeling about this . 
 i 'm going to look into it . 
 how do you feel after seeing your mother again ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i have mixed feelings , i feel sad at her indifference , angry at her accusations , i kind of missed her , but i ca n't understand why she treats me the way she does . 
 when i was younger i used to cry myself to sleep asking myself why she does n't seem to love me , as i grew i became angry and wanted to rebel , although i never dared to go far with it . 
 now , i just want to understand why she is the way she is . '' 
 she said in a sad tone . 
 `` well , i do n't know what she 's thinking and why she treats you like that , but you can be sure that you 're not alone anymore , you have me now . 
 chapter twenty five `` puteri , there 's a call for you , it 's from your mother , '' maya said to her . 
 `` go ahead ananda , take the call , '' raden nabilla said while taking the spatula from her hand and continued to mix the dish they are cooking . 
 paramita washed her hand and dried them with a towel before accepting the wireless receiver from maya . 
 `` hello . '' 
 she said . 
 `` mita , i tried to call you to the east wing pavillion , but they told me you were at raden hamzah ´ s residence . 
 how are you , are you feeling better now ? '' 
 said the voice from the other side . 
 `` i am . '' 
 she answered curtly . 
 `` mita , i want to see you , can you come and meet me ? '' 
 soraya asked her . 
 paramita 's heart thumped at the invitation , she did n't know whether to feel happy or worried about it . 
 `` mama , i 'll have to ask my future husband first . 
 where can i reach you ? '' 
 `` oh right , how can i forget ? 
 i 'm staying at the wirakarta five star hotel , suite number 1040 , i want to meet you at the restaurant for lunch . '' 
 she explained . 
 `` okay , mama . 
 i will call you in a few minutes . '' 
 paramita replied . 
 she was about to dial ali 's number when a call entered . 
 `` hello . '' 
 she answered . 
 `` mita ? 
 how did you answer the phone so fast ? '' 
 ali 's voice on the other side . 
 `` abang , i just got off a call with my mother , and i was just about to call you . '' 
 she explained . 
 `` that 's nice of her to call you . '' 
 he said . 
 `` yeah , she wanted to meet me for lunch at her hotel . 
 so i was going to call you to ask if i can go . '' 
 `` well , the queen wanted me to tell you that she will be waiting for you this afternoon to fit your kebaya for tomorrow . 
 but since your mother called you to have lunch with her , you should go there , i think it will be a good opportunity for you to talk to her and find out her relationship with my uncle and holy mountain . 
 but i do n't want you to go up to her room , it 's too dangerous for you , you should wait for her at the restaurant where there will be a lot of people around you . '' 
 `` i understand . 
 okay , i will call her to let her know that i 'm going to meet her . '' 
 `` what hotel is she staying at ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` the wirakarta five star . '' 
 `` okay , just make sure you eat at the hotel restaurant and do n't accept to go to any other place with her . 
 i will have captain bagas to personally go with you , so wait for him to get there . '' 
 `` i do n't really need a bodyguard , i can take care of myself you know . '' 
 `` if it was anybody else you 're meeting , i totally agree . 
 but this is your mother , and i know you would let her kill you before you raise your hand against her , and i do n't want anything to happen to you . 
 so wait for captain bagas . '' 
 `` alright ! '' 
 `` i 'll see you this afternoon then . 
 take care . '' 
 he said . 
 `` bye . '' 
 ****** she decided to dress practically for her lunch date with her mother , dress pants and comfortable shoes , allowing her to move freely , and if necessary stomp her mother 's foot if she tried to attack her again . 
 captain bagas arrived with a driver , he opened the door for her to get in , and closed it behind her . 
 `` how do you do captain bagas . '' 
 she greeted him once he had sat down on the passenger side of the front seat . 
 `` i 'm doing well , your highness . 
 i 'm glad to see that you are doing fine also . 
 congratulations on your marriage . '' 
 he answered to her politely . 
 `` thank you ! 
 i think my husband already told you where we are going . '' 
 `` yes , mam . 
 he also ordered me to go with you inside the restaurant and wait until you have finished your business with you mother . '' 
 `` thank you , this is embarrassing , that i need to have a guard with me while i meet my mother . '' 
 she said to him . 
 `` not at all , mam . 
 i understand your husband 's concern . 
 you are a very strong woman and intelligent like we all saw in the jungle , but this is a very different circumstance than what we faced before . '' 
 he said carefully . 
 `` thank you again , captain . '' 
 she said . 
 the wirakarta five star was a modern high-rise building in the central district of wirakarta . 
 paramita went to the front desk to ask the receptionist to announce to her mother that she had arrived and was waiting for her at the restaurant . 
 there was hardly anybody there , it was quiet , traditional music sounded softly in the background to enhance the ambient . 
 a waiter came up to her and asked her if she already had reservations . 
 it turns out that madam soraya had reserved a seat in advance . 
 paramita felt uneasy when she saw that she was lead to a table for four . 
 she braced herself and sat down . 
 from the corner of her eye , she could see that captain bagas had already stationed himself at a table within eyesight away . 
 the waiter brought her a glass of water and asked her if she would like to see the menu or if she wanted to wait for the other guests to arrive . 
 `` i 'll wait . '' 
 she replied . 
 madam soraya appeared shortly after . 
 she dressed elegantly as always . 
 her skin and hair perfect and beautiful , making her look way younger than her real age . 
 paramita remembered how people would confuse them as sisters when they were seen together . 
 `` mita , my child . 
 it 's good to see you . '' 
 she said to her daughter . 
 paramita got up and kissed her on both cheeks . 
 madame soraya never liked the local custom for children to kiss their parent 's hand . 
 she would make sure that her daughter would greet her the `` international way '' so she called it . 
 they both sat down at the table . 
 the waiter came with the menu , `` we are waiting for a friend . '' 
 she told him , `` we will order once he gets here . '' 
 `` who are we waiting for ? '' 
 paramita asked . 
 `` it 's someone you know , do n't worry about it . 
 so i 'm still waiting for you to apologize '' soraya said . 
 `` apologize , me ? 
 what for ? '' 
 `` you do n't think there was anything wrong with your aggressive behavior towards me ? 
 you think that throwing me around like a piece of garbage is okay ? '' 
 soraya said to her angrily . 
 `` oh , do you mean the day you tried to kill me by overdosing me with ... exte ... uh ... pcp ? '' 
 mita answered with the same tone . 
 `` pcp ? 
 what are you talking about ? 
 what i made you drink was an herbal remedy . 
 to prevent you from becoming pregnant . '' 
 `` mother , i never had sex at the time , so there was no way i could become pregnant , i 'm not the virgin mary . 
 and that pill was not an herbal remedy , it was a very dangerous drug , i have the blood test from the royal hospital to prove it . 
 what you did was cause be to get high , psychotic and it could have cost me my life , and so if you got thrown around like garbage by me , it was because of your own doing . '' 
 paramita dropped her obedient daughter tone of speech . 
 `` dangerous drug ? 
 but that ca n't be . 
 my friend said it would n't harm you . 
 he told me that it would just prevent you from becoming pregnant , that 's all . '' 
 `` what friend mother ? '' 
 `` a friend , you do n't know him . '' 
 `` what friend mother ? 
 you tell me now ! '' 
 she said again almost yelling . 
 `` joni . 
 he sent me the issues of the tabloids and called me at the villa in france , he told me what had happened , he suggested that i take the earliest flight back to jothar and talk to him about the situation . 
 and out of good faith he gave me the herbal remedy . '' 
 `` joni , as in jonathan tan ? '' 
 `` yes , it was him . '' 
 she answered , her voice shaking . 
 `` mother , here 's what i see is wrong with this situation ; first how can you openly discuss my private matters with a stranger , second how can you trust a complete stranger over me , and third ... . . 
 oh my goodness , what were you thinking ? '' 
 paramita cried out with despair . 
 `` i did n't know ... mita , i 'm your mother . 
 how can you think that i will try to harm you ? '' 
 soraya said almost crying while reaching out for her daughter 's hand . 
 `` i 'm not thinking it , mother . 
 it 's proven by the blood test . '' 
 `` it has to be a mistake . '' 
 `` it 's not . '' 
 `` my baby . 
 please forgive me . 
 i did n't know . 
 you do know that i will never do anything to harm you . 
 you know that do n't you ? '' 
 she pleaded . 
 `` mother . 
 do me a favor . 
 do n't talk about what we talked about today with your friend . 
 in fact please , i beg you please do n't go and see him again . 
 please . 
 you will do that for me , wo n't you ? 
 you owe me that . '' 
 she thought for a moment . 
 `` you know that he is my future husband 's relative and it 's embarrassing that he thinks of me as a loose woman . '' 
 `` mita , i 'll do what you asked . '' 
 she stood up and walked over to her daughter , she gave her a hug and kissed her forehead . 
 `` mita , i know , i have n't been the best mother in the world . 
 but i want you to know , i love you . 
 you 're my only child left in this world . 
 how can i not love you ? '' 
 `` only child left in this world ? '' 
 paramita asked with surprised . 
 `` do you mean i had a brother or sister ? '' 
 soraya wiped her tears carefully with her handkerchief to not smudge her makeup , she sniffed and said , `` you had an older brother . 
 i was four months pregnant when i married your father . 
 we were n't able to marry by law , just by religion . 
 but when his then first wife found out about it she was very upset . 
 her family complained to the religious leaders , they said that the child i was carrying had no rights to be recognized by the father . 
 even though , we were already married , but i was pregnant out-of-wedlock , so my child was a bastard no matter what . 
 the pressure was too much for me , for more than a month i was in so much stress and depression that i had a miscarriage . '' 
 `` and then what happened ? '' 
 `` i was sick and hospitalized for a month . 
 i bled uncontrollably . 
 the doctors said that i could never have another child again . 
 but a year later , i found out that i was expecting you . 
 it was the happiest day of my life . 
 finally , i will have my own little baby . 
 your father wanted to officially take me as his third wife , but he did n't get permission from his other wives . 
 i finally realized that it was n't meant to be between him and me , so i left him to find my future . 
 i was two months pregnant when i immigrated to england . 
 my baby , i want you to understand that i do n't ever want to see you go through what i went through . 
 it was horrible . '' 
 `` mama , i know how it 's like to lose a child from the womb . 
 i mean , i never experienced it myself . 
 but i stayed by a friend who was pregnant and had an abortion . 
 she had complications and was hospitalized . 
 i was by her side at the hospital for a month . 
 she suffered greatly . '' 
 `` mita , so do you understand me now ? 
 do you understand why i was petrified when i heard the rumors that you were pregnant ? 
 and ... . 
 and i want you to know how unhappy i am that you are going to marry that man who your father chose for you . '' 
 `` mama ? '' 
 paramita felt appalled . 
 `` but you were the one who first told me to obey what my father wanted . 
 you insisted that i marry the man my father chose for me , you even went so far as to claim that the queen will take away all your assets . '' 
 `` but i did n't know that ali was already dating another woman and had already proposed to her . '' 
 `` well , it 's too late now , is n't it ? 
 if you had thought of this back then , all this would have never happened . 
 now i 'm already legally married to him , and the official wedding reception will be held tomorrow . '' 
 `` mita , it 's not too late . 
 it 's never too late . 
 we can still cancel or to save your father 's face you can ask for a divorce after a prudent time , we 'll leave the country and go back to england . '' 
 `` what makes you think that i want to leave him ? '' 
 `` you do n't want to leave him ? 
 oh my goodness , you 've slept with him , have n't you ? '' 
 `` mama ... ... ! '' 
 `` oh , mita ... '' `` we are already married , mother . '' 
 `` i know ... i know ... it does n't matter . 
 being married , it 's only natural that you 're not a virgin anymore . 
 do you love him ? '' 
 soraya asked . 
 `` i do , mama . 
 i do love him , very much . 
 he was the one who stayed by my side through all the difficult times , you know with the drugging and all . '' 
 she said trying to convince soraya without giving out too much information , `` and i 'm sure that he loves me too . '' 
 `` mita . 
 to prove to you how much i regret what i had done to you , i will support your decision to be with him . 
 but you must know , i do n't trust him . 
 i do n't think that he will be loyal to you . 
 a man who has loved another woman for three years , then suddenly fell in love with you and forgot about her , can easily do the same thing to you . 
 or you do n't know , maybe he has n't forgotten about her , and is seeing her behind your back . 
 i 've made up my mind . 
 i am going to live here in jothar until i can be 100 % sure that you 're going to be alright . '' 
 `` well , that 's the first time . 
 usually , you never worry about me that much . '' 
 `` because , i was always confident that you would be responsible and decent girl . 
 now i have pushed you into the arms of that unreliable man , so i have to make sure that he does n't hurt my baby . '' 
 `` good afternoon beautiful ladies ... '' a familiar voice greeted them from behind . 
 `` ananda hafiz , i worried you were n't going to show up . 
 mita , i do n't think i need to introduce you to your brother-in-law . '' 
 chapter twenty six `` no , that wo n't be necessary , '' paramita replied . 
 `` auntie soraya , maybe you do n't know this . 
 mita and i go way back , we 've known each other before she was even engaged to my brother . '' 
 hafiz explained . 
 `` oh really ? 
 i did n't know that . 
 tell me about it . '' 
 `` we studied together in university , mama . '' 
 `` is that so ? '' 
 the waiter interrupted them to take the order . 
 `` my daughter and i will have a tuna salad , `` what will you have hafiz ? '' 
 madam soraya turned to him . 
 `` please get me a lasagna and orange juice . '' 
 `` since when did you eat lasagna ? '' 
 paramita asked him . 
 `` since a certain young woman called me a fish in a pond a few years ago for , not trying it . '' 
 he replied looking at her with a gentle look . 
 soraya coughed to get their attention . 
 `` mita , i have asked your brother-in-law here today , so he can help me explain about his brother 's relationship with dewi . 
 i have spoken to her , oh well you know , i met with her the other night . 
 she wanted to talk to me about her relationship with your husband , she even arranged for me to meet with hafiz to confirm her story . 
 according to her , your husband never officially broke up with her . 
 he only apologized to her for going ahead with marrying you . 
 do n't you see ? 
 that means he left the door opened for when he wants to go back to her . '' 
 paramita did n't say anything . 
 she thought about her mother 's word . 
 `` mita , my brother is a very faithful man . 
 he 's not like ... he 's not like me . 
 i think all his life he only ever had two or three girlfriends , and he broke up with them for reasons other than another woman if you understand what i 'm saying . '' 
 `` i do . 
 that 's the more reason to feel certain that he would n't cheat on me , right ? '' 
 `` mita , you heard it yourself from your mother . 
 dewi said that he has n't broken up with her . 
 he can be planning to get back with her . '' 
 he paused when the waiter delivered to food . 
 `` thank you , '' he said to the young man . 
 `` you 're such a loyal brother are n't you ? 
 i 've never heard abang talk bad about you or judge you behind your back . 
 and now you 're saying these things to me , his wife ? '' 
 she said sharply . 
 `` mita , do n't be so mean to hafiz . 
 he only wants to help you . '' 
 soraya mediated . 
 `` mama , did you know that i used to have a crush on this raden hafiz ? 
 when i was studying in university . 
 but he never looked twice at me . 
 the moment he knew that i was going to marry his brother , he actually confessed to me . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 soraya asked shocked . 
 `` hafiz is that true ? '' 
 `` auntie soraya , i made a mistake , i never realized what and how much i felt for mita until i knew i was going to lose her . 
 but that 's not the problem now . 
 the reason , that i 'm saying these things , is because i do n't want to see mita get hurt again , the way i hurt her before in the past . 
 i realize that mita has moved on from me and that i missed my chance , but if she was to be with anyone else . 
 i want to make sure that she 'll get the love she deserves , and not someone who has his heart someplace else . '' 
 `` hafiz , my happiness has nothing to do with you . 
 right now , i 'm married , a newlywed , and i do n't need to listen to your ill wishes to me . '' 
 `` are you sure you 're in love with him or is he replacing me ? '' 
 `` how can you think that , i mean look at the two of you , he 's white and your lightly tanned , your eyes are black and slanted , and his are almond-shaped and honey colored , your hair is straight and his is ... '' `` i get it ... i get it ... '' `` young man , i do n't think your attempt to steal your brother 's wife is honorable ! '' 
 soraya said to him . 
 `` auntie , i 'm not doing any such thing . 
 like i said before , all i want is to see mita happy . 
 it 's okay if she does n't end up with me . 
 she 's a very dear friend and i do n't want to see her get hurt . '' 
 `` i appreciate what you are trying to do for my daughter , but now since i know your feelings for her , i do n't think it would be proper for us to take account your word . 
 granted , your argument does make sense , and i as mita 's mother do worry about her situation and i would n't want her to suffer in the future . 
 but we would solve this problem ourselves . '' 
 `` auntie ... '' `` that 's enough ... let 's finish our meal and let 's not talk about this anymore . '' 
 paramita was surprised to see ali and raden hamza walking in through the door of the restaurant . 
 she saw the waiter greeting them , she could n't make out what they were talking about , but she saw them both walking towards their table . 
 she could see that ali was angry and unhappy that hafiz was having lunch with her and her mother . 
 `` good afternoon , bunda soraya , what a surprise meeting you here . 
 my father and i had come out of a meeting nearby , we wanted to have a cup of coffee . '' 
 `` madam soraya , it 's good to finally meet you again . '' 
 raden hamza greeted her . 
 `` raden hamza , how long has it been ? 
 a little more than twenty years was it ? '' 
 `` madam , it is a pleasure to see you again , of course we are family now since our children are married , '' raden hamza said to her . 
 `` raden hamza , this is something that i 'd like to discuss with you . 
 and fortunately ali and mita are here . '' 
 she said on purposely not using honorifics to address her son in law . 
 `` please , why do n't we speak of a cup of coffee ? '' 
 he replied . 
 `` is it necessary for hafiz to join us ? '' 
 `` yes , he should stay . '' 
 she replied . 
 ali had an uneasy feeling from the moment captain bagas called him to report that hafiz was there at the restaurant with his wife and mother in law . 
 he was rushing out of the sultan ´ s palace to head to the restaurant when he passed by his father in the hall . 
 raden hamza calmed him down and came with him to avoid an unwanted incident between his two sons . 
 ali pulled a chair and sat beside paramita , he took her hand in his and held it on his lap . 
 madam soraya glanced at them . 
 `` and how is raden nabilla ? '' 
 soraya said making small talk . 
 `` my wife is fine , she is happy with her new daughter in law . 
 and she 's busy helping with the preparation for tomorrow . '' 
 `` ah , now i feel bad for , not taking part in it . 
 but then again , i do n't think the queen will be very happy to see me . 
 imagine that i have to help my daughter 's wedding as a guest . '' 
 she said while fixing her hair . 
 `` speaking of the wedding , i was telling mita , that i was not exactly happy with the choice of husband that her father had married her too . '' 
 `` madam , are you not satisfied with my son ali as your son in law ? '' 
 raden hamza asked . 
 `` what is it about ali that does n't go well with madam soraya ? '' 
 ali held paramita 's hand tighter , causing her to winch . 
 `` raden hamza , i want to tell you that when i heard from the sultan that he intended to marry mita to ali , i was very happy . 
 i have known how he was since he was a boy , and i have only good impressions of him . 
 in fact , it was me who insisted for mita to go ahead and obey her father 's wishes '' she paused , `` but that was before i knew that ali had already promised marriage to another woman . 
 something that i found out only recently . 
 in fact , if i remembered right , even my daughter at one time mentioned that her future husband was in love with another woman . '' 
 `` madam , i assure you that my son is an honorable man , he would not do anything irresponsible to his wife . '' 
 `` raden , the sultan is an honorable man and never really did anything irresponsible or he was always ready to take responsibility for his actions . 
 he is very responsible , to his wives , and even to his ex-concubine and all his children . 
 do you understand my point ? 
 he is a responsible husband to a hand full of women . 
 i do n't want my daughter to live that kind of life . '' 
 she pointed out . 
 `` bunda , i promise you that i will be faithful to mita and will never disappoint her , '' ali said to her . 
 `` was n't that the same promise that you made to dewi chandrawati ? 
 because that was what she told me last night . 
 and now you 're married to my daughter and dewi 's crying in disappointment . '' 
 soraya said emotionally . 
 `` who 's to say that my daughter would n't have the same fate ? 
 also , according to dewi , you never ended your relationship with her , you only avoided her , apologizing because you plan to go ahead with the marriage . 
 why is that ? 
 are you hoping that she will keep a torch burning for you , so you can go back to her after you have mita under control ? '' 
 `` bunda , that ´ s not true , i have ended it with her , and i never crossed my mind to go back to her , i. ... . '' 
 `` raden ali , i might not be the best mother in the world , but i will never allow anyone to play with my daughter 's feelings . '' 
 she paused for a while , `` i 'm going to talk bluntly if anyone might think i 'm vulgar , i am apologizing up front . 
 ali , mita is a beautiful and attractive young woman . 
 i 'm sure a woman like my daughter can easily awake desire and passion in men . 
 now that you have had your way with her , how long till you get bored and want to return to the one who owns your heart ? '' 
 `` bunda , i 'm sorry for what dewi is going through and all the pain i caused her , that 's why i apologized to her . 
 the feelings i had for dewi could not be compared to what i feel for mita . 
 dewi was my girlfriend for three years , but i never felt for her what i feel for my wife . 
 i do n't need to return to anyone , because the person who owns my heart is already by my side . 
 dewi does n't mean anything to me anymore , she 's merely a part of my past now . '' 
 `` i hope you 're sincere . 
 but either way , mita has admitted her feelings for you , so i suppose there 's nothing i can do to make her come to her senses . 
 but i 'll be keeping my eye on you ! '' 
 she warned him . 
 `` as for you hafiz , in front of your father and brother i want to say that i hope you would forget my daughter , you had your chance and you blew it . 
 respect her as your sister in law . 
 your attempt to show affection can easily create conflict between ali and mita . 
 if you 're serious about , not wanting to see mita get hurt , think about that ! '' 
 `` hafiz , you know even if i was n't with bang ali , i will never be with you , ever ! '' 
 paramita said , holding back her sadness she added , `` she bled for one month and had several complications , i was by her side the whole time , not knowing if she would survive or not . 
 although she finally did , but the doctors had to remove her womb to save her life . 
 you never once bothered to come and visit her . 
 she actually wanted to keep the baby , but because you and her parents refused it , she had no other choice but to abort it . '' 
 `` ananda , what happened ? 
 an abortion ? 
 who is this woman you are talking about ? 
 what does she have to do with my son ? '' 
 `` mita , we should go now , '' ali said while standing from his chair , `` we should let hafiz and father talk . 
 and you have another appointment . '' 
 `` mama , we 're leaving now , we 'll talk again later . '' 
 `` bye , darling . 
 take care . '' 
 soraya said while kissing her cheeks . 
 * * * they left the hotel in ali 's car . 
 captain bagas stayed behind to wait for raden hamza . 
 `` why was hafiz there ? '' 
 ali asked her . 
 `` your goddess arranged for him and my mother to talk about your relationship with her . '' 
 she answered sarcastically . 
 `` my goddess ? 
 i only believe in one god ! '' 
 he answered with the same tone . 
 `` do n't play dumb ! 
 you know who i 'm referring to . '' 
 she said . 
 `` maybe this marriage was a bad idea , after all . '' 
 ali suddenly stopped the car causing paramita to be thrown forward and pressed against her seatbelt . 
 `` do n't ever say that . 
 in our marriage , there 's only you and me . 
 not your parents , not mine , and certainly not any bitter exes or former crushes . 
 they can do whatever they want and say whatever they want to say , but the two of us belong together . 
 and our success depends on us . 
 i love you and you love me , and that 's all that matters . '' 
 `` i think that 's the main question that everybody is asking , why and how ? '' 
 `` why and how , what ? '' 
 `` why do you love me ? 
 how is it possible that you fell in love with me in such a short time ? 
 everybody close to you sees you as this super loyal faithful boyfriend who never turns his head to other women . 
 okay , so you admit you married me for you ambitions , what happens after you 've successfully become minister ? '' 
 she paused and sighed , `` never mind , i think that what my mother and hafiz are saying is valid , and their worries are also valid . 
 fortunately , i 'm not as weak and fragile as they think i am . '' 
 `` why would n't it be possible ? '' 
 `` huh ? '' 
 `` even if i did marry you for the title and position . 
 why is it impossible that i really fell in love with you ? 
 and why would it be impossible for me to cheat on dewi with you ? '' 
 `` come again ! '' 
 `` why do people think that it 's impossible for me to fall in love with you despite i was still dating dewi at the time ? '' 
 `` i do n't know ... . 
 maybe it 's because you 've never done it before , i mean if you were like your brother , people would n't be so surprised . '' 
 `` that 's because i have n't met you yet . 
 that 's why i never cheated . 
 who 's to say that even though i had married dewi and had kids with her , that at the moment i see you i would n't want to send everything to hell , abandon my wife and kids to be with you . 
 because that 's the way i felt after visiting you at the palace that night . 
 i mean i left my house attracted to you and feeling guilty towards my girlfriend , but i left the sultan 's palace determined to make you mine . '' 
 `` oh , come on , you do n't have to use that cheap tricks to sugar coat me , i remember when i came to your office , you wanted to persuade me to refuse the marriage . '' 
 `` did i ? 
 what did i say ? 
 how did i say it ? '' 
 `` you said ... . 
 um ... what did you say ? 
 well , you started to talk about your relationship with dewi , and after that about me not wanting to get married , and ... what else ? '' 
 `` i did n't say anything else , you started talking without even listening to me . '' 
 he paused and looked at her , `` you should know by now that i do n't sugar coat . '' 
 he started the car again and began to drive . 
 `` they say that if a man had cheated once , there 's a good chance that he might do it again . '' 
 she continued to interrogate him . 
 `` you know ... '' `` wait , wait a minute , '' she said while shaking her hands cutting his words . 
 `` before you say anything , promise me one thing , one thing only ... '' `` what is it ? '' 
 `` if ever in the future , you fall for anybody else . 
 just straight up tell me , do n't cheat , do n't lie , and do n't sneak around behind my back . 
 promise me that you 'll be honest and tell me . 
 and i promise that i 'll walk away from your life , and let you go without making it difficult for you . '' 
 `` and you can do that ? 
 let me go just like that ? '' 
 he looked at her in disbelief . 
 `` it 'll be difficult , and i 'd be sad and heartbroken if i ever lose you , but life goes on , and it 's better if we separate in a civilized and friendly manner and end up with a bitter grudge , especially if we have children between us . '' 
 she replied carefully . 
 `` fine ! 
 i promise although i have no intentions of ever falling for anybody else . 
 but i want the same from you if you ever fall for somebody else , will you promise to tell about it ? '' 
 he asked turning his head to her . 
 `` i promise . '' 
 `` good ... ... , that way i can find him and kill him for trying steal my wife . '' 
 ali stepped on the gas pedal without a warning . 
 `` hey , not fair ... '' paramita grabbed the dashboard to sustain herself . 
 `` i 'm serious . 
 i will do it ! 
 as long as i live you 're mine . '' 
 `` and you 're not ? '' 
 `` i never said that , you and everybody else assume that i would find another woman or go back to dewi . 
 your mother seems to think that i only want to get you into my bed , my brother thinks that i 'm with you because people tell me to , you think that i 'm not serious about you for who knows why . 
 i keep telling you and everyone else that i 'm helplessly in love with you and that you 're the one and only for me . 
 but no one believes me they think i 'm going to leave you because i 'm an honest and faithful man who never cheats on his woman . 
 what is wrong with you people ? '' 
 he slammed his fist on the steering wheel . 
 `` i 'm crazy about you , '' paramita said not knowing what else to say . 
 `` that 's why i feel i should reserve part of my heart for you , just in case you 'll tear it apart . '' 
 `` do n't , you do n't need to reserve anything for me because i 've surrendered everything to you . '' 
 `` it 's not that easy for me . '' 
 she whispered . 
 chapter twenty seven `` hmm ... so it was jonathan tan ? 
 and he even went so far as to locate your mother in france and called her to make her fly back here . '' 
 `` that 's what mama told me , ayahnda . '' 
 she replied . 
 `` mita , do you know how bunda soraya got acquainted with my step uncle ? '' 
 ali asked . 
 `` no , unfortunately i do n't know , but that would n't be too hard to find out . 
 they are both high profile people from the entertainment industry , i 'm sure there will be some news or gossip in the tabloids . '' 
 she said . 
 `` you know who would have access to that ? 
 rahmat . '' 
 ali said , `` his sister works at jothar post . '' 
 `` i 'll call him later to ask his help . '' 
 paramita volunteered . 
 `` do n't worry about it , i 'll call him myself and talk to him about it , '' ali replied to her . 
 `` mita , we have a guest room here in the palace ready for you , you will have to stay here tonight . 
 you have to start getting ready very early in the morning . '' 
 `` ayahnda , i 'll take mita to get her things from the house and bring her back here later . '' 
 `` very well . '' 
 he helped her bring down her shoulder bag , and bid her goodbye at the bottom of the stairway , before walking back to his car to drive home . 
 ali felt something missing , they had just lived together for less than a week , but he had gotten used to the idea of having paramita waiting for him to get home . 
 now he has to go home to an empty room . 
 he was about to read a book , when there was a knock on the door . 
 `` raden , there is a guest looking for you downstairs , '' maya said while knocking on the door . 
 `` who is it ? '' 
 he asked , not really in the mood to see anybody . 
 `` raden . 
 it 's miss dewi ... . '' 
 she whispered . 
 `` go tell my mother about the visitor , and tell her that i asked her to accompany me to talk to dewi . '' 
 `` yes sir . '' 
 ali wondered whether it 's a coincidence that she came here when paramita was spending the night at the palace , or if she knew beforehand . 
 the door opened and raden nabilla came in , `` what does she want ? '' 
 she whispered . 
 `` i do n't know , mother . 
 but can you please keep me company while i talk to her . '' 
 `` of course , we would n't want you to get into trouble with your wife . '' 
 he helped her walk down the stairway and into the living room where dewi was waiting , she looked up at ali , and was about to run into his arms like she used to , but seeing raden nabilla with him , made her realize that things had changed between them . 
 `` ananda dewi , what a pleasant surprise , i have n't seen you in quite a while , how have you been doing ? '' 
 `` raden nabilla , good evening . 
 i 'm getting by , how about you ? '' 
 `` i 've been very busy lately , preparing for the big event . '' 
 `` i see . 
 abang , can we speak , please . '' 
 she said directly not wanting to waste her time . 
 `` let me arrange for some refreshments , '' raden nabilla said while standing up and walking to the door . 
 `` sure , dewi . 
 what 's on your mind ? '' 
 `` abang , it 's been hard on me , to lose you this way . 
 we did n't get a chance to speak properly at the event . '' 
 `` i tried to communicate with you , but you were busy , then things just got out of hand , so we never got a chance to talk about it . '' 
 `` do n't you love me anymore ? '' 
 she asked him straightforwardly . 
 `` dewi , do n't do this to yourself . 
 it 's time for you to move on . 
 i 'm already married , i love my wife . 
 she 's the only person that i want to spend the rest of my life with . '' 
 `` how can you forget me so easily ? '' 
 `` what can i say ? 
 i 'm sorry . 
 i 've never met anybody like her before , i just could n't help myself . '' 
 `` just like that ? 
 you 're not going to tell me anything else ? '' 
 `` like what ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , maybe say that you were weak , you fell into temptation or you made a mistake , or something else to justify what you did to me . '' 
 `` i do n't want to justify anything . 
 it was an order of the sultan that i became engaged to her , and then i fell madly in love with her for many things , even i ca n't explain , it just happened . 
 i realized i hurt you badly . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` i do n't know you anymore , how can you say it so coldly and not show any signs of remorse . '' 
 `` dewi , i regret hurting you , i really do . 
 and again , i can never apologize enough for it . 
 but i do n't regret finding her and having her in my life . 
 it was the best thing that ever happened to me . '' 
 raden nabilla came back in followed by maya who was carrying a tray of snacks and drinks . 
 `` dewi , my dear . 
 please do n't cry anymore . '' 
 she said , `` it 's time to forget and move on . 
 why hang on to someone who is already married to another . '' 
 `` but she will never love abang as much as i do , she 'll never love you like me . '' 
 ali pondered for a while , `` dewi , you might be right . 
 i know that she loves me at some level , and maybe not as much as you , she doubts my feelings for her , and she 's holding back . 
 but she 's mine now , so i will make her fall in love with me completely . 
 and if i do n't succeed , i do n't really care . 
 i have enough love for the both us . '' 
 this made dewi cry harder . 
 `` ali , how can you be so insensitive . '' 
 raden nabilla reproached . 
 `` dewi , here . 
 drink this my dear . 
 calm down , everything is going to be alright . 
 you still have your career , your fame , your family . 
 you 'll forget about this and be able to move on . '' 
 `` dewi , speaking about your career . 
 the other night i saw you with my uncle jonathan . '' 
 ali said digging for information . 
 `` with my brother ? '' 
 raden nabilla asked . 
 `` mountain records approached me , they offered a better contract deal for me and they offered to pay my indemnification for breaking my contract with the previous company . 
 so now i 'm with them . '' 
 `` congratulations my dear , '' raden nabilla said . 
 `` see your career is improving . '' 
 `` dewi , why would a record company with target market for rock music and boy bands , contract you who 's from a different genre altogether ? '' 
 `` ali , if you ca n't say something nice and positive , just be quiet . '' 
 whispered raden nabilla . 
 `` what about madam soraya ? 
 she was with the two of you . '' 
 he asked again . 
 `` joni introduced us , he wanted madam soraya to be my agent . 
 but she turned down the offer , today . 
 her daughter probably told to do that to make it difficult on me . '' 
 `` my wife is not like that . '' 
 ali responded . 
 `` if she had a grudge against you , she 's more likely to come up and punch you right away . '' 
 `` ali ... ! '' 
 raden nabilla pinched his side . 
 `` dewi why did you come today of all days ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` joni gave me permission to leave the studio , he understands my feelings . 
 today is the last day before the wedding reception . '' 
 he took a deep breath . 
 `` even though tomorrow is the reception , but mita and i have been married for a week now . 
 dewi , look at this as an opportunity to advance your career , you just signed a new contract , that 's a good new opportunity for you . 
 i remember when we were together , you felt torn between spending time with me and your work schedule . 
 now you can focus on one thing . 
 you and me , we 're just not meant to be . '' 
 `` if you were in my shoes , and someone stole away the person you love , can you just forget about it ? 
 she does n't love you , one day you 'll realize that and come back looking for me . '' 
 she said beginning to be hysterical . 
 `` i 'll never leave her . '' 
 `` i hope she 'll leave you , just like what you did to me . 
 i hope you 'll feel the pain that i have to go through . '' 
 `` if she ever leaves me , then i 'll follow her to the end of the world until she comes back to me , even if i have to spend the rest of my life waiting . '' 
 `` what if she finds someone else and forgets you . '' 
 `` that 's my problem , not yours . 
 look , there is no sense in you waiting for me . 
 go home , you 're wasting your time here . 
 maya will show you out . 
 mother , i 'm going back to my room now . 
 good night . '' 
 he stood up and left without turning around . 
 `` dewi , i think you should go home now , do you want me to call you a taxi ? '' 
 raden nabilla asked . 
 `` it wo n't be necessary , joni had lent me his car and driver , and he 's waiting for me outside . '' 
 she said in between sobs . 
 `` okay , wipe your tears and calm down , it would be embarrassing if someone saw you like this . '' 
 `` raden nabilla , can you please talk to abang and make him come to his sense . '' 
 `` but my dear , he 's right . 
 he 's already married to someone else . 
 you should n't try to come between them . 
 what you and he had in the past has already gone . 
 dating someone is not the same as marriage . 
 you should move on with your life . 
 you are a very pretty and successful young woman , there will be someone out there who will love you and appreciate you more than ... , more than my son . '' 
 * * * raden nabilla knocked on ali 's door . 
 he opened it and she came in . 
 `` you could have treated her a little better and acted more sympathetically . 
 you acted like a brute and chauvinistic man . '' 
 `` if i showed her signs of sympathy she 'll just act out and become more hysterical , i know her . '' 
 he replied . 
 `` luckily my brother sent his driver to accompany her , i ca n't imagine if she had to take a taxi in that condition . '' 
 `` he did ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` huh ! 
 i wonder ... '' ali said to himself . 
 `` is it true what you said to dewi ? 
 about your feelings for ananda puteri , is it true ? 
 or did you just say that the discourage her ? '' 
 `` it 's true , it 's all true . '' 
 `` you 've changed . '' 
 she said while looking at him , `` i do n't know if it 's a good thing or a bad thing , you 're not the person you used to be . 
 please think about that . 
 your brother ... '' `` my brother is chasing after my wife . 
 i have some patience with him , but it 's wearing off . 
 i want him to stop trying to meet her behind my back or persuade her to leave me . '' 
 `` meet her behind your back ? 
 i do n't know what you 're talking about . '' 
 `` today he was at the restaurant with mita and madam soraya . 
 even madam soraya told him off when she realized his intentions . 
 i mean it , if he keeps trying to come between me and my wife , i wo n't forgive him . '' 
 * * * he sat in the darkening room . 
 his mother 's tears made him feel bad , but he was determined not to be moved by her sadness . 
 she was innocent in all this , but the people around her were intentionally trying to harm his wife . 
 he closed his eyes wishing that she was here by his side to share his restlessness . 
 they had only been apart for a few hours , and he is already feeling empty inside . 
 there was a subtle knock at the door , raden hamah did n't wait for him to answer to come inside . 
 he closed the door behind him and turned on the light . 
 `` how are you feeling ? '' 
 raden hamza said while putting his hand on his son 's shoulder . 
 ali shook his head in despair . 
 `` your mother told me about dewi 's visit ... '' `` for some strange reason , '' ali cut his father 's words , `` at this moment , i ca n't find it in me to care about dewi . 
 i 'm too worried about mita . 
 about everything that had happened to her , about our relationship , about our future . 
 everything . '' 
 `` talk to me , i ca n't help you if you do n't tell me what 's weighing on your mind . '' 
 `` when i first heard that i was supposed to marry mita , i was shaken because i had other plans . 
 but as an obedient son , and subject , i complied with what you as my father and the sultan as my sovereign ordered me to do . 
 i put all my strength to leave dewi behind and move on to accept my future wife , to accept our marriage , and be a good future husband . '' 
 ali swallowed his spit , `` but then i got to know her , and discovered that we had many things in common , she makes me feel comfortable , with her i do n't have to pretend to be what i 'm not , she laughs at my jokes , and we can talk about many things . 
 she looks strong but she 's emotionally vulnerable and lonely , i do n't know why i 'm compelled to protect her and fill her void . 
 but more importantly for some strange reason , she makes me very happy and complete like i 've never been before . '' 
 `` so what 's the problem ? '' 
 raden hamza 's brow joint together in the bridge of his nose . 
 `` i know she wants to be with me , she says that she loves me too . 
 but she 's like a dove , one wrong movement and she 'll fly away from me . 
 why does n't she believe my feelings for her ? '' 
 he looked at his father . 
 `` ali , yours is a matter of time and patience . 
 look at it this way , if she were a dove , she was handed to you right into your hands . 
 now it 's up to you to make her trust you enough to stay . 
 if you love her like you claim you do , then win her heart , even if the two of you are already married , you have to court her , just like any man courts the woman he 's in love with . '' 
 raden hamza smiled . 
 * * * after his father left , he picked up the phone to call her . 
 it rang four or five times before he heard her warm familiar voice on the other side of the line , `` hello , do you miss me already ? '' 
 she opened the conversation . 
 `` i feel like i 'm going to die from anxiety . '' 
 he answered . 
 `` awww , i miss you too , luckily it 's just one night . '' 
 she replied cheekily . 
 `` i know , but i wanted to let you know something before you hear it from somebody else and misunderstand me . '' 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 `` dewi came to the house just now . '' 
 `` is that so ? 
 what did she want ? '' 
 `` she wanted an explanation , and why i could easily forget her . '' 
 he explained . 
 `` well , those are not unreasonable reasons . 
 what did you tell her ? '' 
 `` i told her that i am sorry for what happened , but we 're married now , and i 'm head over heels in love with you , and that i want to be with you forever . '' 
 `` goodness , she must have felt bad hearing that . '' 
 `` well , what else could i do ? 
 it 's better to be up front than leading somebody on . '' 
 `` you 're right about , not leading her on . 
 i feel bad for her . 
 in this case , i am the other woman , the boyfriend thief . '' 
 `` do n't look at it that way , we are together because of fate , you did n't know me until we were actually engaged to be married . '' 
 he said , `` but i did get some more information on her connection with jonathan tan , apparently he approached her and offered a very juicy contract for her . 
 which i think is strange , because he does n't usually produce the kind of songs that dewi sings . 
 he also wanted your mother to be dewi 's agent . 
 your mother refused though . '' 
 `` hmmm , so this jonathan tan seems to be in the center of everything . '' 
 paramita wondered . 
 `` it seems that way , but who else from his family is involved ? 
 and what are their motives ? '' 
 `` and how does this fit in with pangeran bashir my uncle ? '' 
 `` i 'll let you go now , i have to make my evening prayers . 
 it 's getting late . '' 
 `` okay , my sisters are arriving soon , i 'm going to be introduced to them . '' 
 `` have fun then , '' ali said , `` i love you ... '' paramita did n't see that coming , she was rendered silent for a while , `` thank you . '' 
 she replied . 
 chapter twenty eight paramita hung up the call and held the phone to her chest while smiling . 
 realizing that she was acting like a love-struck adolescent girl , she blushed and quickly threw the phone on the bed . 
 she went to the mirror to fix her makeup . 
 `` ananda puteri , your sisters are here , '' puteri siti hamidah said while opening the door . 
 `` bunda siti , i 'm coming , '' paramita said with excitement . 
 puteri siti hamidah is her father 's second wife , a princess from a small sultanate that exist only for its cultural and historical heritage , but without any political power at all . 
 she is in her early forties , not so tall and had gained a little weight through the years . 
 paramita liked her a lot , because of her carefree and light-hearted nature . 
 not uptight and bitter like the queen . 
 they went out of the bedroom linking arms , the three princesses had arrived a little bit earlier , they had been to their respective rooms and are now gathered together in the inner living room . 
 they were happily chatting with each other . 
 paramita felt a pang of jealousy , although she had sisters , she never knew them and spent all of her life as the only child . 
 `` look who 's here ... `` puteri siti hamidah said with a cheerful voice . 
 , `` this is your youngest sister mita ... '' the three of them stood up , paramita assessed that her sisters had significant age difference from her , even her sister who is directly above her must be in her early thirties . 
 `` mita , this is your older sister who is directly above you , kak nurbaiti . 
 kak nurbaiti is the daughter of permaisuri , and these are my daughters , just like you . 
 this is kak mini and kak tini . '' 
 `` mita , you are as beautiful as bunda siti described , is n't she ? '' 
 puteri nurbaiti said to her sisters , `` i hope you 'll be able to turn raden ali 's head from that famous singer he 's been dating . 
 otherwise , he may take a lover within a few months after marrying you '' the tone of her voice made paramita feel uneasy . 
 `` yes she is beautiful , and of course she will be able to win her future husband 's affection , '' puteri karmini replied with a smile . 
 `` adik , why did n't you come to live with us sooner , now all three of us , no , all four of us a married , and we wo n't have enough time to get to know you better , '' puteri hartini added . 
 `` sisters , thank you for receiving me so well as your little sister , i 'm very happy , '' paramita said . 
 `` ah , look at all my lovely daughters gathering in one place , '' the sultan exclaimed as he entered the room with the queen at his side . 
 `` salam ayahnda . '' 
 they all said then one by one they kissed his hand and the queen 's . 
 `` ayahnda , where is kakanda abdurrahman , why is n't he joining us tonight ? '' 
 puteri nurbaiti asked . 
 paramita observed silently as she saw the sultan glanced at the queen , upon seeing her husband 's eyes , the queen looked down and bit her lips . 
 paramita thought that this was strange . 
 `` the plane got delayed because of bad weather , he 'll probably land tomorrow morning . '' 
 `` i feel bad for him , '' paramita said , `` he must be tired of tomorrow . '' 
 `` not too tired , not like us , he got to use the private jet , '' puteri karmini said to her . 
 through the corner of her eyes , paramita could see that the queen was about to say something , but the sultan gestured her not to . 
 `` so there is a family secret that they 're keeping . '' 
 paramita thought to herself . 
 `` ananda paramita , '' the queen dismissed her , `` i think you should go back to your room and rest , you have a big day ahead of you tomorrow . '' 
 `` the old bag wants to get rid of me right away . '' 
 paramita thought , then said , `` i , ibunda permaisuri . 
 ayahnda , ibunda siti , and sisters , please excuse me . '' 
 she turned to a left them , she could briefly see puteri siti hamidah sneering towards the queen 's direction . 
 * * * in her room , paramita could n't help but wonder what secrets are the sultan and queen keeping that they ca n't even say it to their family . 
 but if she had to make a wild guess it had something to do with the crown prince . 
 she looked at her watch , the night was still young . 
 she entered the bathroom and washed herself getting ready for the night prayers . 
 praying for patience in facing the treatment she received from the queen , for the attempts to her life , and for the trials that will come in the future . 
 not able to keep to herself any longer , partly because of the queens treatment , and partly because of curiosity , she took her phone and called ali . 
 `` are you still awake , mita ? 
 do you need me to cuddle you to sleep ? '' 
 he said answering the call . 
 `` are you crazy ? 
 what if it was somebody else who called you ? '' 
 `` who would call me on the night before my wedding ? '' 
 `` who knows ? 
 you got a house call did n't you ? '' 
 `` are you jealous ? '' 
 `` umm , maybe , '' she could hear him smiling . 
 `` abang , you know something strange is going on here . '' 
 `` there ? 
 in the palace ? 
 what strange thing ? '' 
 `` i have a feeling that my father and his first wife are keeping a secret between them , they keep making gestures at each other . '' 
 `` well , keeping secrets together between husband and wife is not something uncommon . '' 
 `` i know , but i have an intuition that this is something bigger than that . 
 and i also have a gut feeling that it has something to do with the crown prince . '' 
 `` the crown prince ? 
 how did you get that conclusion ? '' 
 `` well , every time one of my sisters mention him , they glimpse at each other . '' 
 `` hmmm , it does sound strange . '' 
 he pondered . 
 `` i thought you were going to spend more time with them . '' 
 `` with who ? 
 my family ? 
 they do n't like me , to them i 'm an outsider . '' 
 `` it 's okay , you just have to get through tonight and tomorrow . 
 from then on , you do n't have to step into the palace if you do n't want to . '' 
 `` promise ? '' 
 `` i promise ! '' 
 `` okay then . 
 i 'm going to sleep , the sooner this nightmare is over the better . '' 
 `` good night ... '' `` good night . '' 
 she was just about to cover herself with the blanket , when the door burst opened and puteri siti hamidah entered . 
 `` have you prayed ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` yes i have bunda . '' 
 paramita responded . 
 `` when the other three princesses got married , they had two weeks of full beauty treatment , massages , scrubs , facial mask . 
 i wonder why permaisuri did n't arrange those for you . '' 
 `` that 's okay bunda . 
 i had my fair share of beauty treatments most my teenage life living with my mother . 
 she wanted me to follow her footsteps in the modeling world . '' 
 she replied . 
 `` now i 'm finally free of those beauty regimes , i 'm actually very happy about it . '' 
 `` why did n't you go through with a modeling career ? '' 
 `` i think the sultan called my mother and prohibited it . 
 besides , modeling was not my thing . '' 
 she recalled . 
 `` hmmm , i understand certain careers are not suitable for daughters of the sultan . 
 but look at you , you are tall , white and beautiful , you would have made a good career for yourself . '' 
 `` bunda , you compliment me too much . '' 
 `` i 'm just saying what i see ... '' puteri siti hamidah replied . 
 there was a knock on the door , and without waiting for an answer , the door was opened and puteri siti 's two daughters entered . 
 `` did you bring the herbal tea i asked you to get ? '' 
 puteri siti asked them . 
 `` yes we did bunda , '' puteri hartini said while pointing to a plastic bag she held in her hand . 
 `` adik this is a special herbal tea that is passed down from generations to generations in our family . 
 it 's good for married women , or who will be married like in your case . 
 this will make your husband very happy and pleased with you so he does n't turn to look at any other woman . '' 
 paramita smiled politely . 
 `` eh ... , adik , especially because your husband is raden ali , not only is he a very popular among women , but there was gossip that he was dating a famous singer . 
 you have to be able to compete with her and conquer him . '' 
 puteri karmini said . 
 `` kak mini , what did kak nurbaiti mean by him taking a lover after a few months ? '' 
 paramita asked just to assess the situation with her sisters . 
 `` do n't worry about her , '' puteri karmini said . 
 `` she 's just jealous that 's all . '' 
 `` jealous ? 
 with me ? 
 what on earth for ? '' 
 paramita asked . 
 `` that 's because for several years we thought that she would be engaged to raden ali , then suddenly she was engaged to pangeran hasan who is now her husband , and they were married just one and a half years ago . '' 
 `` wait a minute . 
 so there were plans to have my raden ali marry to kak nurbaiti several years ago and suddenly she was engaged to another person and married off to him ? '' 
 `` yes , '' puteri hartini added , `` she had a very short engagement probably , what ? 
 half a year ? 
 yeah , half a year and then they held the wedding ceremony . 
 poor adik nurbaiti , she must have been shocked . 
 she never knew her husband before she married him . 
 she was always in love with raden ali . 
 not because they were close to each other , they barely knew one another , but because bunda permaisuri always taught her that way . '' 
 paramita could n't understand the queen 's reason to doctrinize her daughter that way . 
 she fished for more information , `` well , that 's still longer than my engagement to raden ali . '' 
 `` what are you talking about ? 
 ayahnda announced to us that he would marry you to raden ali at the same time he announced adik nurbaiti 's engagement to prince hasan . '' 
 `` is that so ? '' 
 she thought about it for a while , then went back to the subject of her sister to not look as if she was too interested , `` oh , well that 's sad . 
 imagine being taught to love somebody for some time then be married off to another man . 
 i can understand her coldness towards me . '' 
 paramita said . 
 but the information made her curious . 
 `` do you know why , ayahnda sultan is so keen to have raden ali as his son in law ? 
 and why was kak nurbaiti suddenly married off to her current husband ? '' 
 `` who knows ? 
 maybe it 's because of uncle raden hamza , who is father 's favorite cousin . 
 as for why adik nurbaiti was suddenly married off , it was ayanda 's decision , i think it was about the same time kakanda putra mahkota was sent to study overseas . 
 i remember that bunda permaisuri was against this decision . 
 but , of course , if ayahnda already made up his mind , nobody can or should go against him . '' 
 `` come on , stop gossiping about your sister nurbaiti and continue to give marital advices to mita . '' 
 puteri siti hamidah scold them . 
 although she tried trolling around some more , paramita could n't get any new information she concluded that her sisters and their mother really did n't know anything else . 
 * * * they left her to take her beauty sleep , claiming that staying up too late will make her face puffy tomorrow morning . 
 she was happy to be able to talk to them . 
 they were warm and friendly to her . 
 `` children , especially daughters take after their mother . '' 
 she thought to herself , `` kak mini and kak tini are warm , caring and open hearted just like puteri siti hamidah , while kak nurbaiti is distant and looks down at me just like permaisuri . 
 and i am ... am i like my mother ? 
 since i do n't agree with her behavior , then i have to be careful and make sure that i do n't become like that . 
 i have to use her as an image of what not to be . '' 
 she picked up the herbal tea that her sisters gave her . 
 how sad knowing that this herbal tea was created by women just like her to gain the love of their husband 's through sexual pleasure . 
 husbands who can legally take more than one wife . 
 `` if abang ever does that to me , i 'll just walk out the door with my kids without looking back . '' 
 she said to herself . 
 suddenly she realized , maybe she was just like her mother , after all . 
 she picked up the plastic bag and buried it deep in her bag . 
 * * * `` please , go easy on the makeup , '' ali said to the stylist in charge of dressing him in the traditional garb . 
 seeing all the cosmetics that are stacked on the dressing table . 
 `` i do n't want to be mistaken for the bride . '' 
 `` raden that 's not possible , the clothes are different . '' 
 the stylist answered with a smart ass attitude . 
 `` are you ready ? '' 
 raden hamza asked while poking his head through the door . 
 `` i think so , '' ali replied while standing up . 
 `` raden , at least let me apply lip gloss . '' 
 the stylist said . 
 `` not necessary ! '' 
 he replied , `` but thank you for your effort . '' 
 he said while standing up fixing his kain samping and then his songkok . 
 raden hamza entered sitting on the bed he handed his son a keris , `` this keris belonged to my father . 
 although it 's not a functional weapon , but more of a ceremonial accessory , it is our family heirloom . 
 this is my gift for you , in your new life and responsibilities you will be required to use our traditional clothes often , i want you to always carry this keris with you to remember everything i 've taught you from childhood to now . 
 remember that title , position and power can corrupt a man . 
 all your life i have given you a good moral compass to help you find your directions in life , always remember them and do n't stray away . 
 i have always given you an example of loyalty to your mother nabilla , i have never disappointed her and never been unfaithful . 
 i hope you will follow my lead in your actions as a husband and as a father to your future children . 
 your wife is a strong and independent woman , and she is of higher birth than you , but it is your responsibility to protect her , love her and care for her . 
 i wish all the happiness in the world , you have all my blessings for this new phase in your life . '' 
 he held his son 's face and kissed his forehead . 
 ali slipped the keris under the belt that tied his kain samping . 
 he kneeled in front of his father , putting his head on raden hamza 's knees , he whispered , `` thank you father . '' 
 raden hamza nodded as he gently caressed his son 's head , his eyes were moist , `` i 'm proud of you . '' 
 as per tradition , the groom and his family will parade towards the bride 's home where the wedding ceremony will take place . 
 the purpose of this parade is to announce to everybody that the two children of both families have legally become husband and wife . 
 in addition , it 's to ask for good wishes and blessing from any and every onlookers . 
 since this was a wedding ceremony held by two prominent families , the sultan himself and a very influential nobleman , the streets were crowded with people trying to watch the procession and taking pictures of it . 
 rows of reporters were also making live broadcast of the event so that the citizens living outside of the capital can watch it live in the comfort of their own homes . 
 once they reached the palace which , in this case , is the home of the bride 's family , they are greeted at the gate and received by the bride 's family . 
 this is followed by an exhibition of silat fighting styles by the groom , this is a symbolic gesture to show to the family of the bride , that the groom as the head of the family has enough prowess and manhood to lead and protect his family . 
 afterward , they continued to the courtyard where both families play a symbolic battle of throwing raw curried rice at each other as a sign of which family gives more blessing to the other . 
 once the rice throwing had finished both families exchange gifts of betel leaf , betel nuts , betel chalk , and tobacco . 
 at the door of the house an exchange of rhymes are done , once the bride 's family feel satisfied with the rhymes , they then drop the makeshift barrier , made of silk , to allow the groom and his family to enter the house . 
 the bride was taken out from inside the house to meet with the groom , both of them were led to a seating area where the parents from both the bride and groom were seated on decorated chairs . 
 both the groom and the bride had to kneel in front of each parent to get their blessing for their new life . 
 the sultan was accompanied by both wives , paramita felt it ironic that her mother was n't there . 
 since the marriage contract was done a week before , they continued directly to the sanding , where the bride and groom will sit side by side on a stage in front of all the guests , this is a testament that they are officially married . 
 a contingent of prayers , blessings , and speeches followed afterward . 
 paramita felt warned out sitting for hours in her kebaya , especially with the tight canvas long belt they tied around her waist to make her waistline look smaller . 
 her face also felt stiff from smiling all the time . 
 she was feeling envious at the guests who were walking around with a plate full of food in their hand . 
 she glanced at ali , he was sitting calmly and comfortably . 
 `` why does society dictate for women to be vain ? '' 
 she thought , `` i wonder how many other women present here today have to suffer this type of torture just so people can see her as beautiful . '' 
 she looked towards the guests sitting on the seats arranged in rows in front of the stage . 
 her mother was there on the vip seat , she was sitting with several foreigners who paramita deduced that they are representatives of foreign countries in jothar . 
 a pair of aged foreigners caught her attention . 
 the man was dressed in a black tie suit and the woman in a beautiful haute couture gown . 
 what caught paramita 's attention was her face , she was a female version of ali . 
 she guessed that she must be his biological mother . 
 she also saw jonathan tan among the guests that had just arrived , and walking beside him was dewi chandrawati . 
 she understood that as raden nabilla 's brother , he would be invited to his step nephews wedding , but she wondered at his motive for bringing dewi as his date . 
 she sensed that he had a sinister reason behind it . 
 a group of reporters ran up to dewi and started to take photos of her . 
 instinctively , paramita moved her body , but she felt a hand holding hers , and gently squeezing it . 
 she turned to ali , he gestured that he also saw what she saw , and he was calming her down . 
 she smiled at him and tried to relax . 
 once he saw her calm again , he withdrew his and put it back on his lap . 
 one of the women assigned to attend the guests brought a tray with two plates of food for them . 
 ali took a plate and gestured for the woman to leave . 
 paramita wanted to protest for her meal , but ali brought a spoonful of food to her mouth and smiled . 
 she opened her mouth to accept it . 
 seeing the groom feeding the bride with affection , the reporters shifted their attention from dewi and started taking pictures of them . 
 ali ate a spoonful himself , before feeding his wife with the spoon again , he continued with this until the plate of food was empty . 
 he used the napkin in his hand to gently wipe the corner of her mouth . 
 she smiled at him thankfully , for saving the situation , but inside she was cursing him for causing her to eat only half a meal . 
 after a few minutes , paramita saw the number of royal guards increased inside the banquet hall . 
 this helped control the reporters . 
 after all the guest had eaten , they were welcomed on the stage to congratulate the bride and groom along with their parents . 
 this was the highlight of the event for most of the guests because they could actually shake the sultan 's hand and have a picture taken with him . 
 paramita could n't feel her hands from shaking with so many people . 
 but she pushed on , wearing a smile on her face and thanking people . 
 her heart beat a little faster when jonathan and dewi came to the stage to congratulate them . 
 she guessed that dewi would n't dare to do anything that would tarnish any of their reputations in public . 
 she glanced at ali acting indifferently when taking his ex-girlfriend 's hand and shaking it . 
 when dewi was in front of her , she put on a polite smile , and with her most soft and friendly voiced , she thanked dewi , even though dewi did n't really say anything to her . 
 it was when jonathan came to shake her hand that she cringed as he gently squeezed her . 
 she pursed her lips to the inappropriate behavior , and tried hard to refrain herself from punching him in the face in front of all the guests . 
 she put on a wide and obviously hypocritical smile and thanked him . 
 the reporters did n't miss the chance to take their pictures . 
 dewi stood by her side and jonathan besides ali . 
 ali put his left arm around paramita 's shoulder and pulled her closer , he took her left hand in his right one and smiled for the camera as the sound of shutters and flashes filled the room . 
 chapter twenty nine after the guests had left they were allowed to have an hour break before they have to continue with an inner family gathering . 
 paramita was allowed to go back to her room . 
 she sat on the bed trying hard not to tear off her clothes and change into something more comfortable . 
 the door opened and ali was shown in , he was accompanied by three of the queen 's lady-in-waiting who came in pushing a wheeled tables . 
 paramita could smell the delicious food being brought in . 
 `` your highness pangeran and puteri , please eat first , '' said one of them , `` we 're going to move her highness puteri 's luggage to the bridal room , please excuse us . '' 
 they went and brought paramita 's bag out of there before exiting and gently closed the door behind them . 
 `` how are you feeling ? '' 
 ali said while sitting beside her on the bed . 
 `` tired , suffocated and numb . '' 
 she replied . 
 `` that bad huh ? '' 
 `` if you had to wear a tight belt and a stiff hair do all day , you 'd probably feel this way too . '' 
 `` you look beautiful . '' 
 he said , `` you always do . '' 
 `` my husband is the best at praising me . '' 
 she replied , she stood up and walked to the table and served some food on a plate , then handed it to him . 
 he received it , `` thank you . '' 
 he said . 
 then she served another one for herself and walked back to the bed and sat down to eat . 
 `` bang , you know i found out some more things last night . '' 
 she said after swallowing a spoon of rice . 
 `` what did you find out ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` did you know that you were originally supposed to marry my older sister from the queen , kak nurbaiti ? 
 then about two years ago , she was engaged to pangeran hasan from one of the kingdoms in malaysia , and at the same time the sultan announced to the inner family that i was the one who was going to marry to you . '' 
 `` what ? 
 how come i 've never heard of this before ? '' 
 he wondered . 
 `` so according to my other sisters , kak nurbaiti has been in love with you for years . '' 
 `` i hardly know her . 
 how can she be in love with me ? '' 
 he glanced and smiled audaciously , `` she probably fell in love at first sight seeing my beautiful and masculine self . '' 
 `` here buddy , chew on this piece of meat to calm your ego , there you go , good boy ! '' 
 paramita said while putting a piece of meat in his mouth , then patting his head , `` anyway according to kak hartini , her mother the queen had taught her since she was younger that she could n't love any other man but you . 
 and i also heard that the queen was upset at the sultan 's decision of marrying you to me . '' 
 `` that 's ... why would she do that ? 
 why me ? '' 
 `` that 's also what i was asking myself , why is my father the sultan so keen on making you his son in law , that he would engage you to two of his daughters ? 
 i mean i had the theory about you and your renowned political views , but now i 'm confused . '' 
 `` for now let 's not make any conclusions , let 's just wait and see , i 'm sure your father has his reasons . '' 
 he said . 
 paramita took his empty plate and stacked it on top of hers , she stood up and put the plates on the table , `` do you want to drink water or tea ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` tea , please . '' 
 he said . 
 she brought him a glass then waited until he finished drinking before putting it back on the table , then drank a glass of water herself . 
 she went back to the bed and sat down again . 
 `` you know , your father is a very smart and witty man , he was right about choosing you as my wife . '' 
 he said while caressing her cheek . 
 `` why is that ? '' 
 she asked him . 
 `` because no other woman can drive me crazy like you do . '' 
 he said while holding her nape and kissing her lips passionately . 
 paramita closed her eyes and responded to his kiss . 
 his tongue tasted sweet from the sugar in the tea he just drank . 
 they were surprised by the sound of the door opened , followed by a gasp , and then the door quickly closed again . 
 `` your highness pangeran ali , i apologize sir , but it 's not time for that yet . 
 there is still another gathering to attend to , besides this is not the bridal room . '' 
 said the lady in waiting who opened the door on them . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' ali replied , `` please come in . '' 
 the lady , in waiting , came back inside to take out the table , she peeked at them through the corner of her eyes . 
 `` excuse me , your highness pangeran and your highness puteri , '' she said bowing several times to them before exiting and closing the door behind her . 
 ali and paramita looked at each other then broke into laughter . 
 `` that was awkward and embarrassing ! '' 
 paramita said . 
 she stacked up the pillows and used it to support her back `` what are they waiting for ? 
 the sooner we get this over with the better . '' 
 `` are you that eager to enter the bridal room ? '' 
 ali teased her . 
 `` i just want to get out of these clothes and lie down . '' 
 she replied . 
 `` me too . 
 i want you to get out of those clothes and lie down . '' 
 `` you ! 
 stop insinuating those things and do something productive . '' 
 she said while slapping his forearm . 
 `` like what ? '' 
 `` here massage my foot , they 're killing me . '' 
 she said while lifting her legs and placing her feet on his lap . 
 he smiled , he took off her sandals and put them down on the floor , and began to massage her feet affectionately . 
 `` maybe tonight i 'll give you a full body massage , would you like that ? '' 
 he asked coquettishly . 
 `` abang , you know i was nervous when i saw dewi here , i thought she was going to make a scene , '' paramita said , changing the subject of the conversation . 
 `` she would n't dare , not in an event held by the sultan . 
 what surprised me the most was jonathan tan , how could he bring her as his date . 
 he is married , oh well you know his wife , remember at our engagement party , the lady who you complained about because she praised me and only said that you were beautiful . '' 
 `` i remember her . 
 did she come to the reception today ? 
 i do n't remember seeing her among the guests . '' 
 `` i do n't think so . 
 i did n't see her either . 
 if she came we should remember her , she tends to talk a lot . '' 
 `` abang , i suspect that jonathan tan has a hidden intention to him bringing dewi here . '' 
 `` he definitely does , '' ali replied . 
 `` bang , can i asked you something , but promise me you wo n't get offended . '' 
 she said to him . 
 `` i promise , what is it ? '' 
 he replied . 
 `` well , i understand that you and dewi had gone out for three years before you left her to marry me . 
 but i think that she is being very clingy to you . 
 could it be possible that she 's expecting a child of yours ? '' 
 ali looked at her with his eyes wide opened . 
 shocked at her question , `` mita , maybe it 's hard for you to believe , since you knew my brother before you knew me , and you were a firsthand witness of his behavior . 
 but i 'm not my brother . 
 mita , i in all my thirty years of life , have conserved myself and my chastity . 
 i did have another girlfriend besides dewi before , and to both i have respected and protected from zina -lrb- adultery -rrb- . '' 
 `` bang , i 'm sorry like i said i did n't mean to offend you . 
 i was just wondering . '' 
 `` rest assure , that neither dewi nor my earlier girlfriend ever had any reason to cling on to me because of that . 
 i am a man of honor and proper moral , i do n't engage in illicit affairs . '' 
 `` abang ... . . '' 
 suddenly she looked sharply at him , `` bang , so you mean that your love to dewi was a pure one since you protected her and conserved her , and with me you just want to get into my panties ? 
 i do n't remember you trying to hold back after our marriage contract was made . '' 
 `` pure love ? 
 mita , you 've got it wrong , if a man is n't plagued with urges to bring a woman his close with to his bed , it does n't mean his love for her is pure . 
 it means he can control himself . '' 
 `` but you also told me that a man does n't need to be in love with a woman to want to do perverted things to her . 
 and let 's be honest , you 've been saying and doing perverted things to me since we got married . '' 
 `` did you just call me a pervert ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` understand this , everything i did and will continue doing to you , are not perverted things . 
 it 's because i want to make you mine because i love you , i love to be one with you . 
 besides if you think that true love is a love where a man does n't need to lie with his wife , even though both sides are able and willing , the human species will be extinct by now . '' 
 `` okay , okay ... so what you were trying to say is that you 've never done it with dewi before . '' 
 `` not with her or with anyone else besides you . '' 
 he assured . 
 she saw his face and ears becoming red . 
 she smiled at his frankness , `` well , i did n't mean to insinuate that you 're a pervert , besides you gave me a much-needed massage with the muscle cream that night . '' 
 she said . 
 she wiggled a foot , `` your hands can do magic . 
 my feet are feeling better already . '' 
 `` you 're not upset about my desire for you , are you ? '' 
 he whispered . 
 she looked down to her lap and shook her head . 
 `` so then ... ... '' he was about to say something when there was a knock on the door , and someone opened from the outside without waiting for an answer . 
 `` kak nurbaiti . '' 
 paramita said while quickly putting her feet down from ali 's lap and sitting up straight . 
 `` ra ... i mean pangeran ali , i did n't know you were here too . '' 
 she said to him her face was flushed . 
 `` kakanda puteri nurbaiti . '' 
 he greeted her . 
 `` the family gathering is in fifteen minutes , you should go to the inner living room . '' 
 she said looking coldly at paramita . 
 paramita was about to stand up , when ali quickly said , `` wait . '' 
 he stood up , kneeled down in front of her and helped her put on her sandals . 
 then helped her to stand up from the bed . 
 `` let 's go . '' 
 paramita felt bad towards her elder sister , knowing how puteri nurbaiti felt for ali . 
 but he was her husband , and she loved being spoilt by him . 
 they walked together to the inner living room , paramita looked around , but her elder sister was no longer with them . 
 at a distance she could see the foreigner couple , `` abang ... '' she held his hand the gestured to them . 
 `` my mother . '' 
 ali whispered . 
 `` my biological mother , and that 's her husband , let 's go , i want to introduce you to them . '' 
 they walked up to them , `` ommy . '' 
 ali called out to his mother . 
 she turned around , and smiled when she saw them . 
 she greeted him with opened arms and kissed him on both cheeks . 
 `` mita , this is my ommy , and this is her husband sayyid omar al rashid . '' 
 he introduced them . 
 `` how do you do . '' 
 she said kindly to paramita . 
 `` princess latifah , it 's a pleasure to finally get to meet you . '' 
 paramita answered . 
 `` you can call me hamaatee or auntie . '' 
 she answered . 
 `` hamaatee , it 's nice to meet you . '' 
 `` how cute ... '' princess latifa said . 
 paramita stood there smiling and looking completely dumb , as they exchanged pleasantries in a language she did n't understand . 
 she knew that they were speaking arabic , but she was lost in the lack of translation . 
 `` ommy , sayyid omar , will you be joining the family gathering ? '' 
 ali finally asked in language she spoke . '' 
 `` yes , we were invited too . '' 
 princess latifa said . 
 `` we will go first then , they are waiting for us . 
 we 'll see you later . '' 
 ali replied . 
 `` your relationship with your biological mother is colder than mine with my mama . '' 
 paramita whispered once they were far . 
 `` i hardly spent time with her , ever since i was small , and my parents separated , i lived with my father . 
 then when he remarried with mother nabilla , she was very good to me , and loved me like her own child , so i for me my real mother is raden nabilla . '' 
 he remembered . 
 `` i only went to see her once a year when i was younger , '' `` hmmm ... , well i think you should consider the person who loves you and educate you all your life as your mother . '' 
 `` yes . 
 i love my mother raden nabilla very much . '' 
 `` she 's a great person . 
 although i do n't understand why her brother hates me . '' 
 `` i do n't think he hates you . 
 i think he tried to harm you because he has a personal ambition . 
 as they say . 
 nothing personal , just business . '' 
 `` amusing as always , husband of mine . '' 
 she said , ` hey but you know , how strange was it , that today in the reception , well , maybe it 's just my imagination , but he squeezed my hand , like ... '' `` he squeezed your hand ? 
 like if he was hitting on you ? 
 on your wedding day ? 
 does he want to die ? '' 
 ali stopped and turned to her . 
 `` calm down , i do n't think he tried to hit on me , like everything else he did , i think there is an intention behind it . '' 
 `` you 're right , i have to be careful when dealing with him . 
 i ca n't let my jealousy get the better of me . '' 
 * * * they arrived in front of the inner living room . 
 `` time to put on my big bright smile ! '' 
 paramita said . 
 sultan abdul kadir was already sitting there with his two wives , his daughters and their respective husbands , a young man who paramita assumed was her brother the crown prince . 
 raden hamza , raden nabilla and hafiz was also there . 
 ali helped paramita walked to the area where the family was waiting . 
 they sat on the soft carpet on the floor like everybody else . 
 a few minutes later , princess latifa and her husband entered . 
 paramita could see from the corner of her eyes that raden nabilla was n't too happy to see her husband 's ex-wife . 
 `` now that everybody is present , i think we should start the family meeting right away . '' 
 sultan abdul kadir said . 
 `` maybe you are all wondering why i asked you to meet . 
 today , we 've celebrated my daughter paramita 's wedding with my cousin 's hamza 's son ali . 
 this has been our lifelong dream , to have our children marry each other , and today it has finally come true . '' 
 he took a deep breath before he continued , `` what i 'm about to tell you is a family tragedy , that i want everybody here keep confidential and not say one word to anyone else , as this involves our family 's privacy . 
 four years ago , my son the putra mahkota , abdurrahman was diagnosed with schizophrenia . '' 
 hearing this , everybody was in shock , `` abdurrahman , is currently undergoing treatments in the united states and is given medication to control his condition . 
 he is able to lead a normal and functional life . '' 
 he paused . 
 `` however , it has become my concern that the burden of his duties and responsibilities as the crown prince , will have a negative effect towards his health . 
 before everything , i am a father , my main concern is my son 's well being . 
 that 's why i have decided to remove pangeran abdurrahman from his position as the crown prince , and instead , the position including all its responsibilities is now given to my son in law and nephew , pangeran burhanuddin ali . '' 
 everybody present was surprised , including paramita , she exchanged looks with ali . 
 she did n't see this coming . 
 for the first time in her life , she was rendered completely speechless . 
 chapter thirty `` we will make this known to the public , but not with such an in-depth information like i just told everyone present here . '' 
 sultan abdul kadir looked at his daughters and son in-laws , observing their reaction . 
 he added , `` pangeran mahkota burhanuddin ali , do you wish to say anything ? '' 
 `` i 'm honored for the trust that you have given me . 
 i will not disappoint you . '' 
 ali too was shocked and dumbfounded by this news to say anything else . 
 `` if there is nothing else , i will call this a day , i 'm going to retire to my room now . '' 
 he said as he stood up and walked out of the inner living room . 
 everybody gathered around ali to congratulate him . 
 paramita stood up , not bothering to find her sandals she chased after the sultan . 
 `` ayahnda ... ayahnda , please wait , may i have a word with you ? '' 
 she said . 
 sultan abdul kadir stopped and turned around , `` and here i thought you will be barging into my office tomorrow morning , but i guess you could n't wait a few hours , could you ? 
 let 's go to my study . '' 
 he said . 
 she followed him to the study across the hall , the sultan opened the door and showed her in . 
 he followed after . 
 `` questions , questions . 
 let 's hear them . '' 
 he said . 
 `` since when have you planned for this ? '' 
 `` to make ali the crown prince ? 
 i ca n't remember since when , but i have considered it ever since your brother reached mid-twenties and his condition showed no signs of improvement . '' 
 `` so that 's why there was talk about the engagement between my sister kak nurbaiti to bang ali . 
 did my father in law know ? '' 
 `` so you 've been doing your homework , have n't you ? 
 about your father in law , he probably suspected something , but i succeeded in diverting his suspicions by hinting the possibility of marrying you to his second son . '' 
 `` why ? 
 is n't he the cousin you trust the most ? '' 
 `` for that same reason . 
 if he knew i plan to make his son the next sultan , he will try to fight me over it by naming other candidates and suggesting other family members , and i just did n't have the energy to go through that , what with your brother 's condition and all . '' 
 `` i can understand why you did it that way . 
 but why the sudden change ? 
 why did i end up marrying bang ali ? '' 
 `` well , talks started about cementing a family tie , with the sultanate where prince hasan comes from , around three years ago . 
 at that time , i only had one daughter left who was n't promised to anyone , you . 
 do n't look at me like that ! 
 prince hasan was a very good candidate to be your husband , he is the crown prince , after all , who knows maybe he can one day rule the federation . '' 
 `` so why swap the fiancées around ? '' 
 `` then ali got involved with that singer . '' 
 `` i do n't understand . 
 what does that have to do with anything ? '' 
 `` well , your sister is a pretty young woman , but would she be able to compete for his attention with the singer and even if she could , will she be able to steal him away and make him fall to his knees ? '' 
 `` and i would ? '' 
 `` well let 's be honest , just like your mother , you are a very attractive woman ! '' 
 `` ayahnda , you make it sound like my mother and i are men seducing nymphs . '' 
 `` mita , this may offend you , but in the world of power and politics that is dominated by men , the most dangerous weapon of destruction is a woman . 
 how many great kings and emperors around the world have fallen from grace because of love ? 
 the great sultan suleiman from the ottoman empire , the great shah jahan , hayam wuruk from the majapahit kingdom , henry the eighth , king david from israel , and the list goes on . 
 if i made ali my successor and married him to your sister , but he continues to be infatuated by that singer . 
 can you imagine what might happen ? 
 and what if because of pure bad luck your sister does n't give him a son ? 
 just thinking about it gives me a headache , ali maybe my nephew , but i still want my direct descendants to rule this country . '' 
 `` and because i 'm my mother 's daughter , you thought that i would make a good royal courtesan and that i could ensnare him between my legs ? 
 is that why you put me in front of him as an enticement , to make him leave his girlfriend ? '' 
 she confronted . 
 `` do n't talk to me like that ! 
 i 'm your father and king ! 
 show me some respect ! '' 
 he yelled . 
 `` oh , so because you 're my father and the king , i should let you degrade me to that level ? 
 well , listen here , you 're not my king ! 
 i renounce citizenship ! 
 send me to jail or execute me for my insolence towards the king of this country ! 
 why would i care ? 
 you might be the man who made my mother pregnant with me but are you really a father to me ? 
 not only have you been absent all my life , but you see me as no more than a piece of meat and prostituted me to your nephew in exchange for him becoming your successor so you can save your son ! 
 and all that speech a few days ago about legitimizing me , and that you cared about me and everything , was that just a lie ? '' 
 she responded with the same tone . 
 seeing that she was ready and willing to challenge him , he toned down . 
 `` of course i care about you . 
 i 'm sorry for everything you 've gone through . 
 i 'm sorry that i was never by your side when you were growing up , i was never there to help you when you fell , nor was i there to dry your tears away . 
 i know i have wronged you . 
 i know i have no rights to call myself your father . '' 
 his voice was with pain and sadness . '' 
 i 'm not putting any of your siblings before you , i swear . 
 you wo n't understand this now , but when you have children of your own , you 'll see for yourself that it 's not easy to be able to protect and care for all of them and make them all feel happy and satisfied . 
 and i 'm doing my best to make sure of that . 
 give me a little leniency . '' 
 for the first time , paramita saw the sultan as a man and father who has emotions , weaknesses , and despair . 
 she saw the man in front of her now as a tired old man trying to fend for his family , just like any other man on earth . 
 `` well , i ca n't complain about the husband you chose for me . '' 
 she calmed down , `` i can understand your motives and why you did all this . 
 but i ca n't accept the fact that you , my father used me as a. ... as a. ... trading tool for your political gains . 
 father how could you , the honorable sultan of this land , come up with something like that ? '' 
 `` it 's not easy being the king . 
 it 's not easy being a father . 
 i had to do what i needed to do . '' 
 `` what the ... ? '' 
 `` never mind , there 's no point in complaining about it . '' 
 he dismissed it all together . 
 `` you should go now , it 's getting late . 
 your husband is probably waiting for you . 
 we can continue this conversation another time . '' 
 `` i still ... '' he looked at her sharply . 
 `` okay , excuse me then . '' 
 `` you are excused . 
 good night my child . '' 
 he said while holding her head then kissing her forehead , he thought for a while , `` mita , please put into mind that nobody in the palace knows that you and ali had married and have lived together since last week . '' 
 `` then what was the point of rushing the marriage contract ? '' 
 `` that was a contingency plan that came up because of the circumstances when ... '' `` contingency plan ? 
 circumstances like if i dropped dead because of the murder attempts ? 
 that 's right , if i died before bang ali married and bedded me , then you wo n't have your crown prince , would you ? '' 
 `` goodness , please do n't always judge me that way ! 
 please , just forget about your spite and resentment towards me , and try to be happy with your husband . 
 he has no guilt in any of this and he obviously loves you . 
 do n't ruin your marriage because of my decisions and my actions . 
 just live for your future together . '' 
 she walked angrily to the door , when she opened it and stepped outside , she saw that ali was waiting there for her . 
 `` abang , why are you here ? '' 
 `` i 'm waiting for my bride to finish talking to her father . '' 
 he replied . 
 `` and , i also brought you your sandals . '' 
 she extended her hand to receive them from him , but he just smiled and again he kneeled down to help her put them on . 
 `` hold on to my shoulder so you do n't fall . '' 
 she held on to his shoulder to balance herself . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 she said to him . 
 he just put one sandal on , when the door opened and the sultan stepped out of the study . 
 `` ananda ali , i am happy to see you this way with my daughter . 
 please love her and care for her for me , because i never did . 
 i pray for both of you to have a long and happy life together . '' 
 `` thank you for the blessing , ayahnda sultan . '' 
 ali replied while standing up . 
 `` you two should go to the bridal room now . '' 
 he paused , `` ananda ali . '' 
 `` yes ayahnda sultan . '' 
 `` i told mita about this , but i think i should remind you too . 
 nobody in the palace knows that the two of you have married a week ago and have already lived together . '' 
 `` i understand , ayahnda . 
 we will keep it confidential . '' 
 `` and one more thing . '' 
 he went closer and whispered something in ali 's ear . 
 `` i understand ayahnda . '' 
 ali replied . 
 `` goodnight then . '' 
 the sultan said , and walked down the hall . 
 `` what was that about ? '' 
 paramita asked paranoidly , `` what did father whisper to you about ? '' 
 `` later . '' 
 `` huh ? '' 
 she said . 
 `` come on let 's go to our room , they told me where it is already . '' 
 he said taking her hand . 
 `` so what did you two talk about ? '' 
 `` about you . '' 
 she replied , `` i 'll tell you everything once we get to our room . 
 you never know who could accidently hear us . 
 in the meantime , tell me how you feel about the news ? '' 
 `` the news ? 
 about being the crown prince ? 
 nothing , really . '' 
 he answered nonchalantly . 
 `` even if it brings you wealth and power ? '' 
 `` and responsibilities . 
 i 'm thinking of taking it a day at a time . 
 being a crown prince now days is more of a vanity title , just so people will know that you 're the first line to the throne , most of the responsibilities that come with the title are more towards the image of the monarchy than anything else . 
 what i am excited about is the chance to give to the country by being the future minister of finance once pangeran kadir retires , of course i have to spend one year as his deputy minister to learn more in-depth about the country 's financial matters , but i 'm happy about it . '' 
 he explained `` it 's good to be able to do something you love and to be able to chase your dream . 
 i 'm jealous of you . '' 
 paramita said . 
 `` mita , if you want to work , we can arrange something . 
 but only after we resolve the issue of the attempts towards your life . 
 your safety is my number one concern . '' 
 he said . 
 `` really ? 
 you would n't mind if i worked ? '' 
 `` of course not . 
 but i have another condition . '' 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 `` when we have children , i want you to dedicate yourself to them . '' 
 `` i will , my children will never grow up lonely and feeling abandoned like i did . 
 after all , childhood only comes once in life , but it 's never too late to start a career . '' 
 `` here is our room . '' 
 he pointed while pushing the door open . 
 she entered , and observed the decorations , it had flowers on every table , and the bed itself was decorated with rose petals and jasmine . 
 she entered the bathroom and saw that the bathtub was already filled with water and bubble . 
 `` i had the ladies in waiting fill the bathtub for you . '' 
 he explained . 
 `` this is exactly what i need . '' 
 she said while dipping her hand in the water , `` it 's nice and warm . '' 
 `` come on , i 'll help you with your hair . '' 
 he led her back into the room and helped her sit on a chair , then gently started to take out the jewelry and all the bobby pins . 
 he carefully took off the hair bun attachment . 
 `` there you go , you 're free now . '' 
 he said . 
 `` why are you so experienced with this ? '' 
 she asked distrustfully . 
 `` do n't get jealous over nothing . 
 my mother made me memorize this drill last night . '' 
 he answered while pinching her nose . 
 `` your mother is very considerate . '' 
 she smiled . 
 `` do you want me to help you with your clothes ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` maybe with the girdle . '' 
 she answered earnestly . 
 `` i ca n't believe they put a ten meter rope around your waist . '' 
 he said once the belt was off . 
 `` imagine wearing it all day . 
 it makes me wonder if the people who were assigned to dress me up are in cahoots with the people who were trying to kill me . '' 
 `` stop talking nonsense and go to the bathroom before the water gets cold . '' 
 `` are n't you coming into the tub with me ? '' 
 she asked in a very cute voice . 
 `` i 'll be there in a minute . '' 
 he answered while folding her clothes and arranging it into a stack . 
 he raised his head and turned to look at her after realizing what she just said . 
 she laughed , poked her tongue at him and quickly disappeared behind the door . 
 he hurriedly took off his clothes , then ran after her . 
 * * * she was already soaking herself inside the bathtub when ali arrived at the bathroom . 
 as he entered the bathtub , some of the water spilled on the floor . 
 he sat down and lean his head against the wall and stretched his leg out to the other side . 
 paramita was sitting across him with her legs folded up . 
 she moved across to where he was , sitting between his legs and leaning her head against his chest . 
 `` this feels nice . '' 
 he said . 
 `` eh-he ... '' she answered . 
 `` so tell me , what did ayahnda whisper to you ? '' 
 `` about our wedding night . 
 you know , it 's the palace tradition to put a piece of cloth on the bed , to catch the bride 's blood . '' 
 `` well that 's not going to happen . '' 
 she answered . 
 `` if we were in a comic book , just seeing you like this will give me a nosebleed , then we 'll have the solution there . '' 
 he raised arms and hugged her from behind . 
 `` so , your turn now , what did you talk about with ayahnda inside his office ? 
 before you said that it was about me . '' 
 `` i kind of feel bad about myself after talking to him . '' 
 she said . 
 `` why 's that ? '' 
 `` where should i start ? 
 hmmm ... so apparently ayahnda had considered you to be the crown prince since several years ago after he saw that my brother was having psychological issues . 
 that 's why he wanted you to marry my older sister , naturally since she is about your age . 
 i was initially promised to prince hasan . '' 
 `` wait , does he know about that ? '' 
 `` who knows about what ? '' 
 `` prince hasan , does he know that you were the one who was promised to him ? '' 
 `` i did n't ask . '' 
 `` prince hasan , huh ? '' 
 he mumbled to himself . 
 `` do you want to hear the rest or not ? '' 
 `` do n't be angry , go ahead . 
 go on with your story . '' 
 `` okay , where was i ? 
 umm , oh okay , so when you started dating your belladonna , that 's when ayahnda decided to exchange our betrothed . 
 he had my sister marry prince hasan , and arranged to marry me to you . '' 
 `` how could my dating someone have any relevance to your engagement ? '' 
 `` my question exactly ! 
 but then he said that he considered i would have a better chance of sexually alluring you than my sister would . 
 he did n't want my sister to end up as your first wife and dewi as your second . '' 
 `` did n't i tell you that your father is a smart and witty man ? '' 
 ali 's tone was ironic . 
 paramita chose to ignore him , `` i do n't understand his way of thinking though , and how can he come up with that idea ? '' 
 `` that i would easily fall for you rather than your sister ? 
 and that i would follow you like a fool and leave dewi behind ? 
 that 's because he knows me well , ever since i was small until i graduated high school my father would bring me to the palace to his meetings with the previous sultan your grandfather . 
 and your father would chat a lot with me . 
 he probably knows how my ideal woman is . '' 
 `` how is your ideal woman ? '' 
 `` like the one i 'm holding in my arms right now . '' 
 he said while planting a kiss on her cheek . 
 `` but my father does n't know my personality , so he wo n't know if i 'm your ideal woman or not . 
 he did admit that he considered my physical appearance more tempting than my sister 's . 
 and that 's why he gave me to you , so i could catch you and steal you away from your girlfriend . '' 
 she paused for a while , `` you know i was so angry , i literally told him , it 's because i 'm my mother 's daughter , that 's why he saw me as some kind of royal courtesan to ensnare you between my legs . '' 
 `` ensnare me all you want then , should we move positions so i can be between your legs ? '' 
 he said while kissing her neck . 
 `` bang , i 'm serious , i 'm upset here ! '' 
 she protested as his hands began massaging her shoulders . 
 `` i know you are , that 's why i 'm giving you a massage to help you calm down . '' 
 he teased . 
 `` bang ... '' `` mita , what does it matter now ? 
 do n't be obsessed , whatever and however we were brought together , it 's not important . 
 what is important is how we live our lives from now on . '' 
 `` i know . 
 it 's just that , i hate that my father sees me as a piece of meat that he can offer as bait . '' 
 `` i ca n't talk on behalf of your father , but for me you 're much more than a piece of meat , you 're my world , my life . '' 
 he said while putting his arms around her and kissing her head `` tsk , and you 're mine . '' 
 she whispered . 
 * * * `` come on , let 's get out of the water , before we grow scales and fins . '' 
 he finally said . 
 `` okay , help me up . '' 
 she reached out her hand . 
 he came out of the tub and dried his feet on the thick soft rug , then reached his arm out to her , she stood up and stepped out from tub onto the rug . 
 he put a bathrobe around himself and then helped her into the other one that was already prepared there . 
 they entered the bedroom hand in hand . 
 `` umm , there is no way in the world that i 'm going to sleep on that bed . '' 
 ali said . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 paramita looked at him puzzled . 
 `` the only time i 've ever seen people lying on top of flower petals , was before they were put to rest in the ground . 
 paramita answered with glee , `` i did n't think you were superstitious . '' 
 `` that couch looks big and comfy . '' 
 ali signaled with his head , he sat down and bounced his body on it , `` yep , we 're sleeping here tonight . 
 there 's enough space for the both of us . '' 
 `` we 're sleeping there ? 
 but i do n't have any problems with the flower petals . '' 
 she complained . 
 he looked at her meaningfully . 
 `` oh , fine ! '' 
 she sulked as she sat next to him . 
 `` come here , let 's squeeze in together . '' 
 he said while lying down sideways . 
 paramita laid down in front of him on the couch , using his arm as a pillow . 
 `` mita , i do n't want you to think that you 've been given to me as a sexual object . 
 i do n't see you that way . 
 if you think that pure love is about holding back , then i 'll hold back . '' 
 ali muttered . 
 `` really ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` eh-he ... i 'll wait until you feel comfortable to give yourself to me again . '' 
 he smiled . 
 `` thank you , bang . '' 
 paramita said softly . 
 chapter thirty one mak noor helped paramita to arrange her clothes in the closet of their room in the lotus palace while paramita took it to herself , to arrange her husband 's clothes . 
 seeing how tediously organized they were in his parent 's house , she wanted to make sure that it would be just it was . 
 `` puteri , now that you are married to pangeran ali , when are you going to retrieve the gemstones that you kept away in the safety deposit box in the bank ? '' 
 mak noor asked . 
 `` you should arrange to change those glass stones that you have on the jewelry you had made . '' 
 `` i 'll eventually get to that mak , but i 've been so busy with organizing the new residence these past two days , i just have n't had time to run my personal errands . '' 
 `` i do n't know why you were in such a hurry to move into this palace , just one day after your wedding . '' 
 `` it 's just that i felt uncomfortable the way the people in the palace looked at me , it 's like they felt pity for me . 
 and also a lot of the elder women either the maids or distant family kept trying to tell me to be patient and understanding to my husband , they told me that i will one day eventually win his love if i stay calm and patient . 
 but not with a tone as if they were giving an advice , but more like trying to console me . '' 
 `` what in heaven 's name for ? '' 
 `` who knows ? 
 bang ali has been great to me , and he 's always attentive and caring , why would these ladies feel like if they need to comfort me . 
 oh well , that 's why we thought it would be better for us to start living here , away from those nosey people . '' 
 `` i can understand your discomfort . '' 
 `` puteri there is a visitor for you downstairs . '' 
 `` do you know who it is , rin ? '' 
 she asked rini the new palace staff that was assigned to them by the queen herself . 
 `` it 's a woman called madam soraya . '' 
 she replied . 
 `` that 's my mother . 
 i 'll go downstairs to greet her . '' 
 paramita rushed out to meet her mother . 
 `` good afternoon , mama . '' 
 she said from the door of the living room . 
 `` mita , how are you darling ? '' 
 madam soraya said to her . 
 they kissed each other on the cheeks . 
 `` this is the first time i 've been to lotus palace , it is a beautiful place . '' 
 `` thanks , it is beautiful , but i would rather live in a house that is a product of my design . '' 
 she said . 
 `` darling , did you see the article on the front page of the newspaper ? '' 
 `` no , i did n't . 
 i 've been very busy with organizing the palace . '' 
 `` here , take a look , '' soraya said while handing the newspaper to her daughter . 
 the front page had a big picture taken at her wedding where she appeared to be standing in the middle of ali and dewi . 
 she remembered it as the picture taken on the stage , when dewi and jonathan came up to congratulate them . 
 she cringed at the title `` pop star sings her broken heart on her new album '' then in smaller prints `` a trusted source recounts that prince consort burhanuddin ali was still too tied up on his ex-girlfriend to comply with his new bride on their wedding night . 
 the source that requested to remain anonymous revealed that the bridal bed remained exactly the way the decorators had left it , on the morning after their first night as husband and wife . 
 there were no signs of anyone using ... . '' 
 `` mystery solved ! '' 
 she mumbled with sarcasm , `` mama , can i have this newspaper , at least the front page ? '' 
 `` do you want to show it to your husband ? '' 
 `` eh-he ... '' `` so you and your husband really did n't ... '' `` mama ... you 're the last person i want to talk about my private life with . '' 
 `` darling , i 'm trying to improve our relationship , i want us to be closer to each other and be able to trust each other with our secrets . '' 
 `` why do n't you start with yourself then ? 
 tell me about you and my father . '' 
 madam soraya took a deep breath , `` i suppose that 's fair . 
 where should i start ? '' 
 * * * wirakarta 1972 `` soraya , hurry up and go behind the stage , you 're running late . 
 this dress is the finale . '' 
 benny called to her from the door . 
 benny tung was the number one fashion designer in jothar , he was the preferred designer to the queen . 
 today is his big day , finally after years of sweat and tears in the cutthroat world of fashion , he got his big international break , a blessing in the form of a three full pages feature of him and his current collection in her world magazine . 
 soraya rushed to the back of the stage as directed by benny . 
 she was trying to fix her left earring while walking down the hallway when she accidentally dropped the earring back . 
 she stopped and squatted trying to find the minuscule piece of accessory on the floor around her . 
 suddenly she felt a tap on her shoulder , and a hand extended in front of her trying to give her something . 
 instinctively she opened her palm to accept it , the hand placed the earring back on her palm . 
 she was so stunned that she forgot to stand up , she looked up to the owner of the hand . 
 a man in his late twenties was standing over her , he was tall and slim , his straight hair combed sideward , he wore a light brown aviator sunglasses over his eyes . 
 he took off his sunglasses and smiled to her . 
 she was dumbfounded by his handsome features . 
 he extended his hand to her again , this time gesturing an offer to help her up . 
 she took his hand and stood up . 
 realizing that she was running late , she smiled and thanked him , then turned around and ran towards the stage . 
 `` where have you been ? '' 
 benny chided , `` it 's almost your queue , hurry up , get on the stage ! '' 
 soraya climbed the short stairs and stood on the stage , she braced herself and took three deep breaths , when she was queued to enter the catwalk , she moved as if she owned the runway . 
 she focused her attention on the music , pacing each step to the beat . 
 as she reached the end of the runway , she made a turn , making sure that her left foot was in front as she paused for a double beat in the background music . 
 her hips , shoulders and feet facing the side of the runway , and her head turned , looking straight at the audience over her shoulder . 
 on the third beat , she pivoted back towards the stage , stepping her right foot first and then continued walking . 
 she turned around again upon reaching the stage and repeated the choreography , before finally disappearing behind the curtain . 
 she could hear the audience clapping . 
 benny ran up the stage and linked arms with her returning to the runway . 
 they both took a big bow , and she joined the audience to applaud benny . 
 she received a bouquet of flowers from one of the stage assistant and handed it to the top designer kissing him on both cheeks . 
 * * * soraya cleaned the thick makeup off her face and put on her casual clothes . 
 she carefully combed her long straight hair and tied it up in a ponytail at the top of her head . 
 she put on a thin layer of powder and lipstick . 
 making sure that she looked impeccable , she strapped on her silver platforms and walked out of the dressing room . 
 she walked passed the hall , where the stage and runway are being torn down . 
 she waved goodbye to the assistants and headed to the door . 
 `` sor ... soraya ... '' she heard benny call out to her from behind , she turned around . 
 `` benny , i 'm leaving now , i have to help my mother at her shop . '' 
 `` sor , come here , there 's someone who wants to meet you . '' 
 `` who is it , is it about another job ? '' 
 `` no ... my dear , it 's someone very important who 's very interested in you . 
 come here . '' 
 he took her by the arm and dragged her with him out to the garden . 
 in the distance she could see a silhouette of a man standing against the setting sun . 
 as they came closer , she remembered him as the man who had earlier helped her find her earing back . 
 she could n't understand what benny was so excited about . 
 `` your highness , your highness ... '' benny called out . 
 soraya was quote surprised , `` your highness ? '' 
 she whispered to herself . 
 `` your highness , i 've brought miss soraya here , '' he said again . 
 the man turned around looked at her and flashed his charming smile . 
 `` soraya , i 'd like to introduce you to his royal highness . 
 your highness tuanku pangeran mahkota abdul kadir . '' 
 soraya was surprised to hear who he was . 
 `` umm ... tuanku pangeran mahkota , it is an honor and a pleasure to meet you sir . '' 
 she said greeting him . 
 `` miss soraya , the pleasure is all mine . 
 i 'm actually , shall we say a fan of yours ever since you won the miss jothar pageant two years ago . '' 
 `` thank you , your highness ... . . '' 
 `` miss soraya , may i invite you for a drink ? '' 
 `` your highness , please do n't take offence if i decline your invitation . 
 i have another job to go to . 
 i help my mother at her boutique . 
 please excuse me sir . '' 
 she said , then turned around to walk away . 
 `` sor . '' 
 benny called out , `` your highness tuanku pangeran , excuse me while i talk to my friend . '' 
 he ran after her . 
 `` sor , are you stupid ? 
 clearly the crown prince is very interested in you , and you 're running away from his invitation ? '' 
 `` benny , of course he 's interested in me . 
 put a skirt on a broomstick and he 'll want to hump it . 
 i think every citizen of this country knows that prince abdul kadir is a ladies ' man . 
 he 's said to change lovers like he changes socks . 
 besides that , he 's already married , with two wives . '' 
 `` well as the future sultan of this country , what woman would n't fall at his feet ? '' 
 `` me ! 
 goodbye benny , call me if you know about another job '' she said and kissed both his cheeks . 
 benny went back to pangeran abdul , `` your highness , i am very sorry for her rudeness . 
 she is a very headstrong and stubborn girl . '' 
 `` hmmm ... she is is n't she ? 
 she said her mother owns a boutique ? '' 
 `` yes your highness . '' 
 `` where is this boutique ? '' 
 `` it 's on patriot 's avenue , your highness . 
 the shop name is bintari . '' 
 `` thank you benny ! 
 choose two of your best gowns and send one to each of my wives . 
 you can call my secretary for the payment . '' 
 `` thank you your highness . '' 
 * * * soraya jumped out of the taxi and ran into the boutique , `` ibu , i 'm sorry i came late , i do n't know why but ... . 
 why are you here ? '' 
 she yelled at the man standing in front of the counter . 
 `` soraya , do n't be so rude , do n't you know who this is ? '' 
 `` i do , ibu . 
 i had the pleasure of an earlier encounter with your highness pangeran mahkota . '' 
 `` i came to buy a dress , as a gift . '' 
 he replied to her . 
 `` ah ... do you have any idea of what your wives ' preference may be ? '' 
 `` why do you think i 'm buying it for any of my wives ? '' 
 `` then is it for one of your lady friends ? '' 
 `` for my cousin in law , it 's her birthday next week . '' 
 `` and you are buying her a dress ? 
 is that even proper ? '' 
 `` then maybe you can come with me to another shop and help me choose a right gift for her . '' 
 `` or maybe not . 
 if you are serious about buying a dress for your cousin in law , anita can help you choose it . 
 otherwise , there 's a shop two blocks down that sell artwork . '' 
 pangeran abdul smiled at her feistiness , `` i think i 'll try the other shop . '' 
 as he came out of the store a black mercedes pulled up on the sidewalk . 
 the door opened from the inside , and pangeran abdul entered the car . 
 `` did you have a hard time finding this shop ? '' 
 he asked to the man sitting at the driver 's seat . 
 `` i had to ask some pedestrians . '' 
 raden hamza answered . 
 `` so who is it this time ? '' 
 `` it 's none other than soraya martina . 
 miss jothar nineteen seventy , you know i have it hot for her , she has great curves , clear white skin , and those lips ... . 
 oh my goodness ... i feel like i just want to ... ... '' `` cousin , please ... . . 
 do n't say anymore , you 're making my skin crawl . 
 i 'm not trying to preach you , but do n't you think you should use all that energy on trying to make peace with your wife puteri farida ? '' 
 `` she hates me , she always has . '' 
 `` if she hates you that much , where did those two kids come from ? '' 
 `` she just lies there like a piece of log with her eyes closed while i do all the work . '' 
 `` did i really need to hear that ? '' 
 raden hamza shivered . 
 `` you started it . '' 
 `` does she still think about your brother ? '' 
 `` all the time . 
 even though she gave birth to two children of mine , she still calls his name in her sleep . '' 
 `` she knew him before she knew you , and they were in love . '' 
 `` well , i did succeed to win against bang bashir in suppressing the left-wing movement , my politics and diplomacy against his military operation . 
 naturally my father was impressed with my skills , made me the crown prince and granted me a wife . '' 
 `` you already had a wife . '' 
 `` yeah , but i could legally have taken three more . '' 
 `` still , i think that you can at least make an effort in trying to win puteri farida 's heart , marriage is not only about rolling around making children , it 's about companionship , loyalty , and emotional happiness . 
 it also requires a lot of work and tolerance . '' 
 `` well your current wife is a good woman , so it 's easy for you to say . 
 i doubt you would make that remark if you were still married to latifa . '' 
 `` latifa is also a good woman albeit a very difficult one . 
 i have tried everything to make my marriage work with her , but even a good and very beautiful woman can make a man grow sick of her if she always takes a non-compromising attitude . '' 
 `` but nabilla is excellent wife , she loves ali like her own child . '' 
 `` and he adores her and his little sister . 
 but a wife is just as good as how her husband recognizes it . 
 puteri siti is loyal and dedicated , yet you do n't recognize her as a good wife . 
 if you did , you wo n't have taken another wife and continued your adventures . '' 
 `` you know , i respect you , you are a real family man . 
 i can never do that , i ca n't imagine having just one woman for the rest of my life . '' 
 `` i ca n't imagine not having just one woman for the rest of my life . '' 
 chapter thirty two soraya walked out of the bathroom , cladded in a towel . 
 she heard he mother shouting from the living room . 
 `` soraya , there 's a call for you from benny ... '' `` okay ibu , i 'm coming ... '' she ran straight to the living room . 
 `` child , why did n't you cover yourself , what happens if we have a guest or if somebody walks in . '' 
 `` ibu , who 'll walk in at this hour ? '' 
 she rebutted stubbornly . 
 `` hello benny ... '' she answered the phone . 
 `` sor , what are you doing this saturday , do you have a job ? '' 
 `` no , do you have work for me ? '' 
 `` well it 's not exactly work , i 'm holding a party at wirakarta continental . 
 there 'll also be many very important people at the party , some from the fashion industry , and some for the film industry . 
 i think it would do you good to attend . '' 
 `` what time ? 
 `` it starts at eight , so do n't be late . '' 
 `` i 'll be there . '' 
 soraya stepped down from the taxi in front of the lobby , she wore a black dress with matching shoes and purse . 
 she entered the hotel lobby and asked the front desk about the location of the party . 
 the receptionist directed her to the swimming pool area , as the party is held there . 
 she walked passed the lobby , when she caught sight of some familiar faces , they were the girls who participated in the miss jothar pageant with her a couple of years ago . 
 they greeted each other with utmost hypocrisy and walked together to the pool . 
 they spotted benny tung mingling with the other guests . 
 as soon as he saw them he waved calling them over . 
 `` beautiful , you all look divine ... . 
 honeys , why do n't the two of you go and mingle . 
 soraya , would you like something to drink ? '' 
 `` i 'm good , i think i 'll go and greet some people i know . '' 
 `` you go do that . '' 
 soraya walked around the people , saying hello to the people she knew . 
 she was glad she came , she was introduced to several film producers , and had an opportunity to introduce herself to a very famous film director . 
 socializing has always been a strenuous activity for her . 
 she slipped into a corner to take a break . 
 a waiter passed in front of her with a tray . 
 she took a glass of cocktail and slowly sipped it . 
 to her surprise , a rose suddenly appeared at the side of her cheek . 
 she turned around to see who it was . 
 `` you ? '' 
 she exclaimed . 
 `` your highness , what not a surprise to see you here . '' 
 `` miss soraya , your sarcasm fascinates me . 
 how are you today ? 
 irritated as always ? 
 could it be that you 're developing hemorrhoids ? '' 
 he teased . 
 `` you ! '' 
 she said holding back her temper . 
 she smiled . 
 `` your highness , i 'm not always irritated , you have that magic effect on me . '' 
 `` you know , one very attractive side of you is your bad temper . '' 
 `` why thank you , your highness . 
 i 'll take that as a compliment . 
 if you would please excuse me , i 'm going to mingle with non-royal but decent people . '' 
 she said while leaving him . 
 pangeran abdul smiled while observing her walking away , biting his lower lip as he stood there admiring the sway of her hips . 
 after leaving him , she went to find benny , knowing that pangeran abdul was at the party , it became uninteresting for her . 
 he was chatting with some rich you ladies right at the side of the pool . 
 `` benny , i think i need to excuse myself for now . 
 it 's getting late and my mother does n't like me out at this hour . '' 
 `` but i have n't publicly thanked you for being the face of my latest collection . 
 we need to make a toast . '' 
 `` benny , you know i ca n't drink . '' 
 she protested . 
 `` just champagne and just a sip . 
 come on . '' 
 benny rang a glass by hitting it gently with a small spoon . 
 `` everyone , pay attention . 
 thank you all for coming to the party . 
 i want to take this opportunity to thank my lovely friend , soraya martina , the ex-miss jothar , who granted me the honor of being the model for my new collection . 
 everybody , please raise your glass for miss soraya . '' 
 soraya thanked them and took a sip at the champagne , just as she was about to put her glass down table , she was approached by other people who wanted to congratulate her . 
 by the time she was able to put down her wine glass , she had drank about four of them . 
 soraya felt her head was spinning . 
 she stumbled looking for a place to sit down and gather herself . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 said a familiar male voice . 
 soraya looked up at him , `` your highness , why are you here ? '' 
 she slurred , feeling her head and eyes heavy . 
 she ran to the bushes and started emptying her stomach . 
 she felt a hand massaging her neck and holding her hair back . 
 `` you should have gone easy on the champagne . '' 
 he said . 
 she looked at him , her vision was becoming blurry , and suddenly the world was dark . 
 * * * soraya woke up her mouth was dry , her body hurting , and there was a sharp sting between her legs . 
 she tried to sit up , when she realized that she was n't wearing anything under the covers . 
 in confusion she looked to the other side of the bed . 
 she was surprised to find that she was n't alone . 
 for a few minutes , she tried to grasp what had happened . 
 it finally dawned on her , she had been raped . 
 she tried climbed down from the bed , when she felt somebody holding her hand , she turned around . 
 `` you monster , you monster ! '' 
 she screamed at him . 
 she used her hands to attack him . 
 `` soraya , calm down , calm down ... '' pangeran abdul kadir said . 
 `` how could you do this to me ? 
 you ruined me . '' 
 she screamed hysterically . 
 `` soraya , i did n't know that you 've never ... ... i 'll take responsibility for you . '' 
 he said again . 
 `` take responsibility for me ? 
 can you give me back what you stole from me ? 
 what right do you have to violate me like this , just because you 're a prince and i 'm a commoner ? '' 
 she started to cry uncontrollably , she leaped forward towards him hitting and scratching him as hard as she can . 
 `` hit me all you want , i deserve it . '' 
 he said softly . 
 soraya straightened herself and looked at him with hatred . 
 `` fine , you had your way with me , you took what you wanted . 
 now go ! '' 
 she said coldly , `` i wo n't let you trample on my dignity anymore . 
 go ! 
 get out of this room ! 
 leave me alone ! '' 
 she yelled . 
 `` soraya , please listen to me . 
 i 'll marry you , okay ? 
 i 'll take responsibility . '' 
 `` the only responsibility i want from you is to see you go to jail for what you 've done to me . 
 but of course , that 's not going to happen . 
 i ca n't subject my reputation and my family 's reputation to that kind of humiliation . 
 and i 'm sure people will start pointing fingers at me because , i 'm just a small-time model , and you 're the crown prince of this country . '' 
 her voice was calm now . 
 soraya had always been strong and sensible . 
 she realized that what had been done is done . 
 the most important thing for her at this moment was to move forward with the ruins of her life . 
 `` go ! 
 i do n't want to see you anymore ! '' 
 pangeran abdul kadir got out of the bed and put on his clothes , he turned around again , `` soraya ... '' `` go ! '' 
 she shouted pointing towards the door . 
 she watched as he left and closed the door behind him . 
 she rolled herself in a fetus position in the bed and began to cry . 
 she threw the flower bouquet into the trash can , these past two weeks , he continuously flooded her with gifts of sweets and flowers that carry `` forgive me '' notes , they were sent everywhere , to her home , to the boutique , even to every job that she was contracted . 
 her mother was excited about the idea of the crown prince courting her daughter . 
 `` ibu , please do n't tell anybody about this . '' 
 soraya asked her . 
 `` but why ? 
 this is an honor for us and the family . '' 
 she replied . 
 `` no it 's not , trust me it wo n't be an honor . '' 
 she said in a serious tone . 
 her mother looked at her with hesitation and concern . 
 this past few days her daughter had changed . 
 she was no longer the cheerful , feisty and happy young woman she used to be . 
 now she would keep to herself all the time and sit quietly , lost in her thoughts . 
 soraya always denied that anything was wrong , but she knew her daughter well enough to know when she was lying . 
 her motherly instinct told her that her daughter 's current state had something to do with pangeran abdul kadir . 
 * * * lately , she had had headaches . 
 the sight of food was her number one enemy . 
 every time she smelt or saw any type of cooking , it would give her the urge to vomit . 
 her mother noticed this . 
 `` soraya , who is it ? '' 
 `` ibu , what are you talking about ? '' 
 `` who is the father of your baby ? 
 who made you pregnant ? '' 
 `` baby ? 
 what makes you think i 'm pregnant ? '' 
 `` soraya , you have n't been eating , you 've been fainting and vomiting , and i do n't think i saw you having your period . '' 
 `` no ! 
 no ! '' 
 she screamed hysterically , `` i ca n't be pregnant , no ... '' taking her head into her hands and pulling at her hair , she started crying and screaming at the top of her lungs . 
 `` soraya , soraya , calm down , what happened to you ? 
 why are you like this , child ? 
 talk to me ... `` her mother cried . 
 `` noor ... . 
 get me some water ... '' she shouted at noorhayati . 
 noor ran into the living room with a glass of water . 
 `` madam , what happened with miss soraya ? '' 
 they were surprised to hear a banging at the door . 
 `` soraya ... soraya ... are you okay ? '' 
 `` madam , there 's is a man at the door calling for miss soraya . '' 
 noor exclaimed . 
 `` noor , open the door . '' 
 she ordered recognizing the voice , `` there must be a reason he 's here at this hour . '' 
 noor opened the door pangeran abdul kadir was standing there accompanied by a tall man with a very pleasant face . 
 `` what happened ? 
 i heard screaming . '' 
 he entered without waiting to be welcomed in . 
 `` you ! '' 
 soraya 's mother stood up and pointed her finger to his face . 
 `` what did you do to my daughter ? 
 why is she like this ? '' 
 `` madam , please . 
 soraya , soraya what 's wrong ? '' 
 he headed straight to the woman crying and curled up on the floor . 
 `` do n't touch me ... . 
 stay away , ibu ... tell him to go ... i do n't want to see him , do n't touch me ... . '' 
 she screamed . 
 the other man kneeled near her , `` miss soraya , miss soraya , pangeran told me what had happened . 
 miss soraya calm down . 
 please , pass me the glass of water . '' 
 raden hamza said to noor . 
 noor gave the glass to him , `` miss soraya , drink this , this water . 
 this will help you to calm down . '' 
 she accepted the glass from him and took a sip at the water . 
 `` drink some more . '' 
 he said to her . 
 `` have you calmed down ? '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` why do n't we go to the living room , let me help you . '' 
 he helped her to stand up and walk to the living room , before gently helping her to sit down on the couch . 
 soraya mother hastily sat down beside her daughter , hugging her protectively . 
 pangeran abdul kadir sat on another chair in front of them while raden hamza stood by his side . 
 `` madam , i came today to ask your permission to take responsibility of your daughter . '' 
 pangeran abdul kadir said . 
 `` responsibility ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` your highness , are you the father of the child my daughter is carrying ? '' 
 `` child ? '' 
 pangeran abdul kadir and raden hamza looked at each other . 
 soraya 's mother looked to her daughter , and caressed her hair . 
 `` soraya has been vomiting a lot lately , and her period is late this month . '' 
 `` madam , i will take responsibility . '' 
 he said with conviction . 
 `` no ... no ... `` soraya suddenly spoke , `` ibu , if i 'm pregnant , i will take care of this baby myself . 
 i do n't ever want to see him again . '' 
 she said while pointing towards pangeran abdul kadir . 
 `` soraya , think about it . 
 our custom wo n't accept a child born out of marriage . 
 your child would be shunned by society , it would be humiliated and made fun of . 
 is that what you want for your child ? 
 that would n't be fair for your child , especially for the child of the crown prince . '' 
 `` ibu ! 
 he took advantage of me , he raped me . 
 how can i marry him ? '' 
 soraya protested standing up and running to her room , locking the door behind her . 
 `` pangeran , i 'll talk to my daughter and make her come to her senses . '' 
 she said to pangeran abdul kadir . 
 `` madam , please take care of soraya and my child . '' 
 he said to her . 
 `` excuse us '' he said leaving the house . 
 * * * the two men left the house . 
 raden hamza sat behind the steering wheel he somberly placed his forehead against it . 
 `` what were you thinking ? '' 
 he growled . 
 `` i feel so ashamed of myself , god forgive me ... . '' 
 pangeran abdul kadir said while touching his brow . 
 `` pangeran , you 're the future sultan , the leader of our country and the future religious leader . 
 think ! 
 what type of sultan do you want to be ? 
 for heaven 's sakes , you have three daughters , how would you feel if somebody ... '' `` cousin , i know i made a huge mistake , i did n't know that she was still ... '' `` even if she was n't , what made you think you had the right to take her without her consent ? 
 what gave you the right to take advantage of her ? 
 what happened to everything uncle sultan taught you ? 
 to the high moral he educated us with ? 
 did you forget it all ? '' 
 `` cousin you 're right , i was wrong . 
 i 've been walking in the wrong path . 
 i let power and position corrupt me . '' 
 `` it 's not too late to change . 
 god will open the doors of redemption if you seek it . '' '' 
 ... ... '' pangeran abdul kadir was speechless , he could only sit and regret his actions . 
 chapter thirty three `` i do n't agree ! 
 i do n't approve of you taking another wife ! '' 
 princess farida said in a cold voice . 
 `` farida , she 's already pregnant with my child , i have to take responsibility for her . '' 
 `` no ! 
 and even if you marry her now , you can not acknowledge the baby ! 
 it 's stated in the religious law . '' 
 `` adinda puteri farida , do n't be stubborn , do n't think about pangeran , but think about this poor woman and the child in her womb ! '' 
 puteri siti tried to persuade her . 
 `` kakanda puteri siti , even though you married pangeran first , but i 'm still his main wife . 
 i have made my decision , and no is no . 
 i wo n't take a shameless woman like that as part of our family . '' 
 `` farida , what happened to her was n't her fault , it was mine . '' 
 `` good , then you deal with it alone ! 
 do n't involve me ! 
 i do n't want anything to do with this problem . '' 
 she said . 
 `` if i ca n't be happy , i wo n't let you be happy either . '' 
 she thought while looking at her husband with hatred . 
 she stood up and left the living room . 
 even though lotus palace was a beautiful and serene estate , she never felt happy there . 
 she hated it since the day she moved in , after her wedding day . 
 for her , it symbolizes oppression and imprisonment , imprisoned by marriage to the brother of the man she loved . 
 * * * soraya sat in front of the ustaz as the marriage contract was made between pangeran abdul kadir and the ustaz that represented her . 
 once the ceremony ended she got up and went into her room locking it from the inside . 
 she sat on her bed looking down at her bulging belly . 
 she was four months already , she hated the creäture inside her like she hated her life . 
 she looked at the newspapers sprawled on her bed , she had been on the front pages lately , but not for good news . 
 they have branded her a tramp , a whore , and many other insults . 
 she cried , she who was once the pride of the nation has now been degraded into a harlot . 
 for next few weeks , she stayed in bed , crying , feeling ashamed and embarrassed about her current condition . 
 she could n't eat , could n't sleep , becoming physically and emotionally drained by the ordeal . 
 pangeran abdul kadir tried to visit her every day , but the sight of him repulsed her . 
 he just sat patiently for hours in front of the door , reading to her children 's fairy tales and fables . 
 at first she would cover her head with a pillow , but then she succeeded in ignoring it . 
 sometimes at night when her mother would go with her in the room , she would sneak a peek at the articles in the tabloids her mother reads , and to her horror , there were still articles about her . 
 this depressed her even more . 
 * * * that night she felt a pain in her stomach she got out of the bed to go to the toilet , but her legs became weak , and she fell to the floor . 
 she tried to stand up but she could n't seem to feel her legs , she dragged her body on the floor , she reached up to wake up her mother who was sleeping in the bed with her , `` ibu , help me , i ca n't walk , and my stomach is hurting . 
 ibu ... '' soraya 's mother opened her eyes , surprised to see her daughter lying on the floor in a pool of blood . 
 `` noor ... noor ... . 
 wake up , come here , help us ... '' she shouted out . 
 `` nooooooor ... '' noor came running into the room , she was stunned at the door seeing the condition inside there . 
 `` miss soraya , madam , what happened . '' 
 `` noor , call an ambulance , hurry , soraya is having a miscarriage . '' 
 she shouted hysterically . 
 noor ran out of the room into the living room to look for the phone . 
 she did n't know the number to call for an ambulance , but she remembered that the man that often accompanied the crown prince to visit her young mistress left his phone number with her , and that she had kept it in the drawer . 
 she took out the piece of paper and turned the dialer according to the numbers written there . 
 a woman answered , `` hello this is the residence of raden hamza ... '' `` madam , i 'm sorry to call at this hour , i am calling from miss soraya 's house . 
 miss soraya is the junior wife of your highness pangeran mahkota . 
 please , i need to talk to raden hamza , it 's an emergency . '' 
 `` one minute . '' 
 `` who is this ? '' 
 a man answered . 
 `` is this raden hamza ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` raden , i 'm noor from miss soraya 's house . 
 raden we need your help , miss soraya is on the floor bleeding , she 's in much pain . 
 i do n't know what number to call for an ambulance , can you please tell me sir , please . '' 
 `` i 'm coming there , please keep madam soraya and her mother calm . '' 
 `` what is it , bang ? '' 
 raden nabilla asked sitting up in the bed . 
 `` madam soraya , my cousin 's junior wife . '' 
 `` oh the one that was miss jothar , oh the poor woman , it was horrible what abang pangeran did to her . '' 
 `` and it 's getting worse , her maid just call me , madam soraya was on the floor bleeding . '' 
 `` oh , my goodness , abang , you should hurry and help her . '' 
 `` i have to call my cousin to let him know about this situation . '' 
 `` i 'll call him , you hurry , get changed and go . 
 you should n't waste any time . 
 her life might be in danger . '' 
 * * * he arrived in front of the house and ran towards it . 
 he knocked hastily on the door , not long after noor opened it . 
 `` where is madam soraya ? '' 
 he asked her . 
 `` she 's inside the room , raden . 
 we lifted her to the bed , but she 's bleeding so much . 
 i think she lost the baby . '' 
 he ran into the room , forgetting to knock the door , he barged in . 
 `` raden , thank goodness . '' 
 soraya 's mother stood up to greet him . 
 `` madam , i 'm going to take your daughter to the hospital , please pack her clothes . 
 please excuse me . '' 
 he said , walking to the bed . 
 he carried soraya and ran to his car . 
 her mother followed behind him . 
 he put her in the back seat . 
 soraya 's mother sat with her , placing her daughter 's head in her lap . 
 he speeded to the royal hospital , luckily at that time of night there were hardly any cars on the road . 
 he parked in front of the emergency unit , hurried down , and carried soraya out , she was already unconscious . 
 * * * pangeran abdul kadir paced nervously in front of the operation room . 
 two hours had passed , but the doctors still have n't come out . 
 he was already ready to burst into the operating room . 
 `` cousin , what are you doing here ? '' 
 he heard raden hamza 's voice from the distance . 
 `` i 'm waiting for the doctor 's to come out of the operating room . '' 
 he replied . 
 `` why ? 
 do you need to ask something ? '' 
 `` i 'm waiting for them to finish operating my wife . 
 cousin do you think i 'm a heartless person , that these things do n't affect me ? '' 
 `` but your wife is already in the vip room . 
 she was operated , over there in the room down the hall . '' 
 `` ah ? 
 oh ... i did n't know that . 
 well then , come with me to her room cousin . '' 
 raden hamza shook his head , trying to hide his laughter . 
 they entered soraya 's room together . 
 the doctor was there observing her . 
 `` how is she doctor ? '' 
 pangeran abdul kadir asked . 
 `` your highness pangeran , we could n't save your son . 
 i 'm very sorry . '' 
 `` a son ? 
 if it is the will of god , there is nothing we can do . '' 
 he replied , `` how 's my wife ? '' 
 `` she lost a lot of blood , and we had to give her some transfusion . 
 her condition is very delicate . 
 she has thrombocytopenia , this caused her to bleed profusely . 
 we have given her medications , we need to keep a close observation on her . '' 
 `` and what is the cause of this thrombo ... thrombo ... '' pangeran abdul kadir not remembering the term . 
 `` thrombocytopenia , it could be caused by several different reasons , malnutrition or viral or bacterial infection , we will know more once we get the lab tests . 
 there is another issue , your highness . '' 
 `` what other issues ? '' 
 `` your wife might not be able to have another baby again . '' 
 pangeran abdul kadir felt as though he had been hit by lightning . 
 `` doctor , please do everything you can to help my wife . '' 
 `` yes pangeran . '' 
 he replied . 
 * * * the month-long hospitalization was a nightmare for her . 
 the constant smell of medicines , the horrible tasting food , even the nurses , everything in the royal hospital was just a bad experience for her . 
 pangeran abdul kadir visited her every day , and stayed for several hours against her wishes . 
 he was becoming a common sight for her , and soon she felt his presence becoming less irritating . 
 then , as normal as the furniture in the hospital room . 
 `` soraya are you feeling better ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` why is the hospital bill becoming too expensive for you to pay ? '' 
 she replied sarcastically . 
 `` soraya , do n't be like that , you know i genuinely want to know about your condition . '' 
 he said . 
 `` why are you still coming here every day ? '' 
 `` you 're my wife , i have to be by your side during times like this . '' 
 `` the baby is gone now , there 's no reason for us to stay married to each other . 
 besides , do n't you have other wives to respond to ? '' 
 `` i do respond to them , but at this moment you 're the one who needs me the most . '' 
 `` when i get out of here , i want to go home to a new house , and a car . 
 can you make that happen ? '' 
 she said plainly without any emotions . 
 her reputation , career and future was ruined , she was n't about to act high and mighty by refusing material gifts from him , for her at that moment pride and dignity was just an illusion . 
 so if she was going to ask for gifts , she would n't settle for small things . 
 hearing her request , pangeran abdul kadir smiled happily . 
 `` of course , i 'll buy you a nice big house , in the upper class area of wirakarta . '' 
 `` for the car i want nothing less than a bmw . '' 
 she said again . 
 `` soraya , as long as it would make you happy , i 'll go and fetch the sun and moon for you . '' 
 he said while trying to hold her hand . 
 she brushed his hand away . 
 `` i never said a house and a car will make me happy . 
 i just think that it 's a small down payment for everything you 've made me go through . '' 
 `` of course , of course , anything you want , my love , just tell me and i 'll give it to you . '' 
 * * * her life was certainly easier , she did n't have to run around from job to job , but she had lost the thrill of feeling the fulfillment of earning her own keep . 
 yes , life was easy , too easy , so easy that is was rendered dull and monotonous . 
 month after month dragged by , she ate well and slept well , and she felt herself becoming useless . 
 out of boredom she called a familiar phone number , `` benny , how 's business lately . '' 
 she said in her no small talk attitude . 
 `` sor , or now should i call you madam soraya ? '' 
 `` do n't be silly , call me like you 've always called me . '' 
 `` i have to admit , you surprised me , acting all dignified and hard to get in front of pangeran abdul kadir , and after a few cups of champagne , you were flirting with him and teasing him like a wild woman . '' 
 `` i did what ? '' 
 `` oh come on , this is me you 're talking to , you do n't have to pretend . 
 i saw you with my own eyes throwing yourself all over him . 
 he is handsome , besides rich and powerful , it would be strange if a woman did n't fall head over heels for him . '' 
 `` but what do you mean i was flirting with him ? '' 
 `` my dear , you were so drunk you were making such a big fool out of yourself , even i felt embarrassed for you , could it be that you do n't remember ? 
 i had to give up my hotel room for you and book another one . 
 luckily pangeran abdul kadir was there to bring you upstairs . '' 
 `` benny , why did n't you tell me about this before ? '' 
 `` how could i , my dear . 
 every time i tried to bring that night up , you would cut me off and change the subject . '' 
 `` benny , i have to hang up now , let 's talk again some other time . '' 
 `` why do n't you come to my shop sometime ? '' 
 `` okay , i will . '' 
 benny hung up the phone with a smile , `` i should report to the prince that i 've talked to her . '' 
 he said to himself . 
 * * * soraya sat alone in the living room , even though it was beginning to be dark . 
 she did n't bother to turn on the lights . 
 she sat thinking about what benny said , about her current life , about her marriage , at the moment , her universe feels empty and senseless . 
 she had no career , no need to work , no love , no dreams , nothing . 
 she lied down on the couch and closed her eyes . 
 her heart was cold and her eyes can no longer cry . 
 * * * soraya walked through the mall slowly , none of the items on display interested her . 
 her eyes caught a glimpse of an older woman . 
 walking alone just like her . 
 she had a realization , that older woman is her . 
 in the future , she 'd be like that , walking all alone in a shopping center , with no one by her side , no children to visit her . 
 `` how terrible . '' 
 she thought . 
 that night was a wednesday night , pangeran abdul kadir always stayed at her house on wednesdays . 
 she realized that no matter how much she despised him , he was still her husband . 
 standing at a cross road , she had to decide which way she wanted to take . 
 to live her life alone in anger and contempt , or to accept her condition . 
 she chose the latter . 
 she prepared a special meal , and dressed herself nicely . 
 instead of hiding herself in the room as she always did , she sat in the living room , instructing the maid to let her know when her husband arrived . 
 he was surprised when she greeted him at the door . 
 and even more surprised knowing that she had cooked him dinner and was about to serve it to him . 
 `` do n't worry , i 'm not trying to poison you ! '' 
 she said while taking a spoonful from his plate and eating it . 
 `` soraya , i never thought of you that way , and even if you did put poison in the food , i 'll eat it anyway if it could redeem what i 've done to you . '' 
 he replied . 
 `` pangeran , i do admit what happened that night was not totally your fault , i suppose i had a small level of guilt too . 
 i should have been firm and refused the champagne . 
 i still think it was very wrong of you to have taken advantage of me . 
 but i 'm willing to let go of the past and work on our relationship , let 's start by getting to know each other better . '' 
 `` soraya ... . . '' 
 he whispered . 
 `` thank you ! '' 
 * * * marriage was definitely a complicated idea to comprehend for soraya , especially sharing a husband with two other women . 
 it was like having a part-timer as the manager of the company , she was alone most of the time , and her husband 's function was just for occasional sex and a money tree . 
 that all settled in well with soraya , she was decided to pick up her life . 
 she visited benny again to see what has changed in the fashion world . 
 and reconnecting with old acquaintances . 
 it was hard at first , but thanks to her determination to swallow her pride , she surpassed it . 
 life was becoming brighter for soraya . 
 one day while visiting her mother 's ' boutique , she received a visit from a man , he looked like her husband but had stronger features , a bit taller and more buff . 
 `` madam soraya , i 'm the brother of your highness pangeran abdul kadir , i am your highness pangeran bashir '' `` brother ... ... '' `` i need you to listen to me , '' he said superciliously `` it 's up to me whether i chose to listen or not . '' 
 she replied brazenly . 
 `` how insolent . '' 
 he hissed . 
 `` how can i help you , your majesty ? '' 
 she replied mocking his use of honorifics to introduce himself . 
 `` i want you to do something for me , for a woman like you , this would n't be difficult . '' 
 `` thank you for trusting me with the task . 
 please turn around and leave . '' 
 she said holding the urge to strangle him . 
 `` listen to me , woman ! '' 
 `` please leave , man ! '' 
 `` i want you to stay away from my brother . '' 
 `` oh ? 
 i was wondering when someone from his family will be looking for me to tell me that . '' 
 she asked straightforwardly . 
 `` i 'm doing this for the sake of his wife , puteri farida . 
 he does n't make her happy . 
 he married her only to find other wives and he does n't love her . '' 
 `` only for her and not for the other one ? 
 ah ... ... i see ... ... so you are ... . 
 you are concerned about your sister in law 's wellbeing , how noble . '' 
 she said pretending not to understand his real intention . 
 `` my sister in law is a good woman , she does n't deserve to be second to a lowly woman like you . '' 
 `` excuse me ? 
 i thought i heard you call me a lowly woman . '' 
 `` listen ! 
 if you do n't do what i tell you , i 'm going to ruin you so that you 'll be crawling for forgiveness . 
 the news in the tabloids is still nothing compared to what i will do next . '' 
 `` what you will do next ? 
 so the articles in the newspapers , and all those horrible things that they said about me , that was you 're doing ? '' 
 `` just make sure that you do what i tell you , and do n't betray me ! 
 i 'll make you regret if you dare to . '' 
 `` you 're delusional ... '' soraya sneered . 
 chapter thirty four that night she brought up the conversation with her husband . 
 `` pangeran , today was the first time i met your elder brother . '' 
 `` which one ? '' 
 `` the one who 's arrogant and condescending . '' 
 she explained flatly `` does he look a lot like me ? '' 
 `` yes , he does , maybe bigger . '' 
 `` pangeran bashir . 
 how did you meet him ? '' 
 `` he came looking for me . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 pangeran abdul kadir lifted his brow . 
 `` to threaten me to leave you . '' 
 `` hmmmm ... '' `` so what 's the story ? '' 
 `` story ? '' 
 `` between you , him and your senior wife ... '' `` how did you come to think that there was something between the three of us ? '' 
 `` never mind , the less i know the better . '' 
 she said , then continued seductively , `` why do n't we rest for the day ? '' 
 pangeran abdul kadir felt as if his soul flew through the roof , he picked her up and carried her to the bedroom . 
 that morning the first thing she did after showering was call mulyo , her friend who worked for wirakarta post . 
 she made an appointment to meet him at a café that afternoon . 
 `` sor , how are you ? 
 how 's the married life ? '' 
 he greeted her with small talk . 
 `` how do you think it is ? '' 
 she responded . 
 they sat down and ordered their drinks . 
 `` mul , i have a lead that might be interesting for your gossip column . '' 
 she said after taking a sip from the coffee . 
 `` i do n't do celebrity gossips anymore . 
 i 'm trying to be a real reporter , you know the ones that cover real news . 
 the type of news that you probably never read . '' 
 she smiled patiently , `` i read this story once , a fairy tale , about two royal princes , and a princess . 
 maybe one of them is a crown prince . '' 
 `` your husband ? '' 
 she smiled again , `` why would i be telling you about the skeletons in my husband 's closet ? '' 
 `` tell me more . '' 
 he began to become curious . 
 `` so , you 're interested are you ? '' 
 she teased . 
 `` so the story goes the country 's crown prince , who has several wives , and this wife bore him a son and heir to the kingdom . 
 but apparently she had some history with his brother , a brother who happens to be a strong military man , in very high position . 
 i hear that he still has n't forgotten her and tries to be her guardian angel . '' 
 `` what 's in it for you ? '' 
 `` me ? 
 nothing , i 'm just a concern citizen who thinks that the people have the rights to ... ... read fairy tales , that 's all . '' 
 she acted innocently . 
 `` right ! 
 i 've known you since we were kids , remember ? '' 
 `` so i just told you a fairytale that i read a few days ago , nothing more . '' 
 `` your fairytale is an interesting one . 
 i think i 'll elaborate , dig deeper , and publish it . '' 
 he said with high spirit , `` do you want to hear a secret gossip from the fashion industry ? '' 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` your mentor benny tung , he just got a big financial injection , by no other than the crown prince , your husband . 
 did you know about that ? '' 
 `` my husband and ... benny ? '' 
 soraya blinked in disbelief . 
 of course , benny was the one who introduced them , and he also invited the crown prince to the party . 
 soraya 's face became pale . 
 `` just make sure you blow this fairy tale in a huge proportion . '' 
 she growled . 
 * * * soraya spent the day digging into her mother 's kitchen . 
 her mother had always been a good cook , but today , her cooking was extra delicious , it left her wanting more . 
 after her second plate , she was still unsatisfied and decided to raid the fridge . 
 `` soraya , what are you doing ? 
 does n't your husband feed you ? '' 
 her mother asked feeling curious about her daughter 's behavior . 
 `` he does , but the maids at home do n't cook as well as you do , ibu . '' 
 she replied while taking another bite at the chicken leg in her hand . 
 `` ibu , i 'm going to leave you some money , tomorrow i 'm coming back here for lunch . 
 i want liver and potato in chili sauce and lamb fried rice . '' 
 she yawned , `` i 'm sleepy . 
 i think i 'm going to lie down in my old room . '' 
 `` soraya , did n't you always say that it 's not good to sleep after a meal ? '' 
 her mother feeling astonished at her daughter 's change . 
 soraya yawned again , `` it 's not . 
 but i 'm tired . 
 maybe i 'm going to stay here tonight since my husband is n't coming to my house . '' 
 `` soraya , are you happy ? 
 with this life that you have now ? 
 does it make you happy ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 she answered without hesitation . 
 `` you should walk away . 
 we can both leave . '' 
 `` where to , ibu ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , we can go to singapore or london . 
 your aunt lives there . '' 
 `` let me think about it . '' 
 * * * she was pregnant again . 
 that was the result of the blood test the doctor did . 
 she thought that she had become barren , but apparently miracles do happen . 
 this time soraya did n't know what to make of the news . 
 she caressed her belly carefully not knowing whether to love or hate the little person inside of her . 
 as she walked down the street feeling unsure about her condition , she passed by a bookstore . 
 there in the window the news was on the front page . 
 jothar 's royal love triangle . 
 soraya 's eyes beamed reading the article through the glass . 
 she took this as a good sign , from today on her life will blossom again . 
 * * * `` and because your father had to do damage control due to that article , he had no choice but to divorce me . 
 it was good of him to make sure that you and i were financially secured , and that allowed me and my mother to immigrate to england and start our new lives there . '' 
 soraya concluded her story . 
 `` wow , and i always thought that you were with my father because you loved him . '' 
 `` i 'm grateful to him , for giving me you . 
 but i do n't love him . 
 how could i ? 
 after all that happened . '' 
 `` you are very strong and brave , mama ... , '' paramita said moving close to madam soraya hugging her and kissing her cheek . 
 madam soraya pulled her daughter into her arms , `` mita , i 'm sorry i was never a good mother for you . 
 i took out my frustrations at your father on you , that was n't fair and i treated you badly . 
 i promise that i 'll change from now on . 
 you can count on me for anything . '' 
 * * * `` why are you doing this ? '' 
 raden nabilla said while throwing the newspaper on her brother 's desk . 
 `` is this why you brought dewi to my son 's wedding ? '' 
 jonathan looked up at his sister , `` come on , no harm down , we were just enjoying a little bit of publicity . 
 that 's all . '' 
 `` i 'm warning you , joni , stop fooling around , if you mess with any of my children again , i 'm going to tell papa on you ! 
 remember what he told you ? 
 if you mess up one more time , he 's going to take your rights to lead the company . '' 
 she threatened . 
 `` he 's not you real son anyway . '' 
 raden nabilla opened her eyes widely with fury , `` not my real son ? 
 who dares to say that ? 
 i raised him since he was a little boy . 
 he 's my son ! 
 i 'm his mother ! 
 not that woman who abandons him when he needed her most . 
 if anybody dares to deny it , i wo n't forgive them ! '' 
 she turned around to walk out of his office , when coincidently dewi walked in . 
 `` good afternoon , raden nabilla . '' 
 dewi greeted her with familiarity . 
 `` young lady , have a little bit of dignity ! 
 stop chasing after my son . 
 he does n't want you anymore ! 
 it was your fault he turned away , he kept asking you for marriage and you always rejected him , it was me who had to watch him suffer every time you threw his heart to the ground . 
 did you think he is the kind of selfish man who would prohibit his wife to work after marriage ? 
 in every relationship , there is a give and take , why did he have to be the one to always give and sacrifice for you while you were never willing to give in even slightly for him . 
 now he 's happy with someone else , he 's in love and starting a family , so leave him alone ! '' 
 she scold before leaving the office and slamming the door behind her . 
 * * * `` oh wow , i did n't know that was how your parents met and married . '' 
 ali said as he chopped the onions on the kitchen counter then throwing it into the frying pan . 
 `` eh-he , i used to dislike my father , now i despise him for what he did to my mother . '' 
 paramita answered . 
 `` can you please pass me the salt ? '' 
 he pointed to the bottle in front of her . 
 she handed it to him , `` bang , my mother brought a tabloid along with her , you could n't believe what was on the front page . '' 
 she showed him the paper that her mother gave her . 
 ali turned his head to read it , `` that 's a cheap way to promote an album . 
 i ca n't believe she would stoop so low . '' 
 `` yeah , i find it sick how they are prying into our sex life . '' 
 `` well ... , it 's not our sex life that they want to know about , it 's the product of it . 
 no sex means no heir . '' 
 ali explained plainly . 
 `` great ! 
 now i 'm a baby factory . '' 
 `` mita , i know it has been hard on you . 
 but it 's going to get harder starting tomorrow after the announcement , there will be more eyes watching us . '' 
 `` yeah , i know . 
 i just wish your ex-girlfriend would n't try to hitchhike on our popularity . '' 
 she lamented . 
 `` if i had married prince hasan , maybe it would 've been easier on me , at least he did n't have a famous girlfriend . '' 
 ali stopped what he was doing , `` i 'm sorry that your father made you marry a low born social climber like me , instead of a real crown prince from a big country . 
 if you compare me to him , i 'm absolutely nothing . 
 i ca n't even protect you from all this gossip and scrutiny . '' 
 paramita did n't expect him to answer that way , his voice sounded earnest . 
 `` bang , i did n't mean to offend you . '' 
 `` i 'm not offended . 
 if i knew that you would come into my life one day , i would have never gotten involved with any other women . 
 i want to be a husband who you can be proud of , who makes you happy , and who would never disappoint you . 
 maybe i ca n't match up to a person like prince hasan , but i can do my best to make you love me and never regret that you married me . '' 
 paramita felt bad , she realized that all this time she was too preoccupied with her own fears and insecurity to realize what ali was going through inside , `` bang , i. . . '' 
 `` hey it 's ready , come on let 's eat . '' 
 ali cut her off , `` here , i want you to taste my world class stir fried meat . 
 guaranteed to make you come back for more . '' 
 `` hey , '' she grabbed his wrist , `` i 'm sorry , do n't think too much about what i said . '' 
 he held her cheeks and kissed her lips gently . 
 `` bang ... '' she whispered `` mita , it 's me who should apologize , i did n't mean to make you feel bad . 
 it 's just that i miss you so much , and it 's making me a bit paranoid . 
 but do n't worry about it , i wo n't pressure you for anything , okay ? 
 now let 's eat . '' 
 paramita nodded , `` so , tell me . 
 how was your day today ? '' 
 `` well , i made sure that they emptied out all my belongings in my room . 
 i 've never realized how much garbage i 've collected throughout the years . '' 
 `` i 'm just glad , we 're done with all this moving . 
 it 's tiring . 
 but do you know what i found most unbelievable ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` how in the world could a man have so many clothes ? 
 you are a lot vainer than i thought . '' 
 ali laughed . 
 `` do n't blame me , my mother always buys us new outfits every month , for me and for hafiz . 
 i do n't think i 've even wore all of them . '' 
 `` ah ... , well , i never buy my own clothes either . '' 
 she smiled . 
 they heard the sound of a phone ringing , a few minutes later , rini showed up at the kitchen door , `` your highness pangeran , there is a call for you from the office of the sultan . '' 
 she reported . 
 ali looked at mita who lifted her shoulder . 
 `` i 'll take the call from here . '' 
 he said . 
 he picked up the phone , then waited for the sound of a click indicating that the other one had been put down before answering , `` hello . '' 
 paramita did n't pay attention to what he was saying over the phone , she did n't want to be the type of wife who spies at her husband . 
 instead , she concentrated on her food . 
 `` well , so much for our honeymoon . '' 
 ali said while sitting back in his chair . 
 `` what did they say ? '' 
 `` we have to attend an event tomorrow at the wirakarta continental , hosted by a very large international financial institution . 
 your father wants me to take the opportunity to introduce myself to their honchos . 
 it 's a good chance to discuss opportunities for opening up jothar to foreign investments . '' 
 `` ah ... okay , well i suppose there 's nothing we can do but attend . '' 
 `` the good news is , that it 's a black tie event , so you would n't have to be squeezed into a girdle . '' 
 * * * they walked into the venue , paramita held on to ali 's forearm . 
 this was the first time she had seen him in a black tie suit , he looked handsome and elegant as always , she admired his chameleon like ability , he was one way with her at home , but another way outside . 
 now he looked serious and charismatic , befitting of a crown prince . 
 she wore a beige colored off shoulder gown , since it was a high profile event , she did n't dare to wear her fake diamonds . 
 instead , she chose to put on the only real ones she had . 
 they were greeted at the door by the country manager of the company , her name was susan deck . 
 she politely welcomed them in and introduced them to the rest of his team . 
 `` your highnesses , let me introduce you to the president of our company , this is george beckman . 
 george , this is his highness the crown prince of jothar prince burhanuddin ali and his wife princess paramita ali . '' 
 `` it 's nice to meet you , your highness prince ali , your highness princess paramita . '' 
 george smiled . 
 they were presented to the other members of the high management team and their respective spouses . 
 paramita found herself enjoying the conversation she had with susan , she was a very knowledgeable woman , very direct but prudent . 
 she also paid careful attention as ali on several occasions subtly pitched his investment proposal to george . 
 the latter became interested in his idea and they agreed to take the discussion to the next level on a later day . 
 `` yes we are definitely interested . '' 
 george said nodding his head . 
 ali smiled , satisfied at the response he received . 
 `` excellent , i 'm glad to hear that . 
 we will arrange a meeting with sultan sometime next week . '' 
 `` it would be my honor to meet your father the sultan . '' 
 george replied . 
 `` ah , his majesty is my father in law . '' 
 ali explained . 
 `` oh , excuse me , i was n't aware . '' 
 `` i 'm just a prince consort , my wife is the sultan 's daughter . 
 i am a prince because of my princess . '' 
 `` ah ... i see . '' 
 `` as you can see , my husband is a very intelligent and capable man , he is the crown prince because of his abilities and not because of his right of birth . '' 
 paramita added . 
 `` i have to agree with her highness . '' 
 george countered . 
 * * * `` do you really think that i deserve the crown prince position for my capabilities ? '' 
 he asked as they were leaving the venue . 
 `` yes i do ! '' 
 she assured . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 he whispered , `` you 're very beautiful tonight . '' 
 `` and you 're charming as always . '' 
 `` come on , i have a surprise for you . '' 
 he said while pulling her hand . 
 `` what surprise ? '' 
 he brought her to the pool , it was decorated with lines of candles on the floor and flower bouquets . 
 `` what 's all this ? '' 
 she was dumbfounded . 
 `` you said that you wanted to be a princess like your friend libby . '' 
 he said . 
 `` lizzy . '' 
 she corrected . 
 `` i ca n't make you become your father 's princess , but would you be mine instead ? '' 
 four violinists came out on queue playing the waltz . 
 `` may i have this dance ? '' 
 he asked extending his hand to her . 
 she nodded taking it . 
 as he pulled her close he whispered , `` do n't get angry if i accidently stomp on your foot . '' 
 `` how romantic ... '' she whispered back trying not to laugh . 
 ali smiled as he moved his right foot forward , paramita took the queue to move her left foot back , and they danced to the smooth classical music . 
 tonight she got a chance to discover another side of him . 
 the side of a professional at work , of an economist who is working for his country and his dreams . 
 a different side of the husband she had become familiar with these past few weeks . 
 `` on the night of our wedding reception , you said that you did n't want to sleep on the bed because of the flower petals , why is that ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` i do n't know , it just reminded me of a time when i was five years old , my father took me to a funeral , he told me to wait outside , but i got bored and went to look for him , that 's when i saw the deceased lying on the ... '' he swallowed his spit `` you do n't have to continue , i can imagine what you felt at the time . '' 
 she said gently . 
 `` anyway , i ca n't get my mind around who came up with the sick and perverse idea of putting flower petals on a bed meant for a couple who just got married . '' 
 he frowned . 
 `` it 's supposed to be romantic , silly ... '' she laughed . 
 `` so what do you think they should use to decorate a bridal bed ? '' 
 `` i do n't know ... '' he thought for a while , `` apples maybe ... ah ... strawberries ... '' `` durian ... '' she laughed again . 
 `` i 'll take durian over flower petals . '' 
 he replied in a serious tone . 
 paramita could n't help but laugh louder imagining the scene , durian husk on a bridal bed that would be something different . 
 ali smiled seeing her cheerfulness , `` i see that you 're having a good time . '' 
 `` i am , thank you ... '' she replied . 
 `` i ca n't allow you to put durians on our bed . '' 
 `` aww ... . '' 
 he pretended to look disappointed . 
 she moved closer to him then whispered in his ear , `` but i will allow you `` un petit mort '' tonight . '' 
 ali choked slightly , he stopped his steps then looked at her , trying to see if she was serious or just teasing him . 
 seeing her expression , he waved the violinists away , then pulled her by the hand into the lobby . 
 he walked right up to the front desk , `` do you have any available suites ? '' 
 paramita was baffled , `` are you crazy ? 
 what if ... '' `` i am crazy , i 'm happily crazy , `` he said while taking out his credit card and giving it to the hotel staff . 
 `` sir , we do n't have any available suites , we have a deluxe room available though . '' 
 `` i 'll take it . '' 
 he replied without a doubt . 
 `` bang ... '' paramita blushed . 
 `` the name you would like to register , sir ? '' 
 the receptionist asked . 
 `` burhan and sawitri '' he replied , glancing at his wife . 
 the receptionist gave him a key card , `` room 506 , you can take the elevator on the left , do you have any luggage ? '' 
 ali shook his head , `` let 's go '' he said to paramita . 
 he pulled her into an embrace when they were in the elevator , he kissed her hair several times . 
 `` bang , there 's a cctv there . '' 
 she reminded him . 
 `` it 's not like i 'm doing anything x rated . '' 
 he replied coolly . 
 the elevator bell dinged as they reached the fifth floor . 
 ali looked for the direction of the room and led her down the hallway . 
 he swiped the card on the lock then pushed the door open , letting her enter first . 
 he quickly followed in , letting the door close . 
 ali did n't give her chance to speak , he pulled her to him and began attacking her lips , ravishing her tongue with all his sense of longing . 
 he pushed her lower back closer towards him , pressing her chest on his and kneading her back with his hands as she circled her arms around his neck . 
 he slowly lowered her zipper , letting her gown drop in a pile on the floor . 
 she helped him take off his jacket , then his tie without releasing his lips . 
 ali carefully sat her down on the bed , he removed his shirt and pants , kicking his shoes and pulling off his socks , before leaning over to kiss her again . 
 paramita dropped herself backward on the bed , pulling him beside her . 
 she sighed at the touch of his hand tracing her lower abdomen , he tasted her skin , taking in all her sweetness . 
 he subtly moved his hand to remove the remaining cloth between them . 
 paramita allowed all her senses to meet his . 
 she closed her eyes as she surrendered completely to his passion . 
 chapter thirty five ali dropped himself on the mattress , panting and gasping for air . 
 his bare chest dripping with sweat . 
 paramita glanced from the corner of her eyes at her husband . 
 she threw a roundhouse kick at the punching bag , before picking up the small towel and the bottle of water at the corner of the training hall . 
 she approached him and sat beside him on the mattress . 
 `` i think i 'm going to suffer a heart attack ... . '' 
 ali whispered . 
 paramita did n't want to seem mean , but she could n't help but hide a smile . 
 `` you have been busy with work lately and you do n't exercise regularly , i do n't think it 's a good idea to force yourself , how many laps did you run ? '' 
 she used the towel to wipe the sweat from his face and chest . 
 `` i ran ten laps ... '' he said , his breath already calm . 
 `` come on , let me help you up , take a drink of water . '' 
 she put her arm under his head and helped him to sit . 
 she opened the water bottle and brought it to his mouth . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 he said . 
 `` help me stand up . '' 
 `` poor baby ! '' 
 she said in a cutesy voice . 
 `` good morning , pangeran and puteri . '' 
 colonel anton approached them . 
 `` good morning colonel , '' ali replied . 
 `` good morning . '' 
 paramita also greeted him . 
 `` pangeran , we have assigned captain bagas to your residence , pangeran . 
 he will be reporting for duty this afternoon . '' 
 ali nodded , he patted the colonel on the shoulder , `` thank you colonel . '' 
 he said . 
 he turned to his wife then whispered , `` help me walk to the car . 
 i ca n't feel my legs . '' 
 he put his arm around her shoulder so she could help him walk . 
 * * * `` reporting for duty , pangeran . '' 
 captain bagas stood in front of ali . 
 `` captain bagas , it 's great to have you as part of my staff , '' ali replied with a kind smile . 
 `` the honor is mine pangeran . 
 belated congratulations on your new positions as crown prince . 
 i 'm sorry i only congratulated you three months after . '' 
 `` thank you ! 
 better late than never . 
 this is mister ariawan , he is the chief of staff here in the lotus palace . 
 he will show you to your room and introduce you to your men . '' 
 `` please this way captain bagas . '' 
 mister ariawan signaled . 
 `` thank you , pangeran . 
 please excuse me . '' 
 he bowed to ali and left with mister ariawan . 
 `` so , you got your very own little army of royal guards assigned to you huh ? 
 paramita said casually while entering ali 's study . 
 `` it 's protocol . '' 
 he replied . 
 `` and what will a simple housewife like me know about protocol . '' 
 paramita sighed standing by his side . 
 she placed a stack of newspapers on his desk . 
 ali pulled her down on his lap . 
 `` what indeed . '' 
 he replied . 
 `` what are these ? '' 
 he asked while looking at the bundle on his desk . 
 `` this is today 's edition and some past editions of wirakarta daily . 
 according to them you bought a house for dewi and maybe soon you 'll marry her as your second wife , today there 's even speculations that she might be one or two months pregnant with your child , because she was caught vomiting behind stage . '' 
 `` she always vomits behind stage since the first day i knew her , she puts her finger down her throat after each meals . 
 how could she not vomit ? 
 i feel bad for whoever cooks for her . 
 and how can i make some other woman one or two months pregnant if for the past three months i 'm either at the sultan 's palace with your father , or here getting drained until the last drop every single day by you ? '' 
 `` you dirty old man ! '' 
 she replied . 
 `` anyway i have n't been buying any properties lately , but i know someone who 's been busy doing it . 
 so simple housewife . 
 tell me , what is this i hear about your land acquisitions ? 
 do you mind sharing it with me ? '' 
 she smiled , `` are you spying on me ? '' 
 `` is it supposed to be a secret from me ? '' 
 `` not really . 
 just some business dealings of mine . 
 and they are not land acquisitions . 
 i 'm buying old houses , i plan to restore them , then sell them . 
 that 's all . 
 i have to find some way to spend my dowry . '' 
 `` ahh ... so you 're working ? '' 
 `` why you do n't permit me to ? '' 
 `` of course i do ! 
 but when you need to go out on surveys , you should n't go alone . 
 take the guards with you . '' 
 `` okay i will . '' 
 she said as placed her head against his . 
 `` what company are you going to hire for the construction project ? '' 
 he asked again . 
 `` i think i 'm going to invite several companies to bid . 
 the properties i bought are in wirakarta 's upscale locations , so i think a lot of constructors will be interested to participate in the project . '' 
 `` hmm , you have it well planned . '' 
 then he continued carefully . 
 `` mita , it 's not that i want to get in your way or anything , hafiz owns a construction company ... '' `` bang , if he wants to bid and he gives me a fair and competitive proposal , i do n't have any intentions on favoring or discriminating against him . '' 
 `` i appreciate your professionalism , but i ca n't help feeling a little ... '' `` jealous ? '' 
 paramita cut him , `` bang . 
 i will make sure to study each proposal and make sure they are reasonable , before i compare apples to apples and then award the contract . '' 
 `` okay . 
 i want to see them though . 
 let 's say i 'll audit the financial side of it . '' 
 `` okay , boss . '' 
 `` what do you want to eat tonight ? '' 
 `` are you going to cook for me ? '' 
 `` eh-he ... '' `` let me see , hm ... . '' 
 she said as flashes of dishes passed before her eyes . 
 `` i know . 
 spanish paella , with real saffron . '' 
 he said without waiting for her respond . 
 `` i 'm so lucky to have married to you . '' 
 she smiled and kissed his cheek . 
 `` you are , are n't you ? 
 but you have to pay this dirty old man in advance for the meal . '' 
 he said while lifting her up on the big desk and pulling her skirt up . 
 * * * `` you want me to meet you at a café ? '' 
 paramita said to the woman at the other side of the phone . 
 `` i have absolutely no business with you . '' 
 `` i have to talk to you ! '' 
 dewi said . 
 `` please , listen to what i have to say to you . 
 ca n't you see that all this is killing me ? '' '' 
 look dewi , know that you 're hurting . 
 i 'm sorry for everything that you had to go through , but please let him go already ! '' 
 `` that 's easy for you to say , you 're not the one who lost the man you love the most in this world . '' '' 
 okay , i 'll meet with you , but this will be the last time . '' 
 she paused to find a pen and paper . 
 `` tell me where you want to meet . '' 
 `` promise me you would n't tell him that you 're going to meet me . '' 
 dewi said . 
 `` fine ! '' 
 paramita flagged a taxi in front of the palace gate , since she was going to meet with dewi i she did n't want to bother any of the guards . 
 she did n't consider dewi to be a danger to her . 
 that woman had lost her mind , but she was very pitiful more than anything else . 
 after being in love with ali for a few months she could empathize with dewi . 
 the taxi slowed down in front of a small café located at wirakarta 's shopping district . 
 she paid the taxi fare and stepped down , she took off her dark sunglasses checked the name of the café again , before entering . 
 she looked around to see if dewi had arrived or not , she saw a petite woman sitting at a corner table wearing dark sunglasses in an attempt to remain incognito . '' 
 she must think that she 's that famous '' . 
 paramita thought to herself . 
 she walked over to where dewi was sitting . 
 through the corner of her eye she can see people looking at her . 
 she wondered if they recognized her , keeping a calm front she directed herself to the table , pulled back the chair and sat down . 
 `` what do you want to talk about ? '' 
 paramita asked without small talk . 
 `` why do n't we order something to drink first ? '' 
 dewi said stalling . 
 dewi signaled to the waiter to come to their table and take the order . 
 `` cappuccino , please . '' 
 paramita ordered . 
 `` black coffee for me . '' 
 dewi said . 
 `` i do n't have all day ! '' 
 parameter started again , `` say what you want to say , i 'm listening ! '' 
 `` i want you to see how much i 'm suffering . 
 i want you to see what you 've done to me . '' 
 dewi said in a melancholy tone . 
 `` it 's getting old and tiring ! 
 what are you hoping to gain by all this pity party ? '' 
 `` you 're cruel , you 're mean . 
 when we met at the restaurant , you already knew that you were engaged to him , but you pretended to be interested in our relationship , you were asking about our plans for marriage . 
 you did that on purpose did you ? 
 you were acting all nice and innocent , but in your heart , you were mocking me . '' 
 `` do you mean you made me come all the way out here just to listen to your nonsense ? '' 
 paramita replied . 
 `` are n't you clear yet that this marriage was n't my choice ? '' 
 `` do you think i did n't know that day at the restaurant , you tried to seduce him ? 
 you flirted and teased him ! 
 soon he will realize what type of a woman you really are , soon he 'll see that you 're nothing but a low class woman masquerading as a princess . '' 
 `` are you done ? '' 
 paramita asked nonchalantly though deep down she had to admit that dewi was n't without reason . 
 `` if not , please continue with your whining and ranting . '' 
 `` i hate you ! 
 i wish you would just go and die . '' 
 `` i 'm wasting my time here i 'm leaving , i have better things to do then listen to your senseless rambles . 
 you know what ? 
 call me mean , but i wonder how bang ali could stand dating you for three years . 
 you are so boring , one sided and you do n't possess a single shred of common sense . 
 i 'm leaving now . 
 have a good day ! '' 
 she got up and left the table she walked to the cashier and paid the cappuccino that she did n't get a chance to drink . 
 paramita stepped out of the café and waited for a taxi . 
 she caught sight of a black van parked across the street that gave her a very uneasy feeling , as the men inside the van seemed to be observing her . 
 one man came down and looked as if he was going to walk her way . 
 paramita left the spot she was standing at , and walked down the block . 
 from the side of her eyes paramita could see the black audi van speeding by and pulling over a few meters in front of her . 
 she turned left and fastened her pace . 
 two men came out of the car and hurriedly followed behind her . 
 the two men ran past her and blocked her path by standing in front of her . 
 paramita made a quick observation , they did n't appear to be armed . 
 she stepped back a little , then said in a soft and exaggeratedly feminine voice , `` please , let me go , i do n't know you people . 
 what do you want with me ? '' 
 `` young lady , you should feel honored , our lord tuanku pangeran bashir wants to talk to you . '' 
 `` pangeran bashir ? '' 
 she repeated almost as if to herself , `` so the two of you work for him ? '' 
 `` young lady , come with us . '' 
 `` tell the old man , if he wants to talk to me , there are proper ways to do it . 
 he should come out of his car and find me himself instead of sending his goons to me '' she responded harshly . 
 `` impudent woman ! '' 
 the man on the right shouted while moving forward to grab her . 
 paramita jumped back to evade him . 
 seeing that he missed , he charged again with his hand extended ready to grab her . 
 this time she stayed still , she caught his hand and clinched with all her strength the area between his thumb and index finger with her thumb and index finger . 
 the man gasped because of the sharp pain , she clenched her fist and slammed a hook into his diaphragm . 
 he tried to catch his breath , but she did n't give him a chance , she grabbed his shirt and threw him against the wall as hard as she could . 
 he fell flat on his back after his forehead smashed against the brick wall , and she added a stomp kick to his temple to leave him unconscious as his head ricochet against the ground . 
 the other henchman was surprised to see her quick and strong attack , he cursed under his breath and leaped forward . 
 paramita did n't wait for him to get close to her , she moved her foot forward and baited him with a sweep kick , the man was surprised and stopped on his track , that 's when she saw the opportunity and launched a roundhouse kick towards his head . 
 the henchman fell sideways , she approached him and stomped his head with her right foot , causing him to hit the sidewalk hard . 
 he was still conscious so she squatted down and grabbed him by the neck . 
 seeing that paramita was overpowering his men , pangeran bashir opened the car door got off , took out his gun and pointed it at her . 
 `` stop there ! '' 
 pangeran bashir shouted at her while continuing to point his gun at her . 
 `` you really are n't a dignified lady , you 're a low life just like your mother . '' 
 she observed him carefully , this was the first time she ever saw him . 
 he looked much older than her father , even though she heard mentions that they only were three years apart . 
 he had the strict and fierce look of somebody who does n't take any nonsense . 
 `` and you really are a typical machoism brute . 
 you think that women who just roll over and let a man whack her in the head and drag her by the hair is dignified . '' 
 she responded to him while letting go of the guard 's neck . 
 `` put your hands up . '' 
 he said calmly and coldly , then turned to his men , kicking with the tip of his toe to wake them up . 
 `` how could you have the face to take your salary if the two of you could n't even apprehend one woman ? '' 
 `` please forgive us , tuanku . '' 
 they said . 
 pangeran bashir turned back to paramita signaling her to walk to the car . 
 `` get in ! '' 
 he ordered . 
 paramita raised her hands up and complied with what he said . 
 she entered to the back seat of the car with her back towards the driver 's seat . 
 she was surprised to see that dewi was sitting there across her , `` what the ... '' she cursed . 
 `` niece , you must be wondering why miss dewi is her . '' 
 pangeran bashir said as he also climbed into the car . 
 `` not really , birds of a feather flock together . '' 
 paramita mocked . 
 pangeran bashir raised his hand to slap her on the face . 
 paramita reflectively caught him by the wrist and squeezed it . 
 she felt the cold metal from a gun barrel on her neck , she released her grip on the old man 's arm . 
 he pretended that nothing had happen to save his pride . 
 `` drive ! '' 
 he ordered . 
 chapter thirty six `` where did she go to ? '' 
 ali asked noorhayati in disbelief . 
 `` like i said pangeran , after receiving a call from miss dewi , puteri took a taxi , to go out and meet her , '' mak noor repeated . 
 `` did she tell you where she was going to meet dewi ? '' 
 he asked again . 
 `` no , she did n't . 
 but she wrote the place and address on a piece of paper on the notepad by the phone , and if something i know about my puteri well , is that always put a lot of strength and pressure when she wrote , chances are we can see the marks on the next sheet . '' 
 mak noor said while picking up the notepad and tracing the dents that paramita 's handwriting left behind then handed it to ali . 
 `` so you said that she 's been gone for a few hours already ? '' 
 he felt uneasy . 
 `` yes , pangeran , she left since around ten o'clock this morning . '' 
 `` she should have known better to not go out by herself , we still have n't found out who was trying to kill her yet , '' ali mumbled . 
 `` mak noor , the driver to get the car ready and have captain bagas meet me up front . '' 
 * * * they drove to the café written on the notepad . 
 ali entered and talked to the cashier , he showed her the photo of paramita he had in his wallet . 
 `` did you see this woman here today ? '' 
 `` ah yes , i remember her , it 's the woman that was here this afternoon . 
 she came to meet another woman . 
 but i do n't think they were friends though , after talking for some time the other woman started crying and insulting her , what a rude woman , not only did she not bother to take off her dark sunglasses , she was screeching and yelling loudly at the your friend . 
 then the woman in the photo came here to pay the bill and left . '' 
 she took the photo and showed it to her friend a young man in his early twenties . 
 `` have you seen this woman ? '' 
 `` this is the woman i told you about , some guys attacked her a few blocks from here . 
 wow , she was cool she kicked their ass . 
 i saw her get into a car with an older man , he had a gun at her . '' 
 ali 's heart sank , `` do you know who the older man was ? '' 
 `` yes , he 's one of the older princes , the one who used to be the minister of defense . '' 
 `` are you sure it was her ? '' 
 ali asked again to confirm the situation . 
 `` yes , i swear i recognized her from somewhere , but i ca n't really remember where . '' 
 `` maybe she was an actress or model . '' 
 the girl at the cashier gave her opinion while the young man nodded in agreement . 
 `` thank you for the information , '' ali said leaving them . 
 once he sat in the passenger he gave the order , `` we need to go to pangeran bashir 's residence . 
 there was a witness who saw her being forced at gunpoint to go inside his car . 
 here take my phone and call for back up . '' 
 he said while giving his mobile phone to captain bagas . 
 `` sir , according to the report from the royal guards , pangeran bashir 's palace has been vacated . 
 all his family and domestic staff moved to his villa in tanah ujung . '' 
 captain bagas reported after speaking on the phone . 
 `` but they do know that there is a high presence of armed men there , who are not members of the armed forces . '' 
 `` what is he planning ? '' 
 ali thought to himself . 
 `` sir should we wait for instructions from the royal guard commander ? '' 
 `` no , my priority is to save my wife . 
 pangeran bashir has tried to kill her over and over , so i do n't intend to sit around and wait for the worst to happen . '' 
 * * * `` i do n't understand , why do you want to kill me ? '' 
 paramita said confronting pangeran bashir . 
 `` it 's nothing personal against you , i just ca n't have both your mother and father think that they can make a fool out of me without paying the price for it . '' 
 `` so , you think that by killing me , you 'll hurt them ? 
 huh , think again . 
 my father has five other children , and he barely knows me , and my mother , well my mother would be sad , but her life will go on as usual . '' 
 `` killing you is just a small bonus in my goal , insignificant to my greater plan . '' 
 `` great ! 
 then you can let me off at the corner there . 
 i 'll just hail a taxi and head home . '' 
 `` be quiet you insolent brat ! 
 your death is insignificant to my plan , but it does n't mean i wo n't enjoy seeing it . '' 
 `` goal , plan , what is your plan anyway ? 
 whatever it is , could it be as dumb and stupid like the plans you put in place to kill me ? 
 how many times have you tried to do it ? 
 it 's like watching the dumb criminals in the old batman tv series . '' 
 she said provoking him on purpose to get information . 
 pangeran bashir growled and looked her with hatred . 
 `` i am the rightful sultan , not your father . 
 he stole everything away from me with his scheming and treachery . 
 i 'll return the favor , i give my support to the group that will make him lose his absolute power and leave him as a puppet sitting on a fancy chair . '' 
 `` the parliament movement . '' 
 she said . 
 `` and that 's your evil plan for revenge ? 
 huh ! 
 you must be living in the middle ages . '' 
 `` you stupid girl , you do n't know the magnitude of the effect that it will bring towards the monarchy . '' 
 `` well , of course it will bring a huge impact towards my father 's power over the country . 
 but the world has changed now , now an absolute monarchy just as dictatorship is outdated and does n't fit in well with the ever-growing awareness of democracy . 
 power over the fate of a nation should not be in the hands of just one man . 
 besides , i was deeply involved in the pro parliament movement when i was living in england . 
 i voted yes in the referendum '' she said agreeing to him , then bluffed . 
 `` think about it , why would my father choose a young man like my husband who 's publicly acclaimed for his critical view of nepotism and corruption as his successor , if he was n't looking to take the first step in changing the governmental structure ? '' 
 `` bang ali is the sultan 's successor , the crown prince ? '' 
 dewi asked her face turned pale . 
 `` what ? 
 do n't you watch the news ? '' 
 paramita answered to annoy her . 
 then she added , `` you know uncle if you were n't trying so hard to kill me you would be my hero for what you 're doing for the people of this country i did n't think that you had the same political view as i do . '' 
 he did n't say anything more , feeling mocked he just looked at her with despise . 
 the car slowed down , drove through what paramita guessed to be a driveway and then stopped in front of a huge palace . 
 the door opened . 
 this time pangeran bashir 's men were prepared , they had their guns pointed towards her , they signaled her to come down from the car . 
 paramita decided that it was a good idea to comply with them . 
 she stepped down from the car followed by pangeran bashir and dewi . 
 she observed her surroundings . 
 there were several men porting guns and rifle around the perimeter . 
 apparently pangeran bashir had built a small army for himself . 
 they motioned her to enter the palace , paramita felt strange that there were no domestic staff inside the palace , just men with arms . 
 she was n't surprised to see jonathan tan there . 
 `` why uncle joni , '' she said , `` why am i not surprised to see you hand in hand with my uncle bashir ? '' 
 `` it 's nothing personal puteri , just business . 
 i really did n't want to see you dead after you were actually married to my step nephew , because that will deeply hurt my big sister and the last thing i want in this world is to make her sad . 
 but since you did n't die because of the drug , and we 've gone this far already , there 's nothing else i can do . '' 
 `` i do n't get it , i know why pangeran bashir would want to kill me , and hell , i can understand this woman 's reasons , but you . 
 what 's in it for you ? 
 what do you stand to gain by all this ? '' 
 `` like i said , just business . 
 i have to prove to my father i can win a big contract with the government , otherwise hafiz will end inheriting everything . '' 
 `` but the contract for extemiva is not that big ... '' `` ah , so i see you know about extemiva ... but this is not that , extemiva was a stepping stone that turned out to be a failure , we would n't have gain much from that product . 
 but we lost a significant amount of money and reputation . 
 so if i 'm able to successfully gain a high-profile contract for holy mountain , i will be leading more than just its record company . '' 
 `` what high profile contract can he offer you ? '' 
 `` enough ! 
 take her to the library ! '' 
 pangeran bashir ordered . 
 `` dewi , good job , come with me and get your recommendation letter for your citizenship . '' 
 `` so that was the plan all along . '' 
 paramita frowned . 
 he had dewi lure her alone out of the lotus palace so they can capture her in exchange for a stupid letter . 
 they brought her to the second floor and pushed her into a room . 
 the door was closed behind her , she turned around to the door and tried to open it , but she noticed that it had no knob . 
 `` damn , this door can only be opened from the outside . '' 
 she said to herself . 
 she observed the room . 
 there was an empty book-case paramita checked the big desk which had also been emptied out . 
 all the luxurious furniture were still there . 
 she paced back and forwards for some time , when she heard the door opened and dewi came in . 
 `` what do you want now ? '' 
 paramita asked her in a curt tone . 
 dewi closed the door behind her and entered the room . 
 `` you 're not getting out of here ! 
 there 's no way out , this door could only be opened from the outside . 
 pangeran bashir hates you , imagine that , you must be such a marvelous person with a marvelous family , that even your own uncle hates you and wants you dead . '' 
 `` well are n't you the smart one ? 
 do you have a death wish ? '' 
 `` when you die , somebody has to be by bang ali 's side to help him get over the grief . '' 
 `` yep , yep , no chance it 's going to be you , because guess what ? 
 after i croak , my father will start looking for a new wife for him and it would probably be some princess from a neighboring country , fit to be the queen of jothar . 
 not some pop singer like you . 
 most likely you 'll remain a concubine for life , just like my mother was for my father . 
 in the end , he 's not going to be yours anyway . '' 
 she paused then smiled sarcastically , `` but that 's if you make it out of here alive . 
 if you had half a brain , you would know that if this door only opens from the outside , the idea is to kill me by trapping in here . 
 dear old uncle probably wants to gas me to death or burn me alive . '' 
 paramita started pacing back and forward again to continue looking for an escape route . 
 she was n't considering to give pangeran bashir an opportunity to use her for his revenge . 
 she shook the railing on the windows to see if it would barge , but it just would n't `` move out my way ! '' 
 she pushing dewi away from the front of the door . 
 `` he is perfect . '' 
 dewi said sitting still and ignoring paramita , `` he is the perfect boyfriend , loyal and understanding . 
 he always respected me , he never had any indecent intention towards me even though we were often alone together . 
 every time i 'm in jothar he 's always ready to go with me to events , or if we go to a restaurant he always let me choose his meal . 
 he is sophisticated , high-class and so mature . 
 a very elegant and serene man . 
 we were happy together , we belong together , we suit each other , we 're different from the likes of you . '' 
 `` listen , i did n't steal anybody from anybody . 
 and the man you 're talking about i do n't know him . '' 
 paramita replied without stopping her attempt to find an escape , she observed all sides of door . 
 `` i 'm talking about bang ali ! 
 about burhanuddin ali . '' 
 `` ah ... . 
 well you see , the burhanuddin ali that i love , my lawful wedded husband . 
 is a man who has a vast collection of comic books , he collected them since he was twelve . 
 i love to read comics . 
 he likes to cook , i love to eat . 
 he has the ability to laugh at himself , i do too . 
 we joke a lot , and tease each other all the time . '' 
 she paused , `` we go to events together because we have to , but what we like to do on weekend nights is stay at home and watch his star trek first generation collection on vcd . 
 do you still think he and i are not compatible ? '' 
 `` you 're such a shameless woman ! 
 not only did you use your position and status to steal him away from me you also threw yourself at him and seduced him . 
 he does n't love you ! 
 i 'm the one he loves , me ! '' 
 `` did n't i just tell you that i never ... . 
 oh never mind ! 
 listen here , sister ! 
 i know you 're upset that your boyfriend left you , but if a guy easily walks out on you and marries another woman , that means he does n't love you enough ! 
 get over it and just move on already ! '' 
 paramita said beginning to feel desperate that she was n't able to find any openings . 
 she grabbed a table and threw it at the door . 
 there was a loud bang as the table bounce back a few centimeters from them , hit the floor and then shattered to pieces . 
 `` are you crazy ? '' 
 dewi yelled . 
 `` lady , you have no idea ! '' 
 the door opened suddenly , pangeran bashir entered , `` there 's no point in destroying things ... . 
 dewi what are you doing in here ? 
 did n't i say that nobody is allowed to enter here ? '' 
 he roared . 
 seeing that he was alone , paramita took the opportunity and kicked him on the stomach and jumped up while slamming her elbow into is back with the full weight of her body as she landed . 
 not expecting the attack , he fell forward . 
 paramita took this chance to jump over his crouching body and ran out the door . 
 paramita was n't familiar with the situation of pangeran bashir 's palace , but she knew that since she was held on the second floor , her best escape route was to go downstairs . 
 she spotted the staircase and slid down the railing . 
 she landed on her feet on the floor . 
 pangeran bashir got up , still holding his stomach , `` catch her ! 
 she 's escaping ! 
 catch her ! '' 
 he yelled . 
 the guards at the front door ran inside , spotting paramita who was standing in the palace 's lobby . 
 he looked at dewi angrily , he lifted his hand and slapped her , `` that 's what happened when you dare disobey me ! '' 
 she fell backwards clutching her cheeks and cried . 
 blood dripped from the corner of her mouth . 
 he grabbed her arm and dragged her out of the room . 
 `` even that little bitch , would give up if your life is in danger . '' 
 dewi realized that she was about to be held hostage to force paramita to give up . 
 `` she tried to fight him off , pushing his hand to free herself . 
 `` let go ! 
 let go ... '' she screamed . 
 two guards chased after paramita , she ran through the door at the other end of the lobby , ending up in the kitchen . 
 they shouted at her to come out , threatening to shoot , she quickly ducked behind the counter . 
 * * * ali and captain bags arrived outside the gate . 
 ali hurriedly came down from the van and pulled out his gun . 
 there were two guards at the gate trying to stop him from entering . 
 ali took out the gun and shot one guard on the knee without hesitating , he moved forward and sent a high kick towards the other , sending him falling to the ground , he used the back of his gun to hit the guard 's head leaving him unconscious . 
 he opened the gate and climbed back into the car , signaling for the driver to continue into the driveway . 
 as they drove down a group of guard ran in front of the car shooting at them , they evaded the bullets , `` run them down . '' 
 ali shouted at the driver . 
 `` my pleasure ! '' 
 he replied while pressing his foot down on the pedal . 
 * * * the guards moved forward to drag her out . 
 they were surprised to find it empty . 
 `` hello gentlemen ! '' 
 paramita appeared behind them , and used the pan in her hand to hit the head of the guard on her left with all her strength , causing him to fall to the ground . 
 she side kicked the other guard aiming for his jaw . 
 he fell backwards hitting his head against the counter . 
 paramita took both of their guns , slipping one under her belt and holding the other in her hand . 
 `` i always wanted to shoot a real gun . '' 
 she said talking to herself . 
 some more guards came into the kitchen , she ducked back down under the counter . 
 `` give up or i 'll shoot . '' 
 a guard shouted while giving a warning shot . 
 `` come and get me ... '' she shouted back . 
 chapter thirty seven the driver stepped on the gas and turned the steering wheel stopping it close against a wall . 
 the three men quickly climbed out using the car to shield them . 
 the henchmen were shooting at them from behind the trees that grew in the garden . 
 ali and captain bagas shot back at them , it was difficult to hit them as the bullets hit the trees that cover the henchmen . 
 ali was beginning to feel frustrated . 
 the sound of gunshots echoed from inside the building , followed by loud clanging sounds . 
 ali turned to captain bagas , `` captain bagas , cover me , i 'm going to make a run inside . '' 
 he ordered . 
 `` yes , pangeran . 
 ali refilled his handgun , ran to the edge of the wall and slipped to the other side , before carefully inching towards the opened door . 
 he heard the sound of shooting from another room inside the palace . 
 he peeked through the door , it seems to be the laundry room . 
 it appeared to be recently abandoned . 
 seeing that the coast is clear , he entered the laundry room and headed straight towards the door . 
 it was locked . 
 he shot the knob and pulled it opened , still covering his body behind the wall . 
 he saw a familiar body shielding behind a marble counter , paramita was occasionally shooting back at the four men covering themselves behind the big wooden table . 
 he saw her throwing the gun in her hand and taking out another one . 
 he carefully crawled by her side . 
 sensing someone coming up beside her , she turned and pointed the gun towards him . 
 `` easy now , are you that eager to be a widow ? '' 
 he whispered . 
 `` bang , you 're here ? '' 
 she said in disbelief . 
 `` did n't i tell you to not go anywhere without the guards ? '' 
 he rebuked . 
 `` bang , this is not the right time to nag me . 
 besides , it was your ex-girlfriend who lured me to the café for pangeran bashir . '' 
 `` so dewi is involved with them ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` eh-he '' they heard a rustle and turned around . 
 it was captain bagas crawling in from the laundry room avoiding bullets . 
 `` pangeran , puteri , are you both alright ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` we are , thank you captain bagas ! '' 
 paramita responded . 
 `` listen , we should split up . 
 paramita , you stay here and distract them , captain bagas , follow me , we 'll go around the table and subdue them from behind . '' 
 `` yes sir . '' 
 he replied . 
 paramita shot towards the henchmen , taking care , not to accidentally shoot in the direction that ali and captain bagas are crawling . 
 ali and captain bagas reached the area behind the men , ali jabbed one of them , leaving him gasping for air , with both hands he hit him behind the neck making him fall . 
 another man came up to him , with his fist ready to punch ali . 
 ali blocked the punch with his left arm and threw a double punch to his face . 
 the henchman kicked him on his thigh , ali attacked back with a kick to his stomach . 
 seeing that the shooting had stopped , paramita moved forward to where pangeran bashir 's guards were fighting ali and captain bagas , she sensed movement from her left side , and could see that the two guard from before were beginning to come to . 
 she took a large pot , ran to them , and bashed the pot in her hand against their heads one by one . 
 `` go back to sleep . '' 
 she said . 
 she ran to ali and captain bagas . 
 seeing that captain bagas was being attacked by two men , she ran behind him standing back to back . 
 `` need help captain ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` puteri , i 'm sure i can take care of them . '' 
 he replied . 
 `` do n't be shy . '' 
 she said while straight punching the guard in front of her . 
 the guard got pushed backward , after getting back his balance , he charged forward ready to punch her . 
 paramita jumped sideways catching his lower arm . 
 she twisted it behind his back , grabbed his hair and banged his head five times against the table . 
 the man fell to the floor . 
 `` stop playing around , guys . '' 
 she shouted at ali and captain bagas . 
 `` take them down already . '' 
 ali was still fighting off the other man , seeing that she was standing there , he pierced the man 's sternum with his four fingers , twisted his hand and banged his head against the wall . 
 he looked at her then looked at the three guards who fought with her , `` you are a very violent and sadistic woman , are n't you ? '' 
 paramita lifted her shoulder . 
 captain bagas finally succeeded in leaving the henchman unconscious . 
 `` come out here niece , '' they heard pangeran bashir shout from the outside , `` come out or i 'll shoot this woman , you would n't want her blood on your hands would you ? '' 
 `` dewi . '' 
 ali gasped while heading to the door . 
 `` wait , '' paramita said . 
 `` do n't go out there , it 's a trap . '' 
 `` but he 's got dewi and he said that he 'll shoot her , '' he argued . 
 `` this is a man who 's trying to kill his own niece , what would keep him from shooting her ? '' 
 paramita looked at him with an uneasy look , then smiled ironically . 
 `` okay then , i 'm going out , maybe i can swap myself with her if that makes you happy . '' 
 `` no wait , mita . 
 that 's not what i mean , it 's not about her ... '' ali tried to explain , but she already ran out the door . 
 he quickly looked at captain bagas , and signaled him to circle out the back , before following her out . 
 `` well , look what we have here , a bonus , the crown prince , here to surrender his life for free . '' 
 `` bang ali ... '' dewi shouted in happiness seeing him . 
 `` you ca n't harm him . 
 i 've changed my mind , '' suddenly jonathan shouted from behind pangeran bashir . 
 `` i do n't want to get in trouble with my father ... '' `` shut up ! 
 we all have to make sacrifices to achieve our goal . 
 besides what better way to destroy the throne line by eliminating the successors . '' 
 `` i wo n't allow you ! '' 
 jonathan insisted . 
 pangeran bashir shot him on the leg . 
 jonathan fell to the ground holding his injury . 
 blood was seeping out from between his fingers . 
 `` uncle joni . '' 
 ali shouted . 
 `` bring them all to the library . '' 
 he ordered his men . 
 they walked up the stairs just as the front door opened and the henchmen walked in with captain bagas as prisoner . 
 `` we caught him outside pangeran . 
 there was another guy too , he 's dead . '' 
 they said . 
 `` lock them all up together ! '' 
 pangeran bashir ordered . 
 `` be careful with that witch niece of mine . 
 pay extra attention to her , whoever lets her escape will be shot on the spot . '' 
 he said again . 
 one of the henchmen who had an encounter with paramita on the street grabbed her upper arm and dragged her , putting his gun against her waist . 
 `` do n't touch my wife ! '' 
 ali growled . 
 he was about to move , when three other men pointed their guns towards his head . 
 paramita lifted her hand signing to him that she was alright and for him to calm down . 
 they were pushed inside the library and the door closed locking them in . 
 `` i can see you 've been here before . 
 queen of destruction . '' 
 ali said to paramita while looking at the shards of chair on the floor . 
 paramita smiled at his attempt to lighten the situation . 
 she walked to jonathan who was sitting on the chair and took a look at his wound . 
 `` the bullet went straight through . '' 
 she said . 
 `` i doubt it hit any arteries , it 's not gushing out that much blood . '' 
 she reached out and on purposely yanked off his tie , to apply a tourniquet on his leg . 
 `` so uncle joni boy , tell me what contract is pangeran bashir promising you , in exchange for killing me ? '' 
 she said pulling the tourniquet hard making him squirm . 
 `` uncle joni , is that true ? '' 
 ali added , `` you were willing to take part in killing my wife to get a contract ? 
 have you gone so low for money ? '' 
 `` somebody like you will never understand . '' 
 he said while grinning in pain , `` it 's not easy being an underdog , so if i have to do what it takes to succeed , then i 'll do what it takes . '' 
 he suddenly yelped in pain as paramita tugged the tourniquet `` are you sure you want to announce that i deserve to die with me just centimeters away from your wound ? '' 
 she said then poked near the wound with her finger . 
 `` now , you have n't told me what contract it was that he promised you . '' 
 `` ah ... stop that hurts . '' 
 he wailed , `` the contract was for the construction and management of trans wirakarta toll way . '' 
 paramita looked up at ali , he nodded at her and she got up and stepped away from jonathan . 
 `` when we get out of here , i 'm going to look into pangeran bashir 's and all the other princes involvement in government project contracting . '' 
 `` bang ali , i 'm happy to see you again . '' 
 dewi said softly to him latching on to his arm . 
 `` bang , you do n't blame me for what i did , right ? 
 i did this because i love you , because i 'm angry at her for taking you away from me . 
 pangeran bashir said he can help me with my citizenship , i want to get jothar citizenship so i wo n't be far from you . '' 
 paramita rolled her eyes up and sighed . 
 `` bang ali , you never strike me as the type of man who prefers dumb women . 
 hey lady , raden hamza is the minister of foreign affairs , he could help you more than that old geezer on your citizenship . 
 hello , immigration is managed by the department of foreign affairs . 
 i doubt raden hamza would refuse to help you . 
 if you were to conspire to kill me , you should have done it for something more significant than just a recommendation letter . '' 
 `` enough , mita ! 
 you 're crossing the line ! 
 do n't joke with your life like that '' ali rebuked . 
 paramita stared at him with anger , ali avoided looking at her , feeling uncomfortable he shook dewi 's hand off and walked to the door to observe it . 
 `` captain bagas . '' 
 he said , `` the hinges of this door are on this side . '' 
 captain bagas came to the door . 
 `` you 're right sir , if we can find a sharp metal object to yank it up , we can probably get out of here . '' 
 `` there nothing on the desk or the cupboard . 
 i can tell you that , i searched there when i was held in here the last time . '' 
 paramita said . 
 they were surprised to see dewi cry , `` look , under the door ! '' 
 she pointed . 
 `` smoke ! '' 
 `` i knew he planned to burn me alive . '' 
 paramita mumbled , she looked around the room , trying to find something to prevent the smoke from entering while the men were looking for anything they can use to pry out the hinges . 
 she ran to the curtains and pulled them down hard . 
 the curtain came tumbling down with tube and all . 
 she pushed it against to bottom of the door . 
 `` we 're going to die here , it 's all because of you ! '' 
 she said pointing at paramita , `` if you had n't come into our lives , this would never had happened . '' 
 paramita just looked at her and shook her head . 
 `` bang , promise me that we will be alright , bang ali promise me that you 'll save me . '' 
 dewi cried while shaking his arm . 
 ali just stood there without any reaction . 
 paramita felt uneasy seeing dewi holding her husband 's arm and he did n't attempt to make her let go of him . 
 `` captain bagas , why do n't you and i try to get us out of here , while this romeo and juliet get it on ? '' 
 she said sarcastically . 
 she picked up a curtain tube and observed the end , '' look , this is flat and it looks strong , maybe we can use this . '' 
 she said . 
 captain bagas nodded , and took one of the tube from her hand . 
 he walked to the door and tried to hack the hinge . 
 `` puteri , i think this would work . '' 
 he said with excitement . 
 `` great ! '' 
 she walked to the door with a tube in her hand . 
 `` you work on the top hinge , and i 'll do the bottom one . '' 
 she said while kneeling on the floor . 
 ali stared as paramita kneeled in front of captain bagas . 
 `` mita , what are you doing kneeling like that ? '' 
 with two big strives , he arrived by her side and pulled her up . 
 `` someone has to take the responsibility and save our lives , you do n't seem to have the mind for it . '' 
 she sassed . 
 `` give me that ! '' 
 he said taking the tube from her hand . 
 `` pangeran , puteri , i 've succeeded in taking out the pin up here . 
 i 'll do the other one , i think i found a way to do it faster . '' 
 he said feeling uncomfortable being in the middle of their argument . 
 `` go ahead , captain . '' 
 ali said to him . 
 it took captain bagas several minutes , but he succeeded in pulling out the pin that held the hinge . 
 `` pangeran , it 's off . 
 sir , please help me to take out this door . '' 
 ali walked to the door , and held on it , they both pulled the door towards them . 
 paramita was surprised when she realized how close dewi was standing near the door . 
 she saw that it was to fall on top of dewi , paramita hurriedly ran up to her and pushed her out of the way , in consequence the heavy door hit her arm hard making her fall side wards . 
 she grimaced at the thump she felt . 
 `` mita . '' 
 ali bellowed , approaching her , `` are you okay ? '' 
 he held out his hand to help her up . 
 paramita shook her head while holding her arm , `` i 'll survive . '' 
 she said . 
 `` let 's get out of here ! '' 
 ali helped her get up anyway and they walked to the door , while captain bagas helped jonathan to walk . 
 the whole first floor of the palace was covered in flames , there was sound of wood crackling under the fire and black smoke filled the air . 
 `` bang , the stairway is ten steps in front of us . '' 
 paramita said to him . 
 she grabbed him by his upper arm , `` bang , do you remember my three million reasons ? '' 
 he turned around , `` this is not exactly the right time to talk about it . '' 
 she smiled , `` i think i 'm going to make your dream come true . '' 
 `` what are you talking about ? 
 do n't do anything crazy ! 
 mita , i. ... '' she quickly kissed him on the mouth , making the others look away in embarrassment . 
 `` the stairway is ten steps in front of us . 
 let 's go , hurry up . '' 
 she said . 
 ali nodded and repeated for everyone else to hear . 
 `` let 's move forward , ten steps ahead . '' 
 the walked quickly but cautiously . 
 they reached the stairs and walked down closed together . 
 seeing the bottom of the steps covered in flames , dewi screamed in panic , `` we 're going to die , help us , somebody help us , we 're going to burn to death , we 're going to die ! '' 
 she screamed . 
 she felt her body limp and stood against the railing unable to move . 
 ali released his arm from paramita and walked to her , `` dewi , pull yourself together , we have to get out of here ! '' 
 he said shaking her . 
 she just stood there crying while shaking her head in fear . 
 `` no ... no ... '' ali picked her up from the floor and carried her . 
 `` come on , let 's go . '' 
 he said to the others . 
 they walked again heading towards the front door that was almost covered in flames . 
 paramita looked at him as he walked in front of her with dewi in his arms , she felt her heart burn . 
 she stepped backward turned around then sprinted towards the kitchen . 
 through the crackling and banging of the wood beams falling on the floor she heard ali calling to her , but she did n't care , she continued to run in a zig-zagging line to avoid the falling objects . 
 she heard a loud sound of glass shattering on her left-hand side , paramita turned her head , it was one of the main windows , she ran towards it and jumped out , rolling on the soft grass . 
 she ran as fast as she could to the row of trees . 
 paramita hid herself behind a tree then looked at the building to see what had happened to the others . 
 she saw captain bagas and jonathan tan walking out of the door , followed by ali still carrying dewi in his arms . 
 they rushed to the grass . 
 captain bagas helped jonathan to sit , as ali put dewi down on the grass . 
 from the distance , she saw ali turning around to the burning palace . 
 dewi pulled his hand back , paramita did n't expect to see him push her hard making her slump to the ground . 
 he pointed his finger at her and jonathan as if he was saying something . 
 then he ran back inside the blazing building . 
 she stared in terror as his body became surrounded by the flames . 
 her ears rang with the sound of his voice crying out her name . 
 * * * `` bang , you ca n't go back in there ! '' 
 dewi cried while holding on to his arm , `` the whole building is on fire , that woman is probably dead by now . '' 
 ali could feel the blood rushing to his head , he abruptly pulled his arm away and pushed her back causing her to fall with a thump on the grass , `` this is your fault ! 
 the both of you . 
 you tried to harm my wife . 
 i wo n't forgive you . 
 i 'll make you pay for this , or do n't call me ali . 
 captain bagas , make sure these two criminals do n't try to escape , once the rest of the royal guards arrive , make sure to detain the both of them in the political prisoner 's holding cell at the sultan 's palace . 
 they should remain there until my further orders ! '' 
 he turned around and ran towards the burning building , ali covered his face with both arms to protect himself from the flames then rushed inside . 
 `` mita ... ! '' 
 he called , `` mita where are you ? '' 
 he heard a cracking sound directly above his head , he looked up to see a burning wooden beam collapsing from the roof . 
 he jumped forward , rolling himself on the floor to avoid the blazing wood . 
 he grimaced in pain as he felt a hot metal pole scorching . 
 he pulled his arm away and held it with his other hand . 
 `` mita ... ... '' he called out in despair , he accidentally inhaled a large amount of smoke , causing him to cough uncontrollably . 
 ali pushed himself up from the floor . 
 moving forward blindly not able to see clearly through the thick smog . 
 ali gasped for air , his lungs were hurting , and his eyes were becoming blurry and teary . 
 he was becoming dizzy , almost collapsing to the floor `` are you stupid ? 
 why did you run back in , knowing that the building is burning and about to cave in ? '' 
 a familiar voice said while catching him . 
 `` mita ... '' he barely managed to whisper . 
 `` let 's get out of here . '' 
 she said putting his arm around her shoulder to support him . 
 `` mita , are you alright ? 
 are you hurt ? '' 
 he refused to walk . 
 `` of course i 'm alright ! 
 but you 're not . 
 we can talk later . 
 help me get you out of here ! '' 
 `` mita , if anything were to happen to you , my life would n't mean anything anymore ... '' he muttered `` stop talking nonsense ! '' 
 she said leading him towards the broken window that she used to get out and back in again . 
 he was getting heavier for her as he slowly lost consciousness . 
 `` bang , stay awake , stay with me ... '' she panicked . 
 she caught sight of the window , avoiding the falling lumber from the roof . 
 paramita was also beginning to feel her breath getting heavy . 
 she glanced at ali , she could see his eyes half closed . 
 `` if i did n't love you so much , i would never do this . '' 
 she grumbled . 
 she stopped bowed down , putting her left shoulder under his waist . 
 she flung his right arm around the back of her neck , taking as much air as the dense smoky air would allow her , she stood up flinging him over her shoulder . 
 `` i hope nobody will see this . '' 
 she said to herself . 
 she slowly walked to the window , wanting to go faster but was n't able to , because of his weight slowing her down . 
 a big lump of wood fell a few centimeters to her right . 
 paramita tried hard to keep herself from falling down , she found it hard to keep her balance , as ali 's body on her shoulder was dragging her towards the left . 
 she closed her eyes , concentrated then put out all her strength to rush to the window . 
 it seemed forever to her when she finally arrived at the opening , there was nothing she wanted more to do than throw him out on the ground to relieve the pressure on her body . 
 but she knew that fall might hurt him . 
 she braced herself , stepping over the window sill . 
 she arrived on the grass and carefully laid him down , she checked his breathing , it was normal although he was unconscious . 
 the sound of the sirens filled the air around her . 
 she could hear footsteps and voices approaching , paramita quickly bent over ali giving him a kiss on his lips . 
 `` i love you . '' 
 she whispered . 
 she stood up , then dashed towards the trees again . 
 she hid herself behind the tree again , she saw captain bagas followed by the other members of the royal guard running towards ali who was still lying on the grass . 
 she saw them shaking his body , and him finally coming to . 
 they helped him get up and walked him to an awaiting ambulance . 
 paramita exhaled in relief . 
 she ran to the fence that surrounded the property then climbed over it , landing on the ground outside the palace complex . 
 paramita looked around her to make sure that the coast was clear , then she ran as fast as she could towards the main street . 
 glossary -lsb- 1 -rsb- puteri is melayu for princess -lsb- 2 -rsb- raden is a title given to noble men -lsb- 3 -rsb- permaisuri is the title given to the queen -lsb- 4 -rsb- batik prada is when the batik is drawn on silk and is lined with gold ink -lsb- 5 -rsb- baju kurung is the traditional loose fitting dress worn by melayu women -lsb- 6 -rsb- ananda honorifics to refer to one 's child or a young person with the age to be one 's child -lsb- 7 -rsb- ayahnda honorifics to refer to one 's father -lsb- 8 -rsb- wirakarta is the fantasy capital of jothar -lsb- 9 -rsb- rumah makan means restaurant -lsb- 10 -rsb- padang is an ethnical community of indonesia , famous for many things including delicious typical `` fast '' food -lsb- 11 -rsb- alam melayu is melayu realm -lsb- 12 -rsb- kakanda honorifics to call older sister or older brother about me evida suntoyo is the author of december sunshine , puteri : nuance of love and rebound love . 
 she has been living in colombia with her husband and three children for more than 8 years . 
 living far from her native country of indonesia has made her realize that not many people are aware of the indonesian people and culture except for a very small part of the archipelago which is bali . 
 connect with evida suntoyo thank you for reading my book , i hope it has inspired you to get to know a little bit more about indonesia and it 's culture . 
 if you like my story , please give me a good review , i appreciate it . 
 i really appreciate you reading my book ! 
 here are my social media coordinates : friend me on facebook : http://facebook.com/afaasun follow me on twitter : http://twitter.com/esuntoyo favorite my smashwords author page : https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/indoromance subscribe to my blog : http://indoromance.com/ 
