 lyncia by j.a. waters copyright 2015 j.a. waters smashwords edition chapter one the practice sword rattled within my grip , my hand still aching after the last round . 
 it was a good ache , one that spoke of progress and time well spent . 
 my mind tallied up the precise areas of soreness , remembering the cause of each one . 
 the attacks came on quickly , each strong and varied . 
 i blocked , then parried , successful but feeling my muscles tremble a warning . 
 i was nearing my limit . 
 my arms were burning , fingertips sporting new blisters . 
 all the talcum powder from my gloves had run down my arms . 
 it made the reddish tone of my skin look pink . 
 jacob 's gritted teeth told me he was frustrated . 
 his muffled growl spoke of a rising anger . 
 it was likely directed more at himself than me . 
 my parry had sent his blade wide , so he jumped back quickly , creating some distance just in time to avoid my blunted weapon . 
 he was taller than me , but just barely and could n't depend on reach in his defense . 
 i did n't hesitate to follow , sending out quick thrusts that were mostly feints . 
 part of me still did n't know how to close an attack . 
 the knowledge was there from long bouts of reading and practice . 
 despite that , use of the information was fickle and elusive . 
 it was the second week i 'd shown enough improvement to prevent jake from ` killing ' me , so our fights kept ending in a draw . 
 i could n't kill him either . 
 just surviving was getting old . 
 the desire to win burned me in a way that was new , in a way that seemed irrational . 
 when weapons practice had started it 'd been a tedious bore . 
 there were forms to remember , harsh exercises , and painful lessons . 
 surviving was enough of an accomplishment . 
 despite that , i 'd almost quit , but i wanted to prove my capability . 
 i had to , really . 
 the training had been a huge orchestration on my part . 
 father had n't wanted me to learn the sword , calling it useless for a princess . 
 i could n't stand the idea of proving him right . 
 all the barons of galania did that for him . 
 truth be told , maybe i never would use the skill in a real fight , yet recently i 'd broken through some barrier of self-awareness . 
 i could feel the power in the ability , understood more and had to depend on memorization less . 
 it made winning feel like a tantalizing possibility . 
 at first i was just glad that i could fight back without being soundly beaten . 
 now there was a chance of more . 
 jake eyed me warily , edging to my left , `` come on then , let out that eagerness i 've been seeing . '' 
 reacting to your opponent 's taunts is n't generally advisable . 
 they would expect that , or so jake always recited . 
 however , he knew me and was growing used to my style of fighting . 
 i had never reacted to his stupid taunts , stupid and boring . 
 jacob taught by the books , and even his curses were lifted from the pages . 
 usually , i was reserved , defensive , i would hold back and watch . 
 so , i changed . 
 this time i darted forward with a loud cry , intent on broadcasting a false attack . 
 i leaned left , then could n't help but grin at the flash of surprise in his eyes . 
 it was gone so quick i almost believed it imagined , but i had to believe my offensive had taken him off guard . 
 his sword rose in reaction to my false-intentions . 
 the moment hung still in my mind , frozen in that rushing clarity that comes from surging adrenaline . 
 i could hardly believe he 'd made such a foolish mistake . 
 i saw the opening as if it were a beacon , some part of my brain gesturing madly , `` there ! 
 there ! 
 attack ! '' 
 my blade twisted , arm whipping forward to reverse my previous motion , slapping the sword 's `` edge '' at jacob 's turned hip . 
 his armor was just open enough , and i felt the hit reverberate from my arm to shoulder . 
 and at that same moment i flew backwards , a gauntlet-driven punch knocking the wind from my lungs . 
 caught completely off guard , i tumbled onto my side and rolled to a stop . 
 panicked , i scrambled away , thankful that i 'd kept my sword . 
 standing in a hurry , the courtyard spun into focus as my mind cleared . 
 dust filled the air within the dark circular walls . 
 it slowly dissipated to reveal one of the tall castle towers against a backdrop of blue sky . 
 we were in the western yard , a side space for inconspicuous guests to enter and guardsmen to train . 
 the tightly-fitted tiles beneath our feet were in drastic need of being swept after a recent dust-storm from the eastern deserts . 
 jacob stood where i 'd hit him , pulling the armored faulds from his waist and rubbing his hip . 
 i realized that his sword was already sheathed . 
 `` you got me , '' he said , grimacing , `` hard to admit , but even that punch would n't have kept me alive . 
 not after the bite a real sword would 've ripped open . '' 
 the tension left me , muscles wavering . 
 my body was very tired , and it was a struggle to sheath my own sword smoothly , `` truly , that would 've been a killing blow ? '' 
 the victory felt hollow . 
 it would 've led to survival , sure , but it was n't the clean finish often recorded in books . 
 `` well enough it was , '' and he crouched , thudding into a seated position , `` i 'd be overrun in a battle , finished off by time or a caved in skull . '' 
 he stretched his neck back while peering at the endless fire at the tower 's top , `` ald , i have tending duty today . 
 i do n't want to climb all those stairs . '' 
 his tiredness surprised me . 
 i still thought him indestructible . 
 when we 'd first begun practicing it felt impossible to even hold a sword . 
 `` such a noble death , '' i grumbled , `` falling into the mud , stepped on by worn boots . '' 
 a column helped support my weariness as i wiped sweat from my brow . 
 he scowled , glancing away from his distraction . 
 `` noble death , '' growling the words , `` no such thing , just death , plain and dirty . '' 
 his gaze settled on me , `` what is the first rule of a true fight ? '' 
 i rolled my eyes , repeating the answer yet again , `` there are no rules in a true fight . 
 when two opponents face each other , winning is the only rule worth subscribing to . 
 otherwise , you die . '' 
 he nodded , `` good , now remember it for real this time . 
 if you go out into the world expecting people to treat you fairly , you 'll be dead blinding quick . 
 the borders will push back eventually , they always do . '' 
 i frowned , feeling my expression tighten . 
 he could be so moody , at times coming off as cold and foul . 
 time had lent understanding . 
 somewhen , he 'd been hurt . 
 jacob trusted little , cared little , and seemed to enjoy even less . 
 his company could wear thin quickly , but his knowledge was worth the ire . 
 `` father sealed the borders and created a unified galania . 
 it would be madness were any of our neighbors to attack . '' 
 `` yes , '' said jacob , `` and the king accomplished that peace through a brutality that only proves my point . 
 he did not follow any rules of battle . 
 it was effective , but grudges have long memories . '' 
 my emotions swirled in opposing directions . 
 i supported my father 's rule , but disliked him as a person , `` is this to be the lesson for today ? 
 borderline savagery ? '' 
 he waved me away as he started to get up , `` no , i think you 've earned a break . '' 
 jake struggled upward with the use of the practice sword , `` aldyor be blessed , these years of training are now bearing fruit . 
 you did well today , now go . 
 i 'm done with you . '' 
 my body wanted to collapse . 
 i was glad i would n't have to sit down for more book studies . 
 that would 've been a recipe for having to listen to jake drone on about death and pain and the triumphs of father as a tactician . 
 that would be incredibly tedious , and besides , i really wanted a bath . 
 `` ah , well , thank you for the lesson . 
 as usual , you were masterful . '' 
 a bowing sort of nod was my goodbye , and my step was quicker than i would 've liked as i turned away . 
 risking more lectures was n't worth grace . 
 i moved into the hall , grateful when i was out of view . 
 the castle still slept , always a relief when i would wearily return to my room . 
 there was peace in the streaming beginnings of sunlight filtering through long empty halls . 
 without jake there , i let the limp i felt show , let myself extend each stride to stretch out the soreness in my calves . 
 swordplay was my training 's primary purpose , but it also included conditioning that left my body weak . 
 guards were out making their rounds , the only presence while dawn still lingered . 
 i nodded to them , though i did not expect an answer . 
 though i knew them all by name , father 's orders were for strict discipline in eyreso 's military . 
 the entire kingdom was run with discipline , either to the rule of law or for the faith of aldyor . 
 that tight expectation of order could chafe . 
 rounding the corner into my room 's hallway , there were a curious number of servants already rushing from one room to another . 
 that was unusual , but maybe some attending baron was paying a visit . 
 i usually sat in on council meetings , and did not look forward to more dry speeches on which barony needed which allocation of imports . 
 let the merchants send their goods all down the trade road with abandon ; deliberations on tariffs could be maddening in their tediousness . 
 still , politicking was a necessary evil : the civilized way to power . 
 thinking nothing more of the servants filling the halls , i opened the door to my room . 
 after all , whatever was going on , i 'd learn about it from the king himself soon enough . 
 chapter two fortunately i had made sure to schedule a bath after every practice session so it was waiting as i walked into my quarters . 
 aylee , my lady-in-waiting , was pouring a final bucket of water into the large tub set into a corner of the room . 
 reflective granite tiles of black and gold flecks created a pocket area for bathing , and eventually i planned on having walls added for privacy . 
 aylee glanced up as i approached , breaking into a smile as she saw that it was me , `` you certainly look happy . 
 did training go well today ? '' 
 i could n't help but respond with a grin , `` it was the best day yet ! 
 i managed to win the last round ! '' 
 her expression went blank , eyes wide . 
 she was stunned ! 
 a moment later , aylee 's hands shot up and she made a small squeal , `` amazing ! 
 simply amazing ! 
 and you were fighting jake , yes ? '' 
 i nodded , pleased by the excitement over my accomplishment . 
 i had n't wanted to react to it , still did n't want to . 
 it would n't do to become proud , `` yes , and every round before ended in a draw . 
 so ... '' i let myself trail off , wanting her to finish the boast . 
 `` you did n't just win the round , you won the day ! 
 oh , congratulations , milady ! 
 this is simply wonderful ! '' 
 she moved quickly to my bath , pouring the bits of soap and scents in as she spoke , `` try and tell your father , maybe it 'll convince him that the expense has been worth it . '' 
 my grunt dispelled her smile at that , `` i have won a battle , but not that war . '' 
 aylee bit her lip , looking to the floor with a kind of pained expression , `` aye ... i suppose that 's true . 
 it 's likely he 'd say you 'll never use it in a battle , yes ? '' 
 `` yes , i think so . '' 
 i perched on the tub 's edge , beginning to undo the tight bun of my hair needed while fighting . 
 it was heavenly to release that tension from my scalp , `` that about sums up his thoughts on my training . 
 you know him as well as me , i think . 
 still , i would not want there to be warring and battling , even if it were a way to prove the usefulness of my hobbies . '' 
 i set aside the purple ribbon that 'd bound my hair , `` peace is hard to come by , and far more valuable than my desires . '' 
 she gave a small sigh , `` wise of you to say , and i wish more thought that way . 
 the council sounds off on the regular about honor and valor , enough so that some grand conquest seems eminent . '' 
 `` that , '' i said , letting her help in pulling off my boots , `` is because some measure honor and valor by the lands you conquer . 
 father has done well to maintain peace , but there will always be someone that wants the borders to expand . '' 
 aylee set my footwear to the side , `` yes , i 've heard such talk far too often for it to be an idle idea . 
 the kingdom of galania is strong right now , possibly at a peak of wealth and power . 
 i 'd say the king 's policies are working just fine . '' 
 i smirked , `` and many would say that a peak is the perfect place for falling . 
 some of the council members have spoken at length to that very effect . 
 do you know , some have implied that father is a coward ? '' 
 her eyes widened and she made a choking sound , `` what !? 
 did he leap across the table and throttle them where they stood ? '' 
 `` no , of course not , '' i said , laughing at the idea , `` he controls himself too well to respond to idiotic taunts . 
 everyone knows he fought gallantly in the border disputes . 
 his accomplishments as a prince were far greater than any of the barony lords , and they have had a lifetime to prove themselves . '' 
 `` yes , it 's too bad he reserves use of his anger behind public view . '' 
 aylee picked up my training boots . 
 they left a small smudge of dust on the rich red carpet , good sign for them to be cleaned and checked for repair , `` the council could use a reminder of that temper . 
 maybe it would inject some sense into their decisions . '' 
 dipping my fingers into the bath , i tested the water and found its temperature perfect , `` i doubt anything in the world would gift lords with more sense . 
 what a blissful fantasy that would be . '' 
 she stepped back , pausing at the doorway , `` will there be anything else , milady ? '' 
 smiling , i waved her away , `` no , no . 
 thank you , aylee . 
 you are always a darling . '' 
 undressing was an act of shedding bits of practice armor . 
 the majority hung from a strap around the back of my neck , supported by a belt that cinched at the waist . 
 additional parts belted to the back of my knees and around the waist . 
 underneath i wore training garments , a bland dress not even as long as my knees and dark tights . 
 the outfit had been one of the hardest parts about starting my training , but wearing armor bits made it less indecent . 
 such concerns were also the reason for such an early time for training . 
 the castle knew of my practice , but i did n't want to showcase an appearance unfit for my station . 
 i stepped into the bath and luxuriated in the spread of warmth that the waters brought while sinking into their depths . 
 it was a custom-built extravagance that i 'd persuaded father to get for me . 
 mother had heard about it and soon they had their own version in the royal bedchambers . 
 before that , we 'd both had to go down the hall to a bath that was far too large to keep heated and too deep to touch bottom . 
 castle eyreso had been built with four floors of expansive space and high ceilings . 
 heading anywhere outside of my room for private matters had seemed ridiculous . 
 my mood soured a little on thinking of that project . 
 it 'd ended well for me , but convincing dad had been quite the pain . 
 he was incredibly stubborn and it had nothing to do with the costs . 
 in fact , i was pretty sure we 'd saved money since we stopped trying to keep the larger bath full and staffed . 
 a dozen servants had maintained the ridiculous bathing room , but now it had been converted into a gallery to accept song swans . 
 that had helped father come around , but the whole project had become ` his idea . ' 
 he had spoken quite eloquently about having a more private space than the rooftop aviary for messages . 
 frustrated , i slapped at the water with a grunt of anger . 
 a nearby candle caught some of the splash , sending up a winding trail of smoke . 
 flicking away a tuft of suds from my kneecap , i took a deep breath with eyes locked on the scraped skin on my leg . 
 `` every fight teaches us something , '' i mumbled , rolling my eyes at the recitation . 
 it was one of those obvious lines of wisdom jake liked to repeat . 
 then he 'd recall the text , a book obviously titled by a dullard , philosophy of the direct and indirect strategies related to conflict . 
 of course that would lead us back into the classroom , a room that felt more confining after each day . 
 still , that particular line of wisdom , however obvious , was good to keep in mind . 
 dad had taught me , again and again , that i had to fight for every last scrap of freedom . 
 he had my life planned out , but i 'd learned to get around that . 
 if i made enough noise , struggled with all my heart , and gnashed my teeth , eventually he 'd give in . 
 then it was his idea , and his plan that changed , and suddenly i was doing what he wanted anyway . 
 a faint streak of jealousy crept out for my younger brother . 
 tarnus had been sent to the eastern border of galania to learn battle and sailing . 
 there were always pirates and brigands to fight on the seas leading to taendragor . 
 i would n't mind seeing the ocean , let alone try a hand at fighting against relics of the sea . 
 i felt the first hints of a chill in the water , reminded that i had n't really scrubbed off any of the morning 's grime . 
 my thoughts turned to cleaning up rather than boiling over , but i kept chewing on the idea of father 's obstinance . 
 he had taught me , i realized , that control was mostly about keeping up the right appearance . 
 my struggles with him were never seen by the public . 
 they just saw his daughter going along with new ideas from the king . 
 i smiled to myself , scrubbing the scab of a scrape off my knee . 
 a determination to be the one in control had settled into my mind . 
 the decision filled me with calm , though somehow i knew its consequences would be anything but . 
 chapter three the bell near my room 's doorway rang softly . 
 it was time for the morning meal , and not a moment too soon . 
 i was hungry after my long sparring session with nothing more than a quick bowl of porridge to push me through . 
 aylee cinched the last ribbon to my dress , a row of them making a fine ruffle of color behind my back . 
 she 'd picked the day 's apparel , a flowing floor-length dress with pink flowers and curling green leaves . 
 a wide sash of matching fabric cinched my waist . 
 her tongue clucked as she saw the neat bow on my right side , `` milady , you know how your father is about the knot . '' 
 i glanced down , realizing what i 'd done , `` oh aylee , but it is so stupid . '' 
 i felt flustered , such a small thing always irritating me in a way i did n't quite understand . 
 i untied the sash , then made a new bow on the center of my waist . 
 it announced my status to the world . 
 unwed . 
 single . 
 virginal . 
 i rolled my eyes , `` but , you are right . 
 father always has a fit when i forget . 
 so , thank you . '' 
 she shrugged , genuinely perplexed , `` i do n't understand why it bothers you . 
 it 's simply the way things are . '' 
 i nodded , `` it is , but guests are likely to ignore me when i have it tied to the side , and sometimes that is nice . '' 
 aylee peered at me , `` milady , sometimes i really do n't understand you . '' 
 `` neither does anyone else , '' i said , the smirked response making her chuckle . 
 i lifted my arms to have my sword belt draped about my waist . 
 it was a lovely white-leather strap with a silver buckle and matching adornments . 
 yes , i need n't wear the blade , but winning the use had made wearing it paramount . 
 even worn ceremoniously it provided a reminder of my success and skill . 
 princes wore their swords even if they were n't trained ; i saw no reason not to do the same . 
 we left my room and turned a corner toward the dining hall . 
 along the way , i saw that there were even more servants than earlier in the day . 
 even more peculiar , all wore unusual livery that flashed the colors of distant lands . 
 suspicion filled my mind , `` aylee , do we have a reason for so many guests ? '' 
 aylee shook her head , `` i have n't been told , though rumors are that it 's probably a rally of your father 's supporters . 
 i heard one of the stable lads talking about some new campaign and running off to be a squire . '' 
 stopping in the hallway , i watched the servants darting about . 
 i could swear some bore the colors of galania 's border kingdoms . 
 the talk of a campaign had been up in the air for months , but father had n't made any decisions yet . 
 our council would not move forward without him . 
 whatever was going on , it had been kept secret from me and aylee . 
 a cold tendril of anger seeped into my mind , `` am i mistaken , or did i see gray and blue on those men ? 
 those are colors of aleasancia ! '' 
 `` you were not mistaken , what in the name of ald ... '' aylee shook her head , `` the northern kingdom has not visited in a lifetime ! '' 
 just then , father came up behind me , clasping his hand on my shoulder . 
 `` good morning young darling , i was looking forward to speaking with you at breakfast . '' 
 his graveled voice bore the lilting air of formality , `` how fairs your day ? '' 
 i tilted my head to one side , turning with a small curtsey , `` majesty , '' drawing the word into exaggeration , `` it has been a lovely morning . 
 the air outside is cool and the season is still quite mild . 
 what a beautiful surprise to have so many important visitors . '' 
 he frowned , causing a twitch of his thick mustache , `` lyncia , i will ask that you refrain from your usual willfulness today . 
 i hear that tone in your voice , but this will not be a situation welcoming outbursts . '' 
 my glare was not polite , and it probably broached protocol in our public setting . 
 i did n't care . 
 i was n't going to let a handful of foreign dignitaries change how i acted , `` you have been calling the council without asking for my attendance . '' 
 father took my shoulders in his broad , scarred hands . 
 his dark fingertips were gentle , but there was a threat of power as he twisted me to a nearby doorway . 
 he glanced at aylee , `` you are dismissed , miss carver . '' 
 then he closed the door behind us , turning to me with a scowl that matched my own , `` i allowed for your interest in politics for far too long . 
 there is no longer a need for you to attend the hall 's discussions . '' 
 `` father , i have made great strides in helping our city . 
 eyreso has profited from my attendance . '' 
 `` you have no official place at the dais , '' he rumbled , `` your presence hinders the voting process and you are overall a distraction . '' 
 i reminded myself of my intention to take control but felt my confidence faltering . 
 taking a breath , i worked to calm my features , `` one day , i will be queen . 
 the decisions that ... '' he broke in , talking over me as soon as the word `` queen '' left my mouth , `` of someone else 's kingdom ! 
 you have a brother , and he shall be king ! 
 it should come as no surprise that you must marry for an alliance . 
 you have been of age for a year ! '' 
 `` and in that year i have learned much of ruling ! '' 
 my voice wavered , a wild beast i had to tame , `` i am the eldest ! 
 right of the crown should be mine ! '' 
 his response was low , `` men carry the line : as aldyor has written . 
 in the coming weeks your role shall be decided as well . '' 
 my breath caught , and the calm fled , `` have you called for an assessment of the treaties ? 
 does all of galania know this except me ? '' 
 i heard my tone turn steely , `` you have invited them to bargain my hand in exchange for some trade agreement . '' 
 `` more than my voice made this call , the entirety of the council is in agreement . 
 the alliances have not met since my father was a child . 
 we must use the assets at our disposal , only then will our standing be guaranteed . '' 
 his words were calm , firm , and built of iron , `` this must be done . '' 
 i turned away , unable to take his glare , unable to take the crumbling ground beneath my feet , `` you are king , and our family has respect because we do what is needed . 
 you have broken no less than five treaties of old , and there are countless traditions that your reign has discarded . '' 
 father growled , a low rumble that always made my skin crawl . 
 the stories spoke of the quiet terror of that snarl on the battlefield , and now it was directed at me . 
 `` nearly every one of those choices has cost us dearly , paid for now or as a debt to generations . '' 
 his fists clenched , arms straining against his tight silk shirt , `` we must bind the world together ! 
 put aside this pettiness . '' 
 he turned and i heard the door open . 
 i looked back only to see the end of his cloak whipping around the doorway . 
 my body trembled . 
 the sudden quiet of the room was suffocating . 
 aylee glanced inside carefully , cautiously , `` milady ? '' 
 my face felt cold , immobile . 
 it did n't seem as if i could feel anything at that moment . 
 father had never walked out on me before . 
 we 'd stood inches apart , hurling ideas at one another like boulders from a trebuchet . 
 often we 'd gone quiet in mutual disagreement , or eventually one of us would admit defeat . 
 then we 'd talk of something else in cordiality , staying by one another 's side as a testament to eventual compromise . 
 `` milady , we should attend the morning meal . '' 
 aylee 's voice was careful , searching , `` it will help to settle your nerves . '' 
 i glanced at her and gave a small nod , `` yes . 
 i am very hungry after all . '' 
 the lie was useless . 
 i no longer felt hungry , instead filled with a chaotic energy . 
 it felt like a living thing , some heavy creature surging in my breast . 
 she led the way out from the room and i followed automatically . 
 it was easy to be pulled along by her sense of duty while thoughts hammered the inside of my skull . 
 i sat at the table with my back rigid , not glancing to the side toward father and ignoring altogether the side of the table where mother would be sitting . 
 her support was welcome in its saccharine love , but there was no steel to it . 
 she could not alter father 's course . 
 worse , she would not even try . 
 aylee stood behind me , too polite to ask that i let her sit . 
 a man to my right , some baron by his sigil , cleared his throat , `` servant , could you fetch my valet . 
 he 'll be in the same colors . '' 
 such a thing was my fault , she 'd not have been caught being ordered around by guests if i 'd been quicker to dismiss her . 
 shame on the baron for using my lady-in-waiting , what an uncouth man . 
 my mind swam out from its darkness , `` ah , yes . 
 aylee , once you find this gentleman 's servant , please take to your own care for the remainder of the day . 
 i will see you in the morning . '' 
 aylee , who 'd already turned to fetch the valet , stopped with barely concealed surprise . 
 she gave me a deep curtsey , `` aye , thank you . 
 milady . '' 
 she disappeared into the hallway . 
 i stared down at my empty plate , ignoring footmen as they filled my cup and presented the first course . 
 eventually my hunger would win , but for now i was content to wallow in frustration . 
 all happy thoughts of confidence and control had been dashed so quickly . 
 my intentions to fight father felt foolish and hopeless . 
 how do you fight one of the elements ? 
 how do you fight a mountain ? 
 chapter four a wide array of visitors were already in attendance at the morning meal . 
 most wore clothing that spoke of galanian gentry with large swaths of white and gold . 
 the dukes and barons of the kingdom also followed a custom of including the eyresin three-bladed crown in their own sigil . 
 the foreign travelers stood out from that bland uniformity . 
 green and red uniforms covered those from rayne , and aleasancia 's people had shown up in the rich winter 's blue with trimming in gray . 
 those early arrivals were likely unimportant advisors and coordinators for the upcoming conference . 
 the schedules no doubt allowed weeks for incoming attendants . 
 ` good , ' i thought . 
 ` let them have their distractions . ' 
 it would leave me alone to my brooding . 
 i hoped the preparations would keep father too busy to bother me . 
 the meal became more of a planning session , many at the table caught up in that busy process of formalities . 
 introductions and talks of allegiance filled the air . 
 strange lands caught my ear , but not enough to pull me into the discussion . 
 i managed some small destruction of a sweet bread , then stood up from the table with the smallest of curtsies . 
 it seemed as if i 'd make a clean escape to my room , but then jake caught me in the hall . 
 `` ah ! '' 
 he exclaimed , giving a sudden stiff bow , `` milady , you certainly look glum . 
 i thought you 'd be rather ecstatic after earlier . '' 
 he was cleaned up and in castle guard 's tunic and leggings for normal duty . 
 it took effort to stop and respond . 
 i wanted to be alone and away from everyone , `` ah , master jacob . '' 
 keeping annoyance from my words left them stilted , `` oddly , you seem to be the one in high spirits . 
 i had sworn your face was rather downcast when i left you in the dirt . '' 
 `` painful , '' he winced , `` your words strike harder than that sword . '' 
 `` then i will have to try harder next time , '' i gave a thin smile , `` was there something you needed ? 
 i thought you had dismissed the day 's teachings and gone off to your shift work . '' 
 `` oh i 'm heading there now , though perhaps a mite slow . 
 that long climb of the tower is painful , but i suppose the fires wo n't burn themselves . '' 
 `` yes they will , '' i said with dry annoyance , `` you just have to make sure they refrain from melting the castle . '' 
 he cleared his throat , `` anyway , i just wanted to offer further congratulations , and maybe see if you 're interested in joining the eyreso lists . 
 all these guests will mean we can have ourselves a proper melee . '' 
 jake hesitated , `` you 're more ready than some that 'll represent the castle . '' 
 `` oh ... '' my thoughts drifted , `` such events are not meant for me . '' 
 his eyebrows quirked , `` what ? 
 you 're a fighter , just the same as any of them will be . 
 pardon the crass sentiments if you will , but ai n't nothing some bastard can do that you have n't learned to overcome . '' 
 i felt my mood lifting despite my mind 's best efforts to resist , `` no , i had not worried over any of their skills , master jacob . 
 the point of contention is more likely to be from father . '' 
 that made his expression go carefully blank , `` oh right , the king has been pretty reluctant to have me continue your training . 
 what with your duties as the princess , i do n't suppose they 'll be priority . '' 
 `` unfortunately true , '' i murmured , sinking back into my gloom , `` the world needs princes for fighting and princesses for friendship . '' 
 a snorting laugh escaped out of jake 's mouth , `` ahm , excuse me miss , just i 'd heard that expression in a different light . 
 never realized it had a polite version . '' 
 he looked away at my unflinching gaze , `` anyway , that 's a galanian saying and does n't always apply elsewhere . 
 many of the outer kingdoms have it all backwards and upside down . '' 
 `` oh ? '' 
 he 'd piqued my interest . 
 the peoples of nalan was one of my favorite subjects . 
 `` yeah , sure enough . '' 
 his voice relaxed into its teacher 's rhythm , though now he told the story rather than reading it from a book , `` there it 's as likely the ladies will carve you up . 
 remember the rodali ? 
 with their kind , the women are usually taller , larger . 
 beastly ! 
 the green of their skin will flash white when they 're angry and they 'll attack at the lightest insult . '' 
 i scoffed , `` no , you surely speak in lies . 
 the last we spoke of galor you could not find the book you quoted . '' 
 `` it 's true , '' he professed , `` travelers speak warily of the rodali , they 're a more vicious race than ours . '' 
 `` how do you know ? '' 
 i asked , incredulous , `` have you ever been to the outer kingdoms ? '' 
 his head shook , `` nah , ca n't say the prospect of sea travel tickles me too well . 
 east or west , it 'd be months at sea . 
 the book of outer kingdoms says it well enough , i 'll make sure to find it for you . '' 
 `` yes , i would enjoy that . 
 i think learning more of their lands would be fascinating . '' 
 a thought sparked in my mind . 
 jacob glanced down the hall , seeming to realize he was dawdling overly long , `` anyway , please think on joining for one of the sparring matches . 
 the people love stories of lady of the blade . '' 
 my mind was elsewhere . 
 getting away from father felt like a splendid way to solve my problems . 
 the idea was taking root . 
 i gave a small nod , `` yes , perhaps . 
 thank you for your advice , but i must be on my way . '' 
 jake looked confused as he returned a bow , `` of course , milady . '' 
 he turned away , murmuring , `` advice ? '' 
 maybe it was n't exactly advice , but his words had led me to a course of action . 
 the more i thought , the more i realized that father could never be overcome in my current position . 
 it was n't because he unerringly chose correctly , it was because he distorted everything so that it worked in his favor . 
 the only way for me to gain control would involve removing myself from his influence . 
 i found it hard to stop myself from rushing away to my room . 
 i kept a steady stride , plans spinning through my mind along the way . 
 i would need to keep my routine as normal as possible while figuring a way to escape without drawing immediate attention . 
 if i spoke of my ideas within eyreso , father would surely learn of them . 
 many of my days invited a ride about the grounds or a visit to one of the temples . 
 such a visit into town would serve my purposes perfectly . 
 i could get away now before called to be a showpiece . 
 nervousness began skittering through my veins . 
 changing with some impatience , eventually i had to call on another lady-in-waiting to help me dress . 
 the clothing from before had been chosen to enjoy a day at rest , now i chose an outfit that would be sturdy for travel . 
 i made sure to keep some lace and ribbon , partially for preference and partially not to look too out of the norm . 
 additional supplies could be bought on the road , but i would still be playing the part of princess . 
 the path of escape formed into something solid as i readied myself . 
 i wound some lace ribbon around my sword 's scabbard , using the time to deliberate and figure out my next step . 
 my fingertips slipped and dropped the strand before it was secure , hands shaking until i pressed them to my skirts . 
 the servant stooped , picked up the blue lace , `` here milady , let me . '' 
 she looped it about and fastened it with a pin , hands quick . 
 i was worried that she 'd seen my nervousness and had to stop myself from picking at the underside of my thumbnail . 
 it seemed likely the whole world would understand my intentions . 
 i waved her away impatiently , `` thank you , you may go . '' 
 she turned to leave . 
 i stopped her , fumbling with forgetfulness , `` oh , apologies . 
 would you ask the cook to prepare a picnic ? 
 i would like a day out in the village , and may visit for a while . '' 
 my brain felt scattered with a thousand doubts . 
 halfway to the stables i 'd decided i would visit cousin . 
 she could easily be described as free-spirited , fierce , and rude . 
 we got along well during yearly visits , and her company was always sorely missed . 
 it felt likely that she was the only person that would understand my actions . 
 plus , i had n't seen her duchy 's colors among the mix of servants and lords . 
 hopefully that meant she was n't part of father 's plan . 
 saydeen did n't often play to the kingdom 's whims . 
 a coach was being prepared for me as i walked into the courtyard . 
 servants had the wide doors open and were checking over its condition . 
 the bright white paint seemed recently refreshed and the gold-leaf shimmered . 
 it would be no surprise for the cook to hear my request for a picnic , and it 'd been normal for such an order to set several related tasks in motion . 
 servants for father became used to understanding their implied tasks . 
 i was pleased at how well everything was coming together . 
 `` lyncia ... '' i turned , surprised , `` mother ? '' 
 she smiled at me , eyes uncertain . 
 she always looked uncertain , though beautiful with smooth bronze skin and high cheekbones . 
 her voice was permanently soft with the same lilt i 'd developed from her , `` you are going ? '' 
 her presence was a shock . 
 it was frightening and unexpected . 
 `` i thought a visit to the village would be good , '' i said , hearing my falseness , `` everything is so busy here with everyone dashing about . '' 
 perhaps i misunderstood her , she could n't know my true intent ... her nod was hesitant , `` yes , it might be good for you to take a break . '' 
 she smiled again , expression softer this time . 
 she stepped close and placed her hand on my cheek , `` you two fought again , he is frustrated with you . 
 i warned your father not to surprise you with this . 
 i wanted you to be a part of everything . '' 
 my guard , my caution , all of my defenses fell in the face of her love and my fear . 
 tears blurred my vision as i stepped into her embrace , nuzzling into the soft warmth of her shoulder , `` i think i am going to myla 's . 
 i can not be here right now . '' 
 mother 's voice was soft and comforting , her words supportive , `` i understand . 
 it is a cruel thing he has done , and i would not have you sold off without a choice in the matter . '' 
 she rocked me gently , `` i try my darling , please believe that i do . 
 you know how difficult he can be . '' 
 i felt shame at my thoughts from earlier . 
 mother was as helpless as i in challenging the ways of a kingdom . 
 the realization of my powerlessness had been hidden by overconfidence . 
 `` i can not even begin to understand ... i do not know how you do it . 
 it is so frustrating to be unheard . '' 
 she stepped back with a frown , `` we are heard , but it does take time for that to cause change . '' 
 her gaze swept my side , pausing on the sword in its scabbard , `` i think you are heard more often than i. '' i blushed , forgetting my tears . 
 she was right . 
 it 'd taken being obstinate to a fault , but i 'd won some battles . 
 i frowned , thoughts wispy things with little substance , `` will you tell father ? '' 
 it took effort to concentrate . 
 mother 's eyes were uncertain again , and she glanced away from me , `` eventually . 
 i can not keep anything from him . '' 
 despite that , despite the threat that her words foretold , i smiled , `` you still love him ? '' 
 she nodded , frowned a little , and then turned away . 
 after a few steps , she paused , `` stay safe , my daughter , and come back soon . 
 i love you too , and will miss you greatly . '' 
 i watched her disappear into deep shadows beyond the doors . 
 i wondered how she 'd known that i was leaving . 
 i had n't told a soul , but she 'd hardly have come to see me off for a normal ride . 
 it reminded me of a fight i 'd been in years ago . 
 one of father 's barons had brought his daughter along for a ride in the country . 
 i 'd been teased and called a boy . 
 by then i was already practicing with the sword and it 'd left my body wiry with muscle . 
 i 'd also kept my hair in a tight , severe bun to keep it out of the way . 
 despite my frilly dresses and bright colors , even i saw my resemblance to boys my age . 
 i 'd yet to blossom , so only the clothes seemed different . 
 i 'd hit the baron 's girl , and she 'd scratched my face . 
 aylee had pried us apart , taking me to my mother and sending the other child away , `` queen prisclyn , your daughter 's had an accident . '' 
 when mother asked me what had happened , i would n't tell her . 
 i 'd worried about getting in trouble , but mostly i was embarrassed at being teased . 
 she 'd kissed the top of my head , cupping my cheeks between her hands , `` lyncia darling , i love you just the way you are . 
 you should not care what anyone says , least of all some silly girl . 
 you are perfect for you . '' 
 back then i had n't realized that she 'd probably heard what others said , had probably heard all the insults and backhanded remarks . 
 at that moment she 'd just seemed magical and omniscient . 
 my young tears had dried as my eyes widened , `` how did you know ? '' 
 her smile , the unleashed version wholly reserved for me , was beatific , `` i am your mother . '' 
 now , climbing into the covered carriage i felt that similar sense of wonder . 
 she still knew me so well despite my distance . 
 drawing away had started once i realized how much i 'd come to dislike her . 
 the love remained , but i could not forgive her for refusing to fight . 
 accepting the world as it was seemed a low cowardice . 
 i sighed . 
 perhaps i would learn to do the same , someday . 
 maybe life ground everyone down into acceptance eventually . 
 the thought made me scowl . 
 a basket was set into the center of the carriage . 
 it was the picnic i 'd asked for and a couple of small comfort items . 
 some thoughtful servant had provided a blanket and an extra cloak . 
 it made me wonder if my flight was all an act . 
 how could i run away from this pleasant life where my whims were accepted as an ultimatum ? 
 could i really leave it behind ? 
 my thoughts reminded me that i was visiting myla , duchess of saydeen . 
 i was unlikely to find any inconvenience within her fortress walls . 
 the true test would be in leaving even that safe haven . 
 such was a matter for some other time , first i needed to escape my own walls . 
 the chauffeur opened one of the doors , poking in his head , `` milady . 
 i hear that you wish to see the village ? 
 ready to set off ? '' 
 `` yes , tomas is it ? '' 
 i smiled at him , `` and there is no rush , feel free to take whatever route you desire . 
 i do enjoy the countryside . '' 
 he grinned , `` yes , milady . '' 
 people were always pleased when you remembered their name , `` we 'll be going in but a moment . '' 
 the door closed and i felt the coach rock as he climbed aboard . 
 someone else climbed up on the other side , the footman , and then the door opened once again . 
 `` milady , '' said aylee , smiling fondly . 
 i gaped , at a loss for words . 
 she shook her head , `` ca n't believe it , to hear you 'd make me ride into the village on horseback when you were heading in that very direction . '' 
 i began to smile . 
 `` and here you are , '' she continued , voice full of mock indignation , `` you 're all in your fancy duds , but me ? 
 nothing but town clothes ! 
 i 'm positively shabby ! 
 why , it 's likely you 'll not even want me to wait on you in my state of dress . '' 
 recovered , i leaned forward and we hugged , then broke free as my curiosity did the same , `` i thought i told you to take the day as vacation ? '' 
 the carriage eased forward , clip-clop of the horses ' hooves reverberating in the courtyard . 
 aylee was shaking her head at me , `` that 's what i 'm doing . 
 i was in the kitchen picking up a snack for my visit , and then i hear wint talking how he 'd run a picnic out to your carriage . 
 knowing you were so aggravated from earlier , it seemed likely that you 'd not mind a bit of company . '' 
 `` oh yes , '' i gushed , strengthened by her presence , `` i love it ! 
 thank you , dear ! '' 
 she looked at me with an odd expression of consideration , `` milady , is there something more to this trip ? 
 you seem less burdened . '' 
 my face froze and i lowered my voice , `` am i really so transparent ? '' 
 `` oh no , milady . 
 it 's not that , i 've just been with you for so long . '' 
 aylee patted my shoulder , `` worry not , i think it 's a good idea . 
 you need to get away for a breath . '' 
 `` do you think they will come after me ? 
 i have no idea what father plans for this next week . '' 
 she shook her head , `` it 's not likely that they 'll need you right away . 
 they 'll probably keep busy just arranging furniture and learning each other 's names . '' 
 `` i hope you are right , i am in no mood for preening . '' 
 the gentle sway of the cabin was soothing , sounds of the city a murmur outside . 
 i kept wondering what father would do , kept waiting to be caught , but aylee 's reassurance was working to bring calm . 
 a good while passed with the both of us dozing . 
 eventually i sat up with a yawn , stretched , and opened one of the window shutters . 
 the countryside moved past us at a leisurely stroll , city already retreating behind . 
 tomas must have chosen the west gate , it was the fastest way out . 
 fields brimmed with a growing harvest and the sky was a perfect mix of blue and white . 
 atop one of the rolling hills floated the local elder tree , red leaves sparkling in the wind . 
 its roots trailed down beneath its trunk , anchoring the ancient growth . 
 aylee spoke from the other side of the cabin , voice soft with newly waking , `` i love the stories on why they float , do n't you ? '' 
 i watched the gentle glide as it followed the wind , tendrils of wood pulling tight as it reached the end of its leash , `` yes , father says aldyor chooses to show his power in this way , a reminder that he still watches his children . '' 
 `` my father said the same , though his mother believed in another . '' 
 `` did the people still believe in other gods so recently ? '' 
 i glanced over my shoulder , `` the books are empty on old religion . '' 
 `` ah , that 's your grandfather 's legacy , '' aylee nodded , staring out into the blue sky , `` he had the books rewritten , made sure all would know the truth as it must be , as aldyor has written . '' 
 `` yes , that was good , '' i said . 
 though not as strong in belief as aylee , i saw value in that bit of history , `` it brought galania a greater peace . 
 too many squabbled over silly matters of faith before gilanth 's decree . '' 
 she smiled , `` faith is never a silly matter , even when arguing . 
 keep your faith , milady . 
 it will answer you soon enough and you 'll return in peace . '' 
 her expectation dug at me . 
 i had to tell the truth . 
 my voice turned hushed with worry , `` aylee , i do not mean to go back to castle eyreso , not anytime soon . 
 i mean to go all the way to myla 's . '' 
 aylee gasped , `` oh ald ! 
 you 're not just hiding away nearby ? '' 
 i shook my head , `` no , i need some real distance from father . 
 i need to know that he can not drag me away . 
 cousin can protect me until i can protect myself . '' 
 we both lapsed into silence , weighed down with the magnitude of my actions . 
 chapter five aylee walked at my side as we made way toward the orphanage . 
 her tone had become worried after i revealed my plans , `` who knows how long the weather will remain agreeable ! 
 it 's quite late in the season , milady . 
 soon enough the skies will darken , and you do n't want to get caught in a snap-mist . '' 
 i gave her a glare , `` aylee , i thought you supported my idea to get away . '' 
 `` aye , away to the town , to the village ! 
 away for a day or two maybe , '' she said , voice concerned , `` perhaps you should stay in the royal cabins . 
 just enjoy the countryside . 
 it 'd give you time to think , and it 'd be less of a danger . '' 
 my mind had been set , resolve bolstered by mother 's acceptance and aylee 's initial support . 
 her doubt shook me and made me defensive , `` if i stay here , father will surely snatch me back into the castle . 
 he will force my hand , and i am sick of being under his power . '' 
 she pulled open the door to our destination , a large building of tan stone with aldyor 's hand painted brightly to either side of the entrance , `` you 're letting him force your hand right now . 
 running away wo n't solve this problem . '' 
 a cold stare met her declaration . 
 i had felt so free during the ride . 
 responsibilities had been melting away , `` i can not stop him . 
 he has pushed me out of the council and left me dark to his plans . '' 
 i attempted to put finality into my voice , `` i must leave his range of influence . '' 
 our conversation cut off as we walked into the boarding home . 
 priest attendants had gathered into a loose formation of greeting , no doubt warned of our presence but moments before . 
 they wore the deep blue garments of their order , floor-length habits with white gloves , cinched white belt , and a hooded mask that covered all but their eyes . 
 the eldest bowed in front of the group , robes crinkling with starch , `` princess lyncia , we are ever honored by your patronage . '' 
 his face was bare , a tight-fitting cap of white cloth surrounding the rest of his head . 
 the smile i returned was only half-forced . 
 i enjoyed the orphanage 's purpose , `` i am always glad to know our people are given a chance to prosper . 
 your service to the poor gives hope to the kingdom and honor to aldyor . '' 
 all of their heads bowed at my words , voices rising in unison , `` in honor to aldyor . '' 
 the eldest waved the others away , `` return to your duties , attend to your charges . '' 
 aylee nodded her head to the priest , `` tun ' aldyor bast , praise be to aldyor . '' 
 bast bowed again , `` madam aylee , your faith strengthens us . 
 what brings you on this day ? 
 would milady care to see our newest intakes ? '' 
 his gesture led our eyes deeper into the building . 
 the room showed a past life as a temple , high arched ceiling once providing an airy open place of worship . 
 partitions of wood and cloth divided that space now , small rooms offering modicums of privacy . 
 i nodded , `` yes , let us see who you have found . 
 is the city still where most originate ? '' 
 `` of course , '' his words somber , `` the capitol has a wealth of strengths , but its people can have difficulty finding a place . '' 
 he led us through the maze of screens , `` the council 's work to expand lodgings has helped , but some seek to escape eyreso altogether . '' 
 we ducked under a flap of cloth acting as a door . 
 inside was a small mat serving as a bed with wool blankets . 
 a young child sat weaving a basket , pausing to glance up at our arrival . 
 aylee crouched and reached out , `` may i see what you 're doing ? '' 
 tun ' aldyor spoke softly as the two discussed the basket , `` she is one of eight that arrived this week , all between the ages of five and twelve . 
 four have no parents , and the others ran away after being beaten ... or worse . '' 
 my teeth clenched together , `` thank goodness they found way to your door . 
 are you still finding enough work for those that can ? '' 
 he nodded , `` aye , though not always the work they wish for . 
 three ran away just last night , though we do not prohibit them from leaving . 
 they seem to fear breaking our hearts more than dangers in the dark . '' 
 i crouched down beside aylee , smiling at the child , `` my , what a lovely basket you made . '' 
 the child 's eyes widened as she took in my dress , the royal emblem stitched into its sleeves , and then the sword at my side , `` princess ladyblade ! '' 
 i laughed fondly , touched a finger to her forehead , `` princess lyncia . 
 that is an old name . '' 
 her gleeful expression was haunting . 
 going to the orphanage was a terrible idea when trying to run away . 
 some of my duties were self-imposed , and now i began realizing that i 'd be leaving them behind . 
 it was easy to think of myself as powerless when standing next to the king , but to the common people , i was power . 
 tun ' aldyor spoke more on the plight of his charges . 
 the stories were much the same as when i 'd last visited . 
 i did n't know how to fix those problems , did n't know if i could . 
 my leaving definitely would n't help , all the work i could do would be forgotten . 
 father seemed to like that i had projects , but he did little to provide for them . 
 we toured more of the rooms , played with some of the children , asked questions of others . 
 aylee eventually rested a hand on my shoulder , `` i think i shall leave to see darren now , and patrey . 
 i miss them all the more after seeing this lot . '' 
 she saw her family too little , so i nodded readily , `` of course , enjoy yourself . 
 this is still your day of vacation . '' 
 bast raised a hand , `` perhaps you could bring them to our service this evening . 
 we will be performing a mass healing for one of the florinth council . 
 he has been terribly sick and had a nasty fall . '' 
 aylee 's eyes widened , `` oh no , was it master brouthe ? 
 ald knows he 's the only one that can get anything done . '' 
 the priest smiled thinly , `` yes , and support for our ceremony shows his importance . 
 we believe the entire devotion will show . '' 
 i grinned , excited by the prospect , `` lovely ! 
 i have not chanced attending a mass healing . '' 
 `` our priest attendants have provided personal care , but the sickness burns too quickly . 
 ald will provide when minds are in unison . '' 
 bast bowed slightly to the two of us , `` now , as ever i am humbled by your visit , but it is time for me to prepare . 
 honor to aldyor . '' 
 aylee and i repeated with differing conviction . 
 her tone was always so fervent while mine was a lifeless jumble of sounds . 
 she turned and hugged me , `` please do not leave , milady . 
 at least wait until tomorrow . '' 
 i looked away with a grimace , `` we shall see . '' 
 her face tightened , then smoothed forcibly . 
 she curtsied slowly , then departed . 
 i was left in the hushed presence of low voices and faint sounds . 
 there were dozens of children and priests somewhere among the sea of cloth , but i suddenly felt very alone . 
 my drive to leave had grown weak and uncertain despite what i 'd said to aylee . 
 i walked slowly through the orphanage , moving toward the exit without any idea what to do next . 
 i gravitated next door to the temple . 
 it was a newer building that had resulted from long arguments with father . 
 he had seen no reason to build anything beyond the city walls , had argued that the old temple was more than enough for the village . 
 i sat on a prayer box and stared down a double-domed chamber that was nearly empty . 
 tall pillars with carvings of spiraling designs added a sense of height . 
 large windows in the building 's sides brought in sundown 's golden light . 
 prayer boxes filled the floor in neat rows , no taller than a fist and painted on top with ald 's hand . 
 they were just large enough for one person , vast improvements on the last building 's use of wooden pallets of varying sizes and shapes . 
 the temple was an example of my ability to succeed . 
 it showed that i could counter father 's wishes . 
 my mind quieted at the reminder . 
 `` a beautiful space to rest and find peace , '' said a low voice . 
 `` yes , it is so very tranquil . 
 i 'd forgotten . '' 
 i glanced to my side , considered the arriving company . 
 one of the priest attendants had settled next to me , resting on his knees and sitting on his heels , toes pointed backwards . 
 he gestured to the room , `` apologies for interrupting your thoughts , but the town is gathering to fill the temple . '' 
 `` ah , thank you for the forewarning . '' 
 i glanced over my shoulder at the doors , `` it will be lovely seeing so many in one place . '' 
 `` princess , '' he said , voice curious , `` your family vouched for this construction , did they not ? '' 
 my gaze drifted down the empty room , settling on the central altar . 
 father had eventually called for the vote , had helped once i gathered allies and proved the benefit , `` yes , though there were many with voices of support . '' 
 `` ah , but the many must find a singular point of focus to do great deeds . '' 
 his voice was soft , soothing , `` perhaps royalty was not the only voice , but such power amplifies the others . '' 
 a faint rumble sounded as the great doors opened and people filed in . 
 i glanced over to the attendant , `` thank you for the kind words , i will remember them . '' 
 he stood , `` you gave us a place to amplify aldyor 's voice , the order is grateful . 
 such support is not always guaranteed . 
 honor to aldyor . '' 
 i felt thoughtful as i watched him walk away . 
 the hall began to reverberate with rising voices . 
 my early arrival had ensured good placement fairly close to the altar , a fact that was soon important as the crowd grew in force . 
 the depth of quiet from earlier was now replaced by noise . 
 i craned my neck to look for aylee , found her winding around boxes and people and moving in my direction . 
 she curtsied , smiling with genuine warmth , `` thank ald you 're still here . 
 i 'd worried ... '' her voice cut off as her son and husband joined a moment later . 
 darren bowed to nearly split himself in half , `` milady , an honor to meet you . '' 
 their boy , tall for the age of six , looked at me with shining eyes , `` are you lady of the blade ? '' 
 he held the bottom hem of his shirt in both hands , fidgeting with nervousness . 
 my mood rose to meet the child 's , `` i suppose that i am . 
 are you patrey ? '' 
 he nodded , eyes growing even wider as he turned to aylee , `` lady of the blade knows my name ! '' 
 aylee pulled her boy aside and settled onto the box where the attendant had been , `` yes she does . 
 remember , your momma works with the princess . 
 now hush baby , the ceremony is starting . '' 
 her husband took the next box over , kneeling with the difficulty of aching joints . 
 rising sounds of chanting had begun cutting through the noise of conversation . 
 a line of priest attendants had filed in calling their intonations in unison . 
 they halted in front of the altar . 
 one called out in a high-pitched yell , `` aldyor heeds those dedicated ! 
 aldyor provides those devoted ! 
 aldyor restores those elated ! '' 
 then the group burst forth with a new chant as one . 
 everyone 's side-chatter began to die so that voices could join the recitation . 
 the eldest entered from a side door , chanting in time with the others , helping an old man limp toward the altar . 
 i recognized the man , head council to the town . 
 brouthe was a well-educated elder that had once lived in the capitol . 
 some thought of him as the reason florinth had grown in the last decade , and for that a majority of the people loved him . 
 now he lay on the altar in tremors , skin pale , with an obviously-broken leg . 
 the priest unwrapped the wound to reveal a ghastly sight of jagged bone jutting through skin . 
 the chamber began thrumming with joined voices as they synchronized into rough harmony . 
 `` beseech thee aldyor , hear us , restore us ! '' 
 i added my own voice as a feeling of something greater joined the room . 
 goosebumps formed on my skin . 
 my fingertips went numb . 
 faith had been difficult as i 'd learned more of history , too many lands worshipping too many strange names . 
 my thoughts wavered from the chant , my voice died in my distraction . 
 the discussion i had with aylee on old gods returned to the forefront of my mind . 
 despite my inattention , something was happening inside the temple . 
 everyone could see the results , could see the presence . 
 brouthe 's chest was heaving , his back arched . 
 the broken leg looked like it 'd been grabbed by empty air as something twisted it side to side , inspecting . 
 those two bits of bone began to shift and twist . 
 they melted together and the skin began to knit . 
 but the councilman was n't the only one affected . 
 bodies shook and convulsed throughout the crowd . 
 some force flowed through them and made slight adjustments . 
 my own head buzzed , thoughts interrupted as if some shuffling hand raked through my brain . 
 memories and ideas flashed by against my will . 
 at the altar , something spoke in a voice that cracked like thunder and echoed through the mind , `` aldyor ? '' 
 the people within the temple were shocked into silence . 
 after the mass of sound , the sudden quiet felt eerie . 
 tun ' aldyor reached his hands up to the sky , `` honor to aldyor ! '' 
 hundreds of voices chanted back , `` honor to aldyor ! '' 
 a renewed fervor of voices rose in the building , rejoicing . 
 talk of the miracle was on everyone 's tongue . 
 i felt too stunned to speak . 
 it was n't just that brouthe had been healed , the main temple in eyreso did such healings once a month . 
 this time , something had spoken . 
 something had touched the crowd . 
 aylee was speaking excitedly , `` to have heard the voice of aldyor , to have felt his presence , we are very blessed ! 
 oh , milady , thank you for providing this opportunity . 
 i 'd not have been here if not for the vacation . '' 
 a quick glance about the crowd made me feel isolated . 
 everyone else seemed excited , faces glowing in rapture . 
 i felt cast aside . 
 the aches and pains of my training had no respite while others seemed invigorated . 
 i looked back to aylee , hid my disturbance , `` you are welcome . 
 had you been to a healing before ? '' 
 she smiled , `` of course , on many occasions ! 
 i try to join the dedicated whenever they 're called . 
 normally you just see some wounds sealing shut or maybe hear a pop or two as the body sets . '' 
 `` did aldyor give you restoration ? '' 
 i asked , thoughtful . 
 aylee grinned , `` oh my , he did ! 
 i feel ten years younger ! '' 
 her excitement was catching , and i smiled despite my disquiet , `` wonderful ! 
 what a beautiful experience . '' 
 it had been , but it 'd also been a shock to my system that was too much to take . 
 i suddenly wanted nothing more than to go home . 
 leaning in close , i gave aylee a tight hug , `` i am going back to the castle . 
 tonight . 
 please , take tomorrow as vacation as well . 
 thank you for your advice , and your wisdom . '' 
 `` milady . '' 
 she curtsied , eyes shining , `` you make the hard choice , but the good one . 
 i know you 'll be stronger for it . '' 
 as i left , people were lining up to touch the councilman . 
 all wanted to see the leg that aldyor healed , to touch the skin that no longer burned with fever . 
 i did n't breathe easier until i 'd left the building . 
 chapter six returning to the castle made me feel childish , foolish . 
 what kind of woman was i that could n't see a choice to the end ? 
 it was the most difficult thing i 'd ever done and left me doubting my judgment . 
 my ride home had been dark and quiet and full of a thousand internal arguments . 
 i almost asked tomas to turn around a hundred times . 
 passing back through west gate i could see the outline of castle eyreso . 
 its drab silhouette had never driven me to inspiration , and i almost loathed it then . 
 it was a block of stone and mortar with twin towers at the two southern corners and hardly a scratch of ornamentation . 
 my eyes rested on the bright signal fires ever burning on the tower tops , two glowing spindly fingers stabbing at the sky . 
 i 'd always thought they made the castle look like a great horned beast , like griyael 's skull . 
 but that line of thought led me back to the old gods and my strange experience in the temple . 
 i veered my ideas back to father and my failed retreat . 
 those were easier mountains to hurdle . 
 i needed to come up with a plan to stall any decision to send me away . 
 i did n't have my heart set on being queen , but i did want to stay in galania . 
 no one greeted me when i returned , and why would they ? 
 only aylee and mother knew my original intent . 
 to everyone else it 'd been another outing . 
 i could n't tell which hurt more , the seeming indifference or my broken conviction . 
 i woke after a night of fitful sleep , knowing i would have to confront father . 
 the lady 's maid from before attended me , and i surely worried her with my mumbled thoughts . 
 she dressed me in a beautiful gown of burgundy , with shimmery black stripes and a flare of cloth that swept from the knees to the floor . 
 i hardly noticed , only nodding as she displayed a clever weave of black and red braid she 'd used on my scabbard . 
 my eyes were on the mirror , on the green gaze staring back at me . 
 i watched my features , willing them to smooth and relax ; the result was something more like a terracotta mask of impassiveness , rather than the fierce determination i desired . 
 the servant drew a knot of braid matching my scabbard around my waist . 
 her action drew me back to the moment , `` oh , thank you . 
 you have made me lovely . '' 
 then i dismissed her and left my room , retying the knot at my side as i walked . 
 there were even more servants in the hall and each one fanned my frustration . 
 thoughts of deceit and mistrust fueled a rising irritation . 
 questioning the guards gradually led me to the library . 
 the ceiling-high shelves made the room dark and full of shadows . 
 navigating the maze of books and boxes led me to the central study . 
 father wore a rather bemused expression as he watched me approach . 
 his eyes flicked to the knot tied on my side and his smirk disappeared , `` lyncia , i had not expected you home so soon . 
 usually you are much more stubborn when you do something drastic . '' 
 the heat on my skin matched my flare of anger , `` mother told ? '' 
 `` of course , '' he said , `` parents must present a unified front . '' 
 turning from me , his gaze settled back to the pages of his book . 
 making a small mark with a pen , he then placed its bookmark and shut it closed . 
 `` now , what are you here for ? 
 i assume your presence means you are missing your daily lessons , a waste as you will not dissuade me from the way forward . '' 
 `` maybe not , but at least tell me your plan . '' 
 i searched fruitlessly for the words i 'd chosen from the night before , `` tell me what this assessment means to decide . '' 
 he wore his crown and formal attire , shimmering purple cape and a gold-flecked tunic of blue . 
 his bearing was wholly that of the king , voice quiet and firm , `` you make demands , throwing your words like arrows for the heart . 
 such action is a sure way to your ruin . 
 there is but one way for you to live in peace : obey . 
 the rest of our kingdom learned this long ago and i yet marvel at your inability to understand . '' 
 `` so i must give up any struggle ? 
 what then ? '' 
 i realized my fists were clenched , palms aching with the pressure of my nails , `` i am your daughter , and you have taught me not to break , not to bow . 
 i am made in your image . '' 
 `` oh i know , '' he said , cool smile on his lips , `` you have the same fire in you that i had at your age . 
 if you were a boy i would have sent you abroad to carve out new lands . 
 if only your brother had not taken so keenly after prisclyn . '' 
 my eyes narrowed at the admittance , `` then change the ways . 
 sign a paper , make a declaration . 
 none shall rise against your decision . '' 
 `` simple for you to say , but it shows you pay little attention to history . '' 
 `` i have spent years studying the histories of our land . 
 it has taught me that great changes bring great reward . '' 
 i set my hand on the hilt of my sword , drawing confidence from the stance , `` you could urge forward a stronger galania , you know that i am worthy of the crown . '' 
 `` yet a key point , '' he said , approaching me with a frown , `` is that galania does not stand alone . 
 nalan is a much larger world beyond our borders . '' 
 without asking , he reached forward and untied the knot on my side , scooting it back to the center and cinching it at my waist in one motion , `` tell me , what prince would settle in our lands to marry you ? '' 
 i gaped , closed my mouth , and then shook my head wordlessly . 
 `` then you agree , you can not think of any either . '' 
 he tied off the braid with half-presentable ornamentation , speaking as to a child , `` no king , no emperor , would send an heir to a distant land . 
 could they risk losing the line 's claim ? 
 no . 
 i think not . '' 
 `` you insult me in your actions , and your words , '' i was trembling , the feelings inside of me a tumultuous fury , `` the loss of a daughter is just as much a risk . 
 i am just as worthy to the line , just as irreplaceable . '' 
 his eyes widened slightly . 
 unconsciously he took a step back . 
 without thinking i 'd bared one fist and was gripping the hilt of my blade , knuckles bright . 
 my cheeks were a rich copper with anger , `` i ... '' a deep breath shook through me and i dropped my hands to my side , turned away from father , `` i will not accept this . 
 if you do not agree to stand with your daughter , then i will have the council stand with me instead . '' 
 `` humph , '' he grunted , and walked past me to a wall-mounted cabinet , `` i suppose you can try , but i doubt you would make a difference . '' 
 key in hand , he unlocked the sliding door and pulled it aside . 
 a heavily-pinned map of the continent showed galania and the kingdom sharing our western border , `` look at larbane . 
 what do you see ? '' 
 i stepped close , staring , `` battle markers . 
 larbane looks like it is in the middle of a war . '' 
 father shook his head , `` not war , a rebellion . 
 they killed their king and have split into a hundred factions . 
 every day brings a new warlord claiming to rule . '' 
 understanding filled me with fear . 
 my voice sounded strange and distant , `` you intend to raise the armies ... '' `` it is a perfect opportunity , '' he said , rubbing his mustache and scrutinizing the map , `` we can finally remove their threat . 
 border raids have plagued the west for centuries . 
 without unification we can sweep through their countryside with minimal losses . '' 
 `` and that is why you have called aleasancia ? '' 
 `` they get everything past the jaws of lars . 
 we extend saydeen 's borders past the winding lakes . '' 
 he turned away from the map , `` but you are to confirm the pact . 
 we need you as a binding that will prevent squabbles and betrayal . '' 
 suddenly my involvement seemed trivial . 
 the wider implications had me horrified , `` galania has never started a conflict . 
 you would dishonor a reign of peace ! '' 
 `` how would you have us survive ? 
 should we resign ourselves to the slow retreat of our lands ? '' 
 he gestured at the map , `` we could rid ourselves of a menace ! 
 one conflict might grant us generations of peace ! '' 
 `` larbane has not been a ` menace ' since long before i was born . '' 
 i stared at father , `` you beat them back , why would you open that wound ? '' 
 he looked tired , jaw set , `` the land is not static , child . 
 part of ruling is making hard choices to ensure prosperity . 
 half of our land belongs to the desert , and our cities expand with each day . 
 this plan benefits our security , and it guarantees rich farmland . '' 
 i pressed my hands to my face and took a deep breath , `` there is surely another way . '' 
 `` there is not ! 
 i have done nothing in this lifetime but seek out solutions ! '' 
 his voice rumbled with bitterness . 
 the air felt thick , the room dangerous , `` you focus on such small things , can only see a single brick where we need a wall . '' 
 `` let others join you in this search for courses of action , '' i begged , `` this seems such a rash action . '' 
 his hand waved away my suggestion , `` it is too late . 
 the decisions are already made . 
 every duchy comes with word of their pledges . 
 the northern kingdoms have joined our cause . '' 
 `` i will not idly stand by , '' i said , `` this can not happen . '' 
 `` you have no choice , '' he said , voice going cold , `` go , and do not think to run again . 
 you are obviously in a state of hysteria . 
 the priest attendants will forbid you from leaving . 
 no carriages will carry you out my gates . '' 
 `` you think to send me to my room ? 
 i am no child ! '' 
 father grabbed my shoulder , `` you will ... '' i shoved his arm away with a slap of my palm , hitting harder than i 'd meant . 
 `` do not touch me ! '' 
 tears welled up in frustration and anger . 
 his face lit up with surprise . 
 the expression darkened in an instant and he swung the back of his hand at my face . 
 it was a graceless blow , empty of thought . 
 i dodged to one side and shoved him away in a rush of anger . 
 it caught him off guard , and it was ever easy to forget my strength . 
 the king went toppling backward and landed against the map 's cabinet . 
 it shuddered and his weight tore away pins and ripped the paper . 
 he fell into a seated position against the wall , looking bewildered with cape wrapped around his torso and crown askew . 
 i stared , hardly understanding what had happened . 
 he pushed himself up , fuming , `` ald curse you ... '' fear lanced through me and i took a hesitant step forward , `` father , i am sorry ... '' anger twisted his face into the shape of a stranger , `` i ought to throw you into your room and lock the door . 
 you have grown wild and disrespectful ! '' 
 he took a step toward me , stopped ... for a fleeting moment , fear replaced the steel of his gaze . 
 i was armed , and he was not . 
 father shook his head and stalked away to the side , `` enough of this ! '' 
 guttural growls followed his retreat from the library . 
 shocked , i watched him go , speechless . 
 everything had happened so quickly . 
 dazed , i walked to the study 's table and sat down . 
 my eyes would n't focus , the world was blurred . 
 father 's book lay on the table . 
 eventually it caught my attention . 
 all manner of string had been set between different pages . 
 someone had marked hundreds of places . 
 i opened it to the page marked by the book 's own ribbon . 
 a small star-shaped mark rested near the end of a sentence : ... ancestors of larbanian kings controlled an artifact directing flows of water . 
 i flipped to another page marked with string , then another . 
 each of the threads led to several of the marks , each of the sentences mentioning objects of power or fabled locations . 
 what provoked a king 's interest in children 's stories ? 
 i snapped it shut , stood with indecision , and then decided to carry it back to my room . 
 father rounded the corner of a bookshelf and stopped mid-step . 
 he eyed me , face still flush , then glanced at the book . 
 he bared his teeth in a scowl , `` hand it to me . '' 
 it seemed such a trivial thing , and yet i hesitated . 
 the expression on his face quelled my disobedience . 
 my hands were shaking as he snatched it away . 
 narrowed eyes met mine . 
 then he spun on heel and walked away wordlessly . 
 chapter seven `` wake up , wake up ! 
 milady , it 's time to prepare for your training ! '' 
 i hid from the intrusion , pulling blankets over my head with a groan . 
 my dreams had been cryptic , my sleep restless . 
 the day prior had passed too quickly with a thousand strings left hanging . 
 i did not feel rested or ready . 
 aylee clucked her tongue , `` princess lyncia , fierce and tireless , hiding from the dawn ! 
 it is time to greet the day ! '' 
 `` dawn is an hour away , '' i grumbled , muffled by the blankets , `` let it greet someone else . '' 
 she tugged the blankets away from my face and smiled at my half-lidded aggravation , `` come now , i 've brought your porridge and tea and i 'll brush your hair as you wake . '' 
 my room was dimly lit with a dozen fresh candles . 
 i always wondered how early she must get up to prepare for me . 
 the thought of her sacrificed time made me relent to her pestering . 
 sitting up was a practice in concentrated will , `` ugh , okay . 
 you are far too persistent . 
 i should have you replaced with that lady 's maid who helped while you were away . 
 she was far more timid . '' 
 mock-outrage sprang on her features , `` you would n't ! 
 i 'm positively insulted ! 
 oh , you 've become so insensitive , so cold ! '' 
 i rolled my eyes , `` alright , where is this porridge you promised ? 
 i might as well eat if you really are going to keep me awake . '' 
 she walked over to my writing desk , stepping carefully so as to avoid a large assortment of crumpled letters and ink-stained blotting paper . 
 now that i had sat up , aylee set the tray on my lap , `` milady , you have been gathering quite the collection of paper figurines . 
 they appear to multiply every night . '' 
 `` hmm , so they do , '' i muttered , eyeing the wasted sheets . 
 sipping from my tea , i let out a breath of contentment at the drink , `` alarmingly i am finding that being diplomatic is rather tedious . '' 
 aylee began tugging the brush down through my hair , quick short strokes to loosen up the purpled black locks . 
 `` what i find alarming , '' she replied , `` is that this room has become rather messy . 
 the last week has found you scribbling away every evening . '' 
 turning my head away for better brushing , i downed my small meal quickly . 
 the attention on my food left me at the mercy of a lecture . 
 `` now i understand you wanting to keep your personal matters quiet , but you have n't said a word about what 's bothering you since i got back . '' 
 she yanked , probably purposely , on a tangle , `` i have n't thought it would be polite to pry , but this furious brooding you 're doing ca n't be healthy . 
 of course , judging from the grim glares of your father makes him seem the culprit . 
 are you sure there 's nothing you want to tell me ? 
 i 'm all ears . '' 
 i pushed the bowl away , resting my hands around the warmth of the teacup , `` aylee , you are sweet , but this is a matter of family . 
 thank you , all the same . '' 
 her brushing stopped at that . 
 she set down the ivory-handled brush on the nightstand and let out a sigh , `` ald , strengthen me . '' 
 aylee sat on the bed in front of me , legs dangling over the side , `` you know i once thought you 'd tell me anything that passed tween your ears . 
 have we lost that , milady ? '' 
 `` no ... '' i said , hesitating , looking away , `` i have a lot to consider , and you have seemed so happy since your vacation . '' 
 a soft smile lit her face , `` it was good to get away from the castle for a change of pace . 
 i was able to enjoy some time with darren , especially so as his joints had limbered after the healing . '' 
 her expression brightened with spots of red and she hurried past a thought , `` and patrey was so excited to have finally met you . 
 you know how the children love tales of your youth . '' 
 `` it embarrasses me so , '' i said , but a grin had touched my lips , `` mummers have embellished my life so that i hardly know my own deeds . '' 
 aylee smiled broadly , `` ah , there you are . 
 it 's good to see you finally rise above your gloom . '' 
 the statement drew the amusement from me and i glanced away , picking at the underside of my nails . 
 i forced out a long sigh , then began , `` i accidentally shoved father into a wall and knocked him over during a fight . '' 
 `` what !? 
 milady , no ... '' `` and , i may have hit his arm away a smidge harder than was proper ... '' her face fell , `` oh ald , i know the two of you fight , but this sounds serious ! '' 
 i glanced up , `` in my defense , i think he was going to slap me . '' 
 the expression on her face swept into a scowl , `` oh , that ... '' she cut herself off , then let out a snort , `` that , man ! 
 ald bless the king , but you are his daughter ! '' 
 aylee tucked a hand under her right arm , rubbing at her temple with the other , `` has your mother said anything ? '' 
 `` she has been keeping to her chambers again , '' my voice strained , `` that is how it always goes , she retreats to avoid the conflict . '' 
 `` well no wonder you 've been so frustrated ! '' 
 aylee hopped off the bed , continued rubbing her temple , `` and all of these papers ? 
 are you writing to the king ? '' 
 `` no , '' i murmured , voice quiet with a sudden wave of uncertainty , `` i am courting the council for favors . '' 
 restlessness welled up within me and i got up as well , walked toward my dressing screens , `` i should get ready for training . '' 
 aylee spoke from the other side , and i heard her gathering up my crumpled letters , `` well , you should n't very well leave these lying about . 
 what if someone nosy came snooping through your room ? '' 
 `` that is a very good point , '' i said , slipping out of my nightdress , `` you and i are the only ones ever in my room , but caution is never wasted . 
 i suppose caution has not been my strong suit . '' 
 i pulled on tights and a belted dress for my sparring , `` i almost had a guard deliver my first letter . 
 a copy would likely have reached father . 
 deception hardly seems to suit me . '' 
 `` this is a dangerous turn of events , milady . '' 
 her voice sounded worried , `` you know history better than i. remember the lessons of king tylin and his ancestors . '' 
 i shook my head , walking out to sit on the small bench beside my vanity table , `` unruly young ladies are no longer exiled . 
 now they are just married . 
 besides , i have argued with father a thousand times . 
 we always see eye to eye in the end . '' 
 aylee kneeled down to help lace my boots , `` that may be true , but important things are happening . 
 i 've heard that baronies are pledging support from across galania . 
 a wealth of gifts have been delivered to the castle as their promise . 
 the voice of aleasancia arrived just last night . 
 all of our west wing is filled from his retinue . '' 
 that news struck me like a thunderclap , `` oh no , that means i have run out of time ! '' 
 she glanced up , tying off my second boot , `` what do you mean you 're out of time ? 
 it 's barely daybreak . '' 
 i started unlacing the footwear , `` no , but you do not understand . 
 with aleasancia present , father will call the first council of assessments . 
 he will cater to them . '' 
 her eyes met mine for a prolonged moment . 
 she stood up and hurried for the door , `` i will draw a bath . '' 
 the understanding in her actions made me grin though a nervousness rattled through my veins . 
 i would have to skip my practice battles with jacob , but a real battle might very well take place with council . 
 father 's maxim had always been that i speak only when spoken to ; only then would i be allowed a presence in the hall . 
 providing feedback , clarifying an idea , even returning an argument was fine as long as someone else asked it of me . 
 otherwise i was to bring up my grievances to the king in private . 
 it had been wonderful practice toward making me patient and controlling my temper . 
 now i needed to direct the ire of years past into something daring . 
 in record time aylee had the servants draw my bath . 
 then i sent her away to deliver a final message that i 'd hastily finished . 
 it would read rather brisk for polite interaction , but was the best i could do under the circumstances . 
 aylee returned to help me dress , choosing an outfit specially designed with my family 's colors . 
 it was a bright , flawless white dress that made my upper-body formless , hugged my hips , and then narrowed down so that i could barely take a complete stride . 
 it bore a high choker-collar of gold that covered my throat with stiff rigid cloth . 
 a stripe of the same shimmering cloth cut down the center of my front , a beautiful rich color that broke my form in two . 
 the golden crown of eyreso was embroidered in shimmering thread on each shoulder . 
 pinning up my hair carefully , aylee 's deft fingers moved quick with practice . 
 as a final touch she slid in the circlet of my station , a thin gold band that shone against the dark locks . 
 her smile widened , `` you look resplendent , milady . '' 
 i made a solemn nod , `` thanks to you . 
 i only hope that my letters have been enough . '' 
 a hint of concern furrowed her brow , `` milady ... do be careful , please . 
 rulers can be touchy when their power is challenged , and most rulers are n't your father . '' 
 then we slipped the sword around my waist , her help more important as the dress greatly restricted my mobility . 
 it was left unadorned this time , the white leather and golden hilt a good match . 
 `` alright , '' i said , `` please go to the kitchens and ask for a good barrel of spirits . 
 have them bring it to the council chambers . 
 i hope to put the men at ease . 
 there will no doubt be hurt feelings on what i have proposed . '' 
 aylee curtseyed , `` good luck . '' 
 she hurried out the door and i was not far behind . 
 jacob stood outside my door as i left into the hall . 
 he had one arm raised as if to knock , `` oh ... '' he bowed , low and formal . 
 my state of dress declared the tone of conversation , `` milady , forgive me . 
 i had thought to check for today 's classes . '' 
 `` no need to apologize , '' i said , smiling , `` i am sorry to say i must miss your instruction . 
 there are boring matters of politics at hand . '' 
 `` more boring than my classes ? '' 
 he asked , unable to rein in his humor , `` have n't you used my tutelage as an excuse to escape some of those dry meetings ? '' 
 light laughter eased my nervousness , `` well , not this time . 
 i fear the need for my presence outweighs readings of philosophy of the direct and indirect strategies related to conflict . '' 
 i made my voice dry and toneless at the book 's title , then grinned , `` i know , it must shock you dearly . '' 
 jake sighed dramatically , `` yes , i may need a walk about the grounds to calm my nerves . '' 
 he bowed again , `` but , do not let me hold you any further . 
 i hope your meetings fair well . '' 
 i gave a gracious nod , `` thank you , '' then walked away . 
 oddly enough , i was suddenly feeling much better about the council 's meeting . 
 chapter eight the chamber was stuffy and warm , councilmen shifting with boredom and unease . 
 they peered at one-another across the room , definite delineations of support shown in the arrangement of their bodies . 
 there appeared to be three separate groups , large gaps between each as if none sought to chance a question of their patronage . 
 the room was as tall as the building 's rooftop . 
 small round stained-glass windows filled the ceiling in a pattern of concentric circles , hundreds of little portals of different colors . 
 it made the room 's light an ever-shifting pattern dependent on the sun 's travels . 
 father was late , but that was nothing unusual . 
 many of the council 's deliberations took place without his presence , but an assessment would require his oversight and direction . 
 treaties were oft referenced but rarely changed or broken . 
 the decisions that would take place might alter the course of galania for generations . 
 one of the councilmen leaned close to me and whispered in my ear , `` many thanks for the spirits , milady . 
 it was a good thought , for we may be in this hall for quite a spell . 
 some of the men have rested here for nearly an hour already . '' 
 i nodded to the elderly man , bald and holding a glass in hand , `` you are much welcome elan , i am glad to see that others are enjoying the drink . '' 
 we both directed our gaze to the barrel . 
 men from every group of the chambers were getting a glass . 
 it gave me hope to know that none were outwardly hostile toward my intentions . 
 the barrel sat to the rear of the room on the topmost level of seats , one of many tiers of benches circling around as part of a single spiraling walkway . 
 a person could walk through the huge double-doors and follow a path that led gradually to the top . 
 it had the design of a meditation labyrinth with only a single set of stairs opposite the entrance . 
 either you shared the thin stairway with others of the council or you would be forced to keep to the ramp . 
 councilmen passed each other along the stair and made polite conversation even among different groups . 
 elan whispered to me again , `` i understand a second group that opposes standing against your father , but what of the third group ? 
 do you suppose they are neutral on the matter ? '' 
 `` neutral , or waiting to see which way the wind blows . 
 i wrote to most of the men sitting together beside us , but some with my letters are now sitting in that third group . 
 i would not blame them if they disavow knowledge of my request . '' 
 elan shrugged , `` perhaps , but i would have thought they 'd choose the opposition 's side . 
 a third party needlessly complicates these matters . '' 
 i gave a silent chuckle , `` not all see the world as black and white . 
 shades of gray do exist my friend . 
 you are spoiled by your matters of trade . 
 you can judge decisions entirely on whether or not it will create profit . '' 
 the double doors of the chamber opened wide and two teams of guards marched into the room . 
 the first were castle eyreso 's men , the second bore the blue and gray of aleasancia . 
 both lined the walkway to the dais to make a hallway of guardsmen . 
 it was time to begin . 
 father and the voice entered without announcement or fanfare , though the committee stood as one in deference . 
 the two rulers had their heads turned close , a quiet conversation animated by their hands and expressions . 
 both seemed passionate on their discourse . 
 neither paid any heed to the council , or me . 
 they reached the dais and stood center to the room . 
 ald 's hand was palm up below them as if holding them on the raised platform . 
 the hall was designed to project voices from that point and that trait picked up some of their murmurs and carried jumbled sounds beyond comprehension . 
 the voice raised his hand and made an emphatic point , then my father shook his head , looking annoyed . 
 in the carried whispers of their discussion , i heard one thing with clarity , `` ... lyncia ... '' `` i am here , father . 
 perhaps i could assist in some matter relating to my name . '' 
 both of the rulers looked up , mouths snapping shut and lips tightening . 
 father narrowed his eyes , `` you were not invited to this discussion , daughter . '' 
 the volume of the room rose like a gradual avalanche . 
 members of the council leaned close to one another in quiet consideration of their positions . 
 those closest to me remained silent , almost ignoring my presence in their discomfort . 
 i hoped they would keep to their word . 
 `` i did not think i needed to be invited for every meeting . '' 
 i kept my own head high and back straight , thankful that my voice remained steady while my nerves danced , `` i have attended many council gatherings without a direct request . 
 it seems natural that i would be present for an assessment that affects my future . '' 
 it was the boldest i 'd ever been toward father in public , a small enough statement that resounded with meaning . 
 he pinched the bridge of his nose , voice soft as he spoke . 
 the dais projected the voice nonetheless , made it a breath of power , `` you have nothing to contribute to this affair except distraction . 
 please attend to your teachings . '' 
 aleasancia 's voice put a hand on my father 's shoulder , `` oh , please do let her stay . '' 
 his voice was a musical high-pitch , breathy , `` i would hear from the woman that would wed my son . 
 she shows herself to be well-beyond beauty , now what of her mind ? '' 
 he was a brick-red man of muscle and height , bare of any hair and wide of features . 
 stylized suns were tattooed on his face and the backs of his hands . 
 i struggled to keep shock from leaving my mouth hanging wide . 
 controlling my face led to gritted teeth and a forced smile . 
 breathe , i just needed to breathe and calm myself , `` thank you , sire . '' 
 i made a low curtsey , struggling against the constraining dress . 
 the king peered at me with a blank face , considering , then glanced around the hall . 
 he waved a hand to his side , `` then sit , everyone . 
 we shall begin our proceedings . 
 we gather today to provide for an initial planning discussion on actions against larbane . '' 
 he met my eyes , `` the course of action was already voted with majority in favor , so this will primarily be used to acquaint the body with division of duties between galania and his honor 's aleasancia . '' 
 everyone sat except for me . 
 i continued standing , defiant . 
 my palms felt damp , my skin warm , `` actually , in accordance with council policy , opening remarks must allow for objection to prior matters . '' 
 father 's jaw twitched , `` i suppose you have an objection you wish to raise ? '' 
 i nodded , gesturing to the dais , `` i do . 
 shall i approach the platform to speak ? '' 
 he shook his head , voice dripping with aggravation , `` just get on with your grievance . '' 
 `` i call into question ... '' i started , felt my body tremble , and then forced myself to continue , `` i question the council 's agreement on hostile action against larbane . 
 i humbly request that the members of this hall reconsider their vote . '' 
 the voice whispered to my father , but the sound carried from their platform , `` your assurances suddenly seem weak . '' 
 `` it is of no consequence , '' said jonath , his gaze locked to mine , speaking to the ruler and audience as one , `` a reconsideration of the vote will take place , but the outcome will not change . '' 
 he broke his stare finally , turning to address the council . 
 his eyes narrowed as he came to understand the division of groups , the barrel of spirits , `` stand now for those who support our requirement to control the western lands . 
 remember , we take this course of action in the name of peace , prosperity , and providence . '' 
 i sat down quickly , cursing my father for the change in process . 
 he forced me to react , always so clever to leverage control . 
 my eyes darted about the room to tally support . 
 gradually , my heart began to sink . 
 the vote was close , too close to know the results at a glance . 
 everyone at my side sat with me , opposing the decision . 
 the larger of the other two groups were standing , many looking at me with discreet and nervous glances . 
 only the third group stood without cohesion , peppered with differing opinions . 
 `` of those standing , '' said father , `` one of you shall count the vote . 
 of those sitting , you too will make your own record . '' 
 he peered back to me , `` this is such a dramatic shift compared to our first vote . 
 i would not have expected so many minds to sway . '' 
 the voice tittered , `` apparently the princess has something of her own in the way of influence . 
 how displeased you must be . 
 doubtless she would be quite a chore for my regala to control . '' 
 two members of the council approached the central dais . 
 they stepped onto the platform once beckoned . 
 the first spoke , `` 38 in favor , 39 opposed . '' 
 an identical answer came from the second . 
 again , the hall buzzed in a cascade of noise . 
 father raised his hand high above his head , then closed his fist dramatically . 
 the room went quiet . 
 my chest ached with a pounding heart . 
 he spoke calmly , not at all aggrieved , `` those of the council know the rules . 
 only members of this committee may vote . 
 did the count include my daughter ? '' 
 the two councilmen looked abashed . 
 one cleared his throat , paused , spoke nervously , `` 38 in favor ... 38 opposed . '' 
 `` understandable , '' said the king , soft smile on his features , `` her presence has become so regular in the hall , it can be easy to confuse her purpose . 
 though , i do hope you did include myself and the voice of aleasancia in the vote . 
 we too were standing . '' 
 both councilmen at the center glanced at one another , skin glowing a brighter red . 
 they seemed suddenly indecisive and frightened . 
 one shook his head in a faint motion , the other spoke , `` sire ... but ... '' father frowned , `` surely you would count our ally in this great decision ? 
 his kingdom has as much at stake in the process and eventual outcome . '' 
 `` 39 in favor ... '' the man 's voice was weak and broken , `` 38 opposed . '' 
 i stood , outraged , `` badly schemed father ! 
 members of this council , do not accept this vote ! 
 it has been made without honor ! '' 
 everyone began to speak at once . 
 arguments between the councilmen ran into one another in a clamorous cacophony . 
 aleasancia 's voice quirked his eyebrows , patting the king on his back , `` well done , friend . 
 though , i do say i am seriously questioning her suitability in my halls . '' 
 `` guardsmen , '' said father , ignoring the room 's chaos of voices , `` please escort the princess to her room . 
 she has come down with a sudden fit of hysterics . '' 
 they approached me carefully , warily . 
 none in the hall spoke against the king 's decision . 
 none spoke against the malignant vote . 
 defeat punched through me , but i would not let myself be dragged away . 
 head held high , i walked past the guards and down toward the two rulers . 
 they were conversing in low tones once more , my father 's forehead was wrinkled while the voice looked amused . 
 i stepped onto the platform , `` father , this will not end here . 
 i will invoke aldyor 's decision in the temple . '' 
 both looked at me critically , and now both seemed equally annoyed at my interruption . 
 it seemed unlikely that the voice would continue singing my praises . 
 the king growled at me , `` since when have you been strong with belief ? 
 cease your attempts of distraction . 
 leave us , you have already been dismissed . '' 
 i glared , turning away and walking for the double-doors . 
 the guardsmen trailed behind , unneeded escorts . 
 i wanted nothing more to do with that room , it was full of bad air and weak wills . 
 chapter nine i woke in the night with a scream in my throat . 
 a cloth gag bit into my mouth . 
 blankets held me down as someone 's knees pinned them to my sides . 
 someone that was in my room . 
 someone that was attacking me . 
 tears of panic pooled in my eyes . 
 i struggled , pushing and twisting to no avail . 
 my assailant tightened the gag and it bit into my skin , pulling painfully at my cheeks . 
 i felt a knot tied at the side of my head , an awkward uncomfortable lump that tugged strands of hair to the point of tearing them out . 
 another strip of cloth was wound around my mouth that covered my nose and chin , thick material that muffled sound and made it hard to breathe . 
 again i tried to scream , tried to buck the weight away . 
 it did n't work , i could n't escape . 
 my breathing quickened and the entirety of my body burned with dread and terror . 
 a rough-hewn sack was pulled over my head . 
 i felt its hem dig into my throat as its ties were tightened and fastened around my neck . 
 the attacker 's weight shifted and i tried to roll away . 
 the hands grabbed at my shoulders and i felt a quick kick batter my hip in the process of sweeping back the covers . 
 i was spun around onto my belly and my arms were jerked back behind me . 
 rope burned against my wrists as the assailant bound my hands , quelling attempts to pull them away with a painful tug upward that nearly wrenched a shoulder . 
 more rope wound around my ankles and i managed a heavy kick to the attacker 's side that made them stumble backward in a soundless rush of breath . 
 i rolled away and crashed off of the bed , scrunched up onto my knees , then stood carefully amidst a wave of nausea . 
 blind and confused , i took an uncertain step forward . 
 then i was tackled facedown to the floor of my room , breath and senses equally obliterated . 
 my face was pressed hard into the carpet as the aggressor sat on my shoulders and pulled my ankles to a muscular chest . 
 the painful contortion was made worse as the man clenched his knees around my legs to keep me still . 
 binding my ankles , the pressure let up as he stood and moved away . 
 soft footsteps brushed against the carpets . 
 a sharp click came from an unknown direction . 
 i pushed and twisted against my bonds , heard my muffled voice struggling against the gag . 
 the man lifted me with a voiceless grunt , practically tossing me onto his shoulder . 
 a thick arm wrapped around my waist and pinned me in place . 
 he walked , paused , and we were suddenly in a cooler area that smelled of must and mildew . 
 the man twisted and the same sharp click sounded , closer and more immediate . 
 a door closed with a soft scrape . 
 we descended a spiral staircase , all the while my mind filling with panic and shock and worry . 
 i did n't know what to do so i kept struggling , kept wriggling against the press of rope and fear . 
 it could 've been a thousand steps . 
 it could 've been forty . 
 i found myself unable to concentrate and began focusing on my breathing . 
 calm , i sought calm . 
 any notion of control fled me as i was dropped cruelly onto a stone floor . 
 pain rocked through me as gravel and bits of rock tore into my skin . 
 warm blood trickled through my hair and bright lights shot through my mind 's eye . 
 the ground was freezing and damp , the air cold and earthy . 
 footsteps began to recede from my place on the floor . 
 then they shuffled to a stop . 
 `` i suppose i should say goodbye . '' 
 father 's voice . 
 `` this really is a waste , but you have proven you can not be used except as pawn to my enemies . 
 you have no idea what you set off with that insolent counter-vote . 
 they would have you rally a coup against me , mob of ignorance with you at the center . '' 
 a long exhalation of breath , `` exile will not work either , not with the tension from the west . 
 they would drag you , willing or not , back against me . 
 you pose a greater risk alive than i had thought , and too much rides on the coming weeks . '' 
 silence . 
 a single footstep . 
 a hesitant voice , `` what a cruel joke that my daughter would be so capable . 
 it will matter little to you , but this is for the good of galania . 
 i swear it . 
 you know nothing of contracts far more ancient than any treaty . '' 
 i screamed , shouted , and filled my lungs with all the strength and fury i could muster . 
 all that came out was a muffled moan and i felt pitiful and powerless . 
 in my mind there was a sonorous howl . 
 family was suddenly an empty word . 
 a sigh . 
 noise of his steps faded away as i lay there in the darkness . 
 aches and pains and anger filled me . 
 i felt lost in a timeless nothingness , darkness and betrayal and fresh wounds my only companions . 
 scrapes and bruises covered me as i attempted to move and escape . 
 the roped felt as if it tightened with each shift of motion yet still i rolled and shook . 
 consciousness escaped me on several occasions though i burned with thought and emotion . 
 then sleep came as well , a fitful dreamless restless period without knowing . 
 all the versions of darkness blended into one another . 
 i felt weak . 
 my muscles were bunched up in knots and cramps . 
 voices . 
 eventually , voices . 
 three men . 
 the first , `` they said it 'd be this way , yeah . 
 just down the tunnel till the fork , then keep right through the rest . '' 
 i tried to shout , to make any sound . 
 my throat was dry and raw . 
 `` oh hey , '' came a second , `` there it is , i think . '' 
 `` ah raise that lantern now , let 's have a see , '' said a third , `` could be an old beggar died down taking a crap . '' 
 feebly i twisted , rolled halfway over but could n't manage a full turn . 
 everything felt so difficult . 
 `` ald 's balls , jekkin ' thing is alive . '' 
 the initial voice sounded like he 'd been scalded , `` i hate when they 're alive . '' 
 `` no worries , '' said the third , `` dispose means dispose . 
 just another step . '' 
 `` aw jekk , and it 's a girl ! '' 
 second whined , `` do n't need nothing like that tempting me . '' 
 `` haw , '' joked the first , `` you know the gods do n't like none of that . 
 you keep your bits away from hers , or i hear you get struck down on the spot . '' 
 four hands picked me up , rough and uncaring , resting me on their shoulders like carrying a log . 
 they smelled of urine and sweat and rotsmoke . 
 an attempt to twist away caused them to clench steely fingers . 
 the second voice spoke as they walked down a cold and echoing chamber , `` it 's no joke , had a pal that tried a go with a woman without her wanting any . 
 he died as i watched . 
 was lookout , but ca n't no lookout protect against a curse of the higher powers . '' 
 the third made a snort , `` jekking bastards , all sorts of power and they use it to stop a bit of fun . 
 still , if you found the right lady , could be worth dying for a good go . '' 
 `` quiet now , '' whispered the first , `` tunnel veers off to some of the temple 's catacombs here . 
 priests is down there at times . '' 
 the men went quiet and continued their journey . 
 a dim idea of struggle slipped through my mind , but my body hardly seemed to obey . 
 the darkness felt quiet and safe , fighting a concept of danger and difficulty . 
 eventually edges of light glimmered through patches of the loosely woven sack . 
 i breathed in a sudden wheeze of elation . 
 i could still see . 
 my body hit a wooden platform as i was tossed from the shoulders in a heave . 
 i felt walls at my feet and near my head . 
 a wagon . 
 then a weight piled over me . 
 sacks , canvas bags full of beans of some kind . 
 they smothered me and hid even the glimmer of light . 
 we rode and i heard sounds of the city . 
 i forced air from between my lips but there was no noise . 
 all of me felt numb . 
 the darkness and the weight of the beans led me to periods of unconsciousness . 
 only the jostling motion of the wagon let me know when i was asleep versus awake . 
 the darkness did not change . 
 my dreams were of imprisonment in more inky blackness . 
 noises of the city were gone after a time . 
 the wagon was still moving and i could hear the men talking once more . 
 `` all i 'm saying , '' said the first , `` is that we should at least get a good look . 
 she 's in nothing but a nightgown . 
 the thought burns me something fierce . '' 
 the second sounded adamant , `` and risk something falling off or being broken ? 
 not worth it . 
 gods is a weird lot ! 
 taking pleasure of any kind makes them mighty angry . 
 my friend danil attacked a girl in the alleys once and his knob fell right off ! 
 i swear it ! '' 
 `` aw shut up , '' broke in the third , `` let 's just get this done , i 'm sick of hearing you bickering ninnies . '' 
 lurching to a stop , the wagon 's load shifted . 
 the beans pressed into me , suffocating . 
 gradually they lightened . 
 flickers of light filtered through the bag . 
 one of the men grabbed my ankle , tugged on it without thought . 
 i felt my joints and tendons stretch painfully , felt the muscle burn at the sudden tension . 
 i fell from the back of the wagon onto dirt and rock . 
 the impact made me cough into my gag , made me twist into myself and nearly black out yet again . 
 a deep pain pulsed from my elbow and it felt wrong , disconnected and loose . 
 `` into the field . 
 you can start digging a hole . '' 
 the first one gave the direction , seemed to be in charge . 
 one of them pulled , grabbing at the rope around my wrists and dragging me . 
 rock and twigs and dirt scraped along my underside . 
 the sound of a shovel hitting dirt filled me with an understanding i had n't accepted . 
 my body burned with pain and tight muscles but i tried to curl up , tried to squirm away . 
 a rough hand slid alongside the back of my neck , gritty and covered in scrapes . 
 the man grabbed my hair , yanked it tight with a fist . 
 my scalp was on fire . 
 the sound of a blade sawing through the taut strands accompanied pinpricks of pain as other hairs were yanked away . 
 `` whelp , '' said the second , `` gave her a nice cut , look how long that is ! 
 should ' a been a barber . 
 what else did they want ? '' 
 first man sounded unsure , `` the left pinky ? '' 
 the knife pressed to my throat , just under the edge of the sack . 
 its metal was cold and it scraped skin rubbed raw by the burlap . 
 `` i thought it was the right pinky , '' said the third voice , `` do you think they 'd be able to tell ? '' 
 `` pah , '' said second , `` like it matters . 
 take both ! 
 she 'll not need them and they ai n't gon na come looking for the body . '' 
 `` hold her down so she do n't wiggle about , '' said the first , `` that makes it so difficult . 
 i 'll do her in to keep this simple ; not gon na risk untying them hands . '' 
 hands clenched around my ankles , the third whining , `` i swear it was the right . '' 
 panic coursed through me . 
 i was shaking , straining to do anything . 
 i had to . 
 metal sliced into my skin . 
 it bit through my windpipe , through my muscle , incredibly sharp . 
 searing agony was all that was and all that would ever be . 
 the heat of blood poured down the front of my body . 
 i felt myself convulsing . 
 consciousness slipped away . 
 warmth slipped away . 
 light . 
 memory . 
 pain . 
 darkness . 
 chapter ten darkness . 
 the void was nothing and everything . 
 pain . 
 tangled bands of distress wound through the void . 
 sharp lattices of icy touch tore through nothingness and pulled . 
 memory . 
 bursts of what had been were heavy blows of energy that careened wildly . 
 warped space bent the nothing into touches of the past . 
 i rubbed at my eyes with the back of my hand , making the irritation worse . 
 tarnus wore a dark leather scabbard at his hip , the accompanying sword in his hands . 
 it was his gift though the day celebrated my eighth year , though he would n't turn six for several months . 
 the welt on my leg was getting darker . 
 it would bruise . 
 brother bore a pleased smirk , `` take me to the towers ! '' 
 i shook my head , staying seated on the ground , `` we are not allowed up there . 
 you know that ! '' 
 `` you 've been ! 
 i saw you go ! '' 
 his petulance grated , `` take me ! '' 
 the little scrunched up face of attempted anger should 've looked ridiculous . 
 instead it was terrifying . 
 he waggled the miniature blade , clueless on its use . 
 `` you have a mean heart , '' i spat , wanting to be wicked , too young to know how , `` you are just like father . '' 
 he beamed , `` good ! 
 papa 's bold and strong ! '' 
 at last he sheathed his little toy sword , bored that i was n't getting up . 
 tarnus plodded forward , a graceless child , `` take me ! '' 
 mother swept into the room , picked me up , kissed my damp cheeks , `` shh , shh . 
 lyncia . '' 
 the nursemaid followed close behind , grabbed up my brother and hugged him carefully . 
 the embrace kept him from going into one of his wild outbursts of swinging fists . 
 recollection broke apart , then hammered the murk into something new . 
 i skipped into the royal bedchambers , heart happy and light . 
 aylee had sent me with the promise of a gift . 
 her voice had sounded cautious . 
 `` lyncia , '' said mother , body relaxed on her chaise longue , `` come here , daughter . '' 
 she was covered with a blanket though the weather seemed far too warm . 
 a thin scrape ran along her cheek . 
 her makeup was exceptionally thick and almost covered up the scratch . 
 `` are you okay , mother ? '' 
 her shoulders were hunched up and head low . 
 she made a faint smile , `` i am fine . 
 i have a present for you . '' 
 a nod directed me to look to the room 's table . 
 on the tabletop was a small blade in a white leather scabbard . 
 my eyes were shining , `` for me !? '' 
 i rushed over and picked it up , `` it is so small ! '' 
 mother 's smile touched her eyes , `` we can ensure a larger one is crafted as you grow . 
 you have been so adamant to learn . 
 tarnus has not been attending his lessons , so why let them go to waste ? '' 
 i blushed a little thinking of my insistence . 
 the sword felt heavy and confusion made me balk , `` thank you ... but i wo n't be nine for weeks . '' 
 `` worry not , my sweet , '' her voice soft and distant , `` think of it as a bargain to beckon your cooperation . 
 it was your father 's idea . '' 
 the insight almost made me put the blade back . 
 father never gave anything freely . 
 he had been standing in the depths of the room , leaning against a bedpost . 
 he watched me hang the scabbard at my waist with a glower , `` there is one condition . 
 there will be no more of your tempestuous attacks on the court 's guests . '' 
 i crossed my arms , chewing on my tongue , `` they had sticks too . 
 we were just playing swords . '' 
 his voice shoved a blade in the argument 's heart , `` no more . 
 you will only practice with the trainer or i shall lock you up to prevent your disruptions . '' 
 creeping vines of space split the view . 
 all began to crumble like a toppling wall of brick . 
 another moment swirled forth . 
 `` mother , what happened ? '' 
 she looked up with eyes ringed in weariness . 
 stark shadows from the room 's fire filled her eyes with darkness . 
 for the first time i thought of her as old . 
 `` daesa got too close to the stairs . 
 these things happen , '' she murmured , `` your little sister rests with the elders now . 
 it is a lovely place of cool summers and rolling hills . '' 
 father placed a calming hand on her shoulder and she nuzzled into his forearm . 
 his voice was a breathy sigh , `` poor girl , she ran before learning to walk . '' 
 tarnus sat in the corner of the room , facing the window and staring out into the night , `` i never want to die . 
 it is so bleak . 
 she was only three . '' 
 shreds of the memory fell away , piece by piece . 
 slowly , a glowing hollow in space filled with new color , a rainy day . 
 tarnus grinned at the cloudy sky , `` good , that should keep the grime . 
 i was beginning to think our summers would be nothing but dust storms . 
 the winds kept so dry i thought it would never rain . '' 
 `` you head off for the coast , for a new adventure , and here you are talking about the weather ? 
 ald , but you are boring . '' 
 my comment did nothing to diminish his smile , `` you think everything is boring . 
 i just agreed to go because maybe then i will be more interesting to you . '' 
 we shared a roll of our eyes , `` that might just work ... oh tarnie . '' 
 i wrapped my arms around brother , hugging him tight , `` i will miss you . '' 
 he let out a wheezing laugh , `` lyncia , you are crushing me . 
 when did you become so strong ? '' 
 tarnus wriggled away from the embrace , a thin boy of twelve without any hints of manhood . 
 he brushed wrinkles and dampness from his rich golden cloak . 
 the sky paid no heed to his attempts to stay dry . 
 `` you would be even stronger if you did not spend all your days stuck in books . '' 
 i managed a melancholy smile , `` at least now you will surely grow tall and strapping . 
 the waters of wings are a dangerous schoolroom , but the teachers will ensure you succeed . '' 
 `` oh ? '' 
 he scratched the side of his nose , `` because i am the prince ? '' 
 `` yes , and they would never upset father . '' 
 we walked toward his carriage , `` you will come back with their medals on your chest . '' 
 `` that , '' said tarnus , `` is why people think you are callous . '' 
 i raised my brows , `` is it callous to be truthful ? '' 
 he smirked , `` no , but you are a duplicate of the king . 
 you know exactly what to say that might dissolve any sense of self-worth in a person . '' 
 obliteration . 
 everything decayed in a bloom of mold and rot . 
 edges of the vision turned to crisp as if burned away . 
 slow ignitions of flame solidified into new images , new shapes . 
 father burst through the door of my room , `` that was inexcusable ! 
 do you think yourself amusing ? 
 are you to be the new court mummer !? '' 
 my face contorted with my shout , `` i left the hall to escape your bleating antagonism ! 
 you have made a mockery of my efforts ! '' 
 he rumbled like the sands when they rose up and made the sky red . 
 his words stung like the blasts of grit , `` you are a mockery ! 
 you think to address the council at the table , throwing aside ritual and tradition ? 
 you subvert my advisors against me ? '' 
 `` you will not let me have any other way ! '' 
 i gritted my teeth , sucked in a breath through the clenched jaw , `` i see things that must be done and yet you give me no voice ! '' 
 father rubbed his temples , turning away with a long sigh . 
 the room was quiet . 
 we both stood as if rigid puppets . 
 i stared at his back , boring a hole into his spine . 
 as he turned his features were more relaxed , his hands clasped at his waist , `` join me in the council hall . 
 from now on . '' 
 confusion made me balk . 
 hesitantly , i queried , `` really ? 
 i can attend the meetings ? '' 
 he tilted his head to one side , `` yes , but there are conditions . '' 
 i fought from rolling my eyes , `` of course . '' 
 `` you will not speak unless spoken to , and any of your ideas must be heard as mine . 
 you are to be the voice to support the right policies and soothe arguments . '' 
 `` but , '' i started , feeling the anger reignite . 
 `` this is not a bargaining session . 
 this is the way forward . '' 
 edges of black crept in at the corners of the world . 
 then the visions of past moments receded completely into the sterile nothing . 
 light . 
 red glimmering leaves filled my vision . 
 hints and peeks of a world beyond were showing through gaps in the foliage . 
 above . 
 clouds and a deep blue sky . 
 the great figure of a song swan winged its way higher . 
 higher . 
 below . 
 a field of tall rahn stalks grew for nourishment of nalan 's people , green tendrils unrolled and reaching to enjoy the sun . 
 my vantage point swarmed forward . 
 less of the leaves blocked my view . 
 small figures rushed toward a road . 
 a shovel lay discarded next to a shallow hole hastily filled . 
 armored men rode down a wide strip of crushed rock the dansali called trade 's road . 
 that was the main route merchants used , quick-tempered people with large caravans of goods . 
 a small wagon sat beside the road with a load of burlap bags . 
 beans . 
 somehow i knew there were beans in those bags . 
 the patrol neared the wagon just as three men reached its side . 
 the patrolmen peered down from their mounts , laikars , scaly creatures faster than a horse with six legs . 
 one of ki-kah-lah 's creations in its image . 
 the dansali arms-men questioned the other three at the side of the road . 
 my vision shifted and all i could see was the field . 
 the shovel . 
 the pitiful little hole was somehow incredibly sad . 
 why was a hole in the ground sad ? 
 i felt no connection to that place , to that time . 
 yet , something drew me back to one point rather than the many . 
 and then time stretched . 
 pain lanced through my soul . 
 it was n't physical , somehow greater and worse and yet completely nonexistent . 
 i lost focus . 
 the world blurred . 
 three figures stepped out into creation . 
 one of red skin , one of green skin , and one of purple kneeled before me , `` creators . '' 
 mountains rose up around the three and the new beings divided and multiplied . 
 the red people burrowed into the earth . 
 the greens dove into the oceans . 
 the purple were consumed by fire . 
 eight unearthly figures watched from afar , standing in a semicircle and pressing their hands to the chest of a ninth that existed but had no physical presence . 
 skies flashed with lightning and clouds streamed by . 
 nalan formed into something grand and wonderful . 
 two moons crawled across the stars , and then one disappeared as the planet shook with violence and fury . 
 light broke into a shattered web of rainbow and then darkness filled all . 
 the pain returned . 
 the darkness cracked . 
 still i felt searing agony . 
 my feet twitched , toes curling . 
 suddenly the injury was in my body . 
 i had a body ? 
 i had a body . 
 dim , blurry vision showed me a thick weave of roots . 
 some were as thick as my arm , some thicker still . 
 they were wrapped about my body too tight for me to breathe , yet i had no breath for there to be worry . 
 leaves rustled in the breeze . 
 they whispered above where the canopy of a great tree filled half the sky . 
 stars and a single moon pierced the purple canvas with their light . 
 `` second moon millennia apart . 
 sometime . '' 
 who ? 
 a figure sat on more roots . 
 it was made of roots , had arms and legs , but was a tree . 
 no , it was a man . 
 no , it was nothing : a creature of two arms and two legs and no head . 
 it sat with one foot hooked atop the knee of the other . 
 somehow it looked curious . 
 it grew itself closer , staring without eyes . 
 pain . 
 lancing fires burned through my limbs . 
 darkness , but awareness . 
 i began to breathe . 
 the figure was closer now , leaning forward with hands resting on its knees . 
 the hands seemed to be growing into the legs . 
 it was n't bark , but it was n't skin . 
 it was a rough textured material of whitish-pink and slashes of red . 
 the form breathed and swelled from moment to moment . 
 hints of multicolored light pulsed beneath breaks in the exterior . 
 i opened my mouth , heard a hiss of breath . 
 the being reached out , its hand detached from where it had rested in a snap like crackling twigs . 
 fingertips were left on the knee while new digits shaped themselves from the torn stump . 
 its new `` hand '' brushed against my lips . 
 voice returned to me . 
 sound wailed out of my body . 
 a scream . 
 i was screaming . 
 i cried out a piercing howl . 
 i did n't know why , did n't know what i lamented . 
 `` broken ? 
 not fix ? 
 i return makes all dansalian whole ? '' 
 its voice was not of the air , but of the earth . 
 i felt the voice vibrating through me . 
 recognized it . 
 memory did n't obey , not at first . 
 it reached out and torment grabbed me . 
 my body convulsed . 
 my vision went dark , then green , to colors unknown , and then white nothingness . 
 everything returned in a rush and i glanced around with a wince . 
 daylight filtered into the earthen surroundings . 
 the roots were no longer tightened around my body . 
 slowly , carefully , i pulled myself out from their twisted form . 
 moving at all left me weary and dizzy . 
 glancing down , my nightdress was torn and dirty , mere rags that did little to aid in decency . 
 the being watched me , `` now together ? 
 go and leave ? '' 
 the voice touched a memory from my last visit to the temple . 
 my words cracked , `` you ... ald ? '' 
 its shoulders twisted , hands clapping together and fusing , then breaking apart in a shower of splinters , `` ald ? '' 
 `` are you aldyor ? '' 
 i asked , confused and having trouble focusing on any one thought . 
 the sense of no surrounded the creature . 
 its shoulders shook as if in laughter , `` gri-yan-thea , i. '' a sudden explosion of green covered its body with a thousand leaves and petals and growing things . 
 `` i have not heard ... of you . '' 
 every breath took recovery , `` old god ? '' 
 `` god ? 
 god ? '' 
 it sounded confused . 
 the green growth faded . 
 it cupped its hands together , then spread them apart to reveal a small flower with petals shaped like my face . 
 they were even the same color , light-red like pale bricks . 
 the little thing sprouted a pair of vines and hopped down to the earth . 
 i watched as it sprinted up the nearly vertical wall of the pit and i suddenly knew where i was . 
 my voice was soft and reverent , `` the elder tree ... '' the being , gri-yan-thea , poked a thumb to its chest , `` eyes . '' 
 it spread its hands to the sky . 
 looking up , my mind whirled , `` they tried to kill me . '' 
 `` death did belong . 
 happened . 
 lost , now ... not . '' 
 dust motes gathered with a sudden flare of light . 
 a second shape coalesced from the air . 
 the being that stood next to the other was almost human , shaped the same but smooth and featureless and gray like slate . 
 it gave the impression of laughing , `` died , died , died . 
 you had a horrible death , yes yes . 
 cut your throat and ran away . 
 left to feed the plants . '' 
 the thing had a voice like crackling branches in a furious fire . 
 gri-yan-thea shooed the figure away like one would a fly . 
 the other creature exploded into a swarm of dust , shifted , reformed . 
 it retook its shape with new color , blue , `` jekking , jekking , jekking ! 
 disrespect the gift we get ? 
 misinterpret my alliance ? 
 she is mine ! '' 
 the two beings stared at each other and the ground beneath us rumbled . 
 then the tree-like beast let out a noise that matched the quaking ground , `` fine . 
 i leave . 
 koyn-eer-eah nyerk ! '' 
 confusion . 
 everything was bewildering . 
 my mind had trouble doing more than replaying my last moments before ... before whatever it was that had happened . 
 `` i need to get back to the castle , '' i whispered . 
 i felt fear clutch at my heart , `` father ... '' boredom and disgust oozed from the blue creature , the god , the whatever , `` simple , simple , simpleton ! 
 so eager to return ? 
 so eager to forget your debt ? 
 interesting enough in the temple , silly temple . 
 silly people forgetful people . 
 you had a shadow of memory . 
 curious curious . '' 
 i looked to the being but could not understand , could not herd my thoughts , `` i do not know what you mean ! 
 if you have helped me ... thank you ! 
 but ... i am lost . '' 
 it began melting apart , breaking into the motes of light and nothing , `` me , me , me ! 
 i will be your finder . '' 
 the swarm surged forward , surrounded me . 
 then it flooded into my nostrils and ears , into my eyes , under my skin . 
 every ounce of me felt as if a thousand ants marched through my veins . 
 all went still . 
 tears slipped down my cheeks and i rubbed them away . 
 the dim floor of the pit was empty and silent . 
 grime covered my arms . 
 dirt was caked onto my skin in a thousand places . 
 above me , the elder tree floated and the day was quiet . 
 i could hear nothing but the faint creak of roots being pulled by the wind . 
 the creatures already seemed imagined , as if distant memories that were blurred and futzed . 
 something about the memory was unpleasant . 
 i fervently felt a need to get far away . 
 i walked unsteadily to the wall of the pit , circled around the twisting roots at its center . 
 finally i found one part of the hole that seemed an easier climb . 
 fingers clawing at the dirt , i began slow progress upward to the edge . 
 progress felt impossible . 
 i had to huddle in recessions in the dirt or dig my way inward for rest . 
 my fingernails became torn and bloodied . 
 my mind slipped away while clinging to the wall and trembling . 
 sleep found me , and miraculously i did not fall . 
 carefully , wearily , i eventually crawled out onto the hilltop . 
 i could see the fields around me , florinth , and the city of eyreso in the distance . 
 my mind reeled . 
 what had happened ? 
