 chained by l.a.griffiths chapter one pete arrived at the laveau house , ready to see his daughter again after sorting out the morbid details for his sister 's funeral . 
 he had decided that he would only have a few attendees since there was no family from his side and they did n't have many friends . 
 this is why he did n't want ellie to be with him . 
 he did n't want her to worry like she did last time . 
 he had tried to protect her in any way he could , but this was something he could not shield her from . 
 pete pulled up in the driveway and powered down the engine . 
 he paused at the wheel , willing himself to move from the seat but he just sat there and deeply sighed . 
 `` come on , pete . 
 you need to do this . '' 
 he said to himself . 
 pete pushed open the door and locked the car with one press of his keys . 
 he stood outside looking up at his home , wishing for everything to go back to how it was . 
 his hand trembled on the door handle . 
 pete clenched his fist to try and get rid of the nerves . 
 he tried again . 
 he had to be strong for ellie and show that he could bear the weight of it all , to show her that there was nothing to worry about . 
 he had n't been sleeping well at night and it showed on his face . 
 he was ready to paint the fake smile on again . 
 he opened the front door to expect ellie to run up to him and hug him tightly as she used to do , but as the door slammed shut there was nothing . 
 `` ellie , i 'm home ! '' 
 pete called out . 
 he waited in the hall for an answer . 
 `` ellie ? '' 
 he called out again . 
 something was n't right . 
 pete walked into the living room to see that the tv was still on . 
 the television played an afternoon talk show that he had no interest in . 
 he walked through the living room and into the kitchen . 
 all was left was an empty plate sitting in the sink . 
 `` ellie , ellie ? '' 
 his voice started to creep with panic . 
 he picked up his pace and headed up the stairs and into ellie 's bedroom . 
 pete held onto the door handle as he felt his heart drop . 
 some of ellie 's draws had been opened . 
 there were clothes scattered on the floor and a few missing items from their rightful places . 
 `` ellie !? '' 
 fear had gripped him and it was n't letting go . 
 pete quickly ran down the stairs . 
 his mind raced with horrible thoughts that he did n't want to entertain . 
 there , sitting on the sofa was ellie 's phone . 
 he snatched at it and searched through , thinking it could answer all of his questions . 
 there were old text messages wishing ellie to get better and a few asking what were her plans . 
 then the voice of reason appeared to give pete some comfort . 
 `` god i hope she 's in school . '' 
 he prayed . 
 `` but why take her clothes ? '' 
 another voice popped into his head making him feel worse . 
 pete picked one of the girls number from the phone and decided to ring it . 
 he picked lilly 's and the phone started to ring . 
 after four rings a whisper answered the phone . 
 `` ellie ? 
 is everything ok ? '' 
 lilly whispered on the phone . 
 just hearing lilly thinking it was ellie filled him with dread . 
 `` uh , no it 's her dad . '' 
 pete had to resist the urge to start panicking . 
 `` lilly , is ellie there at school with you ? '' 
 he held his breath . 
 there was silence on the other end . 
 `` no , she 's not . '' 
 his world collapsed . 
 he ended the call without saying his goodbyes , and the phone fell from of his grief stricken hands . 
 chapter two voices filled my ears . 
 someone was talking over me . 
 their stale breath filtered into my nose . 
 there was more than one person , and they were all talking at once , but i could n't make out what they were saying . 
 i think they were arguing amongst themselves . 
 i could n't move . 
 my limbs were lifeless , and i was at their mercy . 
 i wanted to get up , to run away , but my body felt heavy and light at the same time . 
 my head pounded in sync with my own heat-beat and i felt like at any minute , i would float away and be rid of all this . 
 away from whatever had me in its grasp . 
 `` stick her downstairs , and keep an eye on her ! '' 
 one of the voices shouted . 
 where ? 
 where am i going ? 
 panic flooded in and i tried to keep calm . 
 i was picked up and man-handled as they dragged me away . 
 then the smell hit me like ton of bricks . 
 i was reminded of the deepest horrors i would rather try and keep locked away . 
 the leaches dragged me away while their talon nails dug into my arms . 
 i wanted to scream , flail my arms around , but my entire body was paralyzed , i was useless . 
 my poor vision failed e as i tried to make out my surroundings . 
 dark bloodied stone pass me by , as i was carried down to whatever hell they had in store for me . 
 a creaking noise echoed throughout and i was thrown up against something solid and pain spiked up and down my back . 
 i screamed out in joy , i could still feel pain . 
 that was a good thing ; i was n't dead , not yet . 
 something cold made its way around my weak wrists and again i heard the creaking noise . 
 then there was silence , no voices , nothing . 
 i tried to get to my feet but something pulled me back , slamming my body back into the wall . 
 i then realized that i was chained up like a filthy animal . 
 i try to scream , but every time i did my throat would seize up . 
 again i try to struggle against the clanging metal , but the chains that bind me were strong . 
 finally my eyes adjust to the darkness and they revealed a small dark cell without any windows . 
 the walls were gripped with mould and dirt . 
 it traveled along the dark stone and up to the ceiling . 
 it was disgusting , and i was living in it . 
 at the front of the cell stood a large rusted metal door with a tiny spy hatch attached . 
 they just want to see me suffer . 
 i slump to the floor in defeat . 
 i wish rhea was here . 
 then my mind exploded with memories , it all came flooding back to me . 
 the house , the monsters , and what had happened to rhea and sophia . 
 i hope they made it out ok . 
 it was my entire fault , i wish i never had these stupid powers , and then everything would be ok . 
 i would n't be chased by monsters and turning people into crazed animals . 
 i was a danger to myself and others around me . 
 remembering what happened also brought back the pain . 
 my body burned with the bite marks that the leaches left . 
 i tried to ignore the pain as best as i could but tears trickled down my cheeks and fell onto the black stone floor . 
 without thinking i tried to wipe them away but the chain would clang and the cold metal bit into my wrist . 
 more tears fell down my face . 
 i wanted to be strong ; i did n't want to give them the satisfaction of seeing me crying on the floor . 
 then my heart started to pound inside my chest . 
 outside my cell there were muffled footsteps . 
 with each step they became louder and clearer . 
 then there was silence . 
 i held my breath as i could hear the bolts of the old door move into place . 
 my heart thumped rapidly inside my chest as the rusted door opened , filling the room with a familiar stench . 
 i gagged on the powerful aroma as the creature stalked into my small cell . 
 seeing the leach again was still frightening as it was the first time . 
 he sniffed the air around him and his inhuman face landed in my direction and smiled a sharp grin . 
 it slowly slunk towards me with it sick twisted smile on its filthy scabby black lips . 
 i tried not to scream as the disgusting monster was just inches away from my face . 
 then a thought came , it was a stupid one but i had to try . 
 i quickly got up on my feet and brought out my leg and tried to kick at the monster . 
 the leach quickly caught my leg and dug its nails deep into my calf . 
 my leg stung with pain as i tried to wrestle it out of its filthy grip . 
 finally he released , and i fell to the floor trying to clutch at my wounded leg . 
 the hideous monster just stared down at me licking its lips . 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 i tried to ask it did n't answer , i do n't even know if they could talk . 
 then while i felt sorry for myself he pulled out a syringe filled with the same black substance i remembered at the manor . 
 my eyes shot open as he started to play around with it between his claws . 
 i backed up from him but it was no use . 
 he came closer to me and i tried to scream . 
 he stuck the syringe into my neck and the room began to spin and sway . 
 that same feeling of weightlessness washed over me . 
 i tried to fight against the sedative but it was no use , i was losing the battle . 
 i sat there , slumped on the floor as i watched the leach walk away . 
 while i was in and out of consciousness , moaning groans and terrifying screams pierced my ears . 
 more shrill screams carried throughout the cells , and i just wanted to curl up in a corner and close my eyes tight . 
 i just wanted to shut it all out for good . 
 i woke up with my face on the floor . 
 my entire body felt weak and there was a tingling sensation running through my battered body . 
 i tried to lift my head up but i felt like it was filled with bricks . 
 i just laid on the floor , staring at the door hoping for it all to stop , hoping for it all to end . 
 hours or even days passed without anyone disturbing my numb sleep . 
 i could still feel the black fluid flowing throughout my body . 
 it made every nerve inside feel fluffy and numb at the same time . 
 deep down i never wanted the feeling to stop and that scared me more than anything . 
 it prevented me from thinking straight and that 's what they wanted from me , numb and lifeless . 
 then i was awoken from my sleep by more footsteps on the cold ground . 
 the chains rattled as i tried to stand but my balance failed me and i fell back down onto my knees . 
 the affects of the drug were still in my system . 
 the door was pulled open and stale air filled up my still breathing lungs . 
 `` please , no more injections . '' 
 my weak mind thought . 
 in walked a human man who looked oddly familiar . 
 he came closer to my face and he smelled fresh , something i had n't smelt in a while . 
 this was no leach . 
 the mysterious stranger came closer into my cell carrying something with both hands . 
 `` you hungry ? '' 
 the voice asked . 
 the oddly familiar man carried a metal tray , with what looked like sludge along with a half a cup of water . 
 his voice , i 've heard it before . 
 i could n't be sure since my mind was in fragments , but inside my mind i knew that voice . 
 then he came closer and i saw his deep blue sea eyes penetrating through the darkness . 
 i stared into them and i could feel myself being drawn in . 
 i pulled away as everything came into place . 
 i tried to speak but my throat was too dry . 
 my mind burst with questions and i needed answers , but as soon as i could form a sentence inside my mind it would float away from my grasp . 
 dr. moss placed the plastic cup to my lips and i eagerly drank from it . 
 the water was a bit warm and stale but i welcomed anything at that moment . 
 then he quickly snatched it away before i could quench my thirst . 
 `` no all at once . '' 
 he said . 
 `` are you going to free me ? '' 
 my throat burned while i tried to talk . 
 dr. moss did n't answer . 
 `` please . '' 
 i begged . 
 `` ellie , i 'm not here to help you . '' 
 he placed the cup back into my mouth . 
 `` i 'm with them now . '' 
 as he spoke the words my heart dropped . 
 there was no rescue for me . 
 i finished what was inside the cup while staring into those deep eyes of his . 
 `` why ! '' 
 i wanted it to come out as a scream but a mere whisper escaped . 
 `` it 's complicated . 
 i do n't want to be here . '' 
 he said `` but i can not free you , i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` my neck . '' 
 i turned my heavy head and showed him the many track marks from the needle . 
 he looked disgusted by it but did not offer any words . 
 `` what do they want from me ? '' 
 i asked . 
 dr moss did n't answer he just placed down the metal tray covered with slop . 
 i looked down at the unappealing so-called food and kicked the tray away , splattering it up against the wall . 
 `` you will need you strength for what is to come and maybe the next person who comes in wo n't be so sympathetic . '' 
 he left the tray and exited the cell leaving me in darkness again . 
 i wanted to scream till my lungs burst , but my throat brought me nothing but pain . 
 i wanted to scream at dr. moss for letting them do this to me . 
 how could he just sit back and let them drug me , and he was so nice at the hospital . 
 lies , it was all just lies . 
 something nagged at me about what he said . 
 i would need all my strength ? 
 i will never help them in any way ; i 'd rather stay here and starve . 
 just thinking about food made me hungry , but there 's no way i 'm eating that slop . 
 the food that spilt onto the walls had already started to form a hard crust around it . 
 finally admitting defeat for now , i tried to find a comfortable position . 
 i then waited . 
 more screams and curdle cry 's of pain filled my ears . 
 were they torturing people down here ? 
 i hope i 'm not next on their list , i had no information to give them . 
 the screams got louder and more terrifying , i just wanted them to stop . 
 as i tried to think clearly , my thoughts would disappear from my grasp or i would forget simple words to hold a sentence together . 
 soon the numb wave was back and i could feel myself slipping away back into the darkness where it scared me the most . 
 pain dragged me back into the harsh reality . 
 my wrists were now covered in specks of dried blood . 
 the metal shackles were cutting into my flesh . 
 i looked carefully at the cuffs around my wrists , the pain was growing and i needed to get them off . 
 i looked them over but there was no key hole or a way to undo them . 
 i tried to pull them off or to loosen , but they brought me more pain . 
 i wanted to scream with frustration , but i could n't . 
 i needed to get out of this place before i go mad . 
 i was so busy with my wrists that i did n't notice that there was someone looking down at me . 
 i peered up and two leaches stood over me with their sick twisted smile . 
 i tried to back away from them but there was nowhere to go . 
 the leaches easily unlocked my chains and forced me onto my feet . 
 for the first time i could feel a tiny bit of relief . 
 i looked down at my wrists ; there were deep slashes across them . 
 i tore my eyes away from them only to be ushered out of my cell . 
 `` where are you taking me ? '' 
 i asked with my frail voice . 
 they did n't answer ; they just pushed me forward and out of the cell . 
 the room beyond my cell looked familiar . 
 the same stains stuck to the floor , along with pools of blood dotted around the many cells entrances . 
 each room was numbered , i looked back at my so-called room , and i was number six . 
 as i walked past the many doors i could hear screams and whimpering coming from the rusted out-doors . 
 i held onto myself as the leaches behind me snarled and prodded me . 
 my body was weak , but i did n't want to fall in front of these creatures , they would only enjoy seeing me suffer . 
 we came to a set of stairs that led up and out of the dungeons . 
 carefully , i took each step at a time . 
 i tried to catch my breath when i finally reached the top . 
 `` where are you taking me ? '' 
 i asked again . 
 they just snarled and pushed me forward . 
 we walked down a darkened stone floor corridor and along the walls were scratches and specks of blood . 
 the three of us walked through a badly battered door and one of the leaches pulled me to a stop . 
 i stood there waiting in a dimly lit area covered with dirty stone walls . 
 i stood there shivering from the bitter cold . 
 i was still dressed in my jeans and top but they were in shreds . 
 the leaches stood beside me as if they were waiting for something . 
 around me gas lamps burst into flame and colour filled my vision . 
 at one of the side doors , out came a tall and well built man , and accompany him was dr. moss . 
 they strode over towards a throne-like chair that was the focus of the entire room . 
 the well built man took his seat while smiling gleefully at me . 
 the doctor stood at his side with his head down at the floor . 
 chapter three `` it 's finally nice to see you awake , siren '' the man 's voice carried throughout the stone filled walls . 
 `` dr. moss . '' 
 i tried to get his attention but the doctor did n't answer . 
 he remained with his head bowed to the floor . 
 the well built man looked at the doctor and laughed . 
 `` he can not help you , you are mine now . '' 
 `` i 'm no ones . '' 
 i said weakly . 
 the man roared laughing in his chair . 
 he sat forward in his seat as if he and i were the only ones in the room . 
 `` you are mine until i am done with you , little siren ! '' 
 he almost spat the words out . 
 the gas lamps lit up all his features on his scared covered face . 
 he had long black hair that stuck to his sweaty face and deep pink scars under both eyes . 
 his nose was straight but curved at the tip . 
 he might have been good looking once , but time was no friend to him . 
 around me the leaches closed in . 
 they all bowed their heads and i was stuck in the middle along with the other two standing beside me . 
 i was slowly getting scared by the second , was this it ? 
 would i die here ? 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 i asked him . 
 `` well i want your power , that 's all . '' 
 he said `` you can join us if you wish ? '' 
 `` i will never help you . 
 just kill me now and get it over with ! '' 
 i tried to shout . 
 `` no , no , my dear , you are far too valuable to kill . 
 maybe a few more days in the cell will change your mind ? '' 
 `` no , please ! '' 
 i cried out . 
 i did n't want to go back down there . 
 i had to get out of here . 
 i closed my eyes and tried to find any ounce of energy i had left . 
 i opened my mouth and tried to scream with all the energy i had . 
 my throat closed up and my head began to swim . 
 i suddenly lost my balance and fell to the floor . 
 my mind began to spin and all the colours began to merge into one . 
 around me laughter and snarls filled the room . 
 `` that stuff we 've been injecting into you . 
 it 's to stop your abilities ; you are powerless against us all . '' 
 again he erupted into laughter `` and it 's all thanks to the wonderful doc ' here . 
 he 's quite the genius when it comes to chemicals . '' 
 his words ran straight through me like shards of glass . 
 i was powerless and alone . 
 i clenched my hands into fists . 
 i looked up to dr. moss with anger and he still had his head down , he would n't meet my gaze . 
 `` someone get her up , it 's a bit depressing . '' 
 said the man sitting in the throne-like chair . 
 the leaches beside me grabbed onto my arms and pulled me up onto my feet . 
 i pulled back and thrust my fist across one of the leach 's face and hit it hard . 
 pain shot though my hand and i clenched it against my chest . 
 there was silence , no one spoke . 
 the bruised leach looked towards his master for his approval and he replied with a nod . 
 the creature brought the back of his hand against my face and sharp pain cut against my skin . 
 i stood my ground . 
 blood trickled down my cheek , he had nicked my skin . 
 then the leaches sniffed the air around them . 
 they could smell the scent of my blood ; they closed in around me like a pack of hungry hyenas . 
 they outstretched their claws , ready to strike . 
 i slowly backed away from them . 
 a stinging pain quickly traveled up my arm , as one of the leaches beside me had slashed at my skin . 
 i winced out in pain as it licked the tiny amounts of blood from its talon claws . 
 it smiled as it tasted my life-force , and then he wanted more . 
 faster they approached , they each wanted a taste . 
 `` no , not again . 
 please , no . 
 stay away '' i screamed inside . 
 `` enough ! '' 
 a voice shouted . 
 the leaches stood still and dispersed leaving me clutching at my fresh wound . 
 `` take the siren back to her cell , and give her something for the pain . '' 
 he told the doctor . 
 dr. moss weaved around the leaches and slowly picked me up off the floor . 
 touching his hand felt weird . 
 i expected for him to turn into the animal i 've come to expect from others , but my powers were truly gone and for once in my life i really needed them . 
 the doctor ushered me down the stairs and back into the pits of the dungeons . 
 i tried to fight against his grip but it was too strong . 
 `` do n't struggle . '' 
 he gruffly said . 
 `` so you 're with them now are you ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he remained quiet on the subject . 
 `` answer me ! '' 
 i yelled and a sharp pain made its way to my throat . 
 `` i do n't have to tell you anything , just shut up and do as your told . '' 
 he replied . 
 as we moved towards my cell , panic began to slowly creep in . 
 i did n't want to be shackled up again . 
 i tried to pull away from him once i saw the chains swinging from the wall . 
 `` please do n't do this ! '' 
 i tried to say . 
 `` do you think i want to do this ?! '' 
 he replied quickly . 
 `` then do n't , you have a choice . '' 
 `` no , i do n't . '' 
 he said . 
 the doctor replaced the cuffs back on without saying anymore . 
 fresh pain traveled throughout my wrists and i wanted to cry , but not in front of him . 
 the blue eyed doctor pulled out his black concoction and slowly brought the needle towards my neck . 
 the fear inside me seized up all of my muscles and i just wanted to scream . 
 it then burrowed into my neck and i could feel the liquid flowing throughout my body . 
 fear and pain was replaced by a soft darkness , and i gladly let it take over . 
 i awoke to the sounds of ringing in my ears . 
 slowly it tried to drill its way into my brain . 
 i gritted my teeth and tried to deal with the pounding pain . 
 the tingling sensation was back and this time it was making my arms and legs feel heaver then they actually were . 
 sitting on the ground was another metal tray of the same goop that decorated the wall . 
 deep down i wanted to devour it in one sitting , but it did n't look or smell edible . 
 i ignored it , i can still hold out a little more . 
 but those words were a lie . 
 i would surely die down here . 
 more ringing shot though my head and i had to fight the urge to scream . 
 tears flowed down my face , how many had i shed while being here ? 
 i could n't even wipe them away , i was a total mess . 
 shuffling footsteps stopped my train of thought . 
 i did n't care anymore what they stuck into me or their failed attempts of trying to intimidate me . 
 the rusted-out door came alive with a sharp moan and i welcomed the fresh air . 
 it was the blue eyed doctor again . 
 he held a glass in his right hand and offered it to me . 
 he placed it softy to my lips and i drank the cool refreshing liquid , trying carefully not to choke . 
 the dryness inside my throat was washed away . 
 i finished the glass and i just stared at him , how could someone so caring , be so cruel . 
 what had i done to him ? 
 did he know from the start what i was ? 
 my mind was too broken to finish any thoughts . 
 `` i wish i could help you ellie , i do '' he said softly . 
 i just hung my head . 
 i did n't want to listen to him anymore . 
 unless the words are i 'll free you . 
 i just did n't want to know . 
 `` i 'm sorry ellie but . . '' 
 his words were cut short . 
 the ground above us shook with force and chips of stone broke away from their foundation . 
 the doctor looked around , his face startled . 
 he rushed off locking the door behind him with a metallic clunk . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 i asked . 
 i closed my eyes , more shakes came from above and this time there were loud shouts coming from outside of the cell . 
 i stood there listening to the loud yells and explosions from afar . 
 a bright light pierced its way through the peep hole . 
 it was warm and inviting . 
 it felt familiar . 
 slowly , i tried to get to my feet . 
 the light was getting brighter and warming up my entire body . 
 my cell door started to contort and peel away from its once strong hinges . 
 it was thrown to the side like a crumpled piece of paper . 
 the light engulfed my entire room leaving no shadows to dwell . 
 i tried to shield my eyes from the radiance and prepared myself for the worst . 
 `` ellie ? '' 
 the seductive voice called . 
 that voice . 
 i lowered my hands and in the doorway was rhea . 
 my heart soared , i was saved . 
 i walked forward only to be restricted by the wrist cutting chains . 
 she stood in the doorway bathed in a glowing white light . 
 she was truly a goddess and she was here to save me . 
 `` rhea ? '' 
 i cried . 
 `` what have they done to you ellie ? '' 
 she said . 
 rhea walked into the room and with a wave of her wrist the metal shackles fell to the floor . 
 i breathed a sigh of relief . 
 i was free . 
 rhea placed her healing hands on me . 
 her ebbing light found its way into my body , and i could feel my skin knitting itself back together . 
 slowly , my strength came back , and the tingling sensation gone . 
 `` ellie ? '' 
 said a voice . 
 i looked over rhea 's shoulder and standing there with a gentle smile across her lips was sophia . 
 she walked into the bright cell and smiled a bright smile . 
 i was so happy to see them that tears were obstructing my view . 
 `` let 's go , we need to get back up top . '' 
 rhea ordered . 
 `` why ca n't we just leave now ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` this stone is enchanted and prevents me from teleporting . '' 
 rhea walked back through the door and left me and sophia safely behind her . 
 i was ready to say goodbye to this pit and i hoped i 'd never see it again . 
 sophia helped me up the stairs , only now noticing that rhea was leaving a trail of ash behind her . 
 she must have killed a lot of leaches to get here and that made me smile . 
 we reached the top of the stairs , but i had to stop for breath . 
 i inhaled deeply but the air stung my lungs . 
 i coughed and spluttered , while trying to find new breaths of air . 
 i still had n't gotten my full strength back . 
 `` ellie , we need to hurry my dear . '' 
 just listening to rhea 's her voice made me happy . 
 i forgot how calming her voice had been . 
 `` come on , we 're nearly there . '' 
 sophia said with her elegant voice . 
 i pushed on and we came into a main hall that i was taken to before . 
 it was empty , except for the tiny drops of my blood speckled on the floor . 
 rhea grabbed onto my hand along with sophia 's . 
 but before we could escape a loud voice boomed throughout the hall . 
 `` ah rhea , i expected no less . '' 
 the brutish man said . 
 `` barbus , i 'd wished never to see you again . '' 
 rhea spat . 
 the shaggy haired man stared at me with hunger in his eyes . 
 `` if you think you 're taking my siren you 're wrong . '' 
 he said . 
 `` you think she 's yours ? 
 she nobody 's toy ! '' 
 rhea shouted . 
 `` no i would n't say that , but she does have her uses . '' 
 his lips turned into a sick smirk that made chills run down my spine . 
 `` you are sick . '' 
 said rhea `` do n't be like that , remember the good times we had . '' 
 he replied . 
 around the man who called himself barbus , gangs of leaches started to appear . 
 i stood behind rhea , hoping she would protect me . 
 `` they were never good times , barbus . 
 i 'm a different person now . '' 
 `` no one ever truly changes , but if it helps you sleep at night . '' 
 barbus replied . 
 `` you disgust me , you did horrid things ! '' 
 rhea yelled `` do n't lie you enjoyed every bit - . '' 
 before barbus could finish he was blasted back through a door . 
 that was the leaches cue to attack . 
 they rushed at us screeching and gnashing their teeth . 
 sophia stepped forward and erected a barrier around us , turning the eager leaches into dust . 
 from the back of the room blasts of red came flooding towards us . 
 it struck the barrier , but it held its ground . 
 before barbus could attack again , rhea grabbed mine and sophia 's arms and the world was torn away in a blink of an eye . 
 chapter four the same feeling came over me again . 
 i wanted to be sick , but i fought the urge . 
 my stomach flipped and jumped as i traveled from one place to another . 
 finally i was dropped onto a hard floor and i rolled to a stop . 
 rhea stood over me while sophia was just getting to her feet . 
 she looked perfect , truly an angel . 
 `` thank you rhea , you saved me , i thought i would die down there . '' 
 i said with a weak voice . 
 `` i 'm happy that you 're back too . 
 that 's why i 'm sorry to do this . '' 
 she said . 
 two strong men walked over to me and lifted me up on my feet . 
 i tried to fight against them but they were like two brick walls . 
 they dragged me away and put me in a small room . 
 i was about to run back through the door but rhea stood between me and freedom . 
 she waved her hand and the door clamped shut , locking me in . 
 `` i 'm sorry ellie , but you need to stay here . '' 
 she said , her voice echoing through the door . 
 `` no , rhea , please let me out ! '' 
 i shouted . 
 `` listen , they have been injecting you with something that 's highly addictive and for your own benefit , it needs to leave your system . '' 
 her voice was so calm and confident . 
 `` i trusted you rhea ! '' 
 i screamed . 
 i repeatedly slammed my fists against the sturdy door . 
 `` it 's just for a few days , i 'm sorry . '' 
 her footsteps echoed down the hall and i was all alone , again . 
 when i finished slamming and pounding on the door , i gave up . 
 i slumped down on the floor and curled up . 
 this cell was much nicer then my so-called other one . 
 there was a small single bed in one corner and a toilet , and sink at the other side . 
 `` well at least it has pluming . '' 
 i thought . 
 the room had been painted with blinding white walls along with the pristine while floor , it felt like being in a padded cell . 
 how could rhea do this to me , first she rescues me and now she leaves me ? 
 i felt awful , my wrists were healed and the marks on my neck too , but , i felt itchy and irritable . 
 i just wanted get up and leave but there was no way . 
 i picked myself up from the floor and helped myself to some water . 
 the cups they had were made out of paper . 
 -lrb- what am i a child ? -rrb- 
 the water was cool going down , and for just a second i forgot about the nagging itchy feeling . 
 i closed my eyes and tried to focus my mind onto something else , other than the pain i was feeling . 
 i threw myself onto the bed and it felt like heaven , i had n't felt something this soft in a long time . 
 i pulled the blankets around me tight and tried to get some needed sleep . 
 a loud noise woke me up . 
 i shot up from the bed , fearing another leach would be accompanying me . 
 when i remembered that i was safe , free from their clutches -lrb- well if anyone would call this free ? -rrb- . 
 the door opened slowly and i waited for whatever was about to greet me . 
 sophia thanked someone to her right and walked in . 
 she smiled and placed down a tray that was supporting a sandwich . 
 my eyes lit up and i snatched it from the plate . 
 for such a basic sandwich it tasted amazing . 
 `` slow down or you 'll choke . '' 
 she said . 
 i took her advice and took my time . 
 sophia stood over me and watched , as i tore the sandwich apart like a savage animal . 
 `` i 'm sorry it took so long to find you , ellie . '' 
 she said softly . 
 i stopped making a pig of myself and looked up to meet her gaze . 
 sophia was wearing one of her unusual outfits again . 
 this time she wore frilly gloves that traveled up to her elbows , a tight fitting corset that pulled her in tightly attached to a ruffle skirt . 
 where did she get her clothes from ? 
 `` what do you mean ? 
 i was only gone a few days was n't i ? '' 
 i asked . 
 sophia did n't answer . 
 she remained quiet . 
 `` sophia , tell me ? 
 how long was i gone for ? '' 
 `` two weeks . '' 
 her words felt hollow and strange . 
 i swallowed my final bite with a bit of difficulty . 
 `` what ?! '' 
 `` rhea did not stop until she found you . 
 it took us awhile but - . '' 
 i cut her off . 
 `` i was gone for two weeks ?! 
 but it only felt like a few days at the most . '' 
 `` it 's because of the stuff they injected into you . 
 you must have been asleep most of the time . '' 
 the words passed though me as they meant nothing . 
 two weeks i was locked up , it did n't even feel remotely close to that . 
 i immediately grabbed at my neck . 
 they had been drugging me , keeping me asleep and doped up . 
 the words just spun around my head , until i felt sick . 
 `` are you ok , ellie ? '' 
 `` yeah , fine . '' 
 i lied . 
 i took a sip of water that sat on the tray . 
 `` when can i get out of here ? '' 
 i asked her . 
 `` it 's not up to me ellie . '' 
 she replied . 
 `` but why , ca n't rhea just heal me ? 
 surely she can do that ? '' 
 `` i asked her that and she can not . 
 whatever is in your system can not be cure by magical means . '' 
 she said `` i 'm sorry . 
 you just have to wait it out . '' 
 `` but i feel like i 'm going crazy . '' 
 i said . 
 `` i 'm sorry , ellie . '' 
 sophia picked up the tray and the empty cup , as she was about to leave i snatched at her dress . 
 `` please do n't leave . '' 
 i pleaded with her . 
 `` ellie i wish i could stay but i have orders . '' 
 she pulled away from me and exited through the door that led to my only escape . 
 i crawled back into bed with a full stomach . 
 it felt nice to have some decent food , not that disgusting thing on a plate they tried to feed me . 
 sophia said it would only be a few days , i could handle that , just a few more days and i could get the hell out of here . 
 at night that was when the pain started . 
 i began to sweat through my clothes . 
 i began to feel clammy and irritable . 
 my temperature was high then it would drop . 
 it was like my body did n't know how to regulate my temperature , i just wanted to scream . 
 my body ached throughout . 
 what did they put into my body ? 
 i splashed myself with some water and tried to calm myself down . 
 nothing worked . 
 i scratched at my skin till it became sore . 
 i pounded on the door till my hand hurt , but no one answered . 
 i needed to get out . 
 with my powers , i could bring this place down if i needed to , but i had to suppress it . 
 clenching my teeth together would take the pain away , but only for a few seconds and then it would start up again . 
 i climbed into bed and wrapped myself up in the blanket , no matter how hot i was . 
 i would beat this thing . 
 waves of heat came from within my own body and sweat trickled down my face . 
 i brought my knees up towards my chest and sat there . 
 after a while of trying to suppress the pain , sleep caught up to me . 
 i tried to get myself into a comfy position and tried to get some rest . 
 i awoke to a piercing noise throughout the room . 
 my eyes scanned each of the white walls to see that there were many slash marks made into the walls . 
 my heart raced as i could smell the familiar stench that brought me back to those deep dungeons . 
 the lingering scent beckoned me from outside the room and as i stepped forward the door was torn away before me . 
 a group of leaches stood in my path but did not block it . 
 they soon parted on each side and out walked barbus . 
 he stood proud among the many creatures that he commanded . 
 he held out his hand and waited for me to take it . 
 i wanted to go back into the cell , to run away , but my body moved forward , like i was being called to him . 
 closer i drew near him until i was within arm 's reach . 
 he pulled me into his chest and embraced me and i could feel his strong muscles through his clothes as his hands traveled down my back making my flesh crawl . 
 his fingers started to caress my body and for a moment it felt good , but i did n't want this . 
 i should be disgusted by him , but his breath on my neck took it all away . 
 without warning he grabbed a handful of my hair and pulled my head back exposing my throat , but i did n't fight it . 
 his lips traveled from the bottom of my neck and up to my ear lobe . 
 my cheeks flushed with colour and my heart pounded rapidly inside my chest . 
 `` you wo n't escape me . '' 
 he said . 
 his voice was strong and commanding and at that moment i felt i could do anything for this man . 
 something inside started to scream , telling me to run away , to never trust this beast of a man . 
 a cruel smile graced his lips and he threw me towards the leaches like i was table scraps for the dogs . 
 i lay on the floor while the leaches gathered around . 
 i woke myself up with a scream . 
 quickly , i placed my hands over my mouth when my brain realized what i was doing . 
 i had blown open a small hole on the wall opposite me . 
 i jumped out of bed to give it a look , hoping i did n't do too much damage . 
 well at least i did n't bring the place down . 
 `` do n't worry about that . '' 
 said a voice behind me . 
 i spun around to be greeted by rhea who stood in the doorway . 
 `` uh , sorry ` bout that . '' 
 i said . 
 rhea giggled and smiled . 
 `` i 'm so glad to have you back ellie , and it looks like your powers are slowly regaining as well . '' 
 i smiled weakly at her . 
 rhea made her way to my bed and sat , she tapped the spot beside her and i took my place . 
 `` i 'm sorry you had to go through this ellie , as soon as those foul creatures took you i did n't stop until i found you . 
 i failed you . 
 i should not have let this happen . '' 
 i took both of her hands into mine and a surge of power flowed through me , fueling my once beaten body . 
 i forgot how good it felt to touch her . 
 `` rhea , you saved me . '' 
 i said to her `` i almost gave up . '' 
 `` i 'm just relieved that i got to you in time . '' 
 rhea pulled me close . 
 it felt good being in her arms ; my once troubled thoughts were gone . 
 `` can i leave now ? '' 
 i asked her . 
 she took her time before answering . 
 `` well you seem to have your powers back . '' 
 `` well i feel fine , but it was a rough night . '' 
 i replied . 
 `` then i think you 're ready to join us . '' 
 `` us ? '' 
 i was confused . 
 rhea led me from my room and out into a long corridor filled with other rooms on either side . 
 i walked passed each of them expecting to see them locked up like i was , but inside were people of every age inside reading or listening to music . 
 the rooms looked like bedrooms . 
 some of them were decorated with personal affects and posters of famous singers and shelf 's crammed with various kinds of books . 
 `` rhea , who are these people ? '' 
 i asked her . 
 `` they are guests here , looking for refuge . '' 
 she answered softly . 
 `` refuge from what ? 
 leaches ? '' 
 `` yes and no . 
 this is a place where everyone can feel safe , runaway or not . '' 
 i passed others in the corridor , some of them only kids . 
 they looked scared and uncertain but as soon as rhea passed their faces lit up . 
 what were they doing here did n't they have families to go home to ? 
 we left the rooms behind us and turned a corner into large seated area . 
 it looked like a living room with sofas , tv 's , and electronic gadgets . 
 it felt warm , comforting , like a real home . 
 a feeling of guilt ran through me but i ignored it as best as i could and carried on with rhea . 
 `` this is the living room . '' 
 she said . 
 she left me to look around . 
 sitting on the sofa were a few people , they chatted amongst themselves , but as soon as they spotted us they stopped and stared . 
 without saying a word to them , i turned and caught up rhea . 
 at the next stop she showed me a small kitchen area . 
 inside was a small fridge at the side and a medium size table made of thick wood , it took its place in the center of the room and sitting at the table was sophia eating her breakfast . 
 sophia 's eyes lit up once she saw me and gave a little wave . 
 we then moved on throughout to see what else this place had to offer but rhea came to a stop and turned to me . 
 `` i think you 'll want to use our next facility . '' 
 rhea commented . 
 rhea pushed open the door to reveal a shower area that held small cubicles on either side . 
 i did n't know what she was showing me until i could hear flowing of water . 
 i could not remember when it was the last time i had a shower . 
 `` i 'll leave you too it then . '' 
 she smiled . 
 i jumped straight into the shower . 
 it was small but i was n't complaining if it had hot running water . 
 i pulled the lever towards myself and out jetted a stream of warm water . 
 i stood there basked in the warm calming water . 
 as i stood in the water i could feel everything being washed away like it was all a bad dream . 
 i felt so much better after the shower it was like i was a new person . 
 i dried myself with some fluffy towels and changed into the clothes rhea kindly laid out for me . 
 there was pair of black loose jeans and a tight cream coloured top , it was n't much but at least they were clean . 
 i had been wearing the same stained torn clothes for weeks and they needed to go , badly . 
 i threw my ragged clothes into the nearest bin and continued out of the shower area . 
 my stomach started to growl with hunger so i decided to go and find the kitchen , if i could remember where it was . 
 i walked through the cold halls , still trying to remember the way to the kitchen . 
 as i turned a corner thinking for sure this was the way , i knocked into someone who gave a little yelp up . 
 `` oh i 'm so sorry . '' 
 i said . 
 the young girl did n't meet my gaze ; instead she bent down and collected her fallen books . 
 she checked for any damage and brushed off any dirt that stuck to it . 
 her head then snapped up into my direction and looked as if she was about to unleash her anger on me but she quickly held her tongue . 
 `` i know who you are . '' 
 she said . 
 the girl who stood in front of me had wild frizzy chestnut brown hair which she repeatedly kept moving away from her big brown doe eyes . 
 she looked a bit older than me but i could n't really tell . 
 the girl hugged the book to her chest and stared at me as did all the others . 
 `` i can not believe i 'm seeing one up close . '' 
 said the staring girl . 
 `` i guess everyone knows about me now do they ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` well everyone is talking about it and i mean everyone . '' 
 she replied . 
 `` i bet they want to see the freak , do they ? '' 
 `` how can you say that about yourself ? 
 most supernatural creatures would kill and i mean kill to get a chance to become a siren . '' 
 `` thanks . '' 
 i mumbled . 
 `` oh my god , i 'm sorry . 
 i have a bad habit of saying the wrong thing at the wrong time . 
 let 's start again , my name 's amanda . '' 
 amanda adjusted her book and placed out her hand . 
 `` oh sorry , there i go again . '' 
 amanda quickly threw her hand behind her back . 
 `` i 'm ellie , but you probably knew that all ready . '' 
 i said . 
 `` yeah , your kinda ' big news around here . 
 why do n't we sit in the living room , do n't think you 'd want anyone else knowing your business in the hallway . '' 
 she was right ; i did n't want anyone overhearing us . 
 amanda led the way into the decorated living room with the plush chocolate brown sofas along with colourful glass lamps scattered around the room . 
 the room was empty apart from two of us . 
 she then threw herself onto the large sofa while putting her book to one side . 
 i just stood awkwardly next to the sofa , waiting for the invitation . 
 `` you can sit down you know , this is kinda ' your living room as well . '' 
 i took a seat next to amanda who looked fit to burst with joy . 
 `` go ahead . '' 
 i said to her . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` i know you dying to ask me some questions . '' 
 i said to her . 
 `` really !? '' 
 she turned in her seat and gave me her full attention . 
 `` what 's it like to be one ? 
 have you made anyone fall deeply in love with you ? 
 have you ever used a siren scream ? '' 
 words came spewing out and i felt like i wanted to run away . 
 `` whoa , slow down . '' 
 i said . 
 `` sorry , but really what 's it like ? '' 
 she brought her voice down to normal level . 
 `` truthfully ? 
 it 's horrible , i hate it . '' 
 i replied . 
 `` really ? 
 i bet it would be amazing . '' 
 said amanda . 
 `` you 're wrong , you 'd think differently when you can not touch anyone . '' 
 `` yeah , that does sound horrible . '' 
 she said . 
 `` it is . 
 i hate it . '' 
 i replied . 
 `` but i 've heard stories of sirens that they can do anything they want , i wonder what it feels like ? '' 
 amanda held out her hand and looked at me with her big brown doe eyes . 
 i quickly stood up from my seat . 
 `` what is wrong with you ? 
 touching you could put you and myself in danger , never ask me to do that again . '' 
 i was done talking with her . 
 i left the living room with anger slowly bubbling away while looking for the kitchen again . 
 in the end i followed the smells of food to guide me and within minutes i found it . 
 sophia greeted me with her usual smile and offered me some food . 
 i decided on some cereal . 
 the kitchen was not big but it did have the basics . 
 i sat down beside sophia and eat my food . 
 for a few minutes we continued in silence , like we were two complete strangers . 
 i had to break the uncomfortable silence . 
 `` where are we sophia ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` did n't rhea tell you ? '' 
 she replied . 
 i shook my head while shoveling the spoon into my mouth . 
 `` well , we are underground . '' 
 `` what ! '' 
 milk dribbled down my chin . 
 no wonder everything was so cramped , we were living underground , but how ? 
 was it safe underground ? 
 did we have enough oxygen ? 
 `` yeah , i thought she would have told you . 
 this place used to be a bomb shelter and it 's now a converted hideout where supernatural 's can come when they 've got nowhere else to go . '' 
 `` are we safe down here then ? '' 
 i asked her `` totally safe . '' 
 she said with her soft voice . 
 `` so these runaways are like me then ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` yes , you could say that . '' 
 `` some of them are very young . '' 
 i commented . 
 `` that 's the worst part of it they have nowhere to go since some of their families have been killed . '' 
 `` by the leaches . '' 
 i did n't need sophia to tell me that . 
 those disgusting creatures have destroyed everything that is good . 
 as sophia and i were talking , a big brute of a young man came into the kitchen . 
 his eyes caught mine and i felt fear . 
 i dug my nails into my chair as i watched him grab something from the small fridge . 
 as he left i saw something shimmer with light from his belt . 
 `` who the hell was that ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` do n't worry about him , he 's part of the protectors . '' 
 sophia said . 
 `` protectors ? '' 
 i was completely lost . 
 `` yeah they are an order of people who protect the supernatural world . 
 you could call them the police of your world . '' 
 `` but he looks terrifying . '' 
 i replied . 
 `` ah , they are kittens really , they put their lives on the line for us . '' 
 `` well i feel a little better , i think . '' 
 i said . 
 `` you should , you are safe here , ellie . '' 
 she tried to reassure me but the words did n't offer me any comfort . 
 i paused at my unfinished meal and i wiped my face . 
 `` uh , sophia . '' 
 i wanted her full attention . 
 `` what is it ellie ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` about rhea 's manor , you got hurt because of me . 
 i 'm so sorry . '' 
 i said . 
 sophia did n't say anything she just stared at me . 
 `` please forgive me , please . '' 
 i begged her . 
 `` i forgive you , but it really was n't your fault . '' 
 her perfect pink lips curved up into a smile . 
 `` of course it was my fault , i made it happen . 
 if i had n't been there none of this would have happened . '' 
 `` ellie , i do n't blame you and neither does rhea . 
 she was worried sick about trying to find you . '' 
 answered sophia . 
 `` i 'm glad that she did , it was horrible down there , sophia . '' 
 `` i can not even begin to imagine , ellie . '' 
 `` at one point i just wanted it all to go away and let the darkness take me away . '' 
 i said . 
 sophia just stared at me lost for words . 
 we continued with our breakfast in silence . 
 i finished the last of my cereal and put it into the small metal sink . 
 i turned around and rhea stood in the kitchen , waiting . 
 she always had the ability of sneaking up on me and i think she got some kind of kick out of it . 
 `` ellie , can we talk ? '' 
 she said seductively . 
 i nodded while waved goodbye to sophia and followed rhea down the hallway . 
 we walked together down a narrow hallway . 
 as soon as rhea passed , the other residents would stop and bow or politely call her ma’am . 
 -lrb- should i be doing that as well ? -rrb- 
 i tried to keep up with her but my little legs were not quick enough . 
 as soon as they were done with their bowing they would turn their gaze onto me and stare in awe , after a while it got very awkward . 
 rhea stopped in front of a large door covered with engravings of weird symbols that looked like giant eyes with crosses through them . 
 she held it open while i quickly hurried on into the unknown room . 
 inside was a bedroom much nicer than the one i was in . 
 it had a four poster bed with silk curtains draped on either side along with matching pillows and cream coloured blankets . 
 she also had her own en suite -lrb- fancy -rrb- and a large make-up dressing table that was covered with unknown creams and remedies inside weirdly shaped thin glass bottles . 
 -lrb- not that she needs the beauty treatment -rrb- . 
 rhea walked in and sat down into a plush chair and crossed her legs . 
 i sat down on the other chair opposite her and i just stared down at my hands nervously . 
 `` ellie . '' 
 she began to speak . 
 `` you destroyed my house . '' 
 my heart dropped , does she want to punish me after what i did . 
 `` i 'm so sorry . '' 
 i tried to explain but she brought up her hand and stopped me . 
 `` not many people can do that , i 'm impressed . '' 
 `` so you 're not mad ? '' 
 `` no , it 's just a house , ellie . 
 it can be rebuilt . '' 
 she gave me a reassuring smile and a wave of relief washed over me . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 i said . 
 `` so how are you feeling ? '' 
 rhea 's question threw me . 
 i had n't really stopped and thought how i was feeling . 
 i just tried to hide my emotions as best as i could . 
 `` it 's difficult . '' 
 i said . 
 `` i must say you are dealing with it very well . '' 
 `` it 's just one of my talents i 've developed over the years . '' 
 i replied . 
 `` it is a remarkable talent indeed , even i can not read your emotions . '' 
 commented rhea . 
 i remained silent , awkwardly shifting in my chair . 
 `` you are safe here , ellie . 
 i mean that this time . '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 i mumbled . 
 `` ellie , do you blame me ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` no , never . 
 it 's just things are so messed up . '' 
 i answered . 
 `` i can understand , it 's all so different for you now and you have to adjust to it the best you can . '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 it was all i could say . 
 `` good . 
 i wanted to talk to you about certain things that have happened . '' 
 `` like what ? '' 
 i did n't really want to talk about things . 
 `` well , first . 
 that man who abducted you . '' 
 `` oh yeah , he knew you did n't he , but how ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` well i have a long dark history with barbus , and that 's how i want to keep it . '' 
 she spoke with such hate for him . 
 `` he asked for me to join him , but i told him no . '' 
 `` interesting , what else did he say ? '' 
 `` well he said that i was his . '' 
 just thinking about him made me feel ill `` the leaches also listened to him , like he was commanding them . '' 
 rhea remained sat in her chair and i could see her mind working . 
 `` mmm , barbus is hardly the brains behind this , but we should be carefully none the less . '' 
 `` yeah , he makes my skin crawl . '' 
 i replied . 
 `` he does seem to have that effect of some people . 
 i hated him ever since the first time i met him . '' 
 i wanted to ask rhea a personal question , but i did n't know if i would be over-stepping . 
 i took a deep breath and just let it out . 
 `` rhea , what are you ? '' 
 i interrupted . 
 rhea looked at me and gave a little smile . 
 she cleared her throat . 
 `` i am what you would called a demi-god my dear . '' 
 wait , what ! 
 a god ?! 
 did she really say that ? 
 `` sorry , can you explain ? '' 
 `` a demi-god , surely you have heard the word before ? '' 
 `` no , not really . 
 they do n't teach us that in school . '' 
 `` well they should . '' 
 she said . 
 my tired mind tried to come to terms with rhea being a god , but i just could not continue that train of thought . 
 i tried to muffle a giggle , i was sitting next to a god ! 
 `` were you born one then ? '' 
 `` no , i was . . '' 
 rhea cut herself off . 
 she had a blank stare across her face . 
 a cold icy stare formed in her flame coloured eyes . 
 i had brought up memories that she was n't ready to divulge yet . 
 `` rhea , you ok ? '' 
 she brought herself back with a smile . 
 `` that 's a tale for another day . '' 
 rhea stood up from her chair and started to pace around the room . 
 i just sat and watched her float effortlessly around her bedroom . 
 another piece of information came to light inside my still weak mind . 
 `` oh yeah , my doctor was with them . 
 he treated me when i was in the hospital after the . . '' 
 just thinking back about the hospital was a bad idea . 
 it seemed ages ago when i laid in that hospital bed . 
 i tried to throw off the guilty words that surrounded me . 
 `` your doctor ? 
 that 's strange . 
 did you notice anything weird about him ? '' 
 her question pulled me from my self doubt . 
 `` come to think of it , yes . 
 it was like he did n't want to be there , like he was being forced to do it . '' 
 rhea was about to say something but there was a gentle knock on the bedroom door . 
 `` enter . '' 
 she ordered . 
 a large tall man appeared , the same guy from the kitchen . 
 he had a strong presence about him . 
 he looked me up and down with interest and i had to resist the urge to blush . 
 he then gave his full attention to rhea . 
 `` i have information . '' 
 he spoke but he remained quiet . 
 `` you can report , she 's fine . '' 
 his eyes gave me another glace before he reported his findings . 
 `` yes mistress . 
 there have been numerous reports of leaches roaming around in public , and with many numbers . '' 
 rhea paused to take in all the information . 
 `` it 's very unlike them to attack in public , and you say there are many of them ? '' 
 `` yes , mistress . 
 they are at a very high level , close to the danger zone . '' 
 he said . 
 `` she must been breeding them . 
 this is n't a good sign . '' 
 rhea said to herself . 
 `` breeding ? '' 
 i was totally lost . 
 `` yes ellie , leaches do n't breed like normal people they get birthed about ten at a time or even more , but these numbers are high . '' 
 `` we 've had some protectors gone missing while hunting for the nest also . '' 
 he spoke with a formal tone . 
 rhea started to think again . 
 `` what does the council say about this ? '' 
 she asked the strong young man . 
 `` they want us to deal with it quickly and quietly . 
 they want you to front the operation . '' 
 `` thank you marcus , we will leave first thing in the morning . 
 if that 's all you can go . '' 
 she waved him off . 
 he bowed his head and left , closing the door behind him . 
 `` where are you going tomorrow ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` to find a nest of leaches and you , my dear will be coming with me . '' 
 `` what ?! '' 
 i blurted out . 
 i 'm surprised that rhea wanted me to accompany her down into a leach nest . 
 `` you want to put me back in danger again ? 
 after what i 've been through ? 
 `` yes and i know what you must be thinking , but you will be safe with me and i do n't want you out of my sight . '' 
 her soft voice was like music to my ears , but i had to try to resist it . 
 `` that 's what you said last time and you know what happened . '' 
 i stood up from my chair in protest . 
 rhea took a deep sigh . 
 `` that will never happen again . 
 i will put my life on the line if it means your safety . '' 
 was this all going to happen again ? 
 no , i wo n't let it . 
 i wo n't let them take me again . 
 `` i need to think about this , i can not go back to that dungeon . 
 i wo n't ! '' 
 i ran out of the room and down the corridor pushing past sophia . 
 `` ellie ? '' 
 she called after me but i did n't stop . 
 i ran back to my room trying to avoid the many runaways that filled the halls . 
 i closed my door hoping it did not lock me in . 
 i just wanted to scream , i felt trapped . 
 i would not allow myself to go through that again . 
 i clenched my teeth together wishing that the rage would pass . 
 rhea had no right to be putting me in that position again . 
 chapter five it was getting late but i was too upset to sleep and my stomach started to growl in protest . 
 i decided to get a snack from the kitchen . 
 quietly , i walked down the many halls , not wanting to disturb the others . 
 some of the runaways were in the sitting room reading or just chatting quietly away to each other . 
 every room had at least two protectors watching over their charges , once they saw me they would watch me with interest . 
 many of the runaways smiled and waved at me while i walked past trying to find the kitchen . 
 slowly , i was finding my way around this maze ; god knows how many corridors there are . 
 i would have to get used to this place sooner or later and right now i just wanted to find the kitchen to get some food . 
 the kitchen was devoid of people , it was nice not to have the idle chit-chat with a total stranger , i prefer my own company . 
 i opened up the fridge and it greeted me with its cold chill . 
 inside was food different variety of foods with fancy names that i had n't really heard of . 
 i did n't even know what half of it was and i did n't want to go around smelling them if they were edible . 
 i did n't know whether to put it on my face or eat it . 
 instead i settled for some toast , it amazed me that they had electricity down here . 
 i prepared my toast and sat in the kitchen eating in silence . 
 i was almost done with my simple snack when i could hear footsteps coming towards the kitchen . 
 was i allowed out at this time of night ? 
 crap , crap . 
 i quickly tried to tidy up the crumbs i had left but it was too late . 
 behind me i could hear someone clearing their throat . 
 oh crap ! 
 i turned around to be greeted by one of the protectors that i had met inside rhea 's room . 
 was he stalking me ? 
 `` sorry , i 'll just move on . 
 i should get back to bed anyway . '' 
 i said sheepishly . 
 i tried to tip toe around him , but his words stopped me . 
 `` you 're ellie are n't you ? '' 
 he asked and i stopped dead . 
 `` yeah , why ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he leaned on the wall and crossed his strong arms around his chest . 
 `` just that i 've heard things about you that 's all , good things though . '' 
 he added . 
 i chuckled nervously . 
 oh god i 'm acting like a school girl . 
 -lrb- well i am one . -rrb- 
 `` well i 'm glad people have been saying good things about me , for a change . '' 
 i said to him . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` uh , it 's nothing . 
 rhea said your name was marcus , was it ? '' 
 `` yep , that 's me . '' 
 he then smiled with a devilish grin . 
 `` so you 're here to protect us then ? 
 i do n't really know what 's going on around here . 
 i 'm kinda ' new to the whole supernatural scene . '' 
 `` well if you have any questions you should come to me . '' 
 he said `` i 'm new to this whole protector thing myself , i only became one a few weeks ago and they send me here , but i am not complaining . '' 
 `` are you enjoying it ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` yeah , it runs in the family . 
 even my past generations were in the protectors , so i 'm doing my family proud . '' 
 he said . 
 `` what do the protectors do anyway ? '' 
 marcus laughed and i felt my cheeks flush with colour . 
 as marcus moved his belt shimmered with light as it did before . 
 with a closer look , strapped to his belt was a long thin sword sheathed in its holder . 
 did they really need these with them ? 
 `` you really are new to the scene are n't you ? '' 
 he cleared his throat `` well the jobs in the title , the protectors , we help supernatural beings like yourself , when they are in need . 
 and sometimes we do special jobs , like tomorrow . 
 are you coming with us ? '' 
 i did n't really know how to answer his question . 
 `` maybe , i do n't know yet . '' 
 `` i 'll protect you , it 's my job after all . '' 
 he said with a wink . 
 `` i 've had many people claiming to protect me . '' 
 i said . 
 `` there 's nothing to worry about . '' 
 replied marcus . 
 `` you 'd think , but there is always that doubt at the back of your mind that everything could go wrong in a matter of seconds . '' 
 marcus did n't give an answer , he just remained quiet . 
 `` i think i should go back to bed . '' 
 i mumbled . 
 `` night . '' 
 he replied . 
 i walked back to my room with a silly school-girl grin across my face . 
 i awoke from my peaceful sleep to see sophia 's face inches from mine while and i screamed in fright . 
 sophia was thrown back a few steps before putting up one of her barriers just in time . 
 quickly , i shot up from the bed . 
 `` i 'm so sorry sophia . '' 
 `` it was my own fault ellie . 
 i should n't have woken you . '' 
 `` what were you doing ? '' 
 i asked her . 
 `` watching you sleep . '' 
 she replied . 
 `` are you ok ? '' 
 i did n't want to hurt her . 
 sophia regained her composure . 
 `` it 's fine , really . 
 i came to tell you we are getting ready to leave . '' 
 leave ? 
 they must 've been getting ready to leave for the mission . 
 i did n't really want to go but did i even have a choice ? 
 will rhea let me out of her sight again ? 
 `` just to tell you , i 'm going as well . '' 
 she said . 
 `` what ? 
 why ? 
 should n't we leave things like that to those protectors ? '' 
 i asked her . 
 `` well i have been on a few missions with rhea before , besides i 'm quite excited for it . '' 
 i could feel the excitement flowing from her . 
 `` we know what we are doing ; you 'll be safe with us . '' 
 sophia walked out of the room and l quickly got dressed . 
 the many runaways filled the halls , all trying to get a peek at the leaving party . 
 i carefully weaved my way through the adoring crowd , where rhea , marcus and sophia stood waiting for me . 
 `` morning . '' 
 said marcus . 
 `` so you have decided to join us then ? '' 
 rhea asked . 
 `` like i have a choice . '' 
 i mumbled . 
 `` i 'm glad . '' 
 she replied . 
 i looked around at the small crew , was this it ? 
 i did n't really feel much safe with just a small group . 
 `` is this it ? '' 
 i asked them . 
 `` no there is one more , he is late . '' 
 rhea 's tone was sharp . 
 from within the crowd there were shoving and unhappy yelps . 
 something was moving towards us and it was n't in a good mood . 
 `` move , move out of the way . '' 
 said a voice from the crowd . 
 the group of people parted revealing a middle age short man . 
 `` him ? '' 
 i asked surprised . 
 `` yes , missy , me . '' 
 he said as he came closer . 
 `` ellie do not be deceived by his small stature , we all have our uses , even him . '' 
 said rhea . 
 `` charming , com ' on i 've got places to be and i do n't want to be here anyway . '' 
 the balding man said . 
 `` robin , you owe me . 
 so you will do this for me . '' 
 rhea said . 
 `` where are we going ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` there has been lots of leach activity outside of the city , so we are going to check it out . '' 
 marcus answered . 
 `` but should n't we have more protectors with us ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` no , they need to stay here and we only need a small group otherwise we will attract attention . '' 
 rhea explained . 
 we all formed a circle , rhea on my right and marcus on my left . 
 he was about to take his hand when i quickly flinched away . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 he quickly said . 
 `` uh , no it 's my fault . '' 
 i blushed . 
 `` ready ? '' 
 rhea 's voice carried throughout the small halls . 
 the group of runaways stepped back allowing us to safely teleport . 
 before i could prepare myself , i was torn away from the underground hall and sent spiraling off into different directions . 
 my stomach filled with knots and i wanted to throw up . 
 we all landed onto a soft ground and i had to sit down for my head to stop spinning . 
 `` you ok ? '' 
 marcus asked . 
 i waited for my dizzy head to fade before i was ready to join them . 
 `` yeah , i 'm fine . '' 
 `` remember , stay close and no one do anything stupid that can get us killed . '' 
 marcus 's eyes were on the new guy . 
 `` what 're you looking at me for ? '' 
 he said . 
 robin and marcus were talking -lrb- well arguing -rrb- while i looked around . 
 we had teleported outside a city entrance that was bellow a busy motorway . 
 it was very early in the morning and the sun was about to rise . 
 i wanted to take a seat and watch but i knew i did n't have time . 
 i stood close to sophia and she greeted me with a soft smile . 
 `` are you nervous , ellie ? '' 
 sophia asked . 
 `` just a bit . '' 
 i replied . 
 `` just stay close to rhea and you 'll be fine . '' 
 sophia gave me one of her brightest smiles and inside it did make me feel a bit better , but i still had doubts . 
 marcus and robin were still arguing and rhea had to step in . 
 `` gentlemen , please . 
 can we finish this . '' 
 asked rhea . 
 marcus nodded . 
 `` stay close . '' 
 he whispered . 
 rhea made her way to a large sewer pipe leading deep into a complex of twisting tunnels that was the underground sewer system . 
 we all followed behind her one by one into the dark tunnels . 
 the smell was awful , the memories of the leaches flooded in and i tried to ignore them swimming around in my mind . 
 i could feel myself tensing up , i just wanted to run away , but how could i face rhea again if i did that ? 
 i did n't want to keep running from my problems all the time . 
 i took a deep breath of the tainted air and continued through the dark winding tunnel . 
 marcus tailed behind , his sword at his side ready to strike at anything that would harm us . 
 i had nothing to fear while he was at my back , it was his job to protect me . 
 `` are you ok ? '' 
 he whispered into my ear . 
 i tried to muffle my surprise with both hands clasped to my mouth . 
 `` do n't do that ! 
 i do n't like being snuck up on . '' 
 i whispered back . 
 again he came in close to give me his answer . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 he whispered deeply into my ear and my body exploded with excitement . 
 -lrb- focus , ellie ! -rrb- 
 we continued through the sewers and stopped . 
 in front of us the stone floor was no more , murky water had taken its place instead . 
 `` i 'm not walking through that . '' 
 i said `` it 's only water ellie . '' 
 marcus whispered . 
 `` ellie 's right , and plus it stinks . '' 
 added sophia . 
 `` oh for heaven 's sake . '' 
 rhea took the first steps into the water while waiting for the others . 
 `` fine , but you owe me new shoes . '' 
 sophia said . 
 `` if that 's what gets you to move . '' 
 rhea said . 
 the bog filled water filtered through my shoes and socks , it did n't feel good and it made me feel a bit sick . 
 as we waded through the dirty water rhea stopped , i peered around her and out in front stood many entrances , we did n't know which way to go . 
 `` can you sense anything , robin ? '' 
 whispered rhea . 
 he placed his palms and his ear to the slime covered stone and closed his eyes . 
 his face scrunched up and his eyes flickered rapidly from side to side . 
 `` what 's he doing ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` he 's trying to sense supernaturals . '' 
 sophia replied . 
 `` hush , i 'm trying to concentrate . '' 
 robin ordered . 
 his eyes shot open and he backed away from the wall slowly . 
 `` they 're here , many of them . '' 
 `` good , now go find them . '' 
 rhea said . 
 `` are you serious , i 'm not going into the heart of that ! '' 
 he said . 
 `` keep your voice down ! '' 
 marcus ordered . 
 `` i 'm getting the hell out of here . '' 
 robin added . 
 he tied to push passed but marcus stood in his way . 
 `` hey , if i 'm here so are you . 
 we stick together . '' 
 i whispered harshly . 
 `` but you 're the siren , the all and powerful . '' 
 he said . 
 `` yes , but i 'm petrified at the same time , i feel like running away but i do n't because i know i 'll never forgive myself . 
 so shut up and deal with it . '' 
 i told him . 
 robin breathed a deep sigh and took his place . 
 as i said my piece , i could feel all eyes on me . 
 i looked around , realizing that everyone just stood there , watching me . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i asked them . 
 `` it 's nothing , just sometimes i forget how strong you really are . '' 
 replied rhea i was shocked at her comment , was everyone else in agreement ? 
 well i did n't really feel strong . 
 robin pushed forward through the bog water and we followed after him . 
 `` it 's this way . '' 
 he pointed to the far right of the many tunnels and we continued on through the darkness . 
 the tunnel scuttled with rats and worms and other strange looking creatures that ran away from our approach . 
 i followed behind sophia , careful of where i stepped . 
 the smells were getting worse , and i had to put my hand over my mouth to stop myself from gagging on the foul fumes . 
 marcus held his sword high , ready to strike . 
 i felt a bit relived with him at my back and at the same time nervous . 
 robin took us down more narrow walkways with slime covered walls . 
 what the hell was this stuff , i did n't really want to give it a full examination . 
 weird noises echoed through the sewer tunnels . 
 scratching , scuttling and muffled moans . 
 where the hell were we going ? 
 wherever it was it did n't sound good . 
 we were ordered to stop , robin stood his ground to make sure the way was clear . 
 `` there is something around the corner . '' 
 whispered robin . 
 i held my breath . 
 the creature made its all too familiar groaning noises . 
 visions of being back in the dark pits came rushing back and i tried to fight them off . 
 finally the leach slowly appeared around the corner while we all remained still as it sniffed the air . 
 the faceless creature snapped its head in my direction and the all knowing terror rippled through me . 
 before it could make any noise , rhea threw out her hand and black ash scattered into the air . 
 `` that was a close one , he could have warned others . '' 
 marcus said . 
 `` let 's keep going . '' 
 rhea added . 
 we stepped over the creature 's pile of ashes and carried on down the maze of dark tunnels . 
 i wanted to hold onto marcus 's hand and never let go , but that was never going to happen . 
 `` it 's just up ahead , you better be ready . '' 
 robin told us . 
 my hands started to shake and my forehead ran with sweat . 
 i tried to throw off the horrible feeling and walked on . 
 the tunnels opened up into a large clearing with what looked like frog spawn covering the walls and the floor . 
 the slime covered sacks littered around the area , inside something was moving around , trying to claw its way out . 
 `` ugh , it stinks . '' 
 i said while covering my mouth . 
 `` yep , it does , but do n't think about it too much . '' 
 marcus replied . 
 while looking around for any of the leaches my body froze . 
 lying on the floor was a body , it was of young girl . 
 darkness had hid her face from me and i moved closer to get a better look at the laid out body . 
 once i saw the face i stumbled back in shock , it was the cheep blonde from the cinema . 
 her body displayed bite marks and scratches to the face and stomach . 
 i had to tear my eyes away from the lifeless body . 
 that could have easily been becky or lilly on the floor , the thought of my friends taking her place made me sick but i had to move on . 
 `` are you ok , ellie ? '' 
 marcus asked . 
 i did n't say anything i just pointed to where the young girl laid . 
 marcus moved closer to the body , inspecting what was left of her . 
 `` did you know her ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` no , not really , i met her at a cinema and i used my powers on her , she was n't a nice person but to have this done to her , it 's wrong . '' 
 `` what did you find ? '' 
 rhea asked . 
 `` just the leaches prey . '' 
 answered marcus . 
 `` alive ? '' 
 she asked bluntly . 
 i replied to rhea with a shake of my head . 
 `` where are the leaches , robin ? '' 
 marcus asked . 
 `` i do n't know , i sensed it , they should be here . '' 
 robin replied . 
 `` can you sense anything , rhea ? '' 
 sophia asked . 
 `` there is something , but it 's faint . '' 
 tapping noises surrounded us , each coming from a different direction . 
 they were trying to distract us . 
 `` what that ? '' 
 asked sophia . 
 `` it 's them , they are playing with us . '' 
 i answered . 
 the tapping noise brought back the memory of the leaches invading my home . 
 it 's because of them that i had to leave . 
 `` agreed , they are toying with us . '' 
 rhea brought her hands out and a bright light radiated from her palms . 
 the white glow illuminated the entire area , showing us all the horrors that the tunnels had to offer . 
 the shadows could not conceal the hidden leaches anymore . 
 once they saw the light they fled into their holes , hoping to avoid the blinding aura . 
 `` is that it ? '' 
 i asked out loud . 
 `` that was far too easy . '' 
 replied marcus . 
 the tapping noise returned and it was pissing me off . 
 `` i can hear you , show yourself ! '' 
 cried rhea . 
 something moved above us with such speed that i could only make out as a blur . 
 i took a step back while the others moved forward . 
 marcus held his sword high , ready to strike . 
 something crashed to the ground shaking the floor around us . 
 i lost my balance and fell backwards into the slime . 
 i looked up from the ground to see something that almost looked human . 
 the torso was of a beautiful woman with long silver hair covering her naked breasts . 
 but the lower half of her was of something i 'd never thought i would witness in my entire life . 
 the creature had a snake 's lower body with a large scaly tale that coiled around her womanly shape . 
 i slowly got to my feet and backed away from the creature . 
 `` what brings you here , rhea ? '' 
 the beast spoke . 
 rhea slowly walked up to the creature . 
 she remained calm and steady as she eyes the monstrous woman . 
 `` we have come for you , idina . '' 
 said rhea . 
 the naked woman laughed . 
 her shrill cackle made my skin crawl . 
 marcus moved closer brandishing his sword . 
 `` so you 've brought back-up ? 
 you 're getting sloppy she-witch . '' 
 the creature slithered across the room , no one dared to move . 
 the woman who called herself idina slithered with ease along the dilapidated slugged infested floor . 
 i was too scared to move , nothing i had seen so far had prepared me for this . 
 the woman moved passed and i held my breath , hoping she would not notice me . 
 `` are these things for me ? '' 
 it asked . 
 `` i 'm so glad you brought me presents , i have n't had a plaything in a long while , well since that thing . '' 
 the creature pointed its sharp black claws in the direction of the young blonde girl . 
 i felt sick inside , no one deserved that , not even her . 
 `` do you think i 'd give you anything , creature ? '' 
 rhea asked it . 
 idina 's eyes flashed a dark glow and i thought the two of them would come to blows , but her attention was focused onto something else . 
 it was marcus who had caught her eye . 
 she moved towards him like he was an unopened present at christmas . 
 it caressed at his strong body , seeing if he was up to scratch . 
 his face , covered with disgust . 
 i watched as marcus slowly readied his weapon . 
 `` i would n't do that if i were you . '' 
 around us , leaches started to crowd around . 
 we were trapped . 
 idina placed her hands tightly around marcus 's body and slowly licked his cheek with her slick black tongue . 
 he tried to move but her grip was strong as were her nails . 
 she tore at his skin and he tried to fight the pain . 
 `` maybe you could be my new plaything ? 
 i 'll take good care of you . '' 
 she whispered . 
 `` enough ! '' 
 shouted rhea . 
 the creature 's soulless black eyes focused onto rhea . 
 `` if you do not behave yourselves , i will have you torn apart ! '' 
 she spat . 
 the leaches crept closer , just waiting for the word to strike . 
 `` do you like my children ? '' 
 she finally ignored marcus and slithered over to one of her leaches . 
 the snake-woman gently stroked its grime covered face , the leach smiling with glee . 
 the others sensed the attention and move in . 
 the sickening smiling leach snarled at the others , warning them to back off . 
 `` now , now , you 'll all get your turn . '' 
 idina said to her sickening children . 
 `` they have been roaming around unchecked , idina . '' 
 rhea said `` they have been killing innocents , and that can not go unpunished . '' 
 `` my children would do no such thing , and how dare you accuse them ! '' 
 idina 's temper flared . 
 the five of us closed in on each other . 
 we had to stick together . 
 things were going to go south fast . 
 `` i think we 've talked enough - . '' 
 the naked woman 's eyes found mine and stopped mid-sentence . 
 `` well , well . 
 what have we here ? '' 
 the creatures eye found mine but before she could move , rhea and marcus stood in her path , cutting off her view . 
 `` is that the creature everyone 's been talking about ? 
 she does n't look like much , does she ? '' 
 `` i think we should leave , i 'm having a bad feeling about this . '' 
 robin whispered . 
 `` i have n't finished with you yet ! '' 
 it screamed . 
 the woman sprung forward with her claws outstretched . 
 sophia quickly stepped forward and created a barrier around us , protected from the hideous creatures . 
 `` barbus said you would come , he was right . '' 
 said idina as she circled around the barrier . 
 `` he will reward me when i give him the girl . '' 
 rhea snatched my arm and the rest held hands together , ready to leave this hell hole . 
 i waited for the stomach churning ride , but nothing happened . 
 `` rhea ? '' 
 sophia said . 
 the snake creature started to laugh . 
 `` he also gave me a few tips on how to trap you . 
 you can not leave . '' 
 no , i would not let them capture me again , i wo n't . 
 i was in full panic mode . 
 my fight or flight mode kicked in and everything pointed to flight . 
 robin lifted his hands out to one of the leaches . 
 it began flinching violently on the spot . 
 within a few seconds it turned to its mother and pounced on her like a crazed animal . 
 idina grabbed it by the throat and quickly snapped its neck , a quick death . 
 she screamed a high pitch wail that tried to tear its way into my skull . 
 i fell to knees and hopped for the pain to end . 
 `` what did you do that for ? '' 
 shouted marcus `` i was just trying something ! '' 
 robin replied . 
 `` you 've just pissed her off even more ! '' 
 `` guys , i can not hold this barrier all day . '' 
 sophia commented . 
 idina spat a yellow substance at the barrier and it slowly degraded around us . 
 i sat on the floor , panicking . 
 they would lock me up again , and no one would save me this time . 
 my heart thumped in my chest and i tried to calm myself down but all of the horrid memories came rushing in one by one . 
 my body felt like stone , i could n't move . 
 the group chatted above me , each offering a way out but then another voice would cut in and call the plan a failure . 
 they shouted at each other while the snake woman laughed at our failed attempt to hatch a plan . 
 `` i can not hold it ! '' 
 sophia screamed . 
 `` ellie . '' 
 a soft voice said . 
 `` we need your help . '' 
 `` hurry they are getting through over here . '' 
 a voice called out . 
 i was sick of this , i always afraid of what was around the corner and always afraid of myself , not knowing what i was capable of . 
 i did n't want to listen to the person in front of me . 
 i wanted to block it all out , no more . 
 i did n't want this ! 
 `` ellie , can you hear me . '' 
 again the voice tried to get through to me . 
 screams and yells filled my ears . 
 i placed my hands over my ears to try and block it out . 
 `` ellie ! '' 
 this time the calm voice was filled with terror . 
 i needed to do something , they needed me . 
 i stood up and tried to call on the pain of being abused at the hand of the leaches and torment i suffered . 
 i screamed and my voice shattered the barrier , destroying the leaches that blocked our path . 
 we all backed away from the coiling creature and her leach army and headed back the way we came . 
 we had to get out , fast . 
 i hurried with the rest of the group while rhea and marcus dispatched any followers . 
 robin led us through the maze of pipes and tunnels that seem never ending . 
 he tried to remember the way out but fear fueled his decisions . 
 adrenaline fueled my body and my mind was sharp , i felt as if i could run all night without stopping . 
 as we carried on another leach jumped down and blocked our path , we did n't have time for this crap . 
 i screamed and the leach was sent spiraling through the air and impaled by a thick steel rod right through the chest . 
 the dying leach screamed in agony before finally submitting to its bloody death . 
 robin was first to run off and i hurried after him back through the tunnels . 
 `` do you know where you 're going ? '' 
 i asked the balding man . 
 `` yes ! '' 
 he said over his shoulder , but i did n't really hold much faith in him . 
 i pounded the floor until my heart became heavy inside my chest . 
 behind me i could hear screeches of dying leaches and flashes of white bright light . 
 my lungs burned with each new breath , but i had to keep pushing myself . 
 marcus quickly caught up to me with sweat covering his body and a bloody sword in his right hand . 
 he kept his pace steady with mine and i caught a glimpse of him as he was running and he had a huge grin on his face . 
 `` what you smiling for ? '' 
 i asked breathlessly . 
 `` it 's the chase , i was born for this . '' 
 he said . 
 `` that 's comforting , not . '' 
 i replied . 
 we came to a stop at a ladder leading up to the surface . 
 robin was the first to climb , then sophia . 
 `` she-witch ! '' 
 the creature screamed as it slithered towards us with great speed . 
 many leaches ran behind her hoping to get a taste of their next meal . 
 rhea faced the woman ; she reached out with her radiant white hands and above her pulled the lose pipes towards the ground . 
 she had blocked their path . 
 i hurried up the ladder with marcus right behind me . 
 i quickly gripped each bar as fast as my hands could . 
 the fresh air welcomed me back from the dark tunnels and i fell to the ground near sophia and we both gasped for our breath as if it was our last . 
 `` that was a failed effort , was n't it ? '' 
 wheezed robin . 
 `` big time ! '' 
 marcus replied . 
 `` that was a trap . '' 
 rhea said . 
 `` you think ? '' 
 robin said sarcastically . 
 `` what the hell was that thing ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i 've never seen anything like that before . '' 
 sophia added . 
 i turned to rhea expecting answers but her eyes never left the dark manhole . 
 `` we were almost eaten by those things . '' 
 i said . 
 `` if robin kept his cool , we could have avoided it . '' 
 marcus pointed the finger at robin . 
 `` i was doing something , unlike you who was flirting away with that thing . '' 
 robin shouted . 
 marcus face filled with rage . 
 i thought the two of them would have a fight right in front of me but rhea pushed out with her hands and sent the two of them flying in opposite directions . 
 `` enough ! '' 
 her voice roared . 
 `` we need to get back and report this , now . '' 
 there was silence among us . 
 we had failed our mission from the council and nearly gotten killed in the process . 
 rhea again grabbed my hand and we teleported away from the sewers and back to the safety of the underground bunker . 
 my feet touched the ground and the stench hit me like a punch to the stomach . 
 my eyes focused on the grisly scene in front of us . 
 blood splattered the walls along with screams echoing throughout the halls . 
 chapter six the runaways lay on the floor in a pool of their own blood . 
 deep slashes and bite marks littered their bodies , they died a horrible death . 
 i just stared at their bodies , their faces had frozen in their last moments of their life . 
 i had enough of seeing dead bodies , i wanted to be sick . 
 when will it end ? 
 marcus rushed down to a dead protector , did he know him ? 
 marcus slowly closed his glassy stare . 
 out the corner of my eye something was approaching fast . 
 it was a leach and it was heading straight for marcus . 
 `` marcus ! '' 
 i yelled . 
 he readied his weapon as it came charging in . 
 he ended its life with one quick swing . 
 more screams and shouts came from the sleeping quarters and other corridors . 
 it was a massacre and we were in the middle of it . 
 `` ellie , stay here , i need to go and get something . '' 
 rhea ran off leaving the four of us behind . 
 `` i 'm outta ' here , bye . '' 
 robin said as he ran through the halls looking for a quick exit . 
 `` wait . '' 
 i called . 
 `` coward . '' 
 shouted marcus . 
 i wanted to do something , to try and save these kids but was it too late . 
 i needed to do something . 
 i ran towards rhea , leaving behind sophia and marcus . 
 i came to a corridor with many blood stains across the white walls . 
 i ran passed the fallen residents and tried to find rhea as fast as i could . 
 as i rushed passed , something caught my eye . 
 i quickly hid myself behind the wall , thinking it was a leach looking for its next meal . 
 i slowly peered around the wall to see a leach crouched over something . 
 i came away from the wall to see the disgusting creature feeding on someone . 
 the wild unkempt hair gave it away . 
 the leach had killed amanda , and it was draining her dry . 
 i quietly stepped forward , hoping to catch it off guard . 
 i screamed my disgust at it and the creature was blown away crashing through a wall . 
 the small roof supporting us had taken a beating from my scream , i had to be careful with my powers , i did n't want to burry us , but it was worth it for amanda . 
 i took one look at her , her hair wet with her own blood , it covered half of her face but i still knew it was her . 
 the guilt tore into me . 
 i wished i was n't so hard on her . 
 none of them deserved this , nobody did . 
 why did this have to happen ? 
 `` ellie ? '' 
 said a voice behind me . 
 i turned around to be greeted by rhea who now held a strangely familiar large tome under her arm . 
 i just stared at her with tears forming in my eyes . 
 `` how could anyone do this ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i 'm sorry , ellie . '' 
 she replied . 
 i took off with rhea without looking back at the destruction the leaches had caused . 
 we returned to where sophia and marcus stood their ground against the many monsters . 
 `` where have you been ? '' 
 asked a pissed off marcus . 
 i tried not to meet his gaze with tears in my eyes but he could already see them . 
 sophia 's face lit up as she saw rhea . 
 more leaches came out from their hiding place and surrounded us with their blood covered talons , fresh from the kill . 
 marcus stepped forward brandishing his blade . 
 one leach made a quick grab for me but he killed it with one clean strike . 
 i was about to scream but i remembered about nearly burying myself . 
 my powers were useless . 
 they rushed at us , ready to taste us . 
 rhea 's bright light engulfed us , turning the leaches into ash one by one . 
 `` where were you ? '' 
 sophia asked with panic in her voice . 
 `` i had to get this . '' 
 rhea held out a large tome . 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 marcus asked . 
 `` it is something that can save us . '' 
 she explained . 
 it was the same book i saw in rhea 's house . 
 it must be very important if she willing to go through a crowd of leaches for it . 
 `` where 's robin ? '' 
 asked rhea . 
 no one spoke . 
 `` he ran away did n't he ? '' 
 the coward had run away with his tail tucked between his legs . 
 `` yeah , he saw the bodies and took off . '' 
 said sophia . 
 while we were caught up talking , a few leaches spotted us and headed our way . 
 `` enough about the book , what do we do ? '' 
 marcus shouted while cutting through the oncoming leaches . 
 i looked at rhea for her all-knowing advice . 
 her face was grim and colourless . 
 `` we leave . '' 
 she said . 
 `` what ?! '' 
 marcus asked with rage in his voice . 
 how can rhea leave them ? 
 did she really check for anyone that could be alive ? 
 `` are you sure , what about survivors ? '' 
 asked sophia . 
 rhea remained silent . 
 `` there may be people hiding , scared for their lives . '' 
 i tried to find a reason to go look for them but i knew there was no one else . 
 `` ellie , there 's nothing back there , but death you 've seen it with your own eyes . 
 we need to leave . '' 
 rhea 's voice was steady . 
 i looked over at marcus who was now walking back and forth seething with anger . 
 he was fighting for his fallen brothers , for their honor . 
 how could we leave ? 
 `` marcus , you need to come with us . '' 
 rhea said . 
 `` i will not leave , i will fight ! '' 
 he roared . 
 `` marcus , there 's nothing left . '' 
 whispered sophia . 
 she tried to put her hand onto his shoulder but he quickly shook it off . 
 he did n't want to know . 
 `` marcus ? '' 
 i called . 
 rhea walked up to the grief stricken young man and grabbed his hand , sophia and i quickly followed by holding onto her . 
 my stomach started to knot and i was pulled away from the bloody scene . 
 i could see marcus trying to fight rhea 's hold she had on him , but her grip was vice tight . 
 i landed on my feet this time , but i landed on hard cracked ground . 
 i was getting good at teleportation but this was no time for celebration . 
 marcus pulled away from rhea with a grunt . 
 `` why 'd you do that ?! '' 
 he asked . 
 `` you would have died , i saved you . '' 
 she answered . 
 `` that was n't your call . 
 i had sworn an oath to my brothers in arms . '' 
 `` i did n't want to see anymore protectors ' die . '' 
 she replied . 
 marcus walked away and i could feel his rage pulsing inside him . 
 he paced back and forth mumbling to himself and i wanted to tell him that everything was going to be ok , but how could i tell him that , after all the misery we had witnessed . 
 it would have been a lie , and i would convince no one of it . 
 i looked up into the sky and took a deep breath , i tried to forget what we all had witnessed , freezing cold air whipped around us with ice white clouds towering over us in the air . 
 it was a grim day and i felt it fit the mood . 
 `` where are we , rhea ? '' 
 sophia asked . 
 `` an old friend 's house , we were once sisters , but i have not seen her in some time now . '' 
 rhea explained . 
 `` will we be safe ? '' 
 sophia asked . 
 `` no where 's safe anymore . '' 
 marcus added . 
 i just stared at marcus as his face was formed into a grim sadness . 
 i wish i could have made him feel better , but what could i have done ? 
 i looked around . 
 we stood on muddy forest path leading up to a wooden bridge over looking a large river . 
 the bridge was connected to a large stone door that stood ten feet tall . 
 the sturdy stone wall surrounded whatever was inside , or to keep whatever was inside locked up . 
 rhea was first across the bridge . 
 i watched her effortlessly cross it with grace while i slowly crept my way along , fearing for my life with every step i took . 
 rhea waited for us to cross , she then stepped forward and placed her free hand onto the stone . 
 it responded to her touch as the stone wall crumbled away before her . 
 `` be ready for anything . '' 
 she said and quickly ushered us in . 
 the stone door reformed behind us locking us inside . 
 i looked up at the awe inspiring building that took my breath away . 
 the tall building was made entirely out of stone with balconies at every window . 
 each brick seemed to glow with its once sun kissed colour . 
 it looked like an enchanted castle that belonged in a fairy tale . 
 on the enchanted building it had four tall towers had tall spirals high up into the air . 
 it made me dizzy just looking up at it . 
 on this grey day , seeing this building was like a ray of hope . 
 rhea walked up the stone path that once looked like a garden but it was only now a shadow of its former self , overgrown , faded and grey . 
 nothing like the bright building that stood out amongst the drab dead garden . 
 `` who lives here ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` you 'll see soon enough . '' 
 she said `` but i do n't think she 'll be happy seeing me after all this time . '' 
 `` who 's is it rhea ? '' 
 sophia sounded suspicious . 
 she remained tight lipped on the subject . 
 it was n't like rhea to leave us in the dark . 
 the four of us walked through the dead garden until we reached one of the solid wooden doors . 
 we all stood still , wondering who would knock first . 
 then loud unlocking sounds came from behind the door and it opened welcoming us inside . 
 or at least i hoped . 
 rhea turned to me and gripped both my shoulder and looked deep into my eyes . 
 `` ellie , i need you more than ever . 
 will you stand by me whatever happens . '' 
 rhea spoke in hushed tones . 
 i had to think first . 
 why was rhea telling me this , did she know what was going to happen ? 
 `` yes , of course . '' 
 i finally answered . 
 rhea smiled at me and walked through the open door . 
 the rest of us followed inside . 
 i stayed close to rhea , hoping if things get too much we could make a quick exit . 
 darkness had filled throughout building , i felt something from the shadows like a thousand eyes all watching me at once . 
 there was nothing breath taking about the inside of the castle , it was run down with dust , destroyed paintings and cobwebs had made it its home . 
 i would have thought it was abandoned if not for the mysterious person who let us in . 
 there was no care put into it , unlike rhea 's amazing house , all polished and pristine . 
 or what it used to be before i destroyed it . 
 an eerie glow appeared on the top of the balcony casting an ebbing light on all what the destroyed hall had to offer . 
 the glow seemed to grow with each passing second as we all watched it descend in front of us . 
 i took a step back as the radiant light transformed into a tall raven haired woman . 
 she scanned the others and stopped onto rhea . 
 the raven haired woman 's face twisted with rage . 
 she walked up to rhea and slapped her across her perfect sculpted face . 
 sophia stepped forward but rhea held her . 
 `` i did n't expect to see you again . '' 
 the raven haired woman said . 
 `` we need your help , and i know i 'm the last person who should ask for it . '' 
 asked rhea . 
 `` so you come back begging for help . 
 i do n't know if you 're worth my time . '' 
 the woman seemed to take joy in teasing rhea . 
 `` naaz , please do not do this . '' 
 rhea added . 
 `` is that anyway to talk to your dear long lost friend ? '' 
 `` a lot has happened and we need your help . '' 
 `` yes , i have been watching you very closely , but i do n't know if i can trust you again . '' 
 the raven haired woman walked closer towards us and came into the dying light that was the sun . 
 she too was a sight of beauty , soft dark skin that was flawless with dark cherry coloured lips . 
 her eyes were dark , but with a hit of redness thrown in and they seemed to hold a lot of history behind them . 
 `` do n't play games naaz . '' 
 rhea said . 
 `` i 'm not doing anything , i 'm just - . . '' 
 the woman stopped mid sentence . 
 `` you ! '' 
 her eyes found mine and i felt terror rise inside my body like bile . 
 `` siren 's are forbidden ! '' 
 she said out loud . 
 the dark haired woman threw out her hand and my body was dragged towards her . 
 she lifted me in the air inches away from her face . 
 `` do you think you can deceive me ? 
 i could smell her miles away , the stink is all over her . '' 
 she spat . 
 `` rhea ! '' 
 i called out for her help . 
 she did not look my way . 
 she remained locked onto the dark beauty . 
 marcus rushed towards me but with a flick of the woman 's wrist he was sent spiraling off in the opposite direction . 
 `` stop it ! '' 
 i yelled . 
 she ignored me and continued to address rhea . 
 `` have you been naughty , rhea ? 
 you know siren 's are forbidden . '' 
 the woman giggled to herself and her eyes were truly terrifying . 
 she again waved her wrist and pain flooded through my body . 
 my muscles sized up as the pain wormed its way throughout my body . 
 i screamed out in agony while the woman laughed at my torment . 
 i tried to fight through the pain as best i could but it was a losing battle . 
 i wanted to call out to rhea i did n't have the energy . 
 `` that 's enough ! '' 
 rhea ordered . 
 `` remember your place ! '' 
 naaz spat . 
 rhea gathered a light that slowly coiled around her hand . 
 there was a look from naaz that could turn you flesh into stone . 
 she then released her hand and i fell to the floor . 
 marcus rushed towards me and bent down to pick me up but i filched away from him . 
 `` what is wrong with you ?! '' 
 marcus yelled at naaz but she ignored him and continued her icy stare towards her old friend . 
 rhea stared down at me and i did n't know what to say , i thought i could trust her but it was slowly fading away . 
 did she know this would happen ? 
 `` you may stay a few days , no more , no less . '' 
 naaz took one last look at me and walked away . 
 i picked myself up , hoping there was no internal damage . 
 rhea then held out her hand and i paused for a few seconds before grabbing it . 
 she helped me up and i felt her healing glow throughout my beaten body . 
 did she think that everything was ok ? 
 i get beaten while rhea stands back , and then she rushes in like everything is ok ? 
 i found my trust in her being eroded away . 
 i carried myself into the nearest room that luckily had a roaring fire . 
 i lowered myself into the nearest chair that was n't filthy and curled up into a ball and felt like crying , but i held it in as best i could . 
 the group shuffled in after me and started to talk in hushed tones . 
 `` what the hell was that about ? '' 
 whispered marcus . 
 `` i 'm sorry you all had to go through that . 
 it 's me that she is after and she 's trying to do it through you . '' 
 rhea explained . 
 i wanted to ignore her words . 
 i wanted to be alone . 
 `` are we safe here ? '' 
 marcus asked . 
 `` just leave it to me . '' 
 she replied . 
 `` but are we safe here ? '' 
 marcus asked again . 
 `` i hope so . '' 
 rhea finally answered . 
 `` are you ok ellie ? '' 
 sophia sat down onto the carpet next to the sofa . 
 `` i 'm fine . '' 
 i lied . 
 `` i 'm sorry you had to go through that , if there 's anything you need or if you want a chat i 'm here for you . '' 
 i did n't reply , i just wanted everything to stop and go back to my old life , where i got bullied for being different or worry about my english homework from mr. drop dead gorgeous . 
 that was a walk in the park compared to this . 
 i looked over at marcus . 
 he was too tense to sit , he just kept checking the windows for signs of trouble . 
 `` why did naaz do that to me ? '' 
 i finally asked . 
 rhea stood in the door with her back to us . 
 she gave out a great sigh and turned to me . 
 `` she still harbors a lot of hate towards me and she can tell i care much for you . '' 
 she said . 
 `` should i be worried about her ? 
 i do n't want to be watching my back all the time . '' 
 `` no , naaz is a loyal friend . '' 
 rhea replied . 
 `` loyal , you call that loyal ? '' 
 i could tell marcus was pissed . 
 `` she almost killed her . '' 
 `` it was a test , marcus . 
 please just calm down , we have been through a lot these past few hours . 
 we should get some rest . '' 
 `` i do n't think i can rest . '' 
 replied marcus . 
 i knew where he was coming from but my eyes burned with tiredness and with all the things we had seen today . 
 i tried to block out all of the horrible images in my mind . 
 the sofa was comfortable enough and i felt myself slip away . 
 i was brought back to the darkest pits of the dungeons , locked away from the light . 
 leaches filtered in and out of the room to feed on me every day like i was their private buffet until i would pass out from the pain . 
 that 's the life i led in my dreams . 
 broken and bruised , no one was coming for me and no one cared . 
 i was alone and the only friend i had was the oncoming darkness . 
 i woke up sweating , body cold and clammy . 
 looking over , marcus and sophia were still asleep , but there was no sign of rhea . 
 i quietly crept out of the room and into the dark and dusty hall . 
 i had a bad feeling about this place , darkness had taken up residence , and it was n't leaving anytime soon . 
 looking around the hall at night was terrifying , i felt like something would jump out and say `` boo '' but i ignored my childish thoughts and went on the lookout for rhea . 
 something caught my eye at the corner of the dark long hall . 
 rhea came out of the darkness as if she just said goodbye to an old friend . 
 she did n't notice me and i quickly hid myself behind a large broken statue that was chipped in many places . 
 i watched her , she looked worried . 
 rhea was always calm and composed , but not here . 
 this was a bad place and i did n't want to stay . 
 `` you do n't have to hide from me ellie . '' 
 her voice was dull and dry . 
 `` crap . '' 
 i whispered to the darkness . 
 i move myself away from the busted out statue and slowly walked over to her . 
 rhea did n't turn her back to greet me . 
 she remained quiet while looking out of the window . 
 `` can not sleep ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` you could say that . '' 
 i mumbled . 
 `` yes , it has been awful for you have n't it . '' 
 rhea said . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 i answered dryly . 
 `` ellie , i want to talk about what happened down in the sewers . '' 
 i did n't know what rhea was talking about until slowly i started to remember . 
 `` you 're talking about when i nearly had a breakdown ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 she answered . 
 `` i do n't know what happened , i felt as if i was back down in those dungeons again . 
 i do n't ever want to go back there . '' 
 `` i will not allow it , ellie . 
 but i am concerned about how this is talking its toll on you . '' 
 i did n't answer and i want to linger on the bad thoughts that held me back . 
 something inside me wanted to know what was going on , i wanted to blurt out everything that i was thinking but i held my tongue . 
 `` what 's going to happen to me ? '' 
 rhea did n't react to the question ; she continued to stare out of the window . 
 `` rhea ? '' 
 she took a deep sigh and answered . 
 `` to be honest , i do n't know . 
 after all that 's happened , i just do n't know anymore , i 'm sorry to say but i do n't have all the answers yet . '' 
 she had told me the honest truth . 
 my confidence in rhea was falling apart , slowly shattering into tiny pieces . 
 `` i do n't want this to be my life anymore ; i do n't want to keep running all the time . '' 
 `` we will find a way ellie , i promise you . '' 
 rhea turned to me and pulled me close to her . 
 `` thank you , rhea . '' 
 i squeezed her stone body tight , i felt safe when i was with rhea , but was it all a lie ? 
 was she the one dragging me into the danger ? 
 `` what 's inside that room you came out of ? '' 
 i pulled away from her and waited for her response . 
 `` i was talking with naaz , she knows everything . 
 she has agreed to shelter us , but i do n't think we should outstay our welcome . '' 
 that was fine with me . 
 i did n't want to be here anymore then i had to . 
 `` why did she hit you ? '' 
 the words just fell out of my mouth and i immediately felt awful . 
 `` rhea , i 'm sorry . '' 
 i tried to apologize . 
 `` it 's ok ellie . 
 we used to be sisters , well more than that , but that was a long time ago . 
 i was a different person back then , not what i am now . '' 
 `` what happened between you ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i felt i was going down the wrong path and it nearly destroyed me . '' 
 rhea eyes turned glassy , she was reliving the memories of her haunted past . 
 `` does she hate you ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i do n't know ellie , but we have to be careful around her . '' 
 rhea warned me . 
 `` is she dangerous ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` she can be , but i will be watching her very closely . '' 
 those words gave little comfort but i had no choice but to accept them . 
 `` rhea , what happened at the underground bunker ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i have failed them . 
 they 've just kept hitting us again and again . 
 we are not ready for them . '' 
 she replied . 
 `` that 's what scares me the most . '' 
 i replied . 
 `` me too , ellie . '' 
 she continued to look out of the window as if she was watching someone 's movements . 
 `` i think i 'm ready for bed now , '' i said . 
 `` yes , sleep well , and ellie , thank you for talking with me . '' 
 i left her in the hall as i made my way back to the room with the spitting fire . 
 sophia and marcus were still asleep , sophia took the other broken sofa while marcus laid on the floor among the many pillows . 
 i quietly crept back to my spot and tried to go back to sleep . 
 chapter seven `` should we wake her ? '' 
 someone whispered . 
 whispers awoke me from my sleep and i tried to block them out . 
 i grunted my annoyance . 
 `` no , leave her sleep , she 's been through enough . '' 
 another voice whispered . 
 `` come on , i 'm starving , hope she 's got some decent food . '' 
 ah crap . 
 my brain was now fully awake . 
 i sniffed the many aromas that drifted around . 
 it was food and it smelled great . 
 i rubbed the sleep out of my eyes and stretched my aching muscles . 
 sophia and marcus had gone and i jumped up from the sofa panicking . 
 my heart started to thump hard inside my chest . 
 had they left me ? 
 have they finally had enough ? 
 my tired legs rushed out into the hall only to hear voices . 
 i followed them to a large kitchen , where everyone was eating and chatting away . 
 `` morning , ellie . '' 
 said marcus , as he tucked in to his plate of meat . 
 sophia was also there and sitting next to her was rhea , but she was n't eating . 
 the three of them sat around an old wooden table that had many scuffs and dents . 
 i took a spot next to marcus who made enough room on the bench for me . 
 on the table was a small banquet of meats , breads and fruits . 
 different kinds of jams and jugs of juice filled the table . 
 i helped myself to some toast and a glass of fresh orange juice . 
 `` where did this all come from ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` naaz . '' 
 rhea replied . 
 `` finally , she has her uses . '' 
 added marcus . 
 `` did you all sleep well last night ? '' 
 asked rhea . 
 there were grumbles coming from sophia and marcus , looks like they did n't have the best night 's sleep either . 
 i remained quiet . 
 i did n't want to tell the others that rhea and i had a talk that night . 
 i think i 'd rather keep that between us . 
 `` so what is the plan then , rhea ? '' 
 marcus asked with a mouth full of food . 
 `` i need to confirm a few things , and then we will have a proper chat about what is going to happen . '' 
 she replied . 
 `` well something needs to be done , and we could really use your help ellie . '' 
 said sophia . 
 i could feel everyone 's eyes on top of me , but i ignored them and started spreading some strawberry jam onto my toast . 
 it felt ages since i had anything to eat , my stomach was completely empty , but with everything going on who could have an appetite after that ? 
 `` did you get any sleep then , rhea ? '' 
 asked marcus . 
 `` yeah , i did n't really see you around last night . '' 
 sophia added . 
 `` i had to deal with a few things , plus i do n't sleep much these days . '' 
 `` so did you enjoy sleeping on the floor , marcus ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` wait , were you watching me while i slept ? '' 
 he asked . 
 his accusations made me choke on my toast . 
 i coughed and quickly drank some orange just to try and clear it . 
 i turned to him with flushed cheeks ready to defend myself . 
 `` i never watched you sleep , you were snoring . '' 
 i said . 
 `` yeah , yeah , do n't try to deny it . '' 
 he laughed . 
 the four of us continued the banter back and forth like it was an ordinary day , but it all stopped when naaz entered the kitchen . 
 then there was silence . 
 it was as if for a moment time had stopped on our little debate . 
 she examined each and every one of us , but she took her time looking me up and down . 
 i returned her icy glare with one of my own . 
 `` please continue . '' 
 she said . 
 i watched her while she floated around the room . 
 naaz was beautiful , yet terrifying . 
 she was someone not to mess with . 
 we continued with our breakfast in silence , ignoring her presence . 
 `` how did you all sleep last night ? '' 
 she asked cheerfully . 
 no one replied . 
 `` naaz , we talked about this . '' 
 rhea said . 
 `` i am just being polite . '' 
 the dark skinned woman said . 
 `` we really need to talk about idina and her offspring . '' 
 rhea told her . 
 i looked up from my breakfast with interest . 
 `` yes that creature has been birthing those disgusting things all over the place , and barbus is using them like an army . '' 
 replied naaz . 
 with just hearing barbus 's name made a chill run up my spine . 
 `` she needs to be stopped , if she dies , no more army for barbus . '' 
 rhea said . 
 `` i do n't think we are ready to jump back down there , not what happened last time . '' 
 sophia said . 
 `` quiet , the grown-ups are talking . '' 
 naaz said spitefully . 
 sophia slammed down her hands on the table hard and walked out . 
 `` sophia , wait . '' 
 rhea rushed after her . 
 a cruel smile appeared on naaz 's lips . 
 there were just three of us in the kitchen now , and it felt awkward . 
 marcus continued to attack his breakfast while i swallowed the last piece of toast along with a last mouthful of orange juice . 
 i avoided her stare the best i could . 
 `` is there something going on i do n't know about ? '' 
 naaz asked . 
 oh god she 's going to say something horrible . 
 i prepared myself for her oncoming insults . 
 `` are you two a couple ? '' 
 she finally asked . 
 marcus and i just looked at each other and i could feel my cheeks flushing with colour . 
 `` no , we 're not . '' 
 said marcus . 
 `` what a shame . 
 i could take him off your hands if you want . '' 
 she said seductively . 
 marcus snapped up from the dinner table and gave naaz an evil look . 
 `` i will never be anyone 's plaything . '' 
 he said through gritted teeth . 
 he stomped out of the kitchen leaving me with her . 
 the encounter with idina must have a lasting impact on him , i did n't know that it bothered him that much . 
 now i was the only one left with naaz . 
 `` do you enjoy pissing people off ? '' 
 i asked after summing up the courage . 
 naaz disappeared from my sight and repapered right by my side . 
 she snatched at my throat and lifted me up out of my seat . 
 her grip was tight and i remained still . 
 `` i had a siren once , handy little thing she was . 
 maybe you could work for me ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` let me go . '' 
 i tried to say . 
 `` or i could just end it all for you ? 
 would you like that ? 
 you would never have to watch your back again . 
 you could be free . '' 
 she then brought me closer and whispered into my ear . 
 `` i could end you right now . '' 
 `` go ahead and try it . '' 
 i replied . 
 a deep fire took root behind naaz 's eyes and she was about to unleash it onto me . 
 she could have easily killed me if i stepped out of line and i think i just said `` screw the line . '' 
 her grip tightened around my throat i fought against her strength . 
 i could see the torment she brought me bring her some kind of twisted happiness . 
 something inside me snapped . 
 i was sick of being the weak timid kitten . 
 i used all the hatred i harbored deep down inside and screamed . 
 naaz lost her grip and she was thrown across the room smashing into the kitchen wall . 
 i stood my ground , no way was i just going to stand there and let her hurt me again . 
 naaz picked herself up with a smile across her dark lips . 
 with one raise hand the large wooden breakfast table took flight towards me . 
 -lrb- shit -rrb- . 
 my brain quickly tired to find an answer to the problem that came flying towards me . 
 i screamed at the table , making it explode into tiny splinters . 
 from the table fragments that showered around the room , naaz quickly made her move . 
 i did n't have time to think and i paid for it . 
 the air around me felt hot and exploded . 
 i quickly made a dive for the floor , narrowly missing the blast by inches . 
 `` what the hell is going on !? '' 
 demanded rhea . 
 i stood up and looked around , the kitchen was a disaster , many scorch marks stained the white walls and the doorway was blown wide open , scattering debris all around us . 
 `` are you trying to kill her !? '' 
 rhea yelled . 
 `` no , i would n't call it that , it 's just we were sparing . '' 
 she replied . 
 rhea rushed towards me and made sure i was n't hurt . 
 `` i 'm fine . '' 
 i said . 
 naaz brushed herself off and walked towards me . 
 `` you 've got some power little siren , be careful who you use it on . '' 
 naaz said as she left the kitchen . 
 `` wow ellie , you just took on a demi-god and survived . '' 
 marcus said . 
 i felt a rush of heat rush to my cheeks . 
 after that whole kitchen fight , i tried to keep my head down the best i could and avoid naaz as best i could , i did n't want another fight . 
 i do n't think the building could take another beating . 
 the group took up residence in the living room bit i decided not to follow them . 
 i wanted to check out the place . 
 `` ellie ? '' 
 rhea called . 
 oh crap . 
 i turned and faced her like a child that was about to be caught doing something naughty . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` i wanted to look around , i mean look at this place it 's like something out of a child 's story book . '' 
 i answered . 
 `` fine , but if you see naaz , keep on walking . '' 
 she said `` and do n't touch anything . '' 
 i agree to her terms and went off to explore the unknown of naaz 's home . 
 i climbed the dust covered stairs to the top and carried on forward where i saw naaz at the end of the hall for a brief second . 
 i was about to call out her name but rhea 's words came into my mind at the worst time . 
 i thought about going back down to the group , but i wanted to follow naaz , it was like as if she was beckoning me to follow her . 
 my instincts screamed at me to never go near that woman again , but something inside spurred me on . 
 i chased after her through the hallway , passing me by one by one were portraits of unknown people . 
 within the frame , large scratch marks had ripped right through the delicate paintings . 
 who would do this ? 
 finally continuing on , i came to a large glass door leading to the outside . 
 the door had many stained coloured pictures into the glass . 
 depicted onto it was a sea of bright red with a darkened figure at the top leading them against something else but the glass had broken , cutting off how the story ends . 
 i ignored it and pushed through the stained glass doors and it lead me out into another dead garden . 
 brown was the dominant colour of the long deceased garden . 
 as i walked down the stone stairs to get a look at the once majestic garden , something struck the side of the stairs , blasting smoke and stones up into the air . 
 i slipped on the last step and landed onto my back . 
 `` slippery little thing are n't you . '' 
 naaz commented . 
 i carefully picked myself up and saw naaz standing in her now long dead jungle . 
 `` what is wrong with you ? 
 why are you trying to kill me all the time ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` you mistake me , little one . 
 i 'm trying to teach you . '' 
 naaz replied . 
 `` you call that teaching ! '' 
 i said pointing to the destroyed stairs . 
 `` if i am to help you , i want to make sure you know of your full abilities . '' 
 naaz raised her arm and i quickly dived across the garden , taking refuge behind a large stone fountain that held green mossy water . 
 `` you can not hide all your life , ellie ! '' 
 naaz yelled . 
 she 's right . 
 i can not hide from all my problems all my life . 
 naaz struck the fountain again and again tempting me to move . 
 i quickly threw myself around the beaten up fountain and screamed , tearing up the concrete floor . 
 i had surprised her , sending naaz rolling up into the air and finally falling into a dead flower bed . 
 `` sorry ! '' 
 i yelled while trying to suppress a giggle . 
 within a blink of an eye , she was back up on her feet as if nothing has happened . 
 she stared at me and smiled her frightening grin . 
 `` how was that ? '' 
 i asked sarcastically . 
 `` good , but i want you to do more . '' 
 she said . 
 more ? 
 what more could i do ? 
 `` i did tell you that i had a siren ? 
 yes ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` yeah , you did , when you were trying to strangle me ! '' 
 i replied . 
 naaz gave me a sly smile and ignored the comment . 
 `` well , she used to do things for me . 
 the little siren would use her powers and lure many people here that we used . '' 
 i did n't want to hear her talk anymore . 
 `` that 's enough , i do n't want to know . '' 
 i said . 
 `` fine with me , but siren 's can influence without even touching , and that my dear i want you to do . '' 
 `` but i 've never done anything like that before . 
 how do i do it ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` close your eyes and concentrate . '' 
 she said . 
 i did as she said and closed my eyes . 
 did she want me to do anything else ? 
 i felt stupid , standing with my eyes shut tight . 
 `` naaz ? '' 
 i called out but she did n't answer . 
 should i open them ? 
 `` let go , what are you do - . '' 
 said a voice . 
 `` ellie ? '' 
 i opened my eyes up to see marcus standing next to naaz . 
 `` what are we doing out here ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` training . '' 
 said naaz . 
 `` now , ellie , make marcus fall in love with you , while you are over there . '' 
 `` are you nuts ? '' 
 marcus yelled . 
 `` i 'm not doing that ! '' 
 i said . 
 `` you need to , you might need it one day . '' 
 she replied . 
 `` it could go wrong and i do n't want to hurt him . '' 
 `` look , she said she not doing it now can i go back inside . '' 
 he said . 
 naaz gripped his arm as he walked off . 
 `` do n't you want to help ellie ? '' 
 she asked him . 
 marcus did n't say anything , he looked at naaz and then at me . 
 `` fine . '' 
 he said . 
 `` good . '' 
 naaz smiled . 
 `` but what if it goes wrong and - . '' 
 she cut me off . 
 `` it wo n't , now close your eyes and try to call upon that power you have inside you . '' 
 i closed my eyes again and tried to call upon any power that i had inside me . 
 something pierced through the darkness of my mind and a figure of a man came towards me . 
 it was marcus , something was n't right with him . 
 his eyes adopted a glassy stare and i did n't like what i was seeing , i did n't like seeing him like that . 
 i wanted the image gone from my mind and quickly opened my eyes . 
 marcus was now standing arms length from me with the same stare i pictured in my mind . 
 `` mistress ? '' 
 he said nonchalantly . 
 he swayed on the spot , waiting for his commands . 
 `` turn him back , please naaz . '' 
 i begged . 
 she nodded and placed a hand to his chest , within a few minutes he blinked and returned to life . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , marcus . '' 
 i said . 
 `` it 's ok , i did it for you . '' 
 he said as he rubbed his forehead . 
 `` are you ok ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` just a little headache that 's all . '' 
 he replied . 
 `` i 'm very impressed , ellie . '' 
 said naaz . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 i mumbled to her . 
 naaz disappeared back into the building leaving marcus and i alone . 
 `` i 'm sorry i did that to you . '' 
 i said . 
 `` i 'm a little in awe and a bit scared of what you can do . 
 when i was under it felt like i was trapped , my body was moving but i could n't stop it . '' 
 he said . 
 `` that 's horrible . '' 
 i said . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 he replied . 
 `` i 'm going back inside now . '' 
 i mumbled . 
 `` come on , i 'll walk you back . '' 
 marcus said . 
 chapter eight that afternoon we remained in the living room with the warm glow of the fire . 
 the four of us remained silent as we sat . 
 we were all lost , we were stuck . 
 i could n't find a way out of this mess and everyone was looking to me because i was the ` golden child ' . 
 rhea was silent and not her usual self , she had her nose in that book that she brought along with her . 
 i picked myself up from the floor and went over to rhea , whose eyes were rapidly scanning each of the pages . 
 `` what are you reading ? '' 
 i asked her . 
 rhea quickly snapped the book shut . 
 `` a very old story . '' 
 she replied . 
 `` i 've seen that book before . 
 you were reading it at your house . '' 
 i said . 
 `` you have quite the memory , ellie . 
 this is a very special book . '' 
 `` what so special about it ? '' 
 i sat down at her knee like a little child hoping for a bedtime story . 
 `` this book has no words . '' 
 she said . 
 i was confused , no words ? 
 `` if it has no words , then how do you read it ? '' 
 i confusedly asked . 
 rhea gave a little giggle . 
 `` no it does n't , but it is a very special book none the less . 
 it lets you speak to very important people . '' 
 rhea gently stroked the book as if a loveable pet . 
 `` would i be able to talk to them ? '' 
 whoever they are . 
 `` sorry , ellie , it would destroy your mind . 
 but hopefully , in time i can teach you . '' 
 `` how ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` touch the book . '' 
 rhea passed the battered tome towards me and i could feel the power flowing into my body , quickening my heartbeat . 
 it was something i had never felt before , not even when i touch rhea for the first time . 
 it made my entire body shiver with power . 
 my body seemed to feed from it and i wanted more , but i quickly gave it back to rhea . 
 `` did you feel it ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` i 've never felt that kind of power before . '' 
 i replied . 
 `` not many people can stand its power , but this is what will end it all , ellie . '' 
 `` a book ? '' 
 i asked doubtfully . 
 `` yes . '' 
 rhea replied . 
 the book that she caressed in her lap did n't look much , but whatever it was harnessed great power . 
 `` you think this book could stop everything that is happening ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` yes , i 'm sure of it . '' 
 was i about to put all of my faith in a book ? 
 if rhea held so much faith in one single tome then maybe i should too , but lately my trust in her was fading away but i had no choice but to trust her . 
 `` rhea , will naaz really help us ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i hope she does , but she has held onto a lot of anger . '' 
 rhea then let out a sigh . 
 `` well , i hate to say it but she is powerful and we may need her . '' 
 i said . 
 `` i 'm surprised to hear you say that ellie , since she has attacked you twice . '' 
 said rhea . 
 `` i think that 's why we need her , because she 's dangerous . 
 she can get things done . '' 
 `` hopefully , she will help us in the end . '' 
 rhea said . 
 `` yes , but will she need a bit more convincing ? '' 
 `` no , she does n't , but when it all comes down to it i hope she decides to stand with us . '' 
 `` you 'd think she 'd betray us , even though she 's your friend ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` well , friend is a bit of a stretch , but whatever we had between us , i hope that she still feels something for what we once had . '' 
 rhea said . 
 there was odd silence between us . 
 something i could n't put my finger on , was rhea judgment being clouded by naaz . 
 since coming here she was not herself . 
 naaz then floated into the warm cozy room and eyed us . 
 she then stopped at rhea and jerked her head towards the door . 
 rhea agreed and walked out of the room with her . 
 sophia and i gave each other a , ` what 's - going-on-look . ' 
 there was silence in the room . 
 marcus had decided to sit in the window again , watching the rain splatter on the rooftops , it seems he looked a bit hypnotized by it all . 
 sophia took a seat next to the glowing fire and i took an empty spot on the rug beside her . 
 we both sat and stared into the spitting furnace . 
 as i continued to stare , the flames seemed to dance endlessly inside the fireplace . 
 we were captivated by its amber flames . 
 a few minutes past in pure silence , waiting for rhea 's return . 
 she came back into the room and ushered us to follow her . 
 the three of us walked out of the warm room and out into the bitter coldness that was the dark hall . 
 naaz stood firmly in the middle of her cold dusty home . 
 her eyes locked onto mine as i walked closer . 
 -lrb- oh god what is she thinking now ? -rrb- 
 `` we need to act now . 
 the leaches are running around killing innocent civilians and they will expose us if they continue . '' 
 naaz 's voice was cold . 
 `` what can we do , we could n't even get close to her last time . '' 
 marcus spoke . 
 `` true , but you did n't have this . '' 
 naaz pulled out a glass orb that swirled with a bright light in her hand . 
 the radiant rays escaped the ball and headed straight into my chest . 
 my body ebbed with a warm feeling , soon it started to spread throughout , tingling my fingers and toes . 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 asked sophia . 
 `` this is called a wisp . '' 
 naaz replied . 
 `` how did you get this ? '' 
 rhea was in awe . 
 my head became fuzzy and heavy , the tingling sensation continued to spread and i felt fluffy and light . 
 it was n't a horrible feeling , but a nice one . 
 i felt calm , self confident and slowly i could feel my body rising up off the ground , or what it felt like it . 
 `` it 's just a glass orb , it does n't look like much . '' 
 said marcus . 
 were they not seeing what i was seeing ? 
 the bright orb seemed to glow with a rhythm , like a heartbeat . 
 was this thing alive ? 
 `` it 's part of her . '' 
 naaz pointed at me and the gang turned towards me and their faces lit up . 
 `` ellie , you 're glowing . '' 
 sophia cried . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i looked down at my hands . 
 they were right , i was glowing as if someone had flipped a light switch on inside of me . 
 naaz took a step forward and placed the glass orb into my hand . 
 as soon as my fingers touched the heavy glass , a fierce wind gathered around me , throwing my hair up into the calm storm . 
 everyone took a step back , hoping to avoid the power i commanded . 
 the orb in my hands warmed my entire body , fueling me with energy i had never felt before , not even rhea 's book felt like this . 
 as i squeezed the orb tightly , more power flowed up through my hands . 
 the wind then died around me and i was in amazement . 
 `` what the hell was that ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` that orb you hold in your hands is part of you , part of your history '' naaz explained . 
 `` it 's made with siren magic , their blood . '' 
 `` what !? '' 
 the room erupted into gasps . 
 `` blood ? '' 
 this thing i held in my hand was made from siren blood ? 
 `` yes , siren magic is very powerful , you 're handy little creatures when you want to be . '' 
 naaz explained . 
 i gave naaz a disgruntled look and stared down at the orb . 
 as i tightly gripped the orb with both hands , the warm power swirled around my fingers , until a warm wave pulsed around the room , engulfing us in its gentle glow , giving everyone 's skin a bright shine . 
 `` did everyone feel that just now ? '' 
 marcus asked . 
 `` i have n't felt like that in years . '' 
 rhea said . 
 `` yeah , it was like a warm hug . 
 was that you , ellie ? '' 
 sophia asked . 
 i shrugged at the question . 
 `` so will this help ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` indeed it will . 
 you will use it to fight off the darkness and keep away those foul leaches . '' 
 rhea replied . 
 `` we need to go back in . '' 
 naaz said . 
 `` are you nuts ? 
 we almost died in there . 
 ellie almost did n't make it . '' 
 marcus said . 
 `` marcus is right , naaz , it 's too dangerous to go in there . '' 
 agreed rhea . 
 `` it 's on council orders ; you know their word is law . '' 
 naaz answered . 
 `` the council ? '' 
 sophia asked . 
 `` that 's bad . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` if the council says to do something you do it . '' 
 marcus sighed . 
 `` really ? '' 
 `` yep . '' 
 he replied . 
 `` we need to finish this then . '' 
 i said . 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 marcus asked . 
 `` i always thought that we 'd have to go back in sooner than later , and i just want it over and done with . '' 
 i replied . 
 `` ok . '' 
 sophia added . 
 `` the council knows about your little siren , rhea . 
 they are not happy that you deceived them . '' 
 naaz 's cold words struck hard with her . 
 `` what have you done ?! 
 you told them about ellie ? '' 
 rhea 's voice was rough and angry . 
 `` do you think i did this on purpose ? 
 they feel you are not fit to conduct this mission . '' 
 naaz answered . 
 `` so they asked you ?! '' 
 rhea asked `` i 'm the only one who can finish this , you had your chance . 
 after this is done they want to see you . '' 
 rhea paused and quietly thought to herself . 
 `` you have deliberately manipulated the situation for your selfish needs ! '' 
 shouted rhea . 
 `` you are still too young and inexperienced ; i will be taking over and after all of this is finished , the council wants to meet the siren . '' 
 naaz looked in my direction . 
 `` rhea ? '' 
 i looked to her for answers . 
 `` we will sort everything out when we get back , do n't worry . '' 
 rhea assured me . 
 `` well , are we ready ? '' 
 naaz asked . 
 `` what , now ? '' 
 `` it 's the perfect time , they wo n't see it coming . '' 
 naaz said . 
 `` as much as i hate to agree with naaz , she 's right , it 's the perfect time . '' 
 marcus agreed with her . 
 `` ellie , we have no choice . '' 
 sophia sadly said . 
 i nodded to them . 
 that was the last place i wanted to go , i hated that place along with the creatures that inhabited the disgusting sewers . 
 i stood over next to rhea and took hold of her hand . 
 i stole a glance at her face , it was covered with worry and doubt . 
 i had a feeling that things were not going to go well for any of us . 
 the group formed a circle and i was lifted from the ground and thrown to our stomach churning destination . 
 we arrived in the dead of night , while the full moon shined down its white light on us . 
 i expected to land at the same place where we escaped , but this place was new to me . 
 i tried to look through the darkness but not even the moon 's light could penetrate its dark aura . 
 something evil had taken root here and we all knew what it was . 
 i could almost reach out and touch it . 
 `` this is n't the place . '' 
 whispered marcus . 
 `` they 've moved around quickly and we were lucky just to learn of this location . '' 
 naaz whispered back . 
 while they whispered back and forth i felt the wisp in my cold hands glow with ebbing light , its gentle glow warmed my hands in the cold dark night . 
 i could feel its warmth gentle embrace bring me a little comfort . 
 `` rhea ! '' 
 sophia pointed towards something in the dark . 
 `` something is moving out there . '' 
 we all looked at the spot sophia pointed to in the dark , something was out there , moving . 
 rhea walked towards the darkness and stood there for a few minutes before waving her hand sending black ash up into the wind . 
 `` we must be close . '' 
 rhea said as the ash flowed behind her . 
 naaz took off without warning down the hill and into the darkness that was night . 
 `` should n't we stick together ? '' 
 asked sophia . 
 `` she 's going to get herself killed . '' 
 marcus whispered . 
 we all followed naaz down the muddy hill and found a worn out sewer gate . 
 naaz snatched at the gate and threw it to one side with ease . 
 she was the first to enter the darkness , leaving the rest of us out in the cold . 
 `` ellie , are you ready ? '' 
 asked rhea . 
 i swallowed a hard lump in my throat and answered . 
 `` yes . '' 
 i followed behind rhea into the tunnel . 
 the memories came flooding back of the creatures and the failed assassination of the snake woman . 
 there was no going back this time , we had to finish this or we would die or worse , chained up to a wall and left to die . 
 i can not believe i was down here again , i hope this time it was worth it . 
 the orb in my hands lit up the bleak red stained tunnels . 
 all the horrors of the sewers were on display for all to see . 
 scratch marks covered the walls along with unknown stains . 
 bloody hand prints were dotted all around . 
 what had happened here ? 
 i carefully made my way through the massive amount of slime that covered along the tunnel floor . 
 naaz did n't wait for us . 
 she had rushed through the maze of tunnels as if she knew the way . 
 `` can someone tell her to slow down ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` she 's going to get us all killed . '' 
 whispered marcus . 
 rhea ignored our pleas and carried on through the rusty tunnel . 
 we turned a corner that led deeper into the system of tunnels . 
 we were now ankle deep into the murky water again . 
 my shoes were soaking and i could feel the water slowly filling them up . 
 `` no this again , that 's two pairs of shoes you owe me now . '' 
 whispered sophia . 
 `` do n't worry , i 'll buy you any amount of shoes , now get going . '' 
 rhea replied . 
 `` those were good shoes too . '' 
 i added . 
 rhea shushed us and we all stopped . 
 she turned to me and pointed at the glowing orb in my hands . 
 now was the time , i held the ball up into the air hoping it would work -lrb- come on work -rrb- . 
 we all had our hopes resting on this one glass paperweight . 
 marcus took a space next to me and readied his sword . 
 shuffling noises echoed down the tunnel , my guess was that there were a few leaches around the conner . 
 rhea stepped forward and caught their attention , they hissed and charged at us . 
 `` now , ellie . '' 
 rhea yelled . 
 as if the orb knew what to do , it started to pulse a light around the tunnel . 
 the leaches screamed and scampered away from the light as it burned their skin . 
 `` it 's working ! '' 
 sophia yelled . 
 `` the light will always banish the darkness . '' 
 said rhea . 
 `` wow , i can not believe it actually worked . '' 
 i looked down at the glass orb as its light retreated back into its self as if sleeping . 
 `` it 's all down to you now , ellie . '' 
 marcus said . 
 i turned to him with glowing cheeks . 
 we continued down the dirty tunnels after naaz . 
 where the hell was she ? 
 doubts entered my mind and i tried to get rid of them , but when everyone is counting on you , it 's hard not to be filled with dread . 
 i would try get rid of one , then another would appear to take its place . 
 my head was just going round in circles and i hated it . 
 `` do you think we 'll fail again ? '' 
 i asked marcus . 
 `` i hope not , i do n't think we 'll get another chance again . '' 
 he replied . 
 `` we have rhea and naaz here this time , so i feel a little bit safe . '' 
 `` i 'm not too sure about her though , she seems devious to me , look at what she did to you . '' 
 marcus said . 
 marcus had brought back one of my memories . 
 the pain , that 's all i could , and would remember . 
 her sadistic smile would haunt me forever . 
 `` i know , i know . 
 i hate to say it , but for now we need her . '' 
 `` yeah i guess you 're right , but i 'll still keep an eye on her , for you . '' 
 `` thanks . '' 
 i shyly said . 
 from the corner of my eye i could feel marcus 's eyes glued to me , what was he looking at ? 
 `` let 's just get this over with . '' 
 i whispered to him . 
 loud voices swept through the tunnels , we were getting close . 
 the nerves had kicked in and i tried to calm myself . 
 the orb in my hand could almost feel my nerves and it pulsated its warm glow through my body , energizing it . 
 rhea listened to the voices and without warning pulled away from the group leaving the three of us hanging back . 
 `` rhea ? '' 
 i whispered . 
 she held out her hand and stopped us , we stood our ground and she disappeared around the corner . 
 the voice 's soon acknowledged rhea 's presence and began to talk like old friends . 
 chapter nine my heart started to pound in my chest , and with being so close to marcus did n't help ether , both of us covered in sweat . 
 marcus was tightly wound and he was ready to charge in at any moment . 
 sophia 's face had many mud streaks across her face with sweat beading onto her forehead , we were all tired and worn out , and i was not cut out for this . 
 i belonged in a world where i was in school dreading about failing my exams not worrying about monsters trying to kill me . 
 we all tried to listen in on the conversation , but sadly there was nothing to learn . 
 `` should we charge in or something ? '' 
 i asked nervously . 
 `` i do n't think that 's a good idea , rhea can handle it . '' 
 replied sophia . 
 `` maybe we should charge in . '' 
 said marcus . 
 the voices were getting louder and i think they were arguing about something . 
 i had to do something . 
 i stepped away from the wall and sprinted after rhea . 
 i tried to ignore marcus and sophia calling me back , but i wanted to finish this , no i needed to finish it . 
 i quickly stopped myself when i saw the large serpent woman again . 
 her eyes opened with shock and bewilderment . 
 `` so you 've finally brought her to me to make up for your passed mistake ? '' 
 her voice seemed to have harshness to it . 
 `` this is ellie . '' 
 spoke naaz . 
 `` yes , the siren , we 've met before . '' 
 it said . 
 rhea quickly put herself in-between the creature and i. before i could speak or try to . 
 loud footsteps pounded the floor behind me . 
 marcus came to my side with his sword raised . 
 the snake woman quickly slithered up to her perch on higher ground . 
 `` lie 's , it 's nothing but lies . '' 
 the creature screamed . 
 `` come to me my children . '' 
 shrill screams and loud wailing came from every direction and every entrance , leaches came flooding in to protect their mother . 
 `` ellie , now ! '' 
 shouted rhea . 
 i knew what to do . 
 with both hands i clasped the orb and tried to channel my power . 
 i thought back to when i could burst with energy . 
 i let it grow and fester until i was ready to release it . 
 the heat intensified around me , i was ready to explode . 
 around me i could hear screams and whizzing noises fly past . 
 rhea was shouting orders to the others , making sure that i was protected . 
 my body tingled all over until i could not stand it anymore . 
 i opened my eyes and let out a wave of power . 
 it traveled away from the orb , making its way to each of the leaches , blackening their skin before finally , turning them into ash on the spot . 
 some of them tried to escape but they were consumed by the white wave . 
 `` no ! 
 my babies ! '' 
 screamed idina . 
 the snake woman tried to make her escape but naaz lifted up her arm and darkness snaked from her fingertips . 
 the dark energy found it target and slashed at idina 's bare flesh many times causing her to flail and fall to the floor in pain . 
 her skin had deep gashes with crimson blood trickling from the many wounds . 
 she laid on the floor screaming and writhing in agony as naaz 's power repeatedly cut deep into her skin . 
 `` stop it ! '' 
 i screamed . 
 naaz turned to me , her face was full of glee . 
 she enjoyed the pain she inflicted . 
 `` she needs to die . '' 
 naaz said through gritted teeth . 
 `` not like this , this is torture . '' 
 naaz dismissed the darkness and turned to me , idina made her move she saw her chance and quickly sprung towards me . 
 her strong hand snatched at my throat and lifted me up into the air , leaving me gasping for breath . 
 `` no ! '' 
 marcus charged forward but with one flick of her large tail , he was sent hurtling towards the wall . 
 rhea was about to do something with her hands but she stopped when idina increased her grip onto my throat . 
 `` let her go ! '' 
 shouted rhea . 
 `` come any closer and i 'll snap your pretty pet 's neck . '' 
 it spat . 
 i gripped onto her strong arm to see if i could influence her . 
 her skin was dead cold and i could feel my body vibrate with her power . 
 i closed my eyes and tried to go deeper . 
 her hate for rhea and naaz was unimaginable . 
 it was so strong , i could almost feel myself growing mad . 
 i delved deeper into her memories . 
 something was calling to me , asking me to dive into the many memories that lay before me . 
 idina was once mortal . 
 i could see into her memories living a normal life with her friends and her sister , a siren . 
 they were close and she did everything for her younger sister . 
 i tried to learn more but something fought against my control , something that she did n't want me to see . 
 naaz 's face appeared inside her mind with her signature sick smile . 
 `` yes , siren , look at what your so-called protectors did to an innocent young girl . '' 
 idina opened up more of her memories to me and rhea and naaz were at the root of it all , all that anger and rage , they were the reason . 
 they had turned her into the monster , that same monster that had a tight grip onto my throat . 
 i was then pulled out of the memories and back into the dark tunnels with idina still gripping onto my throat . 
 her eyes were cold , lacking any sympathy . 
 `` you see siren , that 's what they are . 
 they are the real monsters . 
 i tried to protect her from them . 
 they used her and that 's what they 'll do to you ! '' 
 she gripped my throat even tighter and i could feel myself slipping away . 
 i tried to control her but my strength slowly drained away . 
 `` let her go ! '' 
 rhea ordered . 
 the creature then paused for a moment . 
 `` if i devour your little pet siren i ... . '' 
 a loud whizzing noise shot towards us , and exploded on impact cutting off her words . 
 idina lost her grip and i was thrown away from her . 
 the once mortal girl cried out in pain . 
 naaz and rhea stood over her , watching while idina struggled for her last breaths . 
 `` just do it . 
 there 's nothing else you can do to me ! '' 
 idina said . 
 i picked myself up , and pain stabbed at me . 
 i watched in horror as rhea and naaz moved in on their kill . 
 `` no ! '' 
 i shouted but my words went unheeded . 
 naaz stepped forward and with a swift motion of her hand , idina was dead . 
 blood seeped from dying corpse and into the ground . 
 i had seen what they had done to her , they were the monsters not her . 
 idina was just trying to protect her sister and got turned into a monster because of it . 
 i remained on the cold floor trying to come to terms with everything i had just witnessed . 
 `` let 's go . '' 
 ordered naaz . 
 rage fueled me . 
 the orb i reclaimed in my hand became hotter and i gripped it tightly until it burned . 
 she does n't even care , neither does rhea . 
 without saying a word to anyone , we found our way back through the tunnels . 
 there was no joy to be had from this , even if the threat was gone from my life i would always remember . 
 there we no leaches left to hinder our escape , had i done the right thing ? 
 were we the bad guys ? 
 i tried to ignore the nagging questions and continued up with the rest back up to the surface , my rage still bubbling away until i felt i could explode . 
 fresh air hit me like and i welcomed it . 
 i took a deep breath to try and calm myself but it did n't work . 
 my mind bouncing with questions that i needed answers to . 
 i needed to say something . 
 `` so that was your dark past you were talking about ? '' 
 i asked . 
 everyone stopped and looked at me . 
 `` yes , ellie and i am not proud of it . '' 
 rhea replied . 
 `` but she is ! '' 
 i pointed at naaz . 
 naaz replied with a sick smile . 
 `` why did you do that to an innocent girl , she was just trying to save her sister . '' 
 `` what ?! '' 
 marcus looked confused . 
 `` rhea ? '' 
 sophia said confusedly . 
 `` i saw her memories , she was just an innocent scared girl ! '' 
 my voice started to grow hoarse . 
 `` she was far from innocent as you say , she was going to the council about my siren . '' 
 naaz said . 
 `` so that 's it ? 
 you were scared of your toys being taken away , you disgust me ! '' 
 i yelled . 
 my anger seemed to guide my words , anything that came to mind was thrown from my mouth . 
 `` watch your words , child . '' 
 she warned . 
 `` or what you 'll try to kill me again ? '' 
 `` try ! 
 if you want to die , just say the word ? '' 
 `` naaz , you touch her and you 'll have me to deal with ! '' 
 rhea said . 
 `` uh ellie , the orb , it 's getting brighter . '' 
 marcus said . 
 i looked down at the glowing ball , it was glowing an angry red and i could feel the heat growing stronger from it but my anger blocked it out . 
 rhea turned back to me , she tried to calm down the situation . 
 `` ellie please understand , that 's not who i am anymore . '' 
 `` she 's changed now ellie , she 's good . '' 
 sophia said . 
 my anger was now redirected . 
 `` what would you know , you just follow whatever she says , for all i know you could have been by her side when she did it ! '' 
 `` that 's lies and you know it is , she has changed and i know she feels guilty for even doing it ! '' 
 `` you 're lying ! '' 
 i yelled . 
 `` ellie , that 's enough ! '' 
 marcus said . 
 `` you can shut it , always following ellie like a love sick puppy , you make me sick ! '' 
 sophia was now caught up with my anger . 
 `` now that 's enough ! '' 
 rhea asked for peace but she was n't getting it . 
 `` this is all your fault , you dragged me into this . 
 i did n't ask for any of this crap ! '' 
 `` i saved you from those leaches and you were in danger and still are . '' 
 she said . 
 `` i bet you sent those leaches after me , just so you could save the day ! '' 
 i said . 
 `` lies , i saved you . '' 
 rhea replied . 
 `` so you keep saying , but i bet you just wanted a siren all for yourself , is that what i am to you people , a prize to be won ? '' 
 i yelled . 
 `` prize ! 
 you think so highly of yourself do n't you ? '' 
 naaz added . 
 `` that 's enough ! '' 
 rhea yelled . 
 i could trust no one anymore , they were all against me . 
 using me for their own selfish needs . 
 the orb in my hands burned with heat , my hatred was feeding the orb . 
 i screamed in pain and dropped down to my knees . 
 the orb was slowly burning into my flesh . 
 `` drop it , ellie ! '' 
 rhea called out . 
 i could n't it let go . 
 the heat flowed inside my body and made my blood boil . 
 the orb released a wave of power that sent the others flying off their feet . 
 the fierce wind was back and i was in the eye of the storm . 
 i was trapped while the orb burned into my skin . 
 horrible voices screamed at me from the orb , telling me that i had killed them . 
 the voices picked up and more screaming pierced my ears . 
 the screams now mimicked each other . 
 `` stop it , stop it ! '' 
 i screamed . 
 the wind grew faster around me and i was scared . 
 `` r-rhea ! '' 
 i tried to shout . 
 the voice gathered in the air and screamed with their wailing voices . 
 the orb grew uncontrollably hot and shattered in my hands releasing more tortured cries for help . 
 the tiny white orbs of light flew into the air and circled around me with the wind while still calling for help . 
 rhea scrambled to her feet . 
 `` ellie ! '' 
 she screamed . 
 `` it 's the sirens , they 've escaped ! '' 
 naaz called out . 
 rhea brought her hand forward and tried to blast it with her own light but the wailing barrier of sirens absorbed rhea 's failed attack . 
 `` protect the siren , protect her . '' 
 the words of the souls echoed each other . 
 the screaming had stopped , but the wind around began to pick up speed , and a blur of white had surrounded me . 
 the bright balls of light had stopped in mid-air , one at a time they came closer towards me and i tried to bat them away but my hand would go straight through them . 
 `` we have to do something ! '' 
 marcus tried to say over the wailing winds . 
 each orb passed into my body and i felt the agony and the pain that they felt while living . 
 each filled with a soul , giving me feelings of doubt , anger , doubt , fear , and sorrow . 
 their own memories blurred into one and i could not tell between mine and theirs . 
 i could not take the pain anymore , i screamed out and the wind around me disappeared . 
 i could feel the souls each fighting for the right to control my body and i was fighting back , but they were slowly winning . 
 `` no ! 
 get out ! '' 
 i screamed . 
 the others rushed towards me and i shouted for them to get back . 
 i could not hold it in any longer . 
 someone was controlling my body . 
 it was like i was watching a different person and not myself . 
 rhea slowly walked towards me and i screamed inside for them to run . 
 `` protect the siren . '' 
 the voices screamed . 
 someone made my hands move and a bright light escaped , and knocked rhea high into the air . 
 `` stop it . '' 
 i screamed inside my head . 
 `` leave her alone . '' 
 `` rhea ! '' 
 yelled sophia . 
 naaz was about to move but my body was quicker to react . 
 another bright light came from my hands and exploded . 
 naaz was sent spiraling through the air and landed hard on her back along with rhea . 
 `` stop it , ellie ! '' 
 shouted marcus . 
 my head turned into the direction of sophia and marcus , they showed true fear across their faces . 
 they stood together , hoping to stand their ground against me . 
 `` bow before us . '' 
 the voices said . 
 `` stop this ! '' 
 sophia yelled . 
 `` if you do not bow , then you will join them . '' 
 the words came out of my mouth but they were not mine . 
 sophia quickly put up her barrier , protecting marcus and herself . 
 both of my hands were forced out . 
 jets of blinding light were sent forth towards sophia 's barrier , the wave of light covered over her barrier hoping to find a way in . 
 something inside me laughed as i watched her struggle against the power . 
 i could see sophia battle against the tide but i was powerless to do anything but watch . 
 within seconds her barrier soon shattered around her , leaving sophia and marcus defenseless . 
 she stood there with her face full of horror . 
 marcus quickly placed himself in front of sophia , baring my path . 
 `` no not them ! '' 
 i screamed . 
 i fought for control for my own body but they were n't letting go . 
 each of the sirens wanted a turn at my body like i was a brand new toy for them to play with . 
 i fought against each of them and i could feel their influence disappearing . 
 sophia took her chance and ran towards rhea along with marcus . 
 i screamed and the ground cracked around me . 
 my body began to tremble from the force of the scream , i kept on going and i could feel their grip fading away . 
 my vision had grown darker and my head felt heavy but i had to keep going . 
 one at a time the souls drifted away from my body , i had won . 
 i inhaled deeply , i had finally had control of my body . 
 the scream had drained me of all of my strength and i could feel my body falling to the floor . 
 chapter ten dense fog had surrounded me . 
 did the other leave me here ? 
 my body did n't feel right , even after i fought for control of it , it just did n't feel like it belonged to me . 
 soft voices echoed around me , it was a nice change from the other voices that screamed at me . 
 still laying on the ground floor , i picked myself up with difficulty . 
 all of my muscles ached with pain , i just felt devoid of strength . 
 `` am i dead ? '' 
 i blurted out . 
 but this does n't look like heaven or anyone 's concept of it . 
 just lots of fog and empty vast of nothingness . 
 there were no pearly gates , no fluffy clouds or anyone to show you where you will be staying for the rest of your undead life . 
 i started to walk about , looking for anything that was worth noticing . 
 `` hello ! '' 
 i called out nervously . 
 something appeared in front of me that made me jump back . 
 the fog around me gathered and i watched in awe as something started to take shape , it seemed to be of a human and it was slowly coming together piece by piece . 
 i took a few steps back , not knowing if it was friend of foe . 
 the white fog ended with a glittering glow and out stepped a tall man , he was half naked from the waist up , his strong body showcased how muscular his arms and chest were . 
 he looked like he could take on a thousand men . 
 his piercing hazel eyes watched me as i took him in . 
 he walked slowly towards me and i felt like running it the opposite direction . 
 `` hello . '' 
 he said . 
 his voice , soft and gentle , nothing what i thought it would be . 
 `` uh , hello . '' 
 i said nervously . 
 `` am i dead ? 
 are you here to take me away . '' 
 the tall bald man laughed to himself . 
 `` no dear siren , i just want to talk . '' 
 `` jeez , why does everyone kidnap me and want to talk , i 'm sick of it . '' 
 `` i did n't kidnap you , you brought yourself here . '' 
 `` wait , i brought myself here ? '' 
 i asked confusedly . 
 he nodded . 
 `` well , that 's something new . '' 
 i mumbled . 
 `` i want to talk about , rhea and naaz . 
 do you think you should be with them ? '' 
 `` why what 's it to you ? '' 
 i am sick of people telling me what to do . 
 `` that 's quite the attitude you 've got there . '' 
 he said . 
 `` sorry , it 's been a rough couple of days . '' 
 `` i can see that . '' 
 the tall man replied . 
 `` what do you mean ? 
 have you been watching me ? '' 
 `` i am just an observer , nothing more . '' 
 he answered . 
 `` so you have been watching me ? '' 
 i asked again . 
 he did n't say anything , i just watched him as he just stood there . 
 what the hell was he ? 
 `` ellie ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` yeah , hold on , i 'm thinking . '' 
 i replied . 
 `` there are people out there who want you to succeed and some want you to fail , i 'm just here telling you your options . '' 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 `` well , there are people out there , who want you dead , and some think that being with them two wo n't end well . '' 
 `` i make my own decisions and i do feel safe with rhea , not so much with naaz though . '' 
 i said to him . 
 `` there is still darkness inside that one , watch what you do around her . '' 
 `` who , naaz ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` no , rhea . 
 she might say she is a new person but she hides a dark secret that still haunts her to this very day . '' 
 `` are you talking about idina ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` no , there is something far more worse she hides and it has taken hold of her . '' 
 he said . 
 `` she would never hurt me , she protects me . '' 
 i told him `` there will come a time when no one can help you . '' 
 his words shook me , i would never be alone again . 
 `` is that a threat ? '' 
 `` no , just a warning . '' 
 it was my turn to ask questions . 
 `` what are you ? 
 why am i here ? 
 and who the hell wants me to succeed , succeed at what ? '' 
 the blue eyed man laughed and his strong shoulders jumped up and down . 
 `` well , i am sort of an observer , i am neither good nor evil , and second , you are in the nether . 
 a place between worlds and finally , the people who want you to succeed are unknown to me , sadly . '' 
 `` well that was a mouthful , thanks . 
 at least you were honest with me , unlike some people they just skate around the facts . '' 
 i said . 
 `` you are playing a dangerous game , ellie , think of who you are creating ties with , be careful . 
 there are people who want you to be safe including one special person . '' 
 his voice softly said . 
 my heart skipped a beat . 
 `` kate ?! '' 
 i asked with tears forming in my eyes . 
 he did n't reply but i knew it could be her . 
 `` be careful . '' 
 he stood back away from me and something expanded from his back up into the air . 
 two large grey wings were thrown up into the air ready to soar into the graying fog . 
 he gave me a quick smile and shot off into the unknown . 
 before i could think of how to get back , i found myself falling through the air and back down to my body . 
 i opened my eyes to see bodies bent over me . 
 `` she 's awake . '' 
 said a familiar voice . 
 `` let her have some space . '' 
 another said . 
 their face 's moved from my view and the bright new sun showered its blinding light upon me . 
 i laid there for a moment just staring at the sky , stunned at what i just saw up there . 
 or was it down below ? 
 whatever he was , i did n't know whether to trust him or not . 
 the group of people who i could trust was getting smaller and smaller . 
 i sat up and i felt like a house had fallen onto me , i felt like crap , worse that crap . 
 many hands offered me their help but i ignored them and got to my feet myself . 
 my legs wobbled underneath me , but i held my ground . 
 we were still by the sewer where we escaped from . 
 they had n't moved me . 
 they probably did n't want to touch me . 
 `` are you ok ? '' 
 sophia asked . 
 i looked around to see the others had worried looks on their faces , all except naaz . 
 her face , frozen with a scorned look . 
 `` she may still be possessed . '' 
 said naaz . 
 `` knock it off naaz . 
 you 're just pissed cos ' ellie knocked you on your ass ' . '' 
 marcus said . 
 naaz gave him a frightening look and turned her back on us . 
 `` yeah , i 'm fine . 
 i 'm sorry i said those horrible things before . '' 
 i crocked . 
 my throat felt tight and sore . 
 `` we all said horrible things to each other , it was n't us , it was that orb . '' 
 sophia said . 
 i looked down at my hands and the burnt flesh was healed . 
 the others agreed with her . 
 `` what did happen anyway ? '' 
 i asked . 
 rhea took a deep breath and explained . 
 `` well ellie , your emotions connected with the wisp and it started a chain reaction ; it made everyone feel angry because they were in fact , feeling your emotions . '' 
 `` how ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` well , it was the orb . 
 it intensified your anger and the orb could not handle that sort of power , so it overloaded , making it shatter . '' 
 rhea said . 
 `` so those things inside were - . '' 
 sophia was cut off . 
 `` those , my dear , were dead siren souls . '' 
 naaz interrupted . 
 i knew what she said was true , when they were inside i could feel each and every one 's pain and torment that they felt in life . 
 their strong will nearly took over my body . 
 `` it felt horrible , i thought i was going to mad with their anger . '' 
 i said . 
 `` well it 's over now . '' 
 marcus said . 
 `` but , what i want to know is why were they protecting ellie ? '' 
 sophia asked with a puzzled look on her face . 
 `` they thought we were a threat . '' 
 naaz explained . 
 `` especially , rhea and i. '' `` why did they think you would harm me ? '' 
 i asked them . 
 rhea was about to answer but naaz gripped onto her hand hard and spoke for her . 
 `` i do n't know , but it worries me . '' 
 she replied . 
 i noticed the silent words that rhea and naaz exchanged with just a look . 
 what are they not telling me ? 
 i want answers . 
 `` anyway , let 's get back , before something else happens . '' 
 advised marcus . 
 we all agreed and grabbed onto rhea and naaz 's hands . 
 the same feeling came over me and my stomach knotted inside . 
 shapes and colours flashed passed my face as we headed back to naaz 's dark home . 
 we landed in the cold hall with the others . 
 i was too tired to talk so i abandoned them at the hall and i made my way into the fiery cozy living room . 
 i found my comfy sofa and got comfortable . 
 i did n't want to talk to anyone , not with everything that had happened . 
 how could they ever treat me the same again after what i had done . 
 if i was them i would n't even go near me again , but that was n't me . 
 i would never intend to hurt them , but did they know that ? 
 the fear i saw in sophia 's eyes , i will never forget that as long as i live and i wish never witness it ever again . 
 the words of the hazel eyed angel echoed inside me . 
 i would have to be careful around the others . 
 i do n't want to end up on my own again , not like last time . 
 his warning about rhea threw me off . 
 i trusted her the most , but he 's right , there is darkness inside her , and sometimes there are little moments when i can see it . 
 i do n't want to be here when she finally decides to give in to it . 
 chapter eleven i woke up to chattering voices coming from outside the door . 
 the voices were of those that i knew . 
 i quietly made my way towards the door to have a peek . 
 they were all in the hall talking to one another in hushed tones . 
 i pulled the door open to have a better listen . 
 `` i 'm getting worried about her powers . '' 
 sophia said . 
 `` i know what you mean , she 's growing stronger every day , and no one would have been able to come back from that . '' 
 rhea agreed . 
 `` she was possessed by multiple spirits all at once , and she comes out unharmed ? 
 i do n't know even if i could come back from that . '' 
 naaz said . 
 `` can we stop talking about ellie like she 's a danger to us , she 's not . '' 
 marcus said . 
 my heart skipped a beat when i heard marcus trying to defend me , but at the same time it scared me . 
 why would i need defending , was i a lost cause , an evil villain to be disposed of ? 
 `` i know what you are saying marcus , i would never abandon her , no matter what happens . '' 
 rhea explained `` but her powers are growing too fast , and she might not be able to handle them . '' 
 `` i would never leave her . '' 
 marcus added . 
 `` we all know that . '' 
 added naaz . 
 `` no one is leaving anyone . '' 
 rhea said . 
 `` what do you think the council will do to her ? '' 
 sophia asked . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 we have n't had a siren out in the open for a long time . '' 
 rhea replied . 
 `` i wo n't let them take her away ! '' 
 marcus harshly said . 
 `` keep your voice down . 
 no one will take her and i will make sure they do n't get a chance . '' 
 `` you 're quite keen on her are n't you ? '' 
 asked naaz . 
 marcus remained quite . 
 the four of them stood in silence , i decided to join them . 
 i opened the door and pretended to rub the sleep out of my eyes . 
 they saw me and greeted me with fake smiles . 
 `` you 're awake . '' 
 rhea said . 
 `` yeah , i just needed some rest . '' 
 i answered . 
 rhea rushed towards me and pulled me into a tight embrace . 
 i felt so safe in her arms , i could feel all my troubles falling away , but the angel 's words popped into my head at the worse time . 
 she has darkness inside her . 
 i tried to wash the tainted words from my mind . 
 marcus stepped forward and greeted me with one of his smiles . 
 `` i 'm glad you 're safe . '' 
 he softly said . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 i replied . 
 naaz cleared her throat to interrupt us . 
 `` there is a matter of the siren souls . '' 
 i stared at naaz confused . 
 `` what , those white things ? '' 
 `` yes , since you released them . 
 they will be looking for fresh hosts . '' 
 replied naaz . 
 `` and i guess that 's not a good a good thing . '' 
 i asked . 
 `` no , not really , ellie . 
 they are full of hate and they can hurt people . '' 
 `` wait , wait . '' 
 i held up my hands and stopped everyone `` you mean they are out there on the lose ? '' 
 `` well , yes and you freed them . '' 
 naaz said . 
 `` but why were they in there ? 
 it 's not like they volunteered for it . 
 when they were inside me i could feel their lust for life . 
 they died an unnatural death , there was a lot of hate inside them . '' 
 rhea looked uncomfortable with the question i posed to her . 
 `` well ? '' 
 i waited for their answer . 
 naaz stepped forward and shared the answer . 
 `` those sirens were hunted down and killed for their souls . '' 
 she said nonchalantly . 
 did you know about this ? '' 
 i asked while trying to remain calm . 
 i did n't need an answer from rhea , it was written across her face . 
 `` and i used that thing , without knowing , i 'm just as bad as the person who made it . '' 
 i could feel my voice breaking . 
 then something rushed into my mind and i felt sick . 
 `` did you make it ? '' 
 i asked naaz . 
 naaz smiled her signature sick grin . 
 `` it 's something i would do , but i did n't , it was a gift from an admirer . '' 
 she said . 
 `` you 're lying ! '' 
 i shouted . 
 `` that 's enough ! '' 
 rhea called out . 
 i felt the rage bubble inside me and i tried to calm it . 
 marcus stepped in between us . 
 `` it 's getting late and we have been through enough today , and we have a long day ahead of us tomorrow , so let 's get some rest . '' 
 `` sounds like a good idea to me . '' 
 said sophia . 
 i did n't want to talk anymore ; i just walked back to the room with a sick feeling inside my stomach . 
 i tried to sleep , but my mind was in overdrive . 
 it kept on replying events around and around inside my head and i could n't take it anymore . 
 everything was so messed up . 
 i got off the sofa and i noticed that sophia was sitting close to the fire , staring at the fireplace . 
 sophia was unknown to her surroundings and i did n't want to intrude on her . 
 i quietly tired to make my way out of the room . 
 `` you can stay if you want . '' 
 sophia 's child like voice said . 
 i jumped when she spoke . 
 `` i do n't want to interrupt you or anything . '' 
 i whispered . 
 `` no it 's ok , i was just thinking , that all . '' 
 she replied . 
 i took a seat next to her on the thin threadbare carpet . 
 the heat of the fire felt good against my cold skin . 
 sophia was silent but i could tell she wanted to talk about something . 
 `` is there something wrong ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` you can tell ? '' 
 she said . 
 `` well it 's not that hard , when you got that look on your face . '' 
 `` it 's just everything is just getting out of hand . '' 
 she said . 
 `` i know what you mean , it 's getting hard but we have to push through . '' 
 i replied . 
 `` i do n't know why i 'm having a hard time it 's you who 's in the middle of it all . '' 
 sophia said . 
 `` i sometimes have days when i just want to say , ` to hell with it ' but i do n't because i know i 'll never see you or rhea again . '' 
 i tried to give sophia a supporting smile . 
 these words i spoke to sophia , i did n't know whether or not i believed them , but something inside me screamed for me to keep going and never look back , but could i really do that ? 
 `` what about marcus ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` what about him ? '' 
 i tried to ask nonchalantly . 
 `` would you miss him ? '' 
 she asked . 
 i tried to find the words but my brain failed me . 
 `` i see the looks you give him . '' 
 sophia commented . 
 `` no , i do not . '' 
 i replied . 
 `` he 's really interested in you . '' 
 `` well it 's his job , he has to be interested . '' 
 `` but some of the looks he 's given you . '' 
 sophia fanned herself . 
 my cheeks started to flare . '' 
 really ? '' 
 `` ha , so you do like him then ? '' 
 she said with a giggle . 
 `` yeah , he 's ok , but i do n't think its right , i mean look at what we are dealing with ? '' 
 behind us marcus gave a little snore and sophia and i started giggling like two school girls . 
 `` that 's why you 're much stronger then i am , ellie . '' 
 `` no , not really , i 'm just trying to deal like everyone else . 
 we all have our ways of coping with things . '' 
 i said . 
 `` yeah , i 'm just hoping that the council will help us . '' 
 sophia brought her knees up to her chest and hugged herself . 
 `` i am nervous about it , do you know what they are like ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` everyone has their own view on them , i have n't had any dealings with them and hope not to either . '' 
 sophia regretted her words as soon as they left her pink lips . 
 `` i 'm sorry , it just - . '' 
 she tried to apologies . 
 `` no , it 's ok . '' 
 i replied . 
 i felt a chill come over me and i shuffled myself closer to the fire . 
 there was another odd silence between us . 
 `` ellie , what happened to your mother ? '' 
 her words took me aback . 
 `` rhea has told me a few things but nothing else . 
 i hope i 'm not being nosey . '' 
 i did n't really know how to answer her question , no one had ever really asked before . 
 not even i know what happened to my mother , i was too young at the time but my dad had said that she had died of an illness . 
 i did n't ask questions at the time nor did i want to , we just never talked about it . 
 it was a sore subject and nether one of us wanted to upset the other . 
 i took a deep breath and answered her . 
 `` she died when i was very young , i do n't even remember what she looked like since there are not many pictures in the house . 
 i think my dad just could n't bear seeing pictures of her , it was really hard for him . '' 
 my stomach tightly knotted itself and i felt sick . 
 guilt flooded in like a burst dam . 
 i tried to hold back the tears . 
 `` do n't worry , ellie . 
 you 'll see your dad again . '' 
 sophia could see how upset i was . 
 `` yeah , i hope . '' 
 i whispered . 
 `` i just miss him so much , but what i 'm doing is good for him , otherwise i would be putting him in danger . '' 
 those words i spoke over and over again gave little comfort . 
 was i doing the right thing ? 
 `` so what do you think of naaz then ? '' 
 sophia quickly threw the question at me . 
 `` well , i know that you hate her . '' 
 i said . 
 `` with good reason ! '' 
 sophia replied `` look at what she did to you . '' 
 `` i know , but there 's something about her , but i can not put my finger on it . '' 
 `` that she 's evil , that 's what . '' 
 `` well there is that , but it 's something about her that just feels wrong . '' 
 `` i think we should stay away from her . '' 
 sophia said . 
 `` you do n't like it , because she an old friend of rhea 's . '' 
 i said . 
 `` that 's not it . '' 
 she quickly said . 
 i just stared at her with two raised eyebrows . 
 `` fine . 
 but there is something about her though . '' 
 sophia said . 
 `` agreed , but for now we are under her roof and i do n't want to do anything that could upset her right now . '' 
 i looked at the room around me , i could hardly call this a stable living area but for now it would do . 
 it was better than living in a dark pit for two weeks . 
 `` i think we should call it a night , we 've got a big day tomorrow . '' 
 sophia stood up and brushed herself down . 
 `` night . '' 
 i whispered . 
 i curled up on the battered brown sofa that had a chunk of stuffing pulled from it . 
 i closed my eyes and hoped sleep would claim me . 
 chapter twelve i was pulled from my comfy sofa into a crowd of the sewer creatures . 
 i could feel my body being pulled either side by the disgusting leaches . 
 they wanted revenge , and by ripping me apart that 's how they would be appeased . 
 i tried to pull against the horde but they had strength in numbers and i was just one little girl , scared and alone , fighting against the horde . 
 `` let go ! '' 
 i screamed at them . 
 tighter they gripped their black talon nails around my arms until scarlet drops trickled down my skin . 
 i was forced down onto my knees , waiting to face their judgment . 
 the floor then pounded as someone strong approached my vision . 
 it was barbus , his long matted dark hair hung around him like rats tails . 
 he almost smelled as bad as the leaches . 
 they threw me at him and barbus caught me around the waist and pulled me closer until it hurt . 
 `` i told you i would find you . '' 
 his voice rang through my ears . 
 `` do you think she can protect you ? 
 you are mine ! '' 
 his voice vibrated throughout my body . 
 `` i am no ones , let me go . '' 
 i screamed . 
 `` you murdered their mother . '' 
 barbus pointed to the group of leaches that lay in waiting . 
 `` they want their revenge and they will come for you and your friends . '' 
 `` it was n't me , i did n't kill her ! '' 
 i yelled . 
 his strong hands gripped my face until it hurt . 
 `` you stood by and did nothing ! 
 you are equally guilty ! '' 
 `` i tried to stop them . '' 
 i tried to explain myself but it was no use . 
 barbus laughed in my face and i felt hopeless . 
 `` i will let my leaches tear apart your friends as you watch . '' 
 `` i wo n't let you ! '' 
 i yelled . 
 `` you do n't have a choice . 
 i 'll be seeing you very soon . '' 
 barbus laughed as searing hot pain drove through my chest . 
 i threw myself off the sofa expecting to take on the leaches , but found myself in the living room with marcus staring at me . 
 `` bad dream . '' 
 i muttered . 
 `` oh , i 've had my share of them . '' 
 marcus replied . 
 i did n't know whether or not to ask him about barbus . 
 did he even know about him ? 
 `` uh , marcus ? '' 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 he answered . 
 `` do you know anyone called barbus ? '' 
 i waited for his reply . 
 `` barbus , name does ring a bell but can not think where i 've heard it before . '' 
 `` oh , it 's ok , never min - . '' 
 `` got it ! '' 
 marcus blurted out `` that 's where i know the name from . 
 he 's wanted by the protectors , nasty piece of work , he 's killed many of us . 
 why do you ask ? '' 
 `` he 's the one that captured me . '' 
 i replied . 
 `` oh , i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` it 's ok , i 'm slowly getting over it . '' 
 `` well , he 'll get what coming to him very soon . '' 
 he said . 
 marcus then dropped down to the floor and began his exercises . 
 i tried to hide my embarrassment and it felt even weirder because of what sophia had said last night . 
 i tried to steal a glance at him while he did his routine stretches and exercises , his strong body began to tense and release as while puffing and pant while he counted . 
 `` do you do that every day ? '' 
 i asked him . 
 `` yes , every day , got to keep my body in good shape . '' 
 he panted . 
 `` you look fine to me . '' 
 i blurted out and my face flushed with colour . 
 crap , crap . 
 marcus chuckled to himself . '' 
 oh , you noticed did you ? '' 
 `` sorry , i did n't mean to stare . '' 
 i quickly said . 
 marcus stopped and picked himself up from his pushups . 
 he pulled his t-shirt off revealing his flat strong stomach . 
 i quickly spun around . 
 `` do you really have to do that ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he chuckled `` i do n't want to get my shirt sweaty do i ? '' 
 `` oh yeah , i guess you 're right . '' 
 `` sorry if i 'm embarrassing you . '' 
 he said . 
 i cleared my throat . 
 `` no , no you 're not . '' 
 i decided to leave the hot awkward room , but marcus followed behind me . 
 as soon as i opened the door , sophia spun on the spot and greeted us with a shocked expression . 
 `` so what have you two been doing then ? '' 
 sophia asked . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` well , you come out of a room all hot and bothered , and marcus follows with his top off and a sweaty body ? '' 
 sophia 's eyebrows went up and down suggestively . 
 `` uh , no , you 've got it all wrong . '' 
 i tried to say but there was no point . 
 `` yeah , yeah . 
 i 'll keep your secret safe . '' 
 she winked . 
 marcus walked passed me and headed up the stairs . 
 `` off for a shower . '' 
 he said . 
 as he ascended the stairs i caught a glimpse of his strong sweaty back . 
 it was covered with tattooed words that i could not make out . 
 i tried to get a closer look but he quickly turned around and i had to drop my gaze . 
 `` there 's only cold water left . '' 
 sophia reminded him . 
 `` that 's fine with me . '' 
 he said with a wink and disappeared off upstairs . 
 sophia turned back to me . 
 `` now tell me all the details . '' 
 `` there 's nothing to tell . '' 
 i mumbled . 
 `` liar , i saw the two of you coming out of that room , and i 'm sure i heard some huffing and puffing in there . '' 
 `` no , there was nothing like that ! '' 
 i blurted out . 
 `` liar . '' 
 laughed sophia . 
 `` oh yeah did you see the writing on marcus 's back ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` no not really , i was n't looking . 
 oh , and i thought you were n't interested ? '' 
 `` i 'm not , it just caught my eye . '' 
 i replied . 
 we were soon interrupted by rhea and naaz entering from the kitchen with faces like stone . 
 `` ellie , a moment . '' 
 rhea called me over to her and i knew this was going to be bad news . 
 `` i want to speak to you about the council . '' 
 she said . 
 `` is it bad ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` no , it 's just the do 's and do n’ts . 
 do n't speak to them unless spoken to . 
 you will probably want to voice your opinion , but do n't . 
 address them as either lord or lady if spoken to and just let others do the talking , ok ? '' 
 i took a moment to think it over . 
 i just had to remain quiet until they wanted me to speak . 
 just by thinking about the council made me very nervous . 
 my stomach knotted tightly and i thought i was going to throw up . 
 i took a few deep breaths and tried to steady my nerves . 
 `` are you ok , ellie ? '' 
 `` yeah , yeah i 'm fine . '' 
 i lied . 
 rhea gave me one last look and joined up with sophia . 
 i just stood there thinking of what the council could do to me . 
 torture , capture , or even just straight out kill me ? 
 i put the last suggestion to the back of my mind and hoped it would never come true . 
 `` where 's marcus ? 
 we do n't need to keep them waiting . '' 
 asked naaz . 
 `` he 's uh , in the shower . '' 
 i said . 
 `` well , we have n't got all day to wait for him . '' 
 she said `` go get him . '' 
 `` but he 's in the shower , he 'll be out when he 's ready . '' 
 i said nervously . 
 naaz stared at me and raised one curious eyebrow . 
 `` good god girl , please tell me you 've . . '' 
 i quickly interrupted her . 
 `` no , i have n't and if i go up there he 'll think i 'm stalking him or something . '' 
 `` fine , i 'll go . '' 
 naaz said and quickly walked up the stairs . 
 something inside me did n't want naaz going anywhere near marcus , but i did n't know why . 
 was i starting to fall for him , i did n't have time for that right now . 
 naaz was at the top of the stairs but before she could enter , marcus came out towel drying his hair . 
 i breathed a sigh of relief and blushed just by thinking about him . 
 get a grip girl . 
 we 've got more important things to do then to fawn over some guy . 
 `` right , now that everyone is here , we can get this over and done with . '' 
 rhea said . 
 like many times before we stood in a circle and i grabbed onto rhea 's hand , marcus stood next to me and for once i would have like to have held his hand . 
 focus ellie . 
 i told myself again . 
 we were pulled away from naaz 's home and hurtling towards the unknown . 
 i still could n't get use to teleporting , but at least i did n't throw up anymore . 
 we arrived at the front of what looked like a very large courthouse . 
 large stone walls covered around the building with large intimidating metal gate standing proudly at the front . 
 a large brass knocker had attached itself to gate that took the shaped of a mocking grin . 
 i turned to rhea and she gave me an encouraging smile . 
 the fear inside me built and i tried to hide it as best as i could . 
 `` do n't worry , it will be ok . '' 
 rhea said . 
 naaz walked up to the grinning knocker and pounded on it twice . 
 a few seconds later , two large men who looked like protectors appeared in front of us . 
 naaz acknowledged the two and pointed at me when they spoke . 
 i slowly back away from them hoping to run if i needed to . 
 the two men looked me up and down then walked up to me . 
 `` are you ellie laveau ? '' 
 one of the men asked . 
 i swallowed a lump in my throat and tried to answer without fear fumbling my words . 
 `` yes , that 's me . '' 
 the men nodded at each other and without touching me they herded me through the gates and up towards the imitating building . 
 the court house stood tall with slanted sun damaged roofs . 
 the building 's colour was white but you could tell it had faded . 
 it needed a new coat of paint badly . 
 i was marched up the long pathway towards the building , ready for my fate to be determined . 
 `` rhea ? '' 
 i called out . 
 `` do n't worry , everything is going to be ok . '' 
 she said . 
 i took rhea 's words to heart , but right now i needed more than just words . 
 my so-called bodyguards ushered me into the building filled with people with grim faces , they looked like they were waiting for their own deaths , and i hoped to god that would never happen to me . 
 i was rushed passed many doors leading off into the unknown . 
 decorated on the walls were grand paintings done by hand of famous people throughout history . 
 i could n't quite put a name to their faces , but some of them were a few that even i was shocked to see depicted on the walls . 
 we came to a stop at a normal looking door . 
 i looked around , the area was devoid of people . 
 was my time up ? 
 i turned to both of the protectors . 
 `` inside . '' 
 one of them said . 
 my gut instinct was telling me to run and never to step into that room . 
 i tried to slowly back away from it . 
 `` what 's in there ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` inside . '' 
 the protector 's voice grew louder . 
 well there 's nowhere else to go . 
 i said to myself . 
 i pushed open the door , expecting the worst . 
 i squeezed my eyes closed , hoping nothing bad would happen . 
 the protectors slammed the door shut , locking me in . 
 i rushed back to the door and started pounding on the sturdy wood . 
 `` hey ! 
 open the door ! '' 
 i yelled . 
 it was no use , i was stuck here until they decided what to do with me . 
 now only realizing , sitting in the middle of the room was a tall podium that dominated the tiny looking room . 
 above me the floor boards warped around the weight of whatever was upstairs . 
 within seconds many footsteps filled into the room and there was chatter of voices of men and women . 
 my palms began to sweat and my stomach was in a tuff of knots . 
 i slowly breathed in and out and i tried to clear my busy mind . 
 i needed to get a grip on myself , if i did n't play this right i would be in big trouble . 
 i just had to remember what rhea told me . 
 speak only when spoken to and address them as either lord or lady . 
 was all this really necessary ? 
 a light on the wall pulsed red with the words stand on poduim . 
 i nervously took my place and waited for my fate . 
 the wooden podium rose up into the room above us , the crowd behind me gasped as if they had just witnessed a terrible crime . 
 i looked back behind and i saw sitting on the front row was rhea and the gang . 
 she did n't wave or smile , she just sat there with such elegance . 
 i turned to the front to be greeted by four tall judge 's boxes . 
 each one filled with a person wearing a dark purple cloak . 
 they looked down at me , each supporting a different mask . 
 i felt like a tiny ant , ready to be squished by their wrath . 
 chapter thirteen `` this court has come to order . '' 
 said the voice of a man , he wore a full mask embodied with many crystals and jewels that reflected the light . 
 `` you are ellie laveau , is that correct ? '' 
 a screechy womanly voiced said . 
 i looked up to face her mask . 
 it was white china with gold motif around the eyes and red ruby lips . 
 it looked so elegant . 
 was this the time to speak ? 
 oh crap , oh crap . 
 `` yes , my lady . '' 
 i said formally . 
 `` the siren everyone has been looking for ? '' 
 another voice pierced the room . 
 my eye caught his mask , it was n't like the others this one was creepy . 
 the dark purple robbed figure wore a baby doll mask with dark cracks around the eyes . 
 i stared at it for a moment and i could feel it 's dark eyes penetrate inside me . 
 `` yes , that 's me , my lord . '' 
 i said . 
 `` so , miss laveau . 
 why have you avoided us all this time ? '' 
 another voice came into play . 
 this man wore a dirty white mask with a long protruding nose at the front . 
 it had black rimmed eyes that looked like he wore spectacles . 
 they all peered down at me waiting for me to answer them . 
 `` i have n't been avoiding you ; this is still all new to me . 
 i did n't even know about anything about this until recently . '' 
 i said . 
 `` we have had sources saying that you have been kept from us ? 
 can you tell us more about that ? '' 
 said the ruby lipped woman . 
 `` i know nothing of these so-called sources . '' 
 deep down we knew it was naaz who went running to the council to blab everything and now we were all paying the price . 
 `` and i have been in hiding for fear of my life . '' 
 the peanut gallery behind burst into their fake gasps and i tried to suppress an urge to roll my eyes . 
 `` quiet , quiet ! '' 
 ordered the scary baby faced masked man . 
 `` are these allegations true ? '' 
 asked the jeweled masked figure . 
 `` have you been on the run for your life ? '' 
 `` yes , my lords . 
 i have been attacked in my own home by the leaches . '' 
 as soon as the words left my lips the crowd behind began their gasps and their idle chatter . 
 i guess the leaches are a sore point around here then . 
 the four judges tried to get the court back into order . 
 `` do you speak the truth ? '' 
 asked the longed nosed masked man . 
 `` yes , and they are still coming for me . '' 
 my voice trembled with a hint of fear . 
 the robe judges whispered amongst each other . 
 now and then they would stare at me and then return to their whispering . 
 they finished their chatter and turned towards the crowd . 
 `` we have no knowledge of these so-called attacks . '' 
 the jeweled masked man said . 
 what ! 
 are these idiots blind , they sent us on that mission to kill idina . 
 something was n't right . 
 did they really have no knowledge of the leaches ? 
 `` we can neither confirm nor deny that there leaches are roaming around un-checked and all we have is a word of a siren . '' 
 the white masked woman said . 
 while they talked amongst themselves again , something inside me wanted to spill every detail that i had witnessed . 
 i wanted to hold my tongue but maybe some of the information will be useful . 
 i took a deep breath and hoped for the best . 
 `` there seems to be a leader . '' 
 i raised my voice . 
 the judges stopped and slowly turned towards me , and i could feel their disapproval . 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 said the baby faced masked man `` how dare you speak without authority . '' 
 `` calm yourself , the siren wishes to speak . '' 
 said the jeweled masked man . 
 `` please continue . '' 
 i took another deep breath . 
 `` someone is commanding the leaches , giving them orders . 
 they abducted me , and the person 's name is barbus . '' 
 more shocks and gasps came from behind me and even the judges were taken aback . 
 `` is this true ?! '' 
 the longed nosed man 's voice bellowed throughout the court room . 
 `` that so-called man has been wanted by the council for many years and you say that he has taken command of the leaches and abducted you . '' 
 asked the red lipped lady . 
 `` this is quite the tale you are spinning , young siren . '' 
 added the long nosed man . 
 `` if she is to be believed , then we could all be in danger . '' 
 the baby masked man said . 
 with the word danger now floating around , it had finally tipped everyone over the edge . 
 loud shouts and yelling filled the room while the four judges tried to get the room under control . 
 i bowed my head down hoping to avoid their rage . 
 the judges voices had their own say with each of their voices echoing . 
 even the crowd was getting a bit rowdy . 
 this was getting out of hand , this was such a bad idea . 
 `` my lords and ladies ! '' 
 a serene and seductive voice called out from the chaos . 
 i turned on the spot to see rhea slowly making her way through the crowd and towards the judges . 
 oh crap , what 's she doing ! 
 she glided from her seat and made her way to the center , and stood beside my podium . 
 `` rhea , it 's been too long . '' 
 said one of the men but i did n't catch who it was . 
 rhea gave a little bow . 
 `` lords and ladies , ellie laveau has been under my protection . 
 she is a gifted creature and she requires the highest protection , and what she says is true . 
 barbus is the man who is pulling the strings , he abducted ellie and used the leaches for his own selfish ends . '' 
 `` you speak with such conviction , rhea . 
 we will talk about barbus without prying eyes . '' 
 said the screechy voiced woman . 
 `` but how can the leaches be controlled ? 
 they are animals , they do n't take orders . '' 
 said the longed nosed masked man . 
 `` that is unknown to me as well , but he has created an army of them . '' 
 rhea replied . 
 `` an army you say ? 
 have you seen them for yourself ? '' 
 asked the jeweled man . 
 `` yes , i have your lords and ladies . 
 it is truly a horrible site . '' 
 the council members talked amongst themselves with whispers . 
 `` now that you 're here , we can question you , rhea . 
 do you deny that , you tried to hide a siren from us ? 
 you know that they are forbidden creatures and are not for personal use ? '' 
 said the baby faced man . 
 `` no i do not deny this . 
 i saw that ellie was in danger and sought out to protect her from anything that would harm her . 
 and i still do that to this day . '' 
 rhea said . 
 `` but where were you when this poor young girl got kidnapped ? '' 
 asked the evil baby faced mask . 
 i turned to rhea and i saw a tiny glint of that darkness she tries so hard to contain . 
 within seconds the darkness faded and she was back to her normal self . 
 `` my lord , i 'm surprised you have taken this to heart , since you would n't have known about it , unless it had to be presented to you . 
 you 're so wrapped up in your own little games that you can not see what is happening outside , in the real world . '' 
 said rhea . 
 `` how dare you ! 
 know your place , this is our domain . '' 
 roared the baby faced man . 
 `` domain or not , ellie has come her willingly to plead her case . '' 
 added rhea . 
 `` that is enough ! '' 
 said the jeweled man . 
 the four judges turned in my direction . 
 `` can you confirm that rhea has been protecting you ? '' 
 the red rose lipped lady said . 
 `` yes , rhea has been protecting me from the many things out there that wish to harm me , and i trust her judgment . '' 
 i said the words but did i actually believe them ? 
 i did n't know anymore . 
 `` also , there has also been a massive surge in magical power recently , do you know anything about this ? '' 
 the cracked baby faced man bypassed rhea and asked me directly . 
 i swallowed a lump in my throat and tried to speak but my mouth was too dry . 
 i did n't even know what he was talking about . 
 i was about to speak but rhea took the floor . 
 `` we know nothing of these power surges , ellie is new to her powers and they are still growing , she is too young to do such things , and to even accuse this young girl of wrong doing is going beyond even your station . '' 
 my mind then flooded with the memory of myself being possessed by the many spirits . 
 i did cause that power surge , but how did they know about that ? 
 at that moment i felt like a guilty convict just waiting to be taken to jail and do my time . 
 `` the question was asked to ellie . '' 
 said the longed nosed man . 
 i stared up at the four intimidating judges who held my fate in their hands . 
 `` no , i know nothing of this , my lord . '' 
 i held my voice as the best i could . 
 `` i did not want it to come to this but i invoke the protection of the old gods , ellie is now under my protection . '' 
 said rhea as she sat back down into her seat . 
 around me the court burst into cries of anger . 
 even the judges went along with the gasps . 
 the four robbed judges tried to get the room under control by banging their gavels onto the desk but it was heard on deaf ears . 
 `` order , order ! '' 
 cried the judges . 
 what the hell just happened ? 
 i turned on the spot to see rhea smiling from ear to ear . 
 she liked this way too much . 
 even sophia and naaz looked at her with shocked expressions . 
 soon after many cries , the room was under control . 
 `` we can not let a siren go out unchecked . '' 
 one judge said . 
 `` she is under the old god 's protection , there 's nothing we can do . '' 
 the red lipped woman said . 
 `` surely we can keep her here . '' 
 said the baby faced man . 
 `` we have to abide by the rules and release her into rhea 's care . '' 
 said the jeweled masked man . 
 `` are we all in agreement ? '' 
 asked the baby faced man . 
 there were nods and a few groaning noises coming from the unhappy judges . 
 `` very well rhea , we will entrust you with the siren , but we will be watching you very carefully . '' 
 said the powder white woman . 
 a chill made its way up to my spine . 
 i then knew that they would be watching every move i 'd make . 
 even a slightest mistake and they would know about it . 
 would the council always be watching me all my life , i hoped not . 
 `` you many leave . '' 
 said the longed nosed man with a wave of his hand . 
 finally , after standing in front of the four judges and waiting for them trying to decide my fate , i was allowed to leave with rhea . 
 i stepped down from my podium and walked out through the main doors and into the warm bask of the sun as a free woman . 
 `` thank god that 's over with . '' 
 i said stretching my muscles . 
 i seemed to be tense all the way through . 
 `` yes , i 'm glad too . '' 
 said rhea . 
 `` so why did they let me leave ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` well , i did n't want to do it but i knew what the outcome was going to be , so i had little choice and invoked the old god 's law . 
 you are now under my protection and no one can take you away from me , not even the council . '' 
 `` that was a very smart move , rhea , but are you sure you did the right thing ? '' 
 asked marcus . 
 rhea did n't answer him . 
 `` who are the old god 's ? '' 
 i asked them . 
 `` the old god 's are a group of the highest authority in our supernatural world and not just anyone can invoke their laws . '' 
 sophia took a glance of rhea but as she spoke `` only people who are ` special ' can do it , like rhea . '' 
 i was a little confused by it all but if it means i get to leave without harm , i have no problem with it . 
 `` i 'm surprised that you invoked the old god 's law , rhea , no one has done that in many years . '' 
 naaz said spitefully . 
 we all turned towards her as she descended the court stone steps , her sheer dark dress blowing in the wind with ever step she took . 
 there was a hint of movie star glamour about her , but i had to think twice , this was naaz we were talking about . 
 `` bit disappointed , naaz ? '' 
 sophia asked . 
 naaz spun around and gave sophia a dark piercing stare and carried on walking past us . 
 as she drifted past me i stared at her , hoping to catch anything that could give away her motives . 
 this woman was very dangerous , and i think she was reaching the end of her limit . 
 she had tried to play the entire situation and she had lost . 
 `` naaz ! '' 
 rhea called out to her . 
 `` the council did n't give us that job did they ? '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 naaz asked playfully . 
 `` the council had no knowledge of that mission to kill idina did they ? 
 it was all you . 
 you used us for whatever sick scheme you have planned . '' 
 `` but what about the information i had ? 
 i would have known if naaz had given it to me . '' 
 marcus said . 
 `` who did give you the information , marcus ? '' 
 i asked . 
 marcus started to think . 
 `` it was one of the protectors . 
 he told me that we had been given a job to find the nest . '' 
 rhea gave marcus her full attention . 
 `` marcus , did you ever see the protector when we came back to the bunker ? '' 
 `` no , did you . '' 
 he asked . 
 `` what ? 
 what 's wrong ? '' 
 i asked eagerly . 
 `` we were betrayed , ellie . 
 that 's what 's wrong . '' 
 replied sophia . 
 i turned to marcus who had fury written across his face . 
 `` what did you offer the protector ? '' 
 rhea asked . 
 `` i have no idea what you are talking about , you and your weird imagination . '' 
 naaz brushed off the accusations . 
 `` it 's true is n't it , naaz ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` you manipulated everything to your advantage , for whatever reason , you let leaches butcher innocent people and you killed idina . '' 
 `` she needed to die ! 
 i did you a favour ! '' 
 a sharp wind whipped around naaz , her words fuelling her emotions . 
 naaz gave us one last look and disappeared in a wave of darkness . 
 `` i wo n't let her get away with this '' marcus said . 
 `` she wo n't . '' 
 replied rhea . 
 i looked up at marcus and saw his sun kissed skin . 
 he was truly breathtaking while he stood in the afternoon sunlight . 
 all he features were lit up for all to see . 
 i just stared at him and took in all that he was , his square manly jaw , his straight nose that had a little bump at the bridge , along with his perfect full soft lips . 
 i was totally engrossed in him that i missed the question posed to me . 
 `` ellie ? '' 
 said rhea . 
 `` huh ? '' 
 i replied . 
 `` i said are you ready ? '' 
 `` ready for what ? '' 
 `` home , we can go home now . '' 
 rhea said . 
 i nodded . 
 i wanted to leave here immediately . 
 there was something about this place that just made me feel uneasy . 
 maybe it was the power struggle i could feel coming from the four judges . 
 i would not like to be locked in a room with them . 
 i entwined my hand with rhea 's and the four of us were torn away from the council and hurtling back towards naaz 's dusty barracks . 
 i had a feeling deep inside that something would be waiting for us . 
 chapter fourteen i arrived with the same sick feeling i always felt while teleporting , maybe i 'll get the hang of it someday . 
 naaz had arrived before us and left to go upstairs to her own quarters . 
 i had envisioned naaz 's bedroom to be a sadist paradise . 
 chains , torture devices and god only know what else . 
 i pictured her sleeping on a bed of nails , and no pillow would ever be comfortable enough for her , only the nails . 
 `` rhea , naaz does n't look happy at all . '' 
 sophia asked . 
 `` she tried to play the game and she lost . '' 
 replied rhea . 
 `` i do n't like the vibe i 'm getting from her at all . '' 
 i said . 
 `` maybe we 've outstayed our welcome ? '' 
 marcus asked . 
 `` yeah , i think so too . '' 
 rhea added . 
 i made my way to the cosiest room in the house -lrb- well the only cosiest room -rrb- . 
 the others followed me like a pack of wolves , like i was their leader . 
 i sat myself down at the foot of the roaring fire and thought of the judge 's ruling . 
 that council meeting was too intense to put into words . 
 i felt free , but leashed at the same time . 
 the council said to be watching my every move from now on , and that did n't sit well with me . 
 i had never been called to something like that before . 
 was all that really necessary ? 
 the masks , the robes , and even putting me down into the floor to rise up like some carnival attraction for everyone to gawp at ? 
 they did n't tell me anything i needed to know , and i was kinda ' pissed off at that . 
 it was all just a formality for them , like appearances were the only thing that mattered to them and not the interest of the supernatural order . 
 `` ellie ? '' 
 a voice called out to me . 
 i ignored my self loathing and looked up to see rhea standing over me . 
 `` may i sit ? '' 
 she asked . 
 i nodded and shuffled to my left . 
 `` are you ok ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` to be honest , no . 
 i 'm more confused than ever . 
 i thought going to the council would be good for me , but they just wanted to get a good look at the siren , the freak . '' 
 `` i understand where you are coming from . 
 but the council do not pander to others , they rule on what they see before them , luckily i stepped in when i did otherwise you would have been taking away . '' 
 explained rhea . 
 `` i 'm glad you did , i was really scared , and i thought they would kill me or take me away . '' 
 `` i would never let it come to that . '' 
 she said . 
 `` they were not happy were they ? '' 
 `` no they were not , there has n't been a siren in many years , and with you just popping up have caused many people to become nervous and suspicious . '' 
 replied rhea . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` because some people see you as a threat , those council members are not your allies . 
 you need to remember that , ellie . '' 
 `` did you know one of them ? '' 
 `` yes , i knew one of them very well . '' 
 `` how do you know him ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` we have crossed paths many times . 
 i first met him when he was just working at the council , just low level jobs , but now he has worked his way up to the top . '' 
 `` he must have some powerful connections . '' 
 `` among others . '' 
 rhea replied `` there is also the problem about the power surge . '' 
 said rhea . 
 `` oh yeah that . '' 
 i said sheepishly . 
 `` what would they have done to me if they found out it was me ? '' 
 `` i do n't really know , but they did n't . '' 
 said rhea `` it also makes me wonder how they found out . '' 
 `` it was the siren souls , was n't it ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` maybe , but something that powerful being released all at once , that 's bound to raise an interest . '' 
 rhea replied . 
 i truly was in big trouble , with something like that being easily detectable . 
 i really had to watch what i did with my powers in future . 
 `` i heard you talking about me , about my powers . '' 
 i said . 
 `` ellie , we was n't . . '' 
 i cut her off . 
 `` i understand . 
 my powers are growing too fast and they scare me but whatever happens , i will deal with it . '' 
 `` understand . '' 
 she replied . 
 `` it really scares me that my powers are growing fast every day . 
 who knows what i am truly capable of ? '' 
 `` i 'm sure in time you will be able to handle them . '' 
 `` but what if i ca n't , you saw how that orb nearly drove me insane . '' 
 rhea gave me her full attention and looked at me with fiery eyes . 
 `` ellie , i know what ever comes your way , you will be able to fight it . 
 you were captured and held prisoner for two weeks and you have come out strong . '' 
 rhea 's words of wisdom struck a chord within me . 
 i did come out of it , but did it make me stronger ? 
 i did n't know , if i had been left in there a few more days , i would have given up . 
 i would n't call that strong . 
 `` so where do we go from here ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` well , now that idina is dead , there will be no more leaches , so that will decrease the numbers a bit . 
 but there is barbus left . '' 
 just mentioning his name made my body shiver . 
 he had been invading my dreams lately and he seems so real . 
 his touch on my skin , his breath on the nape of my neck just felt so realistic . 
 was it just a dream or was it something from the future , like the leaches ? 
 i have n't even had time to tell rhea about the dreams . 
 but was now the perfect time ? 
 `` uh rhea , i 've been having more weird dreams lately . '' 
 my voice was dry and sore . 
 to admit to rhea i 've been having these dreams were to admit that they were indeed real . 
 `` what about ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` i 've been having dreams about barbus . '' 
 rhea 's body froze . 
 she slowly turned her face towards me and it was full of horror . 
 `` when ? '' 
 she quickly asked . 
 `` one when i was underground and one just the other night . '' 
 i said . 
 `` o-other night ? '' 
 rhea 's words caught in her throat . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` is it a problem ? '' 
 rhea quickly got to her feet and rushed out of the room , leaving just her soft scent behind . 
 `` rhea !? '' 
 i called after her but she disappeared from view . 
 `` what 's wrong with her ? '' 
 marcus came into the room with one of his smiles . 
 oh crap . 
 behave yourself . 
 `` you on your own ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` yeah , just me . '' 
 i told him . 
 marcus slowly walked over to the fire and lowered himself into a sitting position . 
 `` bet the council was scary ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` yeah it was . 
 i was terrified on the inside . '' 
 `` well you did n't show it . '' 
 `` i 'm good at keeping my emotions all to myself , i 've had lots of practice . '' 
 i said . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` well i used to hide all my emotions away , let 's just say i was n't the most popular kid in the school . 
 i got bullied a lot for being what i am . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry for bringing it up . '' 
 `` no , it 's ok . 
 right now school has sounds better than this . '' 
 i replied . 
 `` yeah , school was n't all good for me too . '' 
 `` really ? 
 what was it like ? '' 
 `` well , when a protector 's child reaches a certain age they get shipped off to a military facility on an island , and the only way to get out is ether graduate or in a body bag . 
 it was really rough , everything has to be done in a precise order . 
 the tutors would drill you until you had everything , and i mean everything down to the last detail . 
 the sword training was a bitch . 
 they throw you in a pit on your first lesson with real swords , i was always back and forth the hospital wing . '' 
 `` wow , did you ever see your parents ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` no , we only get letters and parcels now and then , but they did come for my final graduation . 
 i can not say it wall all bad but it did give me the skills to survive . '' 
 that had reminded me of what i saw on marcus 's back . 
 i did n't know whether or not i should ask him about it . 
 `` uh , marcus ? '' 
 i asked `` what 's that tattoo on your back ? '' 
 `` oh , so you noticed that did you ? '' 
 he chuckled . 
 `` yeah , what is it ? '' 
 `` is this just a ploy for me to take my top off ? '' 
 he asked jokingly . 
 `` what !? 
 n-no its not . '' 
 my face was now bright red . 
 marcus laughed . 
 `` it 's the code of the protectors , every protector has one . 
 it really hurt like a bitch when they did it . 
 the strapped me down and just inked away . '' 
 marcus turned away and lifted the back of his shirt up . 
 his strong back was inked with three long black sentences , running from shoulder to shoulder . 
 i was about to touch it , but i quickly held my hand still . 
 i started to read the words out loud . 
 `` we are the wonderers of old . 
 the one that watches all . 
 we are equal in conquest in darkness and light . 
 the protector of the just and unjust . '' 
 `` yep , that 's it . '' 
 he said . 
 `` what does that mean ? '' 
 i asked as he pulled his shirt back down . 
 `` no one really knows , everyone has their own interpretation of it , to me it sounds like , you may not see it , but it does n't mean that it 's not there , something along those lines . '' 
 `` so every protector has this on their back ? '' 
 `` yeah , so you like it do you ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` would it matter even if i did like it ? '' 
 `` maybe . '' 
 he replied . 
 he moved closer towards me and i could smell his bodily scent , salty sweat with desire . 
 he smelt really nice which was weird . 
 my eyes travelled down from his face and to his strong arms that he flexed . 
 something inside me was attracted to him and i wanted him , now . 
 he turned to me and i looked deep into his eyes . 
 there was a hunger inside and i needed to be fed . 
 `` ellie , are you ok ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i moved closer to him and with just one touch he would be mine . 
 we could be together , i slowly moved my hand towards his . 
 marcus noticed and shot up quickly . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i want you , marcus . '' 
 the words sounded alien . 
 `` no , do n't do this , you 've been through enough . 
 do n't come closer . '' 
 `` oh come on , it 'll be fun ? 
 do n't you want some fun ? '' 
 the words flowed freely from my mouth . 
 i was on the prowl and he was my prey . 
 i slowly slunk towards him , i would catch him and he could finally be mine . 
 `` we 've been cooped up inside this room for many days now , and you 've never thought of it ? '' 
 i asked with seduction in my voice . 
 `` n-no , never , w-why would you say that ? '' 
 marcus fumbled his words . 
 `` come on do n't you want a release , it would be fun . '' 
 `` help , rhea ! '' 
 he shouted out . 
 he 's going to ruin my fun , i picked up my speed and i backed marcus in a corner , he was now trapped . 
 i was excited from the chase as blood pumped though my body , i jumped towards him , hands outstretched . 
 just one touch , just one . 
 my body stopped mid-air and i went flying backwards , thankfully the soft sofa caught my fall and i quickly got back onto my feet ready for another chance . 
 `` out of the way ! '' 
 i yelled at rhea . 
 i charged straight for marcus but she quickly came between us and gripped both of my hands . 
 `` let go ! '' 
 i screamed . 
 i struggled from her strong grip as i could feel my heat , my desire , flowing from my body and into rhea 's . 
 she was absorbing my animalistic nature . 
 she finally released me and i fell to the floor , panting . 
 i felt like i had run a marathon in a few short minutes . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , marcus . '' 
 i said between breaths . 
 `` it 's ok , i know it was n't you . '' 
 he replied . 
 `` but it was , i was in control of all my actions , but i knew it was wrong . 
 i just could n't get a hold of myself . '' 
 i said . 
 `` i 'm just glad rhea came in when she did . '' 
 i looked up at her , expecting to see fury across her face , but she looked down on me with a sympathetic look . 
 `` what 's happening to me ? '' 
 i asked her . 
 `` you are stretching yourself far too much ellie , you need to rest , and your emotions must be all over the place . '' 
 she explained . 
 `` yeah , i just need to rest . '' 
 i gave out a big sigh . 
 `` you have been through a lot , ellie . '' 
 added marcus . 
 `` do n't worry , i 'm sure that if you get enough rest it wo n't happen again . '' 
 rhea said . 
 before i could reply , something flew past the door and landed with a scream . 
 the three of us rushed out of the room and out into the hall to see sophia sprawled out on the tiled floor . 
 rhea hurried over to her and i looked towards whatever had caused it . 
 naaz stood there with one hand outstretched and a book under her arm . 
 chapter fifteen `` what is the meaning of this !? '' 
 rhea 's voice was harsh and demanding . 
 `` what does it look like , the scales have tipped in my favour . 
 i 'll let the leaches have the scraps when i 'm through with you . '' 
 darkness scattered out of naaz 's hand and it headed towards rhea . 
 i tried to warm rhea but it was too late . 
 the darkness had found its target and shattered the ground bellow . 
 dusty tiles were uprooted from the ground and thrown in different directions , i tried to find cover but the blast was too strong and i went rolling across the floor . 
 the house 's foundation begun to shake and i did n't think it would last , not if there was a showdown between two demi gods . 
 `` rhea ! '' 
 i called . 
 the smoke dispersed around rhea , there was n't a scratch on her . 
 sophia lay beside trying to catch her breath . 
 rhea stared at naaz , her face full of pure rage . 
 `` that 's borrowed power , is that from you new master ? '' 
 rhea spitefully asked . 
 naaz 's eyes widened . 
 `` powerful is n't it . '' 
 naaz descended the stairs with the same disgusting grin she loved so much . 
 it showed how evil she truly is . 
 `` you come into my home and beg for refuge , you were so pathetic . 
 what else could i do , then i get an offer to turn you over , how could i refuse ? '' 
 `` after what we 've been through together !? '' 
 asked rhea . 
 `` it was too easy . 
 i 'm going to kill all of you , but they want the siren , but let 's start with her first . 
 i did n't get to finish her off . '' 
 naaz 's sights were set onto sophia . 
 `` you wo n't touch her ! '' 
 roared rhea . 
 around us the air felt heavy and it got harder to breathe . 
 rhea 's motions were a blur and something white lanced its way towards her opponent . 
 the air shimmered in front of naaz and the jet of light rebounded off her and towards the walls , destroying part of the house . 
 pieces of brick and plaster tore off and flew towards us , i had time to quickly hide behind one of the pillars . 
 `` i thought i taught you better than that ? '' 
 she laughed . 
 naaz dropped the book and held both hands up into the air . 
 her hands formed into claws and there was darkness forming between her fingers . 
 from within the floor something was trying to break free . 
 pillars of darkness escaped from the floor and they were heading our way . 
 marcus and i ran from the oncoming destruction , we would n't win at this rate , i stopped and faced the darkness as it headed for me . 
 `` ellie ! '' 
 shouted marcus . 
 i did n't have time to answer him , i screamed at the pillars and one by one they shattered like glass . 
 it was now rhea 's turn , she sent out a wave of electricity that sparked along the way towards naaz . 
 sophia limped towards us . 
 `` we need to help her ! '' 
 she yelled . 
 `` there 's nothing we can do they are demi gods , they are too powerful , we 'd be killed ! '' 
 marcus said . 
 another explosion sent ripples through the floor . 
 he was right , what could we do . 
 we do n't stand a chance against her . 
 i watched at naaz pushed forward her hands . 
 the darkness snaked onto the floor looking for its victim . 
 rhea slowly backed away from it but it struck out latching onto her arms and legs . 
 she was caught , rhea fought against the darkness , but it slowly coiled around her . 
 i could n't let her die out there . 
 i had to do something . 
 something inside me burst with courage and i rushed out to meet naaz head on . 
 `` ellie , do n't ! '' 
 shouted marcus but he was too late . 
 i stood in her path . 
 i was not letting her hurt rhea anymore . 
 `` move child ! '' 
 naaz snapped . 
 `` you wo n't hurt her anymore you bitch ! '' 
 naaz eyes were wild . 
 she pushed out with her hands and she was ready to harm me . 
 before i could act i was grabbed by marcus and we both hit the floor , i quickly moved away but my eyes caught a scarlet pool starting to form on marcus 's t-shirt . 
 `` marcus ! '' 
 he had been hit on his right side , blood trickling down from his wound . 
 `` it 's nothing ? '' 
 he said . 
 naaz laughed at his pain . 
 i then spun around to greet naaz head on . 
 i closed my eyes and felt all the anger and hate that i once felt long ago . 
 i channelled it and released it towards naaz . 
 she brought out her hands but it was too fast for her . 
 she was blown back , crashing against the wall . 
 `` you bitch ! '' 
 she spat . 
 `` i 'll send you to hell ! '' 
 naaz soon got to her feet and threw ribbons of darkness into the air . 
 they weaved and spun throughout the air , looking for its target . 
 i stood there captivated while they dived straight for me . 
 i squeezed my eyes shut and i hoped for the best . 
 slowly , i opened my eyes to see sophia in front of me with a barrier erected around us . 
 the darkness stabbed at the dome , but they vanished one by one . 
 sophia turned to me with a faint smile . 
 a tiny amount of blood came down from her nose and she fell to her knees . 
 quickly , i rushed down beside her and went to pick her up but i snatched back my hands before it was too late . 
 `` are you ok ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` yeah , i 'm fine just overdid it a little . '' 
 she replied . 
 `` that 's enough ! '' 
 rhea screamed behind me . 
 her body showered itself in a radiant white and the darkness latched on evaporated into smoke . 
 `` you want another round ? '' 
 asked naaz . 
 `` i 'm going to end this ! '' 
 she yelled . 
 rhea punched the air in front of her and naaz flew through the air and crashed landed on the floor . 
 rhea 's eyes were now locked onto naaz and flared a bright crimson . 
 it was the darkness , i could see it clear as day . 
 she lifted naaz into the air and pulled at her limbs until naaz screamed in pain . 
 this was too much , even for naaz . 
 `` rhea , stop it ! '' 
 i screamed . 
 rhea continued with her torture with glee . 
 `` enough ! '' 
 i screamed . 
 she then finally turned to me with sweat dripping from her . 
 rhea nodded and released her hold on naaz and she fell to the floor , she was just barely alive . 
 marcus carried himself over to sophia and picked her up while holding his wounded side . 
 rhea and i crept towards the broken woman . 
 she was breathing heavily and she was bleeding . 
 `` why did you do this ? '' 
 rhea asked . 
 `` why , because whatever is out there wants her , and when it does i do n't want to be standing in its way . '' 
 she replied . 
 `` i 'm sorry that i have to do this . '' 
 rhea whispered . 
 rhea was about to deliver the finishing blow when naaz quickly pushed out with her uninjured hand . 
 darkness flooded rhea 's body throwing her through the air , cutting and slashing at her skin . 
 rhea fought against the rapid darkness that tore at her porcelain skin . 
 i watched as her body glowed the warm ebbing glow that i came to love and soon the thick darkness evaporated from her body . 
 naaz made her move and the book flew into her bloodied hands . 
 `` he will destroy you all . '' 
 naaz left with her final words into a cloud of darkness . 
 chapter sixteen `` is everyone alright ? '' 
 i called out . 
 everyone remained silent . 
 did that just happen just now , did naaz betray us ? 
 was it all a lie ? 
 i looked around the destroyed hall , sophia and marcus laid on the floor amongst the debris . 
 i rushed up to marcus who smiled once he saw me . 
 his shirt was red with his crimson life force , he had lost quite a lot of blood . 
 `` are you ok ? '' 
 i asked him but he ignored the question . 
 `` who was naaz talking about ? 
 he asked . 
 `` marcus ! '' 
 i yelled `` are you ok ? '' 
 his eyes then refocused onto me . 
 `` yeah i 'm ok , are you ? '' 
 but knew he was lying . 
 `` rhea ! '' 
 i called . 
 she made her way to marcus and placed her hand to his side and started to heal him . 
 i watched in amazement as his skin knitted itself back together . 
 `` thanks for saving me . '' 
 i said . 
 `` it was nothing . '' 
 he gave a weak little smile . 
 `` what the hell do we do now then ? '' 
 asked sophia . 
 `` i do n't know , but i think we should get the hell out of here . '' 
 i replied . 
 we all stood around rhea waiting to get the hell out of here , when the walls imploded before us . 
 we were all thrown back , losing our grip on each other . 
 i flickered my eyes open only to hear a loud ringing throughout my ears . 
 my hazy stare looked around to see the front of the building was destroyed , scattered around us . 
 the familiar snarls and groans brought back the fear i thought i locked up tight . 
 slowly , i picked myself up but i fell back down as the room began to spin around me . 
 then as i tried to deny it , i heard the familiar voice that ran chills up my spine . 
 `` i told you i would find you ! '' 
 he yelled throughout the half destroyed hall . 
 marcus shot up from the floor and unleashed his sword from it sheath and headed into the crowd of leaches , hacking and swinging with perfect precision . 
 `` marcus ! '' 
 i called after him but he was deep within the leaches . 
 sophia rushed down beside me . 
 `` come on we need to get to rhea . '' 
 she said . 
 rhea was surrounded by leaches and she was too weak to fend them off . 
 i rushed to her and screamed at the leaches , sending them spiralling off throughout the air . 
 sophia and i grabbed onto rhea and helped her to her feet as two leaches rushed us head on . 
 rhea reached out weakly and sparks of ebbing light flickered from her fingers . 
 it struck the leaches straight through the chest but it did n't kill them . 
 i screamed at them finishing what rhea could not . 
 `` she 's too weak . '' 
 sophia said . 
 `` we need to get out of here , now ! '' 
 i yelled . 
 i looked behind and saw marcus fending off many leaches . 
 he had a few scratches to his face and arms . 
 `` we need to help him . '' 
 i said . 
 we placed rhea against the wall and i rushed back to marcus , ignoring sophia 's words behind me . 
 `` we need to leave ! '' 
 marcus had more cuts to his face and to his arms . 
 three leaches prowled towards us with their claws outstretched . 
 marcus took one swing and disembowelled the leach in front . 
 i made sure marcus was n't in my path and screamed . 
 the creatures scattered in different directions . 
 i looked over and saw barbus , he watched with interest as we killed our way through the leaches . 
 he took the opportunity to join fight . 
 i was caught off guard as a leach behind me sliced at my skin . 
 marcus heard my screamed and quickly took down the leach behind me . 
 `` marcus , we need to leave now ! '' 
 i said while clutching my fresh wound . 
 he agreed and we rushed back towards sophia who was with rhea . 
 `` barbus is here and we need to move , now ! '' 
 i quickly told them . 
 `` she 's too weak to move . '' 
 sophia said . 
 `` we need her . '' 
 added marcus . 
 i turned my back on them and saw barbus swiftly making his move towards us . 
 if i did n't do something then we would all pay the price . 
 i decided that i would not run away from him anymore , i rushed off towards him screaming at any leaches that came forward . 
 `` ellie ! '' 
 shouted marcus . 
 `` hold him back , sophia . '' 
 i called over my shoulder . 
 i stood in barbus 's path ready for anything . 
 `` i told you i would find you . '' 
 he said with a disgusting smile on his lips . 
 `` you wo n't have me ! '' 
 i yelled out . 
 `` you are mine ! '' 
 he shouted throughout the broken hall . 
 my memories brought me back to the rotten and disgusting dungeons that once were my home . 
 how every day i was abused by him and his foul creatures while they laughed and stood by and drugged me . 
 this is where i say no to it all . 
 i will not be anyone 's plaything . 
 i will not be put down by anyone . 
 something inside of me roared to life and i felt empowered by it . 
 `` no more ! '' 
 i screamed . 
 my siren scream hurtled towards barbus , while causing destruction along its way , ripping up the half-broken marble floor and the debris of the building hurtling at him . 
 it struck barbus through the chest throwing him into a group of leaches . 
 i rushed back to the gang . 
 `` i 've bought us a few minutes , at least . '' 
 i said . 
 they greeted me with silence . 
 `` what 's wrong ? 
 we need to move ! '' 
 `` we have an idea . '' 
 marcus said . 
 `` but it 's too dangerous ! '' 
 sophia snapped at him . 
 `` it 's the only way we are going to get out of here ! '' 
 i looked over my shoulder to see barbus getting to his feet with the help of the other leaches . 
 `` fine , but she 's not going to like it . '' 
 sophia took marcus 's blade , quickly cleaned it with her dress and made a clean cut to her palm . 
 i watched while sophia placed her bloodied hand onto rhea 's bare chest . 
 the crimson life force slowly seeped into her skin . 
 rhea awoke and looked at us with empty dark stares . 
 `` what did you do ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` it 's called blood magic . '' 
 she replied `` but it 's very dangerous . '' 
 `` rhea , can you hear me ? '' 
 i asked . 
 rhea 's eyes turned into pools of darkness , she was n't the rhea i once knew . 
 we all took a step back , fearing what she would do . 
 `` sophia , what have you done ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` what have you done ?! 
 this is n't who i am anymore ! '' 
 rhea cried . 
 `` siren ! '' 
 barbus barked . 
 `` he 's coming we need a plan quick . '' 
 rhea stood onto her feet and made her way towards barbus . 
 the two of them met face to face and barbus took a step back , he knew what she had become . 
 `` so you 've embraced the darkness again ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` only to protect the ones i love . '' 
 she replied . 
 rhea 's voice was n't the way i remembered it , it took on a darker tone . 
 barbus rallied his leaches around and they charged towards rhea . 
 she did not move , she just stood there waiting . 
 closer the horde came nearer , but rhea was n't fazed . 
 `` rhea ! '' 
 i screamed . 
 she finally waved her hand and the leach horde exploded into black ash , leaving barbus to fend for himself . 
 `` darkness suits you . '' 
 he said . 
 she did n't reply . 
 rhea brought out her hands and pools of thick tar like darkness swirled out . 
 it moved effortlessly throughout the hall , almost as if it was alive . 
 barbus ducked and dodged the approaching blackness as it flew into the air and dived straight down for him . 
 barbus shot off his own power , red lightning charged it 's was towards her , but rhea blocked it and laughed at his feeble attempts . 
 she wore a dark smile to fit the darkness that filled inside of her . 
 rhea enjoyed toying with barbus , like his life meant nothing . 
 the dark tendrils latched onto him and brought him up into the air . 
 rhea then fell onto her hands and knees , struggling against her own inner darkness . 
 `` rhea ! '' 
 sophia rushed by her side . 
 `` what 's wrong with her ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` it 's draining away her life . '' 
 sophia replied . 
 the tendrils disappeared from barbus 's body and he fell to the ground . 
 `` no ! '' 
 rhea yelled . 
 she pushed sophia away from her and was intent on destroying her target , no matter what . 
 `` marcus , take ellie and leave , now ! '' 
 shouted sophia . 
 `` what about you ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i have to stay with her , i wo n't leave her . '' 
 `` no , i do n't want to lose anyone else . '' 
 i said . 
 `` go ! '' 
 she shouted . 
 `` ellie , we need to go . '' 
 added marcus . 
 `` sophia ? '' 
 i just stared at her , she was serious . 
 she had said her feelings on the matter , nothing i could say would change her mind . 
 i reluctantly followed after marcus , but barbus blocked our path . 
 `` no ! '' 
 growled rhea . 
 a dark tendril snaked its way through barbus 's body , picking him up on the spot and throwing him away . 
 marcus and i carried on ahead but something inside of me wanted to go back and help , but all of this was about trying to keep me safe . 
 everything that we 've done would have been a waste . 
 against my judgment i did n't look back . 
 marcus and i reached the dead garden and there were more leaches waiting outside , ready to ambush us . 
 `` there 's just no end . '' 
 i said . 
 they moved closer once they saw fresh prey . 
 `` get behind me . '' 
 i said to marcus . 
 `` i should be saying that to you . '' 
 marcus replied . 
 i quickly ran in front of him and screamed at the oncoming leaches while marcus slashed at them from the side . 
 `` let 's go ! '' 
 i yelled . 
 i ran through the fallen leaches with marcus on my heels . 
 we now arrived at the entrance to the grand building . 
 the stone wall that covered around naaz 's residency was in ruins . 
 we slowly walked along the bridge , hoping that it would not break and send us into a watery grave . 
 behind me loud bangs and explosions filled my ears . 
 i looked back and saw the building being destroyed from within . 
 blasts of red and black escaped pierced from within the building . 
 i watched as an explosion so strong that it sent ripples along the ground and tore the earth apart . 
 i looked in horror as the building that i once took refuge in was falling off the cliff and down into the unknown . 
 `` no ! '' 
 i screamed at the scene i witnessed . 
 the bridge we stood on started to break away and we hurried on over to the other side . 
 i skidded and feel to my knees in tear as i saw the building with my friends in falling apart . 
 i felt sick to my stomach and i could n't make the tears stop . 
 from within the woods were more groans that i came to hate . 
 there were leaches lurking in the forest just waiting for easy meat . 
 i picked myself up and stood my ground . 
 `` i 'm so sick of this ! '' 
 i screamed . 
 my breathing was heavy and i felt like i was ready to explode with rage . 
 i used that rage to fuel my power . 
 i screamed at the leaches and they were uprooted like flowers in an updraft . 
 they hit against the trees , their bones snapping in the process . 
 `` ellie ? '' 
 whispered marcus . 
 i turned my tear filled face towards him and for the first time in my life i did n't know what to do . 
 `` we need to go . '' 
 he softly said . 
 `` go , go where !? '' 
 i yelled . 
 `` we just have to keep moving . '' 
 he replied . 
 `` what 's the point , everyone keeps on dying , and you 'll probably be next . '' 
 the hurtful words just kept flowing and i could n't stop them . 
 i needed to vent my rage on someone , or something . 
 `` ellie , if i could i would comfort you . '' 
 `` but you ca n't , can you . 
 nobody can touch me ! '' 
 i yelled . 
 `` i know . '' 
 he sadly said . 
 `` is this what my life has come down to , running for my life and getting everyone around me killed ? '' 
 i took a deep breath `` if that what life 's got in store for me then they can shove it ! '' 
 i wiped my face with the back of my hand and looked up at marcus . 
 i could n't get him killed as well , i did n't want that . 
 then an awful thought popped into my head , and i did n't know if i should do it . 
 i walked closer towards him , almost near enough to feel the heat that radiated from his sweat filled body . 
 chapter seventeen `` i 'm so sorry . '' 
 i whispered . 
 marcus gave me a confused look , but before he could work it out i snatched out and took his strong hand into mine . 
 this was the first and last time i would get to hold his hand . 
 at first he put up a struggle but i was too strong for him . 
 i looked deep into his mind and saw how much he thought of me and how much he wanted to protect me . 
 but what i was doing was to protect him . 
 `` do not follow me , forget my name and forget me . '' 
 i said with tears in my eyes . 
 i let his hand drop from mine , and he wore the vacant stare that many wore before him . 
 i took one last look at marcus and turned my back on him , on it all . 
 i walked away while trying not to burst into tears . 
