 1 the adventures of tom bombadil old tom bombadil was a merry fellow ; bright blue his jacket was and his boots were yellow , green were his girdle and his breeches all of leather ; he wore in his tall hat a swan-wing feather . 
 he lived up under hill , where the withywindle ran from a grassy well down into the dingle . 
 old tom in summertime walked about the meadows gathering the buttercups , running after shadows , tickling the bumblebees that buzzed among the flowers , sitting by the waterside for hours upon hours . 
 there his beard dangled long down into the water : up came goldberry , the river-woman 's daughter ; pulled tom 's hanging hair . 
 in he went a-wallowing under the water-lilies , bubbling and a-swallowing . 
 ` hey , tom bombadil ! 
 whither are you going ? ' 
 said fair goldberry . 
 ` bubbles you are blowing , frightening the finny fish and the brown water-rat , startling the dabchicks , and drowning your feather-hat ! ' 
 ` you bring it back again , there 's a pretty maiden ! ' 
 said tom bombadil . ' 
 i do not care for wading . 
 go down ! 
 sleep again where the pools are shady far below willow-roots , little water-lady ! ' 
 back to her mother 's house in the deepest hollow swam young goldberry . 
 but tom , he would not follow ; on knotted willow-roots he sat in sunny weather , drying his yellow boots and his draggled feather . 
 up woke willow-man , began upon his singing , sang tom fast asleep under branches swinging ; in a crack caught him tight : snick ! 
 it closed together , trapped tom bombadil , coat and hat and feather . 
 ` ha , tom bombadil ! 
 what be you a-thinking , peeping inside my tree , watching me a-drinking deep in my wooden house , tickling me with feather , dripping wet down my face like a rainy weather ? ' 
 ` you let me out again , old man willow ! 
 i am stiff lying here ; they 're no sort of pillow , your hard crooked roots . 
 drink your river-water ! 
 go back to sleep again like the river-daughter ! ' 
 willow-man let him loose when he heard him speaking ; locked fast his wooden house , muttering and creaking , whispering inside the tree . 
 out from willow-dingle tom went walking on up the withywindle . 
 under the forest-eaves he sat a while a-listening : on the boughs piping birds were chirruping and whistling . 
 butterflies about his head went quivering and winking , until grey clouds came up , as the sun was sinking . 
 then tom hurried on . 
 rain began to shiver , round rings spattering in the running river ; a wind blew , shaken leaves chilly drops were dripping ; into a sheltering hole old tom went skipping . 
 out came badger-brock with his snowy forehead and his dark blinking eyes . 
 in the hill he quarried with his wife and many sons . 
 by the coat they caught him , pulled him inside their earth , down their tunnels brought him . 
 inside their secret house , there they sat a-mumbling : ` ho , tom bombadil ' where have you come tumbling , bursting in the front-door ? 
 badger-folk have caught you . 
 you 'll never find it out , the way that we have brought you ! ' 
 ` now , old badger-brock , do you hear me talking ? 
 you show me out at once ! 
 i must be a-walking . 
 show me to your backdoor under briar-roses ; then clean grimy paws , wipe your earthy noses ! 
 go back to sleep again on your straw pillow , like fair goldberry and old man willow ! ' 
 then all the badger-folk said : ` we beg your pardon ! ' 
 they showed tom out again to their thorny garden , went back and hid themselves , a-shivering and a-shaking , blocked up all their doors , earth together raking . 
 rain had passed . 
 the sky was clear , and in the summer-gloaming old tom bombadil laughed as he came homing , unlocked his door again , and opened up a shutter . 
 in the kitchen round the lamp moths began to flutter : tom through the window saw waking stars come winking , and the new slender moon early westward sinking . 
 dark came under hill . 
 tom , he lit a candle ; upstairs creaking went , turned the door-handle . 
 ` hoo , tom bombadil ! 
 look what night has brought you ! 
 i 'm here behind the door . 
 now at last i 've caught you ! 
 you 'd forgotten barrow-wight dwelling in the old mound up there on hill-top with the ring of stones round . 
 he 's got loose again . 
 under earth he 'll take you . 
 poor tom bombadil , pale and cold he 'll make you ! ' 
 ` go out ! 
 shut the door , and never come back after ! 
 take away gleaming eyes , take your hollow laughter ! 
 go back to grassy mound , on your stony pillow lay down your bony head , like old man willow , like young goldberry , and badger-folk in burrow ! 
 go back to buried gold and forgotten sorrow ! ' 
 out fled barrow-wight through the window leaping , through the yard , over wall like a shadow sweeping , up hill wailing went back to leaning stone-rings , back under lonely mound , rattling his bone-rings . 
 old tom bombadil lay upon his pillow sweeter than goldberry , quieter than the willow , snugger than the badger-folk or the barrow-dwellers ; slept like a humming-top , snored like a bellows . 
 he woke in morning-light , whistled like a starling , sang , ` come , derry-dol , merry-dol , my darling ! ' 
 he clapped on his battered hat , boots , and coat and feather ; opened the window wide to the sunny weather . 
 wise old bombadil , he was a wary fellow ; bright blue his jacket was , and his boots were yellow . 
 none ever caught old tom in upland or in dingle , walking the forest-paths , or by the withywindle , or out on the lily-pools in boat upon the water . 
 but one day tom , he went and caught the river-daughter , in green gown , flowing hair , sitting in the rushes , singing old water-songs to birds upon the bushes . 
 he caught her , held her fast ! 
 water-rats went scuttering reeds hissed , herons cried , and her heart was fluttering . 
 said tom bombadil : ` here 's my pretty maiden ! 
 you shall come home with me ! 
 the table is all laden : yellow cream , honeycomb , white bread and butter ; roses at the window-sill and peeping round the shutter . 
 you shall come under hill ! 
 never mind your mother in her deep weedy pool : there you 'll find no lover ! ' 
 old tom bombadil had a merry wedding , crowned all with buttercups , hat and feather shedding ; his bride with forgetmenots and flag-lilies for garland was robed all in silver-green . 
 he sang like a starling , hummed like a honey-bee , lilted to the fiddle , clasping his river-maid round her slender middle . 
 lamps gleamed within his house , and white was the bedding ; in the bright honey-moon badger-folk came treading , danced down under hill , and old man willow tapped , tapped at window-pane , as they slept on the pillow , on the bank in the reeds river-woman sighing heard old barrow-wight in his mound crying . 
 old tom bombadil heeded not the voices , taps , knocks , dancing feet , all the nightly noises ; slept till the sun arose , then sang like a starling : ` hey ! 
 come derry-dol , merry-dol , my darling ! ' 
 sitting on the door-step chopping sticks of willow , while fair goldberry combed her tresses yellow . 
 2 bombadil goes boating the old year was turning brown ; the west wind was calling ; tom caught a beechen leaf in the forest falling . 
 ` i 've caught a happy day blown me by the breezes ! 
 why wait till morrow-year ? 
 i 'll take it when me pleases . 
 this day i 'll mend my boat and journey as it chances west down the withy-stream , following my fancies ! ' 
 little bird sat on twig . 
 ` whillo , tom ! 
 i heed you . 
 i 've a guess , i 've a guess where your fancies lead you . 
 shall i go , shall i go , bring him word to meet you ? ' 
 ` no names , you tell-tale , or i 'll skin and eat you , babbling in every ear things that do n't concern you ! 
 if you tell willow-man where i 've gone , i 'll burn you , roast you on a willow-spit . 
 that 'll end your prying ! ' 
 willow-wren cocked her tail , piped as she went flying : ` catch me first , catch me first ! 
 no names are needed . 
 i 'll perch on his hither ear : the message will be heeded . 
 `` down by mithe '' , i 'll say , `` just as sun is sinking '' hurry up , hurry up ! 
 that 's the time for drinking ! ' 
 tom laughed to himself : ` maybe then i 'll go there . 
 i might go by other ways , but today i 'll row there . ' 
 he shaved oars , patched his boat ; from hidden creek he hauled her through reed and sallow-brake , under leaning alder , then down the river went , singing : ` silly-sallow , flow withy-willow-stream over deep and shallow ! ' 
 ` whee ! 
 tom bombadil ! 
 whither be you going , bobbing in a cockle-boat , down the river rowing ? ' 
 ` maybe to brandywine along the withywindle ; maybe friends of mine fire for me will kindle down by the hays-end . 
 little folk i know there , kind at the day 's end . 
 now and then i go there ' . 
 ` take word to my kin , bring me back their tidings ! 
 tell me of diving pools and the fishes ' hidings ! ' 
 ` nay then , ' said bombadil , ' i am only rowing just to smell the water like , not on errands going ' . 
 ` tee hee ! 
 cocky tom ! 
 mind your tub do n't founder ! 
 look out for willow-snags ! 
 i 'd laugh to see you flounder ' . 
 ` talk less , fisher blue ! 
 keep your kindly wishes ! 
 fly off and preen yourself with the bones of fishes ! 
 gay lord on your bough , at home a dirty varlet living in a sloven house , though your breast be scarlet . 
 i 've heard of fisher-birds beak in air a-dangling to show how the wind is set : that 's an end of angling ! ' 
 the king 's fisher shut his beak , winked his eye , as singing tom passed under bough . 
 flash ! 
 then he went winging ; dropped down jewel-blue a feather , and tom caught it gleaming in a sun-ray : a pretty gift he thought it . 
 he stuck it in his tall hat , the old feather casting : ` blue now for tom ' , he said , `` a merry hue and lasting ! ' 
 rings swirled round his boat , he saw the bubbles quiver . 
 tom slapped his oar , smack ! 
 at a shadow in the river . 
 ` hoosh ! 
 tom bombadil ! ' 
 t is long since last i met you . 
 turned water-boatman , eh ? 
 what if i upset you ? ' 
 ` what ? 
 why , whisker-lad , i 'd ride you down the river . 
 my fingers on your back would set your hide a-shiver . ' 
 ` pish , tom bombadil ! 
 i 'll go and tell my mother ; `` call all our kin to come , father , sister , brother ! 
 tom 's gone mad as a coot with wooden legs : he 's paddling down withywindle stream , an old tub a-straddling ! '' ' 
 ` i 'll give your otter-fell to barrow-wights . 
 they 'll taw you ! 
 then smother you in gold-rings ! 
 your mother if she saw you , she 'd never know her son , unless ' t was by a whisker . 
 nay , do n't tease old tom , until you be far brisker ! ' 
 ` whoosh ! 
 said otter-lad , river-water spraying over tom 's hat and all ; set the boat a-swaying , dived down under it , and by the bank lay peering , till tom 's merry song faded out of hearing . 
 old swan of elvet-isle sailed past him proudly , gave tom a black look , snorted at him loudly . 
 tom laughed : ` you old cob , do you miss your feather ? 
 give me a new one then ! 
 the old was worn by weather . 
 could you speak a fair word , i would love you dearer : long neck and dumb throat , but still a haughty sneerer ! 
 if one day the king returns , in upping he may take you , brand your yellow bill , and less lordly make you ! ' 
 old swan huffed his wings , hissed , and paddled faster ; in his wake bobbing on tom went rowing after . 
 tom came to withy-weir . 
 down the river rushing foamed into windle-reach , a-bubbling and a-splashing ; bore tom over stone spinning like a windfall , bobbing like a bottle-cork , to the hythe at grindwall . 
 hoy ! 
 here 's woodman tom with his bill - beard on ! ' 
 laughed all the little folk of hays-end and breredon . 
 ` ware , tom ' we 'll shoot you dead with our bows and arrows ' we do n't let forest-folk nor bogies from the barrows cross over brandywine by cockle-boat nor ferry ' . 
 ` fie , little fatbellies ! 
 do n't ye make so merry ! 
 i 've seen hobbit-folk digging holes to hide 'em , frightened if a horny goat or a badger eyed 'em , afeared of the moony-beams , their own shadows shunning . 
 i 'll call the orks on you : that 'll send you running ! ' 
 ` you may call , woodman tom . 
 and you can talk your beard off . 
 three arrows in your hat ! 
 you we 're not afeared of ! 
 where would you go to now ? 
 if for beer you 're making , the barrels aint deep enough in breredon for your slaking ! ' 
 ` away over brandywine by shirebourn i 'd be going , but too swift for cockle-boat -lrb- he river now is flowing . 
 i 'd bless little folk that took me in their wherry , wish them evenings fair and many mornings merry ' . 
 red flowed the brandywine : with flame the river kindled . 
 as sun sank beyond the shire , and then to grey it dwindled . 
 mithe steps empty stood . 
 none was there to greet him . 
 silent the causeway lay . 
 said tom : ' a merry meeting ! ' 
 tom slumped along the road , as the light was failing . 
 rushey lamps gleamed ahead . 
 he heard a voice him hailing . 
 ` whoa there ! ' 
 ponies stopped , wheels halted sliding . 
 tom went plodding past . 
 never looked beside him . 
 ` ho there ! 
 beggarman tramping in the marish ! 
 what 's your business here ? 
 hat all stuck with arrows ! 
 someone 's warned you off , caught you at your sneaking ? 
 come here ! 
 tell me now what it is you 're seeking ! 
 shire-ale . 
 i 'll be bound , though you 've not a penny . 
 i 'll bid them lock their doors , and then you wo n't get any '' ` well , well . 
 muddy-feet ! 
 from one that 's late for meeting away back by the mithe that 's a surly greeting ! 
 you old farmer fat that can not walk for wheezing , cart-drawn like a sack , ought to be more pleasing . 
 penny-wise tub-on-legs ! 
 a beggar ca n't be chooser , or else i 'd bid you go , and you would be the loser . 
 come , maggot ! 
 help me up ! 
 a tankard now you owe me . 
 even in cockshut light an old friend should know me ! ' 
 laughing they drove away , in rushey never halting , though the inn open stood and they could smell the mailing . 
 they turned down maggot 's lane , rattling and bumping , tom in the farmer 's cart dancing round and jumping . 
 stars shone on bamfurlong , and maggot 's house was lighted ; fire in the kitchen burned to welcome the benighted . 
 maggot 's sons bowed at door , his daughters did their curtsy , his wife brought tankards out for those that might be thirsty . 
 songs they had and merry tales the supping and the dancing ; goodman maggot there for all his belt was prancing , tom did a hornpipe when he was not quaffing , daughters did the springle-ring , goodwife did the laughing . 
 when others went to bed in hay , fern , or feather , close in the inglenook they laid their heads together , old tom and muddy-feet , swapping all the tidings from barrow-downs to tower hills : of walkings and of ridings ; of wheat-ear and barley-corn , of sowing and of reaping ; queer tales from bree , and talk at smithy , mill , and cheaping ; rumours in whispering trees , south-wind in the larches , tall watchers by the ford , shadows on the marches . 
 old maggot slept at last in chair beside the embers . 
 ere dawn tom was gone : as dreams one half remembers , some merry , some sad , and some of hidden warning . 
 none heard the door unlocked ; a shower of rain at morning his footprints washed away , at mithe he left no traces , at hays-end they heard no song nor sound of heavy paces . 
 three days his boat lay by the hythe at grindwall , and then one mom was gone back up withywindle . 
 otter-folk , hobbits said , came by night and loosed her , dragged her over weir , and up stream they pushed her . 
 out from elvet-isle old swan came sailing , in beak took her painter up in the water trailing , drew her proudly on ; otters swam beside her round old willow-man 's crooked roots to guide her ; the king 's fisher perched on bow , on thwart the wren was singing , merrily the cockle-boat homeward they were bringing . 
 to tom 's creek they came at last . 
 otter-lad said : ` whish now ! 
 what 's a coot without his legs , or a unless fish now ? ' 
 o ! 
 silly-sallow-willow-stream ! 
 the oars they 'd left behind them ! 
 long they lay at grindwall hythe for tom to come and find them . 
 3 errantry there was a merry passenger , a messenger , a mariner : he built a gilded gondola to wander in , and had in her a load of yellow oranges and porridge for his provender ; he perfumed her with marjoram and cardamom and lavender . 
 he called the winds of argosies with cargoes in to carry him across the rivers seventeen that lay between to tarry him . 
 he landed all in loneliness where stonily the pebbles on the running river derrilyn goes merrily for ever on . 
 he journeyed then through meadow-lands to shadow-land that dreary lay , and under hill and over hill went roving still a weary way . 
 he sat and sang a melody , his errantry a-tarrying ; he begged a pretty butterfly that fluttered by to marry him . 
 she scorned him and she scoffed at him , she laughed at him unpitying ; so long he studied wizardry and sigaldry and smithying . 
 he wove a tissue airy-thin to snare her in ; to follow her he made him beetle-leather wing and feather wing of swallow-hair he caught her in bewilderment with filament of spider-thread ; he made her soft pavilions of lilies , and a bridal bed of flowers and of thistle-down to nestle down and rest her in ; and silken webs of filmy white and silver light he dressed her in . 
 he threaded gems in necklaces , but recklessly she squandered them and fell to bitter quarrelling ; then sorrowing he wandered on , and there he left her withering , as shivering he fled away ; with windy weather following on swallow-wing he sped away . 
 he passed the archipelagoes where yellow grows the marigold , where countless silver fountains are , and mountains are of fairy-gold . 
 he took to war and foraying , a-harrying beyond the sea , and roaming over belmarie and thellamie and fantasie . 
 he made a shield and morion of coral and of ivory , a sword he made of emerald , and terrible his rivalry with elven-knights of aerie and faerie , with paladins that golden-haired and shining-eyed came riding by and challenged him . 
 of crystal was his habergeon , his scabbard of chalcedony ; with silver tipped at plenilune his spear was hewn of ebony . 
 his javelins were of malachite and stalactite - he brandished them , and went and fought the dragon-flies of paradise , and vanquished them . 
 he battled with the dumbledors , the hummerhorns , and honeybees , and won the golden honeycomb ; and running home on sunny seas in ship of leaves and gossamer with blossom for a canopy , he sat and sang , and furbished up and burnished up his panoply . 
 he tarried for a little while in little isles that lonely lay , and found there naught but blowing grass ; and so at last the only way he took , and turned , and coming home with honeycomb , to memory his message came , and errand too ! 
 in derring-do and glamoury he had forgot them , journeying and tourneying , a wanderer . 
 so now he must depart again and start again bis gondola , for ever still a messenger , a passenger , a tarrier , a-roving as a feather does , a weather-driven mariner . 
 4 little princess mee lovely was she as in elven-song is told : she had pearls in hair all threaded fair ; of gossamer shot with gold was her kerchief made , and a silver braid of stars about her throat . 
 of moth-web light all moonlit-white she wore a woven coat , and round her kirtle was bound a girdle sewn with diamond dew . 
 she walked by day under mantle grey and hood of clouded blue ; but she went by night all glittering bright under the starlit sky , and her slippers frail of fishes ' mail flashed as she went by to her dancing-pool , and on mirror cool of windless water played . 
 as a mist of light in whirling flight a glint like glass she made wherever her feet of silver fleet flicked the dancing-floor . 
 she looked on high to the roofless sky , and she looked to the shadowy shore ; then round she went , and her eyes she bent and saw beneath her go a princess shee as fair as mee : they were dancing toe to toe ! 
 shee was as light as mee , and as bright ; but shee was , strange to tell , hanging down with starry crown into a bottomless well ! 
 her gleaming eyes in great surprise looked up to the eyes of mee : a marvellous thing , head-down to swing above a starry sea ! 
 only their feet could ever meet ; for where the ways might lie to find a land where they do not stand but hang down in the sky no one could tell nor learn in spell in all the elven-lore . 
 so still on her own an elf alone dancing as before with pearls in hair and kirtle fair and slippers frail of fishes ' mail went mee : of fishes ' mail and slippers frail and kirtle fair with pearls in hair went shee ! 
 5 the man in the moon stayed up too late there is an inn , a merry old inn beneath an old grey hill , and there they brew a beer so brown that the man in the moon himself came down one night to drink his fill . 
 the ostler has a tipsy cat that plays a five-stringed fiddle ; and up and down he runs his bow , now squeaking high , now purring low , now sawing in the middle . 
 the landlord keeps a little dog that is mighty fond of jokes ; when there 's good cheer among the guests , he cocks an ear at all the jests and laughs unlit he choices . 
 they also keep a horned cow as proud as any queen ; but music turns her head like ale , and makes her wave her tufted tail and dance upon the green . 
 and o ! 
 the row of silver dishes and the store of silver spoons ! 
 for sunday there 's a special pair , and these they polish up with care on saturday afternoons . 
 the man in the moon was drinking deep , and the cat began to wail ; dish and a spoon on the table danced , he cow in the garden madly pranced , and the little dog chased his tail . 
 the man in the moon took another mug , and then rolled beneath his chair ; and there he dozed and dreamed of ale , till in the sky the stars were pale , and dawn was in the air . 
 the ostler said to his tipsy cat : ` the white horses of the moon , they neigh and champ their silver bits ; `` but their master 's been and drowned his wits , and the sun 'll be rising soon ! ' 
 so the cat on his fiddle played hey-diddle-diddle , a jig that would wake the dead : he squeaked and sawed and quickened the tune , while the landlord shook the man in the moon : ` it 's after three ! ' 
 he said . 
 they rolled the man slowly up the hill and bundled him into the moon , while his horses galloped up in rear , and the cow came capering like a deer , and a dish ran up with a spoon . 
 now quicker the fiddle went deedle-dum-diddle ; the dog began to roar , the cow and the horses stood on their heads ; the guests all bounded from their beds and danced upon the floor . 
 with a ping and a pong the fiddle-strings broke ! 
 the cow jumped over the moon , and the little dog laughed to see such fun , and the saturday dish went off at a run with the silver sunday spoon . 
 the round moon rolled behind the hill , as the sun raised up her head . 
 she hardly believed her fiery eyes ; for though it was day , to her surprise they all went back to bed ! 
 6 the man in the moon came down too soon the man in the moon had silver shoon , and his beard was of silver thread ; with opals crowned and pearls all bound about his girdlestead , in his mantle grey he walked one day across a shining floor , and with crystal key in secrecy he opened an ivory door . 
 on a filigree stair of glimmering hair then lightly down he went , and merry was he at last to be free on a mad adventure bent . 
 in diamonds white he had lost delight ; he was tired of his minaret of tall moonstone that towered alone on a lunar mountain set . 
 he would dare any peril for ruby and beryl to broider his pale attire , for new diadems of lustrous gems , emerald and sapphire . 
 so was lonely too with nothing to do but stare at the world of gold and heark to the hum that would distantly come as gaily round it rolled . 
 at plenilune in his argent moon in his heart he longed for fire : not the limpid lights of wan selenites ; for red was his desire , for crimson and rose and ember-glows , for flame with burning tongue , for the scarlet skies in a swift sunrise when a stormy day is young . 
 he 'd have seas of blues , and the living hues of forest green and fen ; and he yearned for the mirth of the populous earth and the sanguine blood of men . 
 he coveted song , and laughter long , and viands hot , and wine , eating pearly cakes of light snowflakes and drinking thin moonshine . 
 he twinkled his feet , as he thought of the meat , of pepper , and punch galore ; and he tripped unaware on his slanting stair , and like a meteor , a star in flight , ere yule one night flickering down he fell from his laddery path to a foaming bath in the windy bay of bel . 
 he began to think , lest he melt and sink , what in the moon to do , when a fisherman 's boat found him far afloat to the amazement of the crew , caught in their net all shimmering wet in a phosphorescent sheen of bluey whites and opal lights and delicate liquid green . 
 against his wish with the morning fish they packed him back to land : ` you had best get a bed in an inn ' , they said ; ` the town is near at hand ' . 
 only the knell of one slow bell high in the seaward tower announced the news of his moonsick cruise at that unseemly hour . 
 not a hearth was laid , not a breakfast made , and dawn was cold and damp . 
 there were ashes for fire , and for grass the mire , for the sun a smoking lamp in a dim back-street . 
 not a man did he meet , no voice was raised in song ; there were snores instead , for all folk were abed and still would slumber long . 
 he knocked as he passed on doors locked fast , and called and cried in vain , till he came to an inn that had light within , and tapped at a window-pane . 
 a drowsy cook gave a surly look , and ` what do you want ? ' 
 said he . ' 
 i want fire and gold and songs of old and red wine flowing free ! ' 
 ` you wo n't get them here ' , said the cook with a leer , ` but you may come inside . 
 silver i lack and silk to my back - maybe i 'll let you bide ' . 
 a silver gift the latch to lift , a pearl to pass the door ; for a seat by the cook in the ingle-nook it cost him twenty more . 
 for hunger or drouth naught passed his mouth till he gave both crown and cloak ; and all that he got , in an earthen pot broken and black with smoke , was porridge cold and two days old to eat with a wooden spoon . 
 for puddings of yule with plums , poor fool , he arrived so much too soon : an unwary guest on a lunatic quest from the mountains of the moon . 
 7 the stone troll troll sat alone on his seat of stone , and munched and mumbled a bare old bone ; for many a year he had gnawed it near , for meat was hard to come by . 
 done by ! 
 gum by ! 
 in a cave in the hills he dwelt alone , and meat was hard to come by . 
 up came tom with his big boots on . 
 said he to troll : ` pray , what is yon ? 
 for it looks like the shin o ' roy nuncle tim , as should be a-lyin ' in graveyard . 
 caveyard ! 
 paveyard ! 
 this many a year has tim been gone , and i thought he were lyin ' in graveyard ' . 
 ` my lad ' , said troll , ` this bone i stole . 
 but what be bones that lie in a hole ? 
 thy nuncle was dead as a lump o ' lead , afore i found his shinbone . 
 tinbone ! 
 thinbone ! 
 he can spare a share for a poor old troll ; for he do n't need his shinbone ' . 
 said tom : ' i do n't see why the likes o ' thee without axin ' leave should go makin ' free with the shank or the shin o ' my father 's kin ; so hand the old bone over ! 
 rover ! 
 trover ! 
 though dead he be , it belongs to he ; so hand the old bone over ! ' 
 ` for a couple o ' pins ' , says troll , and grins , ` i 'll eat thee too , and gnaw thy shins . 
 a bit o ' fresh meat will go down sweet ! 
 i 'll try my teeth on thee now . 
 ֧ now ! 
 see now ! 
 i 'm tired o ' gnawing old bones and skins ; i 've a mind to dine on thee now ' . 
 but just as he thought his dinner was caught , he found his hands had hold of naught . 
 before he could mind , tom slipped behind and gave him the boot to larn him . 
 warn him ! 
 darn him ! 
 a bump o ' the boot on the seat , tom thought , would be the way to larn him . 
 but harder than stone is the flesh and bone of a troll that sits in the hills alone . 
 as well set your boot to the mountain 's root , for the seat of a troll do n't feel it . 
 peel it ! 
 heal it ! 
 old troll laughed , when he heard tom groan , and he knew his toes could feel it . 
 tom 's leg is game , since home he came , and his bootless foot is lasting lame ; but troll do n't care , and he 's still there with the bone he boned from its owner . 
 doner ! 
 boner ! 
 troll 's old seat is still the same , and the bone he boned from its owner ! 
 8 perry-the-winkle the lonely troll he sat on a stone and sang a mournful lay : ' o why , o why must i live on my own in the hills of faraway ? 
 my folk are gone beyond recall and take no thought of me ; alone i 'm left , the last of all from weathertop to the sea ' . ' 
 i steal no gold , i drink no beer , i eat no kind of meat ; but people slam their doors in fear , whenever they hear my feet . 
 o how i wish that they were neat , and my hands were not so rough ! 
 yet my heart is soft , my smile is sweet , and my cooking good enough . ' 
 ` come , come ! ' 
 he thought , ` this will not do ! 
 i must go and find a friend ; a-walking soft i 'll wander through the shire from end to end ' . 
 down he went , and he walked all night with his feet in boots of fur ; to delving he came in the morning light , when folk were just astir . 
 he looked around , and who did he meet but old mrs. bunce and all with umbrella and basket walking the street ; and he smiled and stopped to call : ` good morning , ma'am ! 
 good day to you ! 
 i hope i find you well ? ' 
 but she dropped umbrella and basket too , and yelled a frightful yell . 
 old pott the mayor was strolling near ; when he heard that awful sound , he turned all purple and pink with fear , and dived down underground . 
 the lonely troll was hurt and sad : ` do n't go ! ' 
 he gently said , but old mrs. bunce ran home like mad and hid beneath her bed . 
 the troll went on to the market-place and peeped above the stalls ; the sheep went wild when they saw his face , and the geese flew over the walls . 
 old farmer hogg he spilled his ale , bill butcher threw a knife , and grip his dog , he turned his tail and ran to save his life . 
 the old troll sadly sat and wept outside the lockholes gate , and perry-the-winkle up he crept and patted him on the pate . ' 
 o why do you weep , you great big lump ? 
 you 're better outside than in ! ' 
 he gave the troll a friendly thump , and laughed to see him grin . ' 
 o perry-the-winkle boy ' , he cried , ` come , you 're the lad for me ! 
 now if you 're willing to take a ride , i 'll carry you home to tea ' . 
 he jumped on his back and held on tight , and ` off you go ! ' 
 said he ; and the winkle had a feast that night , and sat on the old troll 's knee . 
 there were pikelets , there was buttered toast , and jam , and cream , and cake , and the winkle strove to eat the most , though his buttons all should break . 
 the kettle sang , the fire was hot , the pot was large and brown , and the winkle tried to drink the lot , in tea though he should drown . 
 when full and tight were coat and skin , they rested without speech , till the old troll said : ` i 'll now begin the baker 's art to teach , the making of beautiful cramsome bread , of bannocks light and brown ; and then you can sleep on a heather-bed with pillows of owlets ' down ' . 
 ` young winkle , where 've you been ? ' 
 they said . 
 ` i 've been to a fulsome tea , and i feel so fat , for i have fed on cramsome bread ' , said he . 
 ` but where , my lad , in the shire was that ? 
 or out in bree ? ' 
 said they . 
 but winkle he up and answered flat : ' i aint a-going to say ' . 
 ` but i know where ' , said peeping jack , ' i watched him ride away : he went upon the old troll 's back to the hills of faraway ' . 
 then all the people went with a will , by pony , cart , or moke , until they came to a house in a hill and saw a chimney smoke . 
 they hammered upon the old troll 's door . ' 
 a beautiful cramsome cake o bake for us , please , or two , or more ; o bake ! ' 
 they cried , ' o bake ! ' 
 ` go home , go home ! ' 
 the old troll said . ' 
 i never invited you . 
 only on thursdays i bake my bread , and only for a few ' . 
 ` go home ! 
 go home ! 
 there 's some mistake . 
 my house is far too small ; and i 've no pikelets , cream , or cake : the winkle has eaten all ! 
 you jack , and hogg , old bunce and pott i wish no more to see . 
 be off ! 
 be off now all the lot ! 
 the winkle 's the boy for me ! ' 
 now perry-the-winkle grew so fat through eating of cramsome bread , his weskit bust , and never a hat would sit upon his head ; for every thursday he went to tea , and sat on the kitchen floor , and smaller the old troll seemed to be , as he grew more and more . 
 the winkle a baker great became , as still is said in song ; from the sea to bree there went the fame of his bread both short and long . 
 but it were n't so good as the cramsome bread ; no butter so rich and free , as every thursday the old troll spread for perry-the-winkle 's tea . 
 9 the mewlips the shadows where the mewlips dwell are dark and wet as ink , and slow and softly rings their bell , as in the slime you sink . 
 you sink into the slime , who dare to knock upon their door , while down the grinning gargoyles stare and noisome waters pour . 
 beside the rotting river-strand the drooping willows weep , and gloomily the gorcrows stand croaking in their sleep . 
 over the merlock mountains a long and weary way , in a mouldy valley where the trees are grey , by a dark pool 's borders without wind or tide , moonless and sunless , the mewlips hide . 
 the cellars where the mewlips sit are deep and dank and cold with single sickly candle lit ; and there they count their gold . 
 their walls are wet , their ceilings drip ; their feet upon the floor go softly with a squish-flap-flip , as they sidle to the door . 
 they peep out slyly ; through a crack their feeling fingers creep , and when they 've finished , in a sack your bones they lake to keep . 
 beyond the merlock mountains , a long and lonely road . 
 through the spider-shadows and the marsh of tode , and through the wood of hanging trees and the gallows-weed , you go to find the mewlips c and the mewlips feed . 
 10 oliphaunt grey as a mouse , big as a house , nose like a snake , i make the earth shake , as i tramp through the grass ; trees crack as i pass . 
 with horns in my mouth i walk in the south , flapping big ears . 
 beyond count of years i stump round and round , never lie on the ground , not even to die . 
 oliphaunt am i , biggest of all , huge , old , and tall . 
 if ever you 'd met me , you would n't forget me . 
 if you never do , you wo n't think i 'm true ; but old oliphaunt am i. and i never lie . 
 11 fastitocalon look , there is fastitocalon ! 
 an island good to land upon , although ' t is rather bare . 
 come , leave the sea ! 
 and let us run , or dance , or lie down in the sun ! 
 see , gulls are sitting there ! 
 beware ! 
 gulls do not sink . 
 there they may sit , or strut and prink : their part it is to tip the wink , if anyone should dare upon that isle to settle , or only for a while to get relief from sickness or the wet , or maybe boil a kettle . 
 ah , foolish folk , who land on him , and little fires proceed to trim and hope perhaps for tea ! 
 it may be that his shell is thick , he seems to sleep ; but he is quick , and floats now in the sea with guile ; and when he hears their tapping feet , or faintly feels the sudden heat , with smile he dives , and promptly turning upside-down he tips them off , and deep they drown , and lose their silly lives to their surprise , be wise ! 
 there are many monsters in the sea , but none so perilous as he , old horny fastitocalon , whose mighty kindred all have gone , the last of the old turtle-fish . 
 so if to save your life you wish then i advise : pay heed to sailors ' ancient lore , set foot on no uncharted shore ! 
 or better still , your days at peace on middle-earth in mirth 12 the cat the fat cat on the mat may seem to dream of nice mice that suffice for him , or cream ; but he free , maybe , walks in thought unbowed , proud , where loud roared and fought his kin , lean and slim , or deep in den in the east feasted on beasts and tender men . 
 the giant lion with iron claw in paw , and huge ruthless tooth in gory jaw ; the paid dark-starred , fleet upon feet , that oft soft from aloft leaps on his meat where woods loom in gloom - far now they be , fierce and free , and tamed is he ; but fat cat on the mat kept as a pet , he does not forget . 
 13 shadow-bride there was a man who dwelt alone , as day and night went past he sat as still as carven stone , and yet no shadow cast . 
 the white owls perched upon his head beneath the winter moon ; they wiped their beaks and thought him dead under the stars of june . 
 there came a lady clad in grey in the twilight shining : one moment she would stand and stay , her hair with flowers entwining . 
 he woke , as had he sprung of stone , and broke the spell that bound him ; he clasped her fast , both flesh and bone , and wrapped her shadow round him . 
 there never more she walks her ways by sun or moon or star ; she dwells below where neither days nor any nights there are . 
 but once a year when caverns yawn and hidden things awake , they dance together then till dawn and a single shadow make . 
 14 the hoard when the moon was new and the sun young of silver and gold the gods sung : in the green grass they silver spilled , and the white waters they with gold filled . 
 ere the pit was dug or hell yawned , ere dwarf was bred or dragon spawned , there were elves of old , and strong spells under green hills in hollow dells they sang as they wrought many fair things , and the bright crowns of the elf-kings . 
 but their doom fell , and their song waned , by iron hewn and by steel chained . 
 greed that sang not , nor with mouth smiled , in dark holes their wealth piled , graven silver and carven gold : over elvenhome the shadow rolled . 
 there was an old dwarf in a dark cave , to silver and gold his fingers clave ; with hammer and tongs and anvil-stone he worked his hands to the hard bone . 
 and coins he made , and strings of rings , and thought to buy the power of kings . 
 but his eyes grew dim and his ears dull and the skin yellow on his old skull ; through his bony claw with a pale sheen the stony jewels slipped unseen . 
 no feet he heard , though the earth quaked . 
 when the young dragon his thirst slaked . 
 and the stream smoked at his dark door . 
 the flames hissed on the dank floor , and he died alone in the red fire ; his bones were ashes in the hot mire . 
 there was an old dragon under grey stone ; his red eyes blinked as he lay alone . 
 his joy was dead and his youth spent , he was knobbed and wrinkled , and his limbs bent in the long years to his gold chained ; in his heart 's furnace the fire waned . 
 to his belly 's slime gems stuck thick , silver and gold he would snuff and lick : he knew the place of the least ring beneath the shadow of his black wing . 
 of thieves he thought on his hard bed , and dreamed that on their flesh he fed , their bones crushed , and their blood drank : his ears drooped and his breath sank . 
 mail-rings rang . 
 he heard them not . 
 a voice echoed in his deep grot : a young warrior with a bright sword called him forth to defend his hoard . 
 his teeth were knives , and of horn his hide , but iron tore him , and his flame died . 
 there was an old king on a high throne : his white beard lay on knees of bone ; his mouth savoured neither meat nor drink , nor his ears song ; he could only think of his huge chest with carven lid where pale gems and gold lay hid in secret treasury in the dark ground ; its strong doors were iron-bound . 
 the swords of his thanes were dull with rust , his glory fallen , his rule unjust , his halls hollow , and his bowers cold , but king he was of elvish gold . 
 he heard not the horns in the mountain-pass , he smelt not the blood on the trodden grass , but his halls were burned , his kingdom lost ; in a cold pit his bones were tossed . 
 there is an old hoard in a dark rock , forgotten behind doors none can unlock ; that grim gate no man can pass . 
 on the mound grows the green grass ; there sheep feed and the larks soar , and the wind blows from the sea-shore . 
 the old hoard the night shall keep , while earth waits and the elves sleep . 
 15 the sea-bell i walked by the sea , and there came to me , as a star-beam on the wet sand , a white shell like a sea-bell ; trembling it lay in my wet hand . 
 in my fingers shaken i heard waken a ding within , by a harbour bar a buoy swinging , a call ringing over endless seas , faint now and far . 
 then i saw a boat silently float on the night-tide , empty and grey . 
 ` it is later than late ! 
 why do we wait ? ' 
 i leapt in and cried : ` bear me away ! ' 
 it bore me away , wetted with spray , wrapped in a mist , wound in a sleep , to a forgotten strand in a strange land . 
 in the twilight beyond the deep i heard a sea-bell swing in the swell , dinging , dinging , and the breakers roar on the hidden teeth of a perilous reef ; and at last i came to a long shore . 
 white it glimmered , and the sea simmered with star-mirrors in a silver net ; cliffs of stone pale as ruel-bone in the moon-foam were gleaming wet . 
 glittering sand slid through my hand , dust of pearl and jewel-grist , trumpets of opal , roses of coral , flutes of green and amethyst . 
 but under cliff-eaves there were glooming caves , weed-curtained , dark and grey ; a cold air stirred in my hair , and the light waned , as i hurried away . 
 down from a hill ran a green rill ; its water i drank to my heart 's ease . 
 up its fountain-stair to a country fair of ever-eve i came , far from the seas , climbing into meadows of fluttering shadows : flowers lay there like fallen stars , and on a blue pool , glassy and cool , like floating moons the nenuphars . 
 alders were sleeping , and willows weeping by a slow river of rippling weeds ; gladdon-swords guarded the fords , and green spears , and arrow-reeds . 
 there was echo of song all the evening long down in the valley ; many a thing running to and fro : hares white as snow , voles out of holes ; moths on the wing with lantern-eyes ; in quiet surprise brocks were staring out of dark doors . 
 i heard dancing there , music in the air , feet going quick on the green floors . 
 but whenever i came it was ever the same : the feet fled , and all was still ; never a greeting , only the fleeting pipes , voices , horns on the hill . 
 of river-leaves and the rush-sheaves i made me a mantle of jewel-green , a tall wand to hold , and a flag of gold ; my eyes shone like the star-sheen . 
 with flowers crowned i stood on a mound , and shrill as a call at cock-crow proudly i cried : ` why do you hide ? 
 why do none speak , wherever i go ? 
 here now i stand , king of this land , with gladdon-sword and reed-mace . 
 answer my call ! 
 come forth all ! 
 speak to me words ! 
 show me a face ! ' 
 black came a cloud as a night-shroud . 
 like a dark mole groping i went , to the ground falling , on my hands crawling with eyes blind and my back bent . 
 i crept to a wood : silent it stood in its dead leaves , bare were its boughs . 
 there must i sit , wandering in wit , while owls snored in their hollow house . 
 for a year and a day there must i stay : beetles were tapping in the rotten trees , spiders were weaving , in the mould heaving puffballs loomed about my knees . 
 at last there came light in my long night , and i saw my hair hanging grey . 
 ` bent though i be , i must find the sea ! 
 i have lost myself , and i know not the way , but let me be gone ! ' 
 then i stumbled on ; like a hunting bat shadow was over me ; in my ears dinned a withering wind , and with ragged briars i tried to cover me . 
 my hands were torn and my knees worn , and years were heavy upon my back , when the rain in my face took a salt taste , and i smelled the smell of sea-wrack . 
 birds came sailing , mewing , wailing ; i heard voices in cold caves , seals barking , and rocks snarling , and in spout-holes the gulping of waves . 
 winter came fast ; into a mist i passed , to land 's end my years i bore ; snow was in the air , ice in my hair , darkness was lying on the last shore . 
 there still afloat waited the boat , in the tide lifting , its prow tossing . 
 weary i lay , as it bore me away , the waves climbing , the seas crossing , passing old hulls clustered with gulls and great ships laden with light , coming to haven , dark as a raven , silent as snow , deep in the night . 
 houses were shuttered , wind round them muttered , roads were empty . 
 i sat by a door , and where drizzling rain poured down a drain i cast away all that i bore : in my clutching hand some grains of sand , and a sea-shell silent and dead . 
 never will my ear that bell hear , never my feet that shore tread never again , as in sad lane , in blind alley and in long street ragged i walk . 
 to myself i talk ; 16 the last ship firiel looked out at three o'clock : the grey night was going ; far away a golden cock clear and shrill was crowing . 
 the trees were dark , and the dawn pale , waking birds were cheeping , a wind moved cool and frail through dim leaves creeping . 
 she watched the gleam at window grow , till the long light was shimmering on land and leaf ; on grass below grey dew was glimmering . 
 over the floor her white feet crept , down the stair they twinkled , through the grass they dancing stepped all with dew besprinkled . 
 her gown had jewels upon its hem , as she ran down to the river , and leaned upon a willow-stem , and watched the water quiver . 
 a kingfisher plunged down like a stone in a blue flash falling , bending reeds were softly blown , lily-leaves were sprawling . 
 a sudden music to her came , as she stood there gleaming with free hair in the morning 's flame on her shoulders streaming . 
 flutes there were , and harps were wrung , and there was sound of singing , like wind-voices keen and young and far bells ringing . 
 a ship with golden beak and oar and timbers white came gliding ; swans went sailing on before , her tall prow guiding . 
 fair folk out of elvenland in silver-grey were rowing , and three with crowns she saw there stand with bright hair flowing . 
 with harp in hand they sang their song to the slow oars swinging : ` green is the land , the leaves are long , and the birds are singing . 
 many a day with dawn of gold this earth will lighten , many a flower will yet unfold , ere the cornfields whiten . 
 ` then whither go ye , boatmen fair , down the river gliding ? 
 to twilight and to secret lair in the great forest hiding ? 
 to northern isles and shores of stone on strong swans flying , by cold waves to dwell alone with the white gulls crying ? ' 
 ` nay ! ' 
 they answered . 
 ` far away on the last road faring , leaving western havens grey , the seas of shadow daring , we go back to elvenhome , where the white tree is growing , and the star shines upon the foam on the last shore flowing . 
 ` to mortal fields say farewell , middle-earth forsaking ! 
 in elvenhome a clear bell in the high tower is shaking . 
 here grass fades and leaves fall , and sun and moon wither , and we have heard the far call that bids us journey thither ' , the oars were stayed . 
 they turned aside : ` do you hear the call , earth-maiden ? 
 firiel ! 
 firiel ! ' 
 they cried . 
 ` our ship is not full-laden . 
 one more only we may bear . 
 come ! 
 for your days are speeding . 
 come ! 
 earth-maiden elven-fair , our last call heeding . ' 
 firiel looked from the river-bank , one step daring ; then deep in clay her feet sank , and she halted staring . 
 slowly the elven-ship went by whispering through the water : ' i can not come ' they heard her cry . ' 
 i was born earth 's daughter ! ' 
 no jewels bright her gown bore , as she walked back from the meadow under roof and dark door , under the house-shadow . 
 she donned her smock of russet brown , her long hair braided , and to her work came stepping down . 
 soon the sunlight faded . 
 year still after year flows down the seven rivers ; cloud passes , sunlight glows , reed and willow quivers at morn and eve , but never more westward ships have waded in mortal waters as before , 
