 screams in the dark . 
 mother pushes and after a long fight i slip out of her body on to a bed of blood-soaked grass . 
 i cry from the shock of cold air as i take my first breath . 
 mother laughs weakly , picks me up , holds me tight and feeds me . 
 i drink hungrily , lips fastened to her breast , my tiny hands and feet shivering madly . 
 rain pelts us , washing blood from my wrinkled , warm skin . 
 once i 'm clean , mother shields me as best she can . 
 she 's weary but she ca n't rest . 
 must move on . 
 kissing my forehead , she sighs and struggles to her feet . 
 stumbles through the rain , tripping often and falling , but protecting me always . 
 banba never believed i could remember my birth . 
 she said it was impossible , even for a powerful priestess or druid . 
 she thought i was imagining it . 
 but i was n't . 
 i remember it perfectly , like everything in my life . 
 coming into this world roughly , in the wilderness , my mother alone and exhausted . 
 clinging to her as she pushed on through the rain , over unfamiliar land , singing to me , trying to keep me warm . 
 my thoughts were a jumble . 
 i experienced the world in bewildering fragments and flashes . 
 but even in my newborn state of confusion i could sense my mother 's desperation . 
 her fear was infectious , and though i was too young to truly know terror , i felt it in my heart and trembled . 
 after endless , pain-filled hours , she collapsed at the gate of a ringed , wooden fort-the rath where i live now . 
 she did n't have the strength to call for help . 
 so she lay there , in the water and mud , holding my head up , smiling at me while i scowled and burped . 
 she kissed me one last time , then clutched me to her breast . 
 i drank greedily until the milk stopped . 
 then , still hungry , i wailed for more . 
 in the damp , gloomy dawn , goll heard me and investigated . 
 the old warrior found me struggling feebly , crying in the arms of my cold , stiff , lifeless mother . 
 `` if you remember so much , you must remember what she called you , '' banba often teased me . 
 `` surely she named her little girl . '' 
 but if she did give me a name , she never said it aloud . 
 i do n't know her name either , or why she died alone in such miserable distress , far from home . 
 i can remember everything of my own life but i know nothing of hers , where i came from or who i really am . 
 those are mysteries i do n't think i 'll ever solve . 
 i often retreat into my early memories , seeking joy in the past , trying to forget the horrors of the present . 
 i go right back to my first day here , goll carrying me into the rath and joking about the big tat he 'd found , the debate over whether i should be left to die outside with my mother or accepted as one of the clan . 
 banba testing me , telling them i was a child of magic , that she 'd rear me to be a priestess . 
 some of the men were against that , suspicious of me , but banba said they 'd bring a curse down on the rath if they drove me away . 
 in the end she got her way , like she usually did . 
 growing up in banba 's tiny hut . 
 everybody else in the rath shares living quarters , but a priestess is always given a place of her own . 
 lying on the warm grass floor . 
 drinking goat 's milk , which banba squeezed through a piece of cloth . 
 staring at a world which was sometimes light , sometimes dark . 
 hearing sounds when the big people moved their lips , but not sure what the noises meant . 
 not understanding the words . 
 crawling , then walking . 
 growing in body and mind . 
 learning more every day , fitting words together to talk , screeching happily when i got them right . 
 realising i had a name-bec . 
 it means `` little one '' . 
 it 's what goll called me when he first found me . 
 i was proud of the name . 
 it was the only thing i owned , something nobody could ever take from me . 
 as i grew up , banba trained me , teaching me the ways of magic . 
 i was a fast learner , since i could remember the words of every spell banba taught me . 
 of course , there 's more to magic than spells . 
 a priestess needs to soak up the power of the world around her , to draw strength from the land , the wind , the animals and trees . 
 i was n't so good at that . 
 i doubted i 'd ever make a really strong priestess , but banba said i 'd improve in time , if i worked hard . 
 i discovered early on that i 'd never fit in . 
 the other children were wary of the priestess 's apprentice . 
 their mothers warned them not to hurt me , in case i turned their eyes into runny pools or their teeth into tiny squares of mud . 
 i was sad that i could n't be one of them . 
 i asked banba where i came from , if there was a place i could go where i 'd be more welcome . 
 `` priestesses are welcome nowhere , '' she answered plainly . 
 `` folk are pleased to have us close , so they can call on us when the crops fail or a woman ca n't get round with child . 
 but they never truly trust us . 
 they do n't take us into their confidence unless they have to . 
 better get used to it , little one . 
 this is our life . '' 
 the life was n't so bad . 
 there was always plenty of food for a priestess , from people eager to win her favour and avoid a nasty curse . 
 and there was respect , and gifts when i made spells work . 
 people wondered how powerful i 'd become and what i could do to make the rath stronger . 
 banba often laughed about that-she said people were always either too suspicious or expected too much . 
 a few treated me normally , like goll of the one eye . 
 chief of the rath once , now just an ageing warrior . 
 he did n't care that i was a stranger , from no known background , studying to be a priestess . 
 i was simply a little girl to him . 
 he even spoilt me sometimes , since in a way he felt like my father , as he was the one who found and named me . 
 he often played with me , put me up on his broad shoulders and gave me rides around the rath , grunting like a pig while others laughed or sneered . 
 all the children loved goll . 
 he was a fierce warrior , who 'd killed many men in battle , but he was still a child secretly , in his heart . 
 those were the best days . 
 dreaming of the magic i 'd work when i grew up . 
 harvesting the crops . 
 herding cattle and sheep . 
 i was n't supposed to do ordinary work , but if a child was lazy and i offered to help , they usually let me . 
 some even became friends over time . 
 they would n't admit it in front of their mothers or fathers , but when nobody was looking they 'd talk to me and include me in their games . 
 playing ... working ... learning the ways of magic . 
 good times . 
 simple times . 
 life going on the way it had since the world began , like it was meant to . 
 a boy 's screams pierce the silence of the night and the village explodes into life . 
 warriors are already racing towards him by the time i whirl from my watching point near the gate . 
 torches are flung into the darkness . 
 i see ninian , a year younger than me , new to the watch ... a two-headed demon , pieced together from the bones and flesh of the dead ... blood . 
 goll is first on the scene . 
 an old-style warrior , he fights naked , with only a small leather shield , a short sword and axe . 
 he hacks at the demon with his axe and buries it deep in one of the monster 's heads . 
 the demon screeches but does n't release ninian . 
 it lashes out at goll with a fleshless arm and knocks him back , then buries the teeth of its uninjured head in ninian 's throat . 
 the screams stop with a sickening choking sound . 
 conn and three other warriors swarm past goll and attack the demon . 
 it swings ninian at them like a club and scythes two of them down . 
 conn and another keep their feet . 
 conn jabs one of the monster 's eyes with his spear . 
 the demon squeals like a banshee . 
 the other warrior-ena-slides in close , grabs the beast 's head and twists , snapping its neck . 
 if you break a human 's neck , that person will almost surely die . 
 but demons are made of sturdier stuff . 
 broken necks just annoy most of them . 
 with one hand the demon grabs the head which goll shattered with his axe . 
 rips it off and batters ena with it . 
 she does n't let go . 
 snaps the neck again , in the opposite direction . 
 it comes loose and she drops it . 
 she pulls a knife from a scabbard strapped to her back and drives it into the rotting bones of the skull . 
 making a hole , she wrenches the sides apart with her hands , digs in and pulls out a fistful of brains . 
 grabs a torch and sets fire to the grey goo . 
 the demon howls and grabs blindly for the burning brains . 
 conn snatches the other head from its hand . 
 he throws it to the ground and mashes it to a pulp with his axe . 
 the demon shudders , then slumps . 
 `` more ! '' 
 comes a call from near the gate . 
 it 's late-later than demons usually attack . 
 most of the warriors on the main watch have retired for the night , replaced by children like me . 
 our eyes and ears are normally sharp . 
 but this close to dawn , most of us are sleepy and sluggish . 
 we 've been caught off guard . 
 the demons have snuck up . 
 they have the advantage . 
 bodies spill out of huts . 
 hands grab spears , swords , axes , knives . 
 men and women race to the rampart . 
 most are naked , even those who normally fight in clothes-no time to get dressed . 
 demons pound on the gate and scale the banks of earth outside , tearing at the sharpened wooden poles of the fence , clambering over . 
 the two-headed monster might have been a diversion , sent to distract us . 
 or else it just had a terrible sense of direction , as many corpse-demons do . 
 warriors mount ladders or haul themselves up on to the rampart to tackle the demons . 
 it 's hard to tell how many monsters there are . 
 definitely five or six . 
 and at least two are real demons - fomorii . 
 conn arrives at the gate , shouting orders . 
 he bellows at those on watch who 've strayed from their posts . 
 `` stay where you are ! 
 call if clear ! '' 
 the trembling children return to their positions and peer into the darkness , waving torches over their heads . 
 in turn they yell , `` clear ! '' 
 `` clear ! '' 
 `` clear ! '' 
 one starts to shout `` cle - '' , then screams , `` no ! 
 three of them over here ! '' 
 `` with me ! '' 
 goll roars at ena and the others who fought the first demon . 
 they held back from the battle at the gate , in case of a second attack like this . 
 goll leads them against the trio of demons . 
 i see fury in his face-he 's not furious with the demons , but with himself . 
 he made a mistake with the first one and let it knock him down . 
 that wo n't happen again . 
 as the warriors engage the demons , i move to the centre of the rath and wait . 
 i do n't normally get involved in fights . 
 i 'm too valuable to risk . 
 if the demons break through the barricades , or if an especially powerful fomorii comes up against us-that 's when i go into action . 
 to be honest , i doubt i could do much against the stronger fomorii . 
 everybody in the rath knows that . 
 but we pretend i 'm a great priestess , mistress of all the magics . 
 the lie comforts us and gives us some faint shadow of hope . 
 the younger children of the rath cluster around me , watching their parents fight to the death against the foul legions of the otherworld . 
 their older brothers and sisters are at the foot of the rampart , passing up weapons to the adults , ready to dive into the breach if they fall . 
 but these young ones would n't be of much use . 
 i hate standing with them . 
 i 'd rather be at the rampart . 
 but duty comes at a price . 
 each of us does what we can do best . 
 my wishes do n't matter . 
 the welfare of the rath and my people comes first . 
 always . 
 one of the fomorii makes it over the fence . 
 half-human , half-boar . 
 a long jaw . 
 a mix of human teeth and tusks . 
 demonic yellow eyes . 
 claws instead of hands . 
 it bellows at the warriors who go up against it , then spits blood at them . 
 the blood hits a woman in the face . 
 she shrieks and topples back off the rampart . 
 her flesh is bubbling-the demon blood is like fire . 
 i race to the woman . 
 it 's scota . 
 we share a hut sometimes -lrb- i 'm passed around from hut to hut now banba 's gone -rrb- . 
 her usually pale skin is an ugly red colour . 
 bubbles of flesh burst . 
 the liquid sizzles . 
 scota screams . 
 i press my palms to her forehead , ignoring the heat of her flesh and the burning drops of liquid which strike my skin . 
 i mutter the words of a calming spell . 
 scota sighs and relaxes , eyes closing . 
 i tug a small bag from my belt , open it and pour coarse green grains into the palm of my left hand . 
 dropping the bag , i spit over the grains and mix them together with a finger , forming a paste . 
 i rub the paste into scota 's disfigured flesh and it stops dissolving . 
 she 'll be scarred horribly but she 'll live . 
 there are other pastes and lotions i can use to help the wounds heal cleanly . 
 but not now . 
 there are demons to kill first . 
 i look up . 
 the boar demon has been pierced in several places by the swords and knives of our warriors , but still it fights and spits . 
 i wish i knew where these monsters got their unnatural strength from . 
 screams behind me-the children ! 
 a spider-shaped fomorii has crawled out of the hut over the souterrain . 
 the beast must have found the exit hole outside the rath and made its way up the tunnel , then broke through the planks covering the entrance . 
 conn hears the screams . 
 he looks for warriors to send to their aid . 
 before he can roar orders , two brothers hurl themselves into the demon 's path . 
 ronan and lorcan , the rath 's red-headed twins , barely sixteen years old . 
 their younger brother , ere , was killed several months ago . 
 the twins were always strong fighters , even as young children , but since ere fell , they 've fought like men possessed . 
 they love killing demons . 
 conn refocuses on the demons at the gate . 
 he does n't bother sending other warriors to deal with the spider . 
 he trusts the teenage twins . 
 they might be among the youngest warriors in the rath , but they 're two of the fiercest . 
 ronan and lorcan move in on the spider demon . 
 now that it 's closer , i see that although it has the body of a large spider , it has a dog 's face and tail . 
 demons are often a mix of animals . 
 banba used to say they stole the forms of our animals and ourselves because they did n't have the imagination to invent bodies of their own . 
 ronan , the taller of the pair , with long , curly , flowing hair , has two curved knives . 
 lorcan , who cuts his hair close and whose ears are pierced with a variety of rings , carries a sword and a small scythe . 
 they 're both skilled at fighting with either the left or right hand . 
 but before they can tackle the dog-spider , it shoots hairs at them . 
 the hairs run all the way along its eight legs and act like tiny arrows when flicked off sharply . 
 the hairs strike the brothers and cause them to stop and cover their faces with their hands , to protect their eyes . 
 they hiss , partly from the pain , but mostly with frustration . 
 the fomorii moves forward , barking with evil delight , and the twins are forced back , chopping blindly at it . 
 i could call conn for assistance , but i want to handle this on my own . 
 i wo n't place myself at risk , but i can help , leaving the warriors free to concentrate on the larger , more troublesome demons . 
 i hurry to the beehives . 
 we kept them outside the rath before the attacks began , but certain demons have a taste for honey , so we moved them in . 
 the bees are at rest . 
 i reach within a hive and grab a handful of bees , then prise them out , whispering words of magic so they do n't sting me . 
 walking quickly , i place myself behind ronan and lorcan . 
 taking a firm stance , i thrust my hand out and whisper to the bees again , a command this time . 
 they come to life within my grasp . 
 `` move ! '' 
 i snap . 
 ronan and lorcan glance back at me , surprised , then step aside . 
 i open my fingers and the bees fly straight at the dog-spider , attacking its eyes , stinging it blind . 
 the fomorii whines and slaps at its eyes with its legs , losing interest in everything except the stinging bees . 
 ronan and lorcan step up , one on either side . 
 four blades glint in the light of the torches-and four hairy legs go flying into darkness . 
 the demon collapses , half its legs gone , sight destroyed . 
 ronan steps on its head , takes aim , then buries a knife deep in its brain . 
 the dog-spider stiffens , whines one last time , then dies . 
 ronan withdraws his knife and wipes it clean on his long hair . 
 his natural red hair is stained an even darker shade of red from the blood of demons . 
 lorcan 's stubble is blood-caked too . 
 they never wash . 
 ronan looks at me and grins . 
 `` nice work . '' 
 then he runs with lorcan to where conn and his companions are attempting to drive the demons back from the fence . 
 i take stock . 
 goll 's section is secure-the demons are retreating . 
 the boar-shaped fomorii has been pushed back over the fence . 
 it 's clinging to the poles , but its fellow demons are n't supporting it . 
 when ronan and lorcan hit , blades turning the air hot , it screams shrilly , then launches itself backwards , defeated . 
 connla-conn 's son-fires a spear after the demon . 
 he yells triumphantly-it must have been a hit . 
 connla picks up another spear . 
 aims . 
 then lowers it . 
 they 're retreating . 
 we 've survived . 
 before anyone has a chance to draw breath , there 's a roar of rage and loss . 
 it comes from near the back of the rath-amargen , ninian 's father . 
 he 's cradling the dead boy in his arms . 
 he had five children once . 
 ninian was the last . 
 the others-and his wife-were all killed by demons . 
 conn hurries across the rampart towards amargen , to offer what words of comfort he can . 
 before conn reaches him , amargen leaps to his feet , eyes mad , and races for the chariot which our prize warriors used when going to fight . 
 it 's been sitting idle for over a year , since the demon attacks began . 
 conn sees what amargen intends and leaps from the rampart , roaring , `` no ! '' 
 amargen stops , draws his sword and points it at conn. `` i 'll kill anyone who tries to stop me . '' 
 no bluff in the threat . 
 conn knows he 'll have to fight the crazed warrior to stop him . 
 he sizes up the situation , then decides it 's better to let amargen go . 
 he shakes his head and turns away . 
 waves to those near the gate to open it . 
 amargen quickly hooks the chariot-a cart really , nothing like the grand , golden chariots favoured by champions in the legends-up to a horse . 
 it 's the last of our horses , a bony , exhausted excuse for an animal . 
 he lashes the horse 's hind quarters with the blunt face of his blade and it takes off at a startled gallop . 
 racing through the open gate , amargen chases the demons and roars a challenge . 
 i hear their excited snorts as they stop and turn to face him . 
 no clouds . 
 the clearest day in a long time . 
 good for healing . 
 i take power from the sun . 
 it flows through me and from my fingers to the wounded . 
 i use medicine , pastes and potions where they 're all that 's needed . 
 magic on those with more serious injuries-scota and a few others who were struck by the fomorii 's fire-blood . 
 the warriors are tired , their sleep disturbed . 
 they 'll rest later , but most are too edgy to return to their huts straightaway . 
 it takes an hour or two for the battle lust to pass . 
 they 're drinking coirm now and eating bread , discussing the battle and the demons . 
 i 'm fine . 
 i had a full night 's sleep , only coming on watch a short while before the attack . 
 that 's my regular pattern on nights when there is n't an early assault . 
 having tended to the seriously wounded , i wander round the rath , in case i 've missed anybody . 
 i used to think the ring fort was huge , ten huts contained within the circular wall , plenty of space for everyone . 
 now it feels as tight as a noose . 
 more huts have been built over the last year , to shelter newcomers from the neighbouring villages in our tuath . 
 many of those who lived nearby were forced out of their homes and fled here for safety . 
 there are twenty-two huts now , and although the walls of the rath were extended outwards during the spring , we were n't able to expand by much . 
 the use of magic has wearied me and left me hungry . 
 i do n't have much power , nothing like what banba had . 
 the sun helps but it 's not enough . 
 i need food and drink . 
 but not coirm . 
 that would make me dizzy and sick . 
 milk with honey stirred in it will give me strength . 
 goll 's sitting close to the milk pails . 
 he looks downhearted . 
 he 's scratching the skin over his blind right eye . 
 goll was king of this whole tuath years ago , the most powerful man in the region , with command of all the local forts . 
 there was even talk that he might become king of the province-our land is divided into four great sectors , each ruled by the most powerful of kings . 
 none of our local leaders had ever held command of the province . 
 it was an exciting prospect . 
 goll had the support of every king in our tuath and many in the neighbouring regions . 
 then he lost his eye in a fight and had to step down . 
 he 's not bitter . 
 he never talks of what might have been . 
 this was his fate and he accepts it . 
 but goll 's in a gloomy mood this morning . 
 he hates making mistakes . 
 feeling sorry for the old warrior , i sit beside him and ask if he wants some milk . 
 `` no , little one , '' he says with a weak smile . 
 `` it was n't your fault , '' i tell him . 
 `` it was a lucky strike by the fomorii . '' 
 goll grunts . 
 that should be the end of it , except connla is standing nearby , a mug of coirm in his hands , boasting of the demon he hit with his spear . 
 he hears my comment and laughs . 
 `` that was n't luck ! 
 goll 's a rusty old goat ! '' 
 goll stiffens and glares at connla . 
 eighteen years old , unmarried connla 's one of the handsomest men in the tuath , tall and lean , with carefully braided hair , a moustache , no beard , fashionable tattoos . 
 his cloak is fastened with a beautiful gold pin , and pieces of fine jewellery are stitched into it all over . 
 unlike most of the men , who wear belted tunics , he favours knee-length trousers . 
 he was the first man in the rath to wear them , although several have followed his lead . 
 his boots are made from the finest leather , laced artistically with horse-hair thongs . 
 he looks more like a king than his father does , and when conn dies he 'll be one of the favourites to replace him . 
 most of the young women in the tuath desire him for his looks and prospects . 
 but he 's no great warrior . 
 everyone knows connla 's an average fighter . 
 and far from the bravest . 
 `` at least i was there to make a mistake , '' goll growls . 
 `` where were you , connla-combing your hair perhaps ? '' 
 `` i was in the thick of the fighting , '' connla insists . 
 `` i struck a demon . 
 i think i killed it . '' 
 `` aye , '' goll sneers . 
 `` you hit it with a spear . 
 in the back . 
 while it was running away . '' 
 he claps slowly . 
 `` a most courageous deed . '' 
 connla hisses . 
 his hand goes for a spear . 
 goll snatches for his axe . 
 `` enough ! '' 
 conn barks . 
 he 's been keeping an eye on the pair . 
 he always seems to be on hand when connla 's on the point of getting into trouble . 
 the king steps forward , scowling . 
 `` is n't it bad enough that we have to fight demons every night , without battling among ourselves too ? '' 
 `` he questioned my courage , '' connla whines . 
 `` and you called him an old goat , '' conn retorts . 
 `` now shake hands and forget it . 
 we do n't have time for quarrels . 
 be men , not children . '' 
 goll sighs and extends a hand . 
 connla takes it , but his face is twisted and he shakes quickly , then returns to the small group of men who are always huddled close around him . 
 as they leave , he starts to tell them again about the demon he speared and how he 's certain the blow was fatal , boasting of his great skill and courage . 
 later . 
 the gate of the rath is open . 
 the cows and sheep have been led out to graze . 
 demons can only come at night , gods be thanked . 
 if they could attack by day as well , we 'd never be able to graze our animals or tend our crops . 
 i go for a walk . 
 i like to get out of the ring fort when my duties allow , stretch my legs , breathe fresh air . 
 i stroll to a small hill beyond the rath , from the top of which i 'm able to look all the way across sionan 's river to the taller hills on the far side . 
 many of the men have been to those hills , to hunt or fight . 
 i 'd love to climb the peaks and see what the world looks like from them . 
 but it 's a journey of many days and nights . 
 no chance of doing that while the demons are attacking . 
 and for all we know , the demons will always be on the attack . 
 i feel lonely at times like these . 
 desperate . 
 i wish banba was here . 
 she was more powerful than me and had the gift of prophecy . 
 she died last winter , killed by a demon . 
 got too close to the fighting . 
 struck by a fomorii with tusks instead of arms . 
 it took her two nights and days to die . 
 i have n't learnt any new magic since then . 
 i 've worked on the spells that i know , to keep in shape , but it 's hard without a teacher . 
 i make mistakes . 
 i feel my magic getting weaker , when it should be growing every day . 
 `` where will it end , banba ? '' 
 i mutter , eyes on the distant hills . 
 `` will the demons keep coming until they kill us all ? 
 are they going to take over the world ? '' 
 silence . 
 a breeze stirs the branches of the nearby trees . 
 i study the moving limbs , in case i can read a sign there . 
 but it just seems to be an ordinary wind-not the otherworldly voice of banba . 
 after a while i bid farewell to the hills and return to the rath . 
 there 's work to be done . 
 the world might be going up in flames , but we have to carry on as normal . 
 we ca n't let the demons think they 've got the beating of us . 
 we dare not let them know how close we are to collapse . 
 after a quick meal of bread soaked in milk , i start on my regular chores . 
 weaving comes first today . 
 i 'm a skilled weaver . 
 my small fingers dart like eels across the loom . 
 i 'm the fastest in the rath . 
 my work is n't the best , but it 's not bad . 
 next i fetch honey from the hives . 
 the bees were banba 's . 
 she brought them with her when she settled in the rath many years ago . 
 they 're my responsibility now . 
 i was scared of them when i was younger , but not any more . 
 nectan returns from a fishing trip . 
 he slaps two large trout down in front of me and tells me to clean them . 
 nectan 's a slave , captured abroad when he was a boy . 
 goll won him in a fight with another clan 's king . 
 he 's as much a part of our rath now as anyone , a free man in all but name . 
 i enjoy cleaning fish . 
 some women hate it , because of the smell , but i do n't mind . 
 also , i like reading their guts for signs and omens , or secrets from my past . 
 i have n't divined anything from a fish 's insides yet but i live in hope . 
 the women grind wheat in stone querns , to make bread or porridge . 
 some work on the roofs of the huts , thatching and mending holes . 
 i 'd love to build a hut from scratch , draw a circle on the ground and raise it up level by level . 
 there 's something magical about building . 
 banba told me that all unnatural things-clothes , huts , weapons-are the result of magic . 
 without magic , she said , men and woman would be animals , like all the other beasts . 
 most of the men are sleeping , but a few are cleaning their blades and still discussing the night 's battle . 
 it was one of our easier nights . 
 the attack was short-lived and the demons were few in number . 
 some reckon that 's a sign that the fomorii are dying out and returning to the otherworld . 
 but they 're dreamers . 
 this war with the demons is a long way from over . 
 i do n't need fish guts to tell me that ! 
 fiachna is working by himself , straightening crooked swords , fixing new handles to axes , sharpening knives . 
 we 're the only clan in the tuath with a smith of its own . 
 that was goll 's doing when he was king . 
 most smiths wander from clan to clan , picking up work where they find it . 
 goll figured that if we paid a smith to settle , folk from nearby raths , cathairs and crannogs would come to us when their weapons and tools needed repairing , rather than wait for a smith to pass by . 
 he was right . 
 our rath became an important focal point of the tuath-until the attacks began . 
 the demons put paid to a lot of normal routines . 
 nobody travels now , unless it 's to flee the fomorii . 
 when i get a chance , i walk over to where fiachna is hammering away at a particularly stubborn blade . 
 i watch him silently , playing with a lock of my short red hair , smiling shyly . 
 i like fiachna . 
 he 's shorter than most men , and slim , which is odd for a smith . 
 but he 's very skilled . 
 stronger than he looks . 
 he swings heavy hammers and weapons with ease . 
 if i could marry , i 'd like to marry fiachna . 
 if nothing else , we 're suited in size . 
 maybe it 's because of the name goll gave me , or perhaps it 's coincidence , but i 'm one of the smallest girls in the rath . 
 but it 's not just his size . 
 i like his kind nature and gentle face . 
 he has a short beard-dark-blond , like his hair-which does n't hide his smile . 
 most of the men have beards so thick you ca n't see their mouths , so you never know if they 're smiling or frowning . 
 i often dream of being fiachna 's wife , bearing his young , fighting demons by his side . 
 but it wo n't happen . 
 i 'm almost of marrying age-my blood came a couple of years ago , earlier than in most girls-but i can never wed. . 
 magic and marriage do n't mix . 
 priestesses and druids lose their power if they love . 
 sometimes it makes me sad , thinking about not being able to marry . 
 i find myself wishing i could be normal , that the magic would fade from me , leaving me free to wed like other girls my age . 
 but those are selfish thoughts and i try hard to drive them away . 
 my people need my magic . 
 it 's not the strongest in the world and i 'm in dire need of a teacher to direct me . 
 but it 's better than having no magician in the rath at all . 
 fiachna looks up and catches me staring . 
 he smiles , but not in a teasing way , not like connla would smirk if he saw me looking at him . 
 `` you did well with the bees last night , '' fiachna says in his soft , lilting voice , more like a fairy 's than a human 's . 
 i feel my face turn red . 
 `` it was n't much , '' i mutter , sticking my big right toe out over the lip of its sandal and stubbing the ground . 
 `` you 're getting stronger , '' fiachna says . 
 `` you 'll be a powerful priestess soon . '' 
 we both know that 's a lie but i love him for saying it . 
 i give a big smile , like a baby having its tummy tickled . 
 then cera calls me and tells me to give her a hand dyeing wool . 
 `` do you want me to help you with the weapons ? '' 
 i quickly ask fiachna , hoping for an excuse to stay with him . 
 `` i can bless the blades . 
 put magic in them . 
 make them stronger . '' 
 fiachna shakes his head . 
 `` there 's no need . 
 i 'm almost finished . 
 i 'll work on farming tools in the afternoon . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 i try not to let my disappointment show . 
 `` well , if you need me , call . '' 
 fiachna nods . 
 `` thank you , bec . 
 i will . '' 
 simple words , but as i dip strands of wool in a vat full of blue dye , they ring inside my skull for ages , making me smile . 
 in the afternoon , while the men are stirring in their sleep and the women are working on the evening meal , a lookout yells a warning . 
 `` figures to the north ! '' 
 the rath comes on instant alert . 
 demons have never attacked this early-there 's at least two hours of daylight left-but we 've learnt not to take anything for granted . 
 men are out of their huts and reaching for weapons within seconds . 
 female warriors throw away their looms , combs , tools and pots , and hurry to the rampart . 
 those outside the rath are summoned in . 
 they come hastily , anxiously driving the animals ahead of them . 
 conn emerges from his hut at the centre of the village , eyes crusty , looking less worried than anyone else . 
 a king should never look scared . 
 he climbs the rampart and strides to the lookout . 
 stares off into the distance . 
 connla shouts at him from the ground , `` demons ? '' 
 `` does n't look like it , '' conn grunts . 
 `` human in shape . 
 but maybe they 're dead . '' 
 the dead often come back to haunt us . 
 the demons get the bodies from dolmens or wedge tombs . 
 they use dark magic to fill the corpses with evil life , sometimes stitching bits from various victims together . 
 we 're not sure why they do it . 
 maybe some of them ca n't make bodies of their own and have to steal the bones of our dead . 
 we 've gone to all the local tombs that we know of over the last year , burning the corpses . 
 but there are many hidden and forgotten tombs . 
 the demons are always finding new bodies . 
 at times , it seems like there 's more dead than living in the world . 
 conn watches for several minutes , more of the clan joining him , shading their eyes with their hands , studying the approaching shapes . 
 i see the more hawk-eyed among them-ronan , lorcan , ena-relax and i know it 's all right . 
 but nobody says anything before conn. . 
 it 's his place to give the all-clear . 
 finally , conn smiles . 
 `` not to worry , '' he says . 
 `` they 're human . 
 alive . '' 
 calm settles over the rath and everyone returns to their normal routine . 
 we 're curious about the strangers but we 'll find out all about them in good time . 
 no point standing around guessing , when there 's work to be done . 
 they arrive half an hour later , ragged and weary from battle and the road . 
 four men , three women and four children . 
 we know them-the maccadan . 
 when the demons first attacked , conn sent an envoy to cadan and asked if he was open to an alliance . 
 there had been bad blood between us but conn wanted to make peace , so we could fight the demons together . 
 cadan refused . 
 he said his people could stand alone . 
 we have n't heard from them since then . 
 cadan 's not among the eleven . 
 the leader 's an old warrior-even older than goll-who limps awkwardly and trembles pitifully when he 's not on the move . 
 he announces himself at the gate as tiernan maccadan and requests entrance . 
 the eleven trudge into the rath and present themselves miserably , heads low . 
 conn goes straight to tiernan and clasps his arms warmly , welcoming him . 
 he asks if they 're hungry or thirsty . 
 tiernan says they are and conn gives orders for a feast to be prepared . 
 the women set to the task immediately . 
 conn leads our guests to the area in front of his hut and lets them settle . 
 they have n't brought much-spare clothes , a few weapons , some tools-but it 's plain this is all they have . 
 i know what 's happened , just as conn and everybody else knows , but nobody says anything . 
 we let tiernan explain . 
 the demons overwhelmed them . 
 the end had been coming for a long time but they held out stubbornly , even past the point where they knew it was folly . 
 their best warriors had fallen to the foul fomorii , their children had been taken , their animals slain , their crops destroyed . 
 `` many argued against staying , '' tiernan sighs . 
 `` we said it was madness , that we 'd perish if we did n't join forces with our neighbours . 
 but cadan said we 'd lose face if we retreated . 
 he was a proud man , not for bending . 
 but eventually , like all who refuse to bend , he snapped . 
 the fomorii took him last night , along with three others . 
 this morning , before the sun had risen , we packed our goods and marched here . 
 we hope to fight with you , to offer whatever aid we can , to ... '' he trails to a halt . 
 two of the men are seriously injured and tiernan 's no chick . 
 one of the women is a warrior but the other two are n't . 
 and the children are too young to fight . 
 tiernan 's trying to make it sound like we need them , that they can make a difference . 
 but really they 're just looking for sanctuary . 
 taking them in would be a mercy , not a merger . 
 the men of the rath are sitting in a circle around the newcomers . 
 i 'm on the outskirts , only allowed this close in case any magical matters arise . 
 i see doubt on the faces of most . 
 we 're already cramped . 
 we 'd need to expand the fort again to comfortably hold eleven more people . 
 that 's hard to do when you 're under attack from demons most nights . 
 tiernan senses the mood and speaks rapidly . 
 `` we could build our own huts . 
 our women are skilled , the children too . 
 we 'd depend on your hospitality for a few weeks but we 'd work every hour we can to set up on our own . 
 we would n't be a burden . 
 and when it comes to fighting , we 're stronger than we look . 
 even the youngest child has drawn blood . 
 we - '' `` easy , friend , '' conn interrupts . 
 `` we 're pleased you came to us when there are so many other clans you could have gone to . 
 it 's an honour to receive you . 
 i 'm sure you will be of great help . '' 
 tiernan blinks . 
 he had n't expected such a gracious welcome . 
 after the years of feuding , it 's more than he dared hope . 
 tears well in his eyes but he shakes them away and smiles . 
 `` you 're a true king , '' he compliments conn. . 
 preparations for the feast are at an advanced stage , and the sun is close to setting , when there 's a call from another lookout . 
 `` i see someone in the distance running towards us ! '' 
 conn raises an eyebrow at tiernan . 
 they 've been talking about their battles with the demons . 
 i 've sat in close attendance . 
 our seanachaidh fled not long after the attacks began , so i 've been charged with keeping the history of the clan . 
 i 'm no natural storyteller but i 've a perfect memory . 
 `` it 's not one of ours , '' tiernan says . 
 `` we brought all our living with us . '' 
 `` is it a demon ? '' 
 conn shouts at the lookout . 
 `` it does n't look like one , '' comes the reply . 
 `` i think it 's a boy . 
 but the speed at which he 's running ... i 'm not sure . '' 
 conn returns to the rampart with tiernan and a few of our warriors . 
 i slip up behind them . 
 i normally avoid the exposure of the higher ground , but a lone demon in daylight ca n't pose much of a threat . 
 as the figure races closer , we see that it 's a boy , my age or slightly older , running incredibly fast , head bobbing about strangely . 
 he lopes up to the gate , ignoring conn 's shouts to identify himself , then stops and looks at us dumbly . 
 dark hair and small eyes . 
 he smiles widely , even though conn is roaring at him , threatening to stick a spear through his heart if he does n't announce his intentions . 
 then he sits , picks a flower and plays with it . 
 conn looks angry but confused . 
 `` a simpleton , '' he grunts . 
 `` it could be a trap , '' tiernan mutters . 
 `` demons do n't send humans to lay traps , '' conn disagrees . 
 `` but you saw how fast he ran , '' tiernan says . 
 `` and he does n't look tired . 
 he 's not even sweating . 
 maybe he 's not human . '' 
 `` bec , '' conn calls , `` do you sense anything ? '' 
 i close my eyes and focus on the boy . 
 demons have a different feel to humans . 
 they buzz with the power of their own world . 
 there 's a flicker of that about this child . 
 i start to tell conn but then something strange happens . 
 i sense a change in the boy . 
 opening my eyes , i see that the light around him is different . 
 it 's like looking at him through a thick bank of mist . 
 as i squint , i realise the boy is no longer there . 
 instead , i 'm staring at my mother . 
 there 's no mistaking her . 
 i 've seen her so many times in my perfect memories . 
 she looks just like she did on the day she gave birth to me-the day she died . 
 haggard , bone-thin , dark circles under her eyes , stained with blood . 
 but love in her eyes-love for me . 
 as i stare , numb with wonder-but no fear-my mother turns and points west , keeping her eyes on mine . 
 she says something but her words do n't carry . 
 with a frown , she jabs a long finger towards the west . 
 she starts to say something else but then the mist clears . 
 she shimmers . 
 i blink . 
 and i 'm suddenly looking at the boy again , playing with his flower . 
 `` bec , '' conn is saying , shaking me lightly . 
 `` are you all right ? '' 
 i look up , trembling , and think about telling conn what i saw . 
 then i decide against it . 
 i 've never had a vision before . 
 i need time to think about it before i discuss it with anyone . 
 focusing on the boy , i control my breathing and try to calm my fast heartbeat . 
 `` i th-think he 's hu-human , '' i stutter . 
 `` but not the same as us . 
 there 's magic in him . 
 maybe he 's a druid 's apprentice . '' 
 that 's a wild guess , but it 's the closest i can get to explaining what 's different about him . 
 `` does he pose a threat ? '' 
 conn asks . 
 a dangerous question-if i answer wrongly , i 'll be held responsible . 
 i think about playing safe and saying i do n't know , but then the boy pulls a petal from the flower and slowly places it on his outstretched tongue . 
 `` no , '' i say confidently . 
 `` he ca n't harm us . '' 
 the gate is opened . 
 several of us spill out and surround the boy . 
 i 've been brought along in case he does n't speak our language . 
 a priestess is meant to have the gift of tongues . 
 i do n't actually know any other languages but i do n't see the need to admit that , not unless somebody asks me directly-and so far nobody has . 
 i keep hoping he 'll change and become my mother again , but he does n't . 
 the boy is thin and dirty , his hair thick and unwashed , his knee-length tunic caked with mud , no cloak or sandals . 
 his eyes dart left and right , never lingering on any one spot for more than a second . 
 he 's carrying a long knife in a scabbard hanging from his belt but he does n't reach for it or show-alarm as we gather round him . 
 `` boy ! '' 
 conn barks , nudging the boy 's knee with his foot . 
 no reaction . 
 `` boy ! 
 who are you ? 
 what are you doing here ? '' 
 the boy does n't answer . 
 conn opens his mouth to shout again , then stops . 
 he looks at me and nods . 
 licking my lips nervously , i crouch beside the strange child . 
 i watch him play with the flower , noting the movements of his eyes and head . 
 i no longer think he 's a druid 's assistant . 
 conn was right-he 's a simpleton . 
 but one who 's been blessed in some way by the gods . 
 `` that 's a nice flower , '' i murmur . 
 the boy 's gaze settles on me for an instant and he grins , then thrusts the flower at me . 
 when i take it , he picks another and holds it above his head , squinting at it . 
 `` can you speak ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` do you talk ? '' 
 no answer . 
 i 'm about to ask again , when he shouts loudly , `` flower ! '' 
 i jump at the sound of his voice . 
 so do the men around me . 
 then we laugh , embarrassed . 
 the boy looks at us , delighted . 
 `` flower ! '' 
 he shouts again . 
 then his smile dwindles . 
 `` demons . 
 killing . 
 come with . '' 
 he leaps to his feet . 
 `` come with ! 
 run fast ! '' 
 `` wait , '' i shush him . 
 `` it 's almost night . 
 we ca n't go anywhere . 
 the demons will be on the move soon . '' 
 `` demons ! '' 
 he cries . 
 `` killing . 
 come with ! '' 
 he grabs my hand and hauls me up . 
 `` wait , '' i tell him again , losing my patience . 
 `` what 's your name ? 
 where are you from ? 
 why should we trust you ? '' 
 the boy stares at me blankly . 
 i take a deep breath , then ask slowly , `` what 's your name ? '' 
 no answer . 
 `` where are you from ? '' 
 nothing . 
 i turn to conn and shrug . 
 `` he 's simple . 
 he probably escaped from his village and - '' `` come with ! '' 
 the boy shouts . 
 `` run fast ! 
 demons ! '' 
 `` bec 's right , '' connla snorts . 
 `` why would anyone send a fool like this to - '' `` run fast ! '' 
 the boy gasps before connla can finish . 
 `` run fast ! '' 
 he repeats , his face lighting up . 
 he tears away from us , breaks through the ranks of warriors as if they were reeds and races around the rath . 
 seconds later he 's back , not panting , just smiling . 
 `` run fast , '' he says firmly . 
 `` do you know where you 're from , run fast ? '' 
 goll asks , giving the boy a name since he ca n't provide one himself . 
 `` can you find your way back to your people ? '' 
 for a moment the boy gawps at goll . 
 i do n't think he understands . 
 but then he nods , looks to where the sun is setting and points west . 
 `` pig 's trotters , '' he says thoughtfully . 
 for a second i see my mother pointing that same way again , but this is just a memory , not another vision . 
 goll faces conn. `` we should bring him in . 
 it 'll be dark soon . 
 we can question him inside , though i doubt we 'll get much more out of him . '' 
 conn hesitates , judging the possible danger to his people , then clicks his fingers and leaves the boy to his men , returning to the fireside with tiernan , to discuss this latest turn of events . 
 run fast is n't big but he has the appetite of a boar . 
 he eats more than anyone at the feast but nobody minds . 
 there 's something cheering about the boy . 
 he makes us all feel good , even though he ca n't talk properly , except to explode every so often with `` demons ! '' 
 or `` come with ! '' 
 or-his favourite - `` run fast ! '' 
 as goll predicted , run fast is n't able to tell us any more about his clan , where he lives or how great their need is . 
 under normal circumstances he 'd be ignored . 
 we 've enough problems to cope with . 
 but the mood of the rath is lighter than it 's been in a long while . 
 the arrival of the maccadan has sparked confidence . 
 even though the eleven are more of a burden than a blessing , they 've given us hope . 
 if survivors from other clans make their way here , perhaps we can build a great fort and a mighty army , keep the demons out forever . 
 it 's wishful , crazy thinking , but we think it anyway . 
 banba used to say that the desperate and damned could build a mountain of hope out of a rat 's droppings . 
 so we grant run fast more thought than we would have last night . 
 the men debate his situation , where he 's from , how long it might have taken him to come here , why a fool was sent instead of another . 
 `` his speed is the obvious reason , '' goll says . 
 `` better to send a hare with half a message than a snail with a full one . '' 
 `` or maybe the fomorii sent him , '' tiernan counters , his bony , wrinkled fingers twitching with suspicion . 
 `` they could have conquered his clan , then muddled his senses and sent him to lure others into a trap . '' 
 `` you afford them too much respect , '' conn says . 
 `` the fomorii we 've fought are mindless , dim-witted creatures . '' 
 `` aye , '' tiernan agrees . 
 `` so were ours to begin with . 
 but they 've changed . 
 they 're getting more intelligent . 
 we had a craftily hidden souterrain . 
 one or two would find their way into it by accident every so often , but recently they attacked through it regularly , in time with those at the fence . 
 they were thinking and planning clearly , more like humans in the way they battled . '' 
 conn massages his chin thoughtfully . 
 our one great advantage over the demons-besides the fact they can only attack at night-is that we 're smarter than them . 
 but if there are others , brighter than those we 've encountered ... `` i do n't think it 's a trap , '' fiachna says quietly . 
 he does n't normally say much , so everyone 's surprised to hear him speak . 
 he 's been sitting next to run fast , examining the boy 's knife . 
 `` this boy does n't have the scent of demons on him . 
 am i right , bec ? '' 
 i nod immediately , delighted to be publicly noticed by fiachna . 
 `` not a bit of a scent , '' i gush , rather more breathlessly than i meant . 
 `` he 's telling the truth , '' fiachna says . 
 `` his people need help . 
 run fast was the best they could send . 
 so they sent him , probably in blind hope . '' 
 `` what of it ? '' 
 connla snorts . 
 i can tell by the way he 's eyeing run fast that he does n't like him . 
 `` we need help too . 
 our plight 's as serious as theirs . 
 what do they expect us to do-send our men to fight their battles , leaving our women and children at the mercy of the fomorii ? '' 
 he spits into the dust . 
 `` he puts it harshly but there 's wisdom in what my son says , '' conn murmurs . 
 `` alliances are one thing , but begging for help like slaves ... asking us to go to their aid instead of coming to us ... '' `` perhaps they ca n't travel , '' goll says . 
 `` many might be wounded or old . '' 
 `` in which case they 're not worth saving , '' connla laughs . 
 those who follow him laugh too - wolves copying the example of their pack leader . 
 `` we should go , '' goll growls . 
 `` or at least send an envoy . 
 if we ignore their pleas , perhaps ours will also be ignored when we seek assistance . '' 
 `` only the weak ask for help , '' connla says stiffly . 
 goll smiles tightly and i sense what he 's going to say next-something along the lines of , `` well , it wo n't be long before you ask then ! '' 
 luckily conn senses it too , and before goll utters an insult which will demand payment in blood , the king says , `` even if we wanted to help , we do n't know where they are , and i do n't trust this empty-headed child to find his way back . '' 
 `` if the brehons were here , they could counsel us , '' fiachna says . 
 `` brehons ! '' 
 connla snorts . 
 `` were n't they the first to flee when the demons arose ? 
 damn the brehons ! '' 
 there are mutters of agreement , even from those who do n't normally side with connla . 
 the law-making brehons deserted us when we most needed them and few are in the mood to forgive and forget . 
 the men continue debating , the women sitting silently behind them , their children sleeping or playing games . 
 on the rampart the lookouts keep watch for demons . 
 goll and fiachna are of the opinion that we should send a small group with run fast to help his clan . 
 `` it 's no accident that he arrived on the same day as the maccadan , '' goll argues . 
 `` yesterday we could n't have let anyone go . 
 but our ranks have been bolstered . 
 it 's a sign . '' 
 `` bolstered ? '' 
 connla almost shrieks , casting a scornful glance at the four men and three women of the maccadan . 
 `` connla ! '' 
 his father snaps , before the hot-headed warrior disgraces our guests . 
 when he 's sure of his son 's silence , conn leans forward , sipping coirm , thinking hard . 
 like any king , he dare not ignore a possible sign from the gods . 
 but he 's not sure this is a sign . 
 and in a situation such as this , there 's only one person he can turn to . 
 `` bec ? '' 
 i was expecting his query , so i 'm able to keep a calm face . 
 i 've had time to consider my answer . 
 i believe we 're meant to go with run fast . 
 that was what the vision meant . 
 the spirit of my mother was telling me to follow this boy . 
 `` we should help , '' i whisper . 
 connla rolls his eyes but i ignore him . 
 `` we 're stronger now , thanks to the maccadan . 
 we can spare a few of our warriors . 
 i believe run fast can find his way back to his people , and i think bad luck would befall us if we refused their plea . '' 
 conn nods slowly . 
 `` but who to send ? 
 i do n't want to command anyone to leave . 
 are there volunteers ... ? '' 
 `` aye , '' goll says instantly . 
 `` since i argued the case , i have to go . '' 
 `` i 'll go too , '' fiachna says quietly . 
 `` you ? '' 
 conn frowns . 
 `` but you 're not a warrior . '' 
 fiachna holds up run fast 's knife . 
 `` this metal is unfamiliar to me . 
 it 's tougher than our own , yet lighter . 
 if i knew the secret of it , i could make better weapons . '' 
 he lowers the knife . 
 `` i 'll stay if you order it , but i want to go . '' 
 `` very well , '' conn sighs . 
 `` but you 'll travel with a guard . '' 
 he looks around to choose a warrior to send with the smith . 
 there are many to pick from , but he 's loath to send a husband or father . 
 so it must be one of the younger warriors . 
 as he studies them , his expression changes and a crafty look comes into his eyes . 
 he points to connla . 
 `` my son will protect you . '' 
 connla gawps at his father . 
 others are surprised too . 
 this quest is a perilous one . 
 the land is full of demons . 
 the chances of survival are slim . 
 yet conn 's telling his own flesh and blood to leave the safety of the rath and serve as guard to a smith . 
 most ca n't see the wisdom of it . 
 but i can . 
 conn wants his son to succeed him . 
 but connla is largely untested in battle and not everyone respects him . 
 if conn died tonight , there would be several challengers to replace him and connla might find powerful allies hard to come by . 
 but if he completes this task and returns with a bloodied blade and tales of glory , that would change . 
 this could be the making of him . 
 and if the quest goes poorly and he dies ? 
 well , that will be the decision of the gods . 
 you ca n't fight your destiny . 
 while connla blinks stupidly at his father , the teenage twins , ronan and lorcan rise . 
 `` we 'll go too , '' ronan says , brushing blood-red hair out of his eyes . 
 `` we want to kill more demons , '' lorcan adds , tugging an earring , excited . 
 conn growls unhappily . 
 the twins are young but they 're two of our finest warriors . 
 he does n't want to let them go but he ca n't refuse without insulting them . 
 in the end he nods reluctantly . 
 `` any others ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` me , '' a woman of the maccadan says , taking a step forward . 
 `` orna maccadan . 
 i 'll represent my clan , to repay you for your hospitality . '' 
 orna is the female warrior i spotted earlier . 
 conn smiles . 
 `` our thanks . 
 now , if that 's all ... '' he looks for any final volunteers , making it clear by the way he asks that he thinks six is more than adequate . 
 but one last hand goes up . 
 a tiny hand . 
 mine . 
 `` i want to go too . '' 
 conn 's astonished . 
 everybody is . 
 `` bec , '' goll says , `` this is n't suitable for a child . '' 
 `` i 'm not a child , '' i retort . 
 `` i 'm a priestess . 
 well , an apprentice priestess . '' 
 `` it will be dangerous , '' fiachna warns me . 
 `` this is a task for warriors . '' 
 `` you 're going , '' i remind him , `` but you 're no warrior . '' 
 `` i have to go in case there 's a smith in this village , who can teach me to make better weapons , '' he says . 
 `` maybe i can learn something too , '' i reply , then face conn. `` i need to do this . 
 i sense failure if i do n't go . 
 i 'm not sure what good i can do-maybe none at all-but i believe i must travel with them . '' 
 conn shakes his head , troubled . 
 `` i ca n't allow this . 
 with banba gone , you 're our only link to the ways of magic . 
 we need you . '' 
 `` you need fiachna too , '' i cry , `` but you 're letting him go . '' 
 `` fiachna 's a man , '' conn says sternly . 
 `` he has the right to choose . '' 
 `` so do i , '' i growl , then raise my voice and repeat it , with conviction this time . 
 `` so do i ! 
 we of magic live by our own rules . 
 i was banba 's charge , not yours . 
 she lived here by choice , as do i-neither of us were of this clan . 
 you had no power over her and you do n't have any over me . 
 since she 's dead , i 'm my own guardian . 
 i answer to a higher voice than any here and that voice tells me to go . 
 if you hold me , it will be against my will and the will of the gods . '' 
 brave , provocative words , which conn ca n't ignore . 
 although i 'm no more a real priestess than any of the cows in the fields , i 'm closer to the ways of magic than anybody else in the rath . 
 nobody dares cross me on this . 
 `` very well , '' conn says angrily . 
 `` we 've pledged an ex-king , our smith , two of our best warriors , a guest and my own son to this reckless cause-why not our young priestess too ! '' 
 there are no attacks during the night-an encouraging omen . 
 we depart with the rising of the sun , bidding short farewells to relatives and friends . 
 i want to look back at the huts and walls of the rath as we leave-i might never see them again-but that would be inviting bad luck , so i keep my eyes on the path ahead . 
 it 's a cloudy day , lots of showers , the coolness of autumn . 
 summer 's been late fading this year , but i can tell by sniffing the air that it 's finally passed for certain . 
 that could be interpreted as a bad sign-the dying of a season on the day we leave-but i choose to overlook it . 
 we march east at a steady pace , staying close to sionan 's river . 
 our boats were destroyed in a demon attack some months back , so we ca n't cross the river here . 
 we have to go east , cross where it 's narrow , then make our way west from there . 
 the earth is solid underfoot and there are plenty of paths through the trees , so we make good time . 
 ronan and lorcan are to the fore of the pack . 
 i 'm next , with orna and run fast . 
 he 's eager to move ahead of the rest of us but we hold him back-otherwise he might disappear in the undergrowth like a rabbit . 
 connla and fiachna are behind us . 
 connla 's sulking and has n't said a word since we left . 
 goll brings up the rear . 
 i brood upon my reasons for leaving the rath as we march , feeling uneasier the more i think about it . 
 mostly i chose to leave because of the vision of my mother . 
 but there was another reason-fear . 
 the rath seemed to grow smaller every day . 
 i felt so confined , i sometimes found it hard to breathe . 
 i had nightmares where i was trapped , the wall of the fort closing in , ever tighter , squeezing me to death . 
 if our worst fears come true and we fall to the hordes of demons , i do n't want to die caged in . 
 is it possible i created the vision to give myself an excuse to leave ? 
 i do n't think so . 
 i 'm almost certain it was genuine . 
 but the mind can play tricks . 
 what if this is folly , if i 'm running away from my fears into worse danger than i would have faced if i 'd stayed ? 
 if it was n't a trick-if the vision was real-why would the ghost of my mother send me on this deadly quest ? 
 she would n't have urged me to risk my life if it was n't important . 
 maybe she wants to help me unravel the secrets of my past . 
 i 've always longed to know more about my mother , where i came from , who my people were . 
 perhaps run fast can help me find the truth . 
 if that 's just wishful thinking , and my past is to remain a secret , maybe our rath is destined to fall . 
 my mother 's spirit might have foreseen the destruction of the macconn and acted to spare me . 
 whatever way i look at it , i realise i left for purely selfish reasons . 
 the macconn need me . 
 i should n't have abandoned them because i was afraid , to hunt down my original people or save myself from an oncoming disaster . 
 i should go back . 
 fight with them . 
 use my magic to protect the clan as best i can . 
 but what if there 's some other reason my mother appeared , if i can somehow help the macconn by coming on this crazy trek ? 
 banba said we should always follow the guidance of spirits , although we had to be wary , because sometimes they could try to trick us . 
 ana help me ! 
 so many possibilities-my head is hurting , thinking about them . 
 i should stop and give my brain a rest . 
 besides , there 's no point worrying now . 
 we 're more than half a day 's march from the rath . 
 we could n't return to safety before nightfall . 
 there 's no going back . 
 everybody was quiet during the morning 's march , thinking about those we left behind and what lies ahead . 
 we stopped to rest and eat at midday . 
 ronan and lorcan caught a couple of rabbits , which we ate raw , along with some berries . 
 after that , as we walked slower on our full stomachs , the talk began , low and leisurely , with fiachna asking orna a question about the three-bladed knives she favours . 
 there were lots more questions for orna after that . 
 those from our rath know all there is to know about each other . 
 orna and run fast are the only mysteries in the group , and since run fast simply grins and looks away when you ask him anything , that leaves orna as the focus for our curiosity . 
 she 's had four husbands , children by three of them . 
 she says she likes men but has never been able to put up with one for more than a couple of years . 
 goll laughs at that and says the pair of them should marry , since he wo n't live much more than a few years . 
 `` i would n't have a lot to leave except memories , '' he grins . 
 `` but they 'd be good memories . 
 i had three wives when i was young and did n't disappoint any of them ! '' 
 `` except when you lost your eye and kingship , '' connla smirks , sending goll into a foul mood . 
 `` you should n't provoke him like that , '' fiachna whispers harshly . 
 `` he 's an old wreck , '' connla retorts . 
 `` my father 's a king and i plan to follow in his footsteps . 
 i 'll speak to the old goat any way i like . '' 
 `` we 're not in the rath now , '' fiachna says . 
 `` we 're a small , isolated group and we need to rely on each other . 
 think on-goll might hold your life in his hands one night soon . '' 
 as connla scowls and considers that , i ask orna about her children . 
 were they among those who arrived yesterday ? 
 `` no , '' orna says shortly , gaze set straight , her shaved head glistening in the rain . 
 there are tattoos on both her cheeks-the marks of nuada , the goddess of war-dark red swirls which suck in the gaze of all who look at them in an almost mesmerising way . 
 `` they 're dead . 
 killed by demons a week ago . '' 
 `` ana protect them , '' i mutter automatically . 
 `` ana keep them dead , '' orna replies tonelessly . 
 `` you did n't burn the bodies ? '' 
 `` we could n't find them . 
 demons slipped in through our souterrain and made off with them . 
 they must have been playing in the tunnel . 
 i told them a hundred times never to go down there . 
 but children do n't listen . '' 
 her eyes are filled with a mixture of sadness and rage . 
 as a warrior , she wo n't have allowed herself to mourn . 
 but women ca n't make themselves as detached as men . 
 our hearts are bigger . 
 we feel loss in a way men do n't . 
 orna has the body and mind of a warrior but her heart is like mine , and i know inside she 's weeping . 
 ronan and lorcan spar with orna in the evening as we cross bogland . 
 she knows a few knife feints which are new to the brothers and they practise until they 've perfected them . 
 ronan and lorcan , in turn , know lots of moves which orna does n't and they teach her a few , promising to reveal more over the coming days . 
 once warriors were secretive . 
 they kept their techniques to themselves , always wary of their neighbours , knowing that today 's friend can be tomorrow 's enemy . 
 the fomorii changed that . 
 now we share because we have to-warriors , smiths , magicians . 
 the demons have united the various tuatha of this land in a way no king ever has . 
 a shame we ca n't join forces and face them on a single battlefield , in fair combat-i 'm sure we 'd win . 
 but although demons are n't as clever as humans , they 're sly . 
 they spread out , taking control of paths and routes , limiting the opportunities to travel , dividing prospective allies . 
 we share our arms , learning and experience with others where possible , but i fear we sha n't be able to share enough . 
 as ronan and lorcan spar with orna , connla asks fiachna for advice . 
 he has an idea for a new spear , topped with several sharp fins , and wants fiachna 's opinion . 
 fiachna listens politely , then explains why the weapon wo n't work . 
 connla 's disappointed but fiachna cheers him up by saying if there 's a smith in run fast 's village who can make weapons like the boy 's knife , perhaps the two of them can come up with something along the lines of connla 's design . 
 i chat to run fast , asking him again for his real name , where he 's from , if he has family . 
 but he does n't answer . 
 after a while goll nudges up beside us . 
 `` having trouble , little one ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` he wo n't tell me anything , '' i huff . 
 `` i 'm sure he could-if he can tell us his people need help , he must be able to tell us his name-but he wo n't ! '' 
 `` the heads of the touched are hard to fathom , '' goll says , rustling run fast 's hair . 
 `` my second wife had a brother like this . 
 he could n't dress himself , wield a weapon or cook a meal . 
 but he could play the pipes beautifully . 
 in all other ways he was helpless-but set him loose on the pipes and he could play any man into the ground . '' 
 `` what happened to him ? '' 
 i ask . 
 goll shrugs . 
 `` he went wandering one day and ate poisoned berries . '' 
 `` berries ! '' 
 run fast shouts , rubbing his stomach . 
 he picks up on certain words every so often and repeats them . 
 `` it 's not that long since we last ate , '' i tell him . 
 `` wait until dinner . '' 
 `` berries , '' run fast says again , sadly this time . 
 then he stamps his right foot several times and looks at me hopefully . 
 `` run fast ? '' 
 `` no , '' i groan . 
 `` not now . 
 you have to stay with us . '' 
 `` run fast , '' he sighs , stamping the ground one last time , letting me know that he could race up a storm if i gave him the go-ahead . 
 goll laughs . 
 `` he 's a lively one . 
 you 'll have your hands full looking after him ! '' 
 `` i might just push him into sionan 's river when we cross , '' i huff . 
 `` we would n't be able to find his village then , '' goll says . 
 `` i 'm not sure we 'll find it anyway , '' i grumble . 
 `` how do we know he 's leading us the right way ? 
 he could have come from a southern tuatha for all we know . '' 
 goll squints at me with his good eye . 
 `` you 're in dark spirits , little one . 
 are you tired ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 goll tickles me under the chin until i laugh . 
 `` tired ? '' 
 he asks again . 
 `` aye , '' i sigh . 
 `` i 'm not used to all this walking . 
 and you go so quickly ! 
 i 've only got short legs . '' 
 `` you should have said . '' 
 `` i did n't want to look like a. . . 
 a. . . '' 
 `` a child ? '' 
 goll smiles . 
 `` but you are . 
 and a tiny wee bee of a child at that . '' 
 `` just because i 'm small does n't mean i ca n't keep up ! '' 
 i fume , quickening my pace . 
 but i 've not taken five or six steps when goll wraps a burly arm around my waist and hauls me off the ground . 
 `` hoi ! '' 
 i cry . 
 `` put me down ! '' 
 `` stop struggling , '' goll says and settles me on his shoulders , my legs either side of his head . 
 `` we might have need of you later . 
 you 're no good to us fit for nothing but sleep . '' 
 `` i 'm fit to turn you into a frog if you do n't put me down ! '' 
 i grunt , but secretly i 'm delighted and after struggling playfully for a minute , i settle back and let goll be my horse for the rest of the afternoon , admiring the view from up high and saving my strength in case i 'm called upon to fight demons in the dark . 
 we come to the crossing point of sionan 's river late in the evening . 
 the river 's narrow here , easy to ford . 
 this is the joining point of two tuatha . 
 a large cashel once stood here , the largest in the province . 
 a couple of wooden roads lead up to and away from the place where the impressive stone fort stood . 
 many carts used to travel this way and the roads were carefully tended . 
 but the cashel 's a pile of rubble now and the roads are in disrepair . 
 we 'd heard the cashel had been overrun by demons but hoped the reports were wrong . 
 this would have been the ideal place to shelter tonight . 
 `` what now ? '' 
 connla asks , studying the untidy mound which was once the pride of the province . 
 `` cross the river or camp here ? '' 
 `` cross , '' ronan and lorcan say together . 
 `` there 's no safety here , '' ronan says . 
 `` where demons attack once , they 'll attack again , '' lorcan agrees . 
 `` and many ca n't cross flowing water , '' ronan says . 
 `` we 'd be safer on the other side . '' 
 connla nods but looks uneasy . 
 there was never a fort on the opposite side of the river , just some huts where folk of the neighbouring tuath dwelt . 
 they used to greet those who crossed the river and either grant them the freedom of their tuath or turn them back . 
 the huts are still standing but we ca n't see any people . 
 they might be hiding or they might all be murdered , demons sheltering inside the huts from the sun . 
 `` come on , '' goll says , setting me down and taking the lead . 
 `` the sun 's setting . 
 let 's get across and find a hole for the night which we can defend . '' 
 there are dugouts tethered to the banks of the river , bobbing up and down . 
 each holds four people at most . 
 we head for the nearest pair . 
 ronan and lorcan team up with run fast and me . 
 goll , orna , fiachna and connla take the other . 
 lorcan grabs the rope of our dugout and hauls it in . 
 he 's almost pulled the boat up on dry land when i get a warning flash . 
 `` lorcan ! 
 no ! '' 
 i scream . 
 he reacts instantly , drops the rope and leaps backwards just in time . 
 a huge demonic eel unleashes itself at him , rising out of the boat like an arrow shot from a bow . 
 its jaws are impossibly wide , filled with teeth which would be more suited to a bear . 
 the demon snaps for lorcan 's head and only misses by a finger 's breadth . 
 it lands hard on the earth and writhes angrily , going for lorcan 's legs . 
 ronan steps up beside his brother and stabs at the place where the demon 's eyes should be . 
 but it does n't have any . 
 it 's blind , operating by some other form of sense . 
 orna jumps on to the demon 's back and hacks at it with her three-bladed knives , one in either hand . 
 the demon bucks and twists desperately , trying to dislodge her , but she rides it like a pony , digging her heels in , face twisted as she screams hatefully , tattoos rippling with fury . 
 connla takes aim and hurls a spear at the beast , down its maw of a mouth . 
 the spear sticks deep in its throat . 
 the demon chokes and slams its head downwards , trying to spit out the spear . 
 goll darts forward , grabs the shaft of the spear and drives it further into the fomorii 's throat , twisting savagely . 
 the demon spasms , then weakens . 
 suddenly the warriors are all over it , hacking away like ants trying to bring down a badger . 
 fiachna , run fast and i watch from nearby . 
 `` do you think i should help ? '' 
 fiachna asks , fingers tapping the head of an axe which hangs from his belt . 
 `` they 're in control , '' i tell him . 
 and , moments later , the battle 's over and the eel demon lies at their feet , covered in the grey blood which previously pumped through its veins , torn to pieces , jaws stretched wide in a final death snarl . 
 goll grasps the handle of the spear , yanks it out and hands it to connla . 
 he laughs and claps the younger warrior on the back . 
 `` a master throw ! '' 
 connla smiles sheepishly . 
 `` i did n't mean to hurl it down the beast 's throat , '' he says with untypical modesty . 
 `` i aimed for the top of its head . 
 but it moved . 
 i got lucky . '' 
 `` i 'll always take luck over skill , '' goll says , clapping connla 's back again . 
 the pair grin at each other like lifelong friends . 
 `` i 've never fought a water demon before , '' orna grunts , wiping her knives clean on the grass . 
 she dabs at the final few drops of grey blood with her middle finger , then rubs it into the centre spots of her spiral tattoos , one after the other . 
 `` they 're rare , '' ronan says , studying the demon , turning it over on to its back with his foot . 
 `` we 're lucky it 's not night or it would have been stronger . '' 
 `` come on , '' i mutter , glancing around uneasily . 
 `` it 'll be sunset soon . 
 more will be coming . '' 
 nobody emerges from the huts as we dock . 
 when we 're on dry land , we stare at the huts suspiciously . 
 you 're not supposed to enter a tuath without announcing yourself and being guided by one of your own rank . 
 but times have changed . 
 many of the old laws no longer apply . 
 `` you in the huts ! '' 
 goll bellows , in case anyone 's alive inside . 
 silence . 
 `` should we go see if anybody 's there ? '' 
 fiachna asks . 
 `` they 'd have answered if there was , '' connla says . 
 `` unless they 're scared or sheltering underground , '' orna notes . 
 ronan points silently at a spot to the left of the huts . 
 my eyes are n't as sharp as his , so it takes me a few seconds to focus . 
 then i see it-a small arm , probably a child 's , lying in the dirt . 
 goll sighs , draws his sword and moves to the front of the group . 
 `` let 's go , '' he says gruffly , and we proceed at a forced , nervous jog . 
 there 's nowhere to shelter , so we do n't stop when the sun sets , but keep going , hoping to outpace any demons which catch our scent . 
 i try to persuade myself that we wo n't be noticed . 
 only a fool travels at night in these troubled times . 
 the fomorii wo n't expect to find anyone out in the open . 
 maybe they do n't even look any more . 
 a silly , childish notion . 
 but for an hour it seems as though it might hold true . 
 we do n't sight any demons and hope begins to grow . 
 but then we hear a howl of inhuman vibrancy far behind us , but not far enough for comfort . 
 we pause and listen as the howl is answered by others . 
 in my mind 's eye i see a group forming , demons and the living dead . 
 they gather around the one who found our trail , sniff the air , lick the earth , quiver with excitement-then lurch forward , to run us down . 
 `` they might be after someone else , '' connla says but his words are hollow . 
 we 've been discovered . 
 `` let 's pick up the pace , '' goll says , expression stern . 
 run fast 's head shoots up . 
 `` run fast ? '' 
 he asks eagerly . 
 `` aye , '' goll says , then grabs the boy as he starts to shoot off . 
 `` not that fast ! '' 
 we can hear them , a pack of demons crashing through the woods , snapping off branches , knocking over smaller trees . 
 i 've never known demons so excited . 
 i guess , when they attack a fort , it 's hard work . 
 it must be frustrating , the scent of prey thick in their nostrils , having to fight their way through , often failing . 
 but out here , in the open , they have only to hunt us down and we 're theirs for the taking . 
 they 're like dogs after a fox . 
 we 're looking for a place to make a stand , somewhere we can defend . 
 a cave would be perfect . 
 we could squeeze in and fend them off , maybe keep them at bay for the rest of the night , then escape in the morning . 
 but there are no caves , or at least none that we can find . 
 goll comes to a halt in a small clearing . 
 trees have been felled here some time in the last few years . 
 somebody probably planned to graze animals or build a hut , in the days before the demons came . 
 goll looks around , assessing . 
 `` not here , '' connla wheezes , face dark from the strain . 
 `` too exposed . '' 
 `` there 's nowhere better , '' goll gasps . 
 he points to a mound of logs covered in moss . 
 `` we can start a fire . 
 fell more trees , stake them in the ground and sharpen the tops . 
 make it hard for the demons to strike all at once . '' 
 `` but ... '' connla looks to the others for support , but ronan , lorcan and orna are already drawing their weapons , preparing for battle . 
 fiachna has his axe out and is studying the trees . 
 they know it 's hopeless , that we 're going to die . 
 but what choice do we have ? 
 there 's nothing to do but draw our lines , wait and face those who will most certainly destroy us . 
 die as warriors , with pride . 
 i 'm thinking about what spells i can use when a small hand slips into mine . 
 i look round . 
 run fast is smiling at me . 
 `` run fast ? '' 
 he whispers . 
 `` not now , '' i sigh . 
 the boy frowns . 
 `` run fast , '' he says more firmly . 
 i shake my head . 
 `` we have to stay and fight . 
 can you fight ? 
 do you know how to - '' the strange boy 's fingers grab mine tightly and his face hardens . 
 `` run fast ! '' 
 he hisses , then points with his free hand . 
 `` worm pups ! '' 
 i start to snap at him to be quiet . 
 then pause . 
 there 's a tingling sensation in run fast 's fingers . 
 some sort of magic . 
 i look down . 
 his hand is glowing slightly . 
 the boy looks at it too , then up at me . 
 `` worm pups , '' he repeats , softly this time . 
 `` goll ! '' 
 i shout . 
 the old warrior glances at me . 
 `` we 're leaving . '' 
 `` but - '' `` do n't argue ! '' 
 i move ahead with run fast . 
 `` we 'll die here . 
 but i think , if we carry on , there 's ... '' i stop , not sure what might lie beyond , but sensing in my heart that it 's better than this . 
 everybody 's looking at me now , torn between hope and suspicion . 
 `` this place is n't much , '' fiachna says , `` but it 's defendable . 
 if we 're caught on the run , we 're finished for sure . 
 are you certain ... ? '' 
 `` yes , '' i growl . 
 `` we have to go . 
 now . 
 we 're dead if we do n't . '' 
 `` but we 'll live if we do ? '' 
 connla asks dubiously . 
 `` perhaps . '' 
 it 's not enough . 
 they do n't trust my instincts . 
 they 're going to stay . 
 i open my mouth to argue afresh , but then orna lowers her knives and comes to my side . 
 `` i 'm with the girl . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 goll asks-not a challenge , just curious . 
 orna shrugs . 
 `` a feeling . '' 
 lorcan taps a few of his earrings with a knife tip . 
 `` i do n't feel like we 'll live if we go , but i 'm sure we 'll die if we stay . '' 
 goll looks around at the others and asks the question with his eyes . 
 they answer with weary glances and resigned shrugs . 
 `` so be it , '' he says , sheathing his sword . 
 `` bec-lead us . '' 
 we run . 
 sweat . 
 terror . 
 the sounds of chasing demons . 
 almost upon us . 
 a minute , maybe two , and we 'll be forced to stop and fight-stop and die . 
 the trees are thick around us . 
 impossible to see far . 
 it 's dark . 
 too dark . 
 i look up and notice extra branches , scraps of cloth , thatch torn from roofs , all sorts of bits and pieces scattered among the tree tops , linking the upper branches , keeping out the light of the moon and stars . 
 my stomach sinks . 
 this is a trap ! 
 i was wrong . 
 run fast was sent to lead us to our doom . 
 and we fell for it . 
 i start to shout a warning , even though it 's far too late . 
 then ... we burst into the open and come to a surprised halt . 
 there 's a clear circle around us and at the centre-a ring of giant stones . 
 most are taller than me . 
 some even tower above the lanky ronan and connla . 
 set in the ground at regular intervals . 
 ancient , covered in moss and creepers . 
 a place of magic , but magic from a time before ours , the time of the old creatures , when this country was the playground of the gods . 
 the demons are hot on our heels , surging up behind us , their stench foul in the air . 
 `` come on ! '' 
 fiachna screams . 
 we fly forward at his call , rushing to the stones , readying ourselves for battle . 
 we spill past the stones , into the middle of the ring . 
 the stones wo n't provide much cover but they 'll make it slightly harder for the demons to get at us and buy us a few seconds . 
 they wo n't make a real difference , but you 've always got to live in hope . 
 before you die at the hands of a fomorii . 
 lorcan jumps on to a stone which fell on its side many years ago . 
 he waves his sword over his head , screaming a challenge at the demons which are emerging from the cover of the trees . 
 dozens of twisted , hideous monsters . 
 one has the body of a bear but the head of a hawk . 
 another looks like a wolf but its inner organs hang from its limbs . 
 claws , fangs , blood-red eyes . 
 nightmares everywhere i look . 
 the demons advance slowly . 
 i assume they 're relishing the moment , prolonging it , toying with us . 
 but then they stop and howl with anger . 
 as we stare at the demons beating the ground with their fists , or tearing it with their claws , cursing us in their own garbled language , run fast steps up behind me , lays a hand on my shoulder and says with a confident little smile , `` worm pups . '' 
 the old magic is too strong for the demons . 
 they ca n't come within striking distance of the stones . 
 a few try , over the course of the night , making darting runs , heads low , howling their defiance . 
 each comes crashing to a halt or is thrown back as if they 'd run into a wall . 
 i wish we knew the magic of the old creatures . 
 we could build stone rings like this around every fort . 
 make the land safe again . 
 but those secrets are long lost . 
 banba often spoke of the ancient magicians but she knew little about them , except for the tales and legends which she herself was taught as a child . 
 when we 've finished laughing and cheering , we examine the stone circle in greater detail and what we find dampens our newly elated spirits . 
 bones . 
 some are from animals but most are human , stacked carefully in the centre , arranged so that the heads point west , in the direction of the setting sun . 
 the sun guides the dead to the otherworld and if bodies are n't cremated , they 're usually laid out facing the path of the ever-moving orb . 
 the bones are more recent than the stones . 
 many are still dotted with scraps of flesh and hair . 
 `` they must have been brought here after death , '' orna says . 
 `` to keep the fomorii from bringing them back to life . '' 
 `` perhaps , '' fiachna says . 
 `` but why not just burn them ? '' 
 `` maybe the bodies are part of the magic , '' ronan suggests . 
 `` the stones might need the power of the newly dead . '' 
 `` even if they did , '' goll says , `` what purpose would it serve ? 
 why drag bodies here just to keep demons from overrunning a ring of stones ? '' 
 the mystery puzzles us through the night-nobody can sleep with all the screams of the demons-but it 's solved early in the morning . 
 as the sun rises the demons retreat . 
 but they only withdraw as far as the trees which encircle the ring . 
 there , under the shade of the rough shelter , they stop and leer viciously at us , pounding the earth with a terrible , steady , threatening rhythm . 
 `` they worked on the trees , '' i say , a sick feeling in my stomach . 
 `` the people in this area must have sought the protection of the stones every night . 
 it made the demons mad . 
 then they had an idea . 
 they built a shelter in the trees around the circle . 
 when it was finished , they let the people in one night , then stood guard the next day , trapping them . 
 there was no way out . 
 they died here , slowly , of starvation and thirst . '' 
 `` most of the bodies do n't have weapons , '' goll sighs . 
 `` they probably got so used to coming here , they grew lazy . 
 did n't bother with weapons , since they were safe within the ring . 
 they could n't even try to fight their way to freedom . '' 
 `` and now we 're trapped too , '' connla says bitterly , shooting me a dirty look . 
 `` it 's not bec 's fault , '' fiachna snaps . 
 `` we 'd be dead already if not for her . '' 
 `` aye , '' connla admits grudgingly . 
 `` but i 'd have rather died fighting in the open than of hunger and thirst , trapped like a fox in its den . '' 
 `` you can die any time you like , '' goll says . 
 `` the demons are waiting . 
 go pick a fight with them if you want to die quickly . '' 
 `` maybe i 'll pick a fight with you instead , '' connla snarls . 
 `` men are so childish , '' orna snaps before the insults escalate . 
 `` instead of being grateful for this extra day , you 're bitter and scrap with each other like dogs . '' 
 `` what do we have to be grateful for ? '' 
 connla shouts . 
 `` we 're surrounded ! 
 we 'll die like the others who lie here and our bones will rot slowly , unburied , ignored by the gods . '' 
 `` not necessarily , '' orna disagrees . 
 `` the demons have n't built a wide shelter . 
 and we 're not weaponless . 
 if we break through their ranks , they wo n't be able to chase after us . '' 
 `` that wo n't be easy , '' ronan says , studying the lie of the land . 
 `` there 's a lot of space between this ring and the trees . 
 we ca n't surprise them . 
 they 'll see us coming and converge at that point . '' 
 `` so we separate , '' orna shrugs . 
 `` we pair off and dart at them from a few directions at once . 
 i doubt if everyone will make it through but some of us should . '' 
 `` the strongest , '' fiachna notes softly , looking at run fast and me . 
 `` what about the smaller ones ? '' 
 `` we 'll take our chances , '' i say stiffly , not happy with fiachna for slighting me . 
 i 'm no warrior but i know how to fight and i 'm not afraid to die . 
 i want to be treated equally , not as a helpless child . 
 `` if we 're going to try that , we need to do it soon , '' goll says . 
 `` if we can put a full day 's march between us and these monsters , they 'll never catch up . 
 but if we leave it until later , they 'll just wait until dark and give chase again . '' 
 `` i do n't see that we 've any choice , '' lorcan says . 
 `` hit hard , run fast and - '' `` run fast ! '' 
 run fast shouts . 
 we smile at him but he does n't see the humour in it . 
 `` run fast ! '' 
 he yells again . 
 `` run fast ! '' 
 `` easy , '' goll says , reaching out a hand to soothe the agitated boy . 
 run fast ducks away from goll . 
 `` run fast ! '' 
 he insists . 
 then , before we can stop him , he darts past the safety of the stones and races towards the trees-and the demons . 
 `` run fast ! '' 
 i scream . 
 `` come back ! '' 
 he ignores my cry but draws to a halt short of the trees . 
 the demons in that area have bunched together , snarling and drooling , reaching out towards run fast , each wanting to be the first to snag him and feast on his flesh . 
 run fast dodges the hands , paws and claws of the demons , then starts to ... to ... no ! 
 i ca n't believe it . 
 but yes-he starts to dance ! 
 it 's crazy . 
 incredible . 
 ridiculous . 
 but he dances anyway . 
 it 's not a graceful dance , or a dance of magic or power . 
 he just hops from foot to foot , clapping his hands , waving them around , grunting a series of off-key tunes . 
 the demons go wild , infuriated by the display . 
 run fast is taunting them , dancing around within their reach , mocking them . 
 they fall over one another in their fury , clutching , grasping , desperate to drag him down and put an end to his insolence . 
 some even step out of the shade of the trees and lunge at him , risking the burning rays of the sun . 
 run fast dodges them all , leaps here , darts there , dancing all the time . 
 he sets off on a circuit , the demons following him . 
 he comes within range of those who 've been standing their ground , keeping an eye or three on the rest of us . 
 as he passes , they lose interest in everything but the dancing boy and join with the rest of their inhuman clan , giving chase , lashing out , spitting poison . 
 within minutes every demon is focused on run fast , stumbling after him , clashing with each other , fighting among themselves . 
 demons are never the most logical of creatures . 
 now they 've lost their senses entirely and only care about destroying this dancing thorn in their side . 
 they 've forgotten the rest of us . 
 `` i would n't have believed it if i had n't seen it , '' goll says , stunned , watching the show with a wide , incredulous eye . 
 `` look at how he dances away from them , '' fiachna murmurs . 
 `` he slides through their fingers like smoke . '' 
 `` there 's more to the fool than we thought , '' connla says , a hint of disapproval in his expression . 
 he does n't like surprises , even when they work to his advantage . 
 `` come on , '' orna says . 
 `` he 's created a gap for us to slip through . 
 let 's not waste it by giving the demons time to regain their senses . '' 
 `` what about run fast ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` he 'll be fine , '' goll laughs . 
 `` he 'll catch us up later . 
 i think it would take more than all the demons of the land to snare that boy ! '' 
 i do n't like the thought of leaving run fast behind . 
 i study him as he continues to dance around the rim of the circle , teasing and tormenting the demons . 
 as i 'm watching , i notice that one of the demons is n't chasing run fast . 
 it 's standing by itself , ignoring the commotion , gaze fixed on the ring of stones ... on us . 
 i ca n't see very well , but it looks to be a pale red colour and curiously lumpy , as though made of wet clay . 
 and it 's not standing on the ground-it 's floating . 
 there 's something especially disturbing about this fomorii . 
 it 's not like any other demon i 've seen . 
 but before i can move forward for a closer look , goll slaps my back and points me in the opposite direction , where the trees stand unguarded . 
 `` run like the wind , little one , '' he says . 
 `` and for neit 's sake , do n't stop or look back ! '' 
 run fast joins us nearly an hour later . 
 i thought he 'd be quicker than that , and was worrying , thinking about going back for him . 
 when he appears , i see why he was so long-he stopped to pick flowers and weave a necklace out of them . 
 `` turnips ! '' 
 he shouts happily , waving the necklace at us . 
 there 's a big group cheer and we surround him , laughing , hugging , exclaiming at the same time - `` that was amazing ! '' 
 `` i 've never seen anything like it ! '' 
 `` you must be a son of the gods ! '' 
 `` the demons thought they had us dead but they did n't count on run fast ! '' 
 run fast smiles hazily , unsure of what all the fuss is about . 
 in his head , i do n't think leading demons a merry chase counts for much . 
 he 's far prouder of the necklace of flowers . 
 when we 're through congratulating run fast we set off again , anxious to cover as much ground as we can before nightfall . 
 it 's a showery day and we 're soon soaked . 
 but that 's a minor inconvenience . 
 we 'll take any amount of soakings after our unexpected escape from the demons . 
 early afternoon . 
 i 've been discussing the ring of stones with fiachna , wondering how old it was , who built it , what its original purpose might have been . 
 `` a pity they did n't have ogham stones back then , '' fiachna says . 
 `` they could have told us who they were and lived on through their writing . '' 
 `` can you read ogham ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` a bit . 
 i learnt it from a bard who could n't pay me for my work . 
 can you ? '' 
 `` no . 
 banba did n't like ogham . 
 she said magic should n't be recorded , that history should be kept alive by word of mouth . '' 
 `` perhaps , '' fiachna says . 
 `` but many stories are lost forever that way . 
 i think ... '' he stops , eyes narrowing . 
 `` connla ! '' 
 he calls-the young would-be king has been leading for the last couple of hours . 
 when connla looks back , fiachna points to a spot off to the right . 
 `` a large , strange hut . 
 i think it 's a church . '' 
 everyone gathers around us . 
 i can see the tip of the building now that fiachna 's pointed it out . 
 it 's not like any i 've seen before but i 've heard of its type . 
 a christian church . 
 i did n't know they 'd built any this close to our tuath . 
 we advance on the church . 
 my insides are tight . 
 it 's a feeling i always get when i hear of the upstart religion . 
 christians are new to our land , but already it 's hard to imagine a time when they were n't here . 
 they 've spread as fast as rabbits , bringing their churches and unnatural ways into tuath after tuath , converting everyone they encounter . 
 i 've never met a christian but from what i 've heard they 're powerful and persuasive , with no tolerance for other ways of thinking . 
 they believe all people should follow their faith , that no gods are real except their own . 
 the threat of christians was a major worry for us before the fomorii came . 
 even though we were far removed from any of the infected tuatha , we knew we could n't hope to avoid them forever . 
 from what we heard , they 'd converted all of the north and east . 
 it was only a matter of time before their priests came-maybe their high priest , padraig , would come himself-and then ... would they convert us too ? 
 would conn grant them his backing , as so many other kings had , and order us to follow their ways , abandon our gods , adopt their customs ? 
 it did n't seem possible . 
 our religion is old . 
 our gods are sacred , as real to us as our ancestors . 
 we lead our lives based on ancient , just laws , handed down from father to son , mother to daughter . 
 how could we turn away from all that within a matter of days and become another people entirely ? 
 i 'd have said it was impossible , except i knew from the reports that it is n't . 
 while the christians do n't have our understanding and control of magic , they have strange powers of their own . 
 they 've come from far across the world , winning over most of those they met along the way . 
 common sense suggested we 'd be no different , no more immune to their persuasive spells than any other clan . 
 we thought christianity was the worst disaster that could befall us . 
 then the demons attacked and we realised there were far greater enemies in the world than the followers of the god they call christ . 
 creeping up to the door of the church . 
 i sense power within . 
 a dark , throbbing , painful power . 
 it gives me a headache . 
 this church does n't have the natural feel of our own holy places . 
 it 's a building of power but not magic . 
 we stop at the door of the church , unwilling to enter in case demons are inside . 
 i thought a church would be protected from the fomorii , like the ring of stones . 
 but as powerful as they are , christians lack the skills of the old creatures , because it 's obvious this church has been attacked and demons have been at play . 
 we can see the mess through the open door . 
 blood everywhere . 
 bits of human bodies . 
 a man 's head-maybe a priest 's - stuck on the tip of a spear set in the centre of the church . 
 eyelids ripped off , eyes gouged out , demonic symbols scrawled in blood across his forehead and cheeks . 
 `` i 've never seen demons do this , '' goll says , scratching the flesh over his own lost eye . 
 `` they usually strike and kill , make off with the bodies they want , leave the others just scattered around . 
 this is different . '' 
 `` it 's like what we do with our enemies after a battle , '' fiachna agrees . 
 `` if you add this to the trap they built around the ring of stones , there 's only one conclusion . 
 tiernan was right-they 're becoming more intelligent . '' 
 i feel sick when fiachna says that . 
 if the demons start plotting , scheming and fighting like humans , with their extra strength and powers they 're certain to crush us all within months . 
 we stand in the doorway a few moments more , studying the face of the dead man . 
 then we retreat , spirits dampened , and continue on our trek to run fast 's home , wondering if we 'll find similar scenes of chaos there . 
 late in the evening . 
 worrying about the night ahead and where we 'll stop . 
 it 's too much to hope to find another ring of magical stones . 
 we 're tired from the march and lack of sleep . 
 if we do n't find shelter soon , we 're in trouble . 
 all of a sudden , without warning , run fast darts ahead of us . 
 he stops , looks back and beckons hastily . 
 `` bumpy frogs ! '' 
 he shouts . 
 `` run fast ! '' 
 then he tears ahead , disappearing through the trees . 
 `` looks like our journey 's at an end , '' connla smiles . 
 `` i thought we 'd have a much further march than that . '' 
 `` the gods must be looking down on us , '' goll grunts , then catches connla 's arm as he goes to follow run fast . 
 `` careful . 
 do n't forget why we 're here . 
 these people are in trouble . 
 there 's no telling what we 'll find . 
 the demons might have them surrounded , like at the ring of stones . '' 
 connla hesitates , then takes a step back . 
 `` what do you suggest ? 
 go in together or send a scout first ? '' 
 `` together , '' goll says after a second of thought . 
 `` to separate is to weaken . 
 but everybody draw your weapons and tread carefully . '' 
 when we 're all prepared , we advance cautiously , scanning the branches of the trees overhead and roots at our feet-sometimes worm-like demons disguise themselves as roots and snag unsuspecting passers-by . 
 a couple of minutes later we come to a clearing and find ourselves at the edge of a lake . 
 a crannog has been built on an island in the middle of the water . 
 a small , fenced fort , containing half a dozen huts . 
 there 's a sentry post built above the gate , and from the marks beneath it and here on the shore , i think there was once a bridge connecting the island to the mainland . 
 but that 's been demolished , probably because of the threat posed by demons . 
 now you can only get to it by swimming or in one of the curraghs tied up close to the fort 's gate . 
 `` hello ! '' 
 goll yells . 
 echoes , then silence . 
 run fast is hopping up and down , his face alight , reaching out to the crannog as though he can stretch across the lake and stroke the walls of the fence . 
 `` anybody there ? '' 
 goll shouts . 
 when the silence holds , he adds , `` we 've come to help . 
 your boy told us you were in trouble . 
 we 're here to ... '' he draws to a halt , since it 's obvious nobody 's going to answer . 
 `` it 's a ghost village , '' ronan says . 
 `` we 're too late , '' connla sniffs . 
 `` maybe not , '' fiachna disagrees . 
 `` they might be sheltering underground , in a souterrain , where they ca n't hear us . '' 
 `` you two seem to think people do nothing but cower underground , '' connla snorts , nodding at fiachna and orna . 
 `` why do n't you just accept the simple truth that when nobody answers a call , it means they 're all dead ? '' 
 `` i prefer to hope for the best , '' orna says stiffly , `` even when i can see just as clearly as you that it 's unlikely . '' 
 `` smoke bread , '' run fast says bafflingly , leaning over so far that he almost topples into the lake . 
 `` right , '' goll says . 
 `` we have n't come all this way to turn back now . 
 if nothing else , the crannog offers a place to rest tonight . '' 
 `` unless it 's been taken over by demons , '' connla says . 
 `` unless it 's been taken over by demons , '' goll agrees . 
 `` but we have to check . 
 lorcan , will you swim across and come back in a curragh for the rest of us ? '' 
 lorcan 's the best swimmer in our tuath . 
 even when he was twelve years old , he could beat most grown men in a race . 
 he steps forward now and studies the water , looking for demons . 
 he ca n't see any but that does n't mean it 's safe-they often hide down deep during the day , to avoid the rays of the sun . 
 without saying anything , lorcan undresses quickly , then dives in and strikes powerfully for the crannog . 
 we watch nervously , ronan having notched an arrow to his bow , ready to fire instantly if his brother comes under attack . 
 lorcan makes it to the crannog unhindered and pulls himself out , pausing only to offer up a quick prayer of thanks to the gods . 
 he brushes water from his stubbly hair-it comes off in rusty red drops , coloured by the blood caked into his scalp . 
 then he unties a leather-framed curragh and rows across to where we 're waiting , hard strokes , one eye on the setting sun . 
 lorcan , goll , run fast and orna cross first . 
 then lorcan rows back to pick up ronan , fiachna , connla and me . 
 at the gate i test the air for the scent of demons . 
 it 's clear . 
 i do n't think there are monsters in the village but i ca n't be certain . 
 `` will we try the gate or go over the fence ? '' 
 goll asks . 
 `` the gate 's open , '' fiachna says . 
 goll squints , then chuckles . 
 `` i was never the sharpest with two eyes , but with only one ... '' he looks around . 
 `` we 'll go in fast . 
 any sign of trouble , retreat to the gate . 
 based on what we 're facing , we 'll decide then whether to fight or flee . '' 
 deep breath . 
 weapons drawn . 
 a signal from goll . 
 in . 
 no demons . 
 no people either . 
 just a few chickens and lots of blood . 
 while we stand a few paces inside the gate , run fast chases after the chickens , laughing . 
 they squawk and flap away from him . 
 with his speed he could catch them easily , but he 's only playing with them . 
 `` do you think they 're all dead ? '' 
 orna asks , eyes narrow , nose wrinkled against the stench of fresh blood . 
 `` unless they 're hiding , '' goll grunts . 
 `` we should check the huts , '' fiachna says . 
 `` aye . '' 
 goll points at ronan , fiachna , connla and me . 
 `` you four go right . 
 the rest of us will go left . 
 we 'll meet in the middle if all 's clear . '' 
 `` what about run fast ? '' 
 i ask . 
 goll looks at the boy chasing the chickens . 
 `` i do n't think he 'd be much help . '' 
 we set off quickly , each of us aware of the rapidly setting sun . 
 it 's almost the time of the fomorii . 
 the first hut . 
 holes have been torn in the walls , so it 's easy to peer in . 
 floor caked in drying blood but otherwise empty . 
 no trapdoor or hiding place . 
 we push on . 
 the second hut 's smaller than the first . 
 a tiny entrance . 
 no holes in the walls . 
 dark pools of shadows . 
 we stick our heads through the doorway , allowing our eyes to adjust to the gloom . 
 objects gradually swim into sight . 
 pots , a small table , a broken chair . 
 rugs on the floor-there could be a souterrain beneath . 
 we slide in , ronan first , me last , looking up for winged demons hanging from the thatch . 
 the men search beneath the rugs-nothing . 
 they file out . 
 i 'm bringing up the rear , almost through the door , when something breathes behind me . 
 `` beccccccc ... '' i stop ... turn ... eyes wide ... heart beating fast . 
 i stare into the shadows . 
 i ca n't see anything but i know i 'm not alone . 
 i want to duck out of the door or call for help but i ca n't . 
 my tongue is frozen , not with fear , but magic . 
 instant reaction-magic . 
 i do n't waste time screaming . 
 i bark a spell , my lips moving quicker than ever before . 
 my hands heat up . 
 then , instead of wrenching my arms away , which is what the demon expects , i grab its claws tightly and try to scorch them to scraps . 
 it does n't work . 
 as my hands glow , the claws grasping me glow too . 
 brighter and brighter , the pair of us , a contest . 
 for several seconds we are locked together , no words , my gaze fixed on my hands and the claws . 
 then i start noticing details-not claws but hands . 
 smooth flesh , eight fingers , two thumbs . 
 dark flesh but not demon dark-human dark . 
 i bring my eyes up but i ca n't see my attacker 's face because of the magical glow . 
 a swift inner debate . 
 then i let the power drain from me . 
 the light dies away . 
 shadows reform . 
 it takes my eyes a while to adjust but when they do i see that i was right-it 's a man , not a monster . 
 and he 's smiling . 
 `` good , '' the man says . 
 `` you have magic-a bit anyway-and common sense . 
 you 'll do . '' 
 then he brushes past me , out of the hut , and summons the others with a far-reaching call . 
 `` you can stop searching . 
 it 's safe . 
 there are no demons here . 
 now come and find out why i sent the boy to fetch you . '' 
 the stranger 's name is drust and-as we immediately see by his long blue tunic and shaved , tattooed head-he 's a druid . 
 after calling us together and telling us his name , drust does n't speak for a long time . 
 instead , he builds a fire and casts a spell to prevent smoke and contain the glow within the crannog , so as not to attract demons . 
 after a while he takes hot rocks from the fire-with his bare fingers-and places them in a pit filled with water . 
 when the water is the right heat , he drops in chunks of meat wrapped in straw . 
 we sit silently , eyeing drust suspiciously , waiting for him to speak . 
 i 've never seen a druid before . 
 wandering men of minor magic , yes , but never one of the legendary seers . 
 his tattoos are amazing . 
 they 're a map of the stars , but they move like the stars do , slowly revolving across his scalp . 
 when the meat is cooking to drust 's satisfaction , he stands before us and runs a calculating eye over the group , one by one , judging . 
 his eye seems to rest longest on me but maybe i just imagine that . 
 we 're all tense . 
 we have tremendous respect for druids , but we fear them too . 
 they 're human , but something else as well , powerful , with rules and ways of their own . 
 we 've heard tales of how they sacrifice children to the gods , breed with demons , build mountains , level raths and divert the course of rivers . 
 finally , drust looks at run fast . 
 he smiles at the boy , then clicks his fingers . 
 run fast edges over to him like a dog to its master . 
 drust ruffles the boy 's untidy hair , his smile widening . 
 `` you did well , bran , '' he says . 
 `` bran ! '' 
 i gasp . 
 `` is that his name ? 
 he never told us . 
 we called him run fast because ... '' drust looks at me calmly and i come to a halt . 
 there 's no menace in his eyes , but no warmth either . 
 he studies me in much the same way that i 've studied dead demons in the past . 
 `` yes , '' the druid says in an accent not of this land . 
 `` it 's bran . 
 he did n't tell you because he 's incapable of remembering names . '' 
 drust speaks slowly , the words sounding strange on his lips . 
 i do n't think our language is his own . 
 `` is bran from here , '' fiachna asks quietly , `` or is he your apprentice ? '' 
 drust raises a mocking eyebrow . 
 `` you think i would take an idiot as an apprentice ? '' 
 `` he 's simple but blessed , '' fiachna replies . 
 `` he has speed and other powers not of normal men . '' 
 drust nods . 
 `` which is why i sent him for assistance . 
 but , touched by magic as he is , bran 's brain can never develop . 
 he would be as useless to me as he was to his own people . '' 
 he pauses , then adds , `` i doubt he came from here originally but this is where i found him . '' 
 drust releases bran 's hair . 
 the boy looks up at the druid , to see if he 's going to pet him again , then slides over to my side and sits beside me . 
 i stroke the back of his hands absent-mindedly while the conversation continues . 
 `` and you ? '' 
 goll asks . 
 `` where are you from ? '' 
 drust points in an easterly direction . 
 `` are you a pict ? '' 
 connla asks . 
 `` drust is a pict 's name . '' 
 `` i was , as a child , before i became a druid . '' 
 the picts are an ancient people from across the great water to the east . 
 i was n't aware that any still remained . 
 they 're a dying race , killed or absorbed by stronger tribes . 
 drust must be one of the last of his kind . 
 before we can ask any more questions , drust points at goll and says , `` are you the leader of this band ? '' 
 `` no , '' goll replies . 
 `` we have no leader . 
 but i 'm the eldest , so i suppose i can speak for us . '' 
 out of the corner of my eye i see connla bristle-he probably looks upon himself as the rightful leader-but he does n't say anything . 
 `` then i will address my words to you , '' drust says . 
 `` i 'll keep it simple . 
 i am here to end the demon attacks . 
 i need your help . 
 you must come with me . '' 
 he stops as though those few sentences are explanation enough . 
 the flesh around goll 's single eye wrinkles . 
 `` you 'll need to tell us more than that , druid or no druid , '' he murmurs . 
 `` to begin with , what happened here and where are run f-i mean , bran 's people ? '' 
 `` demons . '' 
 drust shrugs . 
 `` they 'd been attacking long before i arrived . 
 bran 's tribe-the macroth-were exhausted , close to defeat . 
 shortly after i came , that defeat finally befell them . '' 
 `` the demons killed everyone ? '' 
 goll asks and drust nods . 
 `` then why not you ? '' 
 he phrases it lightly , but it 's clearly a challenge . 
 it 's unnatural for all to perish except this one stranger . 
 what goll 's really asking is did drust betray the macroth-and will he betray us too ? 
 `` they did n't kill me because they could n't see me , '' drust says . 
 `` just as your people could n't see me when they entered the hut where i was staying . 
 i know masking spells which hide me from sight . 
 if your girl priestess had been more experienced , she 'd have seen through my shield . 
 but she is not yet mistress of her arts . '' 
 `` why not hide the macroth too ? '' 
 orna asks angrily . 
 drust sniffs . 
 `` all magic has its limits . 
 i have the power to mask a handful of people but not sixteen . '' 
 `` if not sixteen , why not eight ? '' 
 lorcan growls . 
 `` or four ? 
 or even one ? '' 
 `` as your own magician-wet behind the ears as she is-can tell you , magic is draining . 
 a masking spell for several people , maintained over a long period , would have tired me . 
 i need to be at my most powerful if i 'm to save all from the threat of the demonata . '' 
 `` demonata ? '' 
 ronan frowns . 
 he 's been keeping one hand on his bow , ready to swing it round and fire off an arrow if drust makes any untoward moves . 
 `` do you mean the fomorii ? '' 
 `` they 're not fomorii , '' drust snorts . 
 `` the fomorii were brutish humans with just a hint of the demonic about them . 
 the demonata come directly from what you call the otherworld . 
 their powers are pure . 
 they can not be fought and defeated by human means . 
 only by magic . '' 
 `` i think many of the demons we 've killed would disagree with that , '' connla smirks . 
 `` familiars , '' drust retorts . 
 `` weak , mindless creatures . 
 they 've come ahead of their masters , like rats ahead of a mighty plague . 
 when the true demonata arrive your weapons will be useless . '' 
 our features tighten . 
 we 'd guessed that more intelligent , stronger demons were coming , but not that we would n't be able to kill them . 
 if this is true , it means the end of all we 've ever known and cared about . 
 drust cocks an eyebrow , inviting further questions , making it clear that such queries are a waste of his time . 
 goll pushes on anyway . 
 `` so you stood by and let these demonata kill the macroth . 
 we 'll return to that , but first tell us - '' `` we wo n't , '' drust interrupts . 
 `` the macroth meant nothing to me , just as you mean nothing to me . 
 my aim is to save this land . 
 if sixteen-or sixty , or six hundred-have to die , so be it . 
 the macroth would have perished whether i was here or not . 
 since their living or dying had no impact on my quest , i kept out of their affairs , just as i 'll keep out of yours if i decide you are of no use to me either . '' 
 goll 's face whitens with anger but he controls his temper and instead of shouting , he hisses a question . 
 `` tell us how we can be of use . 
 if you 're so powerful , what are we here for ? 
 we came to help people in distress , not a damn druid who has no need of us . '' 
 `` but i do have need of you , '' drust says evenly . 
 `` i have travelled far to stem the tide of demons at its source . 
 such travels are perilous , even for one of my powers . 
 i can not complete my quest alone . 
 when i set out , months ago , it was with several companions , all of whom fell in the course of our journey . 
 i need new warriors to replace them . '' 
 `` us ? '' 
 connla laughs . 
 `` you think we 'll fight and die for you ? 
 `` if you have any sense , '' drust says . 
 `` the demonata are your problem . 
 they can not cross the sea to my land . 
 you and your people are the ones who will suffer if i fail . '' 
 `` we can fight the demons ourselves , '' lorcan says stiffly . 
 `` we do n't need help from the likes of you . '' 
 drust laughs . 
 his laughter offends us all , but before we can react , he speaks quickly . 
 `` you have n't fought the masters yet , only their minions . 
 the demons you 've faced-along with the pitiful undead-are merely the first wave . 
 a tunnel has opened between this land and the otherworld . 
 it will allow demons to enter our realm freely . 
 it 's a small tunnel but it 's growing . 
 as it grows , larger , smarter , stronger demons will cross . 
 they can roam the land by day as well as night . 
 and , as i 've already told you , they can only be killed by magic . '' 
 he stops . 
 our faces are ashen . 
 nobody can speak , not even the hot-headed connla . 
 when drust has measured the impact of his words , he continues . 
 `` the druids wo n't come to your aid . 
 this island had already passed beyond our control-the christians drove us out . 
 the view of most druids is that it makes no difference whether christians or demons rule here . 
 in fact many would prefer the demonata-they hate christians even more than demons . '' 
 `` but they 'll slaughter us all ! '' 
 i cry . 
 drust 's expression is unreadable . 
 `` aye . '' 
 a pause . 
 `` unless i stop them . '' 
 `` by yourself ? '' 
 connla sneers . 
 `` there 's just one tunnel and at the moment it 's vulnerable , '' drust says . 
 `` if the gap between worlds can be plugged , the demons can no longer cross . 
 one man , if he has the power and knows what he 's doing , can close the tunnel . 
 i am such a man . '' 
 `` but why ? '' 
 fiachna asks . 
 `` if the rest of the druids do n't care , why do you ? '' 
 `` i have reasons , '' drust says , lowering his gaze for the first time . 
 `` they are my own . '' 
 his eyes rise again . 
 `` will you help me or not ? '' 
 `` to do what ? '' 
 goll asks . 
 `` stop the demonata ! '' 
 drust groans . 
 `` have n't you been listening ? '' 
 `` i have , '' goll says , smiling bitterly . 
 `` what i mean is , how can we help ? 
 what exactly do you want us to do ? '' 
 `` i must go west , '' drust says , `` to the coast . 
 there , i can find out where the tunnel is located . '' 
 `` you do n't know ? '' 
 fiachna asks . 
 drust shakes his head . 
 `` i searched for it with my original companions . 
 i thought i could find it by myself . 
 i was wrong . '' 
 `` how will you find out by going to the coast ? '' 
 orna asks . 
 `` that 's my business , '' drust huffs . 
 `` yours , if you accept the challenge , will be to escort me safely . 
 say now whether or not you are worthy of such responsibility . 
 if not , i 'll send bran forth again , to hunt for those of a nobler clan . '' 
 connla drives himself to his feet , hand going to his sword , ready to cut drust down . 
 but at a wave of drust 's hand he stops , frozen . 
 it 's a simple halting spell-banba taught me several like it-but expertly woven . 
 connla might as well be carved out of wood . 
 drust looks questioningly at goll . 
 the old warrior 's unhappy . 
 his distrust of the druid is plain to see and mirrored on the faces of the rest of us . 
 but if what we 've heard is true ... `` you must come to our rath and tell your story to our king , '' goll says . 
 `` if he 's inclined to provide assistance , he can send more - '' `` there is n't time , '' drust interrupts sharply . 
 `` come with me in the morning or return to your homes and i 'll search for other allies . '' 
 goll sighs , deeply troubled . 
 he looks around for advice . 
 `` i do n't trust him , '' orna says , making a sign to ward off evil spirits . 
 `` but i am not of your tuath . 
 i will follow your lead in this matter . '' 
 `` we 've made it this far , '' ronan says neutrally . 
 `` we can go further . '' 
 `` perhaps he could teach us better ways to kill demons , '' lorcan notes . 
 it 's clear the twins like the idea of journeying with the druid and facing extra dangers and demons . 
 they 're young and bloodthirsty . 
 they care more about notching up kills than the welfare of the clan . 
 `` i 'm of two minds , '' fiachna mutters . 
 `` our people will think the worst if we 're gone too long . 
 perhaps one or two of us should go back . 
 bec , for instance . 
 i 'm about to protest but before i can , drust does it for me . 
 `` no ! '' 
 he snaps with unexpected force . 
 `` if you stay , the girl stays . 
 her powers might come in useful . 
 she 's weak and undisciplined but i can work with her . 
 she 'd be an asset . '' 
 `` connla ? '' 
 goll asks . 
 held by the spell , connla ca n't answer , so drust waves his hand again and frees the warrior . 
 connla glares hatefully at the druid , then spits at his feet . 
 `` i say damn him and all his wretched kind ! 
 where were they when the demons came ? 
 we can hold our own without them , as we have since the start . '' 
 `` and if hordes of demons attack by day ? '' 
 fiachna says softly . 
 `` more powerful than any we 've fought so far ? 
 organised , brutal , unkillable ? '' 
 `` why should we believe that ? '' 
 connla counters . 
 `` he could be lying , just to - '' `` the ring of stones and the church , '' i remind him . 
 i should n't involve myself in this without being invited to share my thoughts , but i ca n't keep quiet . 
 `` we 've seen the work of clever , cunning demons . 
 it 's true , connla . 
 you know it is . '' 
 connla hesitates , the memories altering his expression . 
 `` it would be a great honour , '' fiachna says wryly . 
 `` if drust succeeds , and we play a part in that success , we 'll be hailed as heroes throughout the four provinces . '' 
 that 's the clincher for connla . 
 if he could help save the entire land , his kingship would be guaranteed . 
 and maybe not just king of our tuath , but of our province . 
 maybe more-the first high king of all the provinces . 
 many have tried to exercise complete control . 
 all have failed . 
 but still the greedier warriors dream . 
 `` very well , '' connla grunts . 
 `` i vote we go with him . '' 
 goll nods reluctantly . 
 `` then it 's decided . '' 
 a quiet night . 
 no attacks . 
 the demons think everyone here is dead , so they 've no reason to bother with the crannog . 
 i get a night of deep sleep and so do the others , too exhausted even for nightmares . 
 we all wake refreshed in the morning . 
 drust 's already up . 
 he 's prepared cold slices of meat from the night before and hot porridge , which we share in silence in the greyish pre-dawn haze . 
 fiachna searches the village for a forge , smith 's tools or other weapons like bran 's knife but he does n't find any . 
 the rest of us go on a quick search too , for weapons or food . 
 we kill the remaining chickens , take the eggs they 've laid and some slabs of cured pork . 
 but there 's little else worthwhile . 
 we 're ready to go but drust says he needs to pray first . 
 he finds a place where he can face the rising sun , then kneels , closes his eyes and meditates . 
 `` how long will he be ? '' 
 connla asks me . 
 `` five or ten minutes . '' 
 actually , i do n't have a clue but i do n't want to look ignorant in front of connla . 
 `` time enough for a quick shave , '' connla says . 
 filling a bucket with water , he douses his face , takes a small knife , wets the blade and waits for the water to settle . 
 then , studying his reflection , he scrapes the hairs off his cheeks and chin . 
 most of the men in our rath grow beards but connla prefers the smooth look . 
 goll sometimes teases him about it , says he looks like a girl . 
 bran-it 's hard not to think of him as run fast-watches connla shave , fascinated . 
 maybe he 's never seen a man shaving before . 
 he pays extra close attention as connla trims around the sides of his upper lip , careful not to disturb the hairs of his moustache . 
 as he 's finishing , cleaning the blade , bran reaches over , grabs a patch of connla 's moustache and yanks hard . 
 the hairs rip out and connla howls with pain and surprise . 
 bran holds the hairs up proudly , grinning . 
 he thought connla missed them and was trying to help . 
 but connla does n't see it that way . 
 he roars at the boy and swings a fist . 
 bran ducks , still holding up the hairs . 
 connla lunges after him . 
 bran laughs and flees , shouting , `` run fast ! 
 run fast ! '' 
 connla chases , cursing foully , drawing his sword . 
 the rest of us fall about with laughter . 
 we know connla wo n't catch bran-if he was too fast for demons , a human stands no chance . 
 connla eventually realises this and stops chasing the boy . 
 after hurling a few final curses at him and some more at us , he storms back to the bucket , regards his ruined moustache with a miserable expression , then scrapes the rest of the hairs away , shaving his lip bare . 
 bran edges up to me , timidly holding out the hairs . 
 `` giblets , '' he says , handing them over . 
 i give the boy a delighted hug . 
 goll claps him hard on the back-the old warrior is crying with laughter . 
 `` i 'd keep him out of connla 's way for a few hours , '' fiachna chuckles . 
 `` he 'll calm down later but he 'll be in a foul mood for a while . '' 
 `` do n't worry , '' i grin , squeezing bran tight . 
 `` i 'll look after him . '' 
 `` giblets , '' bran repeats , stroking the hairs fondly , as if they were petals , making us all laugh again . 
 shortly after the sun rises , drust stops praying and we depart . 
 bran trots along beside us , unaware of the scowling connla 's dark looks . 
 i keep the boy close , in case the surly warrior tries to hurt him . 
 i doubt he would , but i 'm never sure about connla . 
 he 's a hard one to read . 
 impossible to know how he 'll react to a joke or how deeply to heart he 'll take a light insult . 
 i study bran as he jogs , smiling at the countryside , squinting up at the sky and birds , perfectly content . 
 i assume he had family and friends in the crannog , all of whom are dead now , but he does n't seem bothered by the loss . 
 at first i pity him but the more i think about it , pity turns to envy . 
 it must be nice to live like bran , immune to the pains which the rest of us suffer . 
 knowing what i know-that unless drust succeeds , this land will be overrun by unstoppable demons-i wish i could be as empty-headed as the fleet-footed boy . 
 heading due west , we make good time . 
 after a while drust drops back and walks beside me , nudging bran out of the way . 
 the druid asks lots of questions about my past , banba , my training . 
 he wants to know what i can do , how powerful i am . 
 he sneers when i tell him about my remarkable memory-that does n't interest him . 
 when he asks about my family , i tell him i 'm an orphan of unknown origin . 
 `` you 've no idea who your people were ? '' 
 he presses . 
 `` no . '' 
 i pause . 
 `` do you ? '' 
 he frowns . 
 `` why should i ? '' 
 i shrug , not wishing to tell him about my vision and the possibility that my mother might have been sending me out to find my original clan . 
 drust continues asking about my magic , what spells i know , where my strengths lie . 
 his enquiries fill me with unease . 
 they should n't . 
 it 's natural for a magician to be interested in the abilities of another . 
 but this does n't feel like simple curiosity . 
 he seems to be testing me , probing for weaknesses . 
 i recall what he said back in the hut - `` you 'll do '' - and worry burns in my stomach like a fire . 
 at midday we take a short rest . 
 drust sits slightly apart from the rest of us . 
 instead of eating , he pulls a board out of the bag which he carries on his back . 
 a strange board , the surface divided into an equal number of black and white squares . 
 it 's the thickness of the length of my thumb , made of crystal . 
 he sets it down on the ground , then spills small , carved shapes out on to the grass . 
 when he starts to position the pieces on the board , i realise it 's some sort of game . 
 `` chess , '' orna says as drust moves the first piece . 
 drust looks up eagerly . 
 `` you play ? '' 
 `` no . 
 one of the slaves in our tuath had a set but it was only played by men . 
 i picked up some of the rules by watching but i do n't know them all . '' 
 `` a pity , '' drust sighs . 
 `` it 's been a long time since i had anyone to test my wits against . '' 
 he concentrates . 
 moves a white piece shaped like a horse 's head , then one of the many simply shaped black pieces . 
 everyone 's interested in this new game . 
 we 've never seen it in our tuath . 
 orna explains about the game while drust plays but it 's hard to follow the rules , especially as orna is unsure of them herself . 
 `` the main aim is to keep your king from being taken ? '' 
 lorcan asks . 
 `` aye , '' orna says . 
 `` why ca n't he fight ? '' 
 ronan frowns . 
 `` a king should be a fine warrior , yet the kings in this game seem scared . 
 they hide at the back . '' 
 `` it hails from a different land , '' orna explains . 
 `` in some places kings do n't fight . 
 they send others to battle in their place . '' 
 angry mutters from the men - `` it 's not right ! '' 
 `` barbarians ! '' 
 `` the likes of those would n't last long against demons ! '' 
 i ignore them and focus on drust and the way his hands linger over the pieces . 
 long , slender , unmarked fingers . 
 they move the pieces swiftly , smoothly , from one spot to the other . 
 i get the sense that he could move us just as easily . 
 and maybe already has . 
 after lunch , drust marches beside me again . 
 but now , instead of asking questions , he says , `` i can teach you if you 're willing to learn . '' 
 `` chess ? '' 
 i reply eagerly . 
 `` no . 
 magic . '' 
 i come to a halt and stare at him as if he 'd slapped me . 
 fiachna and connla stop behind us , hands sliding to their weapons . 
 i start walking again before they ask what 's wrong . 
 drust keeps pace beside me , waiting for me to speak . 
 bran 's on the other side , following a butterfly . 
 my head 's buzzing with conflicting thoughts . 
 i 'd love to learn magic from a druid-they can do so much more than priestesses . 
 but men teach boys . 
 women teach girls . 
 that 's the way it 's always been . 
 `` i would n't teach you all the spells i 'd teach a male student , '' drust says , reading my thoughts . 
 `` there are secrets not fitting for one of your gender , just as you know secrets not suitable for a man . 
 but we could work on your technique . 
 i could show you where you 're weak , help you improve and teach you some new spells , those which you deem acceptable . '' 
 `` but men ... girls ... it is n't done , '' i mutter , red-faced at the thought of sharing my spirit with a man , as i must if i allow him to become my tutor . 
 `` just because something has n't been done does n't mean it should n't be , '' drust says . 
 `` i 'd prefer a boy to work with , just as you 'd rather learn from a priestess . 
 the fact is we have only each other . 
 we can be bold and make the most of this opportunity or we can be prim and let it pass . 
 bec ? '' 
 he waits for my answer . 
 after a long , dry-mouthed moment , i nod clumsily . 
 `` i would be ... glad to learn ... from you . 
 `` good , '' he says , then rests his left fingers against my forehead . 
 `` close your eyes and think of the moon . 
 before we begin , i want to teach you how to clear your head of all the rubbish you 've let it fill with lately . 
 your mind is too much that of a human , not a priestess . '' 
 a rush . 
 a buzz . 
 tingling all over . 
 my head ... my body ... my spirit ... full of ... magic . 
 four days marching . 
 four nights spent in the open . 
 we lie down each dusk , singly or in pairs , sheltering beneath trees . 
 drust comes to each of us in turn , touches us and mutters spells . 
 we have orders not to move during the night , even if we need to empty our insides . 
 `` go where you lie if you have to , '' drust says . 
 `` just do n't leave the spot where you settle . 
 the spell will break if you do . '' 
 the first night-nothing . 
 no undead or demons . 
 i sleep fitfully , tucked up next to goll , aware of drust 's magic-the air flickering around me-wondering if it will hold . 
 the second night , a beast pieced together from several humans stumbles by . 
 it 's moaning and scratching at the earth with bone-exposed fingers . 
 starving , hungry for any kind of flesh , even that of insects . 
 it passes within four or five strides of where i 'm resting with orna . 
 we hold our breath . 
 i feel orna 's fingers slide slowly to her sword . 
 i want to whisper , `` no ! '' 
 but i 'm afraid to make any noise . 
 the undead creature stops . 
 i think it 's seen us . 
 orna hisses . 
 her hand finds the hilt of her sword . 
 her fingers tighten . 
 then a fox darts out from under a bush and pelts away from the undead beast . 
 it howls and lumbers after the animal , arms flapping up and down . 
 silence , broken after a few seconds by drust . 
 `` the only two who did n't reach for their weapons were bec and goll . 
 and goll 's asleep . '' 
 a short pause . 
 i sense his smile in the dark . 
 `` now that you 've seen my magic at work , i hope you act less rashly next time . 
 you nearly gave our hiding place away . '' 
 we sleep better after that , though at least one of us remains awake at any given time , watching out not just for the undead and the demonata-but also keeping an eye on the mysterious drust . 
 under drust 's stern eye , i begin practising magic and learn quickly , feeling my power grow . 
 but i 'm unable to make the new spells work . 
 men 's magic is different to women 's . 
 we take power from the earth , trees , the wind , sun , moon . 
 the world is charged with natural magic which we channel . 
 we 're creatures of nature , and like bees take pollen from flowers , we pluck grains of magic from the land and air around us . 
 drust 's magic is different . 
 he only reveals fragments of his secrets to me , but he seems to draw most of his power from the stars . 
 some of it from the sun and moon , but mostly from the heavens beyond . 
 `` gods are in motion up there , '' he says to me on the fourth night . 
 drust sleeps by himself , but tonight he asked me to sleep close by . 
 there are n't many clouds in the sky , so we have a good view of the stars . 
 `` demons too . 
 and the spirits of the dead . 
 they battle , toil , love-like us . 
 but their actions are greater than ours . 
 they inhabit forms hundreds or thousands of times our size . '' 
 his eyes are fixed on the stars . 
 from their light i can see the tattooed stars on his head moving slowly . 
 his expression is soft for once . 
 `` when they come here , they come in forms similar to ours , '' he continues . 
 `` this world is too small for them otherwise . 
 but up there ... '' he sighs . 
 `` male magic comes from the forces generated by the gods , the dead and the demonata . 
 we 've learnt to tap into their power , the way priestesses tap into the roots of trees or the hearts of bears . 
 but the magnitude ... the dangers ... '' he turns on his side-only slightly , so as not to break the masking spell-and trains his gaze on me . 
 `` man was n't made to share the universe with gods . 
 their ways are not meant for the humble likes of us . 
 but we 've decoded some of their secrets regardless . 
 like worms , we 've grabbed on to the talons of eagles and learnt some small truths and means of flight . 
 but we can never really fly . 
 we try , and succeed to a certain extent , but the fall is always-will always be-there . 
 to be a druid is to embrace death , dance with it a while and finally fall prey to it . 
 that is why we 'll never rule this world . 
 we have the power to bend all men to our whim , but are forever pushing ourselves further , trying to fly higher ... and falling . '' 
 a silence . 
 his gaze returns to the sky . 
 he looks troubled . 
 `` we could have crushed the christians hundreds of years ago . 
 they were weak then . 
 if we 'd been aware of the threat they posed , we 'd have bound their tongues and turned their fingers to stone so they could n't speak or write . 
 their religion would have died with them . 
 but our eyes were on the otherworld , the stars , the gods . 
 we did n't keep watch on the world around us . 
 and when we eventually lowered our heads and studied the waters closer to home , it was too late . '' 
 `` you could still stop the christians , '' i mutter quietly , hoping he wo n't punish me for disagreeing with him . 
 drust 's a harsh teacher . 
 when i make mistakes , he slaps the back of my head or stamps on my foot or lashes me with a knotted rope . 
 banba was tough too , but not as cruel as drust . 
 `` could we ? '' 
 drust sighs . 
 `` some believe it 's not too late-even as they retreat from the world of man and hide in caves or deep in forests . 
 i do n't agree . 
 our time has passed . 
 we 'll survive in some form or other , i 'm sure . 
 but we 'll never be this strong or fly so high again . '' 
 he says nothing after that , and i know better than to disturb him . 
 lying on my back , watching the stars until my lids grow heavy and close , i think about his words and try to imagine a world where druids and magic have no place . 
 and i realise , just before i fall asleep , that in such a world i would have no place either . 
 marching . 
 eyes half closed . 
 feeling power around me-power from the stars and those who drift among them . 
 trying to absorb it . 
 muttering the words of a spell which drust taught me . 
 i 'm holding a small rock . 
 if the spell works , the rock will float for a second or two . 
 i stutter on a key word and lose my place . 
 drust 's hand instantly connects with the back of my head . 
 `` concentrate ! '' 
 he snaps . 
 `` i am ! '' 
 i snap back . 
 it 's the seventh or eighth time he 's hit me in the last hour . 
 i 'm sick of it . 
 `` i ca n't do this stupid men 's magic ! 
 teach bran , why do n't you ! '' 
 bran 's head rises . 
 he 's been walking along just behind us , humming a tune . 
 `` he could n't do any worse than you , '' drust snarls , slapping me again , harder this time . 
 that 's it ! 
 my right hand comes up . 
 i 'm going to slap him back-see what he thinks ! 
 but before i can ... `` people often say i 'm too small to be a smith . '' 
 drust and i look up , startled . 
 fiachna , who was marching ahead of us , has stopped and is smiling . 
 `` this has nothing to do with you , '' drust growls . 
 `` i never said it had , '' fiachna replies . 
 `` i 'm just remarking-people often say i 'm too small to be a smith . 
 they think smiths have to be large , burly men who can swing two heavy hammers at once and bend iron with their hands . 
 and most are . 
 but they do n't need to be . 
 `` my master was a gentle man . 
 he had a bad leg . 
 he broke it when he was a child and it did n't heal properly . 
 so he never fought . 
 but he made some of the finest weapons imaginable . 
 he knew iron , how to bend it to his will and get the best out of it . 
 he 'd always talk while he worked , happily chatting away , seemingly to himself . 
 people thought he was mad but he was n't . 
 he was talking to the iron , learning from it , easing and teasing it into the shape he wanted-the shape it wanted . '' 
 `` i do n't see - '' drust begins but fiachna talks over him . 
 `` he taught me to work that way too . 
 he never beat me or shouted or lost his temper . 
 i was n't his first apprentice or his last . 
 he 'd take boys on for a while , teach them his ways , observe them , then let them go if he felt they could n't learn from him . '' 
 a short pause , then he adds , `` apologies for telling you your business but that might be the best way to teach bec . 
 unless you think she ca n't learn . '' 
 `` she can ! '' 
 drust shouts . 
 `` she has potential . 
 i can feel it . '' 
 `` then hitting her wo n't help , will it ? '' 
 fiachna says calmly . 
 `` my master always said you could n't beat a skill out of somebody . 
 they had to learn in their own way and time . 
 if you rushed them , you only delayed them . 
 you had to be firm but not cruel . 
 cruelty is a barrier and barriers slow people down . '' 
 `` my masters beat me unconscious whenever i made a mistake , '' drust says and he sounds like a bitter child . 
 `` did you learn anything while you were knocked out ? '' 
 fiachna asks . 
 drust starts to roar a retort , then stops and frowns . 
 `` hard to learn when you 're dead to the world , '' fiachna says , nodding slowly . 
 then he turns and starts walking again . 
 drust looks at me and catches my smile . 
 he scowls . 
 `` i do n't like being spoken down to by a smith , '' he huffs and my smile fades . 
 then his expression mellows . 
 `` but only a fool ignores good advice simply because it comes from an unlikely source . 
 very well , bec macconn . 
 we 've tried it my way . 
 now we 'll try it fiachna 's . 
 no more beatings for a few days . 
 if you improve , well and good . 
 if not ... '' he grins tightly . 
 `` i 'll have to whip you all the harder ! '' 
 another night in the open . 
 no trees , so we sleep in a field littered with rocks . 
 it 's been a day of disappointment on the magic front . 
 drust stopped hitting me but that 's all that changed . 
 i ca n't get the hang of this new magic . 
 it 's too different . 
 i wish drust would focus on natural magic and help me improve that way . 
 i learnt a lot from banba but my powers have grown rusty . 
 i think we should work on the type of magic i grew up with . 
 but drust is firm . 
 he says he ca n't teach me the way a priestess could , since he does n't work that way . 
 and even if he could , he would n't . 
 `` you 're no good to me the way you were ! '' 
 he snaps when i question the need to learn new spells . 
 `` i need more ! '' 
 but what for ? 
 why does he need me ? 
 what 's he grooming me to do ? 
 sleeping deeply . 
 dreaming of happier days-banba alive , no demons , safe . 
 enjoying the dream , but midway through an inner voice whispers , `` wake up . '' 
 connla 's been guarding us for the last few hours . 
 now it 's my turn to go on watch . 
 i 'm excellent at waking myself . 
 i never need to be called . 
 it was one of the first spells banba taught me . 
 a priestess has to be able to control her dreams . 
 otherwise she can cause chaos while asleep . 
 i 'm lying on my back , next to orna , cloak drawn across my body and over my head . 
 i turn slightly , careful not to break drust 's masking spell . 
 i look across to where connla is . 
 and see a demon . 
 for a second i think i 'm still dreaming , because the demon does n't appear to be attacking connla . 
 it 's crouched beside him , bent over , head close to his , as though talking . 
 and when i prick my ears i can hear it whispering . 
 a drop of rain hits me square between the eyes . 
 i blink-then snap out of my stupor . 
 leaping to my feet , i roar at the top of my voice , `` demons ! '' 
 everyone comes alive in an instant , on their feet , weapons in hands . 
 ronan notches an arrow to his bow , takes aim and ... stops as the demon turns to look at him . 
 i see ronan 's fingers quiver , his face twitch , his eyes narrow . 
 he wants to unleash the arrow but he ca n't . 
 the demon 's controlling him . 
 lorcan attacks , sword and axe a blur , screaming a challenge . 
 the demon points with a lumpy , pale red hand . 
 and lorcan stops too , not frozen in place exactly , but hovering beyond striking distance of the demon , unable to advance . 
 goll and orna are about to leap forward when drust shouts , `` no ! 
 leave him ! '' 
 the druid is sitting up . 
 his hands are joined . 
 his lips are moving quickly , gaze fixed on the demon . 
 he looks more purposeful than frightened . 
 nobody moves . 
 all eyes are pinned on the demon and the druid . 
 now that my sight has adjusted and there 's time to observe , i get a clear view of the monster . 
 it 's tall , with eight arms , roughly shaped hands , dangling strips of flesh instead of legs and feet . 
 hovering in the air , not touching the ground . 
 pale red skin , flecked with blood . 
 at first i think it 's connla 's blood-i 'm sure he 's dead - but then i notice scores of cracks in the demon 's skin , from which blood oozes , giving the lumpy flesh its unhealthy crimson tinge . 
 no hair . 
 its eyes are dark red , with a black circle at the centre of each globe . 
 no nose , just two gaping cavities in the middle of its face . 
 no heart either-just a hole in its chest filled with eel-like creatures , which slither over and under one another , hissing and spitting . 
 the demon cocks its head and smiles sadly at drust . 
 `` you are powerful , druid . 
 the girl too , if she could only learn what you teach her . '' 
 complete shock . 
 i 've never heard a demon speak like this , in words of our own . 
 it-he-has a deep , sorrowful voice . 
 not entirely human , but the words are clearly formed . 
 a demon who can speak as a human must also be able to think as a human . 
 drust 's prediction-and our worst fear-has been confirmed . 
 then the meaning of his words sink home . 
 he knows drust has been trying to teach me . 
 he knows i 've been failing . 
 that means he can either read minds or ... `` he 's been following us ! '' 
 i shriek , taking a step towards the heartless creature . 
 `` bec ! '' 
 drust hisses . 
 `` do n't get involved ! '' 
 `` but - '' `` such sadness , '' the demon murmurs . 
 `` so much pain . 
 a quest doomed to fail . 
 this land overrun by demons . 
 everybody killed . 
 and all your fault , little one . 
 your people will die because you failed them . 
 imagine the humiliation and guilt . '' 
 i tremble , not wanting to believe him . 
 but he sounds so sure of himself , so certain this is what the future holds . 
 there 's pity in his voice . 
 i get the feeling he wants to comfort me . 
 as i 'm thinking this , the demon extends two arms and nods encouragingly . 
 `` come to me , '' he whispers . 
 `` seek solace in the embrace of loving lord loss . '' 
 i move closer to him , gripped by his power and the promise of comfort . 
 the demon-lord loss-smiles and nods again . 
 this is n't right . 
 he 's making me do his bidding and nothing good can come of that . 
 but i ca n't resist . 
 i 'm filled with a sense of grief and only lord loss seems able to help . 
 then drust is by my side , talking quickly . 
 `` use magic . 
 this demon is of the otherworld , of the stars . 
 he generates power . 
 take it . 
 use it . 
 fight . '' 
 my body continues forward as though drust had n't spoken . 
 but my mind 's in a whirl . 
 i 'll die if i come within the demon 's reach . 
 he 'll suck all the life from me and toss me aside , or keep me on as a member of the undead . 
 i try using old magic spells to fight him but i ca n't move my lips to utter the words . 
 drust 's warning echoes . 
 the demon is of the stars . 
 he generates power . 
 i recall my recent lessons , the spells drust tried to teach me , how he encouraged me to draw from the stars , to channel magic from a celestial source . 
 with my mind , heart and spirit i reach out to lord loss . 
 i feel his power , his magic . 
 and i draw from it . 
 i rip it from him sharply , fiercely , filling with it , hair shooting up straight , eyes widening , arms flying out wide . 
 the demon gasps and rises a few feet higher off the ground . 
 i float too , supported by magic , drawing my power from the sky instead of the earth , becoming part of the world of the air . 
 i turn my hands palms down . 
 two large stones rise from the ground , ripping free , dripping soil and pebbles , floating upwards . 
 they stop short of my hands , which i slide behind the stones . 
 i look from hand to hand , stone to stone . 
 then at lord loss . 
 i smile-and push . 
 the stones zip towards him . 
 the demon 's arms shoot out and the stones explode into clouds of dust and tiny brittle shards . 
 everybody ducks to avoid being pierced . 
 except me and lord loss . 
 we remain motionless , supported by the air and magic , staring at each other . 
 some of the stone splinters strike the demon 's cheeks and open fresh , deep cuts . 
 he does n't look angry or surprised . 
 just sad . 
 `` such potential , '' the demon sighs . 
 `` what a waste . 
 to die so young , when you could achieve so much ... '' `` begone ! '' 
 drust roars , getting to his feet , linking his right hand with my left . 
 i fill with even more power than before . 
 i feel like i could reach up and quench the stars themselves . 
 `` go or fight ! '' 
 drust shouts . 
 `` fight ? '' 
 the demon chuckles . 
 `` i could destroy you both without even nearing my limits . '' 
 one hand starts to point at us . 
 then stops . 
 the demon lowers his arms . 
 `` but where would be the sport in that ? '' 
 he murmurs . 
 and then he turns smoothly and drifts away into the darkness of the night . 
 just when i think he 's gone , there comes a call from the shadows . 
 `` you stole from me , bec . 
 you took magic which was not yours . 
 pain will come of that . 
 and great sorrow . 
 and death . '' 
 a teasing pause , then he adds , `` it starts tomorrow . '' 
 then he really is gone , leaving behind silence , confusion ... and terror . 
 connla 's alive . 
 he rises when the demon leaves . 
 pale and shivering . 
 he says he was asleep until my shout , that he could n't move when he woke , held in place by magic . 
 drust checks to see if the demon has fed from him but can find no marks on the warrior 's flesh . 
 i 'm not interested in connla or why lord loss was whispering to him in his sleep instead of killing him . 
 i have time only for magic . 
 i 've never felt this powerful or so alive . 
 the world looks and feels completely different . 
 i can see as if it 's day . 
 the stars are brighter than a full moon , shining through the cover of the clouds , pulsing , multicoloured . 
 and they 're connected ! 
 i could n't see it until tonight but now it 's obvious . 
 the sky 's like a giant system of roots , each star linked . 
 the lines between the stars are veins of magical power . 
 the sky is alive . 
 i can draw magic from it , just as banba taught me to draw from a tree or a stag . 
 i reach out with my mind and suck in power . 
 i want it all , the whole of the sky , every bit of magic it has to offer . 
 i can be a goddess , capable of changing the world with a click of my fingers . 
 i can ... `` no , '' drust says softly . 
 i look down and see that his hands are on either side of my shoulders but not touching me . 
 his eyes are as dark as the sky is bright . 
 `` you must stop . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 i whisper , continuing to draw strength from the stars . 
 `` you wo n't be able to contain so much power . 
 your body will unravel . 
 you 'll die . '' 
 `` i can hold it together , '' i sigh . 
 `` with this much magic i can do anything . '' 
 `` no , '' he says firmly . 
 `` it will destroy you . '' 
 i do n't want to believe him . 
 i do n't want to stop . 
 but i can see the truth in his expression . 
 he 's not a jealous teacher intent on holding me back-he 's a worried ally trying to save me . 
 reluctantly i pull back and cut off the seductive flow of power from the stars . 
 the world dims around me . 
 i become human again . 
 drust 's hands close on my shoulders and he squeezes warmly . 
 `` you did well , '' he says . 
 `` i did it , '' i reply , hardly able to believe it now the moment has passed . 
 `` i made the magic work . 
 your magic . '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 he does n't let go . 
 he looks troubled . 
 `` i 've never seen someone make the leap from novice to adept so swiftly . 
 the demon said you stole magic from him . 
 the power that involved ... '' `` i did n't mean to steal , '' i say quietly . 
 `` is it a bad thing ? '' 
 drust shakes his head and smiles thinly . 
 `` no . 
 just unexpected . '' 
 he releases me . 
 `` now , let 's get everybody settled down and restore the masking spells . 
 there may be other demons nearby who might not be so willing to retreat as lord loss . '' 
 `` do you know what he was ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` why he could speak ? 
 what he meant about death and sorrow coming tomorrow ? '' 
 `` we will talk about him shortly , '' drust says . 
 `` first the spells . 
 you can help me cast them this time . 
 listen carefully , then copy what i do . '' 
 and he shows me . 
 and i try it . 
 and it works . 
 easy . 
 `` lord loss is one of the more powerful demonata , '' drust says . 
 we 're all lying close together . 
 it 's late in the night but nobody can sleep , not after what we 've so recently witnessed . 
 `` he 's a demon master . '' 
 `` you said they could n't come through yet , '' fiachna notes . 
 drust nods thoughtfully . 
 `` when the first demon master forces its way through the tunnel , it will widen . 
 there will be a flood of demons more powerful than those who roam the land now , eager to get in on the killing while there are humans left to kill . 
 they 'll be savage , unformed , monstrous . 
 we 'll know when they are here-the screams of the dying will fill the air . 
 `` i do n't think lord loss came through the tunnel , or that he crossed any time recently . 
 he could speak our language . 
 even the powerful demon masters can not do that without much practice . 
 i believe he has been here for many years , walking among us . '' 
 `` how ? '' 
 orna gasps . 
 `` the demons only started coming last year . '' 
 `` no , '' drust says . 
 `` some came before that . 
 there are ways for humans to summon them . 
 they can never stay for long . 
 they usually kill recklessly , then slip back to their own foul realm . 
 but this one seems at home here ... '' he falls silent , then says , `` much of our knowledge of the demonata comes from the old creatures . 
 they walked the land once . 
 this was their world . 
 they instructed the early druids , told them about demons , taught them how to fight . 
 but they did not teach us all that they knew . 
 perhaps they could n't , since they were gods and we were only humans . 
 `` as far as i was aware , demons could not roam this world freely unless a tunnel was open . 
 that is what the old creatures taught us , and we have seen evidence of that in the many centuries since they withdrew from our company . 
 but i see now that there are exceptions to that rule . 
 lord loss must be one of them . '' 
 `` are you sure he was a demon ? '' 
 goll asks . 
 `` he looked more like a fomorii to me , judging by the old legends . '' 
 `` he was definitely a demonata , '' drust says . 
 `` but he is different to most . 
 the majority revel in bloodshed . 
 the masters are like the weaker demons which you 've seen-crude and wild , interested only in slaughter . 
 lord loss appears to be more cultured . 
 cruel rather than brute . 
 he could have killed us but he did n't . 
 instead he spoke of sport and future suffering . 
 he - '' `` the stones ! '' 
 i blurt out . 
 i 'd been thinking about him trailing us by day , moving among us at night , when an image clicked into place . 
 `` i saw him at the ring ! '' 
 when the others look blank , i tell them about the demon i saw when we were trapped within the circle of magical stones . 
 `` there was one who did n't pay attention to bran when he was running around and dancing . 
 he was by himself , floating in the air , watching the rest of us . 
 it was lord loss . 
 he 's been following us since then . '' 
 `` but why ? '' 
 orna asks . 
 `` sport , '' drust replies , face dark with worry . 
 `` i think this demon is as vicious as any of the others , but he feasts on the agony of humans instead of their blood . 
 sorrow excites him . 
 he must have sensed the promise of pain when he saw you and has been following ever since , waiting for the misery to start . '' 
 `` then it will be a long wait ! '' 
 goll huffs . 
 `` i wo n't be played by a demon . 
 now that we know he 's here , we can fight him . '' 
 we march at the same pace as before , but anxiously now , aware of the demon 's warning that death would strike today . 
 we 're tense , prone to snap at the slightest irritation . 
 when connla passes a simple insult about goll 's blind eye late in the morning , goll responds by criticising connla for falling asleep while on watch . 
 the pair almost come to blows and have to be separated by the rest of us . 
 ronan and lorcan are the calmest . 
 the brothers have little fear of death . 
 this is just part of the big adventure for them . 
 i think they 're half-hoping we are attacked , so they can kill more demons . 
 my lessons continue throughout the day . 
 i was afraid the magic would desert me when the sun rose , that i would n't be able to draw upon the power of the stars . 
 but drust teaches me to ignore the state of the sky and draw from it regardless of whether it 's day or night . 
 `` the stars hide but are always there , '' he says . 
 `` we 're weaker in the day but not as weak as demons . 
 most of them ca n't draw from the stars at all while the sun shines , but we can . '' 
 since i made the breakthrough , i 've come on like a child who 's taken her first step and is now toddling everywhere at high speed . 
 i find it easy to move objects-stones , branches , even bran . 
 i make him rise while we 're resting , move him a few strides across in the air and set him down without him even noticing . 
 that tires me but it does n't exhaust me and i recover quickly . 
 drust says i 'm one of the strongest at doing this that he 's ever seen . 
 i ask if there 's a limit to what i can lift and move . 
 he says there are always limits but he has no idea what mine might be . 
 i suggest trying to uproot a tree but he says it 's too soon for so ambitious a test . 
 i 'm not as accomplished in other areas . 
 i learn how to create fire and hold it in my hands , either as a torch or to use as a weapon . 
 but my flames are pitiful flickerings , nothing like drust 's solid columns , and they singe my fingers . 
 i develop protective spells , like the one we use to mask ourselves at night . 
 but these are more complicated , designed to shield me from physical assault . 
 if they work correctly , a demon wo n't be able to harm me with its claws or teeth , only with magic . 
 there are spells to protect me from magic too , but they 're even harder to learn . 
 i make a small amount of headway with both sets of spells . 
 drust is pleased with my progress , but it 's tough work and leaves me feeling drained and grumpy . 
 `` what about spells of attack ? '' 
 i ask in the afternoon , thinking of the night ahead , worrying about the dangers we 'll face . 
 `` survival is our only concern right now , '' drust says , then looks around . 
 we 're not close to any of the others , except bran , who walks behind me like a faithful hound . 
 drust lowers his voice . 
 `` you must think only of your own well being if we 're attacked . 
 do n't put yourself in danger , even to save another . 
 i need you , bec . 
 your people need you too . 
 do n't waste your life trying to save someone who is n't important . '' 
 `` you do n't want me to fight ? '' 
 i ask archly . 
 `` you want me to stand by and let my friends die ? '' 
 `` if you have to , '' he says . 
 `` i ca n't . 
 i wo n't . 
 not unless you tell me what you want me for . '' 
 drust shrugs . 
 `` i 'm offering you good advice . 
 ignore it if you wish . 
 now , let 's work on a different type of spell . 
 this one gives you the appearance of a giant . 
 it will frighten off certain demons . '' 
 and he says no more about why i 'm so important to him or why he wants to keep me alive when he 's happy to stand by and accept the slaughter of everybody else . 
 lessons cease a couple of hours before sunset , to give myself and drust time to recharge and prepare for any battles we might find ourselves involved in . 
 i spend the time until dark wondering what lord loss will throw at us . 
 hordes of demons ? 
 an army of the undead ? 
 maybe they 'll burrow at us from beneath the earth or drop on us from the sky . 
 how powerful is the demon master ? 
 drust does n't know . 
 there 's no way of telling , not until we 've studied the heartless beast in action . 
 the others are nervous too , even ronan and lorcan now that night is almost upon us . 
 they 're not afraid of death but of being taken by surprise and dying in disgrace . 
 oddly enough , connla seems the most assured . 
 he was edgy earlier but now walks cockily , urging us on , telling us not to worry . 
 he 's acting like a king , which is n't unusual , but he 's doing it in the face of danger , which is strange . 
 maybe he 's finally growing into the leader his father always wanted him to be . 
 half an hour before sunset , drust halts on top of a hill and says , `` here . '' 
 goll looks around . 
 `` are you sure ? 
 we can be seen from all directions . '' 
 `` if lord loss plans to guide demons to us , he 'll find us no matter where we are , '' drust responds . 
 `` at least up here we can see them coming . 
 and the exposure is good for bec and me . 
 we can draw strength from the stars easier at this height . '' 
 as the others make camp i ask drust if that was true or if he was just saying it to give goll confidence . 
 `` it 's true , '' he says . 
 `` high places , with no trees , are ideal for magicians who absorb power from the heavens . '' 
 `` but wo n't this place favour the demons too ? '' 
 i ask . 
 drust shrugs . 
 `` best not to think about that . '' 
 when everyone 's ready , drust and i cast masking spells . 
 the spells wo n't count for much if lord loss reveals our position to other demons , but they 'll protect us if strays wander by . 
 time passes . 
 it rains heavily , then eases , though the sky remains clogged with clouds . 
 nobody speaks . 
 i realise after a few hours how hungry i am . 
 we were so concerned with finding a good spot for the night that we never thought to hunt or pick berries . 
 oh well , too late now . 
 i 'll just have to wait for morning-and hope i 'm not eaten before then . 
 midnight . 
 you can always tell , even when the moon and stars are blocked out . 
 i want nothing more than to curl up and sleep . 
 it 's been a long day , coming on the back of a sleepless night . 
 hunger adds to my tiredness . 
 but i dare not shut my eyes . 
 there 's no telling how swift the demons will be if-when-they attack . 
 seconds of grogginess could spell the difference between life and death . 
 later . 
 a few hours shy of dawn . 
 i 've been dozing , despite my desire to remain awake . 
 halfway between the worlds of dreams and flesh . 
 a dangerous state , open to the threat of both realms . 
 banba always told me to sleep or stay awake , never hover betwixt the two . 
 a cry in the darkness jolts me out of my half-sleep . 
 it sounds like a child but it ca n't be-we passed no villages earlier , and no child would dare wander the world by night , not in these troubled times . 
 i look around . 
 everyone 's awake . 
 all eyes are focused on the spot from where the sound came . 
 ronan 's bow is aimed , an arrow ready to fly at its target the moment he sights one . 
 `` do n't move , '' drust whispers , just loud enough for all to hear . 
 `` the spells are still intact . 
 this might be nothing to do with - '' `` motherrrrrr ... '' comes a cry , clearer this time . 
 a girl 's voice . 
 full of pain and grief . 
 `` help us ... motherrrr ... '' a different voice , this time a boy . 
 `` so cold ... motherrrr ... '' a third child , also a boy . 
 he sounds younger than the other two . 
 `` what is that ? '' 
 lorcan asks , nervously tugging at his earrings . 
 `` i 'm not sure , '' drust answers . 
 `` only demon masters can mimic human voices . 
 and the undead do n't retain the power of speech . 
 perhaps lord loss is manipulating a lesser demon . '' 
 `` motherrrr ... hold ussssssss ... '' the girl again . 
 her voice sends shivers down the back of my neck . 
 i want to run to her and wrap my arms around her , even knowing she ca n't be human . 
 she sounds young , scared , lost . 
 `` i do n't like this , '' goll mutters , his eye darting left and right , trying to pick out figures in the darkness . 
 `` they might be real children , '' fiachna says . 
 `` the demon could be using them to trap us . '' 
 `` no , '' orna says , and there 's a tremble to her voice . 
 `` they ... i. . . '' 
 `` motherrrr ! '' 
 the elder boy cries , as if in response to orna 's voice . 
 orna stands . 
 `` no ! '' 
 drust barks , but she ignores him and takes a step forward , hands clasped over her breasts , face torn between terror and delight . 
 something moves in the shadows . 
 three shapes advance . 
 drust curses , then creates a ball of fire and sends it floating down the hill , to illuminate the creatures . 
 three children are revealed , stumbling forward . 
 undead . 
 their bodies are in good condition , most of the limbs are attached , the flesh is n't ripped to pieces , heads on necks . 
 but they 're definitely not living children . 
 they move sluggishly and one boy 's missing an eye , the other both its ears , the girl some fingers . 
 `` my children , '' orna croaks , and although i was cold with fear already , now i turn to ice . 
 orna takes a second step down the hill . 
 `` orna ! '' 
 goll hisses . 
 `` stop ! 
 they 're not your children ! 
 it 's a trick ! '' 
 `` but they are , '' orna says . 
 tears are flowing down her cheeks , a warrior no longer , all woman now-all mother . 
 `` it 's a glamour , '' drust says softly . 
 `` they 're probably the bodies of other children disguised to look like yours . '' 
 `` no , '' orna says . 
 `` i 'd know my young loves anywhere . '' 
 `` cold ... motherrrr ... '' the youngest boy moans . 
 `` lonely ... motherrrr ... '' the girl wails . 
 orna takes a third step . 
 `` they 'll kill you , '' fiachna says . 
 he gets up , breaking his masking spell . 
 moves towards her , hands outspread . 
 `` if you go to them , they 'll slaughter you , like the demons slaughtered them . 
 it does n't matter if they were your children . 
 they 're the demonata 's now . 
 they 're lord loss 's . '' 
 he shouts , scaring us all , `` you 're out there , are n't you , demon lord ? 
 watching this and grinning , aye ? '' 
 no answer , except more cries from the undead children . 
 fiachna closes on orna and reaches for her , to lead her back to safety . 
 before his fingers touch her , she leaps away from him and draws a knife . 
 `` stay back ! '' 
 she snarls . 
 fiachna blinks and lowers his hands . 
 orna looks at the smith pitifully . 
 `` they 're my children , '' she whimpers . 
 `` i ca n't leave them . 
 they 're calling me . '' 
 `` motherrrr ! '' 
 all three wail at the same time . 
 `` this is madness , '' goll says , stepping up beside fiachna . 
 orna points her knife at him . 
 goll glares at her with disgust-but with sympathy too . 
 `` put your weapon away and come to us . 
 you 'll see the folly of this in the morning . '' 
 `` but they 're my - '' `` no ! '' 
 goll shouts . 
 `` they 're nothing except walking lumps of rotting flesh ! 
 look at them , woman ! 
 look with your eyes and brain , not your heart . 
 your children are dead . 
 accept that . 
 let this vision pass . '' 
 `` but what if ... maybe they could ... '' orna 's shoulders slump . 
 tears fall more freely . 
 fiachna moves towards her again . 
 goll stops him and shakes his head-wait . 
 `` can we lift the spell ? '' 
 i ask drust . 
 `` remove the glamour so she can see them as they really are ? '' 
 `` no , '' drust says shortly . 
 `` she 's seeing with her heart now , not her eyes . 
 no magic i know can combat a self-powered spell like that . '' 
 `` i could shoot one of them with an arrow , '' ronan says , squinting as he takes careful aim . 
 orna growls like a wild animal . 
 `` you 'll die on that spot if you do ! '' 
 `` let her go , '' connla laughs cruelly . 
 `` if she 's so desperate to mother demons , who are we to stop her ? '' 
 `` bricriu ! '' 
 goll roars , the foul curse for a meddler . 
 connla only smiles . 
 `` please , orna , '' i mutter , trying another approach . 
 `` i need you . 
 you 're like a mother to me . 
 let me be your daughter . 
 i could n't bear it if you left . '' 
 orna 's eyes soften and she smiles . 
 `` you 're a good girl , bec . 
 and i love you , almost as much as i loved ... love my little lost ones . '' 
 she shakes her head ever so slightly . 
 `` but you 're not mine . 
 they are . 
 and they 're calling me . '' 
 `` but - '' i get no further . 
 in an instant , taking us all by surprise , she leaps away and is racing down the hill towards the three undead children , who raise their arms and croon with delight . 
 fiachna starts after her but goll trips him . 
 as he rises angrily , turning on goll , the old warrior sticks his hands out , palms upwards , the sign for peace , then says softly , `` macha help her . '' 
 the fury fades from fiachna and he turns to watch , along with the rest of us . 
 `` you should have let me go , '' he murmurs . 
 `` i might have caught her . '' 
 `` no , '' goll replies . 
 `` she was too far ahead and too desperate . '' 
 orna reaches the children and stops . 
 i expect them to attack but they just stand there , staring at her , arms outstretched , waiting for her to hug them . 
 for a moment i wonder if we were mistaken , if these are her children and mean her no harm . 
 but then drust nudges me and points to the right , further down the hill . 
 i spot the outline of lord loss , inhuman eyes fixed on the woman and children , wicked smile visible even from here . 
 ronan fires an arrow at the demon master , then another , but both stop short of their target , as though they 've struck an invisible wall . 
 lord loss does n't even glance in our direction . 
 orna kneels , extends her arms and draws the children in close . 
 i see their faces , alight with evil glee . 
 the eldest boy gently , lovingly brushes the soft flesh of her neck-then sinks his teeth into it . 
 orna stiffens but does n't cry out . 
 the girl latches on to the warrior 's upper arm , chewing at it like a dog with a bone . 
 the youngest boy 's head sinks beneath orna 's shoulders . 
 he rips her tunic open . 
 i ca n't see from here , but i know he 's suckling , drawing blood instead of milk . 
 orna 's arms tighten around the children , hugging them closer . 
 she hums a tune women sing to send their young to sleep . 
 i gasp with horror when i hear that and turn away from the awful sight of the undead boys and girl feasting on the living flesh of their mother . 
 fiachna squats beside me and grabs me tight , letting me bury my face in his chest . 
 `` there there , little one , '' he coos . 
 `` she 's happy . 
 she thinks she 's back with her children . 
 we should all be lucky to die so willingly . '' 
 `` but they 're not ! '' 
 i cry . 
 `` they 're not her - '' `` i know , '' he whispers , stroking the back of my head . 
 `` but she thinks they are . 
 that 's all that matters . '' 
 although i 've turned my back on the carnage , i ca n't block out the sounds of ripping flesh and the occasional painful hiss from orna or moan of satisfaction from the undead beasts . 
 even when i cover my ears with my hands , i hear them , or imagine i do . 
 after a while the others turn away from the sickening sight , one by one , ashen-faced , eyes filled with regret , stomachs turning . 
 even cruel connla , who gave up on her before anybody else . 
 the only one who does n't turn away is bran . 
 the boy remains sitting where he awoke , watching silently , head tilted to one side , frowning curiously , as if he 's not entirely sure what 's happening and is waiting to see if this is a game with an unexpected , amusing finale . 
 we leave first thing in the morning , pausing only for drust to set orna 's remains aflame , so she ca n't return to life as one of the undead . 
 often demons take the bodies of their victims with them . 
 i think lord loss made the children leave orna so her bones and last few scraps of flesh could further unnerve us . 
 we march in silence , all thoughts on orna and how she went willingly to her monstrous death . 
 is her spirit with her children now in the otherworld or is it doomed to wander this land for all time , lost and damned ? 
 even drust is sombre , leaving the lessons for later , proof that in spite of his stern appearance , he too is human , with the same emotions as the rest of us . 
 the ground has been getting rockier the further west we proceed . 
 fewer trees , no fields of crops , not many animals , no raths or crannogs . 
 but people live here , or did at one time , since there are remains of many dolmens and wedge tombs . 
 most of the dolmens have been knocked over , the stones scattered , the bones they housed burnt to ash . 
 and the seals of the wedge tombs have been broken , either by demons or humans . 
 if we were to go into the tombs , we 'd find charred ash or the sleeping undead . 
 i do n't think any of the dead in this land lie whole and in peace any more . 
 in the afternoon we come to a small village of beehive-shaped stone huts . 
 it 's an old settlement , with only a crumbling short wall surrounding the perimeter . 
 the huts are in poor condition , some fallen in on themselves . 
 at first i think it 's a ghost village , all the people dead or fled . 
 but then i spot smoke coming from a few of the huts and hear a woman shouting at a child . 
 we look around at each other , surprised to find life in such a hostile , vulnerable environment . 
 `` humans or demons ? '' 
 fiachna asks . 
 `` i 'm not sure . '' 
 drust sniffs the air . 
 `` there 's a scent of something inhuman , but ... '' he smells the air again , eyes narrow slits . 
 `` there are humans too . 
 peculiar . '' 
 `` should we avoid it ? '' 
 goll asks . 
 drust thinks a while , then shakes his head . 
 `` we need to rest . 
 we 've had little sleep recently . 
 we must seek shelter . '' 
 `` but if there are demons ... '' goll mutters . 
 drust glances up at the sky . 
 `` it 's a long time until sunset . 
 we should be safe . 
 and i 'm curious . 
 i want to know what these people are doing here-and how they 've avoided being butchered by the demonata . '' 
 there 's a narrow gateway into the village but we climb over the wall in case the entrance is set with traps . 
 there are animals within , scraggly sheep and goats . 
 they scatter when they see us , bleating loudly . 
 a boy sticks his head out of a hut , a sling in one hand . 
 he starts to shout-he thinks some animal has entered the village and scared the sheep and goats . 
 then he sees us and his shout changes from one of anger to one of alarm . 
 `` strangers ! '' 
 within seconds two men , three women and three children-two girls and the boy-are in front of the huts , spears and crude swords to hand , facing us . 
 we hold our ground , weapons raised defensively . 
 then goll gives the order for us to lower our arms . 
 he steps forward , right hand held palm up , and shouts a greeting . 
 one of the men meets goll halfway , face creased with suspicion , eyeing us beadily . 
 the pair have a quick , hushed conversation . 
 at the end , goll turns and nods us forward , while the man returns to his place among the others . 
 when we 're all together , goll makes our introductions . 
 the man who met him then tells us they 're the macgrigor . 
 his name is torin . 
 the other man 's ert . 
 the women are aideen , dara and fand . 
 we are n't told the names of the children . 
 `` they 're on a quest , '' torin says . 
 he 's a short , muscular man , dark skinned . 
 `` they want to stop the demons . '' 
 one of the women-fand-laughs . 
 `` just the eight of them ? '' 
 `` one is all it takes , '' drust responds . 
 `` we do n't have much respect for druids here , '' ert says , spitting into the dirt at drust 's feet . 
 `` your kind are n't as powerful as you pretend to be . 
 we had dealings with your lot before and they failed us . '' 
 `` failed you in what way ? '' 
 drust asks with cold politeness . 
 `` we 'll talk of that later , '' torin says , frowning at ert . 
 `` for now you 're welcome . 
 we wo n't turn you away . 
 however , we ca n't feed you , so if you want to eat , you 'll have to hunt . '' 
 he squints at the sun . 
 `` i would n't wait too long . '' 
 the woman called aideen points to a pair of huts near the wall , both in poor condition . 
 `` you can stay there , '' she says . 
 `` you 'll be safe if you do n't wander . '' 
 `` we 'll call for you later , '' the third woman-dara-adds . 
 `` thank you , '' i mutter when the men do n't respond . 
 `` our pleasure , '' aideen replies . 
 she starts to turn away , then stops and stares at me . 
 `` girl , '' she commands , `` come here . '' 
 i step forward cautiously . 
 aideen reaches for me sharply and i draw back from her cracked nails , readying myself to bark a spell . 
 she spreads her fingers to show she means no harm , then smiles crookedly . 
 i stand still while she cups my chin and tilts my head back . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 torin asks . 
 `` her face ... '' aideen murmurs , turning my chin towards torin . 
 the man frowns . 
 `` she looks like ... but she ca n't ... girl ! 
 what 's your name ? 
 where are you from ? '' 
 `` bec , '' i tell him . 
 `` i 'm from the rath of the macconn . '' 
 `` are you of them ? '' 
 torin asks . 
 `` is your mother of the clan ? '' 
 `` my mother 's dead , '' i answer softly . 
 `` nobody knows who she was or where she came from . 
 she died not long after i was born . '' 
 `` aednat 's child ! '' 
 aideen gasps , her fingers tightening on my chin . 
 `` she must be ! '' 
 i tingle with shock when she says that . 
 the face of my mother forms quickly in my mind and for the first time ever i have a name to go with it . 
 `` you knew my mother ! '' 
 i cry . 
 `` she was my sister , '' aideen croaks . 
 `` then this is where i 'm from ? 
 this was where my mother lived ? '' 
 when aideen nods wonderingly my head spins and my heart leaps . 
 `` why did she leave ? '' 
 i yell . 
 `` what happened ? 
 who was my father ? 
 is he still alive ? 
 do you - '' `` enough ! '' 
 torin interrupts . 
 he 's glaring at me-the news that i 'm of his people has n't pleased him . 
 `` we must think on this . 
 we 'll talk about it tonight . '' 
 then he heads back inside the large stone hut , waving at the others to follow , leaving us to stare at one another uncertainly and make our way to the smaller huts to set up camp for the night . 
 my head 's still spinning . 
 i 'd almost forgotten about the spirit of my mother beckoning me west , and the notion that maybe she wanted to help me unlock the secrets of my past . 
 inside i never really believed i 'd discover the truth about my family-it was a childish dream . 
 yet here i am , in the most unlikely of places , suddenly confronted with her name and the promise of my history . 
 aednat . 
 as soon as aideen said it i knew it was my mother . 
 maybe it 's the magic that makes me sure , but i think i would have known even if it had happened before my new power blossomed . 
 but her name is all i know . 
 who was she ? 
 why did she live in this wilderness with the others ? 
 and why leave her family to bear me in loneliness and die so far from home ? 
 i want to ask the questions now , find out the answers immediately . 
 i want to rush to the large hut and demand the truth from aideen and torin . 
 but this is their home , meagre as it is , and it would be disrespectful to speak out of turn . 
 if their wish is for me to wait , then wait i must-no matter how frustrating that is . 
 ronan and lorcan hunt for food in the hours before sunset . 
 game is scarce in this rocky wilderness but the twins return with two hares , a crow and a cub fox . 
 fiachna , bran and i pick berries and wild roots while they 're gone . 
 it makes for a fine meal . 
 there 's even some left over , which we offer to fand when she comes to fetch us shortly after sunset . 
 `` we have our own food , '' she says curtly . 
 as we 're walking to the largest building , there 's a ferocious howl from one of the huts in poor repair . 
 the warriors in our group draw their weapons immediately but fand waves away their concerns . 
 `` it 's nothing , '' she says . 
 `` that was a demon , '' goll growls , not lowering his sword . 
 `` no , '' fand says . 
 `` it was my brother . '' 
 we stare at her with disbelief . 
 she sighs , then strides towards the hut where the howl came from . 
 we follow cautiously . 
 at the entrance , fand crouches and points within . 
 we bend down beside her . 
 dim evening light shines through holes in the roof . 
 in the weak glow we see an animal tied by a short length of rope to a rock in the middle of the hut . 
 it 's human-shaped but covered in long thick hair , with claws and dark yellow eyes . 
 it snarls when it sees us and tries to attack , but is held back by the rope . 
 `` that 's your brother ? '' 
 goll asks suspiciously . 
 `` his name is-was-fintan , '' fand says . 
 `` what happened to him ? '' 
 i ask , staring uncomfortably at the yellow eyes . 
 disfigured as they are , they look disturbingly similar to mine . 
 `` is he undead ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 fand stands . 
 `` we 'll tell you in the main hut . 
 come . '' 
 when we hesitate , she manages a thin smile . 
 `` do n't worry . 
 you 're safe here . 
 fintan and the others are tied up tight . '' 
 `` there are more like this ? '' 
 ronan says . 
 `` four . '' 
 fand pauses and her expression darkens . 
 `` for now . '' 
 she goes to the largest hut and ducks inside . 
 one last glance at the creature chained to the rock-it looks like a cross between a wolf and a man-then we follow , gripping our weapons tight , watching the shadows for any sign of other , unchained beasts . 
 it 's crowded inside the hut , with all five adults , the three children we saw earlier , two younger kids-one just a babe-and us . 
 the macgrigor are poorly dressed-most of the children are naked-and scrawny . 
 dirty hair , rough tattoos , cracked nails , bloodshot eyes . 
 `` they 've seen fintan , '' fand says when we 're seated , after a few seconds of uneasy silence . 
 `` good , '' torin grunts . 
 `` that saves some time . '' 
 he collects his thoughts , glances at me , then tells us their sorry tale-my tale . 
 several generations ago their ancestors bred with the fomorii . 
 they thought the semi-demons were going to conquer this land and threw in their lot with them . 
 when the fomorii were defeated , the macgrigor were hunted down and executed as traitors . 
 but some survived and went into hiding . 
 `` though if they 'd known what was to come next , i think they 'd have stayed and accepted death , '' torin says bitterly . 
 some of the children of the human-fomorii couplings were born deformed and demonic , and were immediately put to death . 
 but most were human in appearance . 
 these lived and grew , and for many years all was well . 
 `` then the changes began , '' torin sighs . 
 `` when children came of a certain age-usually on the cusp of adulthood-some transformed . 
 it always happened around the time of a full moon . 
 their bodies twisted . 
 hair sprouted . 
 their teeth lengthened into fangs , their nails into claws . 
 the change developed and worsened over three or four moons . 
 by the end , they were wild , inhuman beasts , incapable of speech or recognition . 
 killers if left to wander free . '' 
 the affected children were slain , while the others grew and had children of their own . 
 they thought they were safe , that they 'd survived the curse-but they were wrong . 
 some of the children of the survivors changed too , and their grandchildren , and those who came after . 
 `` it strikes at random , '' torin says . 
 `` sometimes four of five children of any generation will change , sometimes only two . 
 but always a few . 
 there 's never been a generation where none of the children turned . '' 
 the family sought the help of priestesses and druids in later years , when their treachery had been forgotten and they were free to live among normal folk again . 
 but no magician could lift the curse . 
 so they struggled on , moving from one place to another whenever their dark secret was discovered , living as far away from other clans as possible , sometimes killing their beastly young , other times - as here-allowing them to live , in the hope they might one day change back or be cured by a powerful druid . 
 `` it 's no sort of life , '' torin mutters , eyes distant , `` waiting for our children to turn . 
 having to feed those who 've fallen foul of the curse and look upon them as they are , remembering them as they were . 
 i 'd rather kill the poor beasts , but ... '' he glances at fand , who glowers at him . 
 `` and bec ? '' 
 fiachna asks , sensing my impatience , speaking on my behalf . 
 `` her mother was of your clan ? '' 
 `` if her mother was aednat , aye , '' torin says . 
 he looks at me and again his face is dark . 
 `` aednat had six children . 
 all turned . 
 when she fell pregnant for the seventh time , years after she and her husband , struan , had agreed not to try again , struan was furious . 
 he could n't bear the thought of bringing another child into the world and rearing it , only to have to kill it when it fell prey to the ravages of the moon . 
 `` aednat argued to keep the child . 
 she thought she might be lucky this time , that the gods would never curse her seven times in a row . 
 she was old , at an age when most women can no longer conceive . 
 she thought it was a sign that this child was blessed , that it would be safe . 
 struan did n't agree . 
 neither did the rest of us . '' 
 `` some did ! '' 
 aideen interrupts bitterly , but says no more when torin glares at her warningly . 
 `` we decided to kill the child in the womb , '' torin continues gruffly . 
 `` that was struan 's wish and we believed it was the right thing to do . 
 struan took aednat off into the wilds , to do the deed in private . 
 but none of us knew how much aednat wanted the baby . 
 she fought with struan when they were alone . 
 stabbed him . 
 i do n't think she meant to kill him , but - '' `` my mother killed my father ? '' 
 i almost scream . 
 `` aye , '' torin says , burning me with his stare . 
 `` she probably only intended to wound him , but she cut too deeply . 
 he died and she fled . 
 by the time we discovered his body , she was far away . 
 we followed for a time , to avenge struan 's murder , but lost her trail after a couple of days . 
 we prayed for her death when we returned . 
 i 'm pleased to hear our prayers were answered . '' 
 i rear myself back to curse him for saying such a mean thing , but fiachna grabs my left arm and squeezes hard , warning me to be silent . 
 `` of course the girl 's not our business now , '' torin says heavily . 
 `` she 's of your clan , not ours , so we ca n't tell you what to do with her . 
 but she 's a cursed child , from a line of cursed children , and the spawn of a killer . 
 she 's at the age when the moon usually works its wicked charms . 
 if you let her live , the chances are strong that she 'll change into a beast like fintan . 
 if you want my advice - '' `` we do n't , '' goll snaps . 
 `` as you wish , '' torin concedes . 
 `` but when the moon is full , be wary of her . '' 
 he falls silent . 
 i 'm panting hard , as if i 'd been running , thinking of the kind , weary face of my mother , trying to picture her killing my father . 
 then i recall the boy-beast in the hut and imagine myself in his position . 
 i wish now that the past had remained a secret ! 
 `` what about the demons ? '' 
 drust asks , maybe to change the subject to stop me brooding , or maybe because he has no interest in my history or torin 's grim prediction . 
 `` do n't they ever attack ? '' 
 `` no , '' torin says . 
 `` even though you 're poorly defended and they could butcher you any time they pleased ? '' 
 torin shrugs . 
 `` there were other families living near here . 
 they 'd been forced out of their tuatha for various reasons and settled in this wasteland . 
 the demons killed them last year . 
 we 've seen the monsters pass from time to time and they 've seen us . 
 but they leave us alone . '' 
 drust nods . 
 `` then it was n't a fomorii your ancestors bred with . 
 it was a true demon . 
 some of the demonata fought alongside the fomorii . 
 many demons do n't attack their own , especially if there are pure humans to kill . 
 you 're kin to them , so they spare you-for now at least . '' 
 `` we 've heard talk of the demonata before , '' torin says . 
 `` other druids-those we went to for help-spoke of them . 
 they told us the curse was demonic and that was why they could n't help . '' 
 he leans forward . 
 `` i do n't suppose you know any way to ... ? '' 
 he leaves the question hanging . 
 drust thinks about it a while , then says , `` a demon master might be able to lift the curse . 
 but i know of no human-druid , priestess or any other-who has the power to remove such a blood stain . '' 
 `` you mean the demons could cure us ? '' 
 fand says sharply . 
 `` one of the more powerful masters , perhaps , '' drust says . 
 `` do you know where we can find one ? '' 
 drust starts to respond , to tell them about lord loss . 
 then he stops and shakes his head . 
 `` the demon masters have not broken through to this world yet . 
 when and if they do , they will be easy to locate . 
 but i doubt if you will be able to convince them to help-by nature they are not inclined to be merciful . '' 
 we stay talking a while longer . 
 i ask questions about my mother and father , what they were like , how they spoke and lived . 
 but torin ignores my queries and speaks sharply whenever aideen or fand tries to answer , changing the conversation . 
 i consider using magic on him , to make him tell me what i want to know , but drust reads my thoughts and growls in my ear , `` this is neither the time nor place for magic . 
 control yourself . '' 
 when the macgrigor have told us some more of their sad history and how they eke out a living here , drust speaks of our quest , of the tunnel which has opened between the demon world and this , and his plan to close it . 
 but he says nothing of how he hopes to pinpoint its location or why he 's leading us to the western coast-the end of the world . 
 when it 's time to sleep , we return to the two stone huts set aside for us and make ourselves comfortable . 
 it 's been both a revealing and frustrating night for me-i 've learnt some of my history but not all . 
 there 's so much more torin and the others could tell me , but torin hates my mother for betraying the clan , killing her husband and deserting them . 
 and , since she 's no longer here for him to hate , he hates me in her place . 
 he 'll never tell me about her or allow the others to . 
 before i lie down , i remember the conversation after the revelations about my past and ask drust why he did n't tell torin about lord loss . 
 `` if they could find him , they might be able to persuade him to help , '' i note-figuring , if i could play a part in curing them of their curse , they 'd surely tell me more about my parents . 
 `` aye , '' drust says archly . 
 `` but all we know about lord loss is that he likes to follow us around . 
 if we told them that , they might try to hold us here , to use as bait . '' 
 `` but there are more of us than them , '' i point out . 
 `` we 're stronger and better armed . 
 you and i have magical powers . 
 they could n't force us to stay . '' 
 `` probably not , '' drust says . 
 `` but it 's safer not to take the risk . 
 this way , they have no need to delay us and no conflict can come of it . 
 the macgrigor-or their descendants-will have to track down and petition a demon master another time . '' 
 i spend a few tortured hours thinking about my parents , aednat and struan , and the tragedy which separated them and brought me into the world . 
 torin called me a cursed child and he was right . 
 i 'm doubly cursed . 
 the curse of my clan and the curse of being a killer 's daughter . 
 surely , of all the current macgrigor crop , i must be the most likely to turn into a monster . 
 i worry about it for hours , imagining what it would be like to lose control of my mind , feel my body change , become a beast like the one i saw earlier . 
 i thought death was the worst thing i had to fear but now i know better . 
 with worries like these , i doubt i 'll ever be able to sleep again . 
 but eventually tiredness overcomes even my gravest fears and i drift off into a fitful sleep , one filled with dreams of wolf-girls and dead children . 
 i awake late in the morning . 
 the others are already up but most have only risen within the last hour so i do n't feel too guilty for sleeping in . 
 i expect them to treat me differently now they know the truth of my background and the threat of what i might become . 
 but it quickly becomes clear that they think of me no differently than they did yesterday . 
 i suppose there 's too much else to worry about . 
 after all , what 's one potential half-demon when judged against the hordes of genuine , fully-formed demonata we might yet have to face ? 
 ronan and lorcan have caught another hare , which fiachna roasts on a spit . 
 along with the leftovers from the night before it provides us with a filling meal to start the day . 
 again we offer to share it with the macgrigor , but again they refuse . 
 they have too much pride to eat from another 's fire . 
 when we 're finished , they point us in the easiest direction to the coast , then wave us off . 
 aideen looks like she wants to wish me well but she dare not speak kindly to me in front of the glowering torin . 
 i wish i could stay here and work on torin , earn his respect and love . 
 but even if he was n't so hostile to me , i 'm part of a quest , and although it 's shrouded in secrecy and i 'm deeply suspicious of drust 's reasons for helping us , it would be wrong to quit now . 
 perhaps , if i survive , i can return and seek a place here in my true home-even if it 's only so that they can chain me up with others of my kind if my body starts to change . 
 one of the wretched wolf-humans is howling madly as we leave , as if it senses a kindred spirit and is singing to the beast i might one day become . 
 i think about the macgrigor-my family-as we set off , wondering what will happen if we fail and the demonata overrun the land . 
 will these poor excuses for humans be all that remain of our people ? 
 will they alone be spared , kept alive because of their poisoned blood , the only human faces in a land of twisted demons ? 
 my lessons resume as we march . 
 i practise the spells which drust has already taught me and learn some new ones , like - how to hold my breath for ten minutes . 
 how to make my fingers so cold that anything i touch turns to ice . 
 how to create an image of myself , to confuse a human or demonic foe . 
 how to sharpen a rock using only magic , to fashion a crude knife or spearhead for those times when magic alone might not be enough . 
 i 'm amazed at how swiftly i 'm developing . 
 under banba it would sometimes take me a week to master a new spell . 
 now i 'm mastering some in minutes , almost before drust has finished explaining how they work . 
 and although they tire me , they do n't drain me and i recover rapidly . 
 drust is surprised too . 
 he keeps commenting on how fast i am , quicker to learn than anyone he 's ever taught , how deep my magic runs . 
 at first i think it 's flattery , designed to keep me happy and stop me thinking about the macgrigor . 
 but as the day wears on i realise he 's actually worried about my progress . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 i snap as for the twentieth time he mutters darkly about my skills . 
 `` are n't you glad that i 'm learning quickly ? '' 
 `` of course , '' drust says . 
 `` any teacher would be pleased to pass on so much with such little effort . 
 but it 's not natural . 
 of course all magic is unnatural . 
 we bend the laws of the universe to suit our needs . 
 each student is different , learning in a unique way , developing unlike any other . 
 but there are similarities ... learning steps all must climb ... patterns they share . 
 `` except you . '' 
 his eyes are heavy . 
 `` when we started out , you were like any student . 
 slow to learn , stubborn to abandon your old ways , gradually opening yourself up to a new world of magic . 
 now you 're nothing like that . 
 you 've changed in every imaginable way and i 'm not sure what to think of it . '' 
 `` it 's not that strange , '' i mutter . 
 `` once i perfected my first spell , it was easy . 
 i just had a hard time getting started . '' 
 `` no , '' drust says . 
 `` there 's more to it than that . 
 i. . . '' 
 he hesitates , then says it . 
 `` i want to look inside your mind . 
 i want to join spirits with you and see what inspired this change . '' 
 i go very quiet . 
 i shared my mind and spirit with banba many times . 
 it 's part of the teaching process . 
 i thought i 'd have to do the same with drust , but there 'd been no mention of it until now . 
 sharing one 's spirit is a personal , private thing . 
 to do it with a woman is hard , but to share with a man ... `` it wo n't be easy for me either , '' drust says quietly . 
 `` if you refuse , i wo n't force you . 
 but i have good reason for asking . 
 there 's something unsettling about your growth . 
 i suspect i know what it is . 
 but i need to go within your mind to be sure . '' 
 `` ca n't you just tell me ? '' 
 i groan . 
 `` why all this need for secrets ? '' 
 `` druids and priestesses are creatures of secrets , '' he says . 
 `` we live in worlds of mazes and mysteries . 
 secrecy is part of who we are and how we live . 
 it should be enough for you when i say i need to do this . 
 my reasons are unimportant . 
 you either trust me or you do n't . '' 
 i want to pull a face and say that i do n't , to annoy him . 
 but his worry has set me worrying too . 
 now that i think about it , i realise no apprentice should advance this far , this fast . 
 banba told me ignorance is the greatest danger any magician ever faces . 
 if you do n't know yourself intimately - your powers and the magic you wield-sooner or later you 'll fall victim to forces of the unknown . 
 `` very well , '' i sigh . 
 `` but i do n't want you rooting around inside my head too long . 
 find what you need , then get out . 
 if not , i 'll fight . '' 
 drust nods , smiling wryly . 
 then , without slowing , he takes hold of my left hand and directs his thoughts towards me . 
 i feel his presence immediately , as if he 'd opened a door into my mind and stepped through . 
 his magic washes into me , seeping through my skin . 
 most of it is directed through his fingers but it comes from other places too-legs , chest , head . 
 his power is like a cloud wrapped around me , swallowing me , tasting and testing me . 
 soon it 's as if there are two people sharing one body . 
 my thoughts are his , my past , my dreams , my magic . 
 i stiffen but do n't stop walking . 
 movement gives me a notion of separation . 
 i 'm still aware of my individual self , who i am , who i was , who i hope to be . 
 if i stop , i 'm afraid drust will become me and i 'll lose myself to him completely . 
 he presses further into my mind , searching , exploring the well of my magic . 
 he 's already deeper within me than banba ever got , discovering truths which nobody knows , my secret wishes and desires , my hopes , loves and fears . 
 and still he does n't stop . 
 he keeps going , working on the part of me that is pure magic , dragging himself down towards my core , deeper and deeper , searching ... something flares within me . 
 i feel a bolt of lethal power shoot towards drust . 
 i know it will kill him upon contact but i ca n't stop it . 
 it 's coming from a place i ca n't control , that i did n't know was there . 
 the bolt flies straight at drust , increasing in power . 
 it 's going to kill him ! 
 it will blow him apart ! 
 it - suddenly , he is n't there . 
 contact has been broken . 
 he throws himself away physically , mind following , disappearing from my thoughts , crying out in pain , but not the sort of pain that accompanies death . 
 i cry out too and drop , head on fire , screaming , feeling the bolt of power explode into nothingness , tearing at the rim of my mind but not damaging me , not like it would have damaged - destroyed-drust . 
 bright lights . 
 stars . 
 then a red haze . 
 when it clears , everyone 's around drust and me . 
 concerned for me , wary of the druid . 
 ronan and lorcan have him at sword point , even though he 's rolled up into a ball and is n't moving . 
 connla 's behind them , testing his own sword 's edge , eyes flicking from one twin to the other . 
 fiachna 's studying my face , rolling my eyelids up , making sure i 'm all right . 
 bran is close by , anxiously chewing his lower lip . 
 `` i 'm fine , '' i mutter , pushing fiachna away-my skin is more sensitive than it 's ever been . 
 his touch is painful . 
 `` what did he do ? '' 
 ronan asks , positioning the tip of his sword by drust 's throat , ready to slice it open and end his life the second i give him an excuse . 
 `` put down that sword , '' connla growls , unexpectedly coming to the druid 's aid . 
 `` do n't harm him . '' 
 `` i will if he 's hurt her ! '' 
 ronan snaps . 
 `` he did n't , '' i gasp . 
 i want to lie down and rest , but i 'm afraid they 'll kill drust if i do n't speak up . 
 `` we were ... working on a spell . 
 it went wrong . 
 he was trying to help me , not harm me . '' 
 the others look relieved , except ronan , who looks annoyed at being denied his kill . 
 they sheathe their weapons . 
 goll asks how long it will take for drust to recover and when we 'll be ready to continue . 
 i tell him i do n't know and ask them to leave us alone for a while . 
 when they 're out of earshot , i slide over next to drust and whisper , `` can you hear me ? '' 
 a long pause , then a very shaky , `` aye . '' 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 i hiss . 
 drust rolls on to his side and stretches out slowly . 
 there are burn marks on his right hand , ugly welts . 
 there are red lines etched across his temple too , as though flames had shot up from his hand to his head . 
 `` i was right , '' he croaks . 
 `` about what ? '' 
 `` the source of your magic . '' 
 his fingers twitch and he winces . 
 it hurts but i lean forward and cast a healing spell on his hand . 
 as the worst of the redness cools away , drust looks at me , no gratitude in his eyes , only doubt . 
 `` magic exploded within you when you fought lord loss . '' 
 `` i know . 
 i reached in and stole power from him . '' 
 drust shakes his head . 
 `` no . 
 that 's not the whole truth . 
 he gave it to you . '' 
 i frown , not understanding . 
 `` lord loss let you take from him , '' drust explains . 
 `` more than that-he extended his magic towards you . 
 he reached within you and struck at the ... the flint of your spirit , for want of a better term . 
 he created the magical sparks and fanned them into life . 
 you 're powerful because he wants you to be-because he lit the flames of magic inside you . '' 
 my face whitens . 
 `` you mean the magic ... my spells ... that 's all because of him ? '' 
 `` aye . '' 
 `` but why ? '' 
 i cry . 
 `` why would a demon give power to a human ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' drust says . 
 `` but i do know this . 
 i thought you were my apprentice , but you 're not-you 're lord loss 's . '' 
 we make slow progress in the afternoon , hampered by bad weather , having to climb lots of hills and drust 's injuries . 
 i hurt him with the blast of magic . 
 he got out of my head just in time , but even so he took a hammering . 
 he casts healing spells when he 's able , but movement is still painful . 
 there have been no more lessons . 
 drust has kept clear of me , walking close to goll and fiachna , bringing up the rear of the group . 
 i do n't blame him . 
 i 'm suspicious of myself too . 
 there 's no telling what lord loss got up to inside my skull and heart . 
 maybe he planted spells of destruction and i 'm doomed to betray my friends and kill them all . 
 they should be told of the threat i pose but drust has said nothing and i lack the courage to tell them . 
 i do n't think they 'd kill me but trust would be impossible . 
 they 'd cut me off . 
 i 'd be their friend no longer-merely a possible enemy . 
 so i walk in silence and keep my fears to myself , wondering if and when the animal within me will burst forth-either the magical animal of lord loss 's making or the beast of my macgrigor heritage . 
 it 's late afternoon when we sight the sea . 
 dark blue , with white , choppy waves smashing against the rocks of the shore , roaring like a monster . 
 it stretches as far as the eye can see . 
 i hoped i might glimpse the shores of tir na n'og from here , the legendary land which lies somewhere between this place and the otherworld . 
 but if it 's out there , as the legends claim , it lies beyond the sight of normal folk-and magical folk too . 
 we stop atop a hill and marvel at the vision of the sea . 
 even drust wipes a hand across his brow , then stares at the horizon with wide , childlike eyes , as though he can hardly believe it 's there . 
 `` a thing of wild beauty , '' goll murmurs , smiling as the wind whips at his beard and hair . 
 he strokes the flesh of his blind eye . 
 `` i saw it as a young man . 
 i had perfect sight then . 
 but it 's just as wondrous seen with a single eye . '' 
 `` where does it end ? '' 
 lorcan asks , looking left and right , then straight ahead . 
 `` nobody knows , '' drust says , his first words of the afternoon . 
 `` some say it goes on forever . 
 others that it comes to the edge of the world and drops away into nothingness . 
 a few even claim that by some form of magic it leads to the other side of the world , that if you were to sail all the way across , you 'd wash up at the lands to the east . 
 but nobody really knows . '' 
 `` and tir na n'og ? '' 
 fiachna asks . 
 `` is it out there ? '' 
 drust shrugs . 
 `` perhaps . 
 there are ... '' he pauses , sniffs the air , looks west . 
 `` we will soon find some who believe they know where tir na n'og lies . 
 you can ask them . 
 they might be able to provide clearer answers than me . '' 
 on that curious note , drust starts down the hill , angling gently southwest , to a point further along the coastline . 
 the rest of us cherish one last long look at the sea . 
 then we follow , reluctantly abandoning sight of the great expanse of water , eagerly awaiting the moment when we come within view of it again . 
 night is close when we spot them . 
 we 've been walking along the edge of the coast for an hour , stumbling often on the strange , flat , cracked layers of rock underfoot . 
 the strength of the sea can be felt first-hand here . 
 the wind , the spray , the tremors in the ground from the pounding of the waves . 
 i 'm amazed the land has stood up to the battering for so long i always knew there was power in the earth , but it must be much stronger than i imagined to resist such a relentless foe , day after day , night after night , year after year . 
 we 're all focused on the sea , watching the waves rise and crash , no two alike . 
 in some places , where they strike , they rise up in huge plumes like smoke , spreading their drops far in a fine mist . 
 it 's like a moving painting of never-ending designs . 
 because of this extraordinary show , we 're almost upon the travellers before lorcan-at the front of the group-glances up and realises we 're not alone . 
 `` people ! '' 
 he shouts , halting abruptly and pointing ahead . 
 squinting-because of the spray-i spot a procession of twenty or thirty figures , heading to a large boat bobbing up and down in a relatively calm cove . 
 `` demons ? '' 
 connla asks , standing on his toes , as if that will help him see better . 
 `` no , '' drust says , passing lorcan without slowing . 
 `` humans ? '' 
 goll calls after him . 
 `` not as such , '' is drust 's response . 
 we look at each other uncertainly , then shuffle along after the druid . 
 the travellers are creatures of legend . 
 impossibly towering giants , the height of three or four men . 
 tiny , stick-thin people who might be the meddlesome leprechauns of myth . 
 slender , graceful , pointy-eared fairies . 
 weeping , pale-faced , dark-eyed , terrifying banshees . 
 others who look more like demons than humans . 
 druids and priestesses too . 
 all are part of the procession , winding their way to the boat , where others like them are patiently waiting , seated or standing , all looking west . 
 `` morrigan 's milk ! '' 
 goll gasps , making a sign to ward off evil . 
 then he stops , confused , since although these are obviously beings of magic , they do n't have the look or feel of wickedness . 
 the walkers have their eyes set on the path or boat . 
 one of the druids happens to look up and spot us . 
 he breaks off from the others and comes towards us . 
 as he draws close , ronan nudges over to drust and whispers , `` is he a threat ? '' 
 `` no , '' drust says . 
 he has stopped and is waiting calmly for his fellow druid , arms folded across his chest . 
 `` who are they ? '' 
 fiachna asks , studying one of the burly , brutal-looking giants . 
 we 've heard stories of these fierce warriors of the past , part god , part human . 
 but ancient stories are sometimes hard to believe . 
 they grow in the telling over the generations . 
 things get exaggerated . 
 i always assumed the giants of lore were simply large but otherwise normal warriors . 
 fiachna and the others thought that too . 
 we were wrong . 
 `` they are beings of lessening magic , '' drust says in answer to fiachna 's query . 
 `` they came after the old creatures and flourished for a time on the magic of the past . 
 they 're leaving now . 
 the magic of the old creatures has almost faded from this earth . 
 those it nurtured ca n't survive without it . 
 their time here is finished . 
 they go west in search of tir na n'og or death . '' 
 his eyes are sad but also filled with longing . 
 he wants to go with them . 
 `` do they flee from the demonata ? '' 
 i ask quietly . 
 `` not necessarily , '' drust says . 
 `` most have come from distant lands , some from the other side of the world . 
 they leave to escape the christians and other new religious groups . 
 the world has changed and will change more in the centuries to come . 
 old magic is no longer dominant . 
 those who practise it have no place here . 
 they leave before the magic disappears completely , to avoid an undignified end . '' 
 `` why do n't they fight ? '' 
 goll asks . 
 `` they did . 
 but only a fool continues to fight when it 's clear the battle is lost . 
 everything has an end . 
 this is the end of great magic and those who belong to it . '' 
 the other druid reaches us and stops . 
 he nods to drust , who nods back . 
 then he casts a curious eye over the rest of us . 
 `` do you seek a place on board our boat , brother ? '' 
 the druid asks . 
 `` nay , '' drust replies . 
 `` i am here on other business . '' 
 `` there wo n't be many more boats this year , '' the druid says . 
 `` this might be the last before spring . 
 if you miss this one ... '' `` i have work here , '' drust says . 
 `` this is a dangerous land , '' the druid notes . 
 `` several of our kind have fallen on their way to this point . 
 if you wait and the demonata triumph within the next few months , there might never be a boat again . '' 
 `` my work involves the demonata , '' drust says . 
 `` if i am successful the boats will continue to sail . '' 
 the druid raises an eyebrow . 
 `` you have set yourself against the demons ? '' 
 `` aye , '' drust says steadily . 
 `` a perilous undertaking . 
 you do it to keep the path to the west clear for those who will follow ? '' 
 `` no , '' drust smiles . 
 `` we should all be so self-sacrificing , but most are not and i am no exception . 
 i do this for personal reasons . '' 
 the druid returns drust 's smile . 
 `` whatever they are , i wish you luck . 
 if you can close the tunnel between this world and the demonata 's , boatloads to come will praise your name in the lands west of here ... or in the lands of the dead . '' 
 both druids look at the boat and those boarding it . 
 only a couple remain on the shore now , untying the ropes which hold the boat in place . 
 it 's unlike any boat i 've ever seen , long and narrow , tall poles sprouting from the middle to hold large sails . 
 it 's hard to see how it stays afloat . 
 `` what of your companions ? '' 
 the druid asks , looking around , his gaze coming to rest on me . 
 `` do they seek sanctuary with us ? 
 there are a few places left . 
 if they wish to take their chances , we can give them berth . '' 
 drust glances at me , then speaks to the others . 
 `` if you want to go , i wo n't stop you . 
 but i might have need of you in the days and nights to come . 
 remember-if i fail , your people will pay the price . '' 
 `` tir na n'og , '' goll whispers , his good eye sparkling as he studies the boat . 
 `` to go there now ... to live forever , having come this close to death ... '' `` it would be a just reward for an honest life , '' fiachna says softly . 
 `` you should go , old friend . '' 
 goll 's lips part . 
 he breathes out the word , `` aye . '' 
 but then his face hardens and he barks a laugh . 
 `` no . 
 tir na n'og 's for the beautiful and magical-not an ugly old warhorse like me ! 
 anyway , what would i do there for all eternity ? 
 play hurling with giants ? '' 
 he turns and winks . 
 `` ten years ago , maybe . 
 but i 'd feel like a fool if i went now . 
 and what if they find nothing but sea ? 
 i 've been on those waves before-and never as sick in all my life ! '' 
 `` anybody else ? '' 
 the druid asks politely . 
 he 's still looking at me , a small frown creasing his forehead . 
 `` i would give much to hunt in the fabled forests of tir na n'og , '' lorcan sighs dreamily . 
 `` but i ca n't abandon my clan , not until the demons have been defeated or i lie dead . 
 next year , if we succeed , i 'll return and ask for passage then . '' 
 goll nudges connla playfully . 
 `` how about you , young king ? 
 we know how vain you are . 
 in tir na n'og you 'd keep your looks and never grow old . '' 
 connla sneers . 
 `` give up a kingship here to be a peasant there ? 
 i think not ! '' 
 `` you sound very certain of your kingship , '' goll murmurs . 
 `` do you know something we do n't ? '' 
 connla flushes . 
 `` of course not . 
 i was just ... i mean ... '' he coughs and glares at goll . 
 `` i do n't have to explain myself to the likes of you ! '' 
 `` peace , '' the druid says before the pair start to argue in earnest . 
 `` if you do not wish to travel with us , i must take my leave . 
 night is almost upon us and we mean to depart before the demons attack-they come here often , the braver monsters , in search of rich pickings . '' 
 `` we have delayed you too long already , brother , '' drust says , bowing . 
 `` go , and may the grace of the gods go with you . '' 
 `` our thanks-and may the gods bless you in your honourable quest , '' the druid says . 
 he returns the bow , nods at the rest of us , then makes his way to the boat . 
 the creatures holding the ropes untie the last of them as he approaches . 
 by the time he reaches the shoreline the ropes have been cast off and the boat is drifting away from the land . 
 the druid increases his pace and jumps to the deck of the boat , propelling himself through the air with magic . 
 he waves to us before settling down and facing the bow , which points like an arrow straight at the setting sun . 
 we watch as the boat moves off , sails rising smoothly , catching a magical wind . 
 the boat shoots ahead at an incredible speed , leaving hardly any wake , a speck on the horizon within minutes , then-to my eyes at least-gone . 
 there 's a long , thoughtful silence . 
 all eyes are on the dimming sun , scanning the point where sea meets sky , straining for one final glimpse of the boat and its cargo of giants and fairies . 
 then goll shatters the mood by clapping drust on the back . 
 `` so , druid , '' he drawls , `` where shall we cast for tonight ? 
 your friends are safe from the demons and undead at sea , but we 're somewhat exposed out here , aye ? '' 
 drust looks around , blank-eyed for a second . 
 then he focuses . 
 `` aye . 
 it would not do if we were caught in the open . 
 we will be safe further down the coast-there is a place protected by rare old magic-but we must move fast if we are to get there before night . '' 
 `` ca n't we stop and cast a masking spell ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` no , '' drust says , starting forward , faster than he 'd been walking earlier . 
 `` you heard the warning-demons come here . '' 
 `` demons are everywhere , '' fiachna says . 
 the day is in its final stages when we come to a cliff high above the sea . 
 we 've been climbing for the last half hour , out of sight of the waves . 
 now we stop , stunned by the new view . 
 the cliff drops straight beneath us , as though the land had been cut away with a godly knife . 
 i take an instant step back , terrified i 'm going to fall . 
 most of the others retreat instinctively too . 
 but drust is n't afraid . 
 he breaks into a smile and points towards a row of cliffs , jutting out into the sea like gigantic fingers . 
 it 's amazing scenery . 
 even goll has n't seen anything like this-he was further north when he came to the coast as a young man . 
 we gawp , astonished . 
 `` there , '' drust says . 
 `` the third jutland from the end-that 's where we 're going . '' 
 he looks at the sun , then the land around us . 
 `` we should be fine . 
 demons do n't like the throb of old magic and usually avoid it . 
 but let 's not tarry , just in case . '' 
 we push on , moving downhill now , following the coastline . 
 seagulls are settling in their nests for the night , cawing and screeching . 
 some rabbits watch us from a safe distance . 
 even further beyond the rabbits , a small , rugged pony grazes alone . 
 i ca n't see it lasting long by itself out here in the demon-pillaged wilds . 
 at the foot of the dip there 's hard , level ground . 
 it 's possible to crawl forward on your stomach and look down directly over the edge of the cliff . 
 drust does n't pause-he 's not interested in the view , intent on reaching the third jut of land-but the rest of us ca n't resist the opportunity to gaze upon the sea from such a spectacular viewpoint . 
 lying on our stomachs , we wriggle forward to the end of the world and a sight that surpasses any i ever dreamt about in the past . 
 unbelievable . 
 with my chin resting over the edge , and the rest of my body hugging the cliff edge for dear life , it 's as if i 'm suspended in mid-air , looking down at the sea as a bird or god must . 
 i see the heads of seagulls nestled in the rock . 
 the white of the waves as they batter the base of the cliff , visible even in the dim light of the advanced dusk . 
 the rolling , crashing sounds . 
 the scent of birds and salt . 
 the urge to throw myself over the edge is strong . 
 to die so beautifully , so perfectly ... to fly for a handful of seconds ... become part of the sea , dashed against the rocks until i 'm nothing , then swept away to the otherworld in the company of fish , mermaids and all the other creatures of the deep ... i ignore the suicidal urge , but it 's difficult . 
 i suppose people who live along the shore grow hardened to this call of the sea . 
 but it 's dangerous for land-dwellers like us . 
 when i look up , i see misty expressions on the faces of the others , which prove i 'm not alone in my desire to cast myself off . 
 but there 's something else in those expressions which i feel too-triumph . 
 though i 'm tempted by the call of the sea , i resist . 
 it ca n't claim me . 
 in a way i 'm stronger than the waves and i feel good about that . 
 smug , even . 
 we remain lying on the ledge for what seems a long time but is probably no more than a few minutes . 
 connla 's the first to crawl back and stand up when he 's a safe distance from the edge , where the wind ca n't catch him and whip him over . 
 ronan rises next , but closer to the edge than connla , not afraid of the whirling , whistling wind . 
 the pair head after drust . 
 a minute later goll follows and that 's the signal for the rest of us to retreat . 
 bran 's the last to leave , laughing as he gazes down , pointing at seagulls and waving as though he knows them . 
 i call to him to come with us but he does n't move . 
 annoyed-i 've now had my fill of the sea-i double back , grab his legs and reel him in . 
 `` come on , '' i snap as he tries to squirm back to the edge . 
 `` we have to follow the others . 
 it 's not safe here . '' 
 `` eggs boiled leaf , '' bran says , nodding to show that he agrees . 
 but he looks at the edge one last time , regretfully , before rising , linking his hand with mine and jogging after lorcan at the rear of the main pack . 
 we 've almost caught up with lorcan when the demons attack . 
 they burst out of the earth like savage worms , a dozen or more . 
 multi-limbed . 
 many have several heads . 
 claws like branches on a tree . 
 mouths full of fangs . 
 gibbering and howling-familiar demon sounds . 
 most attack the main group of fiachna , lorcan and goll . 
 a few go for ronan and connla . 
 one lumbers after drust , far ahead on his own . 
 and one surges at bran and me . 
 i reach inside and draw upon my magic , forgetting in the heat of the moment that it 's the magic of the demonata , unable to worry about what i might unleash . 
 lips moving quickly , i fill my hands with fire , then blow flames at the demon , which has two heads-one of a bear , one a fox . 
 the demon screams and falls . 
 bran laughs and leaps over the flailing demon , then leaps back again , playing with it as if it was a skipping rope of fire . 
 drust 's demon is almost upon him when he flicks his right hand , casting a spell . 
 the demon flies over the druid 's head , then off the cliff , falling to its death on the rocks beneath , hollering hatefully all the way down . 
 the others are battling , swords and axes flashing , hacking at demon flesh . 
 drust starts back to help , then pauses and stares inland . 
 i follow the direction of his gaze and spot a figure in the distance , hovering above the earth . 
 there 's no mistaking him , even in this poor light-lord loss . 
 something that looks like a dog is jumping up and down beside him . 
 drust hesitates , then races along the cliff , heading for the jutland where he said we 'd be safe , leaving the rest of us to fight and , if we lose , perish . 
 i curse the druid , then wade in to where lorcan , goll and fiachna are struggling with the demons . 
 the ground around them is slippery with blood , littered with demon limbs , chunks of flesh , even a head or two . 
 but still the demons press on , driving the warriors and smith towards the edge of the cliff , seeking to push them over . 
 i touch the back of a leathery demon about twice my height . 
 it looks down at me and laughs . 
 i say a word and the nails of my fingers instantly lengthen , digging deep into the monster , piercing its skin , bones , inner organs . 
 the hellish creature chokes , blood gurgling up its throat . 
 my nails burst out the far side of its body . 
 i say another word and jerk my hand away , snapping free of the nails , leaving them buried within . 
 the demon collapses , shudders , then goes still . 
 another of the demonic pack sees what i 've done . 
 it screeches and hurls itself at me . 
 no time for magic . 
 i drop to my back , stick my legs up and halt the demon 's charge with my feet . 
 it swipes at me with a clawed hand . 
 barely misses my eyes . 
 i point at its face . 
 words leap from my tongue and its head explodes , splattering me with blood and bits of bone and brain . 
 rising , turning to deal with a third demon , i hear a human scream from further away . 
 no time to check it out . 
 a bull-headed demon is on top of fiachna . 
 it 's bitten a chunk out of his left shoulder and is trying to latch on to his throat . 
 i dive at it , grab its mouth , put my face close to its pink , cracked lips and breathe out . 
 a mist flies into the demon 's mouth . 
 it coughs , tries to snarl at me but ca n't . 
 because the mist has thickened and clogged its throat . 
 it ca n't breathe . 
 some demons do n't need to breathe but this one does . 
 it falls away , scratching at its neck , eyes bulging as it suffocates . 
 goll and lorcan force the final demon over the cliff , pushing it off , only just avoiding a lashing tendril which threatens to drag them over with it . 
 they glance around , make sure we 've dealt with all the monsters , then rush off to help ronan and connla . 
 bran and i follow just behind . 
 when goll and lorcan stop short i fear the worst . 
 but running up , readying myself to cast more spells , i see the demons fleeing , connla standing proudly by the cliff 's edge , sword raised , bellowing colourful curses after the monsters . 
 we approach uncertainly . 
 connla beams at us , his blade grey and green with demon blood . 
 `` cowards ! '' 
 he laughs . 
 `` they did n't have the guts to fight ! 
 i ran them off ! 
 did you see how fast they - '' `` ronan , '' lorcan interrupts , scanning the area . 
 `` where 's my brother ? '' 
 connla sighs . 
 `` they forced him over . '' 
 lorcan stares at connla , then walks to the edge of the cliff and looks down . 
 the rest of us hang our heads , the joy of victory already forgotten . 
 there 's a lump in my throat that makes breathing almost as hard as it must have been for the demon i choked to death . 
 i flash on images of ronan fighting , hunting , laughing , flicking blood from his long , curly hair as he raced from the pack of demons who first pursued us . 
 he would have wanted to die this way , fighting , but that does n't make his loss any easier for me to bear . 
 `` he fought bravely , '' connla says . 
 he probably means to comfort lorcan but he sounds patronising , as though talking to a child . 
 `` did he fall before or after the demons ran ? '' 
 goll asks . 
 `` before , of course , '' connla frowns . 
 `` they forced him over . 
 he was close to the edge . 
 he never stood a chance . '' 
 `` yet they left you alone ? '' 
 goll does n't phrase it as a challenge but it 's hard not to interpret it as such . 
 `` they killed ronan , then ran ? '' 
 `` they saw i was n't such an easy touch , '' connla snorts . 
 `` they got lucky with ronan , but when they tangled with me and realised they were out of their depth , they ran for their miserable , demonic lives . '' 
 connla 's face hardens and he looks at each of us in turn . 
 `` you do n't seem too pleased , '' he mutters darkly . 
 `` it 's strange , '' fiachna says uneasily . 
 `` demons do n't fight that way . 
 to catch a person in the open ... outnumbering him ... night just beginning ... then running off ... '' `` what are you - '' connla starts to roar . 
 `` enough , '' lorcan stops him-and the rest of us too . 
 he turns from the edge of the cliff , face strained but resigned . 
 `` ronan 's dead . 
 that 's the end of it . 
 i do n't care why the demons ran . 
 there will be no arguments , not at a time like this . '' 
 goll and fiachna look down uncomfortably . 
 connla too . 
 `` he did n't die through any fault of his own , '' connla says . 
 `` they took him by surprise . 
 it was just bad luck that he was so close to the edge . 
 i would have saved him if i could . '' 
 lorcan nods slowly . 
 `` luck will always turn against a warrior in the end . 
 you have nothing to answer for . '' 
 he looks off into the distance , to where drust is still running , closing in on the jutland . 
 a light flares in lorcan 's eyes . 
 `` that coward , on the other hand ... '' he sets off after drust at top speed . 
 i share a worried look with the rest of the group , then hurry after him , afraid of what will happen if he catches up with the druid in this dark mood . 
 drust has reached the jutland by the time we get to him . 
 a long stretch of cliff sticking out into the sea , grass growing thickly along the top , blowing ever easterly from the winds coming in from the west . 
 he 's sitting in a spot in the middle of the jutland , hunched over against the wind , his chess set on the grass in front of him , studying the figures . 
 `` you ! '' 
 lorcan shouts , striding up to the druid . 
 drust does n't look up at the furious teenager . 
 `` you abandoned us and left us to the demons ! 
 what do you have to say in defence of yourself ? '' 
 no answer . 
 drust is fully focused on the chess game . 
 lorcan 's axe is in his left hand . 
 he raises it , his youthful face twisted with hatred . 
 i want to stop him but i dare not interfere . 
 and , to be honest , part of me loathes drust for running out on us and wants to see him punished . 
 connla roars a warning and reaches for his knife , to intervene , but before he can , drust says quietly , `` you can not harm me here . 
 you will suffer if you try . '' 
 `` suffer this ! '' 
 lorcan screams and brings his axe down . 
 the head of the axe melts . 
 the handle turns into a shaft of fire . 
 lorcan yells with pain and drops it . 
 i blink dumbly-this is the work of magic , but it did n't come from drust . 
 it seemed to come from the earth itself . 
 `` violence is not permitted here , '' drust says and he looks up . 
 `` if you try that again , you 'll die . '' 
 lorcan snatches for his sword with his unharmed right hand . 
 stops and curses . 
 kicks the smouldering remains of his axe and turns away , disgusted . 
 drust looks around at us , meeting our accusing gazes without any hint of shame . 
 `` lord loss orchestrated the attack . 
 he set the demons in place , knowing we must pass this way . 
 i thought it was an ambush , so i fled for my life , as i was duty bound to . 
 i see now it was merely a cruel game but i was not to know that at the time . 
 i acted correctly . '' 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 goll snarls . 
 `` ronan died . 
 it was no game . '' 
 drust shakes his head . 
 `` if it had been a real ambush , they 'd have jumped me . 
 having trailed us this far and listened to our conversations , lord loss must know what our plan is . 
 if he truly wished to stop us at this point , he 'd have killed me . 
 the rest of you do n't matter . 
 that was why i ran . 
 i could n't let myself fall , not this close to the end . '' 
 `` fancy words , but it boils down to the same thing-cowardice , '' fiachna says . 
 `` you may call it that if you wish , '' drust says coolly . 
 `` but i told you from the start that your lives meant nothing to me . 
 you 've helped me come this far , and so served a noble purpose . 
 i 'm grateful for that but it makes you no less insignificant in the greater scheme of things . '' 
 goll laughs bitterly . 
 `` i bet you did n't have many friends when you were a child ! '' 
 `` druids do n't need friends , '' drust replies , then regards his chess set again . 
 i study the jutland uncertainly . 
 night is upon us and i can hear the howls of the demons that connla ran off . 
 and lord loss is still out there . 
 i feel exposed , open to attack . 
 `` are you sure we 're safe ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` aye , '' drust says . 
 `` this is a place of old magic . 
 no lesser demon can set foot here . 
 a demon master can , but like us , they can commit no violence on this soil . '' 
 `` thank the gods for small mercies , '' connla sniffs . 
 `` are there more places like this along the coast , where we can shelter in the coming nights ? '' 
 `` no , '' drust says . 
 `` but we would have no need of them even if there were . 
 this is the place i have been heading for . 
 it 's the end of the road . '' 
 then he gives his attention over fully to the chess game , leaving us to stare at the grass , the drop on either side , the sea which stretches off into the distance-and wonder what exactly he brought us to this desolate place for . 
 night darkens . 
 black clouds blow in off the sea , unloading their rain on top of us . 
 i 'm glad of the rain at first-it washes the worst of the blood from my face and neck-but its appeal quickly fades as a chill sets in . 
 to combat the rain and sharp , bitter wind , i create a fire using magic and we huddle around it , capes and cloaks pulled over our heads , shivering from the damp and cold . 
 i 've treated fiachna 's wounded shoulder , but it 's a nasty purple colour . 
 i 'm not sure i cleaned out all the demon 's poison . 
 it does n't look too dangerous at the moment but i 'll be keeping a close eye on it . 
 lorcan is silent and distant , thinking of his dead brother . 
 there 's not much you can say to a warrior when a loved one dies . 
 death is something all warriors learn to embrace . 
 it 's part of their trade . 
 at least ronan died in battle . 
 lorcan will miss him but life must go on . 
 there 's no benefit to be had from weeping or wailing like a woman or a child . 
 drust continues with his game , head bent over the board to shelter it from the rain , moving figures around slowly , after much deliberation . 
 maybe this was his aim-to escape to a place where he 'd be protected , safe to play his games of chess all night and day in peace . 
 after an hour the rain eases and moonlight breaks through the clouds . 
 we should be grateful , but now that we can see more clearly , we spot lord loss hovering near where the jutland starts , watching us intently . 
 with shouts and cries , we scramble to our feet and the men draw their weapons . 
 goll starts forward , roaring , then halts , remembering what happened to lorcan 's axe . 
 he lowers his sword and studies lord loss nervously . 
 the demon master ignores the old warrior and tilts his head sideways for a better view of drust . 
 he seems fascinated by the game the druid 's playing . 
 he drifts closer . 
 something moves near where his legs end in long strips of flesh . 
 i recall the dog-like creature i saw earlier . 
 peering down , i see that it has a large dog 's body , but its head is long and curiously flat , a dark green or brown colour , with evil yellow eyes . 
 and it has human hands instead of paws . 
 a woman 's hands . 
 lord loss passes goll . 
 the dog demon starts to follow , then stops , growls and retreats a few steps . 
 drust was right about this place being out of bounds for lesser demons . 
 lord loss drifts to a halt close to where drust is sitting . 
 we surround him , suspicious yet captivated . 
 we 've never been this close to a living demon for such a long period of time , free to study him at will . 
 it 's a strange sensation . 
 i feel the magic around him , lightly crackling , not that different to the power drust and i create when we cast a spell . 
 except his magic is constant , never changing . 
 finally the game ends and drust begins rearranging the pieces . 
 `` what is that you play ? '' 
 lord loss asks , his voice laced with sorrow . 
 `` chess , '' drust says and peers up . 
 `` you do n't play ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` a pity . '' 
 `` but i would like to learn . '' 
 drust pauses , surprised . 
 `` do demons play human games ? '' 
 `` no , '' lord loss says . 
 `` but this interests me . 
 i have never seen it before . 
 and the board ... there is magic in it . '' 
 `` this board is unique , '' drust says , smiling proudly . 
 `` my master told me it is the original board , a gift to us from the old creatures . 
 my people have guarded it for many centuries , and others of magic protected it before the druids . 
 long ago , one of its owners fashioned a game to play on it , to pass the time . 
 he crafted the pieces which have developed into what you see now , and so the game of chess came into being . '' 
 `` then the board was not created for the game ? '' 
 lord loss asks . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` what was its original purpose ? '' 
 drust shrugs . 
 `` nobody knows . 
 as you noticed , it is an artefact of magic , but we have never been able to unlock its secrets . '' 
 `` perhaps i could , '' lord loss says . 
 `` perhaps , '' drust agrees , then smiles . 
 `` some other time . '' 
 `` why not now ? '' 
 lord loss asks eagerly . 
 drust 's smile spreads . 
 `` that 's not possible . 
 you have to leave . '' 
 `` i do not , '' lord loss frowns . 
 `` aye , '' drust says . 
 `` you do . '' 
 he raises a hand and lord loss drifts backwards . 
 `` what 's happening ? '' 
 the demon master shouts , trying to stop but unable to . 
 `` a minor spell , '' drust chuckles . 
 `` i tire of having you hound our trail . 
 this will keep you at a safe distance for a while . '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 lord loss roars . 
 `` you have no power over me ! 
 you 're just a human ! 
 you can not command a demon master ! '' 
 `` normally , no , '' drust murmurs . 
 `` but magic works differently here . 
 i am able to do things on this jutland which i could do nowhere else-and you are helpless to resist , since this magic is more mine than yours . '' 
 lord loss 's features darken and eight arms extend outwards . 
 i feel power build within him , directed at drust . 
 then it stops suddenly as he realises what will happen if he strikes in anger . 
 `` you are very clever , '' the demon snarls , drifting further away . 
 `` but once i 'm back on normal land my powers will be mine again . 
 i will wait . 
 and follow . 
 and next time i will kill . '' 
 drust shakes his head . 
 `` the spell wo n't last for long , but it will hold for a few days , no matter where you go . '' 
 he crooks a finger at lord loss and the demon master stops . 
 `` but i can break the spell now , if you wish to bargain . '' 
 `` bargain with what ? '' 
 lord loss spits . 
 `` information , '' drust says . 
 `` tell me why you follow us . 
 why you laid the trap but did not kill me . 
 what 's in this for you ? '' 
 `` i feed on the sorrow of others , '' lord loss says stiffly . 
 `` i follow you because i know misery is your destiny . 
 your suffering brings me pleasure . '' 
 `` no , '' drust says . 
 `` this land is full of suffering . 
 i do n't believe you 'd pick us at random , out of all the thousands of tortured souls , for special attention . '' 
 lord loss shrugs and smiles . 
 `` what other reason could there be ? '' 
 `` you interfered with the girl , '' drust says . 
 the others look at me questioningly but i avoid their gaze . 
 `` you filled her with magic of your own . 
 why ? '' 
 `` i like her , '' the demon gurgles . 
 `` i wanted to help . '' 
 `` answer me honestly , '' drust growls , `` or i 'll banish you . '' 
 `` actually , i do n't think you will , '' lord loss purrs , then points an arm at goll . 
 abruptly , unwillingly , with a startled roar , goll turns away from the rest of us and runs . 
 for an awful second i think lord loss plans to run him over the edge of the cliff . 
 but then i see he 's more cunning than that-he 's making goll race to the mainland , where the dog demon is yapping with delight , ready to tear goll to pieces on a patch of ground where there 's no magical protection . 
 `` goll ! '' 
 i scream and try to stop him with magic . 
 but i ca n't find a way to unlock lord loss 's spell . 
 `` release me , '' lord loss says . 
 `` immediately . 
 or the human dies at the hands of the ever-faithful , ever-vicious vein . '' 
 `` no , '' drust says . 
 `` you must , '' lord loss growls , `` or i 'll send the others to their deaths too . '' 
 `` no , '' drust repeats . 
 `` very well , '' the demon master sneers . 
 `` vein ! 
 destroy him ! '' 
 the dog demon barks and howls , leaping around , jaws snapping open and shut . 
 goll 's almost at the mainland . 
 a few more seconds and ... suddenly , bran is in front of the old warrior , by the side of vein , patting his knees , whistling as though calling to a tame dog and not some demon half-breed . 
 vein leaps at bran . 
 lord loss laughs . 
 the rest of us gasp with horror . 
 then everybody 's jaw drops as the dog demon licks bran 's face , before rolling over on to her back and offering her stomach to be tickled . 
 `` vein ! '' 
 lord loss bellows . 
 `` stop that ! 
 kill him ! '' 
 the demon ignores her master 's call and whines with pleasure as bran scratches under her chin . 
 he 's giggling , playing with her as he would with any normal dog , making cooing sounds and uttering the odd insensible word or two . 
 lord loss ca n't believe it . 
 nobody can . 
 but then fiachna laughs out loud and soon all of us are laughing , pointing at the boy and the dog , and goll standing beside the pair of them , having come to a stop at last . 
 we double over , tears of mirth streaming down our faces . 
 even drust is smiling . 
 lord loss does n't see the funny side of it . 
 he glares at the dog demon , then the rest of us . 
 when his eyes eventually settle on drust , he snarls and says , `` what manner of thing is that boy ? '' 
 `` i 'm not sure , '' drust chuckles . 
 `` i knew he 'd been blessed with some special form of magic but i never guessed he was this powerful . 
 it seems he can charm any creature he wishes . 
 and maybe that 's only one of his lesser gifts . 
 who knows what else he might be capable of ? '' 
 drust 's smile tightens . 
 `` maybe he can kill a demon master . '' 
 lord loss quivers but i 'm not sure if it 's with fear or outrage . 
 `` you have humiliated me , '' he hisses . 
 `` aye , '' drust agrees cheerfully . 
 `` you will pay for that . '' 
 seven of lord loss 's arms come up and he points at each of us . 
 `` i place a geis upon you . 
 a curse to destroy you all . 
 whether you succeed in your quest or not , none of you will know anything but misery for the rest of your pitifully short lives . '' 
 `` your geis does n't frighten us , '' drust snorts . 
 `` now begone-and i do n't want to see you again any time soon . '' 
 he waves his right hand and lord loss peels away as though blown by a strong wind . 
 he shoots off the jutland , managing to grab his dog as he flies past , yanking her away from bran by grabbing her snout . 
 vein gives a muffled howl . 
 bran 's hands stretch out after the dog and he waves goodbye . 
 soon the pair vanish from sight , separated from us by drust 's spell and the darkness of the night . 
 drust is still playing chess . 
 the rest of us are gathered around the fire . 
 now that the danger has passed , my clansfolk discuss the conversation between drust and lord loss and i feel eyes settle on me suspiciously . 
 finally fiachna asks the question which is on all their tongues . 
 `` what did drust mean about lord loss interfering with you ? '' 
 i sigh miserably . 
 `` my magic has grown faster than it should . 
 i 've leapt from being a poor apprentice to being almost as strong as drust , with the ability to be a lot stronger-because of lord loss . 
 he reached within me and gave me power . 
 thanks to him , i 'm able to do things which nobody of my limited experience should be able to . '' 
 `` why would he do that ? '' 
 goll asks gruffly . 
 `` we do n't know , '' i answer honestly . 
 `` we 'd be fools to think he did it to help but we ca n't see how my being so strong can be a drawback . 
 unless ... '' i gulp , then say what i 've been thinking since drust revealed the truth about my powers . 
 `` unless he left a secret spell behind . 
 maybe , when i 'm powerful enough , a force will explode inside me and destroy everything around me . '' 
 `` a demon in the fold , '' lorcan growls bitterly , with venom born out of the loss of his brother . 
 `` we ca n't harm her here , but i say we take her back to the mainland and slit her throat before - '' `` peace , '' goll hushes him . 
 `` but - '' `` peace ! '' 
 goll says again , harshly this time . 
 then he smiles at me . 
 `` i do n't believe that , bec . 
 i 've known you since you were a baby . 
 you would n't hurt anyone , intentionally or otherwise . 
 if the demon master thinks he can use you to harm us , he 's wrong . '' 
 tears spring to my eyes . 
 i have n't cried since i was a very young child-tears are for the weak-but the warmth of goll 's words unleashes a spring within me and soon my cheeks are wet with warm , salty water . 
 `` goll 's right , '' fiachna says , putting a thumb to my cheeks and wiping some of the tears away . 
 `` we have nothing to fear from you , bec . '' 
 `` of course we do n't , '' connla agrees , stunning us all by giving me a quick hug . 
 then he looks pointedly at lorcan . 
 the teenager pulls a face . 
 `` if that 's how you feel , i wo n't argue . 
 but i 'll be keeping an eye on her , especially when there 's a full moon , because there 's the threat of her turning into a wild beast too , in case you 'd forgotten . 
 and if i ever think she 's going to act against us ... '' '' ... you 'll tell us and we 'll have a calm chat about it , '' connla finishes sternly , in the authoritative tone of a true king . 
 `` understood ? '' 
 lorcan bares his teeth , but then nods roughly and turns away to sulk . 
 i do n't blame him for this unusual show of hatred . 
 it 's hard when you lose one you love , even if you 're a warrior who is n't supposed to let sorrow affect you . 
 bran shuffles up beside me a few seconds later , stares at my damp cheeks , touches them with a finger , then tastes it . 
 `` stony , '' he declares mysteriously , then lays his head on my shoulder , closes his eyes , smiles and goes to sleep . 
 some hours later , having finished another game of chess , drust packs the pieces and board away , sets his bag down and rises . 
 `` bec , '' he summons me . 
 i gently move bran 's head and go see what the druid wants . 
 `` it 's time , '' drust says , looking down at me solemnly . 
 `` for what ? '' 
 i frown . 
 `` i 've been waiting for the tide , '' he answers cryptically . 
 `` the level is correct now . 
 but it wo n't remain that way for long . 
 we must hurry . '' 
 `` i do n't understand . 
 what ... ? '' 
 i stop . 
 drust is taking off his robes . 
 soon he 's naked . 
 i 've seen many naked men-a lot of warriors fight the old way , stripped bare-but drust looks different in the flesh . 
 his nudity is unsettling , as if i 'm seeing an aspect of him i should n't . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 goll grunts , getting up . 
 `` what are you - '' `` stay back , '' drust says , eyes flashing . 
 `` bec and i must go for a while . 
 but we 'll return shortly . '' 
 `` go where ? '' 
 fiachna asks . 
 he 's standing beside goll now , as is lorcan . 
 connla watches us with mild interest , lying on his back . 
 bran still sleeps . 
 drust nods towards the edge of the cliff . 
 `` old creatures reside beneath our feet . 
 they are maybe the only true beings of old magic left in the world . 
 they can tell us where to find the tunnel between this world and the demonata 's . 
 now stay back and keep quiet-this is a delicate business and we need to concentrate . '' 
 drust faces me again . 
 `` remove your clothes , '' he says , and though i feel uneasy , i do as he commands . 
 `` we 're going to walk to the edge of the cliff , then step off . 
 before that , we 'll cast two spells . 
 one will let us hold our breath for several minutes . 
 the other will keep us warm-the water 's extremely cold . '' 
 `` but ... the fall ... i ca n't swim ... the rocks ... '' i stammer . 
 `` you have nothing to fear , '' drust says . 
 he takes hold of my right hand . 
 `` i 'll be with you . 
 i 'll guide you . 
 as long as you cast the spells correctly and do n't panic , you 'll be fine . '' 
 `` but how will we get back up ? '' 
 `` climb , '' he says , then laughs at my incredulous expression . 
 `` it 's easier than it sounds . 
 trust me . 
 you 're no good to me dead . 
 i 'll not see you come to harm . '' 
 `` you left me for the demons tonight , '' i mutter . 
 `` aye , '' he agrees . 
 `` but i thought i 'd perish if i went back for you . 
 it was better that one of us survive than none at all . 
 but i need you , bec . 
 if you 'd died , i 'd have had to search for another apprentice . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` why am i so important to you ? '' 
 `` you 'll find out soon , '' drust promises , then turns to face the edge of the cliff . 
 `` will you do this with me ? 
 take my word that the future of your land and people rests upon it ? '' 
 i do n't want to . 
 but we 've come too far , faced too many dangers , and lost too many friends to stop now . 
 i start walking , drust beside me . 
 we mutter spells , warming ourselves , holding our breath and extending it . 
 behind us the others watch-except bran-unsure of what to expect . 
 we reach the edge . 
 the waves are rough below , smashing into the rocks of the cliff , tearing themselves to pieces along the length of the jutland . 
 it looks like the mouth into the otherworld . 
 only a fool could stare down and not feel fear . 
 and only someone far beyond ordinary foolishness would even think for a moment of leaping into that roaring , forbidding abyss . 
 i look up quickly at drust , starting to unlock the breathing spell , to tell him i 've changed my mind , this is madness , i 'm not going to do it . 
 but before i can , drust hops forward . 
 his fingers are tight around mine . 
 he drags me after him . 
 i fall . 
 the land disappears behind me . 
 i plummet into darkness ... violent roaring ... into terror and certain death . 
 the fall does n't last as long as i thought it would . 
 a couple of seconds , surely no longer . 
 then the collision . 
 our feet hit hard . 
 we shoot underwater . 
 my teeth shake in my jaw , threatening to snap loose and burst up into my brain . 
 even with the warming spell , the water is colder than anything i 've experienced . 
 dark down here , much darker than the night world above . 
 we slow . 
 water presses tight around me . 
 i feel the swell of the waves . 
 inside my head i see myself being smashed against the rocks . 
 i start to panic , to kick defensively against the rocks-which must be close-breaking for the surface so i can scream . 
 drust 's fingers squeeze mine . 
 pain forces me to ignore the cold and dark . 
 i try to wrench my hand free but drust squeezes again . 
 then a light flares and his face is next to mine . 
 his eyes are furious , warning me to stop struggling , to obey his commands . 
 i go limp and drust relaxes his grip . 
 the light is coming from his right hand , flames glowing dully despite being underwater . 
 that 's a spell i do n't know . 
 i wonder if i could do it . 
 while i 'm wondering , drust looks around , then moves slowly through the water . 
 he 's not swimming exactly , although his legs kick out softly behind him and his right arm sways to the left and right , guiding us . 
 a shoal of fish glides by , either not seeing us or unworried by our presence . 
 i watch them swish past , amazed , taking a moment to reflect on the strange twists my life has taken , the marvels i 've become part of . 
 so easy to take it for granted , but this is something no normal human was made to see . 
 the world of magic has blessed me with wonders and it 's only right to stop every now and then to appreciate them . 
 then-rock . 
 the cliff , studded with shells , draped with seaweed , jagged and immense . 
 drust is heading straight for it . 
 coming up fast . 
 he angles downwards . 
 it looks like we 're going to hit the rock and be torn to shreds , but at the last moment i spot a hole-the entrance to a tunnel . 
 we 're swept through the mouth of the tunnel . 
 i 'm not sure if magic propels us or the thrust of the tide . 
 we pass along smoothly , protected from the walls by the water and drust 's spell . 
 the light in drust 's hand fades , plunging us into total darkness . 
 for a while there 's just the rush and noise of the water . 
 i do n't feel afraid . 
 it 's oddly comforting . 
 it reminds me of when i was born , entering the world through the tunnel from my mother 's womb . 
 then there 's a glow ahead of us . 
 seconds later we 're out , shot into a pool of comparatively warm water . 
 we float to the surface , where drust pushes me on to land and crawls out after me . 
 he touches my lips and nods . 
 i stop the breathing spell and draw in a lungful of fresh air , shivering from the chill of the water . 
 drust stands and offers me his hand . 
 clutching it , i let him draw me to my feet . 
 he smiles at me when i 'm standing , then places a hand on my left shoulder . 
 heat flares within me and i dry quickly . 
 drust releases me and looks up . 
 i follow his gaze and gasp . 
 we 're in the middle of a huge cave . 
 i ca n't see the roof , it 's so far above us . 
 all around are thick stone pillars ... twenty ... thirty ... more . 
 and on each pillar-something . 
 i ca n't think of any other word to describe them . 
 slowly shifting shapes of coloured light , taller than ten men stacked one on top of the other , the colours changing as their shapes twist and swirl , casting a dim light which illuminates the massive cave . 
 there 's magic in these shapes , strong magic , but unlike any i 've felt before . 
 no ... that 's not true . 
 i have felt it a couple of times . 
 in the ring of stones when the demons were repelled . 
 and earlier tonight when lorcan 's axe melted . 
 `` what are they ? '' 
 i whisper . 
 `` old creatures , '' drust whispers back . 
 he 's smiling strangely , gazing at the lights as a child might regard a new toy . 
 `` the magicians of the ancient past . 
 the creators of land , life , maybe even the gods . 
 some say they came from the stars . 
 others that they are the stars , or at least their worldly forms . '' 
 he walks forward , then around in a slow circle , studying each pillar and shape . 
 most of the pillars boast scores of old etchings , but not like those found on ogham stones . 
 these are long , complicated signs . 
 if they represent words , the language must be much more complicated than ours . 
 `` nobody knows how many there were , '' drust says as he walks . 
 `` maybe thousands . 
 this world was theirs . 
 a playpen ... a breeding ground ... an experiment ? 
 we can only guess . 
 most have moved on , taken their magic with them , returned to the stars or wherever they came from . 
 or maybe they 've died . 
 we 're not sure . 
 the old creatures communicated openly with our ancestors , but they 've been silent for several generations . 
 `` many druids mourned the passing of our original masters and begged them to stay , to help us protect this world from the threat of the demonata , to teach us more of the wonders and magic of the stars . 
 but even the old creatures must obey the laws of the universe . 
 and those laws state that for everything there is a time . 
 nothing remains unchanged forever . '' 
 he stops before one of the shapes and stares up at it . 
 reaches out , then draws his hand back , fingers twitching . 
 `` i was told that when the final old creature leaves this world , all life will fade , all lands will fall , everything will turn to dust and blow away in the savage winds which will lash the world in their wake . 
 but i do n't believe that . 
 i think if they created this world and all its beings-especially us-they created it with love . 
 maybe they 've created others , and will create more worlds later , a string of them throughout the universe . 
 they give birth , help us through our infancy , then move on , leaving us to our own devices , maybe returning in the far-off future to see how we 've fared . 
 one day our descendants might be like them-mothers and fathers of worlds and life ... '' he trails to a halt . 
 his words are strange , hard for me to understand . 
 i 've never heard anyone speak of such things before . 
 my head 's spinning as i try to see the universe as drust imagines it , speckled with beings greater than gods . 
 and then one of the shapes-or all of them together-speaks . 
 `` why have you come ? '' 
 the accent is all the accents i 've ever heard . 
 the words are both lyrical and flat . 
 loud and soft . 
 coming from within my head and all around . 
 warm and comforting . 
 no malice or threat . 
 only tired curiosity . 
 `` to seek answers , '' drust says , bowing his head . 
 `` i know it 's bold to ask , to disturb you when you wish for peace , but - '' '' - these are troubling times , '' the voice finishes . 
 a pause . 
 `` the demonata have crossed . 
 we were not aware of it . 
 but it was not unexpected . 
 they have always been a threat and always will be . 
 the battle between demons and humans must be fought over and over , until they defeat you . '' 
 `` or we defeat them ? '' 
 drust says hopefully . 
 `` no , '' the voice says . 
 `` the demonata are creatures of pure magic . 
 their power is beyond that of humanity . 
 that is something no force can change . 
 in the past we protected humans and prevented demonic incursions . 
 but we must move on . 
 we can not stay and repulse the demon hordes indefinitely . '' 
 `` but you can help us stop this current assault , '' drust groans , voice laced with more than a hint of desperation . 
 he looks up and his eyes are red . 
 i realise he 's crying . 
 `` you can show me the location of the tunnel entrance . 
 you can tell me how to close it . '' 
 another pause . 
 then the voice says , `` our time here is almost at an end , but while we remain , we will assist , as we always have . '' 
 one of the shapes contracts and changes colour , becoming green , brown , grey , blue . 
 it takes on the form of land , only much smaller than real land . 
 i have n't seen one of these before but i know what it is . 
 `` a map , '' i mutter . 
 `` aye , '' drust says , studying the map eagerly , reading it in ways i can not . 
 to the right there 's a shining dot , the size of my smallest nail . 
 `` that 's where the tunnel entrance lies ? '' 
 drust asks . 
 `` it is . '' 
 `` that 's not so far . '' 
 drust looks excited . 
 `` we can be there in eight or nine days if we march hard . '' 
 `` indeed . '' 
 the map changes and the shape resumes its original , ever-shifting form . 
 `` but you do not have such temporal luxury . '' 
 drust frowns . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` the demonata gather , '' the voice says . 
 `` we can sense them now that we have focused . 
 they press and rip at the fabric of this universe . 
 in two days and nights the first demon masters will cross . '' 
 drust 's face turns a sickly grey colour . 
 `` no ! 
 they ca n't ! 
 not when we 're so close ! 
 we have to stop them ! 
 you must help us ! '' 
 `` we can not , '' the voice says . 
 `` we are confined here and our powers are fading fast . 
 from this place , in our condition , we can not speed you on your way . '' 
 `` but ... '' drust drops to his knees . 
 `` we 're damned then ? 
 there 's no hope ? '' 
 `` there is always hope , '' the voice answers . 
 `` you have two days and nights . '' 
 `` but we ca n't move that quickly , even with magic , '' drust complains . 
 `` you must find a way , '' the voice says . 
 `` or perish . '' 
 drust nods bitterly , getting his emotions under control . 
 when he addresses the old creatures again , he speaks neutrally . 
 `` if we make it in time , we can close the tunnel ? '' 
 `` you can , '' the voice says . 
 `` but you already knew the answer to that question . '' 
 drust looks sideways at me , then licks his lips . 
 `` aye , '' he croaks . 
 `` but i hoped ... i thought there might be other ways . '' 
 `` no , '' the voice says . 
 `` there is only one . '' 
 `` so be it , '' drust says , even more stone-faced than usual . 
 `` will she suffice ? 
 a demon master worked a charm on her . 
 she has not been warped by his touch ? '' 
 `` no , '' the voice says . 
 `` actually , without it she would not have been suitable . '' 
 drust looks puzzled . 
 `` do you know why - '' he begins , but i interrupt before he finishes , unable to hold my tongue any longer . 
 `` pardon me , '' i say , my voice trembling , `` but how can we close the tunnel ? 
 what 's my part in this ? '' 
 `` quiet ! '' 
 drust snaps . 
 `` you have no right to speak ! 
 this place is - '' `` peace , '' the voice cuts in gently but firmly . 
 `` all who come before us have the right to be heard . 
 the girl has asked a question . 
 it will be answered . '' 
 `` but i only brought her to make sure she was pure ! '' 
 drust shouts . 
 `` she has no - '' the rock beneath our feet shudders . 
 it 's all the warning drust requires . 
 he closes his mouth and hangs his head . 
 `` the tunnel between your universe and the demonata 's has been created by a human magician , '' the voice explains . 
 `` he must be eradicated for the tunnel to be closed , but that spell requires a sacrifice . '' 
 `` a human sacrifice ? '' 
 i guess . 
 the old creatures fall silent and i get the sense that they wo n't talk to us again . 
 drust senses it too and prepares to leave in a hurry without asking any further questions . 
 once we 've recast the breathing and warming spells , he takes my hand-without looking me in the eye-and we jump into the pool , sink , then return through the tunnel . 
 i thought we 'd move slower this time , because the force of the water is against us , but it 's exactly the same as before . 
 shooting out of the tunnel , we rise to the surface , where we hang , bobbing up and down with the swell of the waves . 
 i do n't break my breathing spell-the water is still foaming over my head . 
 with his free hand , drust points at the cliff face . 
 i think he 's mad-there 's no way we can make the cliff safely or climb it even if we could-but i do n't argue as he guides us towards it , opposing the pull and cut of the waves . 
 we move on the surface of the sea as we moved below , propelled by magic , not swimming , but gliding like seabirds across the surf . 
 the wind and waves lash us angrily , as though enraged by our ability to defy them . 
 closer to the lethal screen of the cliff ... closer ... almost upon it . 
 one more sweep of a wave and i 'll be able to reach out and touch it . 
 we come to a stop and hang calmly in the water , rising and falling with the swell of the waves , but not moving towards or away from the cliff . 
 drust puts his free hand on mine and moves it forward until i make contact with the rock . 
 he then nudges my other hand up beside it and releases both at the same time . 
 as soon as he lets go , the wind and waves bite at me , trying to rip me loose . 
 i cling to the cliff by my fingertips and scream , shattering the breathing spell . 
 then drust 's arm is around me and he 's shouting in my ear , `` climb ! 
 keep going ! 
 do n't look down ! '' 
 `` i 'll fall ! '' 
 i shriek . 
 `` i 'll drown ! '' 
 `` you will if you do n't climb ! '' 
 he bellows , digging his chin hard into my neck . 
 since i 've no choice but to climb and risk death or stay and die for certain , i push my left hand up , searching for a handhold . 
 after a second or two i find one and rest a moment , face turned away from the spray of the waves . 
 then i move my right hand up . 
 my feet follow automatically , scrabbling for toeholds . 
 drust keeps his hand on me , steadying me by placing pressure on my shoulder , then my back , my bottom , my legs , finally my feet . 
 when i move out of reach , he shouts at me to stop , then climbs up after me until we 're level . 
 then it 's my turn to lead again . 
 that 's how we progress , a small stretch of cliff at a time , dragging our way up , defying the angry howls of the sea , disturbing seagulls in their slumber . 
 drust only uses magic when i slip , to keep me hanging in the air momentarily , so that i can grab hold of a piece of rock again . 
 i look down once and immediately wish i had n't . 
 `` we 'll never make it , '' i sob , feeling my strength ebb away , certain i 'll collapse soon , not even able to keep myself going with magic . 
 `` we will , '' drust replies stubbornly , then pinches me to get me moving again . 
 finally , when i 've started to think this is a nightmare from which i 'll never awake , we make it to the top and friendly hands pull us over the edge of the cliff , then carry us to our clothes . 
 fiachna has to help me slip into mine-my fingers are too numb to grasp and manipulate the material . 
 they ask what happened , where we 've been , how we survived , what we saw . 
 they were sure we 'd drowned . 
 their excitement at finding us alive makes them babble like children . 
 drust ignores the questions and pulls on his robes . 
 i ignore them as well , too exhausted to provide answers . 
 when we 're fully dressed , the clothes deliriously warm on my cold-blue skin , drust tells the others we need some time on our own . 
 he marches me along the cliff to where a jutting rock shelters us from the wind . 
 settling behind it , drust starts a fire using magic , makes it expand so the flames are three times their normal size , then sits staring into the heart of the blaze , saying nothing . 
 `` why did n't you tell me ? '' 
 i say eventually when i 'm warm enough to speak . 
 `` i could n't , '' he replies . 
 `` you would n't have come with me . 
 `` i might . '' 
 `` no . 
 you would n't have trusted me . 
 nor would the others . '' 
 `` so you were going to keep it secret ? '' 
 i snort . 
 `` not tell me until we got to the tunnel , then kill me without asking ? '' 
 `` aye . '' 
 he looks at me sideways , torn between arrogance and shame . 
 `` that 's part of the reason i was so hard on you to begin with . 
 yes , i needed to bring your magic out-you were n't powerful enough the way you were . 
 but i also did n't want to get close to you because i knew i 'd have to ... '' he stops and looks at the fire again . 
 `` was there another magician with you when you first set off ? '' 
 i ask . 
 he nods . 
 `` an apprentice . 
 no grown druid would accompany me . 
 as i told you before , they have no love for christians and will be quite pleased if the demonata take over this land . 
 but i found an apprentice who was born here , whose family still live on these shores . 
 he was happy to lay down his life if necessary . '' 
 `` if ? '' 
 i sneer . 
 `` you told him it might not be ? '' 
 drust blushes . 
 `` i said there might be other ways . 
 it was n't a total lie . 
 until i asked the old creatures , i still hoped ... '' he trails off into silence . 
 `` is it truly the only way ? '' 
 i murmur after a while . 
 `` so the old creatures said , '' he sighs . 
 `` they could n't be wrong ? '' 
 he shakes his head . 
 `` then we must go there and you must kill me , '' i mutter , and his neck practically snaps as his head lifts sharply . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he gasps . 
 `` if that 's the only way to close the tunnel , we must do it . '' 
 `` you mean you 'll let me ... '' he stops and scratches his head . 
 `` why ? 
 now that you know , you do n't have to come . 
 you can flee , sail for safe lands to the east . 
 with your power , you could become a priestess of high standing or even a druid . 
 there 's never been a female druid , but you can control male magic , so perhaps you 'd be the first . 
 you do n't have to stay-or die . '' 
 i stare at him as if he 's insane . 
 `` but the tunnel would remain open , '' i say slowly . 
 `` the demon masters would cross . 
 they 'd kill everyone , then make them walk around as undead slaves . 
 i ca n't let that happen . '' 
 `` even if it means your own death ? '' 
 drust asks . 
 `` of course . '' 
 i frown . 
 `` why do you ask me this ? 
 you feel the same way . 
 otherwise why come on this quest and risk your life ? '' 
 he shifts uncomfortably . 
 `` my reasons are not the same as yours . 
 these are n't my people , so i do n't really care whether they live or die . 
 and i never planned to perish . 
 the risks were high but i hoped-still hope-to get out of here alive . 
 but if you go on , it 's to certain death , one way or the other . 
 how can you do that ? '' 
 `` how can i not ? '' 
 i reply simply . 
 `` one life is nothing when measured against thousands . 
 i 'd give it a dozen times over to save the lives of those i care about . '' 
 `` and those you do n't know , who mean nothing to you ? '' 
 `` aye . '' 
 drust chuckles darkly . 
 `` a teacher of mine once said we druids knew nothing of ordinary people , that we 'd been apart from them so long , we could n't understand them anymore . 
 i did n't agree , but i see now that he was wiser than me . 
 your way of thinking is opposite to ours . 
 no druid would throw away his life to save others . 
 some let themselves be sacrificed when they believe it will lead to greater power in the otherworld . 
 but i know none who 'd offer themselves as you have . '' 
 `` then they 're fools , '' i tell him . 
 `` a single person is nothing . 
 only the clan matters . '' 
 drust shakes his head again . 
 `` so different , '' he mumbles , then looks at me with fresh respect . 
 `` very well , bec . 
 our quest continues , even though i believe it 's doomed and we wo n't make the tunnel in time . 
 but if we do , you know what must be done ? '' 
 `` aye . '' 
 `` you 'll accept my guidance , follow my orders , let me kill you ? '' 
 a short pause . 
 then , softly but firmly , `` aye . '' 
 `` you are a true hero . '' 
 he smiles wanly . 
 `` now get some sleep , little girl . 
 we must leave as soon as possible , but we 're in no condition to march tonight . 
 we 'll wait for morning , then make our way east as quickly as we can . '' 
 `` is it all right if i sleep with the others ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` you 're tired of my company ? '' 
 before i can answer , he grunts , `` of course . 
 they 're your people . 
 spend as much time with them as you wish . '' 
 `` thank you . '' 
 i rise and make my way around the rock , bowing my head against the wind . 
 as i round the rock there 's a noise , like hooves skittering over grass . 
 i glance up but the wind and rain are in my eyes and it 's a few seconds before i can see clearly . 
 when i look , there 's nothing nearby . 
 i do n't worry about it as i tramp back to camp-nothing can harm us here-but i wonder . 
 because if it was n't my imagination , it was probably just a rabbit or fox . 
 but it might have been a human-one who could move very , very fast ... when i 'm back with the group , i ask bran if he was listening to what drust and i were saying . 
 the boy smiles foolishly , as he normally does , and gabbles a few meaningless words . 
 i feel uneasy about it as i settle down to sleep . 
 then bran snuggles up beside me for warmth and murmurs , `` flower , '' under his breath as he folds his arms around me . 
 i laugh at myself , misgivings vanishing . 
 it probably was n't bran i heard when i was coming back , only a wild animal . 
 and even if it was him , what of it ? 
 we 've nothing to fear from bran . 
 what harm could a poor , innocent , muddled boy like him do ? 
 drust addresses us early in the morning . 
 he says the location of the tunnel has been revealed to him but does n't mention the fact that i have to be sacrificed to close it . 
 then he outlines our main problem . 
 `` the tunnel lies to the east of your village , '' he says . 
 `` a march of at least a week , probably longer . 
 but we only have two days and nights . 
 then the demon masters will break through and we 're finished . 
 it will be too late to repair the damage . '' 
 `` then we 've lost , '' goll says softly . 
 `` we came too late . '' 
 `` probably , '' drust agrees . 
 `` but we have to try . 
 we 'll push on as quickly as we can . 
 run in bursts . 
 use boats or rafts on rivers and streams where possible . 
 and pray to the gods that the demons encounter some unexpected delay . '' 
 `` what about magic ? '' 
 fiachna asks . 
 `` ca n't you use that to make us go quicker ? '' 
 he 's had a hard night . 
 the demon poison from the bite has spread and the whole of his upper body is an ugly purple colour . 
 he has the shakes and is sweating badly . 
 i tried to cure him , without success . 
 i asked drust if he could help but he said this was n't something he had any knowledge of . 
 `` there are spells which would allow us to run much faster , '' drust says . 
 `` but they 're incredibly tiring . 
 they 'd let us push our bodies to their limits , but we could easily pass those limits without knowing and drop dead . 
 if it was a matter of a day or two 's march , i 'd risk it . 
 but the distance is too great . 
 when we 're closer , we 'll gamble . 
 but not now . '' 
 `` what if you cast the spell on only a few of us ? '' 
 lorcan asks . 
 `` we could provide rides for the rest of you . '' 
 drust blinks . 
 `` use you as horses ? '' 
 he says , astonished . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 the teenager shrugs . 
 `` we 'll die anyway if the demons break through . 
 bec and bran are too small , and fiachna 's in no shape to carry anyone , but the rest of us could - '' `` not me ! '' 
 connla barks . 
 `` i 'm not running myself dead for that damn druid ! '' 
 `` you 'd rather perish at the hands of demons ? '' 
 goll asks coolly . 
 `` i wo n't - '' connla starts to shout , then stops and growls . 
 `` i mean , i 'd rather take my chances with the monsters . 
 i trust them more than this one . 
 you know where you stand with demons . '' 
 `` you 're a fool , '' goll says bluntly , then faces drust . 
 `` even without our young king , lorcan and i could carry you and bec . 
 and bran could keep up , the speed he runs at . 
 it means leaving fiachna behind , but he 'll probably die soon anyway . '' 
 he grins bleakly at fiachna . 
 `` sorry for being so blunt . '' 
 `` do n't worry about it , '' fiachna wheezes , grinning back . 
 `` maybe lorcan does n't want to carry me , '' i say quietly , recalling his outburst the night before . 
 lorcan grumbles something , then raises his voice but keeps his eyes lowered . 
 `` i was upset about losing ronan . 
 i reacted savagely and said things i did n't mean . 
 i beg your pardon . '' 
 `` you do n't need to , '' i smile . 
 lorcan looks up , returns my smile , then squints at drust . 
 `` well ? 
 will it work ? '' 
 `` i 'm not sure , '' drust says and does some quick calculations . 
 `` we could cover maybe half the distance in a day if we did it your way-but only if you ran non-stop , which would certainly mean your deaths . '' 
 `` never mind that , '' goll snorts . 
 `` if we get you halfway , it leaves you with a three - or four-day march . 
 if you walk by night as well as day ... '' `` we still wo n't be quick enough , '' drust mutters . 
 `` bec and i could use magic to run faster after you died , but we 'd have to rest often , to arrive fit enough to cast our spells . 
 it would take at least two days , making three in total . 
 the demon masters will have crossed by then . '' 
 `` but we 've more hope this way , '' lorcan notes . 
 `` so we 'll have to chance it . 
 aye ? '' 
 `` if you 're willing to make that sacrifice , '' drust says slowly , `` then ... aye . '' 
 `` you 're mad , '' connla sneers . 
 `` you 'll kill yourselves for nothing instead of doing the wise thing . '' 
 `` and what 's that ? '' 
 goll enquires with all the sweetness of a bat 's bite . 
 connla points west . 
 `` we 're on the coast , fools ! 
 find a boat . 
 set sail . 
 get out of here before the demons slaughter you all . '' 
 goll shakes his head . 
 `` i never had a high opinion of you but i would n't have expected this . 
 flee when there 's a chance to save those we left behind ? 
 run when there 's a war to be fought ? 
 i do n't believe you 're of our people . 
 i think conn reared a changeling . '' 
 `` is that so ? '' 
 connla growls , drawing his sword . 
 `` well , watch closely , old man , while this changeling rips your guts out and - '' `` run fast ! '' 
 the shout jolts us all . 
 bran roared it at the top of his voice , which is louder than anyone expected . 
 lorcan , who was closest to him , has covered his ears with his hands and is grimacing . 
 the strange boy from the crannog is glaring at us , hands on hips . 
 `` run fast , '' he repeats , stiffly this time , looking from one of us to the other like a brehon passing judgement on a pack of bickering complainants . 
 then he points at the scraggly pony in the distance-it survived the night-and says , in a tone which brooks no argument , `` bubbly ! '' 
 then he takes off , running as swiftly as he can , becoming a fast-moving speck within seconds . 
 we stare after bran , bewildered , then at each other . 
 the heat of the moment has dwindled away and those who were arguing look embarrassed . 
 `` where do you think he 's going ? '' 
 fiachna asks of no one in particular . 
 `` that boy 's a mystery even to himself , '' drust answers , then sighs and looks at lorcan and goll . 
 `` but we ca n't wait here to wonder about him . 
 if we 're to set off as agreed , it 's best we start now . 
 if both of you are still sure ... '' goll and lorcan nod . 
 drust beckons them forward . 
 i see his lips move as he begins to cast a spell . 
 `` wait . '' 
 i step between the warriors and drust , my eyes on the far-off form of bran . 
 `` i think we should leave it a while . '' 
 `` bec , i know you care about us ... '' goll begins but i shake my head . 
 `` it 's not that . 
 i think bran has a plan . 
 he can help us . '' 
 `` how ? '' 
 drust frowns . 
 `` by being bubbly ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 but my instinct tells me we should wait . 
 we can march but we should n't cast any spells . 
 not until we see what bran 's up to . '' 
 `` and if he 's up to nothing ? '' 
 drust asks . 
 `` if he 's simply running around for the sake of it , or because we upset him ? 
 if he never returns ? '' 
 `` i ca n't answer that . 
 i do n't know . 
 i just think it would be a mistake to use our magic now . '' 
 drust studies me in silence , troubled . 
 the others are staring at me too , but it 's clear from their expressions that they 'll leave this decision to the druid . 
 `` so be it , '' drust huffs , then laughs . 
 `` i must be as mad as the boy , but i 'll go with your instinct . 
 we 'll leave the magic for a while . 
 i 'm not setting a time limit but if i start to feel he 's a lost cause , that 's that . 
 agreed ? '' 
 i nod reluctantly and mutter a quick prayer under my breath that i 'm not wrong about the brain-addled bran . 
 we make good early progress , me riding piggyback on lorcan . 
 but fiachna finds it hard to keep the pace . 
 it 's clear we 'll have to leave him behind soon , to die alone in the wilderness . 
 my heart weeps at the thought , as i remember my childish dreams of putting magic behind me and becoming his wife . 
 but dreams are dreams and reality 's reality . 
 few , if any , of us are going to survive the next few days . 
 we ca n't be foolish about this . 
 if fiachna ca n't keep up , he must be abandoned . 
 as i 'm thinking that , fiachna stumbles-goll has been half-supporting him-then slumps to the ground and rests , massaging his neck , which is pure purple . 
 `` i 'm finished , '' he says quietly . 
 `` leave me . '' 
 `` we could ... if you want ... '' goll mumbles , touching the hilt of his sword . 
 `` no . '' 
 fiachna smiles weakly . 
 `` i 'd rather lie here , watch the clouds drift across the sky and die in my own , natural time . 
 it 's peaceful . '' 
 `` but the pain ? '' 
 goll enquires . 
 `` not so bad , '' fiachna says . 
 `` it was worse in the night . 
 the fire 's turned to ice . 
 it still hurts but i can bear it . '' 
 `` very well . '' 
 goll salutes the blacksmith . 
 lorcan salutes too and so does connla , though his salute is quick and disinterested . 
 drust spreads his hands over fiachna . 
 `` i will pray for your spirit . 
 and , if we succeed , i 'll tell people of your bravery and the debt they owe you . '' 
 `` thank you . '' 
 fiachna coughs , then shudders . 
 i kneel beside him . 
 a few weeks ago i would have fought not to cry . 
 but now i let tears flow freely . 
 i do n't care how i 'm supposed to behave . 
 i 'll miss fiachna dreadfully and i want him to know that . 
 `` i could ... if there 's anything ... i wish ... '' i ca n't find suitable words . 
 in the end i abandon speech , throw my arms around fiachna and kiss him fully , a kiss between a woman and a man . 
 it 's the first time i 've ever kissed someone this way . 
 it will also probably be the last . 
 fiachna smiles when i break the embrace . 
 `` i had my eye on you for a few years , little one . 
 if you had n't been a priestess ... '' he touches my left cheek with cold , trembling fingers . 
 `` perhaps in the otherworld ? '' 
 `` i 'll pray for it , '' i sob , then rise and stumble away , wiping tears from my cheeks , not looking back for fear i 'd crumble completely and beg to stay with him . 
 there 's no time for that . 
 he must die by himself on this miserable day if we are to press on and prevent many more from dying soon after . 
 i hear lorcan ask , `` do you need a weapon ? '' 
 fiachna replies , `` no . 
 i have my knife . 
 if i 'm not dead by nightfall , and the demons come , that will take care of the job . '' 
 then i 'm gone . 
 the others soon come after me-connla among them , although i half-expected him to part from us here-our ranks lessened by the fall of yet one more much-loved friend . 
 an hour later . 
 jogging steadily . 
 silent , thoughts heavy , wondering if fiachna has succumbed to the disease yet or is still clinging on . 
 then noises from the far side of a hill . 
 like the growing sound of thunder , only coming from the ground , not the sky . 
 we look around , puzzled . 
 then connla gasps , `` horses ! '' 
 moments later they appear , galloping over the hill , seven of them . 
 six are bareback . 
 on the seventh , a rider-bran ! 
 he laughs as the horses surge around us and come to a stop . 
 he hops off and beams , pointing to the steeds . 
 `` bubbly , '' he says proudly . 
 `` run fast ! '' 
 `` i do n't believe it ! '' 
 goll howls with delight . 
 `` will the spells work on them ? '' 
 i ask drust quickly . 
 `` aye . '' 
 he smiles softly with wonder . 
 `` and they can run much quicker than we could . 
 we 'll be able to rest them every few hours and still make great time . '' 
 `` enough ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` will we get to the tunnel before ... ? '' 
 `` possibly , '' drust says . 
 `` but let 's not waste precious minutes talking about it . 
 mount up ! '' 
 as goll puts me atop one of the smaller horses-i 've never been on one before , so i 'm nervous-and the other men mount theirs , bran looks for fiachna . 
 `` drust , '' i call , then nod backwards . 
 `` could we ... ? '' 
 `` there 's no point , '' drust says as kindly as he can . 
 `` whether he dies on the ground or on horseback , he 'll surely die , if he has n't already . '' 
 i think about that and how hard it would be to bid fiachna farewell a second time . 
 i nod sadly , shedding a few-fresh tears . 
 `` do you want a horse ? '' 
 goll grunts at connla . 
 the arrogant warrior stares back haughtily . 
 `` why would n't i ? '' 
 `` i thought , from what you said earlier , you might have other plans . 
 you do n't need a horse to get to the coast or hunt for a boat . '' 
 connla sneers . 
 `` i never said i was leaving . 
 i simply said it would be the wise thing for the rest of you to do . 
 i 'm not one for running away from a challenge . '' 
 and , with goll staring at him in disbelief , he leaps up on one of the horse 's backs and sits there regally , looking calmer and more relaxed than any of us . 
 we move so fast , it 's as though we 're not really part of the world . 
 the horses push on at tremendous speeds without appearing to tire . 
 it 's only when we stop at drust 's command that they sweat and pant , trembling from exhaustion . 
 we rub them down to warm them , find water for the beasts to drink and let them graze for a while . 
 the others are keen to continue but drust says we must n't rush the horses . 
 `` i 'm keeping a close eye on the time , '' he snaps , irritated at being questioned . 
 `` this is my quest . 
 i 'm the one who knows what we can and ca n't do , when to race and when to rest . '' 
 while the horses are grazing , the druid approaches me . 
 `` i want you to ride beside me when we remount , '' he says . 
 `` i 'm going to teach you the spells needed to close the tunnel . '' 
 `` why ? 
 i thought you were going to cast them . '' 
 `` i am . 
 but if anything should happen to me ... '' `` the old creatures said it would only work if a magician or priestess was sacrificed . '' 
 drust sighs . 
 `` aye . 
 but if the worst comes to the worst , you might as well try it on one of the others . 
 cast the spell-it 's complicated but i think you 'll be able to master it-then pick someone for sacrifice ... '' he hesitates , gaze flickering over my friends . 
 it comes to rest on bran . 
 `` no , '' i say instantly . 
 `` he 's a kind of magician , '' drust says . 
 `` of the four , he 'd be most suitable . 
 you 'd stand a better chance with him than - '' `` no , '' i say again . 
 `` goll or lorcan would give their lives willingly-maybe even connla , though i doubt it-but bran would n't understand . 
 he could n't make a choice . 
 i wo n't kill someone who does n't know what 's being asked of him . '' 
 `` i 'm not so sure he would n't understand , '' drust murmurs . 
 `` but if he did n't , would n't that be for the best ? 
 you could do it quickly , mercifully . 
 he need n't even know what 's happening . '' 
 i shake my head stubbornly . 
 `` if i have to , i 'll ask one of the others . 
 but i wo n't murder bran . '' 
 `` even knowing the consequences if we fail ? '' 
 drust asks menacingly . 
 `` even then , '' i mutter . 
 `` there are certain things we should never do . 
 otherwise we 'll become like the demons-mere monsters , best suited to the dark . '' 
 drust shrugs sourly . 
 `` as you wish . 
 if luck is with us , it wo n't come to that . 
 but i thought i 'd make you aware of your options . 
 just in case . '' 
 he rises and shouts at bran to gather the horses-though they obey us when we 're on their backs , they revert to creatures of the wild when left to graze and only bran can get close to them . 
 soon we 're off , racing through a forest , drust riding beside me , teaching me the spells which will hopefully destroy the tunnel between this world and the demonata 's . 
 we rest several times over the course of the day . 
 the third time , one of the horses collapses and dies . 
 i ride with bran after that , my hands loose around his waist . 
 i can tell he enjoys having me behind him by the way he tilts his head back to nuzzle my cheek . 
 we stop for nightfall . 
 this time lorcan and goll do n't question drust 's judgement , but it 's plain from their worried expressions that they think we should press on . 
 drust sees this , and though he scowls , he takes the time to reassure them . 
 `` we made excellent progress today . 
 if we rest the horses tonight , we can push them hard tomorrow and arrive at the tunnel by afternoon . 
 if we continued now , they 'd die before dawn , leaving us to walk-we would n't make it on time . '' 
 many demons pass us during the night , snuffling and snorting , more than i 've ever seen before . 
 it must be because we 're so close to the tunnel through which they cross . 
 it 's hard masking the horses from the demons , but bran gathered them in a small circle before dusk and dozes in the middle of them , waking whenever one stirs , shushing them , keeping them motionless . 
 i do n't sleep . 
 i ca n't . 
 this is probably my last night alive . 
 it 's horrible , lying here , shivering with cold and fear , knowing what 's to come , thinking about death and all that i 'll lose . 
 why could n't i have fallen in battle , killed quickly , no time to worry about the otherworld and what i was leaving behind ? 
 this waiting is worse than death itself . 
 i have moments of doubt in the middle of the night , when the world is a lonely place . 
 i could run . 
 desert with connla . 
 i 'm not sure why he 's stuck with us this long . 
 he could have left when we were at the coast or when bran brought the horses . 
 he said he was n't one to flee a challenge but maybe it 's just that he fears running by himself , with no one to watch his back . 
 if i said i 'd go with him , i 'm certain he 'd jump at the chance . 
 with his strength and standing , allied to my magical abilities , we could be a mighty pair . 
 set ourselves up as rulers of some far-off tuath . 
 connla a king , me a priestess-queen . 
 all-powerful . 
 it 's tempting . 
 i know my duty and i believe my suffering will be brief , that i 'll find peace in the otherworld . 
 but in my heart i 'm a young girl , afraid of the darkness of death , wanting to grow up and see more of the world , taste more of life . 
 i cry quietly to myself , thinking of the terrible sacrifice i must make , the joys i will never know , the love i 'll now definitely never find . 
 part of me wants to slither across to connla , put my offer to him , then leap on a horse and ride out of this nightmare as fast as i can . 
 but i do n't . 
 duty wins out over fear in the end . 
 i ca n't stop the shivers or the fast beat of my heart , but i can wipe away tears and hold my ground . 
 and i do . 
 i hate the prospect of dying and i 'm more afraid than i ever thought i could be . 
 but if this is my destiny ... if it 's what the gods ask of me ... so be it . 
 better to die for my people in my own land than rule in another and suffer a lifetime of cowardly guilt . 
 many of the demons return in the hour before dawn , some bearing trophies of their battles with humans-heads , limbs , torsos , sometimes children who are still alive , kicking and screaming in terror . 
 it 's hard to ignore the cries of the young but there 's nothing we can do without giving our position away . 
 if we did that , the demons would attack in great and unmerciful force and we 'd all perish . 
 `` they 'll be the last , '' drust whispers , his eyes hard . 
 `` after tomorrow , no more will die at the hands of the demonata . '' 
 `` you promise ? '' 
 i ask , my fears and doubts causing me to question him , desperately searching his face for a hint of the lie that would provide me with an excuse to bail out . 
 `` i promise , '' drust says calmly . 
 `` it wo n't be easy , but having come this far i 'm sure we wo n't fail . '' 
 he pauses . 
 `` you 're still prepared to ... ? '' 
 `` of course ! '' 
 i snap , pretending to be offended by the notion that i might have had second thoughts . 
 he lays a gentle hand on my right knee . 
 `` it will be quick . 
 it wo n't hurt . 
 you have my word . '' 
 i shrug as if that was the furthest thing from my thoughts , then listen to the demons crashing by and try to drown out the echoes of the children 's screams . 
 day . 
 the order of the world restored . 
 my final sun . 
 fittingly , it 's obscured by heavy grey clouds . 
 i 've heard that clouds are rare in some lands , that the sun shines all day in a clear blue sky . 
 but surely those are fanciful tales , told for the amusement of the young . 
 this world was made to be cloaked in grey . 
 it would n't feel natural if the sun shone brightly all the time . 
 drust examines the horses and declares one of them unfit for the trek . 
 we let it go and after a few mumbles from bran it wanders off to find a good grazing spot . 
 perhaps it will be the only survivor of our group this day . 
 before we leave , drust makes a final speech , looking around slowly , his gaze lingering on each of us in turn , first connla , then lorcan , goll , bran and me . 
 `` i 've acted as if i do n't care about you . 
 in the beginning it was true . 
 you were figures for me to manipulate , like pieces on my chess board . 
 i did n't care if you lived or died . 
 i could n't afford to . 
 `` but i 've changed . 
 i was n't aware of it happening but it did . 
 i think of you as friends now . 
 you 've been loyal and brave , putting the welfare of others before your own , risking all on the strength of my promise to rid this world of demons . 
 `` so i say to you now , as friends-you can leave . 
 only bec and i need go on . 
 if our plan works , there wo n't be any battle . 
 if something goes wrong and we have to fight , the chances are you wo n't make much difference against the masses of demons . 
 you can step aside and return home without any shame or guilt . '' 
 he stops and awaits the men 's response . 
 `` a gracious offer , '' goll says warmly , `` but i 'll stay . 
 i want to see how it finishes , so i can tell those in our tuath and bask in the glory . 
 i 've always wanted to be part of a legend ! '' 
 `` me too , '' lorcan says . 
 `` besides , i want to kill a few more demons before you banish them from our land . 
 for ronan . '' 
 we all look at connla . 
 `` i 'm going nowhere , '' he says quietly , defiantly . 
 drust smiles . 
 `` true warriors one and all . '' 
 he puts a hand out and , one by one , we touch it , until all of us are joined , even bran , who squints at the hands as if he expects a trick . 
 `` to the end , '' drust says simply . 
 `` to the end , '' we repeat . 
 `` of the demons ! '' 
 goll adds and we laugh . 
 then we mount up-drust rides with bran , while i sit behind lorcan-and set off . 
 our final journey . 
 our final challenge . 
 my final day . 
 working on the spells of closure . 
 not one spell but several . 
 spells to join split rock back together , move earth , seal magical gaps . 
 the most difficult spells i 've ever tried to learn . 
 even with my vastly expanded powers i have trouble mastering them . 
 my tongue trips on the words . 
 despite my perfect memory , i get the order wrong and muddle them up . 
 drust does n't lose his temper . 
 he repeats the spells over and over , making me slowly practise the words and phrases which are particularly difficult . 
 `` this is helpful for me too , '' he says as we take a short break . 
 `` i 've never cast these spells before . 
 it 's good that i get the order straight within my mind and the words clear on my tongue . '' 
 `` if you ... if i have to replace you , '' i say . 
 `` when do i make the sacrifice ? '' 
 `` you 'll know when the time comes , '' he says . 
 `` the spells will direct you . 
 there is no single right moment . 
 these spells react to the threat which the caster faces , so they 're different each time . 
 even as you 're uttering them , they 'll change . 
 as long as you keep the original spells clear within your thoughts , and do n't stumble , you 'll be fine-the new spells will carry you along . '' 
 `` and if i make a mistake ? 
 should i stop and start again ? '' 
 `` no , '' he says quickly . 
 `` once you start , you must continue . 
 if you say a wrong word or stutter , do n't stop . 
 push on and hope the error was n't important . 
 there will be forces working in opposition to our magic . 
 once the demonata realise what we 're doing , they 'll set themselves against us . 
 the spells will protect us-i hope-but if they break down , a second is all it will take for our enemies to destroy us . '' 
 the tunnel . 
 the rent between this world and the demonata 's . 
 the passageway for demons . 
 the source of the nightmares . 
 we 're here . 
 it 's an hour or so before sunset . 
 we 've set the horses free and are on our knees , hiding behind bushes , studying the scene . 
 a hole in the ground ahead is the focal point . 
 the branches of the trees around it are thick with strips of cloth , bits of wood , bodies of the dead . 
 a solid ceiling , like the one around the ring of magical stones where we sheltered earlier , in what feels now like a separate age . 
 beneath the cover of the trees-hordes of demons . 
 most sleeping . 
 some fighting , playing with dead bodies , eating . 
 every disgusting shape and shade imaginable . 
 some undead too , but not many . 
 `` we 'll never get through them all , '' goll whispers . 
 `` i could create a diversion , '' lorcan suggests . 
 `` attack at one side and draw them away . 
 the rest of you could sneak in while they were dealing with me . '' 
 `` no , '' goll says . 
 `` that would n't work . 
 maybe bran could dance and lead them astray . '' 
 `` run fast , '' bran says , nodding vigorously . 
 `` too many , '' drust mutters . 
 `` not all would be lured away . '' 
 `` magic ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` a masking spell ? '' 
 drust nods . 
 `` that 's our best hope but we ca n't count on it . 
 these are superior to most of the demons we 've faced . 
 they 're some of the more powerful demons who have crossed , placed here by their masters to guard the opening . '' 
 `` then they might see through the spell , '' i note . 
 `` aye . 
 but we 'll have to risk it . 
 we 'll cast a strong spell over you , me and bran , then advance . 
 goll , lorcan and connla can attack at the same time , at different spots , to create distractions . '' 
 `` sounds good to me , '' goll says . 
 `` how about you , my fine young ... ? '' 
 he stops , brow furrowing as he stares at connla . 
 the vain warrior has cut the flesh of both his palms and is daubing his cheeks and forehead with blood , quietly muttering words which could be either a spell or a prayer . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 goll asks suspiciously . 
 connla finishes the spell or prayer , then smiles . 
 `` a bit of added protection . '' 
 `` that wo n't help , '' drust says . 
 `` we 'll see , '' connla chuckles , casually glancing over the top of the bush at the demons . 
 `` well , i 'm ready . 
 make up your minds , tell me what you want to do and on we 'll go . '' 
 drust regards connla with uneasy surprise . 
 some warriors are never afraid going into battle , but connla is n't one of them . 
 yet here he squats , more at peace than anyone , looking like a man with nothing to lose or no notion of losing . 
 `` you understand what we 're discussing ? '' 
 drust asks . 
 `` if you fight , you 'll die . 
 it will take time to cast the spells of closure . 
 the demons will kill you while we 're at work . '' 
 `` just worry about your magic , druid , '' connla laughs . 
 `` leave us to handle the fighting . '' 
 `` a man at last , '' goll remarks wryly , then faces drust . 
 `` so the three of us will attack the demons while you , bran and bec forge ahead on your own ? '' 
 drust hesitates , then abruptly changes his mind . 
 `` no . 
 some demons may have orders to stay by the entrance in case of an attack . 
 it might be better if we do n't give them advance warning . 
 we 'll stick together and push on as a group . 
 if they see through the spell , bec and i will make a dash for the hole and the rest of you can fight then . '' 
 `` we wo n't let you down , '' connla says grandly . 
 drust and i concentrate and draw upon our magic . 
 the night 's rest has done me a world of good , even though i did n't sleep . 
 i feel power bubbling up inside , stronger than ever . 
 when i cast the masking spell , i add a few twists to it , improvising , improving on the spell which drust taught me . 
 the druid feels the strength of the new spell . 
 he 's surprised , but follows my lead , and we carefully wrap our small group safely within it . 
 `` the spell will trail us , '' i tell drust when we 're finished . 
 `` we wo n't need to maintain it as we walk . 
 we can focus on the task ahead . '' 
 `` how did you manage that ? '' 
 he asks , slightly jealous . 
 i shrug . 
 `` it just came to me . '' 
 drust sighs . 
 `` such promise . 
 there 's so much you could do , maybe more than any magician has ever done . 
 i wish ... '' he stops and steels himself . 
 checks that everybody has a weapon to hand -lrb- except simple bran -rrb- . 
 then we push through the bush and enter the camp of the demonata . 
 the spell holds . 
 we edge through the demonic ranks , carefully stepping over tentacles and twisted limbs , ignoring the stench of rotting human bodies and the even fouler smells of the demons . 
 most are larger than any who attacked our rath . 
 they look fiercer and stronger . 
 i do n't think we would have survived an assault by this lot . 
 yet these are n't the strongest demonata , only the more worthy servants of the demon masters . 
 until this moment i did n't truly believe the demons would overrun the land . 
 i was inwardly sure that my people would fight hard and win in some places , repel the demons , hold their own . 
 now i know i was wrong . 
 if we fail and the demon masters cross , all will fall in quick succession . 
 depending on how fast the demons move , this entire land could be a steaming pile of ruins , broken bones and decaying flesh within a week . 
 bran studies the demons with interest , smiling at some of the more hideously deformed monsters . 
 connla casts a cool eye over them , acting unimpressed , as if they were a flock of scraggly sheep . 
 everybody else looks at them with disgust and fear . 
 a four-headed , red-skinned demon stirs and looks right at me . 
 i freeze , certain it 's seen through the spell . 
 but then it belches , spits out a chewed-up hand and lowers its head again . 
 i step over the half-dissolved , bile-speckled hand and fight to keep my stomach quiet as we pass the dozing monster . 
 close to the hole . 
 it looks like a natural rip in the earth , though the area around it has been torn at and dug up , to enlarge the mouth . 
 no demons rest close by-they keep at least six or seven paces away from the hole . 
 we slip through a space between two misshapen demons and enter the clearing . 
 drust walks to the rim of the hole and looks down . 
 i step up beside him and see a long shaft angling down , deep into the earth . 
 unnatural heat billows from it . 
 i want drust to start the spells here , close the tunnel from this point , not lead us down that shaft to whatever horrors lie beneath . 
 but drust points down , as i knew he would . 
 he makes sure we all understand , then lowers himself into the hole , searching for handholds , descending into the darkness of the pit . 
 i go next , then bran , lorcan , goll . 
 connla brings up the rear . 
 the rock is hot to the touch but bearable . 
 lots of holds . 
 easy to climb . 
 the shaft turns to the left after a while . 
 pure darkness around the bend . 
 i pause , look up at the overcast but beautiful , human evening sky one last time , then slide across into eternal , demonic night . 
 we climb for five minutes , ten , slowly feeling our way down . 
 i could cast a lighting spell but drust has n't , so i do n't think i should either . 
 i 'm expecting the descent to last for ages . 
 but a few minutes later we hit level ground and are soon standing in a huddle , not sure what to do next , afraid to continue in case we 're on a platform overhanging a deadly drop . 
 `` i 'm going to feel ahead with magic , '' drust whispers . 
 `` you try too . 
 explore with your mind . 
 try and determine where we are and what lies ahead . '' 
 i close my eyes-not that it makes any difference in this place-and send out mental feelers . 
 but i 'm not very good at this type of magic . 
 i get the sense of a large space around us-a cave , i think - but i ca n't be sure of its exact size . 
 and i 've no idea what the ground is like underfoot , whether it 's solid , breaks off into nothingness after a few feet , or is littered with traps . 
 fortunately drust is more accomplished at this than me and a minute later he sighs the contented sigh of a man who has finally found what he 's been looking long and hard for . 
 `` it 's all right , '' he says , excitement in his voice . 
 `` we 're here . '' 
 light flares dimly in his left hand . 
 slowly , he lets it grow and expand , filling his palm and then rising to hang in the hot air above us . 
 it lights up the entire cave , revealing a site of beautiful wonders and a wretched terror . 
 the wonders-v-shaped , glistening formations of a substance not quite rock . 
 some reach up from the floor , others hang from the ceiling . 
 all sorts of sizes . 
 water drips from the tips of some of the overhanging shapes , to splash over the floor of the cave or one of the uprising vs. in some places it 's as if the shapes are reaching for each other , growing towards one another . 
 there are other formations stretched between the floor and ceiling , some huge , others tiny bulges . 
 and an underground waterfall to our right , the water appearing as if by magic from high up the wall , vanishing through a crack in the rocks underneath , flowing on to who knows where . 
 this is what i imagine the otherworld or tir na n'og to be like . 
 it does n't feel as if it belongs to our world . 
 it 's so quiet-except for the noise of the waterfall-and peaceful . 
 i feel like if i fell asleep , i could snooze for a hundred years and not be any different when i awoke . 
 time does n't touch this cave-or if it does , it touches it softly , slowly , subtly . 
 but then there 's the wretched terror , which is almost impossible to comprehend . 
 and difficult to describe . 
 there 's a hole-the start of the tunnel-in one of the walls of the cave . 
 and around and within it , the head and warped body of a man . 
 the head hangs just above the hole , limp , its neck jutting out of the rock . 
 its body is spread out around it , mixed in with the rock , part of the wall . 
 an arm far off to the left . 
 a leg farther down to the right . 
 the chest and stomach torn open , surrounding the hole , some inner organs visible inside the mouth of the tunnel . 
 at first , i think it 's a trick of the rock formation , that the head has been stuck there to emphasise the strange nature of the hole . 
 then i think that the body just adorns the outside of the rock , that bits and pieces have been stuck on or crammed into cracks . 
 but as we move closer , drawn to it in silent fascination and horror , i see that is n't right either . 
 the body is the rock . 
 somehow the two exist together , occupying the same space . 
 it 's as if the rock melted and the man stepped into it , coming apart as the rock grew hard again around him . 
 it must have been a painful way to die . 
 was he sacrificed ? 
 did demons melt the rock and then - the head bobs up and its eyes flicker open . 
 i stifle a scream . 
 there are gasps all around me . 
 goll , lorcan and connla raise their weapons automatically . 
 `` no , '' drust says , signalling for calm . 
 `` it 's all right . 
 he ca n't harm us . '' 
 `` do n't be ... so ... sure , '' the man in the rock croaks . 
 `` balor 's eye ! '' 
 goll exclaims . 
 `` it speaks ! '' 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 lorcan asks . 
 `` what manner of ... ? '' 
 he stops , eyes narrowing . 
 takes a step ahead of everyone , gazes at the face for a long moment , then looks back at drust . 
 `` druid , what spell is this ? 
 that face is yours ! '' 
 i do n't understand what he 's saying until i look again and see that the face hanging from the rock is very similar to drust 's . 
 stubbly hair . 
 agonised eyes . 
 a fuller beard . 
 but his shape , his mouth , his expression . 
 `` his name was brude , '' drust says quietly , eyes locked with the man 's . 
 `` my twin brother . 
 a druid like me . '' 
 `` brotherrrrrr , '' the man who once was-or still is-brude sighs , then chuckles creakily . 
 `` you have ... come ... to witness ... the glory ? '' 
 `` brude hated christians more than most , '' drust says , ignoring the question . 
 `` i was never sure why . '' 
 `` because ... they ... corrupt , '' brude hisses , eyes filling with fury . 
 `` they ... change ... that which ... should not ... be changed . 
 they ... destroy . '' 
 `` he decided to fight them , '' drust continues . 
 `` he sought a way to defeat them . 
 magic failed him . 
 so did brute force when he tried to organise an army to lead against them . 
 in the end he resorted to ... '' he trails off into silence for a moment , then speaks again , louder this time . 
 `` he opened the tunnel between our world and the demonata 's . 
 invited the demons to cross . 
 he 's responsible for all the savagery and deaths . 
 he 's the one we must stop if we are to close the - '' `` that 's why you came ! '' 
 i cry suddenly . 
 `` the other druids refused to help , but your twin was the cause of the invasion . 
 you felt guilty . 
 you could n't bear to let so many people die because of him . '' 
 drust nods slowly . 
 `` we were like two parts of the same person when we were children . 
 if he cut himself , i hurt . 
 when i was happy , he laughed . 
 that changed with time , but the bond was always there , linking us , binding us . 
 what he 's doing is wrong . 
 christianity ca n't be fought-and even if it can , it should be fought by human means , not demonic . 
 i could n't stand by and let my brother-my own flesh and blood-commit such an atrocity against the entire human race . 
 i had to stop him . '' 
 `` not such a noble cause then , '' connla snickers . 
 `` you did n't rush to our rescue because you cared for us , but because you did n't like what your twin was up to . '' 
 drust shrugs . 
 `` do my motives matter ? 
 i came . 
 i wish to put a stop to the madness . 
 that should be enough . '' 
 `` ca n't ... stop , '' brude growls . 
 now that i 'm closer i can see his heart , beating slowly within the wall , the rock pulsing along with it . 
 so he 's not just alive within the rock-the rock is alive too . 
 `` it has to stop , '' drust says . 
 `` this is wrong , brude . 
 the demonata will destroy everything . 
 they wo n't stay on this island-they 'll find a way to cross the sea and spread throughout the world , killing all in their path . '' 
 `` good , '' brude gurgles . 
 `` i want ... them to . 
 except ... our kind . 
 the druids will ... stand firm . 
 we wo n't ... fall . 
 the weak ... will perish . 
 the strong ... will remain . 
 the way it ... should be . '' 
 drust shakes his head . 
 `` even the druids would fall in the end . 
 the demonata do n't share , or even rule . 
 they consume . 
 all would fall to them-human , priestess , druid . 
 all . '' 
 brude sneers . 
 `` if so ... so be it . 
 better a world ... of demons ... than one ... of christian stain . '' 
 `` this is pointless , '' goll grunts . 
 `` we could stand here arguing forever and not get anywhere . 
 will i chop his head off at the neck and have done with it ? '' 
 `` that wo n't stop him , '' drust says , moving closer , breaking eye contact with his brother to motion me forward . 
 `` brude 's spirit is infused with the rock . 
 he has become part of the tunnel between worlds . 
 he is beyond physical harm . 
 we can only kill him by closing the tunnel . '' 
 `` then do it , quick , and let 's be out of here , '' lorcan says , eyeing brude uneasily , tugging nervously at his earrings , one after the other . 
 `` you are a. . . 
 twin too , '' brude says bitterly . 
 `` i can ... tell . 
 what would you ... think if ... your brother ... spoke of killing ... you ? '' 
 `` if i was in your place , i 'd say he had every right to spill my blood , '' lorcan answers stiffly . 
 `` you lie , '' brude snarls . 
 `` twin should ... never raise a hand ... against twin . '' 
 his snarl turns to a smile . 
 `` but ... in this case ... i do n't think ... it will come to ... that . 
 i smell ... a friend ... among my ... foes . 
 he will ... protect me . '' 
 goll frowns . 
 `` what 's he talking about ? '' 
 `` ignore him , '' drust mutters . 
 `` he 's mad . 
 let 's push on and - '' a cry of pain stops him . 
 it 's lorcan . 
 as i whirl , the teenage warrior falls to the ground , clutching his chest , blood pouring out around his fingers . 
 `` demons ! '' 
 goll shouts , turning sharply , sword raised . 
 he stops , bewildered . 
 there are no demons in the cave behind lorcan . 
 only connla-with a blood-red knife and a killer 's smile . 
 before anyone can react , connla races to the cave entrance and roars up the shaft , `` demonata ! 
 hurry to my side ! 
 there are enemies in your midst ! '' 
 goll curses vilely and starts across the cave . 
 but then we hear the sounds of demons pouring into the hole above and scrambling down the shaft . 
 goll stops , not sure what to do . 
 drust ignores the chaos above us . 
 he steps up , so he 's almost face to face with his twin , then speaks to me from the side of his mouth . 
 `` i 'm going to start the spells . 
 when i complete the first one , we 'll be able to enter the tunnel , where i 'll finish the rest . '' 
 `` what about - '' i begin . 
 `` no time ! '' 
 he shouts . 
 `` ask them to fight and buy a few seconds for us , and pray that 's enough . '' 
 his lips start moving at an unnatural speed and his hands come up , glowing a dark blue hue . 
 brude curses him but drust ignores the foul insults and carries on with the spell . 
 i turn my attention to connla and goll . 
 connla is standing by the side of the entrance , whistling merrily , cleaning under his fingernails with the tip of his bloodied knife . 
 goll has helped lorcan back to his feet-connla must have missed the young warrior 's heart because although he 's wounded fatally , he is n't dead . 
 bran stares at the blood on lorcan 's chest , head cocked sideways , not sure what to make of it . 
 from the shaft come screams of outrage . 
 the demons must have piled down too fast , too many of them , and jammed . 
 but the blockage ca n't last long . 
 they 'll be upon us in a minute or so , i guess . 
 `` why ? '' 
 goll roars at connla . 
 `` we 'll all die now ! '' 
 `` you 'll die , '' connla replies smugly . 
 `` not me . 
 i 've cut a deal with the demon master , lord loss . '' 
 `` the night when he was talking to you ! '' 
 i gasp , remembering our first encounter with lord loss , finding him crouched over connla , whispering . 
 `` aye , '' connla smiles . 
 `` i was n't asleep . 
 he came to me . 
 told me everything , of drust 's quest , his real reason for coming , what would happen if-when-he failed . 
 for my cooperation he promised great power . 
 in the new world i will be a high king , in command of all those whom the demons choose to spare . '' 
 `` were n't you listening ? '' 
 i cry . 
 `` they wo n't spare anyone ! '' 
 `` of course they will , '' connla laughs . 
 `` every master needs slaves . '' 
 `` did lord loss actually say that ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` not directly , no , but it was implied . '' 
 `` you 're an ass ! '' 
 goll spits . 
 then he squints at connla . 
 `` what do you mean by cooperation ! 
 what did you do for the demon ? '' 
 `` information , '' connla murmurs . 
 `` i told him about you all , your pasts , your strengths and weaknesses . 
 i told him about orna 's children-that 's how he knew to fetch them . 
 and then there were the services rendered ... '' from the sounds in the shaft , the jam has cleared and the demons are moving forward again . 
 time 's almost up . 
 i glance desperately at drust but his lips are still moving and he has n't stepped forward . 
 `` be quick ! '' 
 goll shouts at connla . 
 `` they 'll be on us in seconds and i do n't want to die without knowing the full extent of your treachery . '' 
 `` very well . '' 
 connla grins at lorcan . 
 `` i killed ronan-i pushed him off the cliff . '' 
 lorcan tries to curse but his face twists with pain and he only doubles over and grunts . 
 `` and fiachna , '' connla continues , laughing at me now . 
 `` lord loss gave me a pouch of poisoned powder . 
 i rubbed it into fiachna 's wound after he 'd been bitten by the demon , when everyone was asleep or preoccupied . 
 i - '' whatever he was about to say is lost as the first demon crashes through the entrance into the cave . 
 it falls on its face but is up in an instant , head swivelling , searching for the source of danger . 
 it spots connla , takes a step towards him , then sniffs the air , pauses and turns its gaze on the rest of us , leaving the smirking traitor alone . 
 the demon bounds forward , shrieking . 
 goll meets it solidly , drives his sword through the tip of its head , then kicks it into the path of those which are following . 
 lorcan shrugs off his death and lays into the demons with his sword , pushing forward , keeping one hand over the hole in his chest to stem the flow of blood . 
 bran dances around the cave , over , under and around the demons spilling into it , confusing and enraging them , doing what he can to draw their attention away from the rest of us-and especially from drust , still muttering his spell in front of the abusive brude . 
 i reach within , call upon my magic and unleash it . 
 i set a demon on fire . 
 make another 's eyes pop . 
 i drive one mad by squeezing its brain-in its madness it attacks those around it . 
 the spells come quickly to my tongue , power flowing through me , building up and dispersing through my fingers , lips and eyes at a frightening speed . 
 i make one demon 's stomach explode . 
 i cause a host of the v-shaped formations overhead to snap free and fall , killing several demons in the process . 
 but it is n't enough . 
 more come . 
 an endless flow . 
 streaming into the cave . 
 lorcan has disappeared under an avalanche of monsters . 
 i see one of his ring-pierced ears fly high into the air - my final glimpse of him . 
 goll 's stomach has been ripped open and half his face clawed away . 
 he fights on but it 's hopeless . 
 i ca n't save the old warrior . 
 bran is still going strong , fast and agile as ever , but what good is that ? 
 i catch sight of connla , moving among the demons like a master through a pack of hounds . 
 many growl at him suspiciously but when they smell his blood they leave him be . 
 he 's laughing at the carnage . 
 angling for drust , twirling a knife , preparing to kill the druid . 
 i start a spell to make his brain melt in his head-but then i have a better idea . 
 a moving spell . 
 i cast it quickly and connla flies across the cave , colliding with the wall beneath the waterfall . 
 he falls heavily , then sits up , wincing but otherwise unharmed , shaking his head as water cascades over him . 
 `` you 'll have to do better than that ! '' 
 he chortles , wiping water from his eyes . 
 `` i do n't think so , '' i retort . 
 he frowns at my tone . 
 a demon standing close to him , with a head that 's mostly human except for an extra eye in the middle of its forehead , sniffs at connla uncertainly , then hisses with delight . 
 its mouth opens wider than any human 's - row upon row of dagger-like teeth and two forked tongues . 
 connla stares at the demon , confused . 
 then he realises-the water has washed the blood from his face ! 
 a moment of panic . 
 he tries to cut his palms again , to redaub his cheeks . 
 but the demon 's upon him before he can restore his protective spell . 
 it bites at his face . 
 catches his lips . 
 it looks as though the pair are kissing-until the demon rips free , tearing connla 's mouth away , leaving him to fall , gibbering madly , and be set upon by a handful of other savage demons . 
 `` hah ! '' 
 goll shouts , taking great pleasure from connla 's savage death . 
 `` that 'll teach him ! 
 well done , little one ! '' 
 then a demon knocks the old warrior 's legs out from under him . 
 he falls . 
 demonic bodies fill the space around him . 
 and the one-eyed ex-king who was like a father to me-who gave me my name-is gone . 
 alone . 
 no time to mourn . 
 the demons are closing in , ignoring the dancing bran , focusing on me . 
 i lash out at them with every spell at my disposal , wreaking havoc . 
 but i ca n't kill them all . 
 they 're getting closer . 
 almost upon me . 
 any second now , one will lurch within striking distance and then - a hand grabs the neck of my tunic . 
 i 'm hauled backwards . 
 i cry out , but the cry 's cut short by the v of the tunic digging into my throat . 
 i land hard on the ground . 
 scrabble to my feet , trying to clear my throat , to cast a spell , to take at least one more demon down with me before ... i stop . 
 i 'm in the gut-studded tunnel . 
 drust is beside me . 
 the demons are at the mouth , howling , reaching for us , lashing out with all their force and fury-but not connecting . 
 unable to break through the invisible barrier which separates drust and me from them . 
 `` a positive start , '' the druid says . 
 he smiles quickly , then half-closes his eyes and moves down the tunnel , muttering the words of the next spell . 
 i laugh hysterically and pull faces at the furious , thrashing demons . 
 but then i recall the deaths of my friends and my crazy humour passes . 
 i look for the bodies of goll and lorcan but i ca n't see through the demons crowded around the mouth of the tunnel . 
 there 's no sign of bran either , but i 'm sure he 's safe-daft as he is , he leads a charmed existence . 
 i do n't think any of these demons can harm him . 
 the walls of the tunnel are hot and fleshy , both to the look and touch . 
 by the glow coming from drust 's hands i can see more of brude from here-more than i want to . 
 almost all the bits inside him-the bits of a person which are supposed to remain hidden-are obscenely revealed , pulsing , bubbling and gurgling within the transformed layers of rock . 
 brude screams at us as we invade the tunnel of his body , his voice only just audible above the bellowing and mewling of the demons . 
 he curses us , threatens a violent end , warns us to turn back . 
 when that fails , he tries to win us over with promises of power , long lives and protection from the demonata . 
 we ignore him and proceed , drust chanting words of powerful magic , me following obediently , awaiting his command . 
 brude 's voice fades as we move down the tunnel until it 's nothing more than a low murmur . 
 the walls around us change too , hardening , becoming more like real rock , although with small lines running through them-i think they 're veins . 
 i expect drust to stop , complete his spells and make the sacrifice . 
 but he keeps moving , slow but sure , following the path of the tunnel as it curves and dips ever lower . 
 i want to ask why he does n't end it here , so he can get out quickly if successful , before the walls close around him . 
 but i dare not interrupt while he 's casting the spells , for fear i 'd break his concentration , shatter the web of magic and free the demons to hurtle down the tunnel after us . 
 eventually , the tunnel leads us to another cave . 
 this one 's smaller than the first , with none of the spectacular formations . 
 most of the floor is covered by a pool of water . 
 an island of bones juts out of the middle of the pool . 
 in the centre stands a large rectangular stone which reminds me of the ring of old stones where we sought shelter from the demons . 
 drust stands by the edge of the water , observing the stone , for several minutes , muttering more spells . 
 then he stops and looks at me , smiling tiredly . 
 `` a lodestone , '' he says . 
 `` a reservoir of ancient magic . 
 very powerful . 
 we think the old creatures used stones like this to mark the position of our world , so they could find their way here from the stars . 
 the old creatures have drained most of the remaining lodestones of their power , but they either missed this one or deliberately left it charged for one reason or another . 
 brude found it and used it to open the tunnel . 
 we 'll turn it against him now . '' 
 `` is it safe for you to stop ? '' 
 i ask nervously , glancing back up the tunnel . 
 `` for a moment , '' drust says . 
 `` the spells i 've cast are at work on the walls of the rock , brude , the ... '' he nods towards a point beyond the island . 
 staring hard , i see the mouth of a second tunnel in the rock on the far side of the pool-but the walls of this tunnel are made of red webs and strips of flesh . 
 `` that 's the tunnel to the demonata 's world ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` aye . 
 on their side a demon master has undergone a transformation like brude , creating that tunnel . 
 the lodestone links the pair . 
 it 's been absorbing magic from brude and the demon master , uniting their forms , slowly knitting together the fabric of the two tunnels . 
 the lesser demons have been able to squeeze through during the process . 
 when the tunnels become one , the masters will be able to follow their servants to our world . 
 if that happens , mankind is finished . '' 
 `` what if a demon comes through when you 're casting the rest of your spells ? '' 
 i ask . 
 drust pauses . 
 `` i wo n't be able to stop . 
 you 'll have to fight it . '' 
 he runs an eye over me . 
 `` are you all right ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 i lick my lips , mouth dry from the heat of the tunnel and cave . 
 `` goll and lorcan are dead . 
 connla too . 
 i removed his protective spell . 
 the demons killed him . '' 
 `` good , '' drust grunts . 
 `` and bran ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 he was alive when we entered the tunnel , but there were so many demons ... '' `` if i make it back , i 'll look for the boy , '' drust promises . 
 `` if he 's alive , i 'll take care of him . '' 
 he straightens , casts his tiredness off and steps into the water , starting on the next set of spells . 
 i stare at the island of bones for a second-impossible to tell if they 're human or demon , or a mix of the two-then step in after him . 
 despite the heat of the cave , the water 's cold , but not as cold as the sea was . 
 no need for a warming spell . 
 i wade after drust , eyes on the lodestone and bones , morbidly wondering if he 'll leave my bones there , on top of the pile , when he 's done . 
 the water 's shallow , no higher than my lower thigh . 
 it does n't take us long to reach the island . 
 when we 're there , drust climbs up on to the mound of bones . 
 the bones are brittle and many snap under his feet . 
 he takes no notice , continues with the spells , clambering his way over to the lodestone , beckoning me to follow . 
 the glow in drust 's hands has changed from blue to a pinkish red . 
 the bones-especially the skulls-look as though they 're aflame . 
 i try to keep my eyes off them as i crawl to where drust is kneeling , hands stretched out on either side of the lodestone , ready to clasp it when the moment 's right . 
 as drust casts spells , i move slightly to one side of him , so i have a clear view of the tunnel to the demonata 's universe-i want plenty of warning if a demon comes through . 
 but the monsters on the other side do n't seem to be aware of the threat , or else they ca n't cross quickly . 
 nothing stirs . 
 no shadows or sounds . 
 i find myself thinking about the bones and lodestone . 
 who set them here ? 
 the stone was put in place by the old creatures , but did brude stick the bones underneath it ? 
 have they been left by demons ? 
 or are they the work of the old creatures too ? 
 did they sacrifice people to create this place of magic , as drust plans to sacrifice me ? 
 despite my unease , i ca n't help studying the skulls , wondering if these people were killed on the surface or if they died down here . 
 were they volunteers ? 
 what were they thinking in their final moments ? 
 did they go bravely to their deaths , as i hope to , or did they crumble at the end and scream for mercy ? 
 drust 's voice rises , disturbing my thoughts . 
 his hands close upon the lodestone , drawing gradually closer as he slips deeper inside the intricate web of spells . 
 i listen to his words , and though they 're hard to decipher-he 's speaking so quickly ! 
 - after a while i catch a few of them . 
 he 's on one of the final spells . 
 it wo n't be much longer . 
 if i want to offer up any last prayers for myself , i 'd better do so now , before - drust cries out . 
 his hands fly wide apart , then dart to the small of his back . 
 my eyes shoot down and i spot a dagger sticking out of his flesh , handle quivering , buried to the hilt . 
 i whirl , summoning magic , expecting connla or a demon . 
 but it 's neither . 
 it 's bran ! 
 the boy stands at the edge of the pool , arm extended-he threw the knife . 
 his face is curiously blank . 
 my heart leaps . 
 has bran 's innocence been an act all along ? 
 a spy in our midst , playing us for fools , waiting for the ultimate moment to strike ? 
 impossible ! 
 nobody could have been that convincing an actor . 
 but there he stands , hand outstretched , dagger buried in drust 's back . 
 drust topples aside and sees bran . 
 he yells with astonishment , then groans with pain . 
 i falter . 
 i want to unleash a spell , drive the boy-the killer-back , destroy him if i can . 
 but it 's bran ! 
 i ca n't hurt him , not until i 'm sure , not unless - `` why ? '' 
 drust gasps . 
 bran blinks . 
 he frowns at drust , then looks at me-and bursts into tears . 
 `` flower ! '' 
 he cries . 
 starting forward , he wades sluggishly through the water , arms flailing , displaying none of his customary lightness of movement . 
 `` bec ! '' 
 drust croaks . 
 `` stop him ! '' 
 `` no , '' i sigh , letting the spell die on my lips , understanding by his tears what has happened . 
 `` it 's all right . 
 he wo n't do any more damage . '' 
 bran makes it to the island of bones , wailing and sobbing . 
 he throws himself at me , yelling `` flower ! '' 
 again and again . 
 i catch him , let him bury his face in my chest , and hold him as he weeps , stroking the back of his head , murmuring quieting words . 
 after a few seconds i look over his head at the wounded druid . 
 `` he heard us on the cliff , '' i whisper . 
 `` he knew you planned to kill me . 
 he could n't let that happen . 
 in his own crazy way he loves me . 
 he has n't done this to sabotage your plans-he did it to save me . '' 
 drust grits his teeth with desperate anger . 
 `` the idiot ! 
 does n't he know what will happen if - '' `` no , '' i interrupt calmly . 
 `` he does n't . 
 i 'm his friend , maybe the one person in the world he feels close to . 
 he only knew that he did n't want me to die . 
 do n't blame him . 
 he could n't control himself . '' 
 drust 's expression softens . 
 `` aye , '' he chuckles . 
 `` i think you 're right . 
 it 's not much comfort to us , but ... '' his eyes flick to the lodestone . 
 he reaches for it , then winces and remains lying on his side . 
 `` i ca n't do it , bec . '' 
 i go cold . 
 `` you must ! '' 
 he shakes his head . 
 `` it 's not too late-the spells will work if resumed quickly-but bran has wounded me deeply . 
 i have n't the strength to continue . '' 
 `` you must ! '' 
 i shout again . 
 `` you have to try ! 
 do n't just lie there and give up ! '' 
 `` i 'm not talking about giving up , '' he smiles sadly . 
 `` i ca n't complete the spells-but you can . '' 
 `` and sacrifice bran ? '' 
 i ask quietly , dreading the answer . 
 `` no , you fool , '' the druid snaps , more like the drust of old . 
 `` why kill two when one 's already half dead ? 
 i 'm finished . 
 even if i could cast the rest of the spells , i 'd never make my way back to the surface . 
 you need to take over , complete the spells , then slit my throat and let my blood flow over the lodestone . '' 
 i stare at him stupidly . 
 `` there 's no time for gawping , '' he growls . 
 `` i 'll last a few more minutes with luck , but not much longer . 
 do it , bec . 
 say the spells . 
 kill me . 
 spare your people the wrath of the demonata . 
 then save yourself and bran . '' 
 that final word jars me into action . 
 bran 's risked all to rescue me . 
 i ca n't repay him by stranding him here , to perish at the hands of the demon masters when they come . 
 unwrapping his arms from around my shivering frame , i push him back , smile to show everything 's all right , then shuffle up beside drust . 
 `` what do i have to do ? '' 
 `` do you know where i stopped ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` you must , '' he insists . 
 `` you have a perfect memory . 
 cast your thoughts back . '' 
 it 's not easy but i force myself to focus . 
 i pick at the strings of my always reliable memory with nimble fingers . 
 recall the spell drust was chanting , the place where bran interrupted him . 
 `` got it , '' i mutter . 
 `` continue from there , '' the dying druid says . 
 `` spread your arms . 
 embrace the lodestone as you finish , then launch into the next spell . 
 it should be a clear run from there . '' 
 `` and the sacrifice ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` when ... ? '' 
 `` you 'll know , '' he vows . 
 one deep breath . 
 a quick glance at the tunnel to the demonata 's universe to make sure nothing 's barging towards us . 
 i begin . 
 the words come easily . 
 there 's great power in this cave . 
 i sensed it as soon as i came here - even before , when i was on the surface-but it 's only when i open myself up to the magic that i feel the full extent of it . 
 this stone has been filled with some of the most potent magical power imaginable . 
 i believe i could do anything i set my mind to if i tapped into the lodestone long enough . 
 i finish the spell , then grab the stone with both hands . 
 i mean to start the next spell immediately , but the rush of power from the lodestone catches me by surprise and the words stick in my throat . 
 it 's incredible , as if all the magic of the stars was rushing into me . 
 i can see the universe , the entire night sky . 
 i could reach out if i wanted , leave this world , go and explore the stars with the old creatures . 
 this land suddenly seems insignificant , hardly worth bothering about . 
 with this much power i could create my own worlds and people to inhabit them . 
 not a priestess , not a queen-a goddess . 
 fate whispers to me . 
 asks me to accept a new destiny , travel a fresh path , blaze a godly trail . 
 i do n't ever have to know fear again , pain , want . 
 i do n't even have to die . 
 all i need is to reach out and ... `` rainbow , '' bran whispers , touching my left forearm , gazing at me seriously . 
 i feel the power rush into bran through my flesh , then out of him again . 
 it 's not that he ca n't hold it-he just does n't want it . 
 the promise of the stars does n't interest the boy . 
 he cares only for me . 
 if he could express himself with words , i think he 'd say something like , `` all the power in the universe means nothing if you ca n't be with the one you love . '' 
 and he 's right . 
 what 's the point of becoming a goddess if it costs the lives of all those i care about ? 
 i do n't want a world of worshipful slaves , just a village of welcoming friends . 
 i smile at bran , nodding slowly . 
 he smiles back and releases my arm . 
 i focus , close my eyes , shut out the seductive temptation of the stars and cast the next spell . 
 a wind develops as i progress , a hot , biting , swirling wind . 
 it gusts in a circle around the island of bones , gathering speed and power . 
 drust and bran huddle up to the lodestone , not touching it , but wriggling in as close as they can , sheltering from the unearthly wind . 
 screams . 
 at first i think it 's the sound of the wind . 
 then i realise they 're coming from the tunnel which links this cave to the realm of the demons . 
 the demonata know what 's happening . 
 they can sense their gateway to this world collapsing . 
 but all they can do in response is shriek hatefully at the herald of their ill fortune . 
 the spells race off my tongue . 
 i 'm barely aware of what i 'm saying . 
 i was foolish to worry about making a mistake . 
 the spells are almost chanting themselves . 
 i do n't think i could stop even i wanted . 
 i 'm not in control now . 
 the magic is . 
 i draw to the end of another spell , lick my lips , open them wide to start on the next ... and stop . 
 it 's time . 
 only one spell left . 
 and that comes after the sacrifice . 
 drust knows too . 
 he hauls himself up without having to be told . 
 smiles crookedly at me . 
 `` live long , bec . 
 live well . '' 
 i do n't answer . 
 i ca n't . 
 my next words can only be words of magic . 
 i ca n't break the sequence of spells . 
 drust limps around to the other side of the lodestone . 
 he leans forward , so his chin is directly over the rock . 
 then he tilts his head back , offering his throat . 
 i let go of the lodestone with my right hand and press the nail of my index finger to the flesh of his throat . 
 i smile at him , a tear trickling from my left eye . 
 then i swipe the magically hardened and sharpened nail across . 
 blood gushes . 
 the lodestone is soaked . 
 it absorbs , then thirstily gulps the blood . 
 drust trembles but does n't fall away . 
 i ca n't see his eyes , only his throat . 
 i 'm glad of that . 
 he remains upright , feeding his blood to the stone , held up by magic or sheer willpower-i 'm not sure which . 
 and then , as the stone flashes with a blinding yellow light , drust slumps . 
 no time to grieve . 
 with a bellow of triumph , i roar the words of the final spell . 
 the lodestone quivers . 
 the cave shakes . 
 the wind howls to a climax , ripping the outer layers of bones off the island , threatening to pick loose bran and me and dash us to death against the walls . 
 but before it can ... release . 
 the wind roars up the tunnel-brude 's tunnel-increasing in strength as it tears through the druid 's form . 
 it fills the cave beyond , then explodes up the shaft and billows outwards at an unnatural speed , in all directions , scraping every demon and undead spirit free of the earth . 
 it 's like a giant wave , washing away all things demonic in its path , carrying them tumbling and screaming to the very edge of the land , not stopping until it reaches the sea , where it pauses for one long , dreadful moment ... then sweeps back , drawn to its source , this point . 
 after that it will drag its demonic prisoners back to their own world and crudely dump them there . 
 trying to race to safety . 
 hindered by the wind , which is returning to its source , blowing fiercely against us , a gale in the tunnel . 
 and not just the wind-it contains all the demons and undead which it 's captured . 
 they swirl and tumble through the air , smash into us , knock us over , send us sprawling , threaten to drag us back to their world with them . 
 abandoning our efforts to stand , we lie on our stomachs and crawl , side by side . 
 but even this would be impossible if we were normal , since the wind-and its captive demons-fills the tunnel . 
 but we 're not normal . 
 we 're beings of magic and i use that power to protect us . 
 i draw from deep down and around me , using the magic in my body and the walls of the tunnel , creating a barrier around us . 
 it does n't keep out the wind , but most of the demons bounce off it without harming us . 
 most , not all . 
 sometimes a limb , claw or fang breaks through and bundles us over , bruising or cutting us . 
 bran was laughing when we started up the tunnel-he thought it was great fun . 
 he 's not laughing now . 
 blood coats his face-i can see him in the glow of the light i created to guide us-and his right arm hangs uselessly by his side , snapped in two or three places . 
 i 'm in no better shape . 
 i have to pause frequently to wipe blood from my eyes . 
 a few of the toes on my left foot have been ripped off-i do n't stop for a close examination . 
 the tunic on my back has been torn to tattered shreds and much of the flesh underneath too . 
 i ignore the terrible pain . 
 battle against the savage wind . 
 shrug off the blows of the beastly demons . 
 and drag myself ever further up the tunnel , towards the promise of escape and life . 
 crawling . 
 panting . 
 the demons hitting us more often as my power dwindles . 
 the closing spells took a lot out of me . 
 i was all-powerful clutching the lodestone , but now i 'm the weakest i 've been in a long time . 
 it 's a struggle to move , never mind cast spells . 
 i want to abandon the shield and divert all of my strength to my flesh and bones , but i 'd be swept away within seconds if i did that , and bran beside me . 
 part of me thinks about letting bran go . 
 it 's hard enough protecting myself . 
 if i halved the problem , i 'd stand a better chance of getting out alive . 
 i turn a deaf ear to the treacherous thoughts , gasp as nails dig along the length of my spine , then strengthen the shield around us . 
 at the same time i let the light die-it did n't require much power , but every last bit of magic might count in the end . 
 i do n't want to fall just short of the exit because of some unnecessary ball of light . 
 impossible to tell in the darkness how much further there is to go . 
 forcing our way on , the wind deafening , demons striking freely . 
 i ca n't maintain the shield . 
 i now use magic to root us to the floor when we 're struck and on the point of being blown away . 
 quick bursts instead of extended spells . 
 dangerous-if i 'm knocked unconscious , we 're doomed-but i do n't have the strength for anything else . 
 how long is this damn tunnel ! 
 we came down so quickly-or was that a trick of my mind ? 
 what if it has somehow extended , if brude caused it to double or triple in length to spite us ? 
 is that possible ? 
 i do n't know . 
 i choose to believe it is n't . 
 otherwise despair will consume me and i 'll certainly fail . 
 onwards by slow , painful , bloody , hard-fought-for patches . 
 so sore and weak . 
 struggling to breathe . 
 every spell dug up from the deepest depths of my spirit . 
 thinking each time i cast one , `` this is it . 
 the last spell . 
 i ca n't do any more . '' 
 but constantly surprising myself , finding a smattering of power here , a glimmer there . 
 barely aware of bran , sticking by me doggedly , patting my arm every few seconds to reassure himself that i 'm here . 
 poor bran . 
 he did n't ask for this . 
 the rest of us understood the risks . 
 did he ? 
 no way of knowing . 
 he can comprehend some things , but how much did he really know of what he was letting himself in for ? 
 i listen to him panting , heavy and fast , and ... the thought dies unfinished . 
 i can hear him panting . 
 but i have n't been able to hear anything since we started crawling , because of the roar of the wind and screams of the demons . 
 i raise my head and realise the wind has died away . 
 it 's over . 
 which means ... panicking , i find another burst of magic and create light again . 
 it flares around us , blinding after the darkness . 
 i shut my eyes against it , then force them open and stare ahead desperately , expecting to find nothing but rock , the pair of us buried alive , to die beneath the earth in a ready-made tomb . 
 for a moment i think we 're lost , that we 've won the battle but surrendered our lives in the process . 
 my heart sinks . 
 i ready myself to sob with terror . 
 but then-a gap ! 
 the exit still exists and we 're close to it . 
 the walls are just walls now , no traces of brude 's veins or guts . 
 but they 're grinding together , the mouth of the tunnel tightening and closing . 
 there 's enough space for us to get out but there wo n't be for much longer . 
 we have to move ! 
 - fast ! 
 - now ! 
 `` bran ! '' 
 i gasp , struggling to my feet . 
 so weak , near the end of my resources . 
 but one last surge . 
 one final effort . 
 then we 'll be safe . 
 we can sleep . 
 recover . 
 no demons . 
 we 'll have all the time we need . 
 `` bran ! '' 
 i shout , dragging his head up . 
 he looks around , dazed , defeated . 
 then he spots the opening and cries out with fresh hope . 
 he leaps up beside me , stumbles , then finds his feet and lurches forward , taking my hand , gurgling happily . 
 we reel towards the exit , a pair of barely living , impossibly weary spirits . 
 the hole in the rock continues to close , but at the same regular pace . 
 if we keep moving as we are ... if we do n't collapse ... if we do n't give up ... we 'll make it ! 
 i do n't want to let myself hope too strongly-that might tempt the gods to act against us-but if we can maintain our slow , steady stagger , i 'm sure we 'll - something clatters into my back . 
 i fall , crying out with pain and surprise . 
 teeth lock around my right leg and bite through to the bone . 
 i scream and try to shake my attacker loose , but ca n't . 
 the light fades . 
 but in the dimness i catch sight of my assailant-lord loss 's pet demon , vein ! 
 the one with a dog 's body , strange long head and a woman 's hands . 
 she 's gnawing at my leg . 
 the pain is dreadful . 
 i scream again , kicking at her with my free foot , to no effect . 
 then bran 's by her side . 
 he tries to tug the demon loose . 
 when that fails , he kneels beside her and murmurs desperately , stroking her head , smiling shakily . 
 after a few seconds vein stops biting , lets go and yaps at bran with delight , falling under his spell as she did before . 
 as soon as i 'm free , i freeze out the pain , leave bran to deal with the demon , and turn and focus on the gap . 
 my insides harden . 
 the delay 's ruined us . 
 the hole has been narrowing steadily . 
 we 're not going to make it , even if we pick up our pace . 
 i search within myself , digging deep for magic , going to the very core of my spirit , trying to find enough power to propel us forward and shoot us to safety like a pair of arrows fired from a bow . 
 but it is n't there . 
 i 'm magicked out . 
 enough for one last minor spell perhaps-definitely no more . 
 sorrow overwhelms me . 
 i feel madness coming on . 
 but i force it back and turn my gaze on bran . 
 he 's still playing with the dog but his eyes are flicking from me to the hole . 
 he knows it 's closing . 
 he knows i ca n't make it in my condition . 
 he also knows that at the speed he can run , he could abandon me and escape . 
 but he wo n't . 
 he 's going to stay with me , protect me from the demon , keep me company as the gap shuts and seals our fate . 
 `` bran , '' i sob . 
 `` you have to go . '' 
 he just smiles . 
 `` bran ! 
 you must ! '' 
 again the smile . 
 he wo n't leave . 
 he 'll be my faithful friend forever . 
 he 'd rather die by my side than skip free without me . 
 i return the smile . 
 `` very well , '' i sigh and reach out a hand . 
 bran takes it , expecting only my touch . 
 but what he gets on top of that is the last of my magic . 
 a swift , improvised spell . 
 i reach into his mind and send an image into his thoughts , of the hole , him dashing out of it , racing through the cave and not coming back . 
 and then , with all the magical force i can muster , i yell at him - `` run fast ! '' 
 he shoots off . 
 running without meaning to , roaring with surprise and fright . 
 he flies up the tunnel , leaps through the hole and keeps on going , a temporary slave of my magic . 
 i wave after him sadly , letting out a long , shuddering breath . 
 alone at last-and damned . 
 i expect vein to attack again , now that bran 's gone , but she does n't . 
 i hear her growls , close to where i 'm stranded , but for some reason she leaves me be . 
 watching the hole in the ever-fading light . 
 it 's the size of a baby now , closing all the time . 
 narrower and narrower , until there 's barely room to fit an arm through . 
 i 'm thinking about quenching the light before the hole shuts-this is just torture-when a face suddenly appears . 
 it 's bran . 
 the spell has passed and he 's come back . 
 he wants to get through , to be with me . 
 but the hole 's too small . 
 he punches it , pulls at it , slips his fingers into the gap and strains with all his might-but it 's no good . 
 the rock continues to grind together . 
 the hole gets smaller , the width of a finger now . 
 at the last moment , bran presses his mouth up to the hole and roars with raw pain and loss , at the top of his voice , `` bec ! '' 
 it 's the only time he 's ever uttered my name . 
 anyone 's name . 
 his anguished cry stabs at my heart and tears spring to my eyes . 
 i open my mouth to shout his own name back , to offer whatever small shred of comfort i can ... but then the rock closes all the way and a fierce rumbling drowns out the echoes of bran 's cry . 
 lost in the all-enfolding shadows , i pull myself forward , away from vein-she 's stopped growling-towards the place where the hole used to be . 
 i wonder if the rest of the tunnel will close the way the hole did . 
 impossible to tell in this total , unearthly darkness . 
 probably better that way . 
 banba used to say that knowledge was strength , and for the most part she was right . 
 but in this place knowledge only means more distress and pain . 
 struggling forward , weeping softly , steeling myself against the bite of vein 's teeth , sure she 's playing with me , waiting to jump on my back when i least expect it . 
 why did n't she return to the demonata 's universe along with the rest of her kind ? 
 how did she remain ? 
 i 'd have made it to safety if she had n't attacked . 
 i 'd be in the cave now with bran , laughing at our close escape , mourning the deaths of drust and my friends , looking forward to ... no . 
 forget such thoughts . 
 they can only torment me . 
 i did n't get out . 
 vein delayed me just long enough . 
 i 'm trapped here now . 
 accept it . 
 take comfort in the fact that it wo n't be for long . 
 my left hand touches rock . 
 the end of the tunnel . 
 i press an ear to the rock , in case i can still hear bran . 
 but there 's nothing , not even the rumbling sound . 
 not as warm as it was either . 
 the rock is cooling quickly now that it 's rid of the druid brude . 
 maybe , if vein is n't here-if she 's been sucked back to her own realm a little later than the others-i can rest . 
 return to the lodestone . 
 recharge . 
 then force my way out . 
 break a hole through the rock with magic and ... light behind me . 
 a green , low , throbbing light . 
 and a sad chuckle . 
 i turn slowly , already knowing what i 'll find . 
 `` poor little bec , '' lord loss says , floating not far away from me , flesh as lumpy as ever , coated in a red sheen from the blood oozing out of the cracks in his skin , the hole in his chest filled with those wriggling eel-like creatures . 
 he 's holding drust 's bag and a couple of his hands are rooting through the contents , stroking the chess board stored within . 
 lord loss drifts closer . 
 i spot vein behind him , sitting to attention , eyes hot with evil delight . 
 the demon master picks a piece out of the bag and gazes at it . 
 `` all alone , '' he sighs , looking at the chess piece but speaking to me . 
 `` friends dead or cut off . 
 no way out . 
 if only you 'd known it would end this way . 
 maybe you would have stayed in your rath . 
 or perhaps you would n't have used up all your magic on the lodestone . '' 
 `` we won , '' i snarl . 
 `` we beat you . 
 we sent all the demons back . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 lord loss 's crimson eyes widen and he drops the piece back into the bag . 
 `` then what am i doing here ? '' 
 he grins when i ca n't answer . 
 `` poor bec . 
 you know so little of the universes . 
 i did n't come to this world through the tunnel . 
 i was wandering your land long before brude set about his ignoble task . 
 your wind-impressive as it was-had no claim on me . 
 i was too powerful for it . '' 
 `` you were n't so powerful when drust banished you from sight , '' i sneer . 
 lord loss 's features twitch . 
 `` i grant you that one . 
 but i would n't be so boastful if i was in your position . 
 that spell of drust 's was clever but costly . 
 remember my geis ? '' 
 `` i 'm not afraid of a demon 's geis , '' i tell him . 
 `` you should be , '' he replies , face darkening . 
 `` humans should never mock a demon master . 
 we make perilous enemies . 
 i might have let you live if you had n't scorned me . 
 i liked you , bec . 
 i gave you some of my magic . 
 i was looking forward to watching you mature . '' 
 `` why did you give me the magic ? '' 
 i ask , curiosity winning out over fear . 
 `` we would n't have been able to close the tunnel if you had n't . '' 
 lord loss smiles smugly . 
 `` i am a sentinel of sorrow . 
 i feed on the misery of humanity . 
 i cherish this world and its sad , pathetic , pain-struck humans . 
 but if my fellow demonata had been able to come here at will , they would have destroyed it . 
 demons are vulgar , wrathful creatures . 
 they would have murdered every human in sight , swiftly , leaving no survivors , and in a short few years i would have had no more subjects to play with . 
 i could n't let that happen , could i ? '' 
 i stare at him with disbelief . 
 `` you betrayed your own kind ! 
 you tricked them ! 
 you gave me power so that i could close the tunnel ! '' 
 `` of course , '' he chuckles . 
 `` i could n't act too obviously-i do n't want hordes of demonata screaming for my head-but by slyly interfering , providing you with the means of stopping brude , i was able to secure peace for this world , thus preserving my mortal minions of misery . '' 
 `` but ... '' my head 's awhirl . 
 i can see it all now . 
 `` connla was working for you . 
 that 's why he protected drust whenever he was threatened . '' 
 `` my wolf in the fold , '' lord loss laughs . 
 `` i let him kill some of the others for sport but warned him not to let any harm befall you or the druid . 
 he forgot that at the end and summoned the demons to butcher you all . 
 he almost ruined everything . 
 i 'm glad you dealt with him , though i would have preferred to do it myself-i 'd have made him suffer much more . '' 
 `` why use him at all ? '' 
 i cry . 
 `` why set him against the rest of us if we were working towards the same goal ? '' 
 `` pain , '' lord loss says , his smile growing . 
 `` i knew he would create discord and unhappiness , delicious misery for me to relish . 
 i was having so much fun . '' 
 his smile fades . 
 `` until the druid banished me . '' 
 the demon master clicks his fingers and vein trots over . 
 lord loss tickles the demon 's head with one of his eight twisted hands . 
 `` you could have walked away from this , '' he whispers . 
 `` your death serves no purpose . 
 you 'd have been more interesting to me alive . 
 misery would have followed you-i could sense it . 
 i 'd have been there , trailing you , delighting in the sorrow you both suffered and caused . 
 `` but that ca n't be . 
 in my fury i cast a geis . 
 i made a solemn vow . 
 and now , as a creature of my word , i must make good on my promise . '' 
 he drifts away from me . 
 the green light fades slowly . 
 vein stays where she is . 
 other demons join her . 
 a score or more . 
 monstrous creatures , misshapen , one with fire for eyes and the body of a baby , another covered in scales like a fish , another a giant insect with a knife-sized stinger in its tail . 
 `` my familiars , '' lord loss whispers , disappearing from sight in the lengthening shadows . 
 `` they have more fleshly appetites than me . '' 
 `` no , '' i whimper , cringing against the wall . 
 `` please do n't do this . 
 i 'll do anything you ask . 
 i 'll ... '' i stop and catch myself . 
 remember who i am , my heritage , my people . 
 `` damn you then , '' i growl as the light fades away to the dimmest of glows , even the light in the sockets of the demon with fire instead of eyes . 
 `` goodbye , bec , '' lord loss calls softly . 
 `` damn you ! '' 
 i shout again , throwing it after him as a challenge . 
 the last light flickers out and everything turns black . 
 silence for a moment . 
 then a snicker . 
 a growl . 
 the sound of claws and fingers scuttling forward . 
 i relax against the rock , resigned , not crying or begging . 
 i want to die with dignity , like a true priestess or warrior . 
 the sounds come closer . 
 hissing . 
 crackling . 
 the grinding of teeth and fangs . 
 i lay my head against the wall . 
 stare up into nothingness . 
 try to be strong . 
 fingers touch my damaged legs . 
 claws and tendrils explore . 
 soon i 'm being mauled everywhere , pinched , stroked , sliced . 
 their breath is both hot and cold on my face as they crowd around me . 
 i imagine their savage jaws , twisted faces and sharpened fangs . 
 i tremble , then grit my teeth hard , determined not to give lord loss the satisfaction of crying out . 
 `` i wo n't scream ! '' 
 i tell myself . 
 `` i wo n't ! 
 i wo n't ! 
 i - '' teeth and fangs bite into my flesh , every part of me at once . 
 nails dig in deep , burrowing through to my guts . 
 hands worm inside me and pull bits of my innards out , scraping at my skin from the inside . 
 i 'm being torn apart . 
 the pain is unbearable . 
 i lose control . 
 my mouth shoots open . 
 my senses dissolve . 
 my brain goes wild . 
 the last thing i hear , before madness and demons consume me , is the tunnel filling with my anguished , uncontrollable death howls . 
