 one the first thing you need to know about me is-i see dead people . 
 okay , that 's a lie . 
 i hear dead people-on an antique radio of all things . 
 i know , right ? 
 but i did n't make the rules . 
 if i had , i certainly would n't be working at pretzel pirate . 
 the uniform is unrelenting polyester , and i ca n't pull off white lace or a swashbuckler hat . 
 i 'm into striped tights , combat boots , cosmetics , piercings , and tattoos . 
 i 've also got an amnesia thing going on . 
 do n't ask me to explain it , but my head 's foggy . 
 i used to live in kilmer , georgia , and for reasons i ca n't recall-i 'm sure it seemed like a good idea at the time-i split with a cop from texas ... and some other guy . 
 i have n't seen the second dude for a while , but the cop brought me to laredo . 
 it was weird in kilmer , and my mom 's ... gone . 
 i should be sad about that , but that part of my life is misty . 
 which makes me wonder if i used to do hardcore drugs . 
 it would explain a lot , huh ? 
 i should be grateful it was a cop who pulled me out of that death spiral and not some perv who 'd chain me up in his basement . 
 so i 'm in laredo now . 
 the cop who saved me-and i 'm sure whatever he hauled me out of in kilmer , it was ugly-then deposited me with some family friends . 
 they 're a married couple , nice enough , but i felt like i was cramping their style . 
 they just had a baby , and i 'm not au pair material . 
 to make matters worse , their house burned down , and we were all out of luck for a while . 
 they went to stay with relatives , and i did n't feel right about going along . 
 so this guy , chuch , found me a roommate , his cousin , maria . 
 she 's a nice girl , but not home a lot . 
 we both work , and i 'm trying to get into community college . 
 things being what they were in kilmer , i got my ged here . 
 so anyway , it 's five thirty p.m. on a thursday , and i 'm stuck at pretzel pirate . 
 the food court is hell . 
 each afternoon , i stare across at the same dorky kid selling burgers . 
 sometimes he makes a pirate hat out of a paper placemat and puts it on to mock me . 
 i give him my middle finger as a special prize . 
 good times . 
 this job pays minimum wage ; it also siphons off a portion of my soul each time i say , `` arrr , matey , want to try a buccaneer special pretzel with extra cheese ? '' 
 fml . 
 unlike charlatans who use a crystal ball , i can tune into dead people on my radio-and not random ones , either-so considering that i 've learned to control the ability , i should be raking in the cash . 
 but due to snafus like the salem witch trials , the gifted community frowns on us using our talents in the open , so any medium listed in the yellow pages is a fake . 
 i wish i could figure out a way around this restriction , but for now , i 'm working at the mall to make ends meet . 
 the only bright side is that i 'm sober , apparently , and the guy who rescued me cares enough to check in on a regular basis . 
 at least , i think that 's why he 's coming toward me . 
 here 's something i did n't mention . 
 the cop 's smoking hot . 
 jesse saldana , that 's his name . 
 i 've never written it all over my notebooks or drawn hearts around it , but sometimes i do whisper jesse in a certain way . 
 i have zero shot , but since the moment i saw him , i 've been on fire . 
 he 's got tawny hair and dark eyes , a hint of mexican heritage in his tan skin . 
 plus , with a day or two of golden scruff , he always looks like he could use a shave . 
 i see him and i just want to take a bite ; he 's the ultimate forbidden fruit . 
 i 'm not sure exactly how old he is , but i 'm guessing twenty-eight or twenty-nine . 
 did i mention i 'm not quite nineteen ? 
 ten years might not seem like such a big difference down the road , but right now , it 's insurmountable . 
 because he sees me as a project-i 'm the girl he 's saving . 
 and unless you 're crazy , you do n't kiss the crap out of damsels in distress . 
 christ , i hate that label . 
 i wish i could prove that i 'm not an at-risk youth , but i have no idea how to make it happen . 
 he cuts through the tables , making a beeline for pretzel pirate . 
 let me point out , there are way better places to eat . 
 if he 's after actual food , the court has sushi , sandwiches , pasta , pizza , and burgers . 
 some of it even tastes decent . 
 god , jesse saldana 's smiling at me . 
 `` hey , '' he says , as he reaches the counter . 
 `` arr , '' i answer . 
 `` prepare to be boarded . '' 
 oh , god , why ? 
 i have no idea why i said that . 
 it 's not even an official pretzel pirate greeting . 
 mark , my manager , would vehemently disapprove . 
 he 's all about corporate policy and reminds me of that movie where jennifer aniston works at a terrible restaurant and they give her shit for not wearing enough buttons . 
 fortunately , jesse laughs . 
 he 's got a great smile , white teeth-and dimples . 
 how am i supposed to cope ? 
 dimples . 
 it 's absurd . 
 `` how 's the pretzel business ? '' 
 `` it 's horrible . 
 i have no dignity . 
 on the plus side , i 'll be able to make rent . '' 
 when his brow furrows , i realize i 've reinforced his impression of me as vulnerable , someone who needs looking after . 
 `` if you ever need anything , shan , let me know . 
 i 'm here for you . '' 
 `` you 've been sentenced to community service ? 
 what 'd you do ? '' 
 `` funny . 
 can i get a lemonade and an order of toasted pretzel bites ? '' 
 `` tell me this is n't your dinner . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 now he looks defensive . 
 `` it 's food . '' 
 `` debatable . '' 
 but mark would not be amused to hear me talking this way about our fine products . 
 glumly , i put together jesse 's order , mentally counting the seconds before he walks away . 
 `` so what 're you doing here ? '' 
 `` would you believe i was craving pretzel bites ? '' 
 `` not even on my dumbest day . '' 
 `` car charger for my phone . '' 
 he lifts a small plastic bag . 
 `` i 'm always forgetting to plug it in at night . '' 
 take me home with you . 
 i 'll remind you . 
 oh , god . 
 why does he have to be so...day-um ? 
 and so oblivious to the fact that i 'm female . 
 he treats me like a little sister , maybe one he adopted through a charitable organization . 
 i suppose i 'm lucky he does n't offer to take me out for ice cream or to play skeeball once a week . 
 `` yeah , it 's hard to save the day when people ca n't reach you . '' 
 `` do i detect sarcasm , shannon cheney ? '' 
 jesse props himself on the counter , giving me a look that melts my knees . 
 `` only always . '' 
 `` you 're too young to be this cynical . '' 
 `` and you 're too old to be this hot . '' 
 shit . 
 i said it out loud . 
 to my relief , he laughs . 
 `` thanks . 
 that made my day . '' 
 wow . 
 so i 'm the waitress who flatters him despite being undateable . 
 if he ruffles my hair , i 'll bite his hand . 
 no joke , i will draw blood . 
 when he gets a tetanus shot , he can think of me . 
 i shove the pretzel bites at him , set the lemonade on the counter , and mumble the total . 
 he pays in exact change , and i pretend it 's because he 's trying to make my life easier . 
 `` that 's why i 'm here-to provide excellent customer service . 
 and pretzels . '' 
 and to want things i ca n't have . 
 as he waves and turns , i ca n't help checking out his lean , muscled back and the fit of his jeans . 
 i 've done my share of screwing around , but i could ride this cowboy until the break of dawn . 
 i 'm actually chagrined by the rush of heat that accompanies the thought . 
 and then the unthinkable happens . 
 jesse saldana whirls to face me . 
 see , this is the other thing i have n't mentioned . 
 jesse saldana is n't simply a smoking-hot cop . 
 he 's also an empath . 
 dunno if he 's been trying not to read me , or if i 've done a good job keeping it locked down until now . 
 color touches his cheeks , and he hesitates , like he 's not sure if he should acknowledge what he just felt . 
 i raise a brow at him , the one with the piercing . 
 `` something on your mind ? '' 
 it seems best to brazen it out ; i refuse to pretend i do n't feel as i do . 
 he can think it 's ill-advised or that i 'm too young , or a bad bet in other ways . 
 god knows that 's all true . 
 but it does n't mean i do n't want him , more than anything . 
 `` seems like there 's something on yours . '' 
 he summons a gentle , let her down easy smile . 
 `` while i 'm flattered , i 'm not the one for you , shan . '' 
 i shrug . 
 `` too bad . 
 you 're missing out . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 jesse sounds like he means that . 
 my ego poofs a little . 
 this is n't easy when you 're wearing the polyester pretzel pirate uniform . 
 but he 's seen me in my street clothes ; he knows i can rock a look . 
 i 'm the kind of girl who scares males my own age and attracts those old enough to know better . 
 apparently jesse thinks he falls into the latter category , but i do n't see it that way . 
 a guy needs to be on the wrong side of forty-five for me to dub him a creeper for wanting to date me . 
 to put it another way , my dad 's forty-two . 
 i 'm never going out with anyone older than my father ; that 's the rule . 
 because i 'm curious-and there will never be a better time to find out-i ask , `` is this the first time you 've noticed how i feel ? '' 
 jesse shakes his head . 
 `` only the most potent flash . 
 i knew you were nursing a crush , but i figured you 'd get over it without me needing to say anything . '' 
 `` is this where you warn me off ? '' 
 `` it would be wrong to take advantage while you 're feeling grateful . 
 i extracted you from a bad situation and - '' `` the way you visit me , i could take it for encouragement , '' i interrupt , unable to listen to more bullshit about my alleged emotions . 
 `` you 've found reasons to stop by three times in the last week . 
 and the mall 's nowhere near the station . '' 
 `` i 'm looking out for you , '' he mutters . 
 `` then stop . 
 i can take it from here . '' 
 `` are you cutting me off ? '' 
 he tries to say it lightly , but i can tell that this feels like a breakup to him , too . 
 a weird one , certainly , but there 's a bond between us , one i ca n't explain and did n't ask for . 
 `` it 's for the best , '' i say quietly . 
 i 'm never gon na smother these feelings as long as he 's coming round , fanning the flames . 
 though i played the role once , i refuse to be jesse saldana 's permanent damsel in distress , always yelling for help from a tower . 
 i can make a rope out of bedsheets and climb down my own damn self . 
 so he can take his white-knight complex and go tilt at somebody else 's windmill . 
 `` shan ... i just want ... '' in the end , he trails off , unable to express whatever it is . 
 `` look , ca n't we be friends ? '' 
 `` not when i want to kiss you so bad that it 's all i think about . '' 
 there 's no point in playing coy . 
 he knows . 
 for a few seconds , his gaze locks on mine , and there 's a swirl of superheated awareness in his eyes . 
 holy shit . 
 he feels it too . 
 i have no idea if it 's an echo of what i 'm offering , or if he 's been suppressing this because he feels like a dirty old man . 
 before , i did n't chase him because i thought he saw me as a kid . 
 but if he can look at me , right here , right now , and find anything desirable ? 
 then he wants me . 
 i just have to decide what i 'm going to do about it . 
 two jesse 's the first to look away . 
 `` there 're so many reasons why we should n't - '' `` but we only need one why we should . '' 
 i 'm smiling now , confident that i know where this is going . 
 `` and what 's that ? '' 
 `` because we want to . 
 pick me up tomorrow night at eight . 
 you know where i live . '' 
 he helped me move in , after all . 
 `` we can have dinner , '' he decides . 
 `` but it 's not a date . '' 
 yeah , like a label 's gon na stop me . 
 i merely smile . 
 `` you 've got my number , right ? '' 
 in answer , he taps out a quick hey and my phone pings . 
 i should n't find this so endearing . 
 `` see you tomorrow , cowboy . '' 
 after he leaves , the rest of my shift is ... bearable . 
 i shut the place down at nine , and by fifteen past , everything is sparkling clean . 
 i take the bus home , wishing i had a car . 
 maria 's out with her boyfriend , no surprise there , so i strip off the pretzel pirate get-up and take a shower . 
 it 's not even ten thirty , and i 'm bored as hell . 
 i have the sense that i used to have somebody to hang out with-but maybe i left her in kilmer . 
 my head hurts when i poke at this half-formed memory , so i switch on the tv and numb my brain . 
 while some stupid show plays , i waver , tempted by an unwise idea . 
 i 've thought about doing this before , but i always decided against it . 
 for obvious reasons , i ca n't raise the dead when maria 's around . 
 since she 's an ortiz , i 'm sure she knows about the gifted population , but it seems best not to rub her nose in the fact that i can talk to dead people . 
 before i can think better of this , i head into my small bedroom . 
 it did n't come furnished , so right now there 's a futon in it , and i 'm storing my personal stuff in the closet and in milk crates i stole from behind a convenience store . 
 pulling the antique radio out of my closet , i sit cross-legged on the floor for a few seconds , holding it . 
 nobody else can feel this-i 've tested it-but to me , this old gizmo radiates cold energy that tingles in my fingertips . 
 there 's not much left from my kilmer days since i bolted in a hurry , but i do have an old ring that belonged to my mother . 
 actually , i stole it from her jewelry box before she died . 
 i used to be kind of a klepto , though i control the impulse these days . 
 they 're serious about loss prevention at the mall , and i 'd look horrible in an orange jumpsuit . 
 i dig it out of the small , satin-lined box that houses my jewelry . 
 i do n't have much , and i wear most of my bracelets at the same time ; i 've grown accustomed to the weight and jingle on my wrists . 
 if i ever went into the sun , i 'd probably have tan lines from my bracelets . 
 but i 've been cultivating this pallor for years , mostly to irritate my mother . 
 now , however , the results are permanent . 
 i 'm pretty sure i 'd burst into flames if i tried to tan . 
 clutching the ring in my left hand , i focus on recalling how my mother looked and sounded , before the mental fog set in and my memory got weird . 
 i just simply ca n't recollect certain things anymore . 
 my exodus from kilmer is wreathed in shadows , which makes me think it must be bad . 
 either someone does n't want me to remember , or i 've forced myself to forget . 
 and you do n't usually block out the happy times . 
 nervous , i fiddle with the dials of the radio as i whisper , `` restless dead , blood of my blood , i summon you to this place . '' 
 the room immediately chills , raising goose bumps on my arms . 
 hissing static crackles from old speakers as i scan various stations by adjusting the dials . 
 i 'm into the am side , down on the low end , when the white noise resolves into intelligible words , spoken in a familiar voice . 
 `` you should n't have called me , shannon . '' 
 that 's my mom all right . 
 she finds reason to bitch at me even from beyond the grave . 
 `` why not ? 
 i have questions . '' 
 `` most of them , i 'm not permitted to answer . '' 
 the display glows when she speaks , something i 've never seen . 
 this analog device does n't have a backlight . 
 the cold intensifies , so i can actually see my breath . 
 `` not about the afterlife . 
 i 'm wondering what happened in kilmer . 
 i ca n't remember how i ended up in laredo or why jesse saldana was there in the first place . '' 
 i mean , he 's from texas for fuck 's sake , and it 's not like a creepy , haunted little town in georgia is a tourist hot spot . 
 when i ask him , jesse smiles and says in his super-hot drawl , `` chalk it up to fate , sugar . 
 i was destined to save you . '' 
 which is sweet , but it 's also bullshit . 
 i want-i need-answers , but when i push too hard , it feels like my brain is about to pop out of my skull . 
 most people would heed that warning , i guess , but you can tell by looking at me that i 'm not normal . 
 that 's partly what my style 's about , honestly . 
 it seems wrong to go around in jeans and hoodies . 
 then a guy who asks me out might expect an average girl , not one who talks to dead people . 
 this way , i feel like he 's been forewarned , and if he still wants to date me , he should n't be surprised that there 's a spooky surprise in this box . 
 i mean , the package was wrapped appropriately , after all . 
 `` there 's a reason you ca n't remember , '' my mom tells me . 
 well , duh . 
 sadly , this is the most civil exchange i 've had with her in years . 
 most of our discussions ended with me screaming you do n't understand anything and slamming into my room . 
 in life , my mother was a pearl-clutching southern belle , and i suspect she used to prowl our house , searching for proof that i 'm a changeling . 
 so in that respect , death eased the tension between us-yep , oblivion 's the ultimate icebreaker . 
 `` i was hoping you could clue me in . '' 
 `` the pain you experience when you try to remember is a clue , shannon . 
 you ca n't circumvent a spell before its time through sheer willpower or mental force . 
 there could be ... repercussions . '' 
 a spell ? 
 so somebody made me forget ? 
 what the hell . 
 there are so many questions i should ask , but my energy is limited . 
 the power to communicate with her is pulled directly from me in the form of life energy , and i suspect if i stretch my reserves too far , it might be lethal . 
 tonight 's not the time to find out . 
 so i settle on asking , `` do you know who did this to me ? 
 or why ? '' 
 but the radio crackles , and i feel woozy . 
 my mom 's gone . 
 i desperately need a sugar rush or i 'll pass out . 
 on hands and knees , i crawl over to the crate i keep stuffed full of chocolate . 
 i 'm pretty sure maria thinks i 'm bulimic . 
 with trembling hands , i tear open a candy bar and cram it in my face . 
 in a few minutes , i feel better . 
 the black spots are gone , and my hands are n't shaking anymore . 
 five years down the road , i 'll have rotten teeth and probably diabetes as well . 
 they do n't warn you about this shit when you first start talking to dead people . 
 i try to picture what it 's like on the other side ; i 've never queried a spirit on how it feels when i summon them . 
 is it a painful tug or more of a warm , delicious rush ? 
 i highly suspect i 'm feeding them . 
 ew . 
 i close my eyes for a few seconds , then turn off my radio , killing the chaotic snake hiss . 
 the conversation with my mother told me enough to get started . 
 if it 's a spell , it can be broken , right ? 
 magick wears off on its own , unless it 's powered by some natural source , a ley line for instance . 
 but i 'm not attached to anything like that . 
 time will probably dissipate it , but i need to recover the missing pieces of my life ; the hole 's bothering me , as if i 've forgotten something super important . 
 the room is still freezing when maria comes home a little later . 
 she pops her head in and shivers . 
 `` did you leave the window open ? '' 
 `` just closed it . '' 
 the lie seems better than an actual explanation . 
 `` fresh air is good if it does n't kill you , '' she says dubiously . 
 she 's a nice girl , two years older than me , but sometimes i feel ancient by comparison . 
 so far as i can tell , despite having an oddball family , she 's totally normal . 
 maria works at a jewelry store and goes to night school , learning to do hair . 
 which is cool and she 's good at it . 
 she 's already volunteered to help me freshen up the blue streaks in mine ; i have to do that often or the vivid color dies away to a sickly mermaid seafoam . 
 she looks somewhat like chuch , jesse 's family friend , but not enough to be alarming in a girl . 
 i just mean she has dark hair and eyes , plus a stocky build . 
 `` that 's pretty much the way i feel . '' 
 we make a little more awkward small talk because we 're roomies , not friends . 
 she tells me about her date and the movie she saw . 
 i joke about the kid who makes paper pirate hats in the food court . 
 she seems to think this suffices for polite interaction and says something about a shower . 
 i 'm relieved , as i do n't know anything about dealing with regular people . 
 i 'm like one of those kids from hogwarts , dodging through the train station and muttering , `` muggles . '' 
 once maria leaves , i shut my bedroom door . 
 i 'll scrub off my makeup later , after she goes to bed , like i always do . 
 this is a quirk , but i do n't enjoy people seeing me without it . 
 it 's armor in a way . 
 for me to let someone see my skin ? 
 it 's major . 
 like , i 've slept with guys who never did-and it 's probably why we broke up , too . 
 i pop my laptop , planning to watch some tv on the ` net , but my mail client dings . 
 no lie , my heart skips a beat when i see the name . 
 jesse saldana . 
 i got a couple of emails from him while we were moving me into this apartment , and he insisted on helping . 
 but since then , there have just been his casual visits to the mall . 
 which are definitely increasing in frequency . 
 opening the message , i read : hey , shan . 
 i 've been thinking about you since i got home , and i just want to make sure we 're okay . 
 it was a little awkward before i left . 
 or did i imagine it ? 
 i 'm trying really hard not to be a jackass here . 
 jesse i skim the words twice . 
 most of it , i do n't care about , but for obvious reasons , i fixate on i 've been thinking about you . 
 since i wake up with jesse saldana on my mind , i spend the workday daydreaming about him while making pretzels and pouring drinks for people , and then i come home to obsess about him some more , this seems like the least the universe can do to level the field . 
 i hate the word crush , but it so totally applies here . 
 and i do n't want to be that girl ; i kind of hate myself for it , actually . 
 so i decide to make him sweat . 
 deliberately , i close the program and find some free tv online ; there are sites that let you watch if you 're willing to put up with their stupid ads . 
 it 's on my to-do list to get a monthly subscription to netflix , but you need a credit card for that , and i 'm not exactly flush with cash . 
 so i watch this sitcom until i 'm tired enough to sleep , and it makes me happy to imagine jesse wondering why i have n't replied . 
 in this single matter , i agree with my mother . 
 it 's best to leave a man hungry . 
 three i 'm looking hot tonight . 
 maybe it 's immodest to say so , but i know what suits me and i 'm good with hair and makeup . 
 i suspect jesse 's never dated a girl who looks like me , though . 
 i could be wrong . 
 maybe he 's all about bad girls deep down ... and if so , he 's knocking on the right door . 
 before answering , i count to ten , then answer his hesitant tap , relishing his stunned expression when he takes in my platform boots , striped tights , short leather skirt and black corset top . 
 his gaze does n't reach my face for a full ten seconds , and then he jerks his eyes upward , looking so guilty that i could shove him against the wall and take a bite . 
 he cherishes a mistaken image of me as a helpless flower , and i want to scratch it off like a one-dollar lottery ticket . 
 `` i 'm ready , '' i say , smiling . 
 he looks like he 's torn between a compliment and telling me to go put on some pants . 
 instead , he only nods and ushers me downstairs , where his green forester is parked . 
 i notice his ride has seen better days and is in the process of being repaired , a little at a time . 
 `` what happened here ? '' 
 he frowns , seeming not to want to talk about it . 
 `` i. . . 
 car chase . 
 any thoughts on where you 'd like to eat ? '' 
 `` is n't that your job ? '' 
 i ask , teasing him . 
 `` to read my mood and figure it out ? '' 
 `` i ca n't tell if you want tacos or chinese , just based on - '' the words cut off as he registers what i really want . 
 and he stumbles from the intensity . 
 here 's a hint-it 's not food . 
 i ca n't tell you what it is about him ; i 've known hotter guys and i did n't spend my time thinking about them nak * d. i cop to being obsessed , officer . 
 you should definitely cuff me now . 
 part of me wonders if this attraction springs from the spell my mother mentioned . 
 maybe the magick tampered with my memory and made me crazy for jesse saldana . 
 if so , it 'll be awkward when the mojo wears off . 
 but i still would n't regret any bedroom action between us because he moves like he knows how to show a lady a good time . 
 jesse opens the door for me , the consummate gentleman , and i flash him some thigh as i climb into his suv . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 he narrows his eyes , dark and shadowed beneath the streetlights . 
 `` i care about you , shan , but you should n't push me . '' 
 `` too bad , because that 's exactly what i plan to do , '' i mutter . 
 circling around the truck , he does n't catch that , and it 's just as well . 
 after thinking aloud , he decides to take me to a dive his folks like . 
 it 's apparently a family place , noisy and crowded , one of those tiny neighborhood joints that you 'd be afraid to try if you did n't already know the food was delicious . 
 i can surmise why he 's chosen such a venue ; i 'm supposed to be a good girl if there are children running around and not allude to the fact that i want to end the night on top of him . 
 we 'll see . 
 he tells me about his day as he drives . 
 apparently it 's not always thrilling to be a cop , and i hear about the extensive interviewing he did . 
 his partner died a while back , and they just assigned him a new one . 
 her name is stella , and jesse likes her . 
 he 's also grateful that she 's ten years older than he is and happily married . 
 this carries us all the way to the small , adobe restaurant with hand-painted lettering on the front that reads tito 's . 
 there are lots of cars parked on the street too , always a good sign . 
 deliberately , i sit in the car until he comes around and opens my door . 
 he may not want to think of this as a date , but it definitely qualifies in my mind . 
 i hop down and take two steps toward tito 's . 
 people are sitting out front , eating tacos from styrofoam trays . 
 rising up on tiptoes , i can see there are no tables open indoors , but there are picnic tables out here . 
 this is the opposite of romantic , exactly what he was going for . 
 `` it smells great , '' i tell him . 
 he was expecting me to object , but they 've got proper pork roasting on a spit behind the counter , which means these tacos will taste right . 
 there 's nothing like tacos al pastor , loaded up with cilantro , green sauce , chopped onion , and fresh pineapple . 
 i pull up short , frowning . 
 why do i know that ? 
 for a few seconds , there was a voice in my head , making me think i 'm an expert on mexican food . 
 `` have i ever been to mexico ? '' 
 i ask jesse . 
 it 's a stupid question ... because how the hell would he know ? 
 he 's frowning , though , and he puts a hand to his head , like thinking about it hurts . 
 `` maybe , '' he finally offers . 
 `` are you all right ? '' 
 `` just hungry , i think . 
 i skipped lunch . '' 
 `` then go get some food . 
 i 'll grab a table . '' 
 `` right away . '' 
 he pretends to be irked that i 'm coming across bossy , but i see the smile playing at the corners of his mouth . 
 you ca n't fool me , jesse saldana . 
 you think i 'm pretty . 
 it does n't take long for him to come back with drinks in paper cups and two trays piled with tacos of varying types . 
 but they 're all made right , none of that crunchy shell nonsense , stuffed full of ground beef . 
 damn . 
 i have no idea where this attitude came from , but i 'm apparently awash in scorn for mexican fast food . 
 `` this is great , '' i say , digging in . 
 `` most women do n't like it . 
 no ambiance . '' 
 he stills , seeming to realize what he 's implying there . 
 too late . 
 you said it . 
 you ca n't unsay it . 
 `` i 'm not exactly the poster girl for normal . '' 
 `` normal 's overrated . '' 
 `` you saying you like what i 've got to offer ? '' 
 i smile at him , holding his gaze for several heartbeats . 
 `` shannon , stop . '' 
 i widen my eyes . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` flirting . '' 
 `` flirting never hurt anyone . 
 you 're a big , strong man . 
 you can take it . '' 
 he swallows . 
 `` seriously . 
 quit trying to make me want things i ca n't have . '' 
 `` but ... i 'm pretty sure you can . '' 
 i make a show of checking my phone for prior engagements . 
 `` yep . 
 i can pencil you in . 
 but it 'd be better if we go to your place . 
 maria might eavesdrop on our moaning and banging around . 
 do you break things during sex ? 
 i always wanted to knock over a lamp . '' 
 `` you 're incorrigible . '' 
 `` so corrige me , all night long . 
 i 'm positive i could be reformed by hands-on attention . '' 
 `` eat your dinner , '' he says in a suffocated voice . 
 `` will i get candy after ? 
 just so you know , i 'm not getting in your panel van . '' 
 he swears softly . 
 `` i 'd think you were screwing with me , if not for - '' `` the way i feel to you ? '' 
 i whisper . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 i swear , you could scoop up the atmosphere with a spoon . 
 he 's still , but i notice him breathing faster . 
 this is dirty pool , but i 'm not trying to suppress how much i want him . 
 i spackle it with levity , but this longing is a tidal wave . 
 i ca n't get enough oxygen . 
 there are people all around us , but i have the crazy feeling we 're inside a bubble ; the world recedes like a hitchhiker in the rearview mirror . 
 `` i 'm not going to lie , '' i tell him . 
 `` or pretend . 
 it 's up to you how to respond . '' 
 he clenches a hand on the table , apparently on edge . 
 then his voice drops deep and low , so i lean in to catch it . 
 `` i do n't break things . 
 i go gentle and slow . '' 
 `` that 's a shame . 
 i want you to be wild . '' 
 `` you know i 'm not a bad boy , right ? 
 i 'm the one mothers love to meet and their daughters love to f ** k over . '' 
 jesse sounds slightly bitter . 
 for a few seconds , i consider sending the dead to traumatize jesse 's exes . 
 then i choose sanity instead . 
 but i ca n't decide if his penchant for crazy girls makes his refusal to explore the chemistry between us better or worse . 
 does his reluctance mean i 'm too batshit to date him or not nutty enough ? 
 `` being a sweet guy does n't mean you have to repress your desires . '' 
 `` what makes you think i am ? '' 
 he scowls at me , devouring half a taco in one angry bite . 
 `` every guy has fantasies he 's afraid to share . 
 and if you 're slow and gentle all the time , it 's because you 're trying to make a woman feel loved . 
 but what men do n't understand is-sometimes we just want to be f ** ked . 
 we need a sexy beast , not prince charming . '' 
 i watch his reaction to that , then add , `` if you 're doing well , you make us feel cherished out of bed , and then we have rough , dirty sex . '' 
 he groans , scrubbing a palm across his face . 
 `` i 'm starting to suspect you 're a demon , a luren , maybe . '' 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 `` look it up , '' he mutters . 
 smart ass . 
 i 'll be on area 51 , searching that word , right after i get home . 
 unfortunately , i 'm pretty sure jesse means to drop me off untouched . 
 but he looks pained now ; i hope it 's because his pants are too tight . 
 unfortunately , the picnic table does n't offer a subtle way to check . 
 `` you know what your problem is ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` i 'm sure you plan to tell me . '' 
 i beam . 
 `` you so get me . 
 here 's what i see , cowboy . 
 you put women on a pedestal . 
 you worry about looking after them . 
 then they get sick of being handled with kid gloves and they bail on you . '' 
 jesse seems honestly astonished . 
 `` did eva tell you to say that ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i have n't seen her since i moved , though i get the occasional email . '' 
 `` how can you possibly know that ? 
 we have n't been friends that long . '' 
 but i hear the doubt in his voice . 
 he 's not sure when we met , either . 
 `` someone roofied us , '' i say . 
 `` magical roofies . 
 it 's the only explanation . '' 
 but this seems like a good time to elaborate on what my mom told me , so i do . 
 maybe jesse will have some idea who might 've wanted us to forget . 
 i have an awful suspicion that i did something horrible , and this was done to protect me . 
 i imagine setting my ghosts on a human being and shiver , staring at my fingers . 
 are these the hands of a killer ? 
 i 'd get away with it , too . 
 if the dead suck all the energy out of a person , they fall down and do n't get up . 
 it would look like a heart attack . 
 at length , i fall silent , waiting for his response . 
 `` you 're sure about this ? '' 
 he 's got his cop face on now , simultaneously alert and alarmed . 
 `` your mother 's reliable ? '' 
 `` not in life , but maybe death has improved her . '' 
 i suck it up and ask the hardest question ever . 
 `` do you think i 'm a good person ? '' 
 `` yeah , '' he answers without hesitation . 
 `` you dress dark , but you feel like sunshine to me , shan . 
 pure light . '' 
 nobody 's ever said that to me before . 
 i 'm sure , no matter what else i 've forgotten . 
 i 'd remember if a man had ever made me feel like the witch dorothy threw water on , melting from head to toe . 
 naturally , i ca n't let a moment so touching pass unremarked . 
 `` i would bang you like a gong , '' i tell him . 
 `` you 're too young to talk like that , '' he snaps . 
 `` i just did , so clearly that proves your hypothesis false . 
 i suppose if you added a mormon control group , you might find that some females my age do n't communicate in such a way , but - '' `` i 'm starting to understand why men kiss women to shut them up . '' 
 `` feel free . 
 i would n't find it disrespectful . '' 
 he shoves to his feet , goaded . 
 jesse hovers on the brink of grabbing me , but instead he clutches the tatters of his self-control and clears the remnants of our meal . 
 but no joke , he slams the rubbish into the bin like he 's punching a wall . 
 i love the fact that i 've riled him . 
 he 's usually so sweet and calm . 
 `` i better take you home . 
 i 'll ask around , regarding the spell , and i 'll let you know what i find out . '' 
 balls . 
 round one to jesse saldana , but i 'm in it to win it . 
 four since i have saturday off , i hop a bus that takes me partway to chuch and eva 's house . 
 they live outside of town , so it 's still a fair walk . 
 i could call instead , but if you 've ever tried talking to new parents on the phone , then you know why i 'm making the trip . 
 along the way , i turn down a couple of guys who slow with suggestive looks . 
 yeah , they 're offering more than a ride ... or rather , it 's not transportation they 're thinking about . 
 as with so many other facts , i 'm fuzzy on the details , but i get the impression that chuch used to be a badass before he settled down . 
 he has n't told me as much , but i suspect their old house burned as a result of his shady past . 
 on the plus side , the insurance paid , so they got a new house out of the deal , bigger and better than the old one , mostly because chuch and his cousins did most of the actual labor , so the money stretched . 
 the new place is beautiful . 
 it 's weird that i can remember what their old place looked like but not how long i 've been in laredo . 
 or how we met , exactly . 
 but i 'm used to that kind of thing-f ** king magick , man . 
 anyway , the architectural style borrows from a couple of schools , colonial and mediterranean , which maybe does n't sound like it would work , but together , they create an amalgam of texan charm , warm with stucco and mosaic tiles . 
 i walk up to the front door and ring the bell . 
 eva answers a few minutes later , looking harried . 
 baby camille is propped on her hip . 
 `` hey , shannon . 
 how are you ? 
 i 've been meaning to call , but these days , it seems like i stumble from nap to nap . '' 
 `` it 's not a problem . 
 can i come in for a few minutes ? '' 
 `` absolutely . 
 just be warned , the house is a mess . '' 
 sometimes when people say that , they 're being disingenuous and you step inside to find tidy decor worthy of martha stewart . 
 this is not the case with casa ortiz . 
 it kind of looks like a baby store exploded in here . 
 there are blankets and afghans everywhere , toys strewn on the floor . 
 a fine layer of dust coats everything , and i could n't tell you how long it 's been since the floor was mopped . 
 and there are frogs everywhere . 
 not live ones , but little ceramic or china knickknacks . 
 chuch collects them , apparently . 
 he says they 're good luck . 
 `` you want something to drink ? '' 
 eva looks so tired . 
 `` just water for me . 
 sit down ... i 'll get it . 
 what do you want ? '' 
 `` i want coffee , but i ca n't have it . 
 i 'm breastfeeding . 
 so water for me too . '' 
 from my stay with them before , i 'm familiar with how she organizes her cupboards , so i fill two glasses with ice and pour from the filtered pitcher eva keeps in the fridge . 
 then we both sit down at the kitchen table . 
 i feel guilty for bothering her , but i really need to know . 
 `` so i talked to my mom , '' i start . 
 both her brows shoot up . 
 `` i thought she was dead . '' 
 the weird thing is , i do n't remember telling her that ... but clearly she knows . 
 this is kind of like me knowing things about jesse that he ca n't recall sharing . 
 something super weird is going on here . 
 `` she is , '' i answer , my expression reminding her that for me , death 's not a barrier to conversation . 
 `` right . 
 you were saying ? '' 
 she jogs camille on her knee , which makes the baby smile , all pink gums and chubby cheeks . 
 `` i learned something interesting from her . 
 it appears that this brain fog comes from a spell . 
 do you know anything about that ? '' 
 for a split second , she freezes . 
 but i read the answer in her eyes . 
 she does know . 
 maybe not everything , but there are definitely secrets hidden in eva ortiz 's dark eyes . 
 yet she shakes her head . 
 `` that 's strange . 
 but it explains a lot . '' 
 `` would you tell me if i pissed off a witch ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` as far as i know , you have n't irked anyone . 
 i mean , you have n't been living in laredo that long , relatively speaking . '' 
 she shrugs . 
 `` but i would n't worry about it . 
 spells do n't last forever . 
 i 'm sure if you 're patient , your memories will return on their own . '' 
 `` easy for you to say , '' i mutter . 
 `` you 're not the one with a hole in your head . 
 figuratively speaking . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 her look becomes sympathetic . 
 `` it must be frustrating . '' 
 then why are you lying to me ? 
 but before i can press the point , chuch comes in the back door . 
 `` shan ! 
 you missed us , huh ? '' 
 chuch is a thick , short guy just starting to get a paunch . 
 considering how classically gorgeous eva is , they make a bit of an odd couple since his face can best be described as ... battered . 
 he 's also a hugger . 
 he demonstrates the latter by yanking me out of my chair and squashing me against his chest . 
 since he smells like motor oil , i guess he was working in the garage . 
 that 's how he makes his living , restoring old cars . 
 `` how 's it going , prima ? '' 
 chuch calls me `` coz '' like we 're related . 
 i 'm told it 's affectionate , meant to acknowledge me as family even though i 'm really not . 
 `` not great . '' 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 eva shoots him a sharp look , but camille interrupts with a loud noise , then the smell that permeates the kitchen is truly horrific . 
 if i were eating , i might hurl . 
 `` i need to take care of this , '' eva says . 
 `` before it eats through her skin , '' i mumble . 
 i 'm not sorry to see her go , however . 
 based on past experience , i know chuch is susceptible to big eyes and feminine pleading . 
 this means his daughter has him wrapped him around her pinkie . 
 maybe i can do the same . 
 i lean forward , elbows on the table , watching him as he fixes a glass of sweet tea . 
 `` so what 's on your mind ? '' 
 `` the amnesia spell somebody dropped on me . '' 
 he offers an assessing look , and his expression turns cagey . 
 `` you know about that ? '' 
 `` yep . '' 
 maybe i can make him think i know more than i do , trick him into revealing something crucial . 
 eva will be pissed , but i can live with that . 
 `` then you know it was done with the best of intentions . '' 
 i did n't , actually . 
 but that dovetails with my fear that i 've done something terrible , so bad it had to be wiped from my brain for me to cope . 
 a shiver rolls through me , and it 's not hard at all to aim an anguished look at chuch . 
 `` just tell me what happened , please . '' 
 `` shan , if i remind you of what the spell 's blocking too soon , the feedback could seriously hurt you . '' 
 `` so people keep telling me . '' 
 `` then you should listen . 
 we 're not keeping quiet to be a ** holes . '' 
 `` could 've fooled me . '' 
 but being rude will just annoy the few friends i have , so i shove to my feet . 
 `` thanks for the drink . 
 i should get home . '' 
 `` did maria drop you off ? '' 
 `` nah . 
 for me , it 's the bus , then the pedestrian shuffle . '' 
 i should 've lied because now he 's on his feet . 
 `` let me run you back . 
 it 's two miles to the nearest bus stop . '' 
 `` i 'm aware . 
 but you do n't need to - '' `` eva ! '' 
 chuch calls . 
 `` i 'll be back in half an hour . 
 i 'm taking shannon home . '' 
 `` pick up toilet paper and baby wipes ! '' 
 he sighs but he 's smiling . 
 `` i swear she thinks of something for me to buy anytime i leave the house . 
 it 's like she 's proving i 'm properly trained . '' 
 `` you love it . '' 
 `` it 's true . 
 come on . '' 
 chuch owns six cars in various stages of restoration , and he chooses the sportiest , a black charger . 
 i climb in , listening to him ramble about marriage and fatherhood . 
 this monologue would constitute complaining from any other guy , but chuch loves eva so much that he 's happy she 's there , organizing his life and telling him what to do . 
 i 've noticed that he does n't always listen , however . 
 sometimes he nods at whatever she says and then does something else . 
 he 's a fast driver , but safe , so it does n't take long to reach my neighborhood , much quicker than the bus . 
 i convince chuch to drop me off at the mom-and-pop store five blocks from my apartment , and through some miracle i persuade him to let me walk home afterward . 
 he comes in long enough to grab eva 's requested items , but he hurries off , officially relieved of responsibility . 
 i 'm grateful that people care what happens to me , but i need to take care of my own business . 
 in the market , i take my time since i 'm on a budget and it 's an exercise in humiliation if i bring more to the register than i can afford . 
 in my shopping basket , i 've got bread , cereal , milk , turkey , lettuce , noodles , tuna , tomatoes , and good cheese . 
 hopefully these groceries will last until my next payday . 
 at first , i do n't notice my shadow . 
 i mean , the guy 's not memorable : thin , middle-aged , wispy brown hair , and a sallow face . 
 he 's just another shopper in the small store , browsing among the pasta . 
 but when i turn down the next aisle , i see him move in the round , silver mirror hung at the back of the store . 
 a chill goes down my spine . 
 without my radio , i 'm as helpless as the next girl , and i do n't like the feeling . 
 as i shop , i watch the way he keeps pace . 
 i ca n't decide if this is regular pervert stalking or if he 's observing me for some other , possibly more alarming , reason . 
 it 's fine . 
 there are other people around . 
 i 'm a little nervous about walking home , but there are no back streets . 
 one of the reasons my half of the rent is so cheap is because the apartment 's on a main road , noisy , but there 's a bus stop nearby and shopping within walking distance . 
 it 's not upscale , but most of laredo has seen better days . 
 on the positive side , it only costs three hundred a month to live here , plus my share of the utilities . 
 the creeper 's still following me . 
 there 's only one cash register , so he waits for a few more people to get in line behind me , while he pretends to study a display . 
 then he joins the queue . 
 my heart beats faster as i wait my turn . 
 after check out , i have two dollars and forty-six cents left . 
 could be worse . 
 i already gave maria the rent money , and the other bills are n't due until later . 
 i might need to take a second job in order to afford tuition , but that leaves the excellent question of when i 'll find the time to attend classes . 
 whatever . 
 i hurry out of the store , wondering if he 'll drop his items and follow . 
 when he does , it feels like ice freezing at the base of my spine . 
 instead of leaving the parking lot , i set my bags down and get out my phone . 
 when mr. nondescript pops out of the market , i snap a picture . 
 `` i 'm sending this to my boyfriend , who 's a cop . '' 
 jesse is n't , but this a ** hole does n't know that . 
 `` if i catch you tailing me again , i 'm sure he 'll find something to charge you with . '' 
 the man stills , scanning me head to toe at a leisurely pace , and i feel like i need a hot shower . 
 or maybe i need to sit in the shower to rock and weep ... because i 've never felt tainted by a look before . 
 in the afternoon sunlight , his eyes glint strangely , first yellow , and then red , like blood 's flowing inside his sclera . 
 `` well-played , ms. cheney . 
 i assure you , you wo n't spot me next time . 
 not until it 's too late . '' 
 `` what does that even mean ? '' 
 it sounded like a threat . 
 but he 's already striding away , crossing the busy street with a speed and agility entirely foreign to his build . 
 belatedly i realize , that bastard knew my name . 
 at that point , my flight instinct kicks in . 
 i grab my stuff and sprint all the way home . 
 maria 's at work , so she does n't witness my collapse against the front door . 
 all my natural intuition tells me that guy was n't normal . 
 i feel like such a dipshit since i 've been full of big ideas about taking care of myself , but this is weightier than dinner or the phone bill . 
 so i type a succinct message to jesse about my creeper and then send him the photo . 
 i 'm surprised when he calls me five minutes later . 
 i figured he 'd be tied up in interviews today , but he might have the day off . 
 i have n't memorized his work schedule or anything . 
 `` you all right , sugar ? '' 
 his voice is buttery sweet , warm with concern , and my toes actually curl . 
 `` yeah , he just freaked me out . '' 
 `` tell me what happened , exactly what he said . '' 
 so i repeat the encounter , word for word . 
 he sounds troubled when he replies . 
 `` sounds like you 've drawn somebody 's eye . '' 
 `` not a normal perv , right ? '' 
 `` i 'd say no . 
 be careful , okay ? '' 
 `` do you think this has to do with the spell ? '' 
 he hesitates . 
 i so wish i could see his face right now . 
 `` hard to say . 
 maybe . '' 
 `` chuch and eva know something , by the way . 
 but they 're not talking . 
 did you find anything out ? '' 
 `` sort of . 
 there 's no relevant chatter on area 51 , but ... today , my boss asked me if i was still dating that sweet redheaded girl . '' 
 he 's seeing someone ? 
 what the hell . 
 somehow i keep my voice from trembling . 
 `` well , are you ? '' 
 `` that 's the strange thing , shan . 
 to the best of my recollection , i 've never gone out with anyone like that . '' 
 `` just how big is this spell ? '' 
 i wonder . 
 `` no idea . 
 but we need to get to the bottom of it . '' 
 his voice deepens , softens . 
 `` you 'll stay safe for me , right ? '' 
 `` anything for you , '' i answer breezily , and i guarantee he has no idea how much i mean it . 
 five sunday is laundry day . 
 i use two bucks to wash my work uniforms , which is almost all i wear during the week , so i 'm set when monday rolls around . 
 the next morning , i take the bus to work , as usual , and i 'm jumpy , watching for the spooky dude , but i do n't spot him . 
 there 's just the usual bunch of commuters who ca n't afford a car or insurance or both . 
 they nod at me as i board ; i lift my chin in response . 
 i sit next to an older woman who clutches her bag as if i 'm likely to mug her . 
 people often respond that way to the piercings and my general style . 
 it 's not personal , though . 
 i 've watched folks with similar looks receive the same treatment . 
 it 's a decent day , bright enough and unlikely to rain . 
 most of us hop off at the mall and i traipse inside , ignoring the kid from the hamburger stand who 's puffing away near the ashtrays ; he looks like he is n't even old enough to buy smokes . 
 i give him a wide berth . 
 despite my cold shoulder , he falls into step beside me . 
 `` should n't you be in school ? '' 
 i ask . 
 that makes him scowl . 
 `` i graduated last year . '' 
 `` and you 've come so far . 
 your mother must be so proud . '' 
 `` i do n't know why i bother trying to be nice to you . '' 
 so maybe he 's attempting humor when he makes the paper pirate hat ? 
 or possibly it 's a nerd courtship ritual . 
 `` it 's a mystery to us all . '' 
 he follows me to the food court . 
 during this interminable walk , i learn his name is felix and he wants to be an optometrist but his grades were n't good enough to get into the university of his choice , so he 's taking a year off to figure out his next step . 
 i 'm puzzled why he thinks i care enough to merit this vomitous outpouring of personal information . 
 `` now you , '' he prompts as we cross through the tables . 
 `` that 's how conversation works . '' 
 `` my name 's shannon . 
 i was born in the deep south in a cursed little town , one full of witches , demons , and shit . 
 then some horrible things happened , and i probably killed my mother , but because i have partial amnesia , i ca n't be sure . 
 now i 'm working at pretzel pirate , which might literally be an annex in hell . 
 who says there 's no such thing as karma ? '' 
 to my surprise , he cracks up . 
 `` okay , i get it , i 'm pushy . 
 talk to you later , shannon ... if that is your real name . '' 
 huh . 
 telling the truth is fun , boys and girls . 
 bemused , i head toward my penance for the bad deeds i do n't clearly remember . 
 opening at pretzel pirate has become second nature ; i could do it in my sleep . 
 i set the dough in the machines , put pretzels in the oven , and turn on various gadgets . 
 work passes with routine issues , like people bitching that their pretzel is too soft , not crispy enough , or i did n't top it with enough jalapeno cheese . 
 the hamburger stand closes an hour before pretzel pirate , so i get to chat with felix before he gets too hungry to wait any longer . 
 this is good because if he 's still here when i close , he 'll ask me to dinner . 
 i can read the signs , but there 's no way in hell that would ever happen . 
 we may be the same age , but he looks like a toddler to me . 
 he 's barely pubescent , let alone interesting in a sexual fashion . 
 as i 'm locking up , i get a text from jesse . 
 come out the west doors . 
 i 'm taking you home . 
 if i did n't have the dude from yesterday fresh in my mind , i 'd bitch at him . 
 it 's only nine fifteen , and i 've been taking the bus for weeks . 
 yet tonight , the mall seems silent and faintly ominous as i pass through the food court ; i do n't see any security guards and the stores have all shut down . 
 metal gates cover the shops , and the fountains are n't flowing . 
 maybe i 've seen too many zombie movies . 
 despite my best intentions , i quicken my steps . 
 it 's probably my imagination , but the faster i move , the surer i feel that someone 's watching me . 
 i mean , there 's a night watchman on the security cameras . 
 maybe that 's what i 'm sensing . 
 goose bumps rise on my arms . 
 i feel ... hunted . 
 darkness flashes to my right , but when i turn , there 's nothing , just a residual chill . 
 bullshit to this . 
 i take off toward the western exit , easier in my pretzel pirate shoes than it would be in combat boots . 
 to my astonishment , jesse comes tearing at me , his strides ringing on the tile floor . 
 he stops when he sees nobody 's chasing me . 
 that 's when i realize he 's drawn his weapon . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 `` that 's what i 'd like to know , '' he snaps . 
 `` but ... '' i do n't even know what to ask . 
 he was running like he thought my life was actively in danger . 
 now , i figure i probably overreacted . 
 i 've got a vivid imagination . 
 `` you were scared to death , '' he says softly . 
 my eyes widen . 
 `` you could tell ? '' 
 he ignores the implicit question . 
 `` did you see the guy again ? '' 
 `` no , i just ... '' it sounds dumb . 
 `` i felt like i was n't alone , as if somebody was watching me . '' 
 `` it 's possible . 
 show me where . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` humor me . '' 
 so i lead him back to the spot where the impression was strongest , just past the dark water in the silent fountain . 
 jesse pulls a pewter keychain out of his pocket , but there are no keys attached . 
 he cradles it between his palms and walks a slow circuit around the area . 
 finally he stops , his gaze level and somber . 
 `` you did n't imagine it . 
 scrying magick 's been used here recently . 
 the water is a natural conductor for those kinds of spells . '' 
 `` maybe it was the weirdo from yesterday . 
 he did say i wo n't see him again until it 's too late . '' 
 i sound calmer than i feel . 
 this makes no sense . 
 why would the gifted hunt me ? 
 if they need me to contact a dead relative , i 'll do it for twenty bucks , a six-pack , and a pizza . 
 jesse pulls out his phone . 
 `` you see the odd shadings on his skin ? '' 
 it 's the photo i sent him . 
 `` yeah , i figured it was my crappy camera . '' 
 absently , he shakes his head , reaching for me . 
 speechless , i let him lace our fingers together . 
 it 's a protective gesture , not a romantic one , but i 'm f ** king holding hands with jesse saldana , so i 'd be crazy to complain . 
 his fingers are lean and long , callused in the right places , and his palm is hard against mine . 
 `` let 's walk and talk . 
 i showed this to someone on my lunch hour today . '' 
 `` oh ? '' 
 `` she said the discolorations are consistent with long-term demonic possession . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 i know demons are real ... and they usually do n't have enough power to traverse the gate between our worlds physically . 
 it requires less juice to send mental energy , which results in a person being driven like a meat wagon . 
 that 's not news , but i 'm startled to hear my stalker is most likely extra-dimensional . 
 mustering some presence of mind , i add , `` so can your thingie tell if witch or demon magick was used to spy on me ? '' 
 `` unfortunately , no . 
 but i 'll feel better once we get out of here . '' 
 `` they might still be watching ? 
 why ? '' 
 `` i wish i knew , shan . 
 let 's go . '' 
 he tugs gently on my hand , and we hurry back toward the exit . 
 the air 's still cold inside the mall , a chill deeper and more disturbing than what comes from good air conditioning . 
 there 's a faint smell too , sickly sweet , like death drizzled in honey . 
 i do n't look back as jesse shoves the door open . 
 he 's left his forester parked at the yellow curb , and the engine is running . 
 in fact , the driver-side door 's open , too . 
 `` you were pretty worried about me , huh ? '' 
 i imagine him getting a wash of my emotional state and coming at a dead run . 
 oh , jesse . 
 so many ways i 'd love you , if you 'd let me . 
 `` for good reason , as it turns out . '' 
 he opens my door and waits until i 'm settled to shut it behind me . 
 i could get used to being treated like a princess , as long as he brings the dirty cowboy to bed . 
 of course , i 'm still working on that development , but it 's a good sign that the idea of me in danger scared the shit out of him . 
 he starts the suv and pulls out of the mall parking lot . 
 for a few seconds , i watch as he eyes his rearview mirror , but nobody seems to be following . 
 they do n't have to ; they can use standing water to watch me . 
 note to self-showers only until we resolve this shit . 
 jesse drives to my place , but he does n't drop me off . 
 instead he escorts me to the door . 
 `` i 'll wait here . 
 pack a few things . '' 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 `` i 'm not leaving you here alone when we have no idea what 's going on . '' 
 `` i have a roommate and i know how to dial 911 . '' 
 `` so you 're willing to endanger maria ? '' 
 `` that 's a low blow , but i 'm not going home with you , jesse . 
 not unless you 're taking me there for better reasons . '' 
 `` shan - '' `` g'night . 
 thanks for the ride . '' 
 i do n't think he expects me to close the door in his face . 
 when i turn , i spot maria in the hall , just stepping out of the bathroom . 
 `` did i hear voices ? '' 
 i squelch the urge to reply , i dunno , but if so , you should check your medication . 
 `` yeah , i bummed a lift from a friend . '' 
 `` the hot cop ? 
 are you guys a thing ? '' 
 she skims me up and down , not meant to be insulting , but i suspect she ca n't picture jesse and me together . 
 dammit . 
 neither can he . 
 `` nope . 
 he 's just overprotective . 
 apparently the public transportation system is fraught with many and myriad dangers . '' 
 `` you should go for it , '' she advises . 
 `` i 'm trying , '' i mumble . 
 `` i 'd offer to lend you some sexy undies , but i do n't think they would fit . '' 
 that 's not a slam . 
 maria 's butt is bigger than mine , plus who wants to borrow sexy panties ? 
 pass . 
 `` thanks . 
 i appreciate the thought , though . '' 
 maria heads to her room after that . 
 we do n't talk extensively , but she 's a decent roomie , here enough that i do n't feel totally alone , but she 's not always in my business , either . 
 first i wash the pretzel pirate smell off , then i make a salad . 
 along with some tuna and buttered noodles , this is dinner . 
 i 'm not much of a cook , but i 've gotten good at putting healthy meals together from fairly little . 
 maria goes to bed while i 'm still eating , so i turn on the tv for company . 
 i 'm almost ready to turn in when my phone vibrates with a text from jesse . 
 you drive me crazy . 
 why wo n't you let me protect you ? 
 i reply , that 's not your job . 
 you 're my friend , not my lover or my bodyguard . 
 there 's a pause between messages . 
 i picture him on the couch , like i am , frowning at his phone . 
 if we were together , would you fight me this much ? 
 elation surges through me . 
 he might not realize it , but that reveals how much his thinking has changed in a relatively short time . 
 even if it 's a hypothetical question born of aggravation , it also means he 's wondering what we 'd be like as a couple . 
 so obviously , i flirt with him . 
 that depends , i answer . 
 how much do you like it ? 
 a whole lot ... and not at all . 
 look , j , i 'm never gon na sit on a pedestal and wait . 
 i 'm not that kind of princess . 
 i 'll insist you take me with you to storm the castle and i 'll carry my own sword . 
 you wo n't let me slay your dragons ? 
 i imagine him saying it in a soft , teasing tone . 
 without hesitation , i type , there 's only one circumstance where i would . 
 what 's that ? 
 he responds so fast ; there 's no way he 's doing anything but talking to me . 
 that makes me ridiculously happy . 
 his dinner might be cooling on the table beside him , the tv playing unnoticed . 
 if you want me to say yes to you , you have to say yes to me . 
 blackmail 's illegal . 
 but damned if you do n't make it tempting . 
 that 's the idea . 
 night , cowboy . 
 six all through the week , jesse sends me texts and emails . 
 those messages are the high point of my day , no matter what he says . 
 sometimes he writes about how work 's going , though nothing specific about his cases . 
 other times , he talks about his partner , and then rarely , his family . 
 i wonder if he realizes how much he 's sharing , how much he 's opening up . 
 i keep teasing him , and soon he 's flirting back . 
 it 's easier to get him to respond this way , possibly because he 's not looking at me and thinking how young i am . 
 wednesday , maria and i have a chris pine movie marathon by connecting my laptop to the tv ; she has a netflix account-or rather , she knows a cousin 's password . 
 so we 're all set . 
 as we 're watching mr. pine use psychic powers , i try not to think about the weirdo who was watching me . 
 i have n't sensed anything out of place since then , but that does n't mean i 'm clear . 
 it 's hard to feel safe when somebody could be staring up at you from your dishwater . 
 a text comes in from jesse as the last movie ends . 
 what 're you doing ? 
 admiring chris pine 's hotness . 
 he 's older than i am ! 
 like i care . 
 or as if age would stop me . 
 what 's your point ? 
 mentally , i hear him sighing . 
 never mind . 
 i wish you were here . 
 texts and emails are fine , but i want to talk . 
 about what ? 
 i just miss you , that 's all . 
 this feels like a huge admission . 
 so i stand up and say to maria , who 's been watching me text , `` i 'm gon na call it a night . '' 
 `` sure . 
 it was fun . 
 we should do it again . '' 
 `` chris evans next time ? '' 
 i suggest . 
 `` deal . '' 
 once i 'm in my room with the door shut behind me , i dial jesse 's number . 
 i 'm not a phone talker , you understand , but i 'll make an exception to capitalize on this emotional confession . 
 it rings twice before he answers . 
 i 'm already snuggled down on my futon . 
 low-level arousal percolates through me as i picture him doing the same . 
 in my head , he 's in bed and shirtless , listening to my voice . 
 mmm , yeah . 
 `` here i am , '' i say . 
 `` shan ... '' his voice is rich , the drawl pronounced , and he imbues my name with a kind of longing i 've never heard before . 
 `` you ca n't make me feel this way . '' 
 `` are you sure it 's me and not you ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` that 's the problem . 
 i 'm never sure . '' 
 `` you would be with me . '' 
 silently , i replay his words in my head . 
 is he picking up how i feel , from all the way across town ? 
 i do n't know much about empathy , but that 's an enormous range . 
 `` how do you keep from drowning in other people 's emotions ? '' 
 i ask , before i can think better of it . 
 `` it does n't work like that . 
 the distance is more of a gauge , '' he mutters . 
 from his tone , it 's clear he does n't care to elaborate . 
 and that makes me even more determined to get an answer . 
 `` of what ? '' 
 `` how much i care . '' 
 `` so you care ... a laredo-sized amount about me ? '' 
 `` shan , '' he whispers . 
 `` i doubt you could go anywhere that i would n't feel you . '' 
 oh . 
 my . 
 god . 
 he goes on , `` i have n't felt like this since high school . 
 you 're burning me alive . '' 
 `` that 's not a bad thing . '' 
 `` said the flame to the moth . '' 
 he must be wondering how he 'd explain me to his friends and family , his work colleagues . 
 i wo n't change for him . 
 if he wants me , i come with gothic splendor . 
 he has to love me enough not to care what other people think or how they feel about us together . 
 i do n't know if jesse has that much of a lawless streak in him . 
 i sure hope so . 
 and it 's not like i 'm jailbait . 
 i 'm just not the girl anybody would pick for him . 
 `` you seem to think i 'm bent on your destruction . '' 
 `` sometimes it feels that way . 
 no matter how many times i tell myself it 's a bad idea , i close my eyes and see your face . '' 
 `` i 'm good with that . '' 
 then i disconnect the call because i 'm ready to turn it into something filthy , and i do n't think jesse 's ready for that . 
 i suspect he 'd feel guilty if we had phone sex , which would set us back . 
 i text him a good night , and then i handle my own needs , all the while conscious that he 's probably feeling everything i do . 
 i consider how he might respond , and that 's enough to make me arch and quiver . 
 afterward , i 'm glowing when i get his texted reply to my emotional message . 
 god , that was good . 
 for obvious reasons , i start all over again . 
 on friday , i 've been working for about four hours when i straighten up too close to the drink machine and whack my head . 
 there 's a line of customers , and a few of them act like they might slip behind the stand to help me . 
 mark would throw a fit and probably fire me ; i can hear him ranting about liability . 
 god , training with him sucked so much . 
 through sparkling vision , i mumble , `` i 'm fine , just give me a few seconds . '' 
 i stumble through their service , and they 're all humane enough not to whine . 
 i probably give them the wrong food and beverages , but i 'm barely conscious . 
 afterward , it 's like that impact shook something loose-or broke it more likely-but now i 've got this picture sitting in the front of my head . 
 from the outside , it looks like an oriental trading company , a shop where they sell rugs , fans , and cute imported things . 
 i see myself walking into the store , through the front , and into a private room in back . 
 here , it 's clearly an arcane supply house with wards , runes , wands , herbs , athames , and other rare spell components . 
 since i 'm pretty sure i ca n't cast spells , i ca n't fathom what i was doing there . 
 i get flashes , too , of the woman who accompanied me , but there 's a blank spot where her face should be , one i just ca n't fill-and pushing ends with me crouched on the floor , cradling my head . 
 bumping it was painful , and i 've got a lump rising ; this is more of an iron spike through my frontal lobe . 
 felix comes jogging over . 
 `` damn , you okay ? 
 i heard that bang from across the way , over the whir of the milkshake machine . '' 
 `` you 're hilarious . '' 
 `` you do n't look good . 
 come on , sit down for a minute . '' 
 i let him help me up and lead me out to the nearest table . 
 unless my vision clears up , there 's no way i can finish my shift . 
 which is unfortunate because the manager 's on vacation for two weeks . 
 he 's been running the place with little help for months , not too surprising , given the uniforms and the pay . 
 my hours might get cut once he comes home , but i 'll worry about that later . 
 like when my brain is n't trying to leak out my ears . 
 `` is there anyone you can call to cover your shift ? '' 
 felix asks . 
 `` maybe . '' 
 it 's past three , so tim , the high school boy who works on the weekends , might be able to come in . 
 but we 're not supposed to swap hours without mark 's approval . 
 but i do n't give two craps about policy at the moment . 
 after a few seconds , i hobble back to the stand , the ache in my head subsided to a low roar , and i dig for the personnel roster . 
 soon i 'm on the phone , begging tim to save me . 
 `` i 'll work all day tomorrow for you , promise . '' 
 `` deal , '' he says . 
 four hours for eight is a bargain . 
 despite working at pretzel pirate , tim is no fool . 
 he gets a free saturday out of this arrangement . 
 as i disconnect , a coworker calls felix back to continue flipping burgers , and i dig the yellow pages out from beneath the counter , then look up the shop . 
 i recall the name from the signage , and to my surprise , i find the listing . 
 huh . 
 i tap the page . 
 so it 's a real place downtown ... and i 'm not crazy . 
 i enter the address in my phone and then use an online service to figure out what buses to take from here . 
 i note that on my phone , too . 
 hopefully , if i make all the right connections , i 'll get there before closing time . 
 i ca n't shake the certainty that it 's important . 
 honestly , that 's why i 'm so set on getting out of here . 
 i could finish work with a sore skull , but since tim agreed to fill in , i 'm heading out as soon as he shows ; maybe the place will jog my memory . 
 it only takes fifteen minutes for tim to saunter in . 
 he moves slow , but he 's a good worker , and he 's not annoying like mark . 
 he eyes the bump on my head and says , `` i get it . 
 no explanation necessary . '' 
 `` some days are like that , '' i say with a sigh . 
 he grins . 
 `` most of mine , actually . 
 later , shannon . '' 
 as i 'm heading for the bus stop , my phone beeps . 
 honestly , i 'm surprised jesse has n't messaged me sooner . 
 i 'm not 100 % sure if i love being looped in so tightly , but on the other hand , it means he cares . 
 so i can handle the attention , especially when it comes with perks like the other night . 
 this might sound dumb , but are you all right ? 
 minor head trauma , self-inflicted . 
 nothing to worry about . 
 but worrying is my only superpower . 
 lies . 
 you also look amazing in jeans . 
 it 's absurd that i can enjoy flirting with him so much via text . 
 but i 'm smiling as i board the bus . 
 patting my bag , i make sure my radio 's still in place . 
 since that freaky meet-up outside the market , i do n't go anywhere without it . 
 my magickal focus , so to speak , fits in a backpack , so there 's no reason for me to go unarmed , especially when things could turn scary in a split second . 
 reassured that i 'm not helpless , i transfer near downtown and ride a little farther , then i hop off a block from the store . 
 the whole time , i 'm aware somebody could be following me , but i do n't see anyone . 
 nobody else gets off at my stop , anyway , and there are no puddles they can use to spy on me . 
 i hurry along the sidewalk and enter the trading company . 
 a bell jingles , and i 'm overcome by an urge to leave . 
 the feeling almost chokes me , but i force myself to continue deeper into the shop . 
 as i get closer to the back room , the aversion dissipates . 
 i push through the curtain , and everything 's just as i 'd pictured in my mind 's eye . 
 only i do n't remember coming here per se ; it 's more like a dream . 
 an elderly woman sits behind the counter . 
 she watches me with still , dead eyes , and she does n't smile . 
 customarily , a greeting might be in order or an offer to help the customer find what she 's looking for . 
 this clerk tracks my movements with her eyes , which seem impossibly dark and deep , too much for her grandmotherly demeanor . 
 for god 's sake , she has knitting on the counter . 
 i feel weird thinking she 's pure evil , like i might be guilty of ageism , but i have the same feeling now as i did the other night at the mall . 
 i hardly dare to breathe as i move through the shop , pretending to look at the arcane accoutrements . 
 i suspect this might 've been a mistake . 
 why did n't i tell jesse where i was going ? 
 i 'm wondering if they can track my phone . 
 he 'll try that , right , when i turn up missing ? 
 then i remember that 's for contract phones and mine 's pay-as-you-go . 
 dammit . 
 `` are you looking for anything in particular ? '' 
 she speaks at last , and her voice has an awful quality , like a dead thing scrabbling up from the bottom of a well . 
 `` i 'm just browsing . '' 
 what the hell . 
 since i came all this way , i might as well ask what 's on my mind . 
 `` this might be an odd question , but ... have i ever been in here before ? '' 
 and that 's when the old woman vaults the counter like a stick bug and tries to kill me . 
 seven i stumble back a few steps and topple a display between us . 
 the shattering glass slows her down long enough for me to pop open my backpack . 
 dodging between display racks , i weave away from her . 
 madness and malevolence radiate from her in smothering waves , and she 's eerily silent , just the rough gasps of a body unused to such physical exertion . 
 `` maybe we could talk things through , '' i offer . 
 `` get some counseling ? 
 i 'm sure whatever it is i did to you , which i apparently do n't remember , i can make amends . 
 how do you feel about macrame rugs ? '' 
 her bony fist smashes through some stained-glass shelving , and her blood spatters me as i dive away . 
 it smells faintly of rotten eggs . 
 `` so that 's a no on arts and crafts ? '' 
 when she sweeps her arm across a shelf , crystal shards rain down , tangling in my hair . 
 at her next attack , some kind of dust explodes all over us , making me choke , but it hampers the crazy demonic assassin as well . 
 close up , i can see the uneven patches on her skin . 
 her eyes roll in her head , spinning like no human could manage , and that creeps me out enough that i almost drop my radio . 
 almost . 
 i tug at the dials with cold , shaking fingers . 
 i 've never tried to summon whatever spirits might be listening , but i need help . 
 so i spin at random and call out , `` restless dead , i summon you to this place , i call you to my aid . '' 
 at first it seems like i 've chosen a bad channel and nothing 's within the sound of my voice . 
 worried , i duck the heavy urn she hurls at me . 
 if she keeps this up , she 'll destroy the store 's whole inventory . 
 also , she 'll open my head like a melon . 
 of the two , i 'm more concerned about the latter . 
 i jiggle the dial and mutter the call again , and this time , i feel them coming . 
 the temperature in the room drops by ten degrees , sending a chill down my spine . 
 tingles radiate outward from where my fingers are touching the radio , my energy fueling their hunger , but it 's not sated . 
 i could never give enough to make them feel warm or whole . 
 this is like tossing a few scraps to a starving predator . 
 though it 's dusk outside , that purple plum of a sunset , it 's darker still in the store , as if some pagan god dropped a black bag over the sun . 
 `` drain her , '' i command . 
 darkness swarms around the old woman . 
 i stop running then , watching in horrified fascination as her body pulls taut , held by unseen hands . 
 her feet come up , nearly off the floor , and she quakes from head to toe . 
 at first , she lashes out , snarling in incoherent rage , but her skin grows paler and paler , then the creature driving her body leaps away . 
 it 's hard to distinguish its sooty swirl from my starving spirits , but i track the energy ; it dives from the old woman into the telephone , and i 'm astonished . 
 is that how demons travel ? 
 if they 're energy , it stands to reason they could pass in telephone or electrical wires , right ? 
 holy shit . 
 it makes me want to break all my electronics , right this minute . 
 but i 'm so busy pondering the implications that i almost forget to stop the feast . 
 `` stop ! '' 
 i call . 
 `` do n't kill her . 
 restless dead , i send you from this place . '' 
 the room chills further , and i fear they wo n't listen . 
 part of me wonders why they heed me at all . 
 but the ghosts withdraw in a misty blur , quick as they came . 
 the old woman drops in a heap on the floor , amid the wreckage . 
 with trembling hands , i turn off the radio . 
 there 's no sign of what truly happened here , apart from her collapse and my minor injuries . 
 how the hell can i explain this ? 
 good thing i 've got a cop on speed dial , but like usual , he 's already calling me . 
 `` shan , what the fuck ? '' 
 `` hey . 
 so can you please send emts ... and i 'd appreciate it if you came too . 
 there will be questions ... and i do n't know what to say . '' 
 i give him the address . 
 `` are you hurt ? '' 
 he sounds frantic . 
 i hear horns honking , jesse swearing , and the screech of tires . 
 `` i 'll be there in fifteen minutes . 
 sit tight . 
 wait , no , first get to a safe location and sit tight . '' 
 the fact that he 's repeating himself is kind of adorable . 
 `` i 'm not hurt . 
 the ambulance is for someone else . '' 
 i kneel beside the old woman and press two fingers to her throat . 
 `` she 's alive but in bad shape . '' 
 `` christ almighty , shan . '' 
 he produces a string of curses that would impress me at any other time . 
 `` i 'm hanging up now . 
 i 'll be here , and you need to focus on your driving . '' 
 he 's still ranting when i cut the call . 
 sometimes i think jesse 's not used to females like me . 
 i sit down beside the old woman , feeling horrible and helpless , but was i supposed to let her kill me ? 
 i did the best i could . 
 heart heavy , i dig into my bag and produce a chocolate bar . 
 eating it keeps me from passing out . 
 jesse arrives before the medical personnel . 
 he runs through the shop , apparently not bothered by the aversion spell that rocked me in the front of the store . 
 i guess if you can shake it off , you belong here . 
 his cop instincts make him clear the room before he approaches , then he kneels beside me . 
 `` what the hell happened here ? '' 
 i give him the nutshell version of how i remembered this place and thought visiting might help . 
 then i explain the woman 's weird reaction and how she went after me . 
 he can tell by looking at her she 's been hosting for a while , as that 's not good for your health , but this account wo n't satisfy the authorities . 
 quickly , he searches the premises , and i watch , puzzled . 
 `` what 're you doing ? '' 
 `` quiet . 
 i 'll deal with you later . '' 
 hm . 
 i like the sound of that . 
 so i shut up , letting him do his thing . 
 at last he comes back , seeming relieved . 
 `` this is a break for us . 
 there are no security cameras , so we 'll go with an unknown assailant . 
 caucasian male , late twenties , brown hair , no distinguishing features . '' 
 he pauses . 
 `` that 's your report , right , ms. cheney ? '' 
 i see where he 's going with this . 
 that 's too general a description to convict anyone ; it applies to billions of men across the country . 
 `` absolutely . 
 he tore up the place and scared the clerk so bad , she had some kind of seizure . 
 i ran away from him and called you ... because we 're acquainted and i thought you might come faster than 911 . '' 
 i wish i could use a stronger word to describe our relationship , but i rather doubt jesse wants me to announce that i 'd give a kidney to f ** k him , especially in official documents . 
 the emts race in , just as i 'm concluding this version of events . 
 other police officers arrive as well , and they start the inquiry . 
 jesse tries to shield me from the worst of it , but he ca n't keep the rest of the force from trying to figure out what happened . 
 fortunately , the shop is busted up enough that they ca n't be sure what kind of goods were sold . 
 some of the powders and potions would probably draw strange looks if the officers were reading the labels instead of questioning me . 
 the ambulance takes the old woman away , and i 'm left repeating my story , hoping it does n't sound rehearsed . 
 i do n't have to pretend i 'm shaken or that i ca n't remember much because , oh my god , it all happened so fast . 
 i 've seen enough cop shows to be confident these guys hear that all the time from agitated witnesses . 
 finally , jesse says , `` i 'd like to get the cuts on her hands checked out . 
 i 'll make sure she comes in for a follow-up interview . '' 
 `` i think we 're good , actually . '' 
 the other cop puts away his notepad . 
 `` it was probably a tweaker , looking for some fast cash . 
 do n't imagine he found any in a place like this . 
 they usually knock over convenience stores . '' 
 `` maybe he was just in the neighborhood , '' jesse says with a straight face . 
 the uniformed officer laughs . 
 `` crime of opportunity ? 
 maybe . 
 it does n't sound like much planning went into this . '' 
 soon after , jesse escorts me to his suv , makes sure i buckle up , and then he drives exactly two blocks . 
 for the first time , i notice how tightly he 's locked himself down , like if he did n't have his hands balled into fists , he 'd be screaming and punching things . 
 is it odd that i find this self-control insanely hot , even while i 'm contemplating all the delicious ways i can make him lose it ? 
 he jams his finger into my seat belt button and drags me up into his arms , across the console and onto his lap . 
 i settle , deciding this is n't the time to fight him . 
 jesse runs his hands up and down my back , burying his face in the curve between my neck and shoulder . 
 tentative , i touch his jaw , bristly with scruff , and then walk my fingers up his cheek to his temple , stroking back toward his hair . 
 `` i 'm fine , '' i whisper . 
 `` i handled it . 
 i just needed an assist with the logistics afterward . '' 
 `` i ca n't take this , shan . 
 do you have any idea how much i worry ? 
 i think about someone hurting you and i ca n't f ** king breathe . 
 i want to invent a hundred new kinds of pain and teach it to anyone who looks at you the wrong way . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' he snarls . 
 `` that 's a copout . 
 or a lie . '' 
 `` because you 're in me like a fever . 
 i wake up thinking about you . 
 i go to sleep that way . 
 i find you in my dreams . '' 
 `` what 'm i doing ? '' 
 `` me , '' he bites out . 
 and then he kisses me like he needs me more than air . 
 his mouth is fierce and hot , ravenous as he nuzzles into me , tongue surging in lavish strokes . 
 i can feel his desire , both from the hard length under my ass , and because he 's totally lost the reins on his gift . 
 powerful empaths do n't just read emotions ; they can also broadcast , but i 've never known jesse to do that . 
 he 's off the chain now , though , wild as a texas storm and twice as dangerous . 
 he pulls me to him until i 'm sure he 's leaving bruises on my hips . 
 his emotions feed mine , which ratchets his need higher in turn , until we 're both damn near mad with lust . 
 i scramble , not fighting him , but helping , until i 'm astride his lap . 
 with a growled curse , he shoves the seat all the way back , making room . 
 he bites down on my neck , hard enough to hurt , not quite enough to bruise , but i would n't mind if he broke the skin . 
 i 'd be glad to walk around with jesse 's teeth marks on my body . 
 in fact the thought of it makes me hotter , and i move on him . 
 he 's ablaze beneath me , panting against my lips . 
 we 're gon na do it . 
 he ca n't stop . 
 i do n't want to . 
 then someone taps on the window . 
 motherf ** king bastard-ass shitballs-i melt down silently in frustrated rage . 
 the glass is fogged up , so whoever it is ca n't see us . 
 my knees are weak when i slide off his lap . 
 jesse looks like he could happily tear somebody 's heart out with his teeth when he powers down the window . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he snaps . 
 it 's one of the uniformed officers from the scene , looking curious , terrified , and intrigued , all at the same time . 
 `` i saw your vehicle and i wondered if you 'd broken down . 
 you said you were taking her to the doctor ... '' his voice trails off , then he changes his mind . 
 `` i can see things are fine . 
 sorry to bother you . '' 
 once he walks away , i check my reflection in the mirror attached to the visor . 
 my hair is a mess , my lips are swollen , and i 'm covered in glass fragments and speckles of blood . 
 it 's obvious to me-and probably the other cop-that we were making out . 
 jesse slams a hand into the dashboard , and my heart sinks . 
 i guess he 's ashamed that we got caught , and the hurt swells up until i think i might be sick . 
 his look softens at once , and he covers my hand with his . 
 `` hey , no . 
 it 's not that , shan . '' 
 `` what is it then ? '' 
 `` i 'm pissed we had to stop . '' 
 i do n't suggest that we pick up where we left off . 
 this is n't the time or place . 
 we both got carried away , but damn , was that amazing . 
 `` oh . '' 
 he smiles , his dark eyes warm as melted chocolate . 
 `` now i have to be responsible and make sure you do n't need stitches . 
 then you 're coming home with me . 
 no arguments , or i 'll remember that i 'm furious . 
 you do n't wan na find out how that story ends , sugar . '' 
 i smirk . 
 actually , i kinda do . 
 eight jesse takes me to a twenty-four-hour clinic , where the doctor cleans and wraps my injuries , apart from a deep cut between my middle fingers . 
 it gapes open when i flex my knuckles ; that gets two stitches , but since they 'll dissolve on their own , i do n't have to come back in . 
 the doc looks tired , and he does n't ask any questions . 
 i 'm sure jesse was prepared to answer them , but i guess the doc sees much worse on a daily basis . 
 this time , when we get in the suv , jesse does n't take me to my place . 
 he 's gotten savvy ; he figures i might change my mind if he gives me the chance , so we end up at his apartment , even though i do n't have any clothes . 
 like me , he does n't live in a complex . 
 rather , this is a three-story brick building . 
 from the size , i estimate there are six apartments total , two on each floor . 
 jesse leads the way up two flights , then unlocks the door . 
 inside , it 's tidy , but i glimpse the ravages of an old scuffle ; there are lighter spots on the walls , as if small holes have been patched , and the furniture is so crisp and new that i figure something must 've happened to his old , comfy stuff . 
 this does n't look like i imagined , however . 
 it 's warmer and less modern , possibly because of the combination of textiles and colors . 
 i would never have pegged jesse as favoring red and yellow . 
 against the white walls , it works , though . 
 `` you 'll sleep on the couch , '' he says . 
 i 'm not surprised . 
 the heat of the moment overwhelmed him in the car , but now that logic 's driving the bus again , he does n't feel right about asking me to get nak * d and hop in his bed . 
 though that would totally be all right with me . 
 `` i hope you have a spare toothbrush . '' 
 `` in the medicine cabinet . '' 
 when he comes back with it , i ask , `` are you worried about your coworker telling everyone ... ? '' 
 he shakes his head . 
 `` they 'll probably give me shit for steaming up the windows with a girl in a pretzel pirate uniform , but i can take it . '' 
 oh , shit . 
 i realize i am , in fact , still wearing my work clothes . 
 `` do you have a washer ? 
 i have to go in tomorrow . 
 i promised tim i 'd cover his shift if he took over for me today . '' 
 `` so you could go poking around a store that came to you in a vision . '' 
 `` hey , it was almost a memory . '' 
 `` i ca n't believe you just went off on your own . 
 were you thinking at all ? 
 you know somebody 's stalking you , shan . '' 
 `` since when is shopping hazardous to your health ? '' 
 i bristle . 
 jesse sighs . 
 `` yes , i have a washer . 
 this way . '' 
 his apartment is definitely nicer than mine . 
 his bathroom has a small space set back in the wall , which holds a stacked washer and dryer . 
 i 'd love if i did n't have to drag my clothes downstairs to the communal laundry room . 
 because i 'm made of evil with whipped cream frosting , i start stripping right there . 
 `` what 're you doing ? '' 
 he demands , whirling away . 
 `` washing my things . 
 do you have anything you want me to add ? 
 it seems like a waste to run the machine for four items . '' 
 `` i 'll get my laundry basket . '' 
 he sounds strangled . 
 `` and i 'll bring you something to put on . '' 
 `` appreciate it , '' i say cheerfully . 
 so i 'm literally standing nak * d in jesse 's bathroom when his arm reaches around the corner . 
 he 's holding a white v-neck t-shirt and a pair of boxers . 
 i scramble into them , then i step out , so he can add his clothes to the washer . 
 this outfit 's not exactly modest . 
 you can see the points of my n ** ples and the fly gaps when i walk . 
 `` i should get you a robe . 
 dammit . 
 i do n't own one . 
 i 'll go to the store . '' 
 i laugh . 
 `` now you 're being silly . 
 i 'll wrap up in a blanket in the living room . 
 it 'll be fine . '' 
 `` no , it wo n't , '' he mutters . 
 `` you 're wearing my clothes . '' 
 `` huh ? '' 
 `` never mind . 
 you do n't need any hints on how to drive me crazy . '' 
 ignoring my offer of help , he aims me at the couch and whips up a quick meal . 
 the chicken and rice is fancier than i 'd have made , though it 's not haute cuisine . 
 it 's also really good . 
 he turns on the news as we eat , and i have the thought that i 'd be so happy if this was my real life . 
 i mean , not necessarily wearing his underwear every night , but curling up with jesse , eating dinner ? 
 god , yes . 
 please . 
 after dinner , he dumps the plates in the sink and joins me on the couch . 
 it 's just past nine by now , not early enough for bed , and i have no idea what he 's thinking . 
 with a sigh , jesse wraps an arm around my shoulders . 
 `` do n't be nervous , shan . 
 i wo n't do anything . 
 i was an a ** hole to treat you like i did in the car . '' 
 i laugh . 
 `` seriously ? 
 you think that 's why i 'm uptight ? '' 
 `` no ? '' 
 `` in my mind , that 's the best move you 've made where i 'm concerned , and certainly the most honest . 
 and now you 're back to being the good guy , the one with perfect manners . 
 i 'm afraid you 'll raise up the walls between us and i 'll have to start all over again . '' 
 i pause , wondering if i should say this . 
 `` i do n't know if i have the energy . 
 i mean , i want you . 
 i 've made no secret of it . 
 but i wo n't chase you forever . '' 
 `` is that an ultimatum ? '' 
 he sounds coldly furious . 
 i 'm a little proud of myself . 
 i did n't know it was possible to make jesse angry so fast . 
 `` just a fact . 
 in time , i 'll move on , find someone who wants me more . '' 
 rage bludgeons me . 
 for the second time tonight , he loses control and his emotions hit me like a hammer . 
 it 's a mad wash of fury , jealousy , frustration , and a hint of possession that thrills me to my core . 
 he might be struggling , but he does n't take me lightly . 
 `` that would be impossible , '' he growls . 
 i never imagined he 'd be so intense ; he projects such casual charm . 
 most likely , other women could n't handle it , so he hides . 
 he pretends to be gentle and tender , no darker feelings , no obsessive tendencies . 
 he 's been playing that violin so long , it 's become the only tune he knows . 
 but i do n't just want his sweetness . 
 i want everything . 
 `` tell me about her , '' i say then . 
 `` who ? '' 
 i 've surprised him . 
 `` the girl who made you like this . 
 before , you said you have n't felt this way since high school . 
 i 'm guessing it did n't end well . '' 
 `` it never does . '' 
 i stare at him until he shifts uneasily . 
 then he pushes out a sigh of mingled annoyance and capitulation . 
 `` you want to know how it goes , sugar ? 
 i 'm a black hole . 
 i want and need and i devour their feelings , until they 're empty , too . 
 nobody can satisfy me . 
 and i drive everyone away in the end . '' 
 `` i 'm still here . '' 
 `` that 's because you 're not actually with me . 
 if you were , you 'd come to hate yourself ... and me . 
 because you 'd see me reacting to other women , just like they did . 
 do you have any idea how hard it is not to reciprocate when somebody wants you and you can feel their desire coursing through you , sweet and hot ? 
 it 's like a drug . '' 
 suddenly , i understand-and the barrier is n't what i thought . 
 he 's not thinking about how wrong i am for him , or that i 'm too young anymore . 
 it 's not being with me that he fears ; it 's losing me . 
 and i fall in love so hard that i see stars . 
 `` well , here 's my opinion : i do n't care where you start the fire , as long as you bring it home to me . '' 
 desperation wars with hope in his dark eyes . 
 `` you say that now . 
 but it wears away at you . 
 i 've heard it so many times , why are n't i enough for you ? 
 why - ? '' 
 `` do n't compare me to other women , jesse . 
 that 's not fair , and ... i 'm not doing it to you . '' 
 `` stop , '' he begs , pained . 
 `` you 're so f ** king lovely that there must 've been guys , but when i think about it , i could kill somebody . '' 
 `` fair enough . '' 
 `` give me some time . 
 not long . 
 just ... i need to think . '' 
 `` are you sure ? 
 thinking is bad . '' 
 but i 'm teasing him . 
 when i said i 'd move on , i meant after fruitless months ... or maybe even years . 
 i 've never been in this situation before , so i ca n't say with any surety when i 'd run out of patience . 
 so if he needs a few days to consider where we go from here , that 's fine . 
 and he knows this . 
 that 's a handy adjunct to his empathy ; he can feel my amusement . 
 his expression lightens to relief and appreciation . 
 i do n't have to worry about stupid fights with jesse . 
 he 'll always know how i 'm feeling when i say something . 
 it also means there will be no secrets , no quietly nursed resentments . 
 i bet most women found that much honesty terrifying , but i 'm on board . 
 `` if ... when ... we do this , just know ... i 'm gon na be possessive as hell . 
 i 'll crowd you . 
 i might annoy you . 
 and i do n't want - '' `` hey . 
 none of that 's a surprise to me . 
 if you start bugging me , i 'll push back . 
 i 'm not made of spun sugar and unicorn whiskers . '' 
 `` do unicorns have whiskers ? '' 
 i grin at him . 
 `` that 's completely beside the point . '' 
 jesse puts on a movie after that , and the air feels clear between us . 
 we 're not together , exactly , but we 're in the sweet anticipatory stage where desire flares like a bottle rocket and lights the sky with promise . 
 at the midway point , he squeezes an arm around my shoulder . 
 `` stop thinking about sex . 
 it 's distracting . '' 
 `` i guarantee nothing . '' 
 in fact , he sleeps on the couch with me . 
 i suspect his neck hurts in the morning because we drifted off snuggled up with his arm about me . 
 jesse rushes around getting ready , and i can tell he feels awful that he has to run , and he ca n't take me to work , but i do n't have to be there for three more hours . 
 so i hang out at his place until it 's time for my shift , then i catch the bus as usual . 
 i come in through the employee entrance and draw up short when i step into the food court . 
 strangely , there 's a man sitting at one of the tables , even though none of the stands are open yet . 
 he 's not eating , either , or reading a magazine . 
 he 's just ... waiting . 
 there 's a niggling familiarity about him , but i ca n't place the memory-and when i try , that old sharp pain surges forth . 
 the last few days have been weird enough that i pull my radio out of my backpack . 
 better to look like an oddball than to be caught defenseless . 
 `` you wo n't need that , shannon . '' 
 what 's with all of these guys knowing my name ?! 
 i stop , narrowing my eyes . 
 `` who the hell are you ? '' 
 from this distance , i can see that his skin is n't quite right , either , but it 's not as bad as the old woman or the man who was following me at the market . 
 he clasps his hands before him , like that will reassure me . 
 `` i 'm here to offer you a deal , '' he says . 
 `` i 'll just bet . '' 
 `` what if i told you i could restore all your lost memories ? 
 how much is that worth to you ? '' 
 `` a lot , '' i answer , before i can stop myself . 
 dammit . 
 i just gave up some leverage . 
 `` excellent . '' 
 the man looks dreadfully pleased . 
 `` and what if i told you that regaining your memories means losing jesse saldana forever ? '' 
 shit . 
 is that his price ? 
 i 'm familiar enough with the concept to realize i 'm being offered a demonic bargain . 
 there 's always an awful aspect to the deal , but they do n't usually spell it out for you upfront . 
 yet i do n't even have to think about it . 
 `` forget it . 
 i 'll handle the uncertainty . 
 i wo n't live without jesse . '' 
 `` that 's exactly what i told them you 'd say , '' he murmurs . 
 when i turn , he 's already gone . 
 nine the week ends without further complications . 
 this makes me nervous because demons have been all up in my business , whatever that is . 
 i imagine it 's related to the memories i 've lost . 
 since they want jesse as the price for getting them back , well , it 's not happening . 
 i 'll deal with this some other way . 
 i do n't see jesse until the following saturday , though he sends regular texts , so i know he 's thinking of me . 
 and i hope he 's contemplating our situation . 
 but i 'm trying not to be pushy . 
 he has to want this as much as i do . 
 early on saturday afternoon , he calls me . 
 `` i 'll be at your place in half an hour . 
 pack a bag . '' 
 `` i 'm not moving in with you . 
 what if the sex is terrible ? 
 i 'll have to take all my stuff home again , and i 'm opposed to so much extra work . '' 
 `` stop trying to sidetrack me , woman . 
 i know i 'm supposed to want to prove my prowess now . '' 
 `` and do n't you ? '' 
 i ask softly . 
 `` dammit , shan . 
 later . '' 
 he sounds equal parts amused and turned on . 
 `` we 've got a meeting with twila tonight . '' 
 she 's the woman who runs texas . 
 i 've never met her , but i 'm told she 's the most powerful person in the whole state , so far as the supernatural community is concerned . 
 whether you 're a witch , warlock , wizard , gifted , or demon , you owe twila fealty . 
 i probably should 've gone to see her when i first arrived , but i had other things on my mind , like not being homeless or unemployed . 
 `` does she know about my gift ? '' 
 `` twila knows everything , but she 'll ask a steep price for her information . '' 
 `` if i can afford it , i 'll pay . 
 and ... i 'm getting my stuff together now . 
 got ta go . '' 
 i hang up on him again , something that gives me inordinate pleasure . 
 the background noise made me think he was in the car when he called , so i hurry through packing . 
 i take enough for an overnight stay : clean panties , bra , fresh outfit . 
 the combat boots i 'm wearing will work tomorrow , so i do n't need extra shoes . 
 then i stuff my huge cosmetic bag into the backpack . 
 the weird thing is , i can imagine washing off my makeup before going to bed with jesse . 
 i can picture letting him see my nak * d face in the morning , the way other people rarely see me . 
 in my mind , it 's like when a victorian maiden lets down her long hair only in front of her husband . 
 there 's a sexual component to it , a sense of stripping down with him completely . 
 i want that . 
 the other night , i did n't take my paint off , so it was kinda smeared when we woke up , but he was in such a hurry that i do n't think he paid much attention . 
 i 'm waiting out front when he arrives . 
 waving , i jog toward the suv , but he 's faster , sliding across the hood to keep me from opening my own door . 
 i find his eagerness adorable . 
 he sets a palm to my cheek and kisses me softly , sweetly . 
 `` hey , '' he says , and it 's a thousand words crammed into one . 
 it 's hello and how are you and i missed you and thanks for coming when i call . 
 i hear him . 
 i hope i always do . 
 `` hey yourself . '' 
 i do n't know if i 'm as eloquent with my tone as he is with that sexy-as-fuck drawl , but he can feel my emotional response . 
 i watch his eyes melt . 
 deep down i highly suspect the women who left jesse just could n't carry his love , because it 's a big , deep-swimming plesiosaur of a thing , and if you 're not strong enough , it could swallow you whole . 
 there 's something i have n't told him , though . 
 i 've spent my life with a hole inside me too , waiting for somebody who 'll make me the center of his world-and without trying to change me . 
 it feels like nobody 's ever loved me exactly as i am . 
 `` not ... sad . 
 wistful ? 
 why ? '' 
 i just shake my head and hop into the forester . 
 it 's not time to be emotional . 
 since this is a road trip , i buckle up and fiddle with the radio . 
 `` does laredo have a non-country radio station ? '' 
 `` careful , '' he teases . 
 `` you might end up with dead people instead of music . '' 
 `` one day , when you least expect it , i 'll make you sorry for that . '' 
 `` shan , you 'll never make me sorry for anything . '' 
 `` you make it impossible to stay pissed at you . '' 
 `` psh . 
 as if you were . '' 
 he 's got me there . 
 i find some decent music , and jesse does n't object to what i like . 
 good sign . 
 the drive to san antonio passes with him teasing me , and i joke back . 
 every word has a flirty , playful undertone ; it definitely qualifies as foreplay . 
 but he quiets the closer we get to the city , and he 's not talking at all by the time he pulls off the highway . 
 twilight is situated in a seedy area , a strip on main full of goth bars and g * y clubs . 
 a few of them look like they 'd be fun . 
 does jesse like to go dancing ? 
 our destination occupies the corner , and it 's built of crumbling brick . 
 if jesse was n't leading the way , i 'd have no reason to head into such an unremarkable place . 
 the only bit of color comes from a small purple neon sign that says twilight . 
 `` this is kind of a hub , '' he explains , opening the black metal door for me . 
 `` where the gifted populace can mingle , make connections . 
 sometimes there 's work for hire . 
 other times it 's just people cutting loose . '' 
 the floor is hardwood in need of refinishing and partially covered in faded carpet . 
 on the walls , red lights glow in scalloped sconces , then there 's this funky maroon striped wallpaper . 
 dark beams give the place a certain rugged charm . 
 i like that it is n't pretentious . 
 you could really settle down and drink here . 
 well , as long as you like the dropkick murphys , currently blaring from the jukebox . 
 `` do n't you ever play anything else ? '' 
 jesse asks the ginger-haired , freckled bartender . 
 the woman shrugs . 
 `` they 're twila 's favorite band . 
 have n't seen you in here for a while . 
 everything all right ? '' 
 `` more or less . 
 is she ready for us ? '' 
 `` not quite . 
 i 'll let you know when she buzzes . '' 
 `` then let 's have a drink while we wait . '' 
 jesse orders a lime fizz , which is basically just lime juice and seltzer . 
 i 'm sure he 's thinking about the drive back . 
 i 'm not technically old enough to drink , but i wear so much makeup that bartenders rarely card me . 
 they assume the paint is to cover wrinkles , i guess . 
 so i say , `` can you make me a forbidden fruit ? '' 
 `` coming right up . '' 
 i watch as she mashes the kiwi , adds sugar , midori , sake , zubrowka , and lemon juice . 
 the resulting cocktail is fresh , fruity , and a delightful blend of sweet and sour . 
 jesse raises a brow at me , looking bemused , as i sip . 
 `` that 's the girliest drink i 've ever seen . '' 
 `` what ? 
 it 's not even pink . 
 i 'm sure cosmos are girlier . 
 even a tequila sunrise looks more feminine . '' 
 `` i do n't do tequila . '' 
 `` one tequila , two tequila , three tequila , floor ? '' 
 i guess . 
 he laughs . 
 `` more than once , and i finally learned my lesson . 
 the agave plant and i simply do not get along . '' 
 `` let me guess . 
 for light drinking , you prefer a bottled beer , probably microbrew . 
 and when you 're feeling fancy , it 's expensive scotch . '' 
 `` smart-ass . '' 
 jesse leans in and kisses me . 
 `` mmm . 
 forbidden fruit , so very sweet . '' 
 his drawl kills me dead . 
 dead , i tell you , especially the way he stretches the word very . 
 he goes on , `` but yes . 
 in beer , it 's flying dog pale ale . 
 for sipping , i prefer chivas , if you 're looking to buy me something nice . '' 
 i grin . 
 `` i doubt i can afford it on a pretzel pirate 's salary . '' 
 `` then you 'd better find a higher-paying job if you intend to keep me in the style to which i 've become accustomed . '' 
 i absolutely love this exchange because the idea of me being jesse 's sugar momma is hilarious . 
 besides , he gets a cop 's paycheck , so he 's not used to a lavish lifestyle . 
 i 'm giggling quietly as the bartender says : `` twila will see you now . '' 
 jesse takes my hand and guides me back , suddenly somber , and i take my cue from him . 
 my first impression of the queen of texas is regal beauty . 
 her presence is powerful , making you want to drop to one knee in obeisance . 
 i can imagine her seducing mark anthony or captivating caesar on a barge drifting slowly down the nile . 
 she 's tall , stately , with graceful shoulders and dusky skin . 
 her black hair hangs in beautiful braids , twisted together and caught in a golden snood . 
 this only reveals her strong jaw and sculpted cheekbones . 
 right now , i realize i 've been staring too long , but she must be used to startling people with her majesty . 
 her office is equally impressive , all old-world elegance . 
 i dip at the knee , unable to control the urge . 
 jesse bends as well , bowing before her . 
 and twila smiles . 
 `` i wondered how long it would be before you lost lambs came bleating at me . '' 
 her voice is lovely too , mellifluous and rich with just a hint of tropical islands . 
 `` sit , little one . '' 
 she 's clearly talking to me , so i obey , folding my hands in my lap like i 've been called out for disciplinary action . 
 i 'm so nervous , more than when the old woman was trying to murder me . 
 and what sense does that make ? 
 yet the air feels thick , not with the dead , but ... sentience . 
 it 's like no feeling i 've ever had before . 
 before i can speak , she adds , `` let me save you some time . 
 you want your lost memories ... and to know why the demons are involved . '' 
 jesse was right ; she does know everything . 
 she 's like that song , where santa claus sounds like a stalker . 
 he sets a hand on my shoulder , obviously sensing my emotional state . 
 something about this room is freaking me out . 
 my skin literally creeps , like when i was being watched at the mall , only not quite . 
 `` you 're more sensitive than most , '' she says softly . 
 then she whispers a few words , and the atmosphere lightens . 
 `` what did you do ? '' 
 `` sent the loa away . 
 most people ca n't feel them . '' 
 wow . 
 the power she commands awes and terrifies me . 
 `` you were right about why we 've come . '' 
 `` i can help , '' she tells me . 
 `` but it will cost you . '' 
 `` without knowing what you 'll charge , i ca n't say whether i 'm willing to pay . '' 
 twila arches a brow , glancing at jesse . 
 `` i like this girl . '' 
 that 's good , right ? 
 `` we 're willing to talk terms , '' jesse says . 
 `` but not before full disclosure . '' 
 `` then let me spell it out . 
 in return for my aid , shannon cheney will come to work for me . 
 people occasionally leave this life without telling me what i need to know . 
 it would help me immeasurably to have someone who can coerce answers from beyond the grave . '' 
 `` you ca n't ? '' 
 i ask , before realizing that might sound offensive . 
 she shakes her head . 
 `` my loa can do many things , but they can not pass to the other side . 
 as i understand , nor can you . 
 instead , you call the dead back to you . '' 
 that 's a fair assessment . 
 i 'm about to agree to her bargain when jesse presses on my shoulder . 
 `` can we talk in private for a moment ? '' 
 `` of course . 
 you have five minutes . '' 
 she rises smoothly and steps out of the office , then i hear her moving away . 
 `` you ca n't do this , shan . 
 your life would n't be your own ... twila will keep you on call twenty-four seven . 
 and she wo n't have a reason not to kill people . 
 it 'll become more efficient to dispatch her enemies and question them after death . 
 can you imagine the toll it 'll take on you ? '' 
 not to mention the jump in murder rate . 
 i did n't think of that , but it makes sense . 
 twila does n't run texas by being gentle and generous with her rivals . 
 i push out a sigh . 
 `` then i have to turn her down . '' 
 `` i think so . '' 
 when she returns , i decline her offer with as much courtesy as i can muster . 
 whatever she thinks of this , she only inclines her head . 
 `` the offer will remain open until the situation is resolved , one way or another . '' 
 fuck , that sounds ominous . 
 once we 're back in the bar , jesse wraps his arms around me and pulls me close . 
 `` try not to worry . 
 we 'll figure this out . 
 she 's just trying to spook you . '' 
 `` it worked , '' i whisper . 
 he rubs my back gently . 
 `` i know , honey . 
 let 's go home . '' 
 ten the return trip is much quieter ; i do n't feel like joking around . 
 though it takes a lot to depress me , i ca n't shake the feeling that something major 's about to go down-and maybe i would 've been better off throwing in with twila , who can protect me , even if she makes me do bad things . 
 yet i do n't want to be an accomplice in her dark business , either . 
 this would be the classic rock-versus-hard-place dilemma , and i get to be the squishy thing in the middle . 
 `` hey , '' jesse says , as we exit the highway and drive through the dark laredo streets toward his apartment . 
 `` you know i wo n't let anything happen to you , right ? '' 
 i feel like saying i understand he 'll do his best to protect me , but there are no guarantees ... and i do n't expect him to be my hero . 
 i just want him to be the man in my bed . 
 hell . 
 i 'll eat a quart of ice cream if he makes me sleep on the couch again . 
 `` thanks , '' i manage to reply . 
 `` i know you 're scared . 
 sad . 
 confused , too , unless i 'm reading you wrong . '' 
 `` no , that covers it . '' 
 `` what can i do to make it better ? '' 
 despite myself , i grin . 
 `` are you really asking me that ? '' 
 `` shan . 
 i 'm being serious . 
 sex wo n't fix your emotional - '' `` could n't hurt . 
 it produces endorphins , you know , and those improve your mood . 
 doctors have proven that orgasms help with headaches , too . '' 
 `` so i can expect you to say , definitely tonight , baby , i have a headache ? '' 
 `` you could stop at definitely tonight and you 'd be covered . '' 
 it 's easier for me to put aside the bad mood when he 's smiling . 
 my breath hitches a little when his dimple puts in an appearance , creasing his lean cheek . 
 he 's wearing cowboy boots , and i 'm discomfited at how hot i find him-from the softly worn chambray shirt to the faded levi 's , down to those battered boots . 
 he 's all texas sexy , and i 'm incapable of resisting him . 
 to look at me , you 'd guess i go for thin , sensitive types with dyed black hair , partial to basements and bad poetry , but no . 
 i 've never had an eye for pretty emo boys in guyliner . 
 jesse parks the car , still amused . 
 he grabs my bag from the back , then comes around to open my door . 
 i follow him up to his apartment , which is even cleaner than the last time i visited . 
 it smells of lemon furniture polish and ... air freshener ? 
 yep , there 's a deeper citrus scent circulating . 
 `` aw , you got me a glade plugin . 
 you should n't have . '' 
 `` anything for you . '' 
 he quotes back my words , and i wonder if he means them as fully as i did . 
 my heart clenches a little at the possibility . 
 `` smooth talker . 
 is my toothbrush still in the bathroom ? '' 
 he draws in a sharp breath , as if he had n't thought of it that way before . 
 `` yeah . 
 it 's in the glass next to mine . '' 
 `` then i 'll get changed and wash up . '' 
 there 's no way he can understand how momentous this is . 
 i 'm going to take off my makeup before he sleeps with me . 
 i 'll sit and talk with him , barefaced . 
 naked . 
 my heart is pounding so fast as i take my bag from him and head down the hall to the bathroom . 
 i lean against the door , nervous but also excited . 
 if i want everything from him , i must be willing to give it back . 
 still , i take my time with my nighttime routine , and it 's hard to work up the courage to step into the hall . 
 with all of the kohl , eyeshadow , lipstick , and foundation removed , i look younger . 
 i hope that does n't deter him . 
 i do n't think i look like a kid , but he 's not used to seeing me this way , either . 
 he might not want the real me . 
 please , want the real me . 
 since i own no sexy pajamas , these are simple , a white top with huge blue polka dots , worn with matching shorts . 
 i brush my hair one last time before i exit and head back to the living room . 
 jesse 's already changed into baggy athletic shorts and a plain gray t-shirt . 
 the soft cotton clings to his chest and shoulders to reveal a lean yet muscular build . 
 `` come here , '' he murmurs . 
 god , i hope he does n't turn on the tv . 
 but i move toward the couch , head down . 
 jesse startles me by tugging me onto his lap . 
 well . 
 that 's a good start . 
 warm hands cradle my cheeks , forcing me to meet his gaze . 
 he skims my face with dark eyes , silently rapt . 
 then he whispers , `` i had no idea you were this beautiful , shan . 
 no wonder you wear camouflage . '' 
 heat rockets through me , starting in my chest and working its way down until i 'm squirming on his thighs . 
 there 's no way i can survive wanting him this much . 
 i 'll go nova and explode in a cascade of lights , like the umbrella fireworks on the 4th of july . 
 i tuck my face against his shoulder , trembling with the intensity . 
 `` back home , there was a boy ... funny how clear i remember him when so much else is fuzzy . 
 late at night , we 'd sneak off to the woods . 
 he said he loved me . '' 
 `` sugar , if you think i want to hear this - '' i ignore him because he needs to . 
 `` we had sex , more than once . 
 i liked it , but i did n't kid myself that it was anything special . '' 
 `` goddammit . '' 
 his voice is a raw ache . 
 `` i guess i 'm supposed to feel better about f ** king you now , knowing i 'm not the first ? 
 so you 're not untouched , i get it . '' 
 `` that 's not the point at all . 
 i 'm trying to say , this is special . 
 you are . 
 and i 'll never want anyone more than i do you . '' 
 that said , i open the floodgates and let him feel ... everything , how deep and far my yearning runs . 
 it 's an underground river , racing endlessly toward a sunless sea . 
 `` god help me , '' he whispers . 
 `` i ca n't stop this . 
 not again . '' 
 `` do you want to ? '' 
 i 'll leave if he feels strongly against it . 
 seducing him through my own desire is fine , but only as long as he wo n't hate me afterward . 
 i want more than one night with jesse saldana . 
 `` not even a little bit . '' 
 abruptly , he shoves to his feet , swinging me up in his arms in the same motion . 
 `` you 're coming to my bed tonight , sugar , and if you 're good , i may never let you leave . '' 
 `` what if i 'm bad ? '' 
 `` then you 're assuredly not going anywhere . '' 
 he growls the reply into my ear . 
 in ten strides , we 're in his room . 
 jesse 's bed is made , a striped comforter tucked in around the pillows . 
 he rips it back with impatient hands , then he turns to me . 
 `` i want those pajamas off . 
 now . '' 
 i remember him saying he was gentle and slow , but a hungry wolf shines out of his dark eyes . 
 he 's longed for someone like me , starved even . 
 i do n't need pretty words , flowers , or expensive dinners . 
 i just want to learn the taste and scent of his skin . 
 i want to drown in him . 
 deliberately , i strip . 
 beneath , i 'm wearing only simple black panties , but his gaze sharpens . 
 he takes in the body that i know is decent , if not spectacular . 
 somehow i manage not to cross my arms to shield my br ** sts . 
 this is where i 've wanted to be for so long ; i wo n't back down now . 
 `` your turn , cowboy . '' 
 i 've never seen a man shuck his clothes so fast . 
 his shirt goes flying , then he shoves his shorts downward . 
 god , is there anything sexier than a man showing that sweet spot on his pelvis ? 
 i love the way his hip curves , slightly concave , with layer of muscle and jut of bone . 
 i could start licking there and work my way to the center . 
 mmm . 
 his underwear shows ... everything . 
 damn . 
 i 've never been this turned on in my life ... and he has n't even kissed me . 
 desire washes over me-and jesse 's head falls back . 
 a groan escapes him . 
 a small damp spot appears on the front of his boxer briefs . 
 `` you could make me come without touching me , '' he growls . 
 `` but do n't . '' 
 `` then come here . '' 
 in answer , he prowls toward me and shoves me back on the bed . 
 i bounce once , then he 's on top of me . 
 the sudden shock of his heat and weight on me spikes my urgency , and he feels it . 
 i dig my hands into his back as his lips claim mine . 
 it 's a sirocco of a kiss , all heat and irresistible power . 
 he tastes of lime and i , of mint , so our kisses are like mojitos , savored again and again . 
 when he comes up for air , he studies my swollen mouth ... and smiles . 
 `` here 's how it 's gon na be , shan . 
 you 're gon na take every stroke , one for every time you teased me , each time i went home hungry . '' 
 `` please , '' i whisper . 
 `` and i 'm going to make you come until you beg me to stop . '' 
 `` wo n't happen . '' 
 i manage a hint of bravado . 
 `` but you 're welcome to try . '' 
 he 's wild with me , just like i knew he could be . 
 there 's no gentleness at the moment , no good manners . 
 jesse pulls my panties off and then his own briefs . 
 from his night table , he grabs a condom , and though i 'd like to put it on him , he tugs my hands away . 
 tonight , this is definitely his show . 
 i shiver , hard . 
 for good measure , he lifts my arms above my head . 
 `` lace your fingers together and do n't let go . '' 
 `` i 'm not allowed to touch you ? '' 
 `` i told you how it would be ... this time . '' 
 which tells me he 's open to other things , later , but this must be a fantasy of his , one he 's been afraid to explore with anyone else . 
 so i lock my hands and nod . 
 i think he 'll just take me because we 're both so damn hot , but instead he whispers with his fingertips , gliding , stroking , until i arch up off the bed . 
 `` you want me so bad . '' 
 `` fuck , yes . '' 
 `` you 're so pretty and slick . 
 later , i 'll lick you , right here . '' 
 a graze of his fingertips drags a moan from me . 
 `` i 'll enjoy that , '' i gasp . 
 i 'm panting , but i do n't beg . 
 need will surely overwhelm him soon . 
 we 've been fighting this for weeks . 
 `` you know how many nights i yanked my cock , thinking of you ? '' 
 `` tell me . '' 
 instead , he nuzzles and bites a path down my throat , over my br ** sts , past my belly and onto my thighs . 
 yeah , he likes using his teeth . 
 when we 've been together longer , i can see him wanting to leave marks . 
 god , he 's so close ; i can feel the heat of his mouth swirling over my hip . 
 my whole body 's trembling now . 
 `` it ca n't be more often than i did , '' i whisper in an attempt to break him . 
 and ... it works . 
 his control snaps . 
 jesse finally fills me in a long , hard thrust . 
 it 's all i can do not to grab on to him , but the restriction on my movement heightens the heat and tension . 
 i can only work my lower body beneath him , so i wrap my legs around his hips . 
 that makes him growl and push faster . 
 since he was on the edge earlier , i do n't know how he can keep this up . 
 then he cheats like a bastard and opens himself to me . 
 his lust hammers through me , along with chaotic impressions of how good this is : so much , more , faster , take , take , claim . 
 my nails bite into my palms as i come . 
 and jesse keeps his promise , somehow . 
 the pleasure loops between us , and i swear he gets off too , but he does n't soften . 
 he pushes , grinds , until i 'm weak and shivering when he arches into me the last time , his teeth sinking into my shoulder . 
 the pain sparks a soft , weak orgasm , just exhausted flutters . 
 that 's the sign for me to unlace my hands and wrap my arms around him , stroke his back . 
 i 'd hold him like this forever , only he rolls away to dispose of the sticky condom . 
 but he comes back . 
 i hope he always does . 
 eleven sunday morning with jesse is a new kind of wonderful . 
 we fix breakfast together and then turn on the sports channel . 
 you would n't guess it , but i enjoy watching men celebrate their penises by knocking each other down and tossing things at each other . 
 so i snuggle up with jesse happily , wearing a white dress shirt that belongs to him instead of the pajamas he made me take off the night before . 
 later , i 'm in the bathroom brushing my teeth when he comes in . 
 he steps up behind me , wraps his arms about my waist and nuzzles my neck . 
 i spit , drop my toothbrush in the sink , and turn into his embrace . 
 jesse lifts me up and carries me back to bed . 
 we stay there for most of the day , and i only get up because it 's getting late , and i need to shower so he can take me home . 
 `` no regrets ? '' 
 i ask him , as i 'm climbing into his suv . 
 `` only that you 're leaving . '' 
 `` good answer . '' 
 `` i warned you how this would go , though , shan . 
 you 're mine now , and i 'm very opposed to sharing . '' 
 `` you think i 'll run into men who tempt me at pretzel pirate ? '' 
 he laughs . 
 `` when you put it that way ... '' `` then i 'm not sure what i 'm supposed to take from this . 
 i 've been trying to hook up with you for weeks . 
 now that i have , you figure i 'm done , mission accomplished ? '' 
 i shake my head . 
 `` no thanks . 
 i 'd much rather be your girlfriend . '' 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 jesse starts the suv , looking pleased . 
 and frankly , after the last twenty hours , he should be . 
 i know i am . 
 `` definitely . 
 or were you trying to talk me out of a relationship ? '' 
 he leans over and kisses me . 
 `` no . 
 you 're in this now . 
 i tried to be smart and sensible and let you move on to somebody else . 
 hell if that 's happening now . '' 
 `` i do n't want anybody else . '' 
 a surge of love rolls through me . 
 `` keep talking like that , looking at me with those eyes , and i 'm carrying you right back up those stairs , shan . '' 
 `` i have to get back . 
 my work uniforms are at home . '' 
 jesse bitches under his breath , giving me the first glimpse of how possessive he can be . 
 but it 's not like it comes as a surprise . 
 he puts the vehicle in gear and takes me back to my apartment . 
 i think he 'd like to come up , but that will just make it harder to say good-bye later , and i have n't talked to maria about having overnight guests . 
 if her boyfriend has ever stayed , i did n't see or hear him . 
 so i feel like it 's polite to check with her first . 
 plus , my futon is n't as big or comfortable as his bed . 
 he parks on the street and shifts to study me . 
 `` work 's likely to keep me tied up this week . 
 there are some things going on in the department . 
 but if you have any problems , text me . '' 
 `` i ca n't text you anyway ? '' 
 `` you know what i mean . '' 
 yeah , i do . 
 i 'm teasing him . 
 `` if anything weird or scary happens , you 'll be the first to know . '' 
 this is a little awkward because i do n't know where to go from here . 
 i ca n't seem to make myself get out of the suv . 
 jesse kisses me again ; this one is deep and lingering , his hands in my hair . 
 `` i 'll pick you up friday night at eight , sugar , unless there 's an emergency . '' 
 `` how should i dress ? '' 
 `` wear something sexy , suitable for dancing . '' 
 `` i have the perfect outfit . '' 
 after that , i hop out and head upstairs . 
 there 's no reason to feel so sad , like the minute we separate , he 'll have second thoughts and i 'll never see him again . 
 he 's not changeable like that . 
 in fact , i 've barely gotten inside my front door when i get a text message from him . 
 i miss you already . 
 think about me this week , k ? 
 i 'll know if you are . 
 okay , that 's kinda hot . 
 i 'm smiling when maria wanders out of her bedroom . 
 she takes one look at me and grins . 
 `` good weekend , huh ? '' 
 i do n't know what she means until i peek at my reflection in the bathroom mirror . 
 there are faint bruises on my throat , whisker burns on my cheeks and jaw . 
 i 'm not wearing my usual makeup to cover it either . 
 damn . 
 i ca n't believe i left the house without putting my war paint on . 
 i can remember a time when i 'd have died before doing that . 
 like , the house could be on fire , and i 'd still apply cosmetics . 
 `` you could say that , '' i answer belatedly . 
 after checking to make sure i have a clean uniform for tomorrow , i crash with maria and we have our chris evans marathon . 
 during intermission , i ask , `` so i 'm wondering about your policy on overnight guests ? '' 
 `` not a rhetorical question , i take it . 
 you finally bagged the hot cop ? '' 
 `` you make him sound like a deer i shot . '' 
 i grin at her . 
 `` but yeah . '' 
 `` then as long as he sleeps in your room and you 're not too loud , i 'm fine with it . 
 i 'd appreciate it if you do n't send him out nak * d to rummage for food . '' 
 `` i suspect we 'll be at his place more often , but i thought i 'd ask . '' 
 she nods . 
 `` i appreciate the consideration . 
 i 've had so many roommates who did what the hell ever . 
 and the last one left without any notice . '' 
 `` that had to suck . '' 
 `` tell me about it . 
 but i 'm glad chuch introduced us . 
 i like you . '' 
 it 's nice to have female friends . 
 `` back at you . '' 
 that night , i go to bed early and wake up in time to do some mundane chores . 
 our apartment does n't sparkle like jesse 's , but it 's not a sty either . 
 i already have a message from him on my phone . 
 he warned me he would crowd me , but it 's not a needy , where are you , type text . 
 instead he 's written , my bed was f ** king empty without you . 
 way to curl my toes before noon , saldana . 
 i type back , you 'll be good and hungry by friday night . 
 he must 've gotten busy at work because he does n't reply until after i 'm at the mall . 
 if i last that long . 
 i 'm smiling up until the point where i reach pretzel pirate ... and find mark already behind the stand . 
 he 's frowning at me . 
 `` you 're two minutes late . '' 
 vacation has not improved his temper . 
 i want to protest that i 'll still have plenty of time to open because it 's not like it takes a full hour to turn on the machines , get the pretzels going , and put cash in the register . 
 but men like mark are petty dictators ; that would only piss him off more . 
 so i mumble an apology . 
 and the day only gets worse from there . 
 mark picks on me all damn day , bitching about every little thing . 
 i 'm starting to understand why he ca n't keep employees . 
 my annoyance builds to the point that jesse actually texts me around four to ask , you all right ? 
 fine . 
 just pissed . 
 my boss is an a ** hole . 
 somehow i finish my shift , but the next day is more of the same . 
 by two , i 've had enough . 
 `` this is bullshit , '' i say , interrupting his lecture . 
 `` i did a great job while you were gone . 
 i deposited all the money , balanced the cash drawer , handled all of the setup and break down . 
 and now i 'm done . '' 
 `` you ca n't just walk off the job ! '' 
 `` watch me , fuckhead . 
 i 'll drop off these stupid uniforms tomorrow . '' 
 earlier , i saw a help wanted sign in a clothing store that sells really cool merchandise : funky graphic tees , studded wristlets and belts , earrings , skinny jeans , that kind of thing . 
 the workers are all around my age ; most have dyed hair or piercings and tattoos , also . 
 if i could get a job there , it would be leaps and bounds better than pretzel pirate . 
 i mean , it would still be customer service , but maybe i could earn back a fraction of my lost dignity . 
 i 'm not applying dressed like this , though . 
 presentation matters in a shop like that , so i 'll put in an application tomorrow when i return these stupid polyester pirate suits . 
 grumpy , i take the bus home . 
 maria 's not off work yet , so i throw myself down on the couch and watch netflix . 
 around six , i fix myself some food and go back to watching feel-good movies . 
 half an hour later , somebody knocks at the door . 
 cautiously , i peer out the peephole and spot jesse . 
 it 's only tuesday , and he told me he 'd probably be busy until friday . 
 he holds up a carton of ice cream . 
 `` you had a bad day , '' he says . 
 `` so i brought the chocolate . '' 
 `` best boyfriend ever . '' 
 `` can i come in ? '' 
 `` sure . '' 
 i step back to let him into the apartment . 
 he smirks when he notices i 'm watching iron man . 
 `` most girls would be watching chick flicks . '' 
 `` did you just lump me in with all the other estrogen bearers ? 
 for your sake , i hope that you did not . '' 
 `` no offense intended . 
 tell me what happened ? '' 
 he pulls me into his arms , after i get a spoon . 
 and between bites of ice cream , i lay out my day . 
 `` so now i 'm unemployed . '' 
 `` not for long , i 'm sure . 
 if you need cash - '' `` stop right there . 
 taking money from the guy i 'm sleeping with is beyond skeevy , and it will never , ever happen . '' 
 `` i see your point . '' 
 before he can say more , his cell rings . 
 jesse pushes to his feet , listens , and then sighs . 
 `` yeah . 
 i hear you . 
 i 'll be there in twenty minutes . '' 
 `` work ? '' 
 i guess . 
 `` yeah , sorry . 
 i thought things had settled , but it seems not . '' 
 `` everything all right ? '' 
 he hesitates , then shakes his head . 
 `` if i could say more , i would . '' 
 i remember he mentioned there was some kind of scandal with the partner he had before stella , and he 's still dealing with the fallout . 
 `` i get it . 
 thanks for stopping by to cheer me up . 
 and thanks for the ice cream . '' 
 he draws me up into his arms and kisses me until i 'm actually dizzy . 
 `` i hate it when you 're sad . 
 see you friday . '' 
 when maria gets home an hour later , i 've eaten most of the chocolate ice cream . 
 i regret nothing . 
 i do n't mention that i 'm now sans income ; she might fret . 
 we watch a little tv , then i head to my room to pick out an outfit for the job i intend to snag tomorrow . 
 the store is a better fit for me , similar to hot topic but cooler . 
 at eleven , jesse rings my cell . 
 i expected he might text . 
 a voice call seems special , fancier somehow , mostly because people do n't bother anymore . 
 i 'm snuggled into bed , wearing the jammies i took to his place . 
 smiling , i tuck the phone against my ear . 
 `` feeling better ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` you know the answer . '' 
 `` but it 's polite to ask . '' 
 `` did you take care of things at work ? '' 
 `` more or less . 
 i put a patch on the situation anyway . '' 
 his voice drops low . 
 `` wish you were here , shan . 
 how 's it possible that i already have a hard time sleeping alone ? '' 
 that fast , i 'm turned on . 
 he only needs to drawl the word hard and i 'm like , yes , green light , let 's go . 
 the chemistry between us has always been incendiary ; he just did n't want to admit it . 
 i suspect he gets that flash of heat , but my breathing quickens , too . 
 i ca n't hide anything from him . 
 `` oh , honey . 
 really ? '' 
 it 's like he ca n't believe that 's all it takes . 
 `` i think i 'd better get off the phone now . '' 
 `` no , '' he murmurs . 
 `` stay . '' 
 it 's pretty clear what he 's asking , and i do n't really know how to do this , but i 'm willing to try . 
 in the end , it 's mostly sounds and sighs while we both work , slow at first , then faster , until i hear him moaning my name , and then i 'm gone , too . 
 gradually my heart rate slows . 
 `` wow , '' i whisper . 
 `` i think i 'll keep you . '' 
 `` please do . '' 
 and i hear his need , his uncertainty . 
 this is his gift to me . 
 i 'll cherish it always . 
 twelve the next day , i wake up feeling off since strange dreams chased me all night long . 
 shaking that lethargy , i don my coolest outfit : striped stockings , combat boots , faux-leather mini , black lace peekaboo blouse with a corset vest over the top . 
 i study myself in the mirror , then add chunky , funky jewelry . 
 i take my time with my makeup . 
 fortunately , maria goes to work earlier , or she 'd wonder why i 'm not a pirate today . 
 last thing , i bag up those f ** king uniforms . 
 i take the bus and get to the mall by ten . 
 mark is n't even at the stand yet . 
 excellent . 
 i do n't want to see that a ** hole . 
 i drop my stuff off behind the counter and hurry through the food court . 
 unfortunately , i run into felix on the way . 
 he seems really happy to see me . 
 `` hey , shan , how 's it going ? 
 damn . 
 you 're looking hot today . '' 
 `` thanks . '' 
 i feel like saying , dude , i have a boyfriend . 
 but even if i did n't , this is not on . 
 it will never be on . 
 yet that would be like kicking a puppy . 
 so i listen to his chatter with a faint air of impatience . 
 `` look , it 's good to see you , but i have a job interview . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 he seems sad to hear that i 'm leaving our food stall hell . 
 `` i wo n't keep you , then . '' 
 his downcast look goads me into adding , `` but i 'll stop by on my way out , okay ? 
 we can talk more then . '' 
 `` sounds great . 
 i 'll spot you a free coke . '' 
 be still my heart . 
 `` thanks , '' i say aloud . 
 steeling my nerves , i stride toward toxic , the store where i want to work . 
 the sign 's still posted , so they have n't filled the position yet . 
 go big or go home , right ? 
 so i pull the help wanted notice from the window and take it inside with me . 
 i set it on the counter . 
 the guy behind the register is hot , but not my type . 
 he 's the skinny , emo , guyliner sort , one who fits with me in theory . 
 i guarantee he 's nowhere near jesse saldana 's level , however . 
 this dude is the reason girls eat chocolate ice cream ; he sure as shit does n't bring it to them . 
 `` hire me , '' i say . 
 he skims me up and down , seeming to decide i 've got the right look . 
 `` you have to fill out an application first . '' 
 `` give it to me , then . '' 
 i have to be careful not to let the attitude cross the line into bitch territory . 
 i think i 'm standing right on the border . 
 he does , and i get out my pen . 
 hm . 
 chuch and eva as personal references . 
 i add jesse too , though it 's probably immoral to use your boyfriend in that respect . 
 the rest of the app does n't take long since i 've had exactly one job and i quit it yesterday . 
 once i 'm done , the guy skims my information . 
 `` pretzel pirate , huh ? 
 i can see why you 'd rather work here . '' 
 `` just so you know , mark probably wo n't have good things to say about me . 
 but i 'm a hard worker for anyone who 's not a complete a ** hole . '' 
 hard to say if that 's too much honesty . 
 then the guy smiles . 
 `` understood . 
 i 'm nick , the assistant manager , so you 'll need to meet kim , too . 
 she 's in the back . '' 
 i end up having an impromptu interview with both of them , so it turns out i did n't lie to felix after all . 
 when i leave toxic , i have a f ** king job . 
 i start tomorrow . 
 thirty hours a week to begin with , but the pay 's a little better . 
 i can still afford to cover my bills , at least , and i get to wear my own clothes . 
 that was one thing kim stressed ; we need to look the part , making people want to be cool like us . 
 keeping my promise , i head back to the food court . 
 it 's close to noon , so a few people are scattered at the tables , eating an early lunch . 
 felix waves at me as i amble toward him . 
 his stand has no line , so he pours me a drink , then hands it over without his coworker noticing . 
 it 's sweet , but i hope he does n't get in trouble . 
 `` i was wondering ... '' shit , here we go . 
 i have to shut him down politely . 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 `` i have a break coming up ... and there 's a car for sale in the parking lot . 
 i was wondering if you 'd look at it with me . '' 
 huh . 
 that is n't what i thought he 'd ask at all . 
 `` do i look like a vehicular expert to you ? '' 
 `` no , that 's not why i want your opinion . 
 i thought you could tell me if it 's something girls would think is - '' `` oh . 
 you want me to gauge its chick appeal ? '' 
 poor kid . 
 he 's so clueless . 
 felix nods . 
 `` if you have time ? '' 
 `` absolutely . 
 you can walk with me out to the bus stop . 
 i 'll rate it for you . '' 
 `` thanks . 
 i do n't have a lot of friends who are girls . '' 
 it 's been a good day . 
 not only did i get an awesome new job , i also avoided crushing felix 's dreams . 
 maybe he 's not interested in me after all . 
 i 'm happy to be his friend , as long as he 's not secretly angling for more . 
 that never ends well . 
 `` come on . '' 
 i beckon . 
 once he calls that he 's taking a break , felix comes around the counter and walks with me to the exit . 
 `` i think the car 's pretty sweet , but my sister tells me i have no idea what 's cool . '' 
 `` all sisters say that . '' 
 or so i imagine , anyway . 
 i have no siblings , unless my father is breeding as we speak . 
 `` it 's this way , '' he says , leading me through the parking lot . 
 i imagine he spotted a car with a sign in the window ; the owner must work at the mall . 
 then he wheels and punches me square in the face . 
 i go down because it 's so unexpected . 
 the pain does n't incapacitate me , but i ca n't process what 's happening . 
 i scramble backward beneath a car and roll out the other side . 
 `` what the hell ! '' 
 is he a psycho , or is this something else ? 
 i get a glimpse of his face between the cars as i run , and it 's ... odd , wavering . 
 his skin shivers like his face does n't fit right , and his eyes are swimming in darkness . 
 goddamn them . 
 this is n't felix . 
 there 's a demon in him , one that whispered about the car but did n't drive him out here . 
 the thing knew i 'd notice . 
 so this is the perfect ambush . 
 i 've dropped my bag , and i scramble for my radio . 
 i do n't want to hurt felix like i did the old woman . 
 this is n't his fault ; he was a target of opportunity . 
 he lashes out . 
 the kick connects to my shoulder , and my backpack bounces away . 
 i need to learn how to fight ; the dead wo n't always be able to defend me . 
 my arm 's numb now , too . 
 feels like he dislocated my shoulder . 
 i crawl away , beneath a car , and then i scream . 
 with my good hand , i dig out my phone and speed dial jesse . 
 i wish i had some mace , pepper spray , anything . 
 the call goes to voice mail as the demon grabs my ankle and hauls me out from under the car . 
 my phone bounces away . 
 i keep yelling and aim a kick at his junk , but he 's too fast for me , even in a teenager 's body . 
 but my shouts have drawn attention ; there 's a woman getting out of her car , and when she sees what he 's doing , she runs toward us , scrabbling at her purse . 
 my vision goes blurry when he punches me in the head , trying to shut me up , but from the sound , i think she tases him . 
 his body jerks , but it 's not enough to drop him with the demon driving , so she hits the button again . 
 that time , he drops , twitching , and she helps me up . 
 she 's shaking , and i 'm one big mass of bruises , but alive . 
 she just keeps saying , `` oh my god , oh my god , '' and that pretty much sums up my reaction , too . 
 a minute or so later , mall security arrives . 
 the guy rolls felix over , but he 's stopped moving . 
 the darkness swims in his eyes slower and slower , but nobody else seems to notice . 
 dread swells inside me , heavy as lead . 
 he 's just a kid , a dumb , sweet kid , who wanted to be an eye doctor . 
 fucking demons . 
 and the worst part is , they even warned me . 
 the other one said i would n't see them coming until it was too late . 
 and while i survived , he was still right . 
 the guard takes the boy 's pulse , then gazes somberly up at us . 
 `` which one of you did this ? '' 
 nervous , the woman hands over her taser . 
 `` he was attacking her ! '' 
 `` i can see that , ma'am . 
 but it looks like the shock stopped his heart . '' 
 he radios in , then starts cpr , but it 's no use . 
 by the time the emts arrive , there 's nothing left to do but call time of death . 
 jesse gets there ten minutes later , a perk of being a cop . 
 though i did n't leave much of a message , he got the gist from the police scanner . 
 i 'm sitting on the curb wrapped in a blanket when he rolls up . 
 he takes one look at me and rage goes off in his head like a bomb . 
 i do n't know if other people can feel it , but for me , it 's a constant wash of red , lapping over me like lava . 
 yet he 's gentle when he pulls me into his arms . 
 a few seconds ago , the emts popped my shoulder back into place , and they 're trying to talk me into a trip to the er , but i knew jesse was on his way . 
 i knew it . 
 and the police still have questions . 
 i 've done my best to answer them , but there are a lot of gaps in my story . 
 they sense it , even if they are n't sure what they are . 
 when they look at felix 's life , they wo n't find any sign that he was obsessed or stalking me . 
 they 'll see a normal kid , trying to figure out his life . 
 the pieces do n't add up , and only jesse and me know why . 
 `` it 's okay , '' he whispers into my hair . 
 `` it 's over . '' 
 maybe he can tell , somehow , that the demon did n't get out of the host before felix died . 
 i ca n't ask what that means for a demon . 
 it makes me happy to imagine the thing trapped in his corpse , unable to muster enough power to move , now that the life force has gone . 
 that 's the most fitting prison imaginable , except that it cost this boy his life . 
 the only reason he 's dead is because the demons saw me talking to him . 
 i feel horrible about it . 
 once we deal with the preliminary questions , jesse takes me to the same clinic . 
 at this rate , they 'll think i 'm a battered wife . 
 after a few x-rays , the doctor determines i do n't have a concussion and i just need some rest and pain medicine . 
 afterward , jesse drives me to his place ; i do n't protest . 
 i 'm not up to facing maria or explaining what the hell happened , especially since i 'm not sure myself . 
 inside his apartment , jesse draws me gently into his arms . 
 the thump of his heart is reassuring beneath my cheek . 
 `` i was so f ** king scared , shan . 
 i know we 're brand new , i know it 's too soon , but i have to say it . 
 i am crazy in love with you . 
 please do n't ever make me feel that way again . '' 
 `` i love you , too , '' i whisper . 
 after that , he whispers not to worry-i 'm safe . 
 but i do n't know if i 'll ever feel safe . 
 i ca n't trust my eyes or my judgment . 
 since one demon failed , who 's to say they wo n't send more ? 
 i ca n't live in a bubble , though . 
 i have work tomorrow , and i 'll be damned if i let them turn me into a cowering ball of fear . 
 `` i want to learn how to defend myself , '' i say then . 
 `` i 'll find a class for you . '' 
 `` if that woman had n't been carrying a taser , i 'd be dead . 
 or gone . '' 
 he swallows hard . 
 `` i did n't do enough . 
 i should 've put a protective detail on you after what happened at the shop . 
 i knew it was n't random violence , but i thought i could keep you safe on my own . 
 but i 'm not with you all the time . '' 
 `` bullshit . 
 the pd has budgetary considerations . 
 and based on the evidence , they would n't have judged my danger to be acute . '' 
 he sighs . 
 `` goddammit . 
 you 're probably right . '' 
 `` sometimes there 's just nothing you can do , too many factors in play . '' 
 if i worked for twila , this would n't have happened . 
 felix would be alive , but others would be dead . 
 i can guess and second-guess , but bottom line , this is where i am . 
 `` i feel like i need to tell you something . '' 
 jesse pulls back , serious as i 've ever seen him . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` i dreamed of her last night . '' 
 `` who ? '' 
 `` the redheaded woman . '' 
 i freeze , unsure of what to ask . 
 `` what ... ? '' 
 `` we were in kilmer ... and you were there , too . 
 and we were in this old , creepy house , and you had a bicycle - '' `` oh my god . 
 and there was writing on the walls , letters scratched into the windowsill in the attic . 
 the red-haired woman ran into the woods , and i woke up . '' 
 i 'm able to finish his description , because last night , i had the same f ** king dream . 
 `` what does this mean ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` hell if i know . 
 but i think she must be a real person . '' 
 `` someone we 've forgotten because of the spell ? '' 
 i shrug , my head aching too bad to think on this any further . 
 i 'm hurt . 
 i 'm scared . 
 but i 'm still here . 
 i 'll get stronger and i 'll learn to fight . 
 whatever 's going on , jesse and i will figure it out together . 
 `` i do n't have the answers , '' i whisper . 
 `` well , you 've got me . 
 if it helps any , i checked on the woman from the store . 
 she 's non compos mentis but she 's alive . 
 and i saw on area 51 that her shop will reopen in a few weeks . 
 some relative 's taking over . '' 
 `` it does make me feel a little better , actually . '' 
 i do n't tell him that if i could , i 'd swap the shopkeeper 's life for felix 's . 
 she was old whereas he 'd only just begun . 
 he murmurs in my ear , `` you need to rest , so we can go dancing on friday . '' 
 maybe i wo n't be up to it , but i 'll try . 
 and we 'll probably fight over whether i 'm strong enough to start my new job tomorrow . 
 i 'm not scared of arguing with jesse , only being without him . 
 so i 'll muster my strength for battles to come . 
 when he sweeps me into his arms and carries me to the bedroom , the future strikes me like an impressionist painting , all my tomorrows blurring in a haze of pink and gold , because for me , that 's heaven-jesse saldana 's arms . 
 and even with dark clouds rolling in , a storm on the horizon , there 's no place in the world i 'd rather be . 
