 people think i 'm crazy because i see lights . 
 i 've seen them all my life . 
 strange , multicoloured patches of light swirling through the air . 
 the patches are different sizes , some as small as a coin , others as big as a cereal box . 
 all sorts of shapes - octagons , triangles , decagons . 
 some have thirty or forty sides . 
 i do n't know the name for a forty-sided shape . 
 quadradecagon ? 
 no circles . 
 all of the patches have at least two straight edges . 
 there are a few with curves or semi-circular bulges , but not many . 
 every colour imaginable . 
 some shine brightly , others glow dully . 
 occasionally a few of the lights pulse , but normally they just hang there , glowing . 
 when i was younger i did n't know the lights were strange . 
 i thought everybody saw them . 
 i described them to mum and dad , but they thought i was playing a game , seeking attention . 
 it was only when i started school and spoke about the lights in class that it became an issue . 
 my teacher , miss tyacke , saw that i was n't making up stories , that i really believed in the lights . 
 miss tyacke called mum in . 
 suggested they take me to somebody better qualified to understand what the lights signified . 
 but mum 's never had much time for psychiatrists . 
 she thinks the brain can take care of itself . 
 she asked me to stop mentioning the lights at school , but otherwise she was n't concerned . 
 so i stopped talking about the lights , but the damage had already been done . 
 word spread among the children - kernel fleck is weird . 
 he 's not like us . 
 stay away from him . 
 i never made many friends after that . 
 my name 's cornelius , but i could n't say that when i was younger . 
 the closest i could get was kernel . 
 mum and dad thought that was cute and started using it instead of my real name . 
 it stuck and now that 's what everybody calls me . 
 i think some parents should n't be allowed to name their kids . 
 there should be a committee to forbid names which will cause problems later . 
 i mean , even without the lights , what chance did i have of fitting in with any normal crowd with a name like kernel - or cornelius - fleck ! 
 we live in a city . 
 mum 's a university lecturer . 
 dad 's an artist who also does some freelance teaching . 
 -lrb- he actually spends more time teaching than drawing , but whenever anyone asks , he says he 's an artist . -rrb- 
 we live on the third floor of an old warehouse which has been converted into apartments . 
 huge rooms with very high ceilings . 
 i sometimes feel like a munchkin , or jack in the giant 's castle . 
 dad 's very good with his hands . 
 he makes brilliant model aeroplanes and hangs them from the wooden beams of my bedroom ceiling . 
 when they start to clutter the place up , or if we just get the urge one lazy sunday afternoon , the pair of us make bombs out of apples , conkers - whatever we can find that 's hard and round - and launch them at the planes . 
 we fire away until we run out of ammo or all the planes are destroyed . 
 then dad sets to work on new models and we do it all over again . 
 at the moment the ceiling 's about a third full . 
 i like it here . 
 our apartment is great ; we 're close to lots of shops , a cool adventure playground , museums , cinemas galore . 
 school 's ok too . 
 i do n't make friends , but i like my teachers and the building - we have a first-rate lab , a projection room , a massive library . 
 and i never get beaten up - i roar automatically when i 'm fighting , which is n't good news for bullies who do n't want to attract attention ! 
 but i 'm not enjoying life . 
 i 'm lonely . 
 i 've always been a loner , but it did n't bother me when i was younger . 
 i liked being by myself . 
 i read lots of books and comics , watched dozens of tv shows , invented imaginary friends to play with . 
 i was happy . 
 that changed recently . 
 i do n't know why , but i do n't like being alone now . 
 i feel sad when i see groups of friends having a good time . 
 i want to be one of them . 
 i want friends who 'll tell me jokes and laugh at mine , who i can discuss television shows and music with , who 'll pick me to be on their team . 
 i try getting to know people , but the harder i try , the more they avoid me . 
 i sometimes hover at the edge of a group , ignored , and pretend i 'm part of it . 
 but if i speak , it backfires . 
 they glare at me suspiciously , move away or tell me to get lost . 
 `` go watch some lights , freak ! '' 
 the loneliness got really bad this last month . 
 nothing interests me any more . 
 the hours drag , especially at home or when i have free time at school . 
 i ca n't distract myself . 
 my mind wanders . 
 i keep thinking about friends and how i do n't have any , that i 'm alone and might always be . 
 i 've talked with mum and dad about it , but it 's hard to make them understand how miserable i am . 
 they say things will change when i 'm older , but i do n't believe them . 
 i 'll still be weird , whatever age i am . 
 why should people like me more then than now ? 
 i try so hard to fit in . 
 i watch the popular shows and listen to the bands i hear others raving about . 
 i read all the hot comics and books . 
 wear trendy clothes when i 'm not at school . 
 swear and use all the cool catchphrases . 
 it does n't matter . 
 nothing works . 
 nobody likes me . 
 i 'm wasting my time . 
 this past week , i 've got to thinking that i 'm wasting my entire life . 
 i 've had dark , horrible thoughts , where i can only see one way out , one way of stopping the pain and loneliness . 
 i know it 's wrong to think that way - life can never be that bad - but it 's hard not to . 
 i cry when i 'm alone - once or twice i 've even cried in class . 
 i 'm eating too much food , putting on weight . 
 i 've stopped washing and my skin 's got greasy . 
 i do n't care . 
 i want to look like the freak i feel i am . 
 late at night . 
 in bed . 
 i 'm playing with the patches of light , trying not to think about the loneliness . 
 i 've always been able to play with the lights . 
 i remember being three or four years old , the lights all around me , reaching out and moving them , trying to fit them together like jigsaw pieces . 
 normally , the lights remain at a distance of several feet , but i can call them closer when i want to play with them . 
 the patches are n't solid . 
 they 're like floating scraps of plastic . 
 if i look at a patch from the side , it 's almost invisible . 
 i can put my fingers through them , like ordinary pools of light . 
 but , despite that , when i want to move a patch , i can . 
 if i focus on a light , it glides towards me , stopping when i tell it . 
 reaching out , i push at one of the edges with my fingers . 
 i do n't actually touch it , but as my fingers get closer , the light moves in whatever direction i 'm pushing . 
 when i stop , the light stops . 
 i figured out very early on that i could put patches together to make patterns . 
 i 've been doing it ever since , at night , or during lunch at school when i have nobody to play with . 
 lately , i 've been playing with them more than ever . 
 sometimes , the lights are the only way i have to escape the miserable loneliness . 
 i like making weird shapes , like picasso paintings . 
 i saw a programme on him at school a couple of years ago and felt an immediate connection . 
 i think picasso saw lights too , only he did n't tell anyone . 
 people would n't have thought he was a great artist if he said he saw lights - they 'd have said he was a nutcase , like me . 
 the shapes i make are nowhere near as fabulous as pablo picasso 's paintings . 
 i 'm no artist . 
 i just try to create interesting designs . 
 they 're rough , but i like them . 
 they never last . 
 the shapes hold for as long as i 'm studying them , but once i lose interest , or fall asleep , they come undone and the pieces drift apart , returning to their original positions in the air around me . 
 the one i 'm making tonight is particularly jumbled . 
 i 'm finding it hard to concentrate . 
 joining the pieces randomly , with no real purpose . 
 it 's a mess . 
 i ca n't stop thinking about not having any friends . 
 feeling wretched . 
 wishing i had at least one true friend , someone who 'd care about me and play with me , so i was n't completely alone . 
 as i 'm thinking about that , a few of the patches pulse . 
 no big deal . 
 lights have pulsed before . 
 usually , i ignore them . 
 but tonight , sad and desperate to divert my train of thought , i summon a couple , study them with a frown , then put them together and call for the rest of the flashing patches . 
 as i add those pieces to the first two , more lights pulse , some slowly , some quickly . 
 i sit up , working with more speed . 
 this new flashing shape is curious . 
 i 've never put pulsing patches together before . 
 as i add to the cluster , more lights pulse . 
 i quickly slot them into place , working as if on autopilot . 
 i have no control over myself . 
 i keep watching for a pattern to emerge , but there is n't one . 
 just a mass of different pulsing colours . 
 still , it 's worked its magic . 
 i 'm focused on the cluster of lights now , dark thoughts and fears temporarily forgotten . 
 the lights build and build . 
 this is a massive structure , much larger than any i 've previously created . 
 i 'm sweating and my arms are aching . 
 i want to stop and rest , but i ca n't . 
 i 'm obsessed with the pulsing lights . 
 this must be what addiction is like . 
 then , without warning , the patches that i 've stuck together stop pulsing and all glow a light blue colour . 
 i fall back , gasping , as if i 'd got an electric shock . 
 i 've never seen this happen . 
 it scares me . 
 a huge blue , jagged patch of light at the foot of my bed . 
 it 's like a window . 
 large enough for a person to fit through . 
 my first thought is to flee , call for mum and dad , get out as quick as i can . 
 but part of me holds firm . 
 an inner voice whispers in my ear , telling me to stay . 
 this is your window to a life of wonders , it says . 
 but be careful , it adds , as i move closer to the light . 
 windows open both ways . 
 as it says that , a shape presses through , out of the panel of light . 
 a face . 
 i 'm too horrified to scream . 
 it 's a monster from my very worst nightmare . 
 pale red skin . 
 a pair of dark red eyes . 
 no nose . 
 a small mouth . 
 sharp , grey teeth . 
 as it leans further forward into my bedroom , i see more of it and the horror intensifies . 
 it does n't have a heart ! 
 there 's a hole in the left side of its chest , but where the heart should be are dozens of tiny , hissing snakes . 
 the monster frowns and stretches a hand towards me . 
 i can see more than two arms - at least four or five . 
 i want to pull away . 
 dive beneath my bed . 
 scream for help . 
 but the voice that spoke to me a few seconds ago wo n't let me . 
 it whispers quickly , words i ca n't follow . 
 and i find myself standing firm , taking a step towards the panel of light and its emerging monster . 
 i raise my right hand and watch the fingers curl into a fist . 
 i can feel a strange tingling sensation , like pins and needles . 
 the monster stops . 
 its eyes narrow . 
 it looks round my bedroom uncertainly . 
 then slowly , smoothly , it withdraws , pulling back into the panel of light , vanishing gradually until only its red eyes remain , staring out at me from within the surrounding blueness , twin circles of an unspoken evil . 
 then they 're gone too and i 'm alone again , just me and the light . 
 i should be wailing for help , running for my life , cowering on the floor . 
 but instead my fingers relax and my fist unclenches . 
 i 'm facing the panel of blue light , staring at it like a zombie transfixed by a fresh human brain , distantly processing information . 
 normally , the patches of light are transparent , but i ca n't see through this one . 
 if i look round it , there 's my bedroom wall , a chest of drawers , toys and socks scattered across the floor . 
 but when i look directly at the light , all i see is blue . 
 next thing i know , i 'm on the floor of my bedroom , my baby brother art cradled to my chest . 
 mum and dad are shouting at me , crying , poking and clutching me . 
 dad gently takes art from my arms . 
 mum crouches beside me and hugs me hard , weeping over my bald skull . 
 she 's moaning , calling my name over and over , asking where i 've been , what happened , if i 'm all right . 
 dad 's staring at me like i 've got two heads , only looking away to check on art , his expression one of total bewilderment . 
 there 's no panel of blue light . 
 no monster . 
 and no memory of what happened when i stepped through after the snake-hearted creature . 
 i learn that i 've been missing for several days . 
 mum and dad thought i 'd been kidnapped , or wandered out and got lost . 
 the police have been searching for me . 
 they put my photo in newspapers and questioned all the people who knew me . 
 mum and dad were frantic . 
 mum keeps weeping , saying she thought i was dead , that she 'd lost another of her babies . 
 i do n't like the way she refers to me as a baby , but this is n't the time to correct her ! 
 i ca n't remember what happened . 
 up to the moment i took that step forward into the blue light - total recall . 
 after that - nothing . 
 mum and dad do n't believe me . 
 they think i 'm lying or in shock . 
 they ply me with hot chocolate in our kitchen and quiz me ruthlessly , sometimes gently , sometimes harshly , neither of them in complete control of themselves . 
 they pass art back and forth , asking me questions about how he ended up with me . 
 i guess he must have gone missing too , after i did . 
 `` can i hold art ? '' 
 i ask , during a brief lull in the questioning . 
 mum passes him to me , watching us suspiciously , perhaps afraid we 'll go missing again . 
 i had a younger sister once - annabella . 
 she died when she was a baby . 
 i ca n't remember much about her - i was only four . 
 but i 'll never forget mum and dad 's tears , the misery , the loss i sensed in the air around me . 
 i was n't much more than a baby myself , but i knew something terrible had happened , and i could see how upset mum and dad were . 
 i guess they never really got over that . 
 it 's only natural that they 're more upset and worried now than most parents would be . 
 i bounce art up and down on my knee , cooing to him , telling him everything 's ok . 
 `` you 're my little brother . 
 i 'll look after you . 
 it 's fine . '' 
 he does n't take much notice . 
 he looks more sleepy than afraid . 
 too young to catch the bad vibes . 
 mum and dad stare at each other wordlessly then leave us alone for a while , going out into the corridor to discuss the situation . 
 they do n't shut the door behind them , and call out to me whenever i stop talking to art , making sure we 're still here . 
 they let me go to bed at one in the morning . 
 their faces are strained and red . 
 mum tucks me in and lets art sleep beside me . 
 she rubs his face tenderly as she pulls the blanket up around him . 
 starts to cry again . 
 dad tugs her away , kisses me , then takes mum back to their bedroom , leaving me and art to sleep . 
 i wake in the middle of the night . 
 mum and dad are arguing . 
 i do n't know what about . 
 mum 's saying , `` let 's give it a few days . 
 watch . 
 wait . 
 if nobody says anything , or looks for him ... '' dad shouts , `` you 're crazy ! 
 we ca n't ! 
 it 's wrong ! 
 what if the police ... ? '' 
 i drift back to sleep . 
 morning . 
 more questions . 
 mum sits art on her lap and feeds him , smiling and laughing wildly every time he gurgles at her . 
 it 's a good job i 'm not jealous of my little brother as she hardly notices i 'm here . 
 dad 's upset . 
 he keeps glaring at mum and art . 
 throws more questions at me . 
 tries to help me unlock my memories . 
 asks me to take him through the night i vanished , step by step . 
 i tell him i was in my bedroom , i was playing and that 's all i remember . 
 i do n't mention the lights or the monster . 
 the inner voice that spoke to me that night tells me not to . 
 says i 'd only get into more trouble if i told the truth . 
 `` did you go to bed ? '' 
 dad asks . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` did someone come into the room ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` was there somebody at the window ? '' 
 a pause while i think back . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` what about ... art ? 
 can you remember where ... how you got him ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 he curses and tugs at his hair with both hands . 
 looks at mum and art again . 
 mum stares back at him sternly , holding art against her like a shield . 
 i do n't know what her look means , but i 'm glad she 's not looking at me that way - her eyes are scary ! 
 dad phones the police and they come round . 
 he sits with me while they ask lots of questions . 
 mum stays in their bedroom with art . 
 dad said there was no need to talk about art with the police . 
 it would only complicate things . 
 since art 's too young to tell them anything , they want to focus on what happened to me . 
 i tell the police the same things i told mum and dad . 
 the police are nice . 
 they talk softly , make jokes , tell me stories about other kids who were lost or kidnapped . 
 they want to know if i remember anything , even the smallest detail , but my mind is a complete blank . 
 i keep apologising for not being able to tell them anything more , but they do n't lose patience . 
 they 're much calmer than mum and dad . 
 i do n't go back to school . 
 mum and dad keep me in . 
 wo n't even let me go out to the park . 
 things feel strange and awkward . 
 it 's like when annabella died . 
 lots of crying , sorrow and uncertainty . 
 but it 's different . 
 there 's fear too . 
 mum 's especially edgy . 
 hardly lets go of art . 
 snaps at dad a lot of the time . 
 i often find her shaking and crying when she does n't think i 'll notice . 
 days pass . 
 the police come back , but they 're not too worried . 
 the most important thing is that i 'm safe and back home . 
 they recommend a good psychiatrist to dad , and suggest he takes me to see her , to try and figure out what happened to me . 
 dad says he will , but i remember what mum was like when miss tyacke suggested a psychiatrist all those years ago . 
 i 'm sure i wo n't be going for counselling . 
 that night they have a huge row . 
 mum 's screaming and cursing . 
 i 'm in my room with art . 
 they think we ca n't hear them , but we can . 
 i 'm scared . 
 i even cry a bit , holding art tightly , not sure why they 're behaving this way . 
 art 's not bothered . 
 he gurgles happily in my arms and tries biting a hole through the new bib that dad bought yesterday . 
 mum yells , `` we 've been given a second chance ! 
 i do n't care how it happened or who gets hurt ! 
 i 'm not going to suffer the loss of a child again ! '' 
 i ca n't hear dad 's reply , but it seems to do the trick . 
 mum does n't shout after that , though i hear her crying later . 
 i hear dad crying too . 
 the next morning , dad calls me into his study . 
 he has art on one knee , a picture of annabella on the other . 
 he 's looking from art to the picture and back again , chewing his lower lip . 
 he looks up when i enter and smiles - a thin , shaky smile . 
 tells me we 're leaving . 
 immediately , this very night . 
 `` we 're going on holiday ? '' 
 i ask , excited . 
 `` no . 
 we 're moving house . '' 
 art tugs at dad 's left ear . 
 dad ducks his head and chuckles at art . 
 `` your mum does n't like it here any more , '' dad says quietly , not looking at me directly . 
 `` annabella died here . 
 you went missing . 
 art ... well , she does n't want anything else to happen . 
 to art or to you . 
 she wants to go somewhere safer . 
 to be honest , i do too . 
 i 'm sick of city life . '' 
 `` but what about school ? '' 
 it 's the first question to pop into my head . 
 `` the hell with it , '' dad laughs . 
 `` you do n't like it that much , do you ? '' 
 `` well ... no ... but it 's my school . '' 
 `` we 'll find you another . '' 
 he fixes art in his left arm , then extends his right and pulls me in close . 
 `` i know you have n't been happy here . 
 mum and i have been thinking about it . 
 we 're going to move to a place we know , a village called paskinston . 
 the children will be very different there . 
 nicer than city kids . 
 we think you 'll be happier , maybe make some friends . 
 and you 'll be safe . 
 we all will . 
 how does that sound ? '' 
 `` good . 
 i guess . 
 but ... '' i shrug . 
 `` it 's for the best , kernel , '' dad says and hugs me tight . 
 art laughs and hugs me too , and that 's when i feel sure that dad 's right . 
 everything 's going to be better now . 
 my last glimpse of the city is when i get into our car late that night . 
 i do n't know why we do n't wait until morning - dad hates driving at night - but i have n't had time to ask . 
 it 's been a rush , packing bags , going through all of my toys , books , comics , clothes , records , choosing what to bring and what to leave behind . 
 dad says we 'll get the rest of our belongings sent on later , but i do n't want to leave anything precious behind , just in case . 
 i bombed all of the planes in my bedroom at 9 o'clock . 
 mum and dad helped me . 
 we destroyed them completely . 
 it was cool ! 
 even mum enjoyed it . 
 as we 're getting into the car , dad asks if i want to play a game with art , to keep him quiet . 
 i say sure . 
 so he makes me sit on the floor behind mum 's seat , with art between my legs , and he drapes a blanket over us . 
 `` pretend art and you are fugitives . 
 you 're a pair of vicious , wanted criminals and we 're sneaking you out of the city . 
 there are roadblocks , so you have to hide and be quiet . 
 if you 're found , you 'll be sent to prison . '' 
 `` children do n't get sent to prison ! '' 
 i snort . 
 `` they do in this game , '' dad laughs . 
 i know it 's just a way for mum and dad to keep art - and me - quiet for some of the journey . 
 but part of me thinks it 's real . 
 the fact that we 're leaving so quickly , at night , in secrecy ... i hold art tight in my arms and whisper for him to be quiet , afraid we 'll be caught by whoever 's after us . 
 i feel like crying , but that 's because we 're leaving home . 
 i 've never lived anywhere else . 
 it 's scary . 
 mum checks that art and i are ok before getting in the car . 
 she lifts the blanket and peers in at us . 
 we 're parked close to a street light , so i can see her face pretty well . 
 she looks worried - maybe she 's sad to be leaving our old home , like me . 
 paskinston 's a sleepy place , with a couple of tiny shops , a crumbling old school , a stumpy , ugly , modern church , and not much else . 
 it 's in the middle of nowhere , miles away from any town or city . 
 power cuts are common . 
 television and radio reception is poor . 
 cars are mostly ancient wrecks . 
 the sort of place where you expect to find loads of old people , but in fact most of the villagers are youngish parents and their children . 
 we 've been here almost a year . 
 it 's not a bad place to live . 
 quiet and clean . 
 lots of open space around the village . 
 no pollution or crime , and people are very relaxed and friendly . 
 a few commute to cities or towns , but most work locally . 
 quite a few are craftspeople and artists . 
 we do n't get many tourists in paskinston , but our artisans -lrb- as dad calls them -rrb- supply a lot of tourist shops around the country . 
 musical instruments are the village 's speciality , traditionally carved , lovingly created and packaged , then expensively priced ! 
 dad 's got a job painting instruments . 
 it does n't pay very well , but you do n't need much money in paskinston . 
 he 's happier than he ever was in the city , finally able to call himself a real artist . 
 mum helps out kids with learning problems , and does some teaching in the school when one of the regular teachers is off sick . 
 she 's happy too , the happiest i 've seen her since annabella died . 
 mum and dad never talk about the time art and i went missing . 
 it 's a forbidden subject . 
 if i ever bring it up , they change the topic immediately . 
 once , when i pressed , mum snapped at me , swore and told me never to mention it again . 
 and me ? 
 well , i 'm ok . 
 dad was right . 
 the kids here are nicer than in the city . 
 they chat to me at school , include me in their games , invite me to their houses to read and play , take me on day trips into the local countryside at weekends . 
 nobody bullies me , says nasty things to me or tries to make me feel like i 'm a freak . 
 -lrb- of course , it helps that i do n't mention the secret patches of light ! -rrb- 
 but i still do n't fit in . 
 i feel out of place . 
 it 's hard to talk freely , to join in , to behave naturally . 
 i always feel as though i 'm acting . 
 most of the kids in paskinston were born here or moved here when they were very young . 
 this is the only world they know and they believe it 's perfect . 
 i do n't agree . 
 while i 'm certainly happier now than i was in the city , i miss the cinemas and museums . 
 except for not having any friends , i liked being part of a big city , where there was always something new to see or do . 
 the village is nice , but it 's a bit boring . 
 and although the kids are nicer to me , i still have n't made any real friends . 
 but it 's not that important because i 'm not miserable any more . 
 i 'm not sure why , but i do n't feel lonely these days . 
 i 'm happy just to be with mum , dad and art . 
 especially art . 
 he might only be a baby , but i love dragging him around with me , explaining the world to him , telling him about books , television and life , trying to teach him to speak . 
 he should have started by now , but so far not a word . 
 dad and mum do n't mind . 
 they say einstein was older than art is before he spoke . 
 but i do n't think art 's an einstein - he likes tugging ears , biting people and burping too much to be a genius ! 
 art 's all i really need from the world right now . 
 he keeps me company better than any friend ever could . 
 as dad once said when i was lonely and he was trying to cheer me up , `` who needs friends when you have family ? '' 
 to get to school , i have to pass the witch 's house . 
 the `` witch '' is mrs. egin . 
 there are thirty-seven families and six single people in paskinston , and everyone 's on friendly terms with everybody else . 
 there 's a real sense of community . 
 they all take an interest in and see a lot of each other , chat among themselves when they meet in the street or at church , hold big parties every few months to which everyone comes . 
 except mrs. egin . 
 she lives by herself in a dirty old house and almost never has anything to say to anybody . 
 she comes out for a long walk every day and to draw water from the well . 
 -lrb- there 's running water in paskinston , but mrs. egin and a few others prefer to get theirs from an old well in the centre of the village . -rrb- 
 but otherwise we rarely see her . 
 she spends most of her time indoors , behind thick curtains , doing whatever it is that witches do . 
 i 'm sure she 's not really a witch , but all the kids call her the pricklish witch of paskinston . 
 some of the adults do too ! 
 there is n't a real school in paskinston , just a converted stable which is being used as a school until the villagers manage to build a proper one . 
 there are three teachers -lrb- two are volunteers -rrb- , crappy old desks , wobbly chairs , a few tired blackboards , and nothing else except the ancient toilets out the back . 
 a big change from my school in the city ! 
 the school 's down the street and round the corner to the left from where we live . 
 to get there , i have to walk past mrs. egin 's house . 
 i could go the opposite way and circle round the backs of the houses if i wanted . 
 but mrs. egin has never done anything bad to me . 
 she has n't even spoken to me in the year that i 've lived here . 
 she does n't frighten me . 
 today , i set off for school as normal . 
 classes start at 9:30 a.m. but i normally get there for 9 o'clock , to play some games with the other kids beforehand . 
 trying hard to fit in , to be like they are , to have them accept me . 
 not that i 'm too bothered if they do n't . 
 `` off to school ? '' 
 mum asks as i 'm heading out . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` want to take art to the cr che ? '' 
 `` sure . '' 
 the makeshift cr che is in another converted stable , right next to the school . 
 i often drop art off . 
 art 's small and skinny . 
 a large head though . 
 dad says that 's a sign that he has lots of brains , but i think it 's because he has a thick skull - all the better for headbutting ! 
 i stop art trying to bite the hands off a soldier doll and pick him up . 
 he struggles , eager to finish off the soldier . 
 `` stop , '' i grunt . 
 art calms down immediately . 
 he always does what i tell him . 
 he 's more obedient for me than for mum or dad . 
 mum says that 's a sign that he really loves me . 
 it makes me proud when she says stuff like that , though i usually scowl - do n't want her thinking i 'm soft . 
 art 's pale , like mum , with dirty dark hair that looks like it 's never been washed . 
 mum always complains about art 's hair . 
 she regularly threatens to shave him bald like me . 
 -lrb- not that i need to shave - i 've been bald since birth . -rrb- 
 she says every guy should be bald - it makes life much simpler for the women looking after them . 
 i throw art up in the air and catch him . 
 he laughs and gurgles for me to do it again . 
 i compare my skin to his as i toss him up a second time . 
 i 'm much darker , a nice creamy brown , more dad 's colour than mum 's . 
 we do n't look like brothers . 
 mum says that 's good - people wo n't confuse us when we 're older . 
 i settle art down and head for the door , carrying him under one arm like a skateboard . 
 he swings his fists around , looking for something to hit . 
 he almost never hits or bites me , but i 'm the only one who 's safe around him . 
 he 's given mum a black eye a few times and bit one of dad 's fingernails off once . 
 he 'll be a real terror when he 's a couple of years older . 
 we set off down the street . 
 there 's nobody else around . 
 a quiet spring day . 
 birds are twittering in the trees . 
 a cow moos in the distance . 
 i feel warm and happy . 
 looking forward to summer . 
 dad said we might go to the beach for a week or two . 
 we have n't been on a holiday since we left the city . 
 i 'm excited about it . 
 `` you 've never seen a beach , have you ? '' 
 i say to art . 
 `` it 's great . 
 more sand than you could imagine . 
 salt water , not like the ponds here . 
 seaweed . 
 we can swim and make sandcastles . 
 eat ice cream and candyfloss . 
 you 'll love it . 
 and if we ca n't go , well , we 'll camp round here instead . 
 find a lake , maybe near a small town , with a cinema and amusement arcades and - '' `` thief ! '' 
 someone screeches . 
 we 've just passed the witch 's house . 
 i look back . 
 the front door 's open . 
 mrs. egin is standing on the doorstep . 
 her eyes are wild and she 's trembling . 
 her hair 's normally tied in a ponytail , but today it 's hanging loose , strands blowing across her face in the light breeze . 
 `` who 's the thief ? '' 
 she mutters , staggering towards me . 
 `` mrs. egin ? 
 are you all right ? 
 do you want me to fetch help ? '' 
 i set art down to my left and step in front of him , shielding him with my legs , in case she falls on top of him . 
 mrs. egin stops less than a foot away . 
 she 's mumbling to herself , strange words , no language that i know . 
 her lips are bleeding - she 's bitten through them in several places . 
 her fingers are wriggling like ten angry snakes . 
 `` mrs. egin ? '' 
 i say softly , heart racing . 
 `` such a beautiful baby , '' the witch says , eyes fixed on art . 
 he 's staring up at her silently . 
 mrs. egin bends and reaches for art , cooing , smiling crookedly . 
 `` leave him alone , '' i gasp , shuffling art back with my left foot , standing firmly in front of him now , blocking her way . 
 `` not yours ! '' 
 she snarls , glaring at me . 
 i 've never seen an adult look at me that way , with total hate . 
 it scares me . 
 i feel like i have to pee . 
 clench my legs together so i do n't have an accident . 
 but , scared as i am , i do n't move . 
 i stand my ground . 
 i have to protect art . 
 `` are you ill , mrs. egin ? '' 
 i ask , my voice a lot calmer than i feel . 
 `` find him ! '' 
 she shouts in reply . 
 `` find the thief ! 
 beautiful baby . '' 
 she smiles at art again , then mumbles to herself , like a minute ago , but gesturing at art this time , as though she 's casting a spell on him . 
 i look for help but we 're all alone . 
 i ca n't just stand here and let this go on . 
 no telling what she 'll do next . 
 so , without taking my eyes off her , i stoop , grab art and awkwardly hold him up behind my back . 
 art squeals happily - he thinks i 'm giving him a piggyback ride . 
 `` we have to go now , '' i say , edging away . 
 mrs. egin 's still looking at the spot where art was . 
 i notice that lots of the patches of light around us are pulsing . 
 they 're closer than they normally are , as if hedging us in . 
 but i ca n't worry about the lights . 
 not with mrs. egin acting like a real , mad witch . 
 `` soon ! '' 
 mrs. egin barks and her eyes snap upwards . 
 `` all be happening soon . 
 they thought i did n't have it in me . 
 said i was weak . 
 but they were wrong . 
 i have the power . 
 i can serve . '' 
 her hands go still . 
 her eyes soften . 
 `` you will see me die , '' she says quietly . 
 tears of confusion and fear come to my eyes . 
 `` mrs. egin , i. . . 
 i 'll fetch help ... i 'll get someone who can - '' `` thief ! '' 
 she yells , silencing me , wild and twisted again . 
 her hands come up and wave angrily at me . 
 `` find the thief ! 
 soon ! 
 you 'll see . 
 the mad old witch going up in a puff of smoke . 
 boom , kernel fleck . 
 boom ! '' 
 she laughs hysterically . 
 when you hear a witch laugh in a movie , it 's funny . 
 but this is n't . 
 the laughter hurts my ears , makes them ring from deep inside . 
 i half expect them to start bleeding . 
 `` i have to go now , '' i say quickly , turning away from her , sliding art round so he 's in front of me , all the time protecting him from her . 
 `` kernel , '' the witch says in a cold , commanding tone . 
 reluctantly , i stop and look back . 
 `` you wo n't tell anyone what you 've seen today . '' 
 it 's not a question . 
 `` mrs. egin ... you need help ... i think ... '' she spits on the ground by her right foot . 
 `` you 're a fool . 
 i 'm not the one who needs help - you are . 
 but never mind that . 
 you wo n't tell anyone . 
 because if you do , i 'll creep into your room late at night when you 're asleep and slit your throat from your left ear to your right . '' 
 she uses a trembling index finger to illustrate . 
 that 's too much . 
 i lose control and , to my shame , feel the front of my trousers go wet . 
 fortunately mrs. egin does n't see . 
 she 's already turned away . 
 walks back to her house . 
 pauses at the front door . 
 looks up . 
 there 's a six-sided patch of pink light pulsing rapidly just above her head . 
 she reaches up and strokes it . 
 the pulse rate slows , as if the light was afraid and she has calmed it down . 
 `` thought you were the only one who could see them , '' she says as i stare at her in shock . 
 `` but i can too . 
 now . 
 for a while . 
 until they take me . '' 
 i lie to mum . 
 tell her art peed on me . 
 she 's surprised - he 's never been a wetter . 
 she wants to change him . 
 i tell her it 's all right , i 'll take care of it . 
 i hurry to my bedroom and change my trousers . 
 i 'm almost out the door before i remember that art should be changed too , so i quickly find clean clothes for him . 
 i consider telling mum about mrs. egin 's behaviour . 
 recall her threat - `` slit your throat from your left ear to your right . '' 
 do n't say a word . 
 the day passes uncomfortably . 
 i ca n't forget what mrs. egin said , her wicked expression , stroking the pulsing patch of light . 
 `` you will see me die . '' 
 i should tell someone . 
 it does n't matter that she threatened me . 
 she wo n't be able to sneak into my room if i tell someone and they lock her up like the mad old witch she is . 
 but i wet my trousers . 
 if i tell about the rest , i 'll have to tell about that too . 
 and i do n't want people knowing . 
 so i say nothing . 
 i pretend it did n't happen , that it does n't matter . 
 and all day long i feel as if a thousand eels of terror are wriggling around inside me . 
 dad 's talking with mum about a craft fair when i come home . 
 she 's listening quietly , sitting by the piano . 
 -lrb- it was in the house when we moved in - none of us can play . -rrb- 
 she 's frowning . 
 `` this is one of the biggest fairs in the country , '' dad says . 
 `` it 's held every year , and a few of the paskinston artists always go , representing the village . 
 they sell a lot of work at it and rack up loads of orders . 
 it 's a real honour to be asked . 
 it would be rude to refuse . '' 
 `` but ca n't one of us go and one stay here ? '' 
 mum asks . 
 `` yes , but couples normally go together . 
 it 's not just about selling . 
 there are hundreds of artists and interesting people there . 
 it 's a chance to meet , mingle , get to know other people . 
 it 'll be fun . '' 
 i hand art to mum and sit close to her , following the conversation . 
 i learn a bit more about the fair , where it 's held , who 's going , how long they 'll be gone for . 
 dad 's proud to have been invited and keen to go , but mum 's worried about art and me . 
 she does n't want to leave us alone . 
 `` ca n't we take them along ? '' 
 she asks . 
 `` it 's not the done thing , '' dad says patiently . 
 `` nobody else brings their kids . '' 
 mum 's frown deepens . 
 we have n't been apart since we left the city , not for a single night . 
 but if they go to the fair , they 'll be gone for at least a week . 
 `` they wo n't be by themselves , '' dad says . 
 `` we 'll leave them with one of the neighbours . '' 
 `` i know , but ... '' `` kernel does n't mind . 
 do you , kernel ? '' 
 he smiles broadly at me , expecting my support . 
 if this was yesterday , i 'd have given it instantly . 
 but mrs. egin 's threat is fresh in my thoughts . 
 i do n't want to be left alone . 
 so i just shrug in answer . 
 `` you ok , big guy ? '' 
 dad asks , surprised . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` if you do n't want us to go , just say . 
 it 's not that important . '' 
 `` no . 
 i mean , i do n't mind . 
 not really . 
 it 's just ... '' i ca n't explain without telling them the truth . 
 so again i shrug . 
 `` what about art ? '' 
 mum says , kissing his head , looking up at dad . 
 `` art will be fine too , '' dad says and he sounds a little impatient now . 
 `` i 'm not sure , caspian . '' 
 `` melena ... '' dad sighs . 
 `` look , if it 's going to be a big deal , we wo n't go . 
 but this is our home now . 
 we 're safe here . 
 i do n't think we 've anything to fear in this place . 
 do you ? '' 
 `` no , '' mum says quietly . 
 `` so ... ? '' 
 mum pulls a face . 
 `` i just do n't like being apart from my darling babies ! '' 
 she exclaims . 
 we all laugh at that , and everything 's fine again . 
 mum bounces art up and down on her knee . 
 dad smiles and hugs her . 
 i feel happy and safe . 
 i ask what 's for dinner , and forget about the witch and all the bad thoughts of the day . 
 the morning of their departure . 
 dad gets the car ready while mum takes art and me over to sally 's house . 
 sally is one of the villagers who lives alone . 
 a bit older than mum . 
 fat . 
 a great singer . 
 she has two children of her own , but they 've grown up and left . 
 `` we 're going to have a great time , '' sally says as we set our bags down in the room where art and i are staying . 
 `` i wish there was a phone , so we could call and check that everything is all right , '' mum grumbles . 
 there are n't many phones in the village and sally does n't own one . 
 `` relax ! '' 
 sally laughs . 
 `` these boys can get along fine without you for a few days . 
 ca n't you , kernel ? '' 
 `` sure , '' i smile . 
 mum smiles back , but shakily . 
 dad calls us and we head out . 
 he 's standing by the car . 
 the back seat and boot are filled with musical instruments and paintings . 
 two other couples have already left in a caravan with the majority of the pieces which they hope to sell . 
 dad hugs art , then me . 
 `` look after your brother , '' mum says , kissing my cheek . 
 `` of course he will , '' dad says . 
 `` kernel 's the best brother in the world . 
 he 'll take care of art better than you or i could . '' 
 dad gets in and starts the engine . 
 mum hugs us one last time , then sits in beside him . 
 and they 're off . 
 art , sally and i wave after them . 
 mum rolls down her window , leans out and waves back , until they turn a corner . 
 although sally 's right beside us , i ca n't help but think as they roll out of sight - we 're alone now . 
 just art and me . 
 in a remote village . 
 with a witch . 
 the day passes smoothly . 
 school , playing with art during lunch , dinner with sally and some others . 
 the villagers like to share meals . 
 here it 's not polite to eat by yourself all the time . 
 we often have guests over to eat with us , or go to a neighbour 's house . 
 art does n't miss mum and dad . 
 he eats , drinks , plays and behaves the same as always . 
 does n't cry when sally gives him a bath . 
 he does give her a sharp nip on her left forearm at one stage , leaving deep marks , but that 's normal for art . 
 `` we should stitch his lips together when he 's not eating , '' sally says , rubbing her arm . 
 but she 's only joking . 
 sally loves kids . 
 of course , she 'd rather not be bitten , but the whole village knows about art 's biting habits . 
 sally knew what she was letting herself in for when she offered to have us . 
 it 's strange not having mum and dad around . 
 things were different when we lived in the city . 
 they often went out at night , leaving me with a babysitter . 
 and they 'd go for holidays by themselves occasionally . 
 i did n't mind . 
 i enjoyed staying with other people - i always got loads of treats . 
 but for the last year we 've been together all the time . 
 i 've got used to them being at home every night . 
 i feel like i did when i lost my favourite teddy bear a few years ago . 
 it was a scruffy grey bear , nothing special , but i 'd had it since i was a baby . 
 it had been my constant companion , even when i 'd outgrown my other teddies . 
 i took it to bed , on holiday , even to the cinema . 
 i felt like a friend had died when i lost it . 
 this is almost the same . 
 not as bad because i know mum and dad will come back . 
 but strange . 
 like something 's wrong with the world . 
 i 'm uneasy when it 's time for bed . 
 sally 's spare bed is soft , but it smells damp , like my socks when they 're wet . 
 art goes to sleep immediately , delighted to be sharing a bed with me . 
 but i ca n't drop off . 
 i 'm tired - i woke early , knowing mum and dad were leaving - but my eyelids wo n't stay closed . 
 i think about mrs. egin . 
 i have n't seen her since that morning when she witched out on me . 
 i 've taken the long way to school and back every day since . 
 i 've tried to laugh it off , make like it was no big deal . 
 told myself i imagined the curses and her stroking the patch of light . 
 but i know what i saw . 
 i ca n't pretend it did n't happen . 
 and although i 'm not as scared as i was that first night , i 'm still shaken , afraid to close my eyes in case she 's there when i open them , standing over me , cackling , a knife to my throat . 
 i turn from my left side to my right , then back again . 
 i try lying flat on my back , then on my stomach . 
 nothing works . 
 annoyed , i stop trying to sleep , hoping i 'll drift off by accident . 
 i look round the small , cosy room , then focus on the patches of light . 
 they look the same as ever , various shapes and shades . 
 i count triangles , quadrangles , pentagons , sextants ... no , that 's an instrument . 
 sextuplet ? 
 i 'm not sure . 
 i think that 's right , but i 'm not ... maybe it 's a. . . 
 i wake suddenly . 
 hexagon ! 
 of course . 
 ca n't believe i had trouble remembering that . 
 the brain can play funny tricks when you 're tired . 
 i turn , yawning , looking for art . 
 he is n't there . 
 at first , i think he 's just slipped further down beneath the covers , but when i lift them there 's no sign of him . 
 i sit up swiftly , sensing danger , recalling mum 's last words to me - `` look after your brother . '' 
 flash on an image of mrs. egin sneaking in , stealing art , putting him in a big black pot and boiling him alive . 
 my world is never truly dark . 
 the patches of light mean i can see pretty well even on the blackest night . 
 mum and dad used to try to convince me that the lights were n't real , but if they 're imaginary , why do i have such fantastic night vision ? 
 i get out of bed and hurry to the door , so certain art is n't in the room that my gaze glides right over him and i almost crash into him . 
 then my senses click in and i stop . 
 blink a couple of times to properly clear my eyes . 
 art 's in the middle of the room . 
 there 's a large patch of orange light pulsing just over his head . 
 he 's playing with marbles which sally gave to me earlier . 
 he 's holding two of them up over his eyes . 
 they 're orange-coloured , like the light . 
 art sees me and smiles , looking at me through the orange marbles . 
 for a brief second i 'm positive that somebody or something is in the room with us . 
 i think i hear a soft growling noise . 
 my head snaps left , then right - nothing . 
 i look back at art . 
 in the strange orange light , with the marbles covering his eyes , he does n't look like my brother . 
 i start to think that it 's not art , that he 's been replaced by some evil spirit , that the witch has been here . 
 i feel afraid . 
 i back up to the bed . 
 `` art ? '' 
 i say , very softly . 
 `` is that you ? 
 are you ok ? '' 
 a giggle breaks the spell . 
 art lowers the marbles . 
 and i see that of course it 's him . 
 `` idiot ! '' 
 i laugh weakly at myself . 
 i go pick art up and take the marbles away . 
 sally said not to let him have them in case he swallowed one . 
 art grumbles and tries to grab them back , but i tell him they 're dangerous . 
 he understands that and snuggles into me , nuzzling my shoulder with his teeth , but gently , not like when he bites somebody . 
 i stand there with art , feeling cold but happy , smiling at how silly i was . 
 art falls asleep in my arms . 
 i carry him back to bed , tuck him in , then climb in beside him . 
 lying on my side , i stare at the orange light , still pulsing . 
 it seems to have grown bigger , but that 's not unusual - the patches often change size . 
 two dabs later . 
 the orange light is still pulsing and changing size . 
 although i can call it closer like the other patches , i ca n't send it away more than twenty or twenty-five feet . 
 it 's started to bug me , like an insect which keeps buzzing in front of my face . 
 an uneasiness chews away at me every time i catch sight of it . 
 i know it 's crazy , worrying about a light , but i ca n't help myself . 
 i have a bad feeling about this . 
 it 's a lovely sunny day . 
 our teacher , logan rile , decided not to waste the weather , so we 're having lessons outside , in one of the fields around paskinston . 
 there are thirty-four of us , a variety of classes and ages , sitting in a semi-circle around logan . 
 he 's telling us about tectonic plates . 
 logan 's not the best teacher . 
 he sometimes forgets he 's talking to children and gets too technical . 
 very few of us understand everything he says . 
 but he 's interesting , and the bits that make sense are fascinating . 
 it 's also fun when you do understand him - it makes you feel clever . 
 some of the younger children from the cr che have come with us . 
 their normal minder has gone to the fair and her replacement 's finding it hard to cope with so many little ones . 
 she was delighted when logan offered to take a few off her hands for the day . 
 art 's playing with the orange marbles beside me . 
 i should n't let him have them , but he really likes them . 
 anyway , he has n't put them in his mouth yet . 
 i keep a close eye on him , checking every couple of minutes to make sure both marbles are in sight - not in his stomach . 
 `` so these plates are moving all the time ? '' 
 bryan colbert asks . 
 bryan 's one of the eldest children , nearly seventeen . 
 `` yes , '' logan says . 
 `` then why do n't countries move ? '' 
 `` they do , '' logan says . 
 `` the continents are drifting all the time . 
 it 's very slow , but it 's happening . 
 one day australia will collide with america or africa - i can never remember which - and the effects will be catastrophic . 
 new mountains will be thrust upwards . 
 there 'll be tidal waves . 
 dust will clog the air . 
 billions of people and animals will die . 
 it might be the end of all life on this planet . '' 
 `` all life ? '' 
 dave english - a kid a year younger than me - asks . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` but i did n't think that could happen . 
 everybody ... everything ... ca n't just die . 
 wo n't god keep some of us alive ? '' 
 `` no god can prevent the end of life on this planet , '' logan says in his usual serious way . 
 `` or the end of life in this universe . 
 everything has an end . 
 that 's the way life is . 
 but maybe there 'll be a new beginning when our world ends . 
 new life , new creatures , new means of existence . '' 
 `` that 's scary , '' dave mutters . 
 `` i do n't want everything to die . '' 
 `` nor me , '' logan smiles . 
 `` but our wants are irrelevant . 
 this is the way things are . 
 we can accept the truth and deal with it , or live in ignorance . 
 death is nothing to be afraid of . 
 once you think it through and get it into perspective , it 's not so bad . 
 in fact , many people - '' `` now ! '' 
 a woman screams , cutting logan off . 
 all our heads turn at once , as if our necks were connected . 
 i see mrs. egin lumbering up behind us , fingers twitching , frothing at the mouth . 
 `` now it happens ! 
 up the throat , past the gums , look out world , here it comes ! '' 
 the pink light which i saw her stroking a few days ago has grown much bigger and now seems to be touching her just behind her head . 
 it 's pulsing quickly . 
 other patches of light around it are pulsing too , and moving towards it , as though magnetically drawn to it . 
 `` mrs. egin ? '' 
 logan says , rising , signalling for the rest of us to stay seated . 
 `` are you all right ? '' 
 `` they said i could n't do it ! 
 thought i was n't strong enough to summon them ! '' 
 she laughs her witch 's laugh , then sings , `` wrong ! 
 wrong ! 
 wrong ! 
 now ! 
 now ! 
 now ! '' 
 `` mrs. egin , i think you should - '' `` you will see me die ! '' 
 she shouts and her eyes scan the group , fixing on me . 
 `` find the thief ! 
 who 's the thief ? 
 find him ! '' 
 fear comes shooting back . 
 i 'm not as afraid as when i was alone with her , but i 'm pretty petrified . 
 the others are too . 
 we huddle close together , shuffling into a tighter group for protection . 
 logan steps forward . 
 `` let me take you home , mrs. egin . 
 we 'll get you to bed , i 'll call for a doctor , and you 'll be right as rain in - '' mrs. egin roars a word i do n't know . 
 her lips are moving fast now , in that strange language she was speaking before . 
 logan stops short and hesitates . 
 that scares me even more - it 's bad news when your teacher is as frightened as you are . 
 the pulsing patches of light are moving faster , drawn towards the pink light . 
 they merge with it , then flow into mrs. egin . 
 now she 's glowing from within , the lights beneath her flesh , spreading through her body . 
 i stumble to my feet . 
 `` the lights ! '' 
 i gasp . 
 logan looks back at me . 
 `` calm down , kernel . '' 
 `` but the lights ! 
 ca n't you see them ? '' 
 `` what lights ? '' 
 `` inside her ! 
 she 's swallowing the lights ! '' 
 mrs. egin cackles while logan stares at me dumbly . 
 i glance around . 
 everyone 's looking at me oddly . 
 they ca n't see the lights . 
 there 's nothing any of them can do to stop this happening . 
 i focus on mrs. egin . 
 a bulging , pulsing bubble of light has formed behind and above her , patches melting together , colours mixing , flowing into her . 
 her eyes are bowls of light . 
 i ca n't see her lips - multicoloured froth hides them . 
 her skin appears to be rippling . 
 `` mrs. egin , '' logan tries again , facing her . 
 `` you have to - '' the witch shrieks triumphantly . 
 a piercing note of wickedness and victory . 
 i cover my ears with my hands . 
 logan covers his too . 
 my eyes scrunch shut , but i quickly force them open a crack . 
 i see mrs. egin stagger backwards . 
 she goes stiff , arms wide at her sides , head cocked to the left . 
 a gentle , tender smile crosses her lips . 
 then the lights explode through her . 
 and she explodes . 
 scraps fly everywhere - flesh , bone , guts , blood . 
 logan and the kids at the front are splattered by the spray . 
 they squeal with disgust and terror . 
 a chunk of bone hits logan hard in the face and he drops , grunting with pain . 
 i cover my eyes and drag art in close , turning him away from the carnage . 
 i 'm screaming . 
 everybody is . 
 but i can still hear mrs. egin 's scream over the sound of all the others , even though she ca n't be making any noise now . 
 for an uncountable number of seconds the witch 's scream holds , mingling with ours . 
 then it stops . 
 all the screaming stops in the space of a second or two . 
 eerie , unnatural silence . 
 i do n't want to take my arm away , but i must . 
 i have to look . 
 others are peeping too , although most are still covering their eyes or looking away from where the witch was standing . 
 mrs. egin is gone . 
 nothing of her remains , except a circle of blood and grisly carnage , covering the grass , logan and many of the children . 
 and at the centre of the circle - a panel of greyness . 
 the large grey patch of light hangs motionless a foot or two above the ground . 
 it 's three or four feet wide , maybe six or seven high . 
 jagged round the edges . 
 i 'm not the only one who can see this light . 
 others are pointing at it , gasping , murmuring , `` what the hell is that ? '' 
 this is a different type of light from the ones i usually see . 
 logan rises , rubbing his head . 
 stares in disbelief at the gory mess , then at the grey wall of light . 
 he 's an educated , experienced man . 
 but he 's seen nothing like this before . 
 `` she exploded ! '' 
 a boy yells , excited . 
 `` did you see her ? 
 it was amazing ! '' 
 `` is she dead ? '' 
 a girl asks , voice trembling . 
 `` what 's that light ? '' 
 `` yeah , what is it ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 logan walks round the panel of light . 
 i can only see his feet when he 's behind it . 
 then he comes back into view . 
 he 's more bewildered than afraid , like most of the kids around me . 
 the light has made more of an impression than mrs. egin exploding ! 
 perhaps they 're in shock , not ready to deal with the explosion - and her death - yet . 
 `` we have to get away from here . '' 
 i had n't meant to speak , but now that the words have popped out , i know i 'm right . 
 everybody gawps at me . 
 `` this is bad ! '' 
 i shout . 
 `` that light 's dangerous . 
 we have to run . '' 
 `` it 's ok , kernel , '' logan says . 
 `` this is mind-blowing , but we 're in the midst of something wondrous . 
 i 'm not sure what 's going on , but this is a once in a lifetime opportunity to experience the miraculous . 
 mrs. egin ... this light ... it 's incredible ! '' 
 he beams with delight . 
 some kids get to their feet and drift towards logan and the panel of grey light . 
 they 're not afraid now that logan is n't . 
 they trust him . 
 they think he knows best . 
 `` this is wrong ! '' 
 i yell . 
 `` it 's evil ! 
 ca n't you feel it ? '' 
 `` you should n't be so suspicious , kernel , '' logan laughs uneasily . 
 `` you 're covered in blood ! '' 
 i roar angrily , unable to believe that someone so smart can be this stupid . 
 `` mrs. egin 's dead ! 
 you 're walking through her guts ! '' 
 logan blinks . 
 looks down at his blood-soaked shirt and trousers . 
 his red hands . 
 the mess around him . 
 `` oh , '' he says quietly . 
 `` oh my - '' something bursts out of the grey light . 
 it has two long legs , a stumpy , leathery body , four arms which end in thick , hairy fingers . 
 a dark green head , a cross between a human 's and a dog 's . 
 no mouth . 
 long draping ears . 
 wide , white , evil eyes . 
 the thing grabs logan . 
 it somehow makes a hissing , whistling noise . 
 logan stares at it in shock . 
 two of its hands lock on his head . 
 the others clasp his shoulders . 
 the hairs on its fingers extend , growing at an unnatural speed , digging into the flesh of logan 's face . 
 one hair darts into his right eye , puncturing it . 
 logan shrieks with pain . 
 then the thing 's upper arms jerk apart quickly - ripping logan 's head off his neck ! 
 the monster tosses it to the ground . 
 stamps down hard with its right foot . 
 and logan 's severed head pops like a melon dropped from a great height . 
 chaos . 
 everyone 's running , crashing into each other , falling , screaming . 
 i 'm part of the madness . 
 clutching art in my arms . 
 fleeing blindly . 
 away from the grey light and the four-armed monster . 
 trying to stay on my feet . 
 weeping , partly because logan has been killed , mostly because i 'm terrified . 
 a girl smashes into me and knocks me to the ground . 
 i manage to fall with art on top of me , so he is n't injured . 
 he 's laughing - he thinks this is a game . 
 i start to yell at the girl , but then i see blood gushing from her throat , her arms thrashing . 
 she topples over . 
 flops about , then goes very still . 
 i look away before i can focus on her face . 
 i do n't want to know who she is . 
 right now i want to concentrate on the one thing that matters more than anything else - getting out of here before the monster kills me . 
 i push myself to my feet , chest heaving . 
 look for the best way out . 
 it 's hard to tell . 
 i 'm surrounded on all sides by panic . 
 i count two , three , four dead children - then stop . 
 i do n't want to know the numbers . 
 the monster 's on top of a boy - dave english , who was so afraid of death . 
 the beast 's fingers are buried in dave 's stomach . 
 it 's gazing around , white eyes darting from one child to another . 
 like it 's choosing its next victim . 
 or looking for someone in particular . 
 i 'm getting ready to run again when i spot movement in the panel of grey light . 
 a man steps through . 
 behind him is a blonde woman . 
 another woman after her , indian , wearing a sari . 
 then a second dark-skinned man . 
 the indian woman curses when she sees the corpses . 
 starts after the monster , her hands coming up , murder in her eyes . 
 `` sharmila ! 
 no ! '' 
 barks the first man . 
 he 's old . 
 he has a short beard and messy dark hair . 
 a shabby suit . 
 `` we must stop this ! '' 
 the indian woman shouts . 
 `` no , '' the man repeats , and i can tell by his tone that he 's accustomed to being obeyed . 
 `` master ... '' the second man says uncertainly . 
 he has the darkest skin i 've ever seen , as if his mother was the night . 
 `` i know , raz , '' the first man snaps . 
 `` but we must n't kill him . '' 
 `` the children , '' the indian woman snarls . 
 `` i will not stand by and let that demon murder all these children . 
 that would be monstrous . '' 
 `` she is right , master , '' the black man says . 
 `` oh , very well , '' the man in the shabby suit grumbles . 
 `` we 'll save as many of the young as we can . 
 we do n't want to be considered barbarians . '' 
 he laughs then signals for the others to spread out . 
 `` work cadaver back to the window and force him through . 
 we 'll track him down again later . '' 
 this sudden appearance and surreal conversation has astonished me so much , i 'm standing still instead of fleeing for safety . 
 the monster - a demon , the woman said - has moved on from dave english and is lolloping after a girl . 
 she 's racing from it like an olympic sprinter , but the monster 's legs are longer and it catches up with her in a couple of seconds . 
 reaches out with its long , hairy fingers ... then recoils when the ground at its feet explodes upwards . 
 the demon makes a high whistling sound , its head snapping round . 
 it spots the four humans who came through the panel -lrb- or window , as the man called it -rrb- . 
 it glares at them , white eyes filled with fury and hate . 
 they 're closing in on it from both sides , leaving a path to the window free . 
 pale blue light crackles from the black man 's fingertips - i guess he made the ground explode , distracting the monster and saving the girl . 
 art bites my right arm , hard . 
 it 's the first time he 's ever bitten me . 
 i get such a shock , i drop him and collapse on my bum . 
 he lands with a heavy thud , rolls over , then crawls towards the demon , gurgling happily . 
 he must think it 's some giant toy . 
 he 's so anxious to play with it , he bit me so i 'd release him . 
 `` art ! '' 
 i yell . 
 `` come back ! 
 it 's ... '' the demon spots me . 
 its white eyes roll down and fix on art . 
 it gives a loud , high-pitched whistle . 
 and then it 's running towards us , impossibly long steps . 
 i barely have time to register fear - then it 's on us . 
 it stoops , picks art up with one hand , hisses like a nest of snakes . 
 `` no ! '' 
 i cry , leaping at the demon , forgetting my fear , caring only about art . 
 i land on the monster 's left side . 
 from a distance i thought its skin was leathery , but now i realise it 's more like an insect 's brittle shell . 
 my fists crunch into it , knocking crinkly flakes loose . 
 i 'm yelling wildly , the way i always do when i get into a fight . 
 i tug at its hairy arms - they feel like strands of seaweed - desperately reaching for art . 
 the demon hisses again then knocks me aside . 
 i land hard on my right arm . 
 it twists beneath me and snaps . 
 i roar with pain , but roll over and force myself back to my feet , woozy but determined to rescue art . 
 but the demon is n't there . 
 it 's racing towards the grey window , art cradled in its arms , head down , legs a whirl of motion . 
 `` beranabus ! '' 
 the indian woman shouts . 
 `` let him go , '' the leader of the quartet says . 
 `` but the child ... '' `` not our problem . '' 
 `` art ! '' 
 i bellow , tears streaming from my eyes . 
 it 's hopeless , but i run after the demon , praying for the strength and speed to draw level with it before it reaches the window . 
 the demon pauses at the panel of grey light . 
 looks back at the four adults . 
 it hisses and shakes art at them , mocking them . 
 the hairs of its hands wrap round art 's ankles then snake up his legs . 
 he 's giggling , tugging at the monster 's floppy ears , no idea of the danger he 's in . 
 he drops his orange marbles - he 's found something better to play with . 
 the indian woman snarls and extends a hand towards the demon . 
 she starts muttering the words of what sounds like a spell . 
 before she can complete it , the monster jumps at the window , hits the grey light and vanishes . 
 returns to whatever hellish place it came from - with art . 
 i sink to my knees , stunned , staring at the window . 
 around me - screams , sobbing , moans . 
 the stench of blood and death . 
 calls from the village as terrified adults race towards their stricken children , too late to help , only in time to mop up the blood . 
 the four people who came through after the monster have gathered by the window . 
 the light is pulsing again . 
 the edges are throbbing inwards , turning white . 
 the leader stands in front of the panel . 
 `` do you think he 's waiting for us on the other side ? '' 
 the dark-skinned man asks . 
 the leader shrugs . 
 `` only one way to find out . '' 
 he steps forward and disappears like the demon . 
 the blonde woman follows , then the black man . 
 the indian woman pauses and looks round the field of misery . 
 her gaze rests on me . 
 she winces . 
 starts to say something . 
 changes her mind and steps into the light . 
 i 'm dazed . 
 shaking from shock and the pain in my right arm . 
 silently staring at the grey light as it pulses quicker and quicker , the edges closing in . 
 it 's about to collapse , break apart , become fragmented patches of light again . 
 fresh screams as parents find the remains of their children . 
 a chorus of wails , growing by the second , becoming a wall of anguished sound . 
 some kids are still running . 
 they do n't know it 's finished , that the monster 's gone , that the last victim was art . 
 i stumble towards the flickering window , wanting to believe there 's hope , that the indian woman will reappear with art in her arms . 
 art ca n't be gone forever . 
 i ca n't have lost him . 
 he 's my brother . 
 i spot the marbles on the ground by the window . 
 i pick them up , study their orange centres , then put them in my left trouser pocket . 
 i 'm numb . 
 hardly aware of the throbbing pain in my broken arm . 
 i think about mum and dad , how they 'll react when they return to find paskinston in mourning , art abducted . 
 mum 's last words to me echo inside my skull - `` look after your brother . '' 
 dad calling me the best brother in the world , saying i 'd take better care of art than they could . 
 but i did n't . 
 i let a demon take him . 
 staring into the heart of the grey light . 
 i tune out the screams . 
 focus on the window . 
 a voice whispers to me , a voice i have n't heard for a year . 
 tells me what i must do . 
 what it suggests is crazy . 
 i should dismiss it immediately . 
 but i ca n't . 
 the window is closing . 
 any second now , it 'll be gone . 
 but if i step forward before it closes ... chase after the demon ... perhaps i can find art , rescue him , bring him back home . 
 madness . 
 art 's probably dead already , slaughtered by the demon as soon as it escaped . 
 besides , i do n't know what lies on the other side of the window . 
 most likely more monsters like the one that took art . 
 i 'll almost certainly be killed . 
 even if i 'm not , there 'll be no way back once the window breaks up . 
 mum and dad will lose both their children . 
 double the sorrow . 
 i should forget about it . 
 ignore the voice and its suicidal suggestion . 
 but i ca n't . 
 because they 'll blame me . 
 they wo n't want to , but the accusation will be there , in their eyes . 
 a look that says , `` you did n't take care of him . 
 he was your brother . 
 you did n't protect him . 
 you let him go . 
 it 's your fault . '' 
 the edges of the window bend inward . 
 the grey light sputters . 
 there 's no more time . 
 i have to decide . 
 the greyness lasts a few seconds . 
 like a mist around me , except there 's no damp or cool sensation . 
 then it parts and i find myself surrounded by trees . 
 a forest of crooked , twisted , pitiful trees . 
 they 're howling . 
 at first i think something else is making the horrible noise , like a mix of car brakes squealing and somebody sawing through metal . 
 my brain tells me there are workmen nearby , or a weird animal . 
 but then i see the trees moving , swaying weakly . 
 there are holes in their dark , mottled bark . 
 and the howls are coming from the holes . 
 no question about it . 
 i try applying logic to the situation , like mr. spock . 
 the howls must be the wind blowing through the holes . 
 except there is n't any wind . 
 and i know - i know - that the trees are making the noise themselves . 
 they 're alive . 
 in pain . 
 howling with anger , hatred - and hunger . 
 i look for the window but there 's nothing . 
 either you ca n't see it from this side or it broke up into pieces while i was staring at the trees . 
 i take a hesitant step forward . 
 there 's a soft splashing sound . 
 i look down . 
 see water everywhere underfoot , covering the ground . 
 i look again at the trees . 
 i ca n't see any roots . 
 they 're all below the waterline . 
 i crouch , trying to see how deep the water is . 
 but it 's murky and muddy , and the trees block out most of the light . 
 i stick a finger in . 
 it slides down to the first knuckle , the second , the beginning of my palm . 
 i push my hand in up to my wrist without touching anything solid . 
 stare at my hand , then my feet . 
 i could be standing on a platform . 
 except i know - the same way i knew about the trees - that i 'm not . 
 i 'm standing on the surface of the water ! 
 i rise quickly , fear setting in again , certain i 'm about to drop and drown . 
 but although water splashes when i move my feet , i do n't sink . 
 i explore with my right foot , angling it downwards . 
 it dips into the water . 
 but when i bring it back up , level my foot and plant my sole down , the surface supports me . 
 i take one step . 
 two . 
 a third . 
 it 's not the same as walking on land . 
 more like walking across the floor of an inflatable castle . 
 but somehow , impossibly , the water keeps me up . 
 i smile at the craziness of it , then gasp as pain flares in my right arm . 
 i 'd completely forgotten about my broken limb . 
 the sudden surge of pain reminds me that i 'm walking wounded . 
 i 've never broken an arm before . 
 it does n't hurt as much as i thought it would , but it 's certainly no picnic . 
 i carry on walking , trying to keep my arm from jolting . 
 easier said than done - the watery floor is uneven , hard to balance on . 
 i do n't feel as if i 'm going to fall , but i tilt left and right quite often . 
 i have to use my arms to maintain my balance , which sets off the pain again . 
 i deliberately do n't think about where i am or the impossibility of walking on water . 
 i ca n't care about stuff like that . 
 i 'm here to find art . 
 nothing else matters . 
 i can marvel at the rest of it once we 're both back home , safe with sally . 
 yeah , like that 's gon na happen , an inner voice sniggers . 
 i ignore it . 
 try not to let the howls of the trees unsettle me . 
 stagger on in search of my kidnapped brother . 
 the water has seeped through my shoes and socks , and is climbing up the legs of my trousers . 
 i take no notice . 
 i have bigger things to worry about . 
 there 's no sign of the four humans , the demon or art . 
 and no way of tracking them . 
 if we were in a normal forest , perhaps there would be footprints . 
 but apart from ripples as i move across the water , the surface is smooth , unmarked . 
 i have n't seen any animals or birds . 
 only the trees . 
 and there are n't even leaves on those . 
 i 'd think they were dead if not for the howls , which echo relentlessly . 
 the noise is like needles poking away at my eardrums . 
 what now ? 
 the voice inside my head asks . 
 `` keep walking , '' i answer aloud , trying to drown out the howls of the trees . 
 `` they have to be here somewhere . 
 i 'll find them . '' 
 not necessarily . 
 they might have gone through another window . 
 or maybe they did n't come out the same place you did . 
 `` i 'll find them , '' i insist . 
 what if you do n't ? 
 there 's nothing to eat . 
 nowhere to aim for - every bit of this forest looks the same . 
 and how will you sleep ? 
 the water might not hold you if you lie down . 
 even if it does , it 'll drench you to the bone . 
 `` i can sleep on the branches of a tree . '' 
 maybe they eat humans , the voice suggests . 
 `` do n't be stupid , '' i mutter unconvincingly . 
 `` and there are probably fish in the water . 
 i can catch one to eat . '' 
 or it might catch you , the voice notes . 
 there could be sharks . 
 underwater monsters . 
 waiting . 
 moving in for the kill . 
 underneath you right this min - `` shut up , '' i growl . 
 `` art ! '' 
 i yell . 
 `` art ! '' 
 no answer . 
 the screech of the trees would probably muffle his cry even if he was here and trying to call back . 
 it 's hopeless . 
 i 'll never find him . 
 he 's probably dead anyway , ripped to pieces by the demon . 
 i should try to find a way home . 
 worry about myself , not my doomed brother . 
 but i ca n't think that way . 
 i wo n't . 
 i 've got to believe he 's alive . 
 the thought of returning home without art -lrb- even if i knew how -rrb- is too awful to consider . 
 i 've no idea how long i 've been here . 
 my watch is n't working - it stopped when i came through the grey window . 
 feels like a few hours . 
 i 'm wet , cold , miserable , alone . 
 trying hard not to think about logan and the kids killed by the demon . 
 flinching every time my brain recycles an image of the bloodshed . 
 i force myself to focus on other memories . 
 there 's no time to deal with the massacre . 
 i have to concentrate on finding art . 
 some small orange patches of light are flashing several feet ahead of me . 
 they began pulsing soon after i got here . 
 they move with me as i wander the watery forest , keeping me company . 
 i come to a semi-clearing . 
 the trees do n't grow so thickly together here . 
 i can see the sky , gloomy and purplish . 
 the sun shines dimly on my left-hand side - and a second sun shines weakly to my right ! 
 i rub my eyes and look again . 
 the suns are still there . 
 not strong like the sun i 'm used to . 
 smaller , duller . 
 i 'm not as amazed by the twin suns as i should be - the water and howling trees tipped me off to the fact that i was n't on my own world any more . 
 i wonder how day and night work here , or if there even is a night . 
 as i 'm staring upwards , several patches of pulsing light pass by . 
 different colours , shapes and sizes , slowly gliding along in the same direction . 
 i look around and notice other patches floating through the trees , converging on a point far off to my left . 
 without any kind of trail , i 've been walking aimlessly . 
 now i decide to follow the moving lights . 
 maybe an hour later i spot the four humans who came through the window after the demon . 
 they 're standing in a clearing , the old bearded man slightly apart from the others . 
 i think he 's muttering a spell , hands wriggling by his sides . 
 he 's the focus for the moving , pulsing lights . 
 they 're gathering in the space in front of him , slotting together , forming a window like the one in the village field . 
 i creep up without them seeing me . '' 
 ... still say we should have killed him , '' the indian woman is saying . 
 `` it was not right , letting him murder the children and take one of them . 
 we are supposed to protect people . 
 that is our duty . '' 
 `` the master knows what he is doing , '' the black man says . 
 `` he would not have let the demon go without good cause . '' 
 `` you 'll get used to people dying , '' the young blonde woman says . 
 `` beranabus is n't interested in saving the lives of a few individuals . 
 he does n't have time for trivialities . '' 
 `` trivialities ? '' 
 the indian woman explodes . 
 `` you call the loss of human life a trivi - '' `` no , '' the younger woman interrupts . 
 `` that 's what beranabus calls it . 
 he says we serve a greater purpose , that our mission is nothing less than the protection of mankind itself . 
 he says we ca n't worry about every human killed by demons , or waste time chasing strays . 
 he does n't mind you lot doing it , but we - '' `` i 'm trying to work ! '' 
 the elderly man - beranabus - barks , turning angrily . 
 `` if you 'd stop chattering like monkeys , maybe i could ... '' he sees me and stops . 
 `` who the hell is that ? '' 
 the others whirl around defensively . 
 they pause when they see me . 
 `` he does n't look like a demon , '' the black man says . 
 `` some do n't , '' the young woman growls . 
 `` a few can take human form . 
 you have to be careful . '' 
 she raises her right hand . 
 i sense power in her fingertips . 
 power directed at me . 
 `` no ! '' 
 i cry . 
 `` do n't hurt me ! 
 i 'm not a demon ! 
 i 'm kernel fleck ! '' 
 the young woman 's fingers curl inward , holding back the magical power which she was about to unleash . 
 she frowns . 
 `` he does n't sound like a demon . '' 
 `` it is the boy from the village , '' the indian woman says . 
 `` he was with the child cadaver kidnapped . '' 
 she smiles at me . 
 `` hello . '' 
 `` hi , '' i squeak nervously . 
 `` what 's he doing here ? '' 
 beranabus huffs . 
 `` i imagine he came through the window after us , '' the indian woman says . 
 `` in search of his brother perhaps ? '' 
 she arches an eyebrow questioningly at me . 
 `` yes . 
 the monster - demon - stole my brother , art . 
 i came to get him back . '' 
 `` nonsense , '' beranabus snorts . 
 `` it will have slaughtered and devoured him by now . '' 
 `` beranabus ! '' 
 the indian woman hisses . 
 `` do not say such a thing ! '' 
 `` why not ? 
 it 's true . '' 
 `` you do not know that . 
 and even if it is , you should not say it . 
 not in front of ... '' she nods at me . 
 beranabus laughs . 
 `` if the child was bold enough to follow us , he 's bold enough to be told the truth . 
 is n't that right , boy ? 
 we do n't have to lie . 
 you 'd rather we were honest about it , aye ? '' 
 `` art is n't dead , '' i say , my voice trembling . 
 `` he 's alive . 
 i 'm going to get him back . '' 
 `` steal him back from cadaver ? '' 
 beranabus laughs again . 
 `` you 're brave , but stupid . 
 you could n't find him , not if you searched for the rest of your life . 
 so it does n't really matter if he 's alive or not , does it ? '' 
 `` is that the demon 's name ? '' 
 i ask , ignoring his question . 
 `` cadaver ? '' 
 `` aye . 
 but that 's no use to you . 
 what are you going to do - report him to your police ? '' 
 `` we have to send this boy back , '' the young woman says . 
 `` open another window . 
 return him . '' 
 `` we do n't have time , '' beranabus says . 
 `` cadaver knows we 're after him . 
 he 's on the run . 
 the further ahead he gets , the harder he 'll be to find . '' 
 `` that does n't matter . 
 we must - '' `` you 're chasing him ? '' 
 i cut in , excited . 
 `` you 're going after the monster who stole my brother ? '' 
 `` aye , '' beranabus says , eyes twinkling . 
 `` then i 'll come with you . 
 please . 
 let me . 
 when you find him , if art 's still ... you know ... i can snatch him back . 
 take him home . '' 
 `` no , '' the indian woman says immediately . 
 `` it is too dangerous . 
 you do not know what you would be letting yourself in for ... excuse me , but what did you say your name was ? 
 `` kernel . 
 kernel fleck . '' 
 `` my name is sharmila . '' 
 she smiles . 
 `` you must go home , kernel . 
 if we find your brother , we will return him to you . 
 i promise . '' 
 `` no , '' i say stubbornly . 
 `` i want to help find him . '' 
 `` help ? '' 
 beranabus repeats , cocking an amused eyebrow . 
 `` how exactly do you plan to help ? '' 
 `` i. . . 
 i do n't know . 
 with the spells ? 
 the lights ? '' 
 `` what lights ? '' 
 beranabus frowns . 
 i point to the patches of light which are joining together ahead of him . 
 he looks at where i 'm pointing and his frown deepens . 
 i realise these people ca n't see the patches either . 
 before i can explain , the black man speaks up . 
 `` sharmila and nadia are right , master . 
 this child does not belong here . 
 we must return him . 
 if we do n't ... if we leave him in this nightmarish world of water and screaming trees ... we will be no better than the demons we seek to stop . 
 beranabus sniffs . 
 `` a nice plea , raz , but i never claimed to be any better than the demonata . 
 i say we leave him , and my word is final - is n't it , nadia ? '' 
 he looks hard at the young woman . 
 she stares back defiantly for a few seconds , then drops her gaze . 
 `` it would n't take long to open a window ... '' she mutters . 
 `` i could do it while you search for cadaver . '' 
 `` you 're not very skilled at finding your way around , '' beranabus says . 
 `` what makes you think you could locate the right place ? '' 
 `` i could try , '' she insists . 
 `` and even if i do n't find the exact spot , i can return him to our world . 
 he could make his own way home from there . '' 
 beranabus thinks a moment , then shrugs . 
 `` so be it . 
 waste your time if you wish . 
 but keep out of my way , so you do n't interfere with - '' `` i 'm not going ! '' 
 i shout . 
 `` i came to find art and i 'm not going home without him ! '' 
 `` kernel , '' the black man - raz - says , `` you do n't know what is happening . 
 this is not a place for children . 
 you must go home . 
 must n't he , sharmila ? '' 
 `` yes , '' the indian woman says , glaring at me like an angry teacher . 
 `` i gave you my word that i will return your brother to you if we find him alive . 
 that will have to be enough . '' 
 `` trust me , '' the younger woman - nadia - says with a sad smile , `` you do n't want to stay here . 
 you 've followed us into a different universe - the home of the demonata . 
 it 's a hell-hole . 
 this part is n't so bad , but we 're going to encounter far worse very soon . 
 you do n't want to be with us when that happens . 
 i would n't be here if i had a choice . '' 
 `` i do n't care , '' i say , close to tears . 
 `` art 's my brother . 
 mum told me to look after him . 
 i 'm not going back alone . '' 
 softly , voice cracking , i add , `` i ca n't . '' 
 sharmila 's eyes go soft with pity . 
 `` i am sorry , kernel . 
 we have spoken harshly . 
 but you have to understand - it is impossible . 
 you can not stay . 
 you could do no good here . 
 you must go home . 
 your parents will be frantic , thinking they have lost you both . 
 that is not fair , is it ? '' 
 `` no , but ... '' i ca n't find the words to explain . 
 `` enough talk , '' beranabus grunts , losing his patience . 
 `` the boy wants to stay ... you lot want to send him home ... this is easily decided . '' 
 he flicks a hand at me . 
 suddenly , i 'm flying through the air . 
 i smack hard into a tree and cry out with shock and pain , mostly from my broken arm . 
 as i fall to the ground , the branches of the tree move quickly . 
 catch me . 
 wrap themselves round me . 
 squeeze . 
 i catch sight of sharmila darting to my rescue . 
 beranabus waves a hand , stopping her . 
 the branches tighten . 
 the tree howls louder than ever . 
 i 'm lifted up . 
 the holes in its bark are expanding . 
 it means to crush and swallow me . 
 a few seconds more and i 'll be dead , killed and eaten by this monstrous sham of a tree . 
 something flares within me . 
 i scream at the tree , set my teeth on the nearest branch to my face and bite hard . 
 the tree screeches . 
 i chew through the branch , snapping it loose . 
 another . 
 my left arm comes free . 
 there 's heat in my palm . 
 i grab a branch and feel power shoot through my hand , into the wood . 
 the tree howls with pain , then abruptly releases me . 
 i drop , hit the water , go under , come up spluttering and thrashing . 
 i dip under again . 
 this time i stay there , feeling the water drag me down . 
 i realise the water 's alive too , like the trees . 
 just as hungry and eager to kill . 
 i fight the panic . 
 force my legs to stop kicking wildly . 
 direct the power in my palm down towards my feet . 
 i imagine myself as a rocket , blasting off , breaking free of the pull of the water . 
 for a few seconds nothing happens . 
 my lungs tighten . 
 my mouth twitches . 
 then , in a sudden burst , i explode upwards , out of the water , coughing , shivering , but free . 
 i land on my feet and this time the surface of the water holds . 
 there 's terrible pain in my broken arm as i land , but i quickly use the power to numb myself to it . 
 i face beranabus , furious at him for launching me at the tree and nearly killing me . 
 ready to attack him , to use my power to smash him to pieces . 
 he 's laughing . 
 the others are staring at me , stunned , but beranabus is laughing . 
 `` i thought so ! '' 
 he cackles . 
 `` i guessed there was more to this one than mere flesh and bone . 
 ordinary children do n't step out of their own world into the universe of the demonata . 
 you need to be one of us to be that crazy . 
 we 'll hold on to him . '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 sharmila cries . 
 `` but ... master ... he 's only a child , '' raz mumbles . 
 `` this is a bad idea , '' nadia adds . 
 beranabus is still working on his spells . 
 trying to find cadaver and open a window which will lead us to the creature . 
 according to nadia there are thousands of demon worlds like this . 
 cadaver could be on almost any of them . 
 i 'm squatting with the disciples in a semi-circle . 
 we ca n't sit down because of the water . 
 they look tired and upset . 
 sharmila argued with beranabus for a long time , insisting he send me back . 
 she said he was irresponsible and vile . 
 he just swore and told her not to tell him his business . 
 he said when she 'd lived as long as he had , and seen all the things he 'd seen , she could lecture him - but only then . 
 i study the disciples while beranabus works . 
 sharmila 's the eldest , fifty or more -lrb- though i 'm not very good at guessing ages -rrb- . 
 she has a painted red spot in the middle of her forehead . 
 i should know the name for it , but i ca n't remember . 
 wrinkly skin . 
 dark , soft eyes . 
 a long sari , many colours , ripped in several places and stained round the edges with blood and dirt . 
 raz is fat and black . 
 his skin 's incredibly dark . 
 if it was night , no moon and he shut his eyes , he 'd be invisible . 
 tight , curly hair . 
 not overly tall . 
 maybe in his thirties . 
 he wears a very fine suit . 
 i think he 's wealthy - he looks like someone who has n't worked with his hands a lot . 
 no shoes - none of the disciples wears shoes or socks . 
 nadia is in her late teens or early twenties . 
 she has short blonde hair , blue eyes and very bad skin . 
 lots of spots and acne scars . 
 a hard , plain face . 
 she would n't be especially pretty even if she had the clearest skin in the world . 
 plump , but with bony legs and arms . 
 she wears jeans and a dark green jumper . 
 looks unhappy , as though she 's suffered a lot . 
 nadia catches me watching her and smiles . 
 her whole face changes . 
 she looks a lot prettier . 
 `` strange days , huh , kernel fleck ? '' 
 `` i still do n't understand it all , '' i mutter . 
 `` actually , i do n't really understand any of it . '' 
 nadia laughs . 
 `` at least you 're honest . '' 
 she chews a fingernail , considering what to say . 
 eventually , she gestures at the elderly man on his feet . 
 `` that 's beranabus . 
 he 's a magician . 
 there are n't many of them in the world . 
 lots of people can do some magic if the situation is right , but only a few are born with full magical powers . '' 
 `` he is our master , '' raz says , gazing at beranabus adoringly . 
 `` he unites us , gives us direction , shows us the way . '' 
 `` he is an egotistical , reckless fool ! '' 
 sharmila disagrees , snorting harshly . 
 `` he cares nothing for any person 's life . 
 he claims to be on a greater mission to save the world , but i have my doubts . 
 i do not trust him and i advise you to be cautious also , kernel . '' 
 `` but is n't he your leader ? '' 
 i ask , confused . 
 `` yes . 
 but we follow him reluctantly , not out of choice . '' 
 she looks at raz and smiles . 
 `` well , some of us do . '' 
 raz and sharmila start arguing about beranabus ' faults and strong points . 
 nadia listens for a while , then shuffles away from them and nods for me to follow . 
 `` they 're new to this , '' she says quietly when we 're out of earshot . 
 `` beranabus has always been a legendary figure to them . 
 they have n't spent time around him , so they 're not sure how to respond to his ... peculiarities . 
 raz over-idolises him . 
 sharmila criticises . 
 but he does n't care what people say or think , as long as they obey his orders . '' 
 `` you 've been with him a long time ? '' 
 i ask and she nods . 
 `` is he your father or something ? '' 
 nadia laughs . 
 `` no , he 's just ... '' she pauses and chews another fingernail . 
 `` we 've all been where you are now . 
 sharmila , raz and i led normal lives once . 
 we sensed we were different , not completely like other people . 
 but we had families and friends , jobs and dreams . 
 we were ordinary . 
 happy . 
 then , one way or another , we found out about the demonata . '' 
 `` the demons ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 that 's their proper name - demonata . 
 they exist in a multi-world universe of their own . 
 they 've been around as long as mankind , maybe longer . 
 evil , murderous creatures , who revel in torment and slaughter . 
 they try to cross over into our world all the time , but most are either too weak or too strong . '' 
 `` too strong ? '' 
 i frown . 
 `` you stepped through a window to get here , '' she explains . 
 `` windows are the most common way of moving between universes , but they 're limited in size . 
 larger , stronger demons ca n't squeeze through . 
 there are other ways to cross - tunnels can be created - but they 're rare . 
 `` anyway , demons are real and they like nothing better than to cross into our world and murder humans . 
 they 're usually unable to stay in our universe more than a few minutes , so they only have time to kill a handful of people . 
 they 've slaughtered hundreds of thousands over the centuries , but for the most part we 've escaped pretty lightly , protected by the laws of physics . '' 
 nadia glances at beranabus , still working to find cadaver . 
 the patches of light have stopped gliding towards him , but there are lots in the air around the magician , pulsing at different speeds . 
 as he chants spells , pieces slot together , joining in a panel forming in front of him . 
 it 's strange that only i can see the lights , but i do n't comment on that in case i break nadia 's train of thought . 
 `` centuries ago , a few mages - people with magical talents , but not true magicians - decided to actively combat the demons , '' nadia continues . 
 `` they studied the disturbances created in advance of a demon crossing to our universe . 
 if they could predict their coming , they could stop the beasts or fight them when they entered our world . 
 they recruited other mages , then approached beranabus and tried - '' `` wait a minute , '' i interrupt . 
 `` you said this happened hundreds of years ago . '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` but ... '' i stare at the elderly , bearded magician . 
 he looks maybe sixty or more , but nothing like a guy in his hundreds , assuming a man could live that long - which is impossible . 
 `` time works differently in the demonata 's universe , '' nadia says . 
 `` it can move more slowly or quickly , depending on where you are . 
 but normally it 's slower . 
 an hour here could be a day or more on earth . 
 a week could be a year . 
 you could spend three or four years here and return to a brand new century . 
 or spend ten years here and return to a world which has only moved on by a week . 
 `` but humans ca n't survive in this universe . 
 even real magicians fall foul of the demon forces . 
 several have tried to extend their natural lifespan by coming here , but they 've all been ripped to shreds by the demonata . 
 except beranabus . 
 he 's strong enough to fight the demons as an equal , to survive among them . 
 he 's a few hundred years old . 
 at least . '' 
 raz and sharmila have stopped arguing . 
 raz moves close to his master , in case he needs help . 
 sharmila comes to squat by nadia and me , and listens as nadia continues her explanations . 
 `` the mages who wanted to fight the demonata contacted beranabus . 
 he 'd been fighting demons long before they came along , but usually in this universe . 
 he saw it as his duty to prevent the stronger demons from building tunnels and crossing over . 
 he focused on the demon masters - the ones who could destroy our world if they found a way across . '' 
 `` have you ever fought a demon master ? '' 
 sharmila asks nadia . 
 `` not yet , '' she says and a troubled expression flits across her face . 
 she falls silent and starts chewing her nails again , biting hard . 
 sharmila squeezes the younger woman 's shoulder , then takes up the story . 
 she has a soft but firm voice . 
 `` the mages asked beranabus to teach them his ways . 
 they wanted to study his methods , so they could fight the stronger demons too . 
 he told them he was not interested in being their teacher . 
 but they were persistent . 
 dogged him . 
 begged to become his students , to learn , to help . 
 `` finally , because he was tired of being bothered , or because he thought they might serve some good , he agreed . 
 `` he let a few travel with him through this universe , showed them how to fight , helped them understand more about their enemies . 
 they passed that knowledge on , teaching others how to destroy windows before they were fully formed , how to fight demons who made it through . 
 although often , when a demon crosses , it is better not to engage them directly , just try to limit the damage . '' 
 she pauses and shrugs stiffly . 
 `` that is not the way we like it , but it is the way it must be . 
 there are too few of us to take risks . 
 better we avoid direct conflict , and prevent other crossings , than fight , perish and leave the demons free to come as they please . 
 some disagree with that and take the fight to the demonata , but they do not last very long . '' 
 `` you tried fighting when you were younger , '' nadia says , and sharmila nods . 
 `` that 's why beranabus recruited you . 
 you and raz have fought demons . 
 he knows he can take advantage of your nobler nature . '' 
 she chuckles dryly and shoots beranabus a dark look . 
 i realise she does n't like the ancient magician . 
 maybe even hates him . 
 but in that case , why does she work for him ? 
 before i can ask , nadia picks up the story again . 
 `` the mages called themselves the disciples , to honour beranabus . 
 he did n't care about that , but to them it was important . 
 it still is . 
 their followers have kept the name . 
 there are never many disciples - maybe forty or fifty at any time . 
 they patrol the world , thwarting the plans of lesser demons , searching for other humans with powers like their own , to recruit , train and set against the demonata . '' 
 `` mostly we act independently of the master , '' raz says and all our heads bob up . 
 he 's standing over me , rubbing his hands together , smiling . 
 `` we were not properly introduced earlier . 
 my name is raz warlo . 
 this is sharmila mukherji . 
 and nadia moore . 
 we are - i 'm sure i speak for us all - delighted to meet you , and will do all in our power to make you feel that you are among friends and allies . '' 
 sharmila laughs shortly . 
 `` always the diplomat , raz . '' 
 `` one of us needs to be , '' he laughs back , then squats . 
 `` as i said , the disciples mostly act without orders from the master . 
 he leaves us free to operate as we see fit . 
 occasionally , he 'll assign one of us a task , perhaps to watch for signs of demonic activity in a certain area , or to come into this universe with him to fight . 
 but mostly we follow our own path . '' 
 `` lucky you , '' nadia says bitterly and shoots another harsh look at beranabus . 
 `` are you his ... slave ? '' 
 i ask hesitantly . 
 `` i might as well be , '' she spits , then smiles painfully . 
 `` no . 
 beranabus is a real son of a bitch , but i 'm free to leave if i wish . 
 i 'm different from raz , sharmila and the rest of the disciples - more gifted . 
 not necessarily more powerful , but i can ... '' she trails off and glances at raz and sharmila , who are staring at her curiously . 
 they do n't know this bit either . 
 nadia sniffs . 
 `` it 's not a secret . 
 beranabus did n't tell you because there was n't time . 
 he wo n't mind if i fill you in . 
 and i think i should because it concerns you and raz too . 
 it 's the reason you 're here . '' 
 `` i have been curious about that , '' sharmila says , and though raz says nothing , i can see that he 's intrigued also . 
 nadia rubs her arms , shivering slightly . 
 `` i 've been with beranabus a long time , maybe seven or eight years - though it 's been a lot longer than that in the human world . 
 when beranabus recruited me , talking movies had just come into fashion . 
 it was 1929 . '' 
 we gawp at her . 
 sharmila covers her mouth with a hand . 
 raz blinks owlishly . 
 `` 1929 ? '' 
 i echo . 
 `` but you 're so young . '' 
 `` i 've spent most of those seven or eight years here , where - as i 've explained - time works differently . '' 
 `` you mean you missed the second world war ? '' 
 raz asks . 
 `` rock and roll ? 
 the beatles ? '' 
 `` beetles ? '' 
 nadia asks innocently . 
 `` the beatles . 
 the biggest band in the world . 
 they ... '' he stops , not sure how to explain the beatles to somebody from 1929 . 
 `` poor girl , '' sharmila says , tears of pity in her eyes . 
 `` it 's not so bad . '' 
 nadia shrugs uncomfortably . 
 `` when we return to the human world , we stay in a cave which has been beranabus ' base for many centuries . 
 i have n't seen the outside world since i joined him . 
 i 'm not jealous or regretful . 
 not really . '' 
 she tries to make it sound like she honestly feels that way , but it 's clear that she 's deeply unhappy . 
 `` why ? '' 
 raz asks softly . 
 `` why did the master ask this great sacrifice of you ? 
 what is your gift ? '' 
 `` fortune-telling , '' nadia says with a giggle . 
 `` i was a child fortune-teller . 
 i 'd dress up as a gypsy and read people 's palms , tea leaves , a crystal ball - whatever . 
 when my parents realised i could make money doing it , they set up a special room in our house . 
 later , they took me on the road with a travelling fair . 
 i had a tent of my own . 
 they billed me as nadia le tarot . 
 it was fun , but frightening sometimes - i could see people 's death . 
 i was supposed to just tell them good things , but if i saw something upsetting , i could n't always hide it . 
 that got me into trouble . 
 `` i do n't know how beranabus found me . 
 he just turned up one night , and whisked me off into the madness of this . 
 i was terrified . 
 i did n't know who he was or what he wanted . 
 and all the demons ... '' she shudders and glares at beranabus . 
 i try to imagine what that must have been like . 
 it 's not difficult , since i 'm in much the same boat as she was . 
 but at least i made the decision to come here . 
 `` in time , i learnt why beranabus took me , '' nadia says . 
 `` i can sense things which have not yet happened . 
 there are many people who claim that gift , but i 'm one of the few who can really do it . 
 beranabus says my kind are even rarer than magicians . '' 
 `` how much can you see ? '' 
 sharmila asks , and there 's an edge to her voice . 
 `` can you see when we will die ? 
 and by what means ? '' 
 nadia shakes her head . 
 `` not yet . 
 i have to focus to gain insights like that . 
 and i prefer not to . 
 i do n't like knowing such details . '' 
 `` you say you can see the future before it happens , '' raz says slowly . 
 `` but if that is true , surely you can act to change it . '' 
 `` no . 
 it 's not that specific . 
 i might , for instance , see that you 'll die in a fire , but i wo n't know when or where it will happen . 
 my insights are never something that can be altered . 
 if i get a glimpse of a future event , it 's because it has in some way already happened . 
 it ca n't be undone or prevented . 
 `` but it is possible to use my gift to our advantage - that is , to beranabus ' advantage . '' 
 she goes quiet , staring at her fingernails . 
 most are bitten down to the quick , except the smallest nail on her left hand . 
 maybe she 's saving it for an especially stressful moment . 
 `` there is a weapon , '' nadia whispers , and we have to lean in to hear . 
 `` a demonic weapon , maybe legendary , maybe real - beranabus does n't know . 
 they call it the kah-gash . 
 according to the legends it 's ancient , even by the standards of the demonata . 
 we 're talking millions of years . 
 it was broken up into a number of pieces aeons ago and they 've been missing ever since . '' 
 `` how many pieces ? '' 
 raz asks . 
 `` we do n't know . 
 we do n't think any demon knows either . 
 but certain demon masters have been looking for them ever since . 
 beranabus is searching for the pieces too . 
 because whatever the kah-gash is , the legends claim it has the power to destroy universes . 
 they say it can wipe out either the universe of the demonata and every demon in it - or our own , and everyone in that . '' 
 `` what weapon could be so powerful ? '' 
 raz gasps . 
 `` even a nuclear missile can not destroy an entire universe . '' 
 nadia shrugs . 
 `` if i had the answer , i 'd know more than beranabus or any of the demonata . 
 but i know this much - one of the pieces will soon be found . 
 i 've seen it . '' 
 she starts chewing at the smallest nail on her left hand . 
 `` beranabus has had me concentrating on the kah-gash ever since he brought me here . 
 i spend hours of every day brooding about it , running the word through my thoughts , trying to find out where the pieces might be . 
 `` a few days ago i had an insight . 
 i sensed that part of the kah-gash was going to be discovered in the near future . 
 i caught a glimpse of a demon - cadaver . 
 words popped into my thoughts - ` the demon thief will guide you . 
 find the thief . ' '' 
 find the thief . 
 that 's what mrs. egin said when she was freaking out , and just before she exploded ! 
 i start to tell the others , but sharmila speaks up before me . 
 `` cadaver stole the baby - kernel 's brother . '' 
 nadia nods . 
 `` beranabus was ecstatic when that happened . 
 it confirmed that we were on the right track , that cadaver was a demon thief . '' 
 `` so that 's what this is about , '' raz says , nudging my right arm . 
 -lrb- it does n't hurt now . 
 it 's been healed by magic . -rrb- 
 `` nadia and the master came for me - having already collected sharmila - a day or so ago . 
 the master said he had need of me , but did n't say what he wanted me for . 
 now i see - it was to help search for the kah-gash . '' 
 `` but i do n't see what difference you or i can make , '' sharmila frowns . 
 `` were we in your vision , nadia ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` then why involve us ? 
 if beranabus has searched for this weapon by himself all these years , why come to us for help now . '' 
 `` because of what i saw and sensed , '' nadia mumbles . 
 `` if we pursue this , there will be a confrontation . 
 i caught glimpses of a battle with forces greater than our own . '' 
 she pulls her finger away from her mouth . 
 sets both hands on her knees . 
 looks at each of us slowly , one after the other , as she speaks . 
 `` beranabus did n't tell you about this because there was no time . 
 but i doubt he would have told you anyway , in case he frightened you away . '' 
 `` i 'm not frightened of a fight , '' raz snorts . 
 `` i am , '' sharmila says . 
 `` but i would fight regardless , if beranabus asked me . 
 he knows that . 
 i have fought before . 
 raz too . 
 you said that is why he chose us . '' 
 nadia falls silent . 
 she squats with her face averted . 
 raz and sharmila look anxious and move away to discuss the revelation in whispers . 
 i stay where i am , watching beranabus work . 
 i 'm not that disturbed by nadia 's prediction . 
 this is all crazy anyway . 
 death 's only to be expected in a place like this . 
 beranabus is having difficulties with the window . 
 the patches of light are slotting into place , but slowly . 
 and while most of the patches he 's joined together are pulsing at the same rate , some are n't . 
 if he could see the lights , it would be simple , but he ca n't . 
 he has to create the window using complicated , time-consuming spells . 
 i ca n't understand why the magician and the others ca n't see the lights . 
 they 're more powerful and experienced than me . 
 so why am i the only one who can view the assembly of the window ? 
 while i 'm pondering that , a few more patches of light slot into place . 
 a shimmer runs through the panel . 
 the various colours vibrate a few times in unison . 
 then they all turn yellow and stop pulsing . 
 `` ah ! '' 
 beranabus grunts . 
 he turns , claps his hands to get everyone 's attention , then waves at the window of yellow light , now visible for all to see . 
 raz and sharmila approach with suspicion . 
 nadia hangs back . 
 `` do you know what is through there ? '' 
 sharmila asks . 
 `` another world , '' beranabus says . 
 `` can you be more specific ? '' 
 he shrugs . 
 `` i was searching for cadaver , not a specific world . 
 until we pass through the window , i 've no way of telling where we 'll emerge . '' 
 he raises a bushy eyebrow . 
 `` nervous , miss mukherji ? '' 
 `` nadia told us about her vision , '' raz mutters , gaze lowered . 
 `` about the kah-gash and your quest . 
 she said there would be fighting and death . '' 
 beranabus snorts . 
 `` that girl should learn to keep her mouth shut . '' 
 he glares at nadia , then shrugs . 
 `` you chance death every time you face a demon . 
 that 's nothing new . '' 
 `` but we have been told that on this occasion it definitely lies in wait , '' sharmila says . 
 `` that is different . '' 
 `` not really , '' beranabus says . 
 `` nadia has no idea who will die . 
 it could be anyone - you , her , me , the boy . 
 maybe it will be all of us . '' 
 beranabus looks at the window and scowls . 
 `` you can quit if you wish . 
 i 've no time for cowards . 
 but consider this - the kah-gash can destroy a universe . 
 if you withdraw and the piece of the weapon we 're chasing falls into the hands of the demonata ... '' `` you really believe the kah-gash exists ? '' 
 sharmila asks . 
 `` aye . '' 
 sharmila and raz share an uneasy glance then raz nods , followed - after a pause of several seconds - by sharmila . 
 `` how about you , fleck ? '' 
 beranabus turns his small dark eyes on me . 
 this is the first really close look i 've had of him . 
 his skin is pale , but covered in dirt and grime . 
 lots of wrinkles , and a few old scars and blemishes . 
 untidy black hair , clumps of grey and white , his beard trimmed unevenly . 
 his hands are clean , in contrast with the rest of him , but the tight flesh round his knuckles is covered by lots of blotches and faded scars . 
 dusty , dirty clothes . 
 he wears a small flower in a buttonhole on his jacket , which looks pathetically out of place . 
 several of his teeth are missing , and the rest are crooked and rotten . 
 he smells bad , like something that has half decomposed . 
 i do n't like him and i do n't trust him . 
 but he 's the only hope i have of finding art . 
 `` i 'm coming , '' i say , trying to sound more positive than i feel . 
 `` then it 's decided , '' beranabus says and steps through the yellow window . 
 sharmila follows , then nadia - reluctantly , chin low . 
 raz claps me on the back . 
 `` after you . '' 
 i face the window of yellow light . 
 think about the demons that might be waiting on the other side . 
 take a breath . 
 hold it . 
 step through . 
 a desert world . 
 it 's night , but lots of stars are glittering , so i can see clearly in all directions . 
 beranabus is magically searching for cadaver , standing very still , eyes closed . 
 after a few minutes he shakes his head . 
 `` he 's been through here but did n't stop . '' 
 rolling his shoulders , he spits on his hands , scuffs the sand with his feet , then starts on another spell , to open a new window and follow the demon to whatever world it fled to next . 
 the patches of light round us are glowing steadily when beranabus begins . 
 soon after he starts searching for cadaver , several pulse and move towards a spot in front of him . 
 as he chants , more pulse and others drift in from afar to be added to the patchwork panel . 
 beranabus is piecing them together with spells . 
 but if he could see them like i could , and move them directly by hand ... i think about offering my help , but i 'm afraid he 'll laugh at me , so i keep my idea to myself . 
 after a while i realise it 's been ages since i ate or drank , yet i do n't feel hungry or thirsty . 
 i mention this to raz , who 's lying on the sand close by , idly gouging out shapes with a finger . 
 `` i noticed that too , '' he says . 
 `` and although i have been here a day or two , i do n't feel sleepy . 
 our bodies must work differently in this universe . 
 it is a place of magic and you can do many incredible things with magic . '' 
 he waves a hand over the sand and a sandcastle slowly thrusts upwards , turrets , a moat , tiny sandy guards on the ramparts . 
 `` cool ! '' 
 i gasp . 
 `` do you think i could ... ? '' 
 `` try , '' he says . 
 `` i did n't know i could do that until just now . '' 
 excited , i sit and think about a castle even bigger and grander than raz 's . 
 i wave a hand over the sand , summoning my masterpiece . 
 nothing happens . 
 disappointed , i decide i 'm being too ambitious , so i picture a smaller castle , with fewer turrets and troops . 
 again , nothing happens . 
 i keep lowering my expectations , demanding less and less , until finally i ask for the simplest sandcastle possible . 
 the sand ripples , then spits up a meagre glob . 
 raz laughs . 
 `` do n't worry . 
 gifts vary . 
 magic shows itself uniquely in each person . 
 i can create sandcastles . 
 perhaps you can change shape or make rain . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 `` it 's possible . '' 
 i close my eyes and think about what sort of an animal i 'd like to turn into . 
 later . 
 no luck with the shape-changing or making rain . 
 if i have a magical gift , it must be very unique ! 
 beranabus is hard at work on the window , which seems to be nearing completion . 
 i 'm lying next to nadia , sharmila and raz close by . 
 nadia 's been telling us about her life with beranabus , the ways of demons , how to fight them . 
 `` where are they all ? '' 
 i ask during a lull . 
 `` this is the second world i 've been to , and apart from the trees , i have n't seen any demons . '' 
 `` in a hurry to spot some ? '' 
 sharmila chuckles . 
 `` no . 
 i was just wondering . 
 where do they live ? '' 
 `` they could be anywhere , '' nadia says . 
 `` beneath the sand . 
 all around us and invisible . 
 on the other side of the world . 
 there might be thousands here or only one . 
 it varies . 
 some demons create a world just for themselves . 
 others - '' `` demons can create worlds ? '' 
 raz interrupts . 
 `` the stronger ones can . 
 most just rampage through existing realms , but demon masters have the power to make new worlds and even self-contained universes . '' 
 `` do they make the stars as well ? '' 
 i ask . 
 nadia smiles grimly . 
 `` those are n't stars . '' 
 we stare at her then up at the sky . 
 it 's peppered with glowing dots . 
 they 're not like the stars in our universe - they 're bigger , brighter , closer , and many move across the heavens like meteors . 
 but they ca n't be anything other than ... `` they 're demons , '' nadia says . 
 `` they ca n't be ! '' 
 sharmila protests . 
 `` nevertheless , they are . '' 
 `` but ... '' sharmila gazes up at the sky , horrified . 
 `` to be able to see them from here ... they must be enormous ! '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` are they demon masters ? '' 
 raz asks . 
 `` a few , perhaps , but most are just incredibly large demons who sail the skies , looking for others to torture and destroy . 
 they do n't usually bother with the likes of us - we 're too tiny - but occasionally one might decide to squash us like ants . '' 
 she chuckles humourlessly . 
 `` when that happens , you get out as quick as you can . 
 there 's nothing else you can do against a star-sized demon . '' 
 i gawp at nadia , then at the sky , filled with monstrous shapes . 
 suddenly , this place feels a lot more dangerous than it did a few minutes ago . 
 the next world is a giant , needle-shaped chunk of rock . 
 the top is flat and lumpy , sixty or seventy feet in diameter . 
 a hot wind howls round it , biting at us , threatening to rip us loose and cast us over the edge . 
 beranabus curses and crouches . 
 we copy him . 
 `` i 've been here before , '' he says , speaking as quietly as he can , yet loud enough to be heard over the howling wind . 
 `` it was n't somewhere i ever wanted to return to . '' 
 the anxiety in his tone affects us all , even nadia , who starts murmuring the words of a spell - i think it 's meant to protect us , or at least her . 
 `` i 'll keep the window to the other world open as long as possible , '' beranabus says . 
 `` that way , if we come under attack , we can ... '' he stops . 
 the yellow window of light has blinked out of existence . 
 beranabus growls and a look of disgust crosses his face . 
 `` what 's happening , master ? '' 
 raz asks nervously . 
 `` we 've been ensnared , '' beranabus says , rolling up the sleeves of his jacket and shirt . 
 `` cadaver 's led us into a trap . '' 
 `` is he here ? '' 
 sharmila asks , looking round uneasily . 
 `` no . 
 he 's not welcome in this place . 
 but he must have tipped off the kallin . 
 they were waiting for us . 
 they destroyed the window . '' 
 `` who are the kallin ? '' 
 raz yells . 
 `` crawl to the edge , '' beranabus says , turning away from us and sitting cross-legged . 
 `` have a look . 
 nadia , '' he adds , `` marshal them . 
 help them fight . 
 buy me time . 
 i do n't think i 'll be able to open a new window fast enough , but let 's not die cheaply . '' 
 he starts muttering spells , lips moving at a tremendous speed . 
 around him , patches of light pulse and blink , then move together , a bit faster than before , but not greatly so . 
 we look at each other then crawl towards the edge of the needle . 
 the wind increases as we get closer . 
 we lie flat on our stomachs , inching forward . 
 i feel sick . 
 i do n't want to look over the edge . 
 but i must . 
 i do n't suffer from vertigo , which is good because it 's a long drop . 
 and i mean l-o-n-g ! 
 i ca n't see the base of the needle . 
 it seems to be suspended in mid-air , and for all i know , it is . 
 we 're in a universe of demonic magic . 
 who says giant needles of rock need to be rooted to the ground ? 
 but the stomach-churning drop is n't the worst thing . 
 slithering up the face of the rock are ... things . 
 hundreds and thousands of small , long , black , hairy , spider-like creatures . 
 except they ca n't be spiders because they have no legs . 
 they move more like worms . 
 slithering towards us , an army of them . 
 the kallin . 
 one of the monsters leans back and raises its face to us . 
 i see dozens of tiny eyes and a wide mouth . 
 as i watch , the mouth stretches like a snake 's , the thing opening its jaws far wider than its body . 
 there are fangs inside the mouth . 
 more than i can count . 
 something taps my shoulder . 
 i scream , whipping round . 
 but it 's only nadia . 
 she grabs me before i roll off the top of the needle , drags me away from the edge to where sharmila and raz are waiting . 
 `` we 're in trouble , '' she says simply . 
 `` there are thousands , so we ca n't fight them . 
 our best hope is to block them . 
 that means a barrier of energy , to keep them back . '' 
 `` will that work ? '' 
 raz asks . 
 `` we 'll soon find out . 
 now , we have a few minutes , so let 's see what we have to work with . 
 i want each of you to create a personal barrier . 
 imagine yourself at the centre of a bubble of energy . 
 let your magic flow into it . 
 once i have an idea of your power , i can coordinate a spell and unite our magic forces . '' 
 sharmila and raz close their eyes and focus . 
 i do n't have a clue what i 'm doing , but i follow their lead . 
 i concentrate , trying not to think about the kallin , willing a barrier into place , praying i have more success than with the sandcastle . 
 a few seconds later nadia says , `` let 's see what we have . '' 
 i open my eyes and spot her throwing a punch at raz . 
 her fist stops several inches short of his face . 
 she tries again - same result . 
 she grunts with satisfaction . 
 jabs at sharmila . 
 her fist slows but does n't stop . 
 lightly smacks into sharmila 's chin , not harming her but getting through the barrier . 
 `` try to strengthen it , '' nadia says . 
 jabs a second time . 
 again , she penetrates sharmila 's barrier , but with more difficulty . 
 pulls a so-so face . 
 `` now you , '' she says to me . 
 makes a fist , starts to throw a punch ... then stops . 
 sticks out her right index finger . 
 pokes at me softly . 
 prods my nose . 
 smiles . 
 `` guess you 're out of this one . 
 `` it 's not my fault , '' i grumble . 
 `` i 'm not used to magic . 
 i do n't know how to make it work . '' 
 `` it 's ok . '' 
 she tweaks my nose . 
 `` you can be our second line of defence . 
 watch for any demons getting through . 
 if one penetrates the barrier , do your best to kill it while we plug up the hole it creates . '' 
 `` how do i kill them ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` with magic . 
 you can stamp on them , choke them , firebolts of energy - whatever comes most naturally to you . 
 but there has to be magic as well . 
 you ca n't kill a demon by physical force alone . '' 
 `` what if i ca n't make it work ? 
 what if - '' `` kernel ! '' 
 she snaps . 
 `` we do n't have time for hysterics . 
 just do your best , like when you escaped from the demon tree . '' 
 she draws sharmila and raz aside to prepare them . 
 while they 're discussing magical barriers , i creep to the edge of the needle to monitor the advance of the kallin . 
 they 're a lot closer than a couple of minutes ago . 
 not so small now that i have a better view of them . 
 two or three feet long . 
 making soft squeaking noises , barely audible over the roar of the wind . 
 i think about throwing myself off , taking the easy way out , not waiting for them to clamber over me and rip at me with their fangs . 
 one short step or leap ... a few seconds or minutes of freefall ... then no more worries . 
 unless there 's nothing to freefall to . 
 maybe there 's no ground in this part of the demonata 's universe . 
 i might bob back up or fall forever , a lifetime of falling ... screaming ... thrashing . 
 `` they 're almost to the top ! '' 
 i shout , putting the dark thoughts behind me . 
 `` half a minute and they 'll be all over us ! '' 
 `` get back here , '' sharmila calls . 
 they 've gathered close to beranabus , who 's concentrating on the slowly forming window . 
 i crouch next to raz , feeling safer beside him than sharmila , since he was able to construct a stronger barrier . 
 the demon flies straight at me , like an arrow fired from a bow . 
 a scream builds at the back of my throat , but before it can burst out of my mouth , the kallin hits an invisible barrier and is deflected . 
 it crashes into a group of other long , hairy demons . 
 irritated , their fangs flash and they rip the first kallin to shreds . 
 bloody bits of it fly everywhere . 
 i press myself hard against raz as the demons surround us , gnashing at the barrier , wriggling around and over it , searching for weak points . 
 within seconds , they cover the barrier entirely , blocking our view of the sky , plunging us into almost total darkness . 
 i can see by the light of the pulsing patches , but the others must be nearly blind . 
 nadia clicks her fingers and a ball of flame appears overhead . 
 i preferred the darkness . 
 we can see the kallin in more detail now , their long , hairy bodies , the stiff , spiky hairs on which they move , their abnormally large mouths and fangs . 
 they drool and slobber as they snake across the face of the barrier . 
 soon it 's like looking at them through a window streaked with spit and vile juices . 
 raz is sweating . 
 so are sharmila and nadia . 
 trembling , not with fear , but the effort of maintaining the barrier . 
 this is hard . 
 i do n't think they can keep it up for more than a few minutes . 
 i glance at beranabus and the window he 's working on . 
 it 's nowhere near complete . 
 a few minutes wo n't be long enough . 
 one of the kallin penetrates the barrier with its head . 
 it squeals with triumph , fangs snapping together , trying to squeeze the rest of its body through . 
 i tense , readying myself to fight , but then nadia shouts a brief spell and the barrier closes sharply around the demon , slicing its head off . 
 the head falls to the floor , but the jaws continue snapping open and shut . 
 it drags itself forward using its fangs , dozens of eyes glittering angrily . 
 i get to my knees , face the head , try summoning magic to use against it . 
 instead , panic-stricken , i throw up . 
 the demon gibbers - it can still make noise - and crawls at me through the pool of vomit . 
 i watch , repulsed and terrified . 
 then , as it 's about to drag itself out of the vomitous pool , i have a thought . 
 i reach out , touch the vomit with a finger and charge it with magic , which flows through me from some unknown source . 
 the vomit bubbles and becomes acid . 
 the kallin head shakes wildly . 
 desperate , it hurls itself out of the pool , using an upper fang as a makeshift vaulting pole . 
 i make a fist and , roaring with fear , punch the head back down . 
 the acid eats into it . 
 the head shakes a few more times , then dissolves , bubbling away to a bloody , hair-streaked mess . 
 a feeling of power and victory washes through me . 
 i 've killed a demon ! 
 i used magic to destroy its ugly ass ! 
 i 'm hercules , samson and thor rolled into one ! 
 i glare at the thousands of kallin , eager for another to break through , so i can send it the way of its boiled-down brother . 
 `` come on , '' i snarl . 
 `` i 'll turn you all into stew ! '' 
 `` the boy 's enjoying himself , '' raz notes , teeth chattering from the effort of keeping the barrier in place . 
 `` i do not think he will be so ... anxious to fight ... when the barrier breaks ... and they come crashing down upon us ... in their multitudes , '' sharmila mumbles . 
 nadia says nothing . 
 she 's staring ahead , eyes wide open now , sweat filling the pockmarks on her face . 
 terrified . 
 overcome with confidence , forgetting that moments ago i was throwing up and more afraid than i 'd ever been , i take matters into my own hands . 
 turning to where beranabus is piecing together a window , i watch the pulsing lights for a couple of seconds . 
 then , impatient , i reach up and nudge a patch of light towards the cluster . 
 it slides ahead of my fingers , slotting into place . 
 i start moving others . 
 it 's simple . 
 i do n't even have to touch the lights - they move before my fingers , weightless , a breeze to manipulate . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 beranabus snaps . 
 `` i can do it quicker than you , '' i tell him , adding more patches of light to the now rapidly forming window . 
 `` you 're distracting me , '' beranabus growls . 
 `` get out of my way before - '' `` you 're too slow ! '' 
 i shout . 
 `` you ca n't see the lights . 
 i can . 
 so let me do it . 
 i can make ... '' i pause . 
 the lights around me have stopped pulsing . 
 for a second - absolute panic . 
 i ca n't complete the window ! 
 then i realise what 's happened . 
 `` where were you trying to open the window to ? '' 
 i pant . 
 beranabus starts to argue . 
 `` just tell me ! '' 
 i yell . 
 beranabus squints then says , `` i was searching for cadaver . '' 
 i think about the demon which stole my brother . 
 recall its long legs , stumpy body , thick hairy fingers . 
 its face , half human , half canine . 
 its drooping ears and wide white eyes . 
 the patches of light start pulsing again . 
 eagerly , i reach up and begin slotting them into place , creating a window . 
 i 'm not sure how or why this works , but i know i 'm right . 
 i was never crazy . 
 the lights were n't imaginary . 
 they were there for a reason - and now that reason is clear . 
 i ca n't use magic to make sandcastles or barriers , but i can sure as hell open windows to other worlds ! 
 beranabus stares at me wordlessly . 
 he ca n't see the lights . 
 he only sees my hands moving swiftly , fingers flying in all directions , like a mad conductor . 
 but he feels the magic . 
 he knows - hopes - i 'm not blowing our only chance of survival . 
 `` master ! '' 
 raz shouts . 
 `` hush , '' beranabus says . 
 `` let him work . 
 if he can do what i think ... '' `` but the barrier ! '' 
 raz cries . 
 `` we can not hold it ! 
 i feel it crumbling ! '' 
 beranabus mutters a quick spell and i sense the barrier thicken around us . 
 the cries of the demons and howl of the wind are muted slightly . 
 `` relax , '' beranabus says to me . 
 `` i can hold this barrier for a long while now that i have nothing else to focus on . 
 you have time . '' 
 i do n't respond or slow down . 
 too excited . 
 i can see the window coming together . 
 for the first time in my life i feel completely in control of myself and the world around me . 
 i have a purpose . 
 i know what i was born for . 
 this is my gift . 
 why i always felt like a misfit . 
 i had a great power . 
 a destiny . 
 `` what 's he doing ? '' 
 nadia asks . 
 `` something i 've never seen anyone else do , '' beranabus says softly . 
 `` not even the most powerful demon master . '' 
 `` are you sure he is not having some kind of fit ? '' 
 sharmila asks . 
 `` we 're dead if he is , '' beranabus laughs . 
 `` i do n't like this , master , '' raz says . 
 `` to place our lives in the hands of an untested child ... '' `` children are often the true saviours , '' beranabus says . 
 `` not knowing the rules of the universes , they can sometimes turn those rules on their head . 
 we must trust , raz warlo . 
 and hope . '' 
 i feel his eyes hot on my back . 
 `` the boy is all we have . '' 
 i do n't think about my grave responsibility . 
 all i focus on are the patches of light , pulsing in the air around me , more gliding into reach from the world outside , slipping through the ranks of kallin and the wall of the barrier . 
 nothing can hold the lights back , interfere with them or divert them from their course . 
 except me . 
 i 'm their master . 
 i can do anything with them that i like . 
 my hands blur . 
 the panel of lights builds , two feet wide , three feet high ... four ... five . 
 just as i 'm adding a large , hexagonal block of blue light to the mass , the lights pulse in unison a few times , then go a dull shade of steady white . 
 `` by all the gods ! '' 
 raz gasps . 
 `` i do not believe it ! '' 
 sharmila exclaims . 
 `` no ! '' 
 nadia moans with disbelief . 
 beranabus just chuckles and says , `` my compliments , kennel . '' 
 `` it 's kernel , '' i correct him , looking up at his bearded face and small dark eyes . 
 `` kernel fleck . 
 master of the lights . '' 
 he tilts his head , acknowledging my power . 
 i 've never felt more alive or special . 
 the others gawp from me to the window , then back at me . 
 `` how ? '' 
 nadia asks . 
 beranabus speaks before i can . 
 `` let 's save the explanations for when we 're not surrounded by thousands of demons . '' 
 he stares at the writhing ranks of the kallin . 
 smiles . 
 then steps through the window of light . 
 i glance at the others , grinning proudly . 
 they 're smiling too now . 
 one last look at the kallin . 
 they 're screeching louder than ever , furious at us for escaping their trap . 
 laughing , i flip them the finger , then face the window of light and eagerly step forward after beranabus , figuring nowhere in the universe can be as bad as this place . 
 i know instantly that we 're in trouble . 
 beranabus is fighting a variety of demons , snake-like , but with arms and claws , heads of tigers , lions , vultures . 
 several are locked in battle with the elderly magician , ripping at him with talons and fangs , moving incredibly fast . 
 he 's striking back with bolts of lightning . 
 a couple of demons are lying in pieces around him . 
 but there are more to come . 
 in the distance , i spot another window and a demon leaving through it . 
 i 'm not certain , but i think it 's cadaver ! 
 in a rush of excitement i start towards the window , but then one of the other demons spots me . 
 shrieks like a bird of prey . 
 lashes backwards with its scaly tail , driving itself at me . 
 i freeze , losing my new-found confidence . 
 looking past the demon , i see the window come apart and i lose hope too . 
 cut off from my prey , isolated and terrified , i stand motionless and defenceless . 
 raz steps through the window behind me . 
 yells with surprise and fear , then pushes ahead of me and grabs the attacking demon by its arms . 
 sinks his teeth into its throat . 
 bites it open , then spits the slimy flesh out . 
 puts his teeth up close to the hole in the thrashing demon 's throat . 
 blows into it - but magic comes out of his mouth , not air . 
 enters through the gash . 
 the demon explodes . 
 raz tosses its remains aside and moves to deal with the next in line . 
 sharmila steps through , then nadia . 
 sharmila gasps , looks around in wild terror , then gains control and steps up beside raz . 
 a jackal-headed demon leaps on her . 
 she thrusts a hand at its stomach . 
 as soon as she touches it , flames burst from her fingers . 
 seconds later , the demon 's on fire , writhing in the dust . 
 nadia curses , starts forward , then looks back at me . 
 `` shut the window ! '' 
 `` but ... we have to go back ... we ca n't stay here ... there are - '' `` the barrier wo n't hold now that we 've moved on ! '' 
 she shouts . 
 `` if you do n't close it , the kallin will be able to follow us through ! '' 
 i hate turning my back on the fighting , but i ca n't ignore her warning . 
 i stare at the window of white light , not sure what to do . 
 so i try the first thing that comes into my head . 
 reach into the window , to rip it apart . 
 but my hands slide through the light and nothing happens . 
 i ca n't see anything through the window , but i imagine the kallin massing on the other side . 
 they could come slithering through at any second . 
 i should run , get away from here , flee for my ... i force myself to take a breath . 
 consider the problem . 
 it was easy to put the patches of light together , so it must be easy to take them apart . 
 but how ? 
 i begin to reach into the window again . 
 pause . 
 half close my eyes and study it carefully . 
 although it looks like a solid wall of light , if i squint , i can make out thin lines where the original patches join . 
 tiny cracks running through the window , almost invisible . 
 i run my index finger round one of the larger patches near the centre , thinking . 
 then , without trying to touch it , i slide my finger at the patch from the side , willing it to move . 
 the patch comes loose and glides away from my finger , becoming a pulsing strawberry colour . 
 after a few seconds it stops pulsing , hangs in the air a moment , then drifts away . 
 i work on freeing other patches . 
 after removing about a dozen , the window disintegrates . 
 the patches regain their original colours and slide away from one another in a slow , graceful explosion . 
 no time for pride . 
 i check what 's happening with the demons . 
 there are n't as many as on the needle of rock , but they 're larger and stronger , and there 's no time to construct a barrier to keep them at bay . 
 they 're all around beranabus and his disciples . 
 a few have caught hold of raz and dragged him to the ground . 
 he 's lashing out with his fists , trying to chew their throats open . 
 but they worry him like savage hounds . 
 one rips off most of his right leg and devours the flesh , howling with satisfaction . 
 a claw strikes his head and slices half his face away . 
 he tries to scream , but he no longer has a tongue . 
 i cry out with pity and terror , but there 's nothing i can do to help the fat black man who was so nice to me , who saved my life mere moments ago . 
 he 's stronger than me . 
 he knows how to fight demons . 
 a true being of magic . 
 if he ca n't handle these monsters , what hope do i have ? 
 my eyes dart from raz to the others . 
 more than a dozen demons are at war with beranabus . 
 five are focused on sharmila . 
 nadia is fending off several more , making the ground explode in front of them , hitting them with bolts of magic , roaring hatefully like i do when i fight . 
 two more barrel towards me , tails whipping from side to side , snarling , arms and claws extended . 
 driven by desperate instinct , i reach towards two patches of purple and orange light . 
 i clap my hands together , driving the patches hard at each other . 
 they smash together and create a blinding flash of purplish-orangey light . 
 the instinct which told me to try this also tells me to close my eyes - sharpish ! 
 when i look a few seconds later , the demons are down , screaming with pain and confusion , eyes melted in their sockets . 
 i 'm stunned by the power i 've unleashed . 
 confidence comes flooding back . 
 once again i 'm kernel fleck - defeater of the demonata ! 
 then one of the fallen demons scrapes the gooey mess clear of its empty sockets . 
 new globes grow , the demon using magic to construct a fresh pair of eyes . 
 i realise i 've only slowed the creatures down , not put them out of action forever . 
 different universe - different rules . 
 panic sets in again . 
 the disciples are doomed . 
 beranabus is finished . 
 cadaver set another trap for us and there 's no way out of this one . 
 my choice is simple - perish with the others or save myself . 
 i do n't think of anywhere specific . 
 i merely scream with all my inner senses - `` somewhere safe ! '' 
 when nothing happens , i add rapidly , `` earth ! 
 a city ! '' 
 patches of light pulse around me . 
 frantic , i push them together , forming a new window as quickly as i can . 
 i do n't look up or think about the demons which might be bearing down on me . 
 focus on the lights . 
 i 'm working quicker than i did on the needle , learning all the time , feeling power bubble through me . 
 then , out of the corner of my eye , i catch a glimpse of a demon lurching at me . 
 i flinch but do n't stop . 
 the demon rushes closer ... closer ... it 's one of the pair i blinded . 
 seething for revenge . 
 a few more seconds and it 'll be on me . 
 i should turn to deal with it , but my hands wo n't stop moving . 
 there 's nothing i can do . 
 then the demon 's knocked aside . 
 it grunts heavily , then screams . 
 i ca n't see what 's happening to it and i do n't look . 
 keep working on the window . 
 sweating heavily . 
 mouth dry . 
 weeping softly . 
 something steps up beside me . 
 i cry out , expecting the worst . 
 but it 's not a demon . 
 it 's nadia . 
 `` hurry ! '' 
 she hisses . 
 `` get us out of here ! '' 
 `` i 'm trying , '' i groan , hands a whir of motion . 
 nadia stands with her back against mine , protecting me . 
 i work faster , desperate to be out of here , somewhere real and normal , where demons ca n't get me . 
 the lights pulse together a few times , then turn red . 
 a window opens . 
 `` nadia ! '' 
 i shout . 
 `` good work . '' 
 she yells beranabus ' name , then sharmila 's . 
 i look around . 
 i ca n't see beranabus - he 's completely surrounded by demons . 
 sharmila 's losing her battle too - six of the monsters are on her and although a few are aflame , she ca n't fight them off . 
 she 's lost an arm at the elbow . 
 bleeding from deep wounds . 
 panting heavily , with the wild look of a horse caught in a thunderstorm . 
 raz is dead . 
 a pair of demons have torn his head off . 
 as i watch , they rip it in two then each retreats with half , dipping their foul jowls into his skull , scooping out his brains with their fangs and tongues . 
 i get sick again , though there is n't much to come up this time . 
 `` let 's go , '' nadia says , taking my right arm . 
 `` what about the others ? '' 
 i cry . 
 `` we ca n't help them . '' 
 `` but ... '' i stare at her . 
 although my plan was to flee by myself , now that she 's voiced it , i do n't want to . 
 i do n't care much about the aloof beranabus , but sharmila has been a true friend . 
 she tried to stop cadaver stealing art . 
 we should help her , free her , take her with us . 
 `` i 'm going , '' nadia snarls . 
 `` you do what you like . '' 
 and , releasing my hand , she ducks through the window , disappearing in an instant . 
 i hesitate , torn between escape and nobility . 
 then a demon catches sight of me and slithers across . 
 it has a vulture 's head . 
 there are bits of raz 's brains dripping from its beak . 
 a busy city street . 
 nadia 's lying on the pavement . 
 a woman and child are getting to their feet close by . 
 she must have knocked them over when she crossed into this world . 
 other people are staring at us and the window of red light , mouths open . 
 cars are slowing as they pass , drivers and passengers captivated by the spectacle . 
 `` close it ! '' 
 nadia yells . 
 i do n't need telling twice . 
 before the vulture-headed demon can follow us , i dismantle the window . 
 nadia 's on her feet . 
 as soon as the red light vanishes , she grabs me and runs . 
 we race through the crowd of startled bystanders . 
 nobody tries to stop us . 
 we turn a corner , race down another busy street . 
 nadia leads me across the road , weaving through traffic , wincing at the blaring horns but otherwise taking no notice of the cars . 
 another corner , then another . 
 finally , in a quiet alley , she stops , releases me , squats beside a wall , leans her head against it , stares up at the clear blue sky - and whoops . 
 `` we did it ! 
 you 're a genius , kernel ! 
 you got us out ! '' 
 she looks at me with happy tears in her eyes . 
 `` i do n't know how i 'll ever repay you . '' 
 i smile at nadia , then frown and look around nervously . 
 `` it 's all right , '' nadia , reassures me . 
 `` they ca n't track us . 
 we 're safe . 
 we 're alive ! '' 
 `` raz is n't , '' i note quietly . 
 nadia 's smile dims . 
 `` that was a shame . 
 i liked raz . '' 
 `` and what about beranabus and sharmila ? '' 
 i ask , guilt setting in . 
 `` we ran out . 
 left them to the demons . 
 we should go back and - '' `` no ! '' 
 nadia snaps . 
 `` no going back . '' 
 her eyes glitter . 
 i take a step backwards - she looks like she 's going to attack . 
 she notices my fear and relaxes . 
 `` do n't worry . 
 i wo n't hurt you . 
 but we 're not going back . 
 we could n't do any good if we did . '' 
 `` but ... the others ? '' 
 she shrugs . 
 `` beranabus will probably survive . 
 he 's come through worse . 
 he 'll wriggle free somehow . 
 as for sharmila ... '' she sighs . 
 `` maybe beranabus will save her . 
 maybe not . '' 
 she stands and looks at the sky . 
 lightly runs a finger across her cheeks , caressing the spots and acne scars . 
 `` it 's warm . 
 must be late spring or summer . 
 maybe it 's june . 
 that 's my favourite month . 
 it 's when i was born and when beranabus took me . 
 i was out walking , a perfect june day , dreaming about my birthday , presents and the future . 
 looking forward to growing up . 
 i was a plain child , dowdy . 
 but my father said i was an ugly duckling , that i 'd turn into a beautiful , glamorous swan one day . 
 `` i was thinking about that - longing for it - when beranabus spirited me away . 
 dropped me into the universe of the demonata . 
 explained how important i was , all the lives i could save , the good i could do . 
 offered me no choice . 
 robbed me of my dreams of a happy future . '' 
 nadia 's expression darkens . 
 `` he should n't have taken me so young . 
 i had n't seen enough of the world . 
 if he 'd come when i was older , i 'd have joined him gladly . 
 but taking me like he did ... stealing me like that demon stole your brother ... it was wrong . 
 do n't you agree , kernel ? '' 
 i stare at her uncertainly . 
 now that she 's mentioned art , it drives home the fact that i did n't just run out on beranabus and sharmila . 
 i deserted my brother too . 
 left him in that nightmarish universe . 
 alone in the hands of cadaver . 
 `` we have to go back , '' i say softly . 
 nadia does n't hear - or pretends she does n't . 
 `` i wonder where we are ? '' 
 she says brightly . 
 `` london ? 
 new york ? 
 paris ? 
 vienna ? 
 the world 's changed so much since i left , i suppose i would n't recognise the cities i visited when i was younger . 
 but there must be parts which are the same . 
 i hope this is - '' `` nadia , '' i interrupt . 
 `` we have to go back . 
 find them . 
 help them if they 're still fighting , link up with them if they 've escaped . '' 
 `` and if they 're dead ? '' 
 she answers , not looking at me . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 search for art by ourselves , i guess . '' 
 she laughs . 
 `` you 're brave but stupid , kernel . 
 you would n't last five minutes in that universe without beranabus . 
 you 're good at opening windows but not at fighting . 
 what would you do if you caught up with cadaver ? 
 he 'd rip you to shreds without breaking a sweat . '' 
 `` but ... art ... i have to - '' `` your brother 's dead , '' nadia growls . 
 `` cadaver probably killed him on that first world and fed his body to one of the trees . '' 
 `` no , '' i moan . 
 `` he 's alive . 
 i sense it . '' 
 `` you want to sense it , '' she corrects me . 
 `` you want him to be alive , so you 've convinced yourself he is . 
 but think about it . 
 why would n't cadaver kill him ? 
 he was on the run . 
 he would n't have time to play nursemaid to a squalling baby . '' 
 a kid on a skateboard turns into the alley and whizzes past us . 
 nadia stares at the skateboard , head cocked , probably in much the same way that i stared when i first saw a demon . 
 `` i 've missed so much , '' she mutters . 
 `` the world 's moved on while i 've been fighting . 
 so many places to see . 
 so many things to do . 
 is it true you can fly anywhere now , in aeroplanes ? '' 
 `` nadia , '' i try again , `` beranabus needs us . 
 we ca n't abandon him . '' 
 `` why not ? '' 
 she retorts . 
 `` you 've only known him five minutes . 
 he treated you like a slave , the way he treats everyone . 
 what do you owe him ? 
 why throw your life away on his account ? '' 
 `` i need him to help get art back . 
 i ca n't - '' `` stop talking about your brother like he 's alive ! '' 
 nadia shouts . 
 `` let him go . 
 admit he 's dead . 
 move on . 
 you can go home - i 'll help find your parents . 
 forget about the demonata . 
 pretend it was a bad dream . 
 that 's what i 'm going to do . '' 
 `` i ca n't , '' i say stubbornly . 
 `` art 's alive and i 'm going to find him . '' 
 `` you 'll go back ? '' 
 she asks mockingly . 
 `` face the demons ? 
 die like raz ? 
 you did n't know what you were stepping into when you followed us through the first window . 
 now you 're better informed . 
 do you really have the courage to cross universes freely ? '' 
 `` i have to , '' i mutter . 
 `` for art . '' 
 `` i do n't think so , '' nadia says coldly . 
 `` you ran . 
 the time to fight has passed . 
 you feel guilty because you did n't stand by beranabus and you want to put things right . 
 but if you think it through , you 'll see that 's madness . 
 you do n't want to go back . 
 and you wo n't . 
 you 'll stay in this universe , where you 're safe . 
 like me . '' 
 i stare at the ground , tears creeping down my cheeks . 
 everything she says is true . 
 i am afraid . 
 i do n't want to go back . 
 i 'm a coward . 
 but despite all my weaknesses , i have to return . 
 because i love art more than i fear demons . 
 `` come with me , '' nadia says , taking my hands . 
 she 's smiling , looking prettier than normal , hair shining in the sun . 
 `` i 'll take you back to your parents if you want or you can stay with me . 
 i 'll be a sister to you . 
 we can travel the world together . 
 i 'll use my gift to make money . 
 we 'll stay in the best hotels , sail the seas on mighty liners , fly through the sky on aeroplanes . 
 anything you want , i 'll give you . 
 it will be a precious life . 
 no worries , no fears , no demons . '' 
 i shake my head slowly . 
 `` i ca n't , '' i croak . 
 `` art 's my brother . 
 i ca n't abandon him . '' 
 nadia scowls and releases my hands . 
 `` have it your own way , fool ! 
 but when you 're dying beneath some hideous demon , watching it reel your guts out like a cat playing with a ball of string , remember what i offered you . '' 
 she turns on her heel and marches away . 
 `` nadia ! '' 
 i cry . 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 `` there , '' she says , waving a hand at the world in general . 
 `` do n't leave me , '' i wail . 
 `` i do n't know where we are . 
 you have to help me find beranabus . 
 you can go after that , but ... '' she turns a corner and storms out of sight , leaving me in the alley . 
 alone . 
 i 'm sitting on the dusty ground . 
 hands on my knees . 
 head on my hands . 
 crying . 
 it 's been maybe an hour since nadia left . 
 i kept thinking she 'd come back , that she 'd decide she could n't desert me . 
 but there 's been no sign of her . 
 and the more i think about what she said , and her face when she said it , the less chance i think there is of her returning . 
 nadia hated her life with beranabus . 
 she went along with him because she had no other choice . 
 but then i gave her a way out and she leapt at it . 
 eventually , when the tears stop , i get to my feet and look around . 
 i feel hungry now that i 'm back in my own world , but there 's no time to eat . 
 i have to find beranabus - if he 's still alive . 
 there are dozens of patches of light hanging in the air around me , but none are pulsing . 
 i wipe my cheeks clean , then focus . 
 `` beranabus , '' i mutter , thinking about his face , his shabby suit , the flower in the buttonhole , his clean hands . 
 i repeat his name , over and over , waiting for the lights to pulse . 
 nothing happens . 
 the lights maintain their steady glow . 
 i go cold - maybe that means he 's dead ! 
 `` art , '' i say quickly , fixing my brother 's features in my mind . 
 i concentrate on his name and face , but the lights do n't change . 
 my stomach 's tight with fear . 
 are they both dead , slaughtered by demons ? 
 they must be . 
 otherwise , why would n't the lights pulse and lead me to them ? 
 i have another thought , just before panic sets in completely . 
 i visualise cadaver 's horrible features and say the demon 's name , time and time again . 
 nothing . 
 the fear drains out of me as i realise the lights work differently here . 
 they do n't pulse when i think of a person or place . 
 the magician and my brother might still be alive . 
 relief floods through me - then drains almost immediately . 
 because if the lights do n't work the same way here , how will i find beranabus or art , or open a window to the universe of the demonata ? 
 wandering the streets of the city . 
 it 's been a long time since i was in a place this crowded and noisy . 
 i missed city life when i was living in paskinston . 
 i remembered only the good things - cinema , swimming pools , parks , school . 
 i forgot about the traffic , the towering buildings that cut out the sunlight , the isolation . 
 i was always with mum or dad when i lived in the city , or with a teacher or babysitter . 
 but one day , on a school trip to a museum , i got lost . 
 it was an hour before i was found . 
 i remember now what that felt like , how scary it was , how i believed i 'd be lost forever . 
 i was sure i 'd have to sleep on a park bench or underneath a bridge like a homeless person . 
 it was terrifying . 
 this is scarier . 
 at least then i knew what city i was in , but this could be anywhere . 
 none of the street names or buildings is familiar . 
 i think about asking an adult where i am , but i do n't want to appear out of place . 
 if i go up to a stranger and they learn that i 'm lost , that i do n't even know what city i 'm in , they 'll take me to the police . 
 and while part of me would love that - the police would arrange for me to be sent home - i ca n't go down that route . 
 if the police take me into custody , i wo n't be free to search for art . 
 i have n't given up on my brother . 
 the lights might not work the same way as in that other universe , but i can still see them . 
 there must be a way for me to start the patches pulsing . 
 i just have to figure it out . 
 while i 'm puzzling over the problem , i continue walking . 
 i listen carefully to people talking . 
 most speak the same language as me , but the accents are n't familiar . 
 i wish again that i could ask where i am , but it is n't possible . 
 i 'm growing hungrier with every step . 
 i 've drunk plenty of water from drinking fountains , but i 've had nothing to eat . 
 i pass a stall selling hot dogs and pretzels . 
 i root through my pockets , but i do n't have any money . 
 i think about trying to steal a pretzel , but if the owner catches me it could mean big trouble . 
 stomach growling , tears tickling the corners of my eyes , i walk on . 
 my watch is working again . 
 i 've been here at least two hours , wandering without direction . 
 the sun is starting to set . 
 it will be night soon . 
 where will i sleep ? 
 time to sit and think this through . 
 i find a bench in a small park . 
 i 'm shivering . 
 though it 's not especially cold , i 'm only wearing a t-shirt , no jumper . 
 there are n't many people in the park . 
 one woman who passes looks at me closely . 
 i think she 's going to stop and ask if i 'm ok . 
 i 'm not sure what to say if she does . 
 i was never a good liar . 
 but then she carries on , deciding i 'm not her business . 
 i try to lay all my problems out nice and simply , so i can think them through one at a time . 
 my main priority is getting back to the demonata 's universe . 
 but that will have to wait . 
 things i have to settle first - where am i ? 
 where will i sleep tonight ? 
 how will i find food ? 
 take them one at a time . 
 location . 
 i ca n't find out by asking passers-by but there must be alternatives . 
 a library , perhaps , except i do n't know where to find one . 
 but now that i set my mind to it calmly , i see there are other ways . 
 i can look in a telephone book in a phone box . 
 or go into a newsagent 's and read the titles of the local papers . 
 i manage a small chuckle when i realise how simple it is to place myself . 
 that gives me confidence and i turn to the other problems more positively . 
 i can dig through rubbish bins for food . 
 not very nice , but i 'm sure i 'll scavenge enough to keep myself from starving . 
 finding somewhere to sleep is harder . 
 hide in a library or museum ? 
 or maybe in a shop that sells furniture ? 
 keep low while they 're closing , then come out when it 's deserted , sleep on a couch or bed . 
 not a bad plan , except all the shops have already closed . 
 i might be able to do it tomorrow , but it wo n't work now . 
 maybe i 'll have to sleep in the open tonight , over a street grille or on a park bench . 
 collect newspapers to wrap round myself . 
 hope i 'm not discovered by a policeman . 
 look for somewhere better in the morning . 
 as i 'm thinking that over , i catch sight of a pulsing light out of the corner of my left eye . 
 my head jerks towards it . 
 this is n't the first time it 's happened . 
 i 've been reacting to every flashing light in shops or on street corners , hopes rising , thinking for a second that they 're one of the magical pulsing patches . 
 i scowl at myself , feeling stupid for falling for the same trick for the hundredth time . 
 i start to look away , telling myself to behave more sensibly next time , when it strikes me - there 's no shop or street corner where the flash came from . 
 i look left again , but slowly , not letting myself get excited . 
 it 's probably somebody on a bicycle , or a bird with a strip of foil in its beak , or ... but it is n't . 
 it 's a yellow patch of triangular light , drifting through the park , attached to nothing . 
 i 'm on my feet immediately , thoughts of food and shelter forgotten , hurrying after the light . 
 i catch up to it , reach for it like a baby reaching for its dummy , then stop . 
 there 's no point interfering with it , since there are no other pulsing patches for me to add it to . 
 better to follow , see where it leads and hope that luck is with me . 
 the light passes through the bars at the rear of the park . 
 i clamber over them , almost spearing myself on the spikes at the top , ripping the back of my t-shirt . 
 i start to follow it across the road behind the park , but the driver of an approaching car blows his horn , warning me back . 
 i wait impatiently for him to pass , then hurry after the light . 
 luckily , it 's not moving very fast , so i soon catch up . 
 i walk along beside the patch until it passes through the wall of a building . 
 i stare at the wall for a moment , lost , then look backwards , judging the path of the light . 
 it 's come at an angled line from the park . 
 if it continues in that direction , it should come out again at some point to my right on the other side of the building . 
 i race round the building to the back . 
 advance to the point where i think the light will emerge , then stand , clenching my hands into fists , waiting , counting the seconds off inside my head . 
 five ... eight ... ten ... fifteen ... twenty-one ... the light reappears on the count of twenty-three , further to my right than i 'd calculated . 
 grinning , i jog over , catch up with it , walk with it to the wall of another building , then quickly make my way to the rear , to wait for it again . 
 i eventually lose the light at a collection of warehouses . 
 there 's no way for me to get to the rear before the light re-emerges . 
 but that 's not a worry . 
 because i 've spotted other lights , floating through the air from different directions , all angling towards the same spot several hundred yards ahead of me . 
 i ca n't see where they meet because of the buildings , but i have a good sense of where it is , so i weave through the streets . 
 there 's no need to bother with the lights anymore , just head for the point of intersection . 
 ten minutes later i round a corner and see a handful of lights penetrating the walls and roof of a large building in the middle of a row of restaurants , pubs and shops . 
 there are people in front of the building , waiting to get in . 
 as i edge closer i see that they 're mostly teenagers dressed in leather jackets , ripped jeans , fishnet stockings . 
 many have spiky , coloured hair and chains dangling from their ears , noses and lips . 
 they look quite frightening . 
 not as frightening as demons , but pretty scary as humans go . 
 i hear music coming from inside the building and realise this is a concert . 
 it 's harsh , ugly music , loud and unpleasant , very fast . 
 it sets my ears ringing , even from this far outside . 
 i stop close to the crowd . 
 there are a couple of men at the front door , dressed differently . 
 they 're the ones in charge , taking money from the people who want to go to the concert , letting in a few at a time . 
 as i watch , the doormen turn away a girl and three boys . 
 a row develops . 
 i hear the girl shouting that they 're over eighteen . 
 one of the doormen laughs and tells them to produce id or leave . 
 this is n't going to be easy . 
 if they wo n't let those four in , they certainly wo n't let in someone like me . 
 i 'll have to try a bluff , say that my dad - maybe an older brother would be better - is in there . 
 it probably wo n't work , but i 've got to give it a go . 
 i listen to the teenagers chatting about the concert , gathering as much info as i can . 
 they call it a punk concert . 
 there are several bands on the bill . 
 names like the clamps , thunderballs , the damnable . 
 when i 'm ready , i walk boldly to the front of the line and smile at the doormen . 
 `` excuse me , '' i say politely . 
 `` is this where the clamps are playing ? '' 
 the doormen squint at me . 
 one grunts , `` yeah . 
 but it 's over-eighteens . '' 
 `` i know , '' i reply . 
 `` but my brother 's in there . 
 i need to find him . 
 mum and dad have gone out for the night . 
 he was supposed to leave the key to the back door for me , but he must have taken it with him . 
 i ca n't get in without it . 
 can i pop in and get the key off him ? 
 i 'd leave again immediately . '' 
 the doormen look at each other , then one of them says , `` what 's his name ? '' 
 i 'm about to say art , but that 's not a common name . 
 so i say `` john '' instead . 
 `` john what ? '' 
 the doorman asks . 
 again , fleck is n't common , so i say the first name that comes to me . 
 `` smith . '' 
 `` john smith . '' 
 the doormen laugh . 
 `` you 've got to admire his nerve , '' one of them says . 
 `` yeah , but not enough to let him in , '' the other chuckles , then jerks his thumb at me . 
 `` nice try . 
 now clear off . '' 
 `` you do n't understand , '' i gasp . 
 `` i ca n't get in without the key . 
 i have to - '' `` i can look for him if he really exists , '' the first doorman cuts in . 
 `` but if i go in there and call for a john smith and do n't find one - or find a few who are n't your brother - i 'm going to be very angry . 
 so have a good long think about it , then tell me - do i stay or do i go ? '' 
 `` you do n't have to do that . 
 i 'll look for him . 
 he 's a bit ... he 's slightly deaf . 
 he would n't hear you calling . 
 i need to go in myself , to look for ... '' the doorman takes a step forward , crouches and in a low , foul curse tells me to go away . 
 then he returns to his post and waves forward the next few punks in line . 
 i 've blown it . 
 defeated , i slink away , ignoring the catcalls of the punks , and find a quiet spot where i can think up my next approach . 
 more lights are floating into the building , faster now . 
 i could wait until the concert 's over , then break in , but i do n't think i have much time . 
 so i go looking for another entrance , figuring there must be a fire door at the rear . 
 a narrow , dirty alley runs behind the shops and pubs . 
 rubbish bags all over the place , empty cardboard boxes , bottles and cans . 
 dried blood , vomit and dog crap . 
 i wade through the mess , trying to find the building where the concert 's taking place . 
 the noise guides me and a minute later , i 'm standing outside a pair of large doors , which are rattling from the vibrations of the music . 
 i try opening the doors , but they 're locked from the other side . 
 i push and pull , kick and punch , to no effect . 
 i look for windows to sneak through , but there are only a couple and they 're both bricked over . 
 back to the doors . 
 they ca n't remain shut all night . 
 people will have to come through eventually . 
 i 'm sure they 'll be opened at the end of the concert , but that might be too late - the lights may have stopped by then . 
 i just have to hope that someone comes through before that , for fresh air or to be sick . 
 there are a few rubbish bins to the right of the doors . 
 i crouch behind them and wait , planning on sneaking in if the doors open . 
 not a great plan , but in the absence of anything better , it 's my only hope . 
 ten minutes pass . 
 fifteen . 
 twenty . 
 thirty . 
 i 'm truly cold now . 
 i do n't think the sun has ever shone directly on this horrible hole of an alley . 
 my nose is running . 
 i wipe the back of my hand across it , but that does n't do much good . 
 the lights are moving very quickly , in greater numbers , powering through the walls and roof . 
 i think a window is going to open soon . 
 maybe there 's a witch like mrs. egin inside , or perhaps the music is summoning the demons - this is the sort of din i imagine the demonata would love . 
 maybe some of them are coming to check out the concert . 
 i grin as i picture cadaver and the vulture-headed demon slipping through a window between the two universes to dance with the punks . 
 as i 'm grinning , the doors open and two men step out into the alley , a wave of metallic music bursting through with them . 
 i 'm immediately alert , praying for them to turn left so i can duck in without them seeing . 
 but they stand where they are , looking around . 
 one is a punk , with jeans , a leather jacket , no t-shirt , a thin black scarf knotted around his throat , spiky purple hair , a ring through his nose . 
 scrawny . 
 not much older than me . 
 the other is wearing an army-type uniform , boots and a beret . 
 a bit older than the punk and much bigger . 
 there are letters tattooed on his knuckles , but i ca n't read them from here . 
 `` this will be our getaway route if we have to run , '' the man in the army clothes says , letting the doors half close , cutting out the worst of the noise . 
 `` we 'll split up if we 're chased . 
 you go left . 
 i 'll take the right . 
 meet again at the hotel . '' 
 `` can we outrun it ? '' 
 the punk asks . 
 `` depends on what it is . 
 some are slow , some fast . 
 if we ca n't stop it crossing , we 'll try to fight , but if it 's too strong , we 'll have to run like hell . '' 
 `` i do n't like running , '' the punk says . 
 `` me neither , '' the army guy grunts , `` but sometimes it 's the only option . 
 these demons are fierce mothers . 
 we can whup some of them , but others ... '' at the mention of demons , a shudder of relief churns through me . 
 in a rush , i scuttle out from behind the rubbish bins . 
 the army guy takes a step back , fists coming up protectively . 
 the punk puts out a hand to calm him . 
 `` relax . 
 it 's only a kid . '' 
 the army guy scowls . 
 `` what are you doing here ? 
 trying to sneak in to the concert without paying ? 
 it wo n't work . 
 scram , you no-good - '' `` excuse me , '' i interrupt , `` but are you ... this might sound crazy ... but i heard you talking about demons and i - '' `` you heard nothing ! '' 
 the army guy shouts . 
 `` now beat it , quick , before i - '' `` wait a minute , '' the punk says , squinting at me with pale blue eyes . 
 he nods for me to continue . 
 `` well ... like i said ... i heard you talking and ... well ... are you two guys ... by any chance ... i mean ... are you disciples ? '' 
 the pair stare at me dumbly . 
 then the army guy looks round , picks up a piece of metal , lets the doors swing almost fully closed , sticks the metal between them to keep them ajar . 
 strides over , the punk a couple of paces behind him . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 he growls . 
 `` my name 's kernel fleck . 
 i was with beranabus . 
 i want to get back to him . 
 i. . . 
 do you know who i mean ? 
 are you ... ? '' 
 dervish starts to question me , to find out why i 'm here , how i know beranabus . 
 but shark cuts in . 
 `` the attack could come at any minute . 
 we need to prepare for it . '' 
 he pulls the doors open and gestures me inside . 
 it 's dark and incredibly noisy . 
 the room 's quite large , but packed with punks . 
 mostly guys , dervish 's age or a bit older . 
 a band is playing on a small stage to our right . 
 thrashing away at their guitars and drum kit as though the world is about to end and they 're determined to finish their song before it does . 
 the singer screams into his microphone , mostly swear words , sticking his middle fingers up at the crowd and bellowing at them . 
 the punks love it . 
 they 're dancing like crazy , leaping up and down or holding on to each other and spinning wildly . 
 some are fighting , but it 's good natured . 
 they 're drawing blood , but they do n't care - that just adds colour . 
 there are more studs , piercings and tattoos than i 've ever seen . 
 that reminds me of shark 's knuckles and i look down at his hands . 
 his name is tattooed on both sets , a letter per finger , with a black and white shark 's head filling the flesh between both thumbs and index fingers , jaws wide , teeth glistening . 
 `` it sounds like a dentist 's drill , '' shark yells at dervish , scowling at the noise . 
 `` you really like this crap ? '' 
 `` it 's the new wave , '' dervish grins . 
 `` the music of change . 
 an-ar-cheeeeeee ! '' 
 he punches the air with his fist . 
 `` grow up , '' shark snorts , then looks down at me . 
 `` you like this ? '' 
 `` i 've never heard anything like it , '' i tell him . 
 `` it 's giving me a headache . '' 
 shark laughs . 
 `` the kid 's got more sense than you , grady . '' 
 the song ends and the band takes a short break so that one of the guitarists can replace the guitar which he 's just broken . 
 dervish uses the lull to fill me in . 
 `` somebody 's summoning a demon . 
 we 've been trying to stop him for the last couple of weeks . 
 we do n't know who the summoner is , but we know the crossing 's going to happen here , tonight . 
 if we ca n't stop it , we plan to kill the demon or push it back . '' 
 `` we wo n't be able to kill it , '' shark says . 
 `` we 're not strong enough to destroy a demon . 
 in the demonata 's universe , maybe - but driving it back is the best we can hope for here . '' 
 `` have you done this a lot ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` i have . 
 this is grady 's first taste of action . '' 
 he punches dervish 's arm . 
 `` i 'm not sure he 's up to it . '' 
 `` do n't worry about me , '' dervish growls . 
 `` i 'll do what i have to . '' 
 `` i know you will , '' shark chuckles . 
 `` now , let 's try and find the demon-loving scumbag , though i guess we wo n't know who it is until - '' `` he 's over there , '' i interrupt , pointing at a middle-aged man near the stage . 
 he 's dressed like a punk , but does n't really fit the part . 
 lean and muscular , with a thick mohican haircut . 
 his lips are moving steadily . 
 he 's the focus for the patches of light . 
 they 're pulsing round him in an almost fully formed window . 
 `` how do you know ? '' 
 shark asks suspiciously . 
 `` never mind . 
 that 's him . 
 he 's almost done . 
 another few minutes and the window will open . '' 
 shark curses , then starts towards the man with the mohican . 
 dervish pushes after shark , and i head after dervish . 
 as we 're nudging through the crowd , the band howls into a new , faster song and the place goes wild . 
 suddenly , punks are leaping all around me , bashing into one another , falling over , kicking and punching everyone in sight . 
 i 'm knocked to the floor . 
 someone stamps on my right hand . 
 i yell with pain . 
 try to get up , but i 'm knocked down again . 
 struggling , panting , afraid i 'm going to be crushed to death by a sea of punks . 
 then shark is beside me , lashing out with his fists , pounding the punks away . 
 dervish picks me up and gives me a fireman 's lift . 
 he 's stronger than he looks . 
 `` hold on tight , '' he says , and we push forward again , shark clearing a path . 
 i hit out at a few of the punks , taking advantage of my position , trying to smash a few noses in revenge . 
 then i remember i 've a more important mission and turn my attention to the stage . 
 i have a better view of the demon summoner from here . 
 i see him start to tremble . 
 he froths at the mouth . 
 the lights in the window pulse at the same time . 
 `` too late ! '' 
 i shout . 
 `` it 's going to open . '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 shark roars , shouldering an especially large punk out of his way . 
 `` we can make it ! 
 i 'm not going to - '' an explosion . 
 part of the stage erupts , showering the people closest to it with splinters and nails . 
 agonised screams . 
 one of the guitarists falls to his knees , face a pulped , bloody mess . 
 the singer does n't stop . 
 he 's so caught up in his song , he does n't hear anything except his own voice . 
 there 's a violet coloured window of light next to the mohican man . 
 he 's standing by it proudly , unharmed . 
 he smiles at the chaos . 
 puts a couple of fingers between his lips and whistles shrilly . 
 a demon bounds through the window . 
 the body of a large chicken . 
 three pig-like heads . 
 it looks ridiculous , almost laughable , until it opens a mouth and spits at a nearby punk . 
 the spit hits him squarely in the face , then bubbles and burns his flesh away . 
 he falls , trying to scream , but unable to . 
 dervish called for anarchy a few minutes ago - now he gets it . 
 the room was wild with dancing , writhing and fighting before this , but when the punks see the demon in action they go completely mental . 
 panic sweeps the crowd . 
 shrieking , they surge for the exit doors . 
 the man with the mohican laughs and steps up next to the demon . 
 `` now we 'll see who has power ! '' 
 he shouts over the chaotic screams . 
 `` all these years of having to lick somebody else 's boots and bow down . 
 no more ! 
 now you 'll learn to fear me . 
 this is my world now . 
 all of you - '' he gets no further . 
 the demon , displaying no sense of gratitude , spits at the man . 
 he 's flung backwards , the acidic spit already setting to work on his face , dissolving his flesh and cartilage , eating through to sizzle his brain . 
 who said there was no justice in the world ? 
 we 're pushed back and hammered down by the rioting crowd . 
 shark yells with rage and surprise . 
 he tries fighting them off , but he is n't powerful enough to stand against the tide of panicked punks . 
 i go down again and feel the room close around me . 
 this time i 'm certain i 'll be crushed . 
 but dervish keeps his cool . 
 there 's magic in the air - i can feel it seeping through the window . 
 he draws on it , barks a few words and suddenly the space around us is clear , punks wedged aside by an invisible force . 
 the three of us are alone , protected by a bubble of magic energy , like the one nadia and the others fashioned on top of the needle of rock . 
 `` shark ! '' 
 dervish yells , nodding at the demon , which has spat at a third punk and is now bent over the remains of the man with the mohican . 
 it 's slurping up the spit , along with the gooey mush which is all that 's left of the man 's skull and brains . 
 `` on it , '' shark grunts , stepping forward . 
 he taps into the magic , tenses , then leaps through the air , landing beside the demon . 
 before it can react , he grabs one of its heads and twists savagely left , then right , ripping it loose . 
 the demon screeches and spits at shark with both remaining mouths . 
 shark ducks out of the way of one of the spitballs and deflects the other with a wave of a magically charged hand . 
 he throws the severed head - still moving - through the window , then grabs for another . 
 this time the demon dodges the tattooed fingers and takes flight , making a noise which is a weird cross between a pig 's squeal and a chicken 's cluck . 
 the demon 's heading for one of the windows at the front of the building . 
 before it gets there and breaks through to kill the punks who 've spilled out on to the street past the bewildered doormen , dervish mutters a quick spell . 
 the glass turns to steel . 
 the demon does n't see this . 
 it leaps , cackling , only to slam hard into the metal and flop to the floor . 
 dervish uses magic to clear a path between us and the demon . 
 he darts forward while the demon 's shaking its heads with confusion . 
 gets between the monster and the front door . 
 `` are you sure we ca n't kill it ? '' 
 he shouts at shark . 
 `` yes ! '' 
 shark bellows . 
 `` then let 's force it back through the window . '' 
 he sneaks a look at me . 
 `` kernel , can you budge over , block its path to the rear doors ? '' 
 `` i 'm not sure , '' i mutter . 
 `` i 'm not good at fighting ... '' `` you wo n't have to fight , '' dervish assures me . 
 `` just look like you know what you 're doing , like you 're the meanest piece of scum in the room . 
 scowl . 
 growl . 
 howl . 
 if it goes for you , i 'll step in . '' 
 i trust dervish , even though i barely know him . 
 he 's younger than shark , but speaks like he 's older . 
 so with only the slightest hesitation , i do what he asks and edge my way left , along the path which dervish is creating . 
 i take up a position halfway between him and shark , spread my arms , glare at the demon and act as if i 'm far more powerful and confident than i feel . 
 the demon 's on its feet . 
 blood oozes from the neck where its third head was removed . 
 bile dribbles from its remaining mouths , sizzling where it hits the floor , burning through the old wooden floorboards . 
 it sends a ball of spit zooming at dervish , but he waves a hand at it and the ball explodes . 
 he chants a spell and several bricks snap loose from the wall and fly at the demon , striking its body and heads . 
 the demon bats the bricks away , then looks from dervish to shark to me . 
 it 's searching for a weak point . 
 its gaze lingers on me , since i 'm the smallest . 
 i want to run for cover like the punks , but i do n't give in to fear . 
 instead , i step forward , sneering at the demon , inviting an attack . 
 the bluff works . 
 with a petulant cry , the demon darts towards the window of violet light , past the singer who 's still roaring into his microphone , eyes shut , no idea of what 's going on . 
 shark curses , as though he left the route to the window open by accident . 
 he lunges at the demon . 
 the beast picks up speed , makes it to the window , then leaps to safety , laughing hysterically at shark , thinking it got the better of him . 
 `` what a team ! '' 
 shark hoots , standing to the left of the window , on his guard in case the demon returns . 
 `` did you see that baby run ? 
 we kicked its ass royally ! '' 
 `` what a buzz , '' dervish murmurs , closing in on the window , pausing to melt the walls around the front and rear doors , allowing more of the punks to exit - easier than trying to restore order . 
 `` i 've never felt so powerful . 
 never knew i could do so much . 
 the magic in the air ... the way i tapped into it ... unbelievable ! '' 
 `` you 've got the taste for this now , '' shark chuckles . 
 `` you were nervous earlier . 
 that 's understandable . 
 we all get the jitters the first time . 
 but you 've caught the bug . 
 it 's demon-fighting all the way for you now , right ? '' 
 `` maybe , '' dervish says , smiling crookedly , looking at his hands with a mix of pride and wonder . 
 `` i did most of it without thinking . 
 it was like there was somebody else inside me , pulling the strings . '' 
 `` the steel windows were a good idea , '' shark commends him . 
 `` you 're more imaginative than me . 
 i 'd have tried to drag the demon back . '' 
 `` how long will the window to the other universe remain open ? '' 
 dervish asks . 
 `` maybe a few minutes , '' shark says . 
 `` we 'll stick by it until it closes , to be safe , then get out of here quick . 
 try explaining to a policeman that you 're part of the great war against demons - see where it gets you ! '' 
 dervish examines the window with innocent curiosity . 
 he pokes his fingers into the light , yelps when they disappear , clutches his hand back and wriggles his fingers , relieved to see them still in place . 
 shark laughs . 
 `` i did that the first time too . '' 
 `` have you ever stepped through ? '' 
 dervish asks . 
 `` once . 
 came back right away - did n't want to get stuck over there . '' 
 `` what did you see ? '' 
 `` a world like ours , only - '' `` i have to go , '' i cut in . 
 they 'd forgotten about me . 
 now they stare . 
 `` beranabus . 
 i 've got to get back to him . 
 remember ? '' 
 `` you want to step through the window ? '' 
 shark frowns . 
 `` no . 
 but i have to . 
 i can find him when i 'm in the demon universe . '' 
 `` what if the monster 's waiting for you on the other side ? '' 
 dervish says . 
 i shrug unhappily . 
 `` i do n't have a choice . 
 i ca n't find beranabus here . '' 
 `` wo n't he come for you ? '' 
 shark asks . 
 `` maybe . 
 but i 'm not sure he can find me as easily as i can find him . 
 i have to go , '' i say , urgently this time , aware that the window might close while we 're arguing . 
 `` a demon stole my brother . 
 i have to rescue him . '' 
 i take a step towards the window . 
 shark puts out a large tattooed hand and stops me . 
 `` there 's no way i 'm going to let a kid walk through that alone , '' he growls . 
 as my face crumples , he smiles . 
 `` so i 'd better tag along , make sure you do n't come to any harm . 
 dervish ? '' 
 he raises a questioning eyebrow . 
 dervish studies the window again . 
 licks his lips nervously . 
 then nods quickly . 
 `` yeah . 
 what the hell . 
 there 's never much to do here on a saturday anyway . '' 
 my eyes fill with happy tears . 
 `` thank you , '' i mumble . 
 i come out on top of a fluffy cloud . 
 through a break to my left i see land far below . 
 my stomach drops as i picture myself falling through the mist , then the sky , hitting the ground hard and splattering . 
 but the cloud holds , supporting me like the water in the first world i visited . 
 shark steps through after me , dervish just behind him . 
 they yell with shock when they see what we 're standing on . 
 turn to dive back through the window . 
 `` it 's ok ! '' 
 i shout . 
 `` we wo n't fall . '' 
 they pause , glance at me uncertainly , then realise i 'm telling the truth - otherwise we 'd have already dropped . 
 the now two-headed demon is on another bank of cloud ahead of us . 
 when it spots us , it squeals with fear and bounds away . 
 shark starts after it , but dervish calls him back . 
 `` we 're here to find beranabus , not kill a stray demon . '' 
 shark pulls a face , loath to let the demon escape . 
 then he sighs . 
 `` ok , kid . 
 tell us how you plan to find him . '' 
 `` i 'll open a window , '' i say , as the one we stepped through comes apart . 
 `` just give me a few minutes to find the patches . '' '' 
 ` patches ' ? '' 
 dervish echoes , but i do n't answer . 
 looking around , i 'm pleased to note that there are loads of patches of light in the air , despite the fact that we 're standing on top of a cloud . 
 i start thinking about beranabus , muttering his name softly , hoping he 's still alive and that i have the power to make the lights pulse . 
 for a few seconds - nothing . 
 but before panic has a chance to set in , a pink square by my left foot blinks . 
 then a brown octagon . 
 soon , dozens of the patches are pulsing and i merrily set to work . 
 i 'm aware of dervish and shark talking while i build the window . 
 dervish is complaining about the cold . 
 his leather jacket is too small to button up properly - it 's for style , not warmth - and his bare chest is freezing in these icy heights . 
 `` use magic , '' i tell him , recalling the way i instinctively repaired my broken arm . 
 `` you can warm up if you think yourself warm . '' 
 dervish is sceptical , but gives it a go , and moments later he 's beaming , even taking his jacket off and tying it around his waist . 
 `` you must have been here a long time to know so much , '' shark says . 
 `` actually , i do n't think it 's been more than half a day , '' i reply . 
 `` though it feels longer . 
 i 'll tell you about it later , if we have time . '' 
 the window comes together smoothly under my guidance . 
 i do n't hurry . 
 pleased to note i 'm no longer hungry or tired . 
 marvelling at the way this universe works . 
 i start wondering if we could float down to the ground from here , but then the assembled patches pulse as one and a brownish window opens . 
 `` here we go , '' i say smugly . 
 `` i did n't think windows could be opened that quickly or simply , '' shark says . 
 `` it 's easy-peasy when you know how . '' 
 shark steps up beside me and looks back at dervish . 
 `` ready for the next leg of the tour ? '' 
 `` hurm , '' dervish says uncertainly . 
 `` do you know where that leads ? '' 
 he asks me . 
 `` no . 
 but beranabus will be there . '' 
 i hesitate . 
 `` when i left him , he was in trouble , fighting a team of demons . 
 we might have to help him . 
 so be prepared , ok ? '' 
 `` yes , boss , '' shark laughs . 
 `` thanks for warning us , '' dervish says , then takes up a position to my left . 
 shark slides into place on my right . 
 we step through the window . 
 it 's the same world where nadia and i ran out on beranabus . 
 night . 
 three moons shine , closer than the moon is to earth in my universe . 
 too bright to see if there are any giant demons soaring overhead . 
 corpses are scattered across the hard yellow ground . 
 demons in an advanced state of decomposition , most rotted to the bone . 
 either demons rot quickly here or this is one of those places where time runs faster than in the human universe . 
 i spy beranabus working on a window . 
 sharmila is nearby , sitting next to a mound of freshly dug earth . 
 i guess it 's raz 's final resting place , that she and beranabus - probably just her - dug a grave for the fallen disciple . 
 i get a lump in my throat when i think about how raz died , but there 's no time to cry . 
 i did n't believe i could be so matter of fact about the death of a friend , but i 'm learning a lot here . 
 one of the things is that in times of severe disorder , you ca n't worry about the dead , only the living . 
 i still think art is alive . 
 he 's the one i have to focus on . 
 i ca n't do any good for the dead raz warlo . 
 `` beranabus ! '' 
 i call . 
 `` it 's me , kernel . 
 i 'm back . '' 
 the magician 's head whips round and sharmila 's jerks up . 
 they stare at me in disbelief , then at the two men with me . 
 then beranabus cheers - the first time he 's acted like an ordinary human since i met him - and rushes across to pick me up and whirl me around . 
 `` kernel fleck ! '' 
 he booms . 
 `` you 're a wonder ! 
 i 've been struggling to build a window to you for days . 
 and here you pop up , cool as a breeze ! 
 you 're the most remarkable human i 've met in centuries ! '' 
 he sets me down and i find myself grinning at him . 
 i had n't liked the cranky magician before . 
 but now i see he can be as emotional as any normal person . 
 he simply hides his feelings better than most . 
 `` hello , beranabus , '' shark says , stepping forward , hand outstretched . 
 beranabus shakes the hand briefly , frowning . 
 then he points at shark and says , `` octopus ? '' 
 `` shark , '' shark laughs . 
 `` ah . 
 i knew it was something like that . '' 
 he looks at dervish blankly . 
 `` this is dervish grady , '' shark introduces him . 
 `` my latest recruit . '' 
 `` another disciple , '' beranabus murmurs , nodding shortly at dervish . 
 `` how many does that make ? '' 
 `` if you do n't know , i 'm sure nobody does , '' shark says . 
 beranabus shrugs . 
 `` i never was good at numbers . 
 anyway , welcome to the team , grady . 
 i hope you last longer than some of my other followers . '' 
 his eyes flash on raz 's grave . 
 `` it is good to see you again , kernel , '' sharmila says , stepping forward to hug me . 
 she looks drawn and miserable , but has reattached her arm and healed her wounds since the battle . 
 `` i 'm pleased you made it , '' i whisper . 
 `` it was close . 
 my injuries were fatal . 
 if not for beranabus , i would have died . '' 
 `` yes , yes , i 'm better than any doctor , '' beranabus says impatiently . 
 `` now what about my other disciple ? 
 where 's nadia ? 
 not dead , surely . '' 
 i pause . 
 part of me wants to cover up for her and tell him she was killed by a demon . 
 but his small dark eyes are fixed on me and i find myself incapable of attempting a lie . 
 `` she did n't want to come back . 
 she left me . 
 went off by herself . 
 she 's had enough of demons . '' 
 beranabus ' face blackens with fury . 
 `` i 'll flay her skin from her back ! 
 find her . 
 open a window to her . 
 immediately . '' 
 `` i do not think you should do that , '' sharmila says . 
 `` nadia is a free agent . 
 if she wants to - '' `` i do n't care about her wants ! '' 
 beranabus bellows . 
 `` we need her . 
 now open that window , kernel , and do n't pretend you ca n't . 
 i 'll know if you 're lying . 
 and i 'll punish you for it . '' 
 i want to tell him to get stuffed , i 'm not his servant . 
 but those dark eyes are fierce with anger when i look at him and i wilt . 
 `` i 'll try , '' i mutter unhappily . 
 `` i 'm not sure it will work , since she 's not in this universe , but i 'll give it a go . 
 if you 're certain . '' 
 `` aye ! '' 
 beranabus growls , glaring at me as i clear my thoughts and concentrate on nadia 's image , feeling like a traitor of the lowest , meanest order . 
 we 're waiting for beranabus . 
 he said that because of the time differences between this world and ours , he could be gone for a few hours as we experience it , even though it will only be a few minutes for him . 
 i keep an eye on the window , holding it open . 
 it 's not hard . 
 when i see a patch or two shimmer and start to slip free of the panel , i press them back into place . 
 we chat to pass the time . 
 sharmila tells dervish and shark about the kah-gash , beranabus ' quest , her part in the mission . 
 i describe how i got mixed up in it , and demonstrate how i can construct windows so quickly , though i ca n't explain why i alone can see the patches of light . 
 in return , shark and dervish tell us of their lives . 
 shark 's been a disciple for several years , working with others to avert demonic crossings . 
 he was in the army when he discovered his magical talent . 
 on a tour of duty . 
 a village came under attack from four demons . 
 shark and his team tried to stop them . 
 a disciple was present . 
 he realised shark 's potential when he saw him fighting , pulled him clear of the massacre , explained about the demonata . 
 all of shark 's fellow soldiers were killed , so shark became a disciple , though he still wears his uniform out of respect for the dead . 
 dervish is new to the game . 
 shark discovered him a few months ago while trying to stop a crossing in the city where i met them . 
 he was successful , thanks to dervish , who happened to be nearby when a window was about to open . 
 dervish saw that shark was in trouble , ran to his aid and used magic he 'd never known he possessed to knock out the woman trying to open the window . 
 that was the end of life as he knew it . 
 `` is that how disciples are normally recruited ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` there 's an attack , they discover magic within themselves and a disciple asks them to join ? '' 
 `` pretty much , '' shark says . 
 `` lots of people have magical ability , but it usually only reveals itself in the presence of demons . 
 when windows are created , some of the magic of their universe flows through , which people like us can tap into , even without training or intent . 
 we 've spent decades trying to identify and develop the potential some other way , but no luck so far . '' 
 `` does everybody join once they know they have the power ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` no , '' sharmila answers . 
 `` many reject their calling . 
 i do not blame them . 
 ours is a harsh life , lonely , filled with peril . '' 
 shark snorts with contempt . 
 `` if i had my way , we 'd press-gang the lot of them , force them to fight . '' 
 `` that would be unfair , '' sharmila says . 
 `` this is n't about fairness , '' shark argues . 
 `` it 's about winning a war . 
 you ca n't run away from your duty during war . 
 it 's desertion . '' 
 `` that 's what nadia did , '' i say softly , and my eyes meet sharmila 's . 
 we 're both worried about what will happen when beranabus catches up with her . 
 nadia falls hard through the window and lands heavily on the ground . 
 she howls hatefully and tries to leap back through the panel of light . 
 beranabus appears before she completes the jump . 
 shoves her away , snarling like an animal . 
 `` stop ! '' 
 he roars . 
 nadia tries to wriggle around him , fingers stretching towards the window of light . 
 he blocks her way , standing firm like a roman emperor , while nadia shrieks and wails . 
 she tries using magic to move him , but he flicks aside her bolt of energy and holds his position . 
 `` kernel ! '' 
 he shouts . 
 `` dismantle the window . '' 
 `` i 'm not sure i should - '' he flashes his teeth at me , making it very clear that he 'll turn on me next if i disobey him . 
 feeling lousy and afraid , i slink around nadia and beranabus - the magician fending his assistant off , protecting me from her - and set to work on the window . 
 after removing a few pieces , the patches slide apart and the window disappears . 
 nadia throws herself flat and weeps into the yellow earth , hammering the ground with her fists . 
 beranabus sighs and steps aside , rubbing the back of his neck . 
 `` you 'll thank me for this later , '' he says . 
 `` i 'll thank the demon who rips your head off and fills your skull with fire ! '' 
 she screams back , then bolts upright and glares at me . 
 `` you showed him where to find me ! '' 
 `` i had to , '' i mutter shamefully . 
 `` he said he 'd - '' she spits at me . 
 `` do not blame the boy , '' sharmila says , putting her hands on my shoulders . 
 `` he argued to leave you be , as did i . 
 but beranabus would not listen . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 nadia cries , whirling on beranabus . 
 `` why did n't you leave me there ? 
 i could have been happy . 
 led a normal life . 
 been human again . 
 why rip me away from all that ? '' 
 `` i need you , '' beranabus says flatly . 
 `` no you do n't ! 
 i gave you what you wanted - a vision which might help you find part of the kah-gash . '' 
 `` there will be other parts to find . '' 
 `` but that could take hundreds of years ! 
 thousands ! 
 we 'll both be dead long before that happens - if it ever does . '' 
 beranabus shrugs . 
 `` this is slavery , '' nadia snarls . 
 `` you always said i was free to leave . '' 
 `` and you are , '' beranabus insists . 
 `` as soon as we find the pieces of the kah-gash . 
 until then , i need you . 
 your universe needs you . 
 i know you do n't enjoy this , but that does n't matter . 
 you 've been chosen , like the rest of us . 
 if we turn our backs on our responsibility , the entire world will fall to the demonata . '' 
 `` i do n't care ! '' 
 nadia shrieks . 
 `` what 's the difference between fighting them here or on my own world ? 
 they might as well take it over for all it matters to me ! '' 
 `` then you would never have anywhere safe to go , '' beranabus says . 
 `` so ? 
 i ca n't go there anyway while you 're holding me prisoner . '' 
 beranabus exhales sharply , starts to say something , stops , then smiles tightly . 
 `` we 'll make a deal . 
 stay with me until i find this piece of the kah-gash . 
 after that , you can go . 
 i 'll open a window to the human world for you and not stand in your way . '' 
 `` and if i die during the search ? '' 
 nadia retorts . 
 `` or if it takes a hundred years to find it ? 
 or if you never find it ? '' 
 beranabus ' smile disappears . 
 `` i 'm trying to be reasonable . '' 
 nadia laughs . 
 `` no . 
 you know this is wrong and you want to feel better about it . 
 you do n't want to admit you 're as ruthless and monstrous as the demons you claim to hate . '' 
 `` i never said i hated the demonata , '' beranabus says quietly . 
 `` and i never claimed to be anything other than - as you say - ruthless and monstrous . 
 that 's how i need to be to fight them . '' 
 nadia prepares another curse , then realises it would be a waste of breath . 
 she looks around at us , hateful and alone . 
 points a finger at beranabus . 
 `` you betrayed me . 
 that 's something i wo n't forget or forgive . 
 you do n't just have to watch out for demons anymore - when i 'm around , you 'll have to worry about me too . 
 i hate you as much as they do now , and i 'll quite gladly kill you if i ever get the chance . 
 and anybody else who 's with you . '' 
 an uneasy mood . 
 we 're all uncomfortable . 
 even the gruff shark , who believes in forcing people to work for the disciples , is n't used to tyrants like beranabus . 
 the magician comes over and sits with us . 
 he scratches the sole of his left foot , then runs a hand through his hair and coughs . 
 `` take no notice of nadia 's hysterics , '' he says . 
 `` she 'll be all right when she calms down . 
 we 've had similar confrontations before . 
 although this is the first time she 's threatened to kill me . '' 
 he laughs harshly . 
 nobody smiles . 
 `` this is n't the best of introductions , is it ? '' 
 beranabus notes , looking at me wryly . 
 `` you think i 'm a heartless beast . 
 but this is the way life is for me . 
 i have no time for decency . 
 i 'm a demon killer . 
 that 's my sole purpose in life . 
 i sleep soundly - on those rare occasions when i sleep - because i know i 'm doing the task that the universe charged me with . '' 
 he points at my shoes . 
 `` you might want to get rid of those . 
 you too , shark and ... deviant ? '' 
 `` dervish . '' 
 `` aye . 
 dump the shoes . 
 they block the flow of magic . 
 even the slightest advantage can be vital when you 're faced with a demon and battling for your life . 
 i 'm assuming you two intend to stay and help ? '' 
 shark and dervish glance at each other edgily . 
 i do n't think either had planned to stay . 
 then shark shrugs and raises an eyebrow . 
 dervish nods in answer and smiles weakly . 
 they bend to untie their laces . 
 beranabus studies me closely as i peel my socks off . 
 `` you 're a strange one , kernel fleck . 
 normally , i can sense magic in those who possess an abundance of it , but i get almost nothing from you , even though you must be throbbing with power to open windows between worlds so swiftly . '' 
 `` i do n't think it 's magic , '' i say shyly . 
 `` it 's like a puzzle . 
 i see lights and i 'm able to slot them together when they pulse . 
 that 's the only difference between me and you . 
 i can see the pieces of the window . 
 you ca n't . '' 
 `` tell me about these lights , '' beranabus says . 
 `` when you first noticed them and realised you could manipulate them . '' 
 `` i 've seen the lights all my life , but it was only on the needle of rock that i realised i could ... '' a memory kicks in and i come to a surprised stop . 
 `` no , that 's not right . 
 a year ago , i put lights together in my bedroom , stepped through the window and went missing for a few days . '' 
 i ca n't believe i had n't remembered that until now . 
 `` missing ? '' 
 beranabus sniffs . 
 `` yes . 
 nobody knew where i was . 
 i do n't know either . 
 i ca n't remember what happened when i stepped through the window . '' 
 `` nothing at all ? '' 
 beranabus presses . 
 i think hard , but even though i now know that i must have crossed into this universe , my mind 's a total blank . 
 there 's something about the window itself , before i stepped through , but the memory evades me . 
 i shake my head . 
 sharmila has been listening closely . 
 she looks at beranabus , troubled . 
 `` does it not strike you as strange that of all the places cadaver could have emerged , he turned up in that village ? 
 the home of the one boy in all the world who has a power which in some ways is greater than even your own . '' 
 `` you think he went there for kernel ? '' 
 beranabus frowns . 
 `` perhaps . 
 when we turned up , maybe he thought we were protecting kernel . 
 so he took the brother instead , gambling that kernel would chase after him . '' 
 `` a trap , '' beranabus says , nodding slowly . 
 `` aye , it could be . 
 maybe we should forget about cadaver and - '' `` no ! '' 
 i hiss . 
 `` art 's the only thing in this universe i 'm interested in . 
 i do n't care if it 's a trap - i 'm going to keep looking for him . 
 whether you help me or not . 
 i know how now . 
 i 'll use a window to find him . '' 
 beranabus smiles icily . 
 `` you could have done that as soon as you returned . 
 but you did n't . 
 instead you searched for me . 
 because you need me to snatch your brother back . 
 you can find him , but you ca n't fight for him . 
 you want me to risk everything i have - for you . 
 do you expect me to do that without asking for anything in return ? '' 
 i glower at the magician , but what he says is true . 
 i am asking him to risk his life to help me . 
 `` i thought you had to search for this cadaver demon anyway , '' dervish says . 
 `` he 's the one who can lead you to the weapon , right ? '' 
 `` perhaps not directly , '' beranabus says . 
 `` nadia 's vision was n't clear . 
 she said the demon thief could guide us . 
 but perhaps he 's already done that . '' 
 `` you think part of the kah-gash is here ? '' 
 sharmila asks , dubiously looking around at the yellowish demon world . 
 `` no . 
 i think cadaver was only meant to provide us with the means of finding it . '' 
 he fixes his gaze on me . 
 `` you 're the true guide . 
 cadaver 's role was to lead us to you . 
 now that we know about your talent , we can use it to search for the kah-gash . 
 that 's the deal - help me locate the fragments , then i 'll help you get your brother back . '' 
 i stare at beranabus nervously . 
 it sounds like a fair trade , but i 'm wary . 
 afraid of ending up like nadia , a tool in the magician 's hands , a slave . 
 nobody knows how many pieces the kah-gash was broken up into . 
 it could be a handful or it could be a thousand . 
 `` help me rescue art now , '' i barter . 
 `` then i 'll search for the weapon . '' 
 beranabus shakes his head . 
 `` the kah-gash first . 
 you wo n't have any reason to help me once you have your brother back . 
 you could open a window and slip away from me any time you wished . '' 
 i think it over carefully , not wanting to tie myself to a deal which might backfire on me later . 
 i 've never had to bargain like this before . 
 it 's strange . 
 confusing . 
 frightening . 
 but i force myself to concentrate and think all the options through . 
 `` one piece , '' i say quietly . 
 `` i 'll help you search for it . 
 then we go after cadaver and art . 
 that 's fair . '' 
 beranabus scowls and starts to argue . 
 `` he is right , '' sharmila heads him off . 
 `` that is an equal exchange . 
 an eye for an eye , so to speak . '' 
 beranabus makes a grumbling sound . 
 `` it 's not equal . 
 that 's like me saying i 'll help you rescue one of your brother 's legs . 
 you want the whole boy - well , i want the whole kah-gash . '' 
 `` but i could spend the rest of my life looking for all the pieces ! '' 
 i cry . 
 beranabus rolls his eyes . 
 `` very well , '' he says reluctantly . 
 `` find the first piece . 
 then we rescue your brother . 
 then you help me find the rest of it . '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 sharmila snaps . 
 `` you ca n't ask that of him . '' 
 `` i can and i did , '' beranabus retorts without taking his eyes off me . 
 `` of course , i ca n't hold you to that promise , but i 'll trust you to keep your word if you give it . '' 
 i hesitate . 
 my gaze slides to nadia , still sitting with her back to us , crying . 
 to spend years here like she has , fighting demons , never return home ... do i love art that much ? 
 would i sacrifice all that i have to save him ? 
 `` it may not take as long as you think , '' beranabus says . 
 `` there might only be a few pieces of the kah-gash . 
 maybe we 'll find them within weeks or months . 
 once i have the weapon , i 'll be able to destroy the demon universe . 
 you can go home . 
 lead a normal , happy , human life . '' 
 i nod slowly , deciding . 
 `` ok . '' 
 beranabus breaks into a smile . 
 `` but you 've got to agree to help me even if i ca n't find the kah-gash . '' 
 the magician 's smile vanishes . 
 `` why would n't you be able to find it ? '' 
 `` i do n't know if i can search for objects . 
 maybe i can only open windows to people or demons . 
 if i can find it , i will . 
 but if i search and i ca n't , i want your word that you 'll still help me . '' 
 beranabus considers that . 
 `` very well . '' 
 solemnly , seriously , we shake on the deal . 
 and i try hard not to think about the legend of faust . 
 i move apart from the others . 
 study the patches of light , all sorts of sizes , shapes and colours . 
 i try not to dwell on the deal . 
 i have to put art 's needs before my own , then hope for the best later . 
 and if you have to spend the rest of your life in servitude to beranabus ? 
 a voice says within me . 
 i ca n't worry about that now . 
 what will be , will be . 
 art first - after the kah-gash . 
 i 'm not sure how to look for it , since i 've no idea what exactly it is that i 'm searching for . 
 i run the name through my thoughts , studying the lights , hoping some will pulse . 
 but they do n't . 
 i clear my thoughts and try another approach . 
 i think about an object - a tree that i used to climb when i lived in the city . 
 dozens of lights pulse . 
 i let the image of the tree fade , wait for the lights to return to normal , then experiment again , this time trying to think of an object i 'm not familiar with . 
 it 's not as easy as it sounds . 
 i think of famous buildings , cities , mount everest . 
 but while i have n't been to those places , i have an image of each inside my head , and when that image pops up , the lights start pulsing . 
 `` tell me the names of some strange places or things that i wo n't know about , '' i say to beranabus and the others . 
 `` why ? '' 
 beranabus asks . 
 `` just do it . 
 please . 
 it 's important . '' 
 `` the taj mahal , '' sharmila says . 
 `` no . 
 i 've seen pictures of that . '' 
 `` my bedroom , '' dervish says with a laugh . 
 `` no . 
 something specific , with a unique name . '' 
 there 's a pause , then beranabus says softly , `` newgrange . '' 
 `` perfect ! '' 
 i have n't the slightest idea what that means . 
 focusing on the word , i stare at the lights and murmur , `` newgrange , newgrange , newgrange . '' 
 i keep repeating it , mind blank of images , having only the name to work with . 
 several lights pulse , then others , and more drift towards me from points further away . 
 i slot the patches together . 
 when a deep blue window forms , i ask beranabus to step through with me . 
 `` why are we going to newgrange ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` i 'm testing my powers . '' 
 as soon as we emerge , i know we 're back in the real world . 
 it 's a grey , wet day . 
 ahead of us stands a strange structure , a long , white brick wall with a doorway in it , a grass mound for a roof . 
 `` is that newgrange ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` aye , '' beranabus says , a soft smile on his lips . 
 `` it was built by the old creatures , beings of amazing magic . 
 they kept this world safe from the demonata for thousands of years . 
 when they moved on , their power passed with them , leaving us open to attacks . 
 i resented their passing when i was younger , but now i think they had to leave , that humans have a destiny of their own , which they must follow by themselves . '' 
 i do n't really understand that , but it does n't matter . 
 what i know is that i can use the lights to search for objects which i 'm not familiar with . 
 armed with that knowledge , i retreat through the window , to search once again for the mysterious kah-gash . 
 i spend several minutes running the word through my thoughts , but the lights do n't respond . 
 not even a shimmer . 
 `` does the weapon have another name ? '' 
 i ask beranabus . 
 `` possibly . 
 demons speak many languages . 
 but most refer to it as the kah-gash . '' 
 i try for maybe a quarter of an hour , then give up . 
 `` it 's no good . 
 i ca n't find it . 
 either it does n't exist or i 'm not able to locate it without further information . '' 
 beranabus ' face darkens . 
 `` if you 're trying to play me for a fool ... '' `` i 'm not . 
 the lights are n't pulsing . 
 i 've tried my hardest , but nothing 's happening . '' 
 `` maybe you need to give it more time , '' beranabus suggests . 
 `` that 's not how it worked with the other windows . 
 if i could find your weapon , the lights would have started pulsing by now . 
 i ca n't do it . '' 
 beranabus mutters something to himself and tugs irritably at his beard . 
 sharmila is looking at me , head cocked , frowning . 
 she starts to say something , then changes her mind and instead says , `` we must search for cadaver again . '' 
 `` to rescue the child ? '' 
 beranabus sneers . 
 `` yes . 
 but also to question the demon . 
 perhaps he knows another word for the kah-gash , which will enable kernel to locate it . '' 
 `` or maybe nadia was wrong , '' beranabus says , glaring at his assistant 's back . 
 `` maybe this is a wild goose chase . '' 
 sharmila shrugs . 
 `` perhaps . 
 but if we are to continue , it seems logical to make cadaver our target . '' 
 beranabus thinks it over , then pins his gaze on me . 
 `` look at me directly and tell me you ca n't find the kah-gash . '' 
 i do n't like him calling me a liar , but i let our eyes meet and say , `` i searched for it honestly . 
 i could n't find it . '' 
 i hold his gaze , trying not to blink . 
 beranabus scowls . 
 `` very well . 
 we 'll pick up cadaver 's trail and hope he has n't laid any more traps for us . 
 go ahead then , boy . 
 find him . '' 
 `` first , you have to promise to help me rescue art . '' 
 i do n't search for cadaver directly , figuring that wherever art is , the demon must be too . 
 -lrb- unless he killed art and dumped his body as he darted between worlds , says an inner voice which i ignore . -rrb- 
 so i search for my brother instead . 
 to my surprise , it takes me a few seconds to bring up an image of him . 
 his face is hazy in my mind and i have to concentrate hard to make it clear . 
 for some odd reason , i think of the orange marbles which he was playing with before he was stolen . 
 he dropped them on his way to the window and i picked them up . 
 put them in my pocket . 
 i reach in and touch them now , and when i do that , i click on an image of art in sally 's house , that night in the bedroom when he was holding them up in front of his eyes . 
 as soon as i recall that , a number of lights round me pulse . 
 many are orange , reminding me of the orange patch i saw over art 's head that time . 
 maybe individual colours are associated with certain people . 
 i must take more notice of the colours the next time i 'm looking for someone , to check . 
 i have n't reached out to the lights yet . 
 i find myself reluctant to start . 
 afraid almost . 
 because now , finally , i have to face the facts . 
 if art 's dead , i 'll know as soon as i step through the window . 
 i 've been living in hope , trying to convince myself that he 's alive and well . 
 but once i put these pulsing lights together , hope will vanish , leaving me with the truth . 
 which is fine if cadaver has n't killed him . 
 but if he has ... i steel myself against the possible awfulness of the discovery . 
 i ca n't falter now , when i 'm so close . 
 if i 'd known about my gift earlier , i could have gone after him from that first demon world . 
 but this has been a learning process . 
 i 've found out things about myself , and this strange universe , bit by bit . 
 time to put my learning to good use - and pray it 's not too late . 
 i let out a deep breath . 
 scratch an itchy spot on my head . 
 start to slot the lights into place . 
 the window is orange when it forms , which is no great surprise . 
 i step back from it , nervous , thinking about how angry beranabus will be if art is n't with cadaver . 
 the magician steps up to the window and sniffs at it . 
 looks back at us . 
 there 's a glint to his eyes which , looking round , i see reflected in shark 's . 
 the eager glint of men who enjoy fighting . 
 sharmila looks scared . 
 dervish seems more confused than anything else . 
 he 's put his leather jacket on and is stroking one of his spiky clumps of hair for comfort . 
 `` nadia , '' beranabus calls . 
 she 's still sitting with her back to us , though her shoulders are no longer heaving . 
 at the call , she stands and turns . 
 her pale , pockmarked face is composed , like a mask . 
 her eyes are red from crying but there are no fresh tears . 
 she walks towards us at an even pace , stops close to beranabus , looks at him without interest . 
 `` i want you to concentrate , '' beranabus says . 
 `` see if you can gain an insight which might let us know what 's on the other side . '' 
 nadia smiles coldly . 
 `` i 'm not feeling very insightful , '' she says then steps through the window before beranabus can respond . 
 beranabus curses , but the slightest look of guilt flits across his face . 
 he shrugs it off and nods sharply at sharmila . 
 `` you next . 
 i 'll come after you . 
 then the boy , dervish and shark . 
 is everybody ready ? '' 
 `` ready for what ? '' 
 dervish asks . 
 beranabus chuckles . 
 `` hell , most likely . '' 
 webs everywhere . 
 strand after strand , some the thickness of several trees placed together , others as fine as a length of thread . 
 a gloomy , silvery , moonless sky , dotted with giant meteor-like demons . 
 nothing but blackness when i look down through the many layers of web . 
 i wriggle my bare toes over the moist , sticky fabric of the strand . 
 it 's like standing on candyfloss . 
 there 's a demon close to us , a nightmarish beast . 
 he has the body of a child but the head of an adult . 
 pale green skin . 
 no hair , but a wig-like cluster of lice scuttle around his scalp , feeding on his flesh , digging holes through to his brain . 
 no eyes - instead , a ball of fire burns in either socket . 
 a large mouth full of sharp teeth , no tongue . 
 two smaller mouths set in his palms , one in either hand . 
 the demon hisses when he sees us , turns and races away at a great speed , crisscrossing the network of webs , leaping from one level to another . 
 nobody gives chase , not even shark . 
 we 've just spotted the castle towards which the demon is running . 
 a castle of webs , set amidst a cluster of extra thick strands . 
 it looks like a medieval castle , except ten times bigger . 
 taller than any skyscraper i 've ever seen , wider than a couple of street blocks in the city where i used to live . 
 towers and turrets galore . 
 several huge drawbridges . 
 everything spun out of webs . 
 glistening and forbidding , even from this distance . 
 there 's a moat round the castle . 
 the hell-child leaps across it with ease , but instead of waiting for the drawbridge to be lowered , he scales the outside wall of the castle like a spider . 
 disappears through a narrow window . 
 `` this is bad , '' beranabus says . 
 `` you know this place ? '' 
 sharmila asks . 
 `` it 's the home of a demon master called lord loss . '' 
 `` i like his style , '' shark grunts , then looks around . 
 `` so , where 's the demon we 're meant to be chasing ? '' 
 `` where else ? '' 
 beranabus points to the castle . 
 `` how do you know ? '' 
 dervish asks . 
 `` no demon can set foot here without lord loss ' permission . 
 only his familiars and those he chooses to shelter are welcome . 
 cadaver is n't one of his slaves , so i 'm guessing he asked for sanctuary and it was granted - otherwise he would have fled from here already . '' 
 `` company 's coming , '' nadia says , smirking at us crookedly . 
 i spot scores of demons wriggling through the windows of the castle and over the tops of turrets . 
 a couple of the drawbridges are lowered and more of the monsters advance over them . 
 dervish glances back at the orange window , still open behind us . 
 he looks at beranabus questioningly . 
 `` no , '' the magician says after a moment 's hesitation . 
 `` we ca n't defeat lord loss on his own territory . 
 but maybe we can bargain with him . '' 
 `` bargain with a demon ? '' 
 sharmila frowns . 
 `` he 's not like other demons . 
 he prefers suffering to execution - he feeds on the misery of the living rather than the bodies of the dead . 
 he wo n't kill us swiftly . 
 if we can find some way to amuse him ... give him something which cadaver ca n't ... maybe he 'll turn the thief over to us . 
 and let us go . '' 
 `` you really believe that ? '' 
 sharmila asks . 
 `` no , '' beranabus chuckles drily . 
 `` but it 's the only hope we have . '' 
 fighting desperately . 
 swamped by demons of every mutation imaginable . 
 some are small , like the one we saw when we arrived . 
 others tower above us . 
 many are strange hybrids - mixtures of animals , lizards , birds , even fish . 
 others look like nothing i 've ever seen , lumps and blobs , teeth and claws , shadows and blood . 
 we fight in a tight circle , back to back . 
 sharmila sets the demons on fire when they come within reach . 
 shark rips heads and limbs loose , using the severed arms and legs as clubs to beat back other demons - he 's loving this . 
 dervish uses bolts of magical energy where he can , his fists and feet when a demon closes in . 
 nadia has magically grown her nails and is using them as swords , ten deadly blades . 
 beranabus uses a mix of spells and punches to shatter the bodies of our enemies , fighting calmly , controlled . 
 i lash out with my fists , punching wildly , trying to be as much of a nuisance as possible . 
 i 'm not terrified . 
 scared , but in control . 
 panting hard , but not roaring . 
 maybe it 's because i know this is a fight which ca n't be avoided . 
 even if i ran away , i 'd have to come back and face these demons again . 
 unless i abandon art . 
 which is n't going to happen . 
 the demons should have overwhelmed us by now . 
 there are so many of different sizes , shapes and powers . 
 we should n't be able to stand up to them . 
 but they do n't take advantage of their strength and numbers . 
 they snap and bite at us , inflicting minor wounds , but do n't pile upon us all at once . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 dervish yells , wiping a demon 's yellow blood from his face and kicking an otter-like beast away . 
 `` why are we still alive ? '' 
 `` like i said , '' beranabus grunts , `` lord loss wants to play . 
 he must have given orders not to kill us . '' 
 `` then why do n't we stop fighting ? '' 
 dervish asks . 
 `` when demons catch the scent of blood , they do n't always obey their master 's orders , '' beranabus chuckles . 
 `` so are we just going to stay here ? '' 
 sharmila shouts , face bright , lit by the flames of the burning demons around her . 
 `` no , '' beranabus says . 
 `` let 's move towards the castle . 
 but keep up our defences . 
 i think they 'll let us through , but they wo n't make it easy for us . 
 if one of us stumbles and falls behind ... '' he does n't finish . 
 does n't need to . 
 it 's clear that anyone who stumbles will be left for the demons . 
 battling our way through the ranks of demons , edging across the strands of web , feet sticky , coated with a glue-like substance . 
 the stench is unbelievable - not just the demons , but all the blood and guts . 
 the webs around us are slick with the entrails and life juices of the demons we 've wounded or killed . 
 lord loss must be a strange master to let so many of his servants perish at our hands . 
 some of the wounded fall between the layers of webs and disappear into the darkness , howling and screaming . 
 but their cries never last more than a few seconds . 
 as we draw close to the moat , and pass over a patch where the webby strands are thin and sparse , i see what happens to those who fall . 
 there are shark-like demons floating in the darkness beneath the layers of webs , constantly circling . 
 whenever a demon falls , the sharks move in for the kill , ripping the unfortunate monster to shreds , sometimes swallowing it whole . 
 in this universe , just when you think things ca n't get any worse , they usually do ! 
 we come to a halt at the edge of the moat . 
 this close , i see that it 's actually just open space - a circular gap between the layers of web , with nothing to stop us falling straight down to where the shark demons are waiting . 
 the bridges have been drawn closed , leaving us with no simple way of getting across . 
 as i 'm staring at the webby castle walls with one eye , keeping the other on the demons , i get the strangest sense of d j vu , like i 've seen this place before . 
 but i ca n't have . 
 i 'm probably just thinking about castles i 've seen in books and movies . 
 a demon with powerful hind legs bounces high into the air and throws itself at dervish while he 's grappling with another of the beasts . 
 acting on instinct , the punk lowers his head and the spikes of his hair turn to steel . 
 the demon is impaled and dies screaming . 
 dervish flicks his head left , then right , dislodging the dead demon . 
 he bellows at beranabus , `` what now ? '' 
 `` we have to jump across and scale the wall , '' beranabus shouts . 
 `` i do n't think i can jump that far , '' i roar . 
 `` then we 'll leave you behind for the demonata , '' beranabus retorts . 
 before i can think of a reply , the magician grabs the back of my neck and leaps . 
 a second of stomach-dropping terror as i gaze down into the abyss and the circling shark demons . 
 then we hit the wall and stick . 
 `` come on ! '' 
 beranabus yells at the others . 
 shark jumps with ease . 
 so does nadia . 
 dervish is nervous and flails with his arms when jumping , but he makes it . 
 just as sharmila leaps , a demon snags her sari . 
 she rips free , but the attack robs her of her momentum , and instead of sailing across the moat , she falls towards the sharks . 
 `` no ! '' 
 dervish shouts , reaching for her - but he 's too late . 
 he misses . 
 she falls . 
 i open my mouth to scream . 
 then beranabus is beside her . 
 he wraps an arm around her . 
 angles her upwards . 
 soars back to the wall with her , holding on until she gets a grip on the webs . 
 she 's sobbing weakly - she thought she was finished . 
 `` you never told us you could fly , '' shark grunts . 
 `` it varies from world to world , '' beranabus says . 
 `` in some i can . 
 in others i ca n't . '' 
 `` did you know you could fly here ? '' 
 dervish asks . 
 beranabus shrugs . 
 `` i had a pretty good idea . '' 
 which means he was n't sure . 
 he risked his life when he threw himself after sharmila . 
 another sign that he is n't as cold and unfeeling as he pretends . 
 as we 're clinging to the wall , the drawbridge nearest us is lowered . 
 it 's amazing how it operates - the bridge and the mechanism driving it are constructed entirely of webs . 
 even in the middle of my fear and madness i pause and mutter , `` cool ! '' 
 there 's no creaking sound as the drawbridge touches down on the other side of the moat . 
 perfect silence . 
 the demons have stopped chattering and howling . 
 all are focused on the drawbridge now , holding their position , waiting for ... what ? 
 we soon find out . 
 i spy the shadow of something small , coming out of the castle . 
 at first , i think it 's the lice-headed , fire-eyed demon we saw when we arrived , but then the figure comes into sight and my heart gives an actual physical leap . 
 `` art ! '' 
 i scream as my kidnapped brother totters on to the drawbridge . 
 he looks at me and giggles . 
 exactly as i remembered him . 
 unharmed by the demons . 
 not the least bit afraid . 
 looks as happy and at home as he did in paskinston . 
 my initial urge is to rush to my brother , but beranabus snaps , `` stay where you are ! '' 
 `` but it 's - '' `` i know . 
 but wait . 
 let 's see what comes out after him . '' 
 as he says it , i see two more shadows appear . 
 the first of the pair steps out . 
 it 's cadaver , the demon thief , looking as hairy and loathsome as the last time i saw him . 
 his long ears are upright and his wide , white eyes are alert . 
 he picks up art and glares at us with his half-human , half-canine face . 
 art cuddles up to the demon and a bolt of jealousy shoots through me . 
 then the other figure appears and jealousy washes away to be replaced by awe and terror - and recognition . 
 the creature is maybe seven or eight feet tall . 
 he has eight arms , each of which ends in stubby , misshapen fingers , with bones sticking out of the flesh . 
 no legs or feet , just long strips of flesh beneath the waist . 
 he does n't touch the floor of the drawbridge , but hovers in the air . 
 lumpy skin , a pale red shade , cracked in dozens of places , blood oozing from the cracks . 
 bald like me . 
 dark red eyes , no white at all . 
 a small mouth with a grey tongue and teeth . 
 no nose , just two holes set above his upper lip . 
 a gaping hole in the left side of his chest , where his heart should be . 
 lots of small snakes inside the hole , wriggling around , hissing and spitting . 
 this was what i was trying to remember earlier , when beranabus was asking me about the first window i formed , a year ago , when i went missing , just before i stepped through , something looked out at me from the other side . 
 it was a demon . 
 this demon . 
 he 's one of the creepiest monsters i 've seen , but that 's not what sets him apart . 
 he has an air of authority . 
 i can feel the menace , the evil , the energy and power . 
 easy to see why these other demons obey him , why they stand like soldiers in the presence of a general , awaiting his command , eager to please him , afraid of what he 'll do if he loses his temper . 
 this is a demon of an entirely different class . 
 i can sense it . 
 so can the others . 
 even shark does n't look confident any longer . 
 i know now why beranabus does n't want to fight this monster . 
 why he said we could n't . 
 it 's lord loss . 
 it must be . 
 it could n't be anybody else . 
 after several seconds of silence , which i 'm sure lord loss allows just so we can admire his awful beauty , the demon master reaches out with one of his eight hands and pats art on the head . 
 art gurgles and tries to bite into the bloodstained flesh . 
 lord loss jerks his hand away before art brings his teeth together - even demon masters are wary of my little biter of a brother ! 
 lord loss ' head turns right , slowly . 
 fresh cracks open around his neck and shoulders . 
 blood flows from them . 
 he levels his gaze on us , studying us one at a time . 
 nadia is murmuring the words of some spell - a protective spell perhaps , though i do n't think that will be much use if he decides to attack . 
 lord loss observes her longer than the rest of us , frowning softly , then his eyes move on . 
 as he studies me , i remember how he looked at me before , the way his eyes lingered on me then , how i stood up to him . 
 he could have crossed that night , i 'm sure , and taken me . 
 but i stared him down . 
 made a fist and threatened him with magic . 
 he was n't sure how powerful i was . 
 he retreated . 
 that gives me hope and the strength to look at him directly now , without flinching . 
 `` it is pleasing to see you again after all these years , beranabus , '' lord loss finally says , breaking the heavy silence . 
 his voice is the saddest i 've ever heard , as if everyone close to him had recently died in tragic , painful circumstances . 
 `` i do n't know if i would call it a pleasure exactly , '' beranabus answers . 
 `` this is the first time you have visited me here , though i have felt you pass a few times before . 
 you should not have waited so long , old friend . '' 
 `` i 'd have happily waited a few more centuries . '' 
 the pair smile thinly at each other . 
 i can tell there 's no love lost between them . 
 if we survive , i must ask beranabus to tell me about their history . 
 i bet it 's an interesting story . 
 lord loss lets his gaze settle on me again . 
 he sighs mournfully . 
 `` cornelius fleck . 
 i hoped you would not embark on such a foolhardy quest . 
 you should have stayed and comforted your father and mother . 
 they are distraught without you , even after all this time . 
 i know you love your brother , but it would - '' `` what do you mean ? '' 
 i interrupt , curiosity forcing me to speak . 
 `` it 's only been a few days since i left home . '' 
 the demon master makes a miserable sound . 
 `` you poor child . 
 did beranabus not explain the vagaries of time in this universe ? '' 
 `` yes , '' i say uneasily . 
 `` but ... i mean ... a couple of days ... it ca n't make much of a. . . '' 
 i look to beranabus . 
 `` how long have i been here ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' he says shiftily . 
 `` it does n't matter . '' 
 `` of course it matters , '' lord loss disagrees . 
 `` the boy thinks he can come here , rescue his brother , return and all will be well . 
 if only it were that simple . '' 
 he sighs again . 
 `` i can not be accurate , cornelius , since it is hard to judge the passage of time in your universe , but it has been at least five or six years since cadaver made off with young art . '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 i cry . 
 `` that 's impossible ! '' 
 `` i 'm afraid it is not only possible - it is true , '' lord loss insists . 
 `` you were unfortunate with the worlds you visited , although it may not have been mere misfortune . 
 cadaver is roguish . 
 he might have chosen those worlds deliberately . '' 
 my heart 's pounding . 
 five or six years ! 
 all the children my age who i knew in paskinston will be adults now . 
 mum and dad must think we 're both dead . 
 they 'll have grieved and moved on with their lives . 
 if i return with art , the pair of us looking no older than we did on the day we disappeared ... `` do n't think about it , '' dervish hisses . 
 `` he 's probably lying . 
 he wants to destroy your confidence . '' 
 `` i am not in the habit of lying ! '' 
 lord loss booms , just the slightest hint of anger in his otherwise morbid tone . 
 `` in fact , i have never told a lie , have i , beranabus ? '' 
 `` so it 's said , '' beranabus mutters . 
 `` whatever , '' dervish sniffs . 
 `` dervish is right . '' 
 sharmila smiles at me . 
 `` do not think about it . 
 there is a price to pay for coming into this universe . 
 if it is the loss of five or six years ... what of it ? 
 the important thing is that we return with your brother . 
 yes ? '' 
 `` i guess so , '' i mumble unhappily . 
 `` but - '' `` do n't start with ` buts ' , '' dervish warns me . 
 `` you 'll be ` butting ' all night if you do . '' 
 he squints up at the silvery sky . 
 `` if they have nights here . '' 
 lord loss watches me , a malicious twinkle in his red eyes . 
 as he 's studying me , the demons on the other side of the moat begin to fidget and mutter . 
 they 're growing impatient . 
 lord loss throws a cold glance at them . 
 `` i think it will be better if we continue our discussions inside . 
 less distractions , hmmm ? '' 
 beranabus tenses . 
 `` do i have your word that no harm will befall us in there ? '' 
 `` i promise that i will not injure you - or allow anyone else to - while we are discussing whatever it is that brought you here . 
 once those discussions have concluded ... '' he grins like a corpse . 
 `` we could make a sneak attack , grab cadaver and the child , '' shark whispers . 
 `` kernel could open a window for us . '' 
 `` not quickly enough , '' beranabus murmurs . 
 `` if we anger lord loss , and he sets his familiars on us , with orders to kill ... '' he looks at the ranks of demons . 
 shakes his head . 
 `` very well , '' he says to lord loss . 
 `` we accept your generous offer , with many thanks but no sense of obligation . '' 
 lord loss nods slowly , then turns and glides back into his castle , cadaver hurrying ahead of him with art , perhaps afraid we 'll hurl ourselves at him once the demon master 's back is turned . 
 beranabus crawls towards the drawbridge , cutting across the vertical wall of the castle . 
 i 'm reminded of a scene in a dracula film i saw once . 
 if only vampires were all i had to worry about ! 
 we trail from one enormous room to another . 
 the rooms are so cavernous , i feel like an ant . 
 the ceilings are all high overhead -lrb- a few do n't even have ceilings , but open up to the sky -rrb- , the walls so far apart that you could fit a couple of good-sized houses between them . 
 there 's not much in the way of furniture or fittings , but the few pieces i spot - chairs , a statue , a dry fountain - are all made of webs . 
 it 's hot inside and gets hotter the further in we move . 
 i 'm soon sweating through my t-shirt . 
 the others are uncomfortable too , pulling at their clothes , trying to breathe more freely . 
 dervish removes his jacket again , starts to tie it round his waist , then just dumps it . 
 his spikes are drooping from the heat . 
 lord loss does n't look back . 
 glides silently , smoothly , following after cadaver and art . 
 it 's hard to contain myself . 
 i want to dash ahead of the demon master and grab my brother . 
 but i ca n't . 
 this is lord loss ' home . 
 i have to respect his rules . 
 i 'm not sure what he 'd do to me if i did n't , but i 'm certain it would n't be pleasant . 
 we enter a room filled with chess sets perched on webby pillars . 
 ordinary sets , like you 'd find in any toyshop . 
 the pieces in different positions on the various boards , as if games were being played on them before we arrived . 
 dervish freezes when he sees the chess sets . 
 he takes a few steps away from the rest of us , staring around the room . 
 then looks at lord loss with an entirely new expression . 
 `` you ! '' 
 he croaks . 
 `` i know you now . 
 you 're the one who ... '' `` yes , '' lord loss says , pausing to look back . 
 `` i knew you were a grady as soon as i smelt you . 
 the stench of your family can not be disguised . 
 but i did n't wish to announce myself , in case you had not heard of me . '' 
 dervish is trembling . 
 he starts to say something but beranabus cuts in . 
 `` this is not the time to have a discussion about your family 's curse . '' 
 `` you know about the curse ? '' 
 dervish says sharply . 
 `` evidently . '' 
 `` and you know about ... ? '' 
 he nods at lord loss . 
 `` i 'd heard the rumours . '' 
 the rest of us look at each other blankly , no idea what this is about . 
 only nadia pays no attention , still muttering her spell , gaze fixed on lord loss . 
 `` we could play a game if you wish , '' lord loss says eagerly . 
 `` a practice match . 
 a chance for us to test each other , in case we ever have to play for real . '' 
 dervish glances at the chess boards , then shakes his head . 
 `` that will never happen . 
 i wo n't have children . 
 i refuse to subject them to the curse , to have them live in fear as i have . '' 
 `` noble intentions , '' lord loss murmurs . 
 `` but one should not tempt fate by saying never . 
 perhaps circumstances will conspire against you . 
 maybe your brother will reproduce ... '' `` if cal has kids , he 'll account for them himself , '' dervish says stiffly . 
 lord loss inclines his head slightly , turns and carries on , further into the castle , out of the room of chess sets . 
 we follow , dervish visibly shaken , looking over his shoulder at the boards like a man who 's seen a ghost . 
 we come to a room even larger than the rest . 
 a huge spider-shaped throne in the centre , made of webs . 
 a chandelier overhead , again woven from webs , with naked flames flickering in place of candles or light bulbs . 
 objects from my world are strewn across the floor - items of clothing , a tennis ball , walking sticks , the skeleton of some large animal , toys , more chess sets , scattered bones . 
 a portrait of lord loss on the wall behind the throne , painted in the style of vincent van gogh . 
 lord loss glides to the throne , over the legs which jut out of its base , up to the seat which is set in the body of the spider . 
 he lowers himself on to it , so he can look down on us like a king upon his subjects . 
 cadaver sits on one of the legs to the left of the throne , playing with art , holding him up on his knees , then letting him drop and catching him . 
 the demon master raises a hand to stop us about ten or twelve feet away from the throne . 
 smiles imperiously , then waves the hand at the room in general . 
 `` what do you think of my humble abode ? '' 
 `` not what i 'd choose , '' beranabus says . 
 he nods at some of the objects on the floor . 
 `` the remains of previous guests ? '' 
 `` mementoes , '' lord loss says . 
 he gestures at a knife , which rises from the floor and floats into his mangled hand . 
 it 's not like the knives in our kitchen at home - this is more of a small sword . 
 lord loss turns it around a few times , smiling at beranabus . 
 `` you should recognise this . 
 it was yours once . '' 
 beranabus ' face is stone . 
 `` i 'm not interested in the past or your mementoes . '' 
 lord loss shrugs and lets the knife drop . 
 art grabs for it , but cadaver flicks it away before my brother can do any damage with the blade . 
 `` tell me what you are interested in , '' lord loss says . 
 `` tell me why you have come and risked my wrath . 
 you know uninvited visitors are not welcome , that i am entitled to kill you all if i wish - and probably will . '' 
 he waves at the walls . 
 looking up , i see the demons from outside sneaking into the room through windows which i had n't noticed before . 
 they cling to the walls , growing in number by the second , completely surrounding us . 
 several block the doorway through which we entered . 
 `` i 've been in more promising situations , '' shark mutters wryly . 
 `` do you think we could blast through the walls ? '' 
 dervish asks . 
 `` they 're only webs . '' 
 `` magical webs , '' sharmila corrects him . 
 `` built to protect lord loss from all the demons of this universe . 
 i would not bet on us being able to force a way through . '' 
 beranabus ignores the demons . 
 he 's gazing calmly at lord loss . 
 points at cadaver and says , `` we want him . '' 
 `` the baby ? '' 
 lord loss smiles , misinterpreting the gesture . 
 `` no . 
 the demon . '' 
 lord loss frowns . 
 he 'd expected beranabus to ask for art . 
 i had too . 
 i want to yell at the magician and remind him of his promise . 
 but that would be the wrong thing to do . 
 we 're in a dangerous spot , the odds stacked against us . 
 i have to trust beranabus for now . 
 let him play it the way he wants . 
 only step in if i feel i absolutely have to . 
 `` cadaver is n't one of your familiars , '' beranabus says . 
 `` you 're not bound to protect him . 
 i know you 've granted him shelter , but i ask you to revoke that privilege and let us take him . 
 we have no quarrel with you . 
 give us cadaver and we 'll leave at once , owing you a debt which we shall do our best to repay . '' 
 `` you would put yourself in debt to me ? '' 
 lord loss says , eyes burning bright . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` tempting , '' the demon master purrs . 
 `` cadaver must be very important to you . 
 but why ? 
 he is an average , unremarkable demon . '' 
 lord loss does n't know about our quest to find the kah-gash so this makes no sense to him . 
 `` our reasons are private and should be of no concern to you , '' beranabus says . 
 `` just as it 's no concern of ours why you offered him sanctuary in the first place . '' 
 `` but that is no secret , '' lord loss laughs . 
 `` i gave him shelter because he did a service for me . 
 he brought me the child . '' 
 lord loss glances down at art , then looks at me mockingly . 
 i know in that instant that lord loss gave the order for my brother to be kidnapped . 
 it was no accident that cadaver took art - the demon had been searching for him ! 
 beranabus sees this too . 
 he starts to ask about it then changes his mind . 
 perhaps he 's afraid that lord loss will realise he 's searching for the kah-gash . 
 i do n't think the demon master would be so playful if he knew we were after a weapon which could destroy him and every other demon . 
 `` so cadaver did a service for you , and you rewarded him or promised to , '' beranabus says . 
 `` does that make him one of your familiars ? '' 
 `` no , '' lord loss says and cadaver looks at him quickly , worried . 
 `` but it would be wrong of me to dismiss him . 
 i can not let you kill him , not until i pay him for his service and he takes his leave . 
 and that could be quite some time - he is under no obligation to depart before he wishes . '' 
 `` what if we promised not to kill him ? '' 
 beranabus presses . 
 `` if we only made enquiries of him ? 
 i 'm not saying we wo n't harm him , but i 'll give my word that he wo n't die . '' 
 the hairs on cadaver 's arms lengthen menacingly and he whines softly . 
 -lrb- again i find myself wondering how he makes any noise , since he does n't have a mouth . -rrb- 
 he holds art more tightly to his chest , issuing a warning . 
 `` do not be foolish , my swift-footed friend , '' lord loss says without warmth . 
 `` if you harm the child , your torment will be eternal . '' 
 cadaver scowls but relaxes his grip . 
 lord loss faces beranabus again , but only after staring at nadia for a moment . 
 her lips have n't stopped moving . 
 maybe he thinks her spell is something we 've worked on , that she 's part of a trap . 
 `` as tempting as it is , the favour is not enough , '' lord loss says . 
 `` i would need a stronger reason to turn cadaver over to you . '' 
 `` such as ? '' 
 beranabus asks tightly . 
 lord loss frowns thoughtfully , but it 's a deceptive frown - he knows exactly what he 's going to ask for . 
 `` there is no point in your promising not to kill cadaver , since it is a promise you can not guarantee . 
 if i gave him to you , it would have to be unconditionally . '' 
 `` that suits me fine , '' beranabus growls . 
 cadaver gets to his feet , trembling with rage and fear . 
 lord loss ignores him . 
 `` a life for a life , '' the demon master whispers . 
 `` i will give you cadaver if you give me one of your followers . '' 
 `` which one ? '' 
 beranabus asks without blinking . 
 shark , sharmila , dervish and i gawp at him , unable to believe that he 'd sacrifice one of us so casually . 
 `` the choice would be mine , '' lord loss murmurs . 
 `` all i guarantee is that it wo n't be you . 
 otherwise , no deal and i 'll unleash my familiars immediately , with orders to slaughter you all . '' 
 beranabus looks around at us . 
 his gaze is steady but there 's a slight tremble in his left hand , the only sign that he 's not as calm as he seems . 
 shark returns the stare honestly - he 's ready to die if the choice goes against him . 
 but sharmila , dervish and i look away . 
 not that it matters whether we agree or not - the choice is beranabus ' , not ours . 
 nadia has stopped chanting . 
 she 's sneering at beranabus . 
 `` go on , '' she says witheringly . 
 `` do n't pretend there 's any doubt . 
 sell us out . 
 it 's what you 're good at . '' 
 an angry red rash rises up beranabus ' neck , but he does n't respond . 
 instead he casts an eye over the demon-encrusted walls . 
 `` agreed ! '' 
 he says abruptly . 
 lord loss laughs and extends a hand towards us . 
 `` eeny ... meeny ... miny ... '' `` such games belittle you ! '' 
 beranabus barks . 
 `` choose ! '' 
 `` very well . '' 
 lord loss ' hand points at me . 
 vomit creeps up my throat . 
 i see the end coming , perishing in this horrible universe , far from home . 
 i prepare myself to run , even though i know it 's hopeless . 
 but then the hand moves on and settles on its real target - nadia ! 
 `` hah ! '' 
 she shouts at beranabus , all of her contempt for him contained in that one small sound . 
 i ca n't believe it happened . 
 i know it must have - the evidence is splattered all over lord loss and his arachnid throne - but still i ca n't take it in . 
 nadia ca n't be dead , not so suddenly , so bloodily . 
 surely , even this warped universe of horrors ca n't be that cruel . 
 while my brain 's whirring , cadaver shrieks and tosses art at lord loss , then makes a break for freedom , racing to a wall which has slightly fewer demons on it , scuttling towards a window . 
 lord loss catches art smoothly and cradles him to his chest , keeping him clear of the hole where the snakes are slithering over and under each other . 
 art laughs , undisturbed . 
 lord loss whistles to the demons on the wall . 
 they surge round the window , blocking it , driving cadaver back . 
 the demon momentarily thinks about fighting then releases his grip and drops to the floor . 
 in a crouch , he lets the hairs on his arms grow to their fullest length , glares at lord loss and waits for the demon master to make the next move . 
 lord loss chuckles at art or cadaver , i 'm not sure which . 
 then he says something twisted - it must be a demon language . 
 cadaver falls to the floor , writhing and hissing . 
 he rolls around , scratching at his throat and face . 
 the demons on the walls laugh and screech at him . 
 then , over the sounds of the demons comes a strangely mixed cry of fear and delight . 
 cadaver stops struggling and sits up . 
 the cry comes again , and this time i realise it comes from cadaver . 
 he 's been altered . 
 he has a mouth . 
 `` i have honoured my end of the bargain , '' lord loss says . 
 cadaver screams unintelligibly in response . 
 `` such language , '' lord loss tuts . 
 `` i am glad most of my guests are not able to understand you or their ears would sizzle . 
 i apologise , beranabus . 
 such curses should not be uttered even in this universe . '' 
 `` i 've heard worse , '' beranabus says . 
 `` usually from demons i 'm about to kill . '' 
 cadaver goes silent and shifts his attention to beranabus , eyeing him suspiciously . 
 beranabus smiles icily . 
 `` do n't worry . 
 if you answer my questions honestly - and that should be much easier now you have a mouth - i wo n't kill you . 
 my advice is to come quietly . 
 fight if you wish , but without lord loss to protect you , we both know you ca n't win . '' 
 cadaver bristles and looks at lord loss . 
 he says something low and pleading . 
 lord loss shakes his head . 
 `` no . 
 i vowed to give you a mouth and voice , and promised to protect you until that time . 
 i have acted in good faith . 
 i owe you nothing more . '' 
 cadaver sneers , then spits on the floor , putting his new mouth to good use . 
 facing beranabus , he retracts his hairs and marches towards him with pride , offering himself to the magician , hateful but resigned . 
 when cadaver is by his side , beranabus raises an eyebrow at lord loss . 
 `` go , '' the demon master says , waving at the demons round the door , who part at his command . 
 he 's smiling . 
 his eyes flicker down at art , then up at me . 
 he knows this is n't over , that there 's more miserable pleasure to be had . 
 beranabus starts towards the door . 
 `` wait , '' i stop him . 
 `` what about art ? '' 
 shark , sharmila and dervish have n't moved . 
 they 're looking at beranabus like i am , questioningly , aware of the promise he made . 
 `` there 's nothing we can do , '' beranabus says without looking back . 
 `` but you said - '' i start to protest . 
 `` that was before i knew lord loss ordered the theft , '' beranabus snaps . 
 `` i thought if the child was alive we 'd only have to pry him from cadaver . 
 but he 's the demon master 's plaything now . 
 he 's lost . 
 accept it . '' 
 `` toothy little art , '' lord loss purrs , tossing him up into the air , grey teeth exposed , red eyes narrow slits . 
 `` do you want to see what happens when i bite , art ? '' 
 `` leave him alone ! '' 
 i scream . 
 i take a step towards lord loss . 
 stop . 
 glance back at beranabus , wanting him to back me up . 
 but he does n't even turn his head . 
 as i waver , torn between wanting to save art and knowing it means death to face lord loss by myself , dervish steps up beside me . 
 `` i 'm with you , '' he says quietly , causing my eyes to fill with grateful tears . 
 `` it 's madness , '' shark says , taking up position on my other side , `` but how could i leave a couple of kids behind ? '' 
 i smile at the ex-soldier , then look hopefully at sharmila . 
 she bites her lower lip and stares at beranabus . 
 he has turned and is studying us expressionlessly . 
 sharmila hesitates , starts to smile , then shakes her head . 
 `` i am sorry , '' she whispers . 
 `` it is hopeless . 
 the first thing we learn as disciples is not to throw our lives away . 
 we have to choose our battles carefully and only fight those which we can win . '' 
 `` coward , '' shark growls . 
 `` no , '' dervish says . 
 `` it 's the sensible choice . '' 
 lord loss is beaming at us , loving this . 
 `` such brave boys , '' he murmurs , tickling art 's chin , careful not to be bitten . 
 `` i ca n't let you do this , '' beranabus says . 
 `` i need you - especially kernel . '' 
 `` you were quick enough to offer our lives a minute ago , '' shark reminds him . 
 `` but now i have what we came for - cadaver . 
 i wo n't leave you to be needlessly slaughtered . 
 i can force you to come with me . '' 
 `` i only came for art , '' i tell him . 
 `` there 's no point trying to take me . 
 even if you could , it would n't do you any good . 
 i 'd never open a window again , unless it was a window back to this place . 
 try me - see if i 'm bluffing . '' 
 beranabus sighs , then squints at lord loss . 
 `` can we do a deal for the child ? '' 
 `` perhaps , '' lord loss replies smoothly . 
 `` but i 'm not sure i want to . 
 this is far more interesting . 
 i 'm dying to see if you will really abandon them , or if you and miss mukherji will also stay and fight . '' 
 `` there 's no chance of that happening , '' beranabus says . 
 `` you are certain ? '' 
 `` aye . '' 
 `` then the pair of you can not be part of any deal , '' lord loss says , turning his attention to me . 
 he strokes art 's head softly , cooing . 
 grins , eyes alive with evil . 
 `` how much do you love your brother , cornelius ? '' 
 `` not enough to let you murder me for him , '' i reply , thinking about nadia . 
 `` you would n't give your life to save his ? '' 
 lord loss asks , surprised . 
 `` i 'd risk it , but i wo n't throw it away . '' 
 `` interesting . '' 
 lord loss purses his lips . 
 after a few moments he calls , `` vein ! '' 
 a dog-shaped demon slithers down one of the walls . 
 it looks like a black labrador with a crocodile 's head and a woman 's delicate hands instead of paws . 
 she trots over to her master and waits by the foot of the spider-shaped throne . 
 `` the board , '' lord loss says , and the demon races out of the room . 
 silence , waiting for the demon called vein to return with whatever lord loss sent her for . 
 i watch art play in the demon master 's arms , wishing i could be as ignorant of danger as my brother . 
 while i 'm thinking about that , my mind replays all that 's been said . 
 frowning , i ask , `` why did you steal art ? '' 
 `` i did n't , '' lord loss says . 
 `` cadaver took him . '' 
 `` but you told him to . 
 you hired him . 
 why ? 
 was it to get at me ? 
 did you know about my gift ? '' 
 `` what gift ? '' 
 lord loss asks . 
 `` careful , '' beranabus warns . 
 `` do n't tell him anything about yourself . '' 
 `` so it was n't because you wanted me ? '' 
 i press . 
 `` no , '' lord loss says . 
 `` i remembered you from our previous encounter , but - '' `` you 've met before ? '' 
 beranabus barks , startled . 
 `` cornelius and i are old acquaintances , '' lord loss says . 
 he smiles at me . 
 `` i guessed you would come after your brother , but i expected you to perish along the way . 
 you held no interest for me then - although you certainly do now . '' 
 `` it was n't a trap ? '' 
 `` why go to all that effort to trap a boy i barely know ? '' 
 lord loss laughs . 
 `` this gift of yours must be something very special if you think - '' `` kernel ! '' 
 beranabus barks . 
 i wave him quiet , letting him know i 'm not stupid , that i 'm taking care . 
 `` why ? '' 
 i ask again . 
 `` why steal art ? '' 
 lord loss smiles smugly . 
 `` that answer is tied in with the game i plan to let you play - assuming you 're agreeable . 
 ah , here 's vein . 
 we can begin . '' 
 i look around and see the crocodile-dog making for her master with a chess board grasped in her mouth . 
 it 's a few inches thick , made of glass or crystal . 
 beranabus ' eyes widen when he sees the board . 
 he starts towards vein , as though to take the board from her , then stops and squints at lord loss . 
 `` is that ... ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 the board . 
 the original . '' 
 `` i thought it was lost forever , deep beneath the earth . '' 
 `` no . 
 i rescued it . '' 
 `` i ca n't play chess , '' i tell lord loss . 
 `` i know some of the rules , but not all of them . '' 
 `` that 's all right , '' lord loss says , floating down from his throne , taking the board from vein , wiping the surface clear of spit and slime . 
 he looks at the black and white squares , smiling softly . 
 `` this is not a regular board . 
 it is the very first chess board , given to humans by ancient beings who came to earth from the stars . 
 it was designed for greater things than chess , and since unlocking its secrets i no longer play upon it . 
 the board is better suited to other games . 
 to battle . '' 
 `` i do n't understand , '' i frown . 
 lord loss sets the board on the floor . 
 `` size , like time , can be different here . 
 in this universe , an object can be both immense and microscopic . 
 the board is tiny in form , but enormous within . 
 it contains a variety of universes in which i can place the souls of you and your loyal friends . 
 there is no physical exit . 
 only the truth can guide you out . '' 
 lord loss holds up three arms . 
 `` you came in search of a demon thief . 
 since there are three of you , i will give you three chances to find that thief inside the board , to apprehend and name him . 
 if you do , your brother will be returned to you and you can take him home , if that is your wish . 
 otherwise you will remain trapped in the board for the remainder of your life - and that will be a long , slow , horrible life , cornelius . 
 one of unimaginable darkness and misery . '' 
 `` no , '' beranabus hisses . 
 `` you ca n't ask that of him . 
 he 's just a boy . '' 
 `` quiet ! '' 
 lord loss bellows . 
 `` you had your chance to be a participant . 
 now be silent , like any other bystander . '' 
 i stare at the demon master , confused . 
 `` i do n't get it . 
 i know who the thief is . 
 i already found him . 
 cadaver . '' 
 lord loss shrugs . 
 `` if you and your companions agree to this , i will separate your souls from your bodies - a painless process - and secure them within the board . 
 you must search for the demon thief there , just as you searched for him here . 
 i 'll give you three chances to find and name him . 
 there is no time limit , but if you name the wrong thief on three occasions , your souls will remain captive in the board . 
 you 'll live out the rest of your lives there , and those lives will last hundreds , maybe thousands , of years as you experience time . '' 
 he stops and waits for my answer . 
 i 'm still not entirely sure about the rules . 
 why would i name another demon as the thief when i know it 's cadaver ? 
 unless there will be others disguised as cadaver and i have to separate the real thief from the fakes . 
 `` what do you think ? '' 
 i ask dervish and shark . 
 `` will we have to fight ? '' 
 shark asks lord loss . 
 `` oh , yes , '' lord loss says with relish . 
 `` can we die ? '' 
 dervish frowns . 
 `` i mean , if we do n't have actual bodies ... '' `` although i 'll separate your souls from your bodies , you will retain your current forms when you enter the board , '' lord loss explains . 
 `` if you are killed during the game , your makeshift bodies will dissolve and i will gain control of your souls . '' 
 shark shrugs . 
 `` i do n't quite get all that , but i 'm still with you . 
 `` me too , '' dervish says . 
 i smile at them , then face lord loss . 
 `` ok . 
 we 'll do it . 
 but i want your word that - '' darkness . 
 silence . 
 i 'm crouched over , hands covering my head , trying to protect my face from the sizzling webs . 
 then i realise i 'm not on fire . 
 there 's no pain . 
 i relax my hands and sit up , brushing cobweb ash from my cheeks . 
 i ca n't see . 
 total blackness . 
 i reach out with my hands but do n't touch anything . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 i call , then wait for shark or dervish to respond . 
 no answer . 
 i get to my feet , stretch my hands out and start walking . 
 i count steps inside my head . 
 ten . 
 fifteen . 
 twenty . 
 fifty . 
 a hundred . 
 on my hundred and thirtieth step , my left hand brushes something soft and sticky . 
 i pause and explore with my fingers . 
 it 's a wall of webs . 
 when i try ripping through the webs , they resist . 
 `` dervish ! '' 
 i shout . 
 `` shark ! '' 
 no answers . 
 no echoes . 
 only silence . 
 walking , keeping one hand on the webby wall . 
 i come to another wall after several minutes , blocking the way ahead . 
 i turn right and follow the new wall . 
 only get twelve paces before striking another wall . 
 so i 'm either in a very long , narrow room or some sort of alley . 
 hand on the wall , i start back in the direction i came , trying hard not to panic . 
 after sixty-two paces there 's a left turn . 
 a long walk after that , the wall curving slightly . 
 then i come to the mouth of another room or alley . 
 i head down it , left hand staying in touch with the wall . 
 after twenty-two paces i come to another turning . 
 i start to follow it around to the left then pause . 
 i 've had an idea . 
 lowering my hand , i shuffle twelve paces across to the right and find the wall opposite . 
 i continue straight ahead , right hand feeling the way . 
 after thirty-six paces i come to a halt . 
 turn left . 
 walk ahead . 
 ten paces ... twelve ... twenty . 
 i stop , smiling ever so slightly . 
 i know where i am now . 
 in a maze . 
 a few seconds later , the smile fades - there 's no telling how large this maze is or where the exit might be . 
 or even if there is an exit . 
 i guess there 's only one way to find out . 
 keeping a hand on the wall , i start ahead again , further into the pitch-black , demonic maze . 
 i 'm mapping the maze inside my head . 
 i must have been here for hours . 
 trying to remember all the twists and turns i 've taken , the paces between them . 
 focusing on numbers helps me not worry so much about the darkness , the silence , being all alone with no idea of where ... the darkness . 
 i come to a stunned stop , only now realising why i find the darkness so unsettling . 
 it 's total darkness - there are n't any patches of light ! 
 for the first time in my life i 'm experiencing darkness as other people understand it . 
 the lights i 've grown up with - which i used to create windows between worlds in this universe - have disappeared . 
 a terrifying thought strikes like a missile - maybe i 'm blind ! 
 perhaps that 's why the darkness is absolute . 
 maybe lord loss burnt my eyes out of their sockets and it 's actually bright as day in here . 
 my heart thumps fast . 
 my legs go weak . 
 a life of blackness , lost in a maze , no friends to turn to for help ... maybe that 's what lord loss meant when he said i had to find and name the demon thief . 
 perhaps that 's why he was smirking . 
 he knew that blind , i would n't have any way of identifying cadaver . 
 he 's tricked me ! 
 robbed me of my sight ! 
 stranded me in this maze of eternal darkness ! 
 i moan aloud , losing hope , the map of the maze disintegrating inside my head . 
 i should have listened to beranabus . 
 what made me think i could strike a fair deal with a demon ? 
 i feel hysteria bubble up within me . 
 madness digs its claws into my brain , dragging its way to the surface . 
 magic , a voice inside me whispers . 
 use magic to create light . 
 then you 'll find out if you 're blind or not . 
 `` i do n't know how to do that , '' i whimper . 
 this is a good time to learn , the voice says drily . 
 i nod slowly . 
 the voice is right . 
 no point freaking out when my eyes might be perfectly fine . 
 i concentrate , drawing upon the magic . 
 i 'm not much good at fighting , but let 's see how i fare in other areas . 
 i imagine a ball of light , small , not too bright , like the bulb in my bedroom at home . 
 a simple ball of light - that ca n't be too much to ask for . 
 but it is . 
 i ca n't generate one . 
 or else i 've created light , but ca n't see it . 
 no , the voice says . 
 you 'd know if you had done it . 
 there is no light . 
 `` so i ca n't tell if i 'm blind or not . 
 though i do n't suppose it matters much . 
 if this darkness holds , i might as well be blind . '' 
 the voice does n't answer immediately . 
 then , as if speaking to a simpleton , it says , remember the chess board ? 
 `` what about it ? '' 
 it had black squares and white squares . 
 if those squares correspond to the worlds within the board ... '' ... then half the maze is dark and half is bright ! '' 
 i shout . 
 exactly . 
 so all you have to do is find your way to a white square . 
 then you 'll see again . 
 `` unless i 'm in a white square already and i 'm blind , '' i quibble . 
 just walk ! 
 the voice snaps . 
 stumbling through the maze . 
 i 've given up trying to keep track of my route . 
 it 's too large to map without a pen and paper -lrb- and light -rrb- . 
 i just have to keep walking and hope that i eventually find my way out by -lrb- blind -rrb- luck . 
 i think about the demon master 's castle and how familiar it seemed . 
 i wonder if i saw it that first time i crossed through a window into the universe of the demonata . 
 i guess there 's a strong possibility that i did , especially given the fact that i saw lord loss beforehand . 
 i still ca n't remember anything about that trip . 
 i try again to recall what happened when i vanished from my bedroom , where i went , if i came to lord loss ' world . 
 but it 's a blank . 
 thinking about that night reminds me of how lonely i was . 
 without the patches of light i feel lonely again , like before art came along . 
 i hated being an only child after annabella died . 
 i think i 've risked so much for my brother not just because i love him , but because i 'm afraid of being alone . 
 he 's the only true friend i 've ever had . 
 for some reason , i find myself thinking about leaving our home in the city . 
 dad tucking me down in the back seat of the car , handing art to me , covering us with a blanket , telling me to pretend we had to hide . 
 mum looking worried . 
 `` take care of your brother , kernel . 
 protect him . '' 
 then my memory cuts to art playing with the orange marbles in sally 's house . 
 holding them up , the marbles twinkling in front of his eyes . 
 i had the sense that he 'd been possessed by an evil spirit . 
 that must have been a vision of what was to come . 
 if art remains with lord loss , and the demon master keeps him alive , will he raise him like one of his familiars ? 
 give him evil powers ? 
 bring him up to be monstrous ... to kill ? 
 the marbles are still in my pocket . 
 i pull one out to have something to touch that is n't a webby wall . 
 i roll it between my fingers , careful not to drop it . 
 it helps calm me down . 
 a pity i ca n't see - i could play a game with the marbles if i had some light . 
 as i think that , i feel magic seep through my fingers into the marble - and it starts to glow ! 
 a soft orange light . 
 i gasp and clutch my fingers tight around it , scared my mind is playing tricks , not wanting to be disappointed . 
 staring down at the space where i imagine my hand to be . 
 slowly , hesitantly , i allow my fingers to loosen - and light flashes through the cracks ! 
 with a burst of relief , i thrust my hand up and let more magic explode into the marble . 
 it flares to life , causing my eyelids to snap shut . 
 i pull back some of the power , then open my lids slowly , not looking directly at the marble . 
 i can see ! 
 i must have been in a black square of the maze all along , as my inner voice suggested . 
 not that sight is much of a bonus here . 
 all i see are webby walls and a floor . 
 several feet above me hangs the ceiling , a mass of black webs , impossible to see through . 
 i smile weakly , gazing at the orange marble throwing off the light , feeling more grateful to it than i ever thought possible . 
 i mean , how many people can say their lives have been enriched by a marble ! 
 then , because i ca n't stand here gazing at the marble all day like it 's some godly artefact , i bring my hand down , hold it slightly ahead of me to light my path , and continue working my way through the seemingly endless maze . 
 not long after . 
 making my way down a narrow path much like any other , when i hear a sound somewhere ahead and to the left . 
 i pause , listening carefully . 
 nothing for a few seconds . 
 but then it comes again , a soft ripping noise , then giggling . 
 i advance cautiously , dimming the orange light . 
 i think about letting it go out completely , but then not only would n't the person or creature around the corner not be able to see me - i would n't be able to see them . 
 i pause at the corner . 
 listen closely . 
 more ripping sounds . 
 an occasional giggle . 
 i think about calling dervish or shark 's name . 
 dismiss the idea - i never heard dervish or shark giggle like that . 
 i cup my fingers round the marble , directing the light upwards . 
 step forward , around the corner . 
 it takes my eyes a second to adjust . 
 then i make out a small shape sitting by the wall to my right , maybe fifteen feet ahead of me . 
 a baby . 
 pulling at the webs , tearing handfuls out of the wall , eating them . 
 `` art ! '' 
 i shout , letting the light brighten and my fingers drop . 
 the baby whirls and of course it is n't my brother . 
 i knew as soon as the shout left my lips that it was n't . 
 it 's the same general size as art , but green , with lice for hair , fire in its eye sockets and small mouths in the palms of its hands - the first demon i saw when i came to lord loss ' world . 
 the hell-child spits out a mouthful of webs and hisses at me . 
 i glare at him , hating him for not being art , for raising my hopes and then dashing them . 
 not afraid . 
 despite the fact that i 'm not much of a fighter , i 'm confident that i can take this demon . 
 he ran once already , which makes me suspect he 's not the bravest of his kind . 
 `` come here , '' i mutter , stepping towards the hell-child , thinking he might know the way out . 
 the demon shows his teeth and takes his own menacing step forward . 
 but then he hesitates , glances around and darts away . 
 i grin viciously . 
 i 'm through being meek kernel fleck , unable to take care of himself . 
 it 's time for payback . 
 with a wild whoop of abandonment , i give chase . 
 i race through the maze , hot on the demon 's heels , reckless with excitement . 
 taking corners without slowing , i bounce off the webby walls more than once , stick for a few seconds , then tear myself free . 
 the hell-child squeals as he runs . 
 that goads me on , makes me eager to catch up with him . 
 the loneliness and uncertainty have vanished . 
 the chase is everything . 
 i almost catch the demon a couple of times , when he hits walls and sticks to them . 
 but he pulls free each time and escapes . 
 his back and shoulders are covered in webs . 
 i 'm caked with them too , but i do n't stop to wipe them away . 
 the demon disappears round a corner to my right . 
 when i turn , i see we 're at the start of an extra long path , and at the end of it ... light ! 
 too soon to tell if it 's daylight or the light of a fire . 
 maybe it 's the glow of some demon . 
 but i race towards it regardless , focusing more on the light than the hell-child now , anxious to leave the darkness behind . 
 almost at the end of the path . 
 i can tell now that the light is coming from overhead and it seems to be widespread . 
 a dull , yellowish light . 
 the hell-child darts out of the maze and off to the left , out of sight . 
 i 'm at the exit a few seconds later . 
 i pause before stepping out , in case it 's a trap . 
 i let the light of the marble fade , then replace it in my pocket . 
 i flex my fingers - nervous now i 've stopped - and cautiously nudge out . 
 a rocky landscape . 
 there are lots of hills and mounds , and steam spurts out of the ground in many places . 
 the stench of sulphur is thick in the air . 
 in the near distance runs a river of bubbling lava . 
 i know what it is because i 've been to museums and seen videos of volcanic eruptions . 
 i ca n't see the source of the river , but it ca n't be far away , since the lava 's red-hot and liquid , flowing swiftly . 
 i spot the hell-child running towards the river . 
 i 'd like to explore , but i 've got to maintain my focus and keep up the chase . 
 perhaps the demon knows where dervish and shark are , or cadaver . 
 maybe he 's cadaver in disguise ! 
 the hell-child reaches the river of lava and stops . 
 turns and faces me . 
 squealing louder than ever , head thrown back . 
 i close in on him , ready for him to break left or right , trying to outguess him . 
 the demon stops squealing and glares at me . 
 he looks like he plans to attack , but then , surprising me , he takes a step back - on to the river of lava . 
 steam rises from the demon 's feet , and seconds later they burst into flames . 
 but the hell-child only laughs and blows on them , extinguishing the fire . 
 with a grin at me , he skips across the forty or fifty feet width of the river , jumping off at the other side , only the top of his head visible now . 
 i stop at the lava 's edge . 
 the heat is incredible . 
 i feel my skin redden . 
 i use magic to cool it , but even with the help of magic it 's hard to bear . 
 i stare at the lava uncertainly . 
 if the hell-child was able to skip across , i probably can too . 
 but what if i ca n't ? 
 what if my magic fails me ? 
 if i venture out on to the lava , and things take a turn for the worse , i 'm finished . 
 this body will rot away and lord loss will imprison my soul . 
 trying to work up the courage to test the lava . 
 i look left and right , in case there 's some other way to cross , like a bridge or tunnel - but there 's nothing . 
 the river stretches as far as i can see in both directions . 
 as i 'm looking around , my eyes flick up to see what the sky is like . 
 but instead of a sky , i find myself gazing at the hideous face of lord loss ! 
 it 's huge , filling my entire field of vision . 
 he 's laughing , though i ca n't hear him . 
 i freeze , horrified by his immense red eyes , the pores and cracks in his skin , which look like moon craters and valleys when magnified to this extent . 
 then he pulls back and beranabus replaces him . 
 he 's almost as ugly when seen from this perspective . 
 searing heat . 
 i scream and thrash , splashing lava up into the air . 
 i go under , immersed in the fiery liquid , feeling it fill my mouth , nose , ears , burning away the soft flesh of my lips and ear lobes , destroying my eyelids , setting to work on the jelly-like globes of my eyes . 
 i come up . 
 spit out lava . 
 scream again , tongue crackling , throat pinched tight , sizzling eyes wide with terror . 
 i do n't try using magic to protect myself . 
 panic has taken over . 
 i 'm helpless . 
 caught by the river . 
 lost . 
 i start to sink . 
 my legs kick out automatically , like when i 'm swimming , to keep my head up . 
 gasping for air . 
 i feel my toes burning away , and the acid of the lava eats its way through the wall of my stomach . 
 a few more seconds and it 'll all be over . 
 i 'll just be scraps of flesh and bone smeared across the surface of the river - then nothing . 
 i hear a shout to my left , but i 'm not able to look round . 
 i 'm going under . 
 no lower legs left to kick with . 
 bones are showing through the flesh of my fingers . 
 the skin of my throat is peeling back like burning paper . 
 then hands snake around the remains of my chest and i 'm hauled out of the lava . 
 my lidless eyes focus blearily . 
 it 's a woman , her face contorted by my ruined eyes . 
 she 's yelling , but my ears are full of lava . 
 i ca n't hear what she 's saying . 
 the woman pulls what 's left of me free of the river and races with me to the bank , dumping me on hard , cold land . 
 falls beside me , her feet and shins on fire . 
 she slaps at the flames , then stops , stares , quenches them with magic . 
 i 'm bubbling away to nothing beside her , covered with lava that 's still eating through my flesh . 
 when the woman has put out her own flames , she turns her attention to me . 
 shouts the words of a spell and waves a hand over me . 
 the lava explodes off me in splatters , out of my nose , mouth and ears . 
 i take an unbelievably welcome breath of air , then cry out my agony to the world . 
 `` kernel ! '' 
 the woman yells . 
 `` you have to help me ! 
 the damage is too great - i ca n't repair it by myself . '' 
 i 'm gasping like a dying fish , unable to respond . 
 i never thought there could be so much pain this side of death . 
 the woman casts another spell . 
 a cool wave washes through me , numbing me to the worst of the torment . 
 i draw back from the brink of pain-fuelled insanity . 
 lay my head down , moaning weakly instead of screaming madly . 
 `` use magic , '' the woman urges me . 
 `` help yourself . 
 restore the flesh that 's been burnt away . 
 it 'll hurt like hell , but you have to do it . '' 
 i want to say that i ca n't , i 'm too weary and do n't know the spells . 
 but my incinerated vocal cords and lips wo n't let me form the words . 
 annoyed , i try to fix the damage , so i can tell the woman i 'm finished . 
 magic flows to the areas which i 've targeted and cells knit together in response to my command . 
 as my lips return , bloody and stinging , but workable , i start to complain . 
 then i realise - the fact i can complain proves i have the power to heal myself . 
 so instead of whinging , i set to work on the rest of my wrecked body . 
 it takes several minutes , and is every bit as painful as the woman predicted , but eventually , i 'm almost whole again , scorched and blackened from the heat , pink new flesh glistening sorely in the yellow light , scarred around the places where i 've had to create fresh flesh and bones , tender as ... well , as somebody who 'd been dunked in a river of lava ! 
 but i 'm alive and mostly in one piece . 
 smiling painfully , i lift my face to thank the woman who came to my rescue . 
 i 'm expecting sharmila - i figure she could n't stand by and watch me die , so she entered the board to save me - but the face my new eyes fix on is much younger and paler than the indian lady 's . 
 but just as familiar . 
 `` nadia ! '' 
 i gasp . 
 she stares at me with an angry but wary expression . 
 `` you should have been prepared for an attack . 
 you fell too easily . 
 it would have served you right if i 'd left you . '' 
 `` but you 're dead ! '' 
 i cry . 
 she laughs . 
 `` then you have a ghost to thank . '' 
 she stands and looks into the distance . 
 `` dervish is on his way . 
 i was leading him to you when i sensed you fall into the lava . '' 
 she starts to walk away . 
 `` wait ! 
 i do n't understand ! 
 i saw you die . 
 how can you be here ? '' 
 she hesitates and looks up . 
 following the direction of her gaze , i see that the sky is hazy now , cutting off my view of lord loss and beranabus . 
 `` you must not tell him , '' nadia says quietly . 
 `` tell who what ? '' 
 i frown . 
 `` beranabus . 
 that i 'm alive . '' 
 she faces me and now she wears a cool , flat look . 
 `` i had enough of it , kernel . 
 he treated me like scum , using me any way he wished . 
 i had no freedom or say over my life . 
 so i decided to trade allegiances and go where i 'd be appreciated and rewarded . '' 
 `` you mean ... ? '' 
 i ca n't bring myself to say it . 
 `` i joined lord loss , '' she whispers . 
 `` i spoke to him secretly when we arrived at his castle . 
 told him of my gift . 
 promised to serve him if he 'd allow me a few simple pleasures and some time to myself . '' 
 `` but he 's a demon ! '' 
 i shout . 
 `` they kill humans ! '' 
 `` yes , '' she answers smoothly . 
 i gawp at her , unable to believe it . 
 she shifts uneasily and looks away . 
 `` beranabus ca n't see us now . 
 he 'll never know i 'm alive . 
 unless you tell him . '' 
 `` but lord loss is our enemy . 
 you - '' `` i saved your life ! '' 
 she snaps . 
 `` i did n't have to . 
 i could have left you to sink . '' 
 `` why did you save me ? '' 
 i ask softly . 
 `` because i like you . '' 
 she laughs and there are tears in her eyes . 
 `` i like all of you - except beranabus . 
 i hate him , with good reason . 
 but i do n't wish harm to anyone else . 
 i came here to hide . 
 lord loss separated my soul before destroying my body - or most of it . 
 he kept my brain and heart whole . 
 he can put my flesh and bones back together around them later , and restore my soul from here . 
 when i felt you and the others enter the board , i asked lord loss if i could help you . 
 he said i could , but only once . 
 so this is it . 
 you 're on your own now . '' 
 `` nadia ... you must n't do this . 
 lord loss is evil . 
 if you stay with him , he might ask you to do evil things . '' 
 `` i 'm certain he will . '' 
 she shrugs . 
 `` but i no longer care . 
 i 've been apart from humans so long , i do n't feel like i have anything in common with them . 
 this might be the last decent act i ever perform . 
 but i 'm fine with that . 
 if i 'm to become like the demonata ... like my new master ... '' she draws herself up straight , blinking the tears away , eyes flashing . 
 `` so be it . '' 
 `` nadia ... '' i try again , but she stops me . 
 `` i saved your life , kernel . 
 in return , i 'd like you to keep my secret and tell no one i 'm alive . 
 i ca n't make you promise , but i 'll be disappointed if you betray me . '' 
 `` i wo n't tell , '' i mutter . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 she smiles awkwardly , but it quickly fades . 
 `` one last warning . 
 if you escape this board and our paths cross in the future , we 'll be on different sides . 
 do n't expect me to ever help you again . '' 
 with that , she turns , raises her face to the sky , extends her arms , then turns into a beautiful , swan-like demon . 
 as i watch , she gracefully rises and glides away , picking up speed , soaring higher and higher , until she 's only a speck against the skyline ... then gone . 
 dervish arrives some time later . 
 i 'm lying in the same spot , still in agony , using magic to make little changes and tweaks . 
 as dervish fusses over me , i tell him about the attack and my fall , but claim i pulled myself out and patched my body together unassisted . 
 i do n't mention nadia . 
 `` can you stand ? '' 
 dervish asks , fanning his face , sweating from the heat of the river . 
 `` i do n't think so , '' i croak . 
 `` how about levitate ? '' 
 i manage a chuckle . 
 `` i 'm not beranabus . 
 i ca n't fly . '' 
 `` then i 'm going to pick you up , '' he says . 
 `` we need to get away from here . 
 i 'll be as gentle as possible . 
 ready ? '' 
 i nod , gritting my teeth so i do n't cry out too loudly when he touches me . 
 as carefully as he can , dervish sneaks one arm under my neck , the other beneath my knees , and lifts . 
 it 's not as bad as i thought , but i ca n't stop myself from gasping and shutting my newly grown eyelids against the pain . 
 `` sorry , '' dervish says , then hobbles away from the lava , carrying me like a baby . 
 resting behind a hill , sheltered from the heat of the river . 
 i 'm still working on my body , using magic to undo the damage and smooth over the cracks . 
 make sure all my bones are solid . 
 regrow fingernails and fingerprints . 
 separate my toes . 
 try to get my ears the right shape . 
 let warm energy circulate through my legs , strengthening them , knowing i 'll have to get up soon and walk . 
 no more faces in the sky . 
 just a ceiling of yellow light . 
 i asked dervish about them , but he did n't see lord loss or beranabus . 
 he 'd been wandering like me , but in this zone of light , not darkness . 
 then he spotted a white , winged demon . 
 since it seemed to be the only living creature , he followed it until it vanished . 
 having no better plan , he kept going in the same direction - and found me . 
 `` where do you think shark is ? '' 
 i ask . 
 dervish shrugs . 
 `` he could be anywhere . 
 i 've no idea how large this place is . '' 
 i tell him my idea , that it 's laid out like a chess board , thirty-two dark areas , thirty-two light zones . 
 dervish had n't thought of that . 
 `` i think you 're right , '' he says . 
 `` but we 've no way of working out the size of each square . '' 
 `` did you find any water ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` i 'm thirsty . '' 
 `` do n't think about it , '' he advises . 
 `` you can keep thirst and hunger at bay , like sleep . 
 your body will do almost anything you tell it here . '' 
 he strokes his spikes of hair , stiff and upright again , a few inches longer than before . 
 he 's putting on a brave front , but i can see he 's terrified . 
 he 's not much older or more experienced than me . 
 he 's never been in a situation like this . 
 he 's acting grown-up , but i bet - like me - he 'd give anything to have somebody to turn to for help . 
 `` we need a plan , '' i say , wanting to make things a bit easier for dervish . 
 `` we ca n't just stagger around , waiting to be attacked . 
 we should have a purpose . '' 
 `` getting the hell out of here would be a good start , '' dervish mutters . 
 `` yes , but lord loss said we could only get out if i found and named the demon thief . 
 first , i think we should find shark . 
 then we can try to figure out a way to unearth cadaver . '' 
 dervish nods . 
 `` that sounds good . 
 but how will we look for shark ? 
 just pick a direction at random ? '' 
 i suppose ... `` but what if we 're in a square at one end of the board and he 's in a square at the opposite end ? '' 
 `` then it 'll be a long walk . '' 
 dervish laughs . 
 `` what else can we do ? '' 
 i ask . 
 dervish frowns . 
 `` maybe one of the demons could lead us to him - the hell-child or the winged monster . '' 
 he walks around to the other side of the hill to look for them . 
 returns a minute later , shaking his head . 
 `` there will be others , '' i say . 
 `` lord loss wo n't want to watch us walk around in circles for too long . 
 that would be boring . 
 i bet he 'll send lots of demons to attack us . '' 
 `` great . '' 
 dervish does n't sound too optimistic . 
 `` i could use the patches of light to find shark , except there are n't any here . 
 the board is n't like the outside universes . 
 the rules are different . '' 
 dervish chuckles . 
 `` from one universe of insanity to another . '' 
 `` maybe i could ... '' i stop and dig the marbles out of my pocket , remembering how i used one to create light in the maze of darkness . 
 `` what are those ? '' 
 dervish asks . 
 `` marbles . 
 my brother was playing with them before he was kidnapped . '' 
 `` oh . 
 i was hoping they were some sort of magical globes . '' 
 `` maybe they are ... or can be . '' 
 i tell him about the maze , how i tried to create light but could n't , until i got one of the marbles out . 
 `` but we do n't need light here , '' dervish says . 
 `` thanks for pointing out the obvious , '' i snap . 
 `` what i meant was , if i could use a marble as a torch , maybe i could use it as some other instrument . 
 like a compass or a tracking device ? '' 
 dervish looks sceptical but says , `` well , go on , give it a try . '' 
 i study the orange marbles and again find myself thinking of that night in sally 's house , art holding them up over his eyes . 
 shutting the image out , i focus on thoughts of shark , asking the marbles to lead me to him . 
 nothing happens immediately , but then dervish gasps and leans in closer . 
 the orange swirls at the heart of the marbles have turned mistlike , and through the mist we can see shark , battling demons , his hands wet with blood . 
 `` where is he ? '' 
 dervish cries . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 i try to bring the land around shark into clearer focus but ca n't . 
 abandoning that tactic , i let the pictures of him fade and ask the marbles to guide us to him . 
 they quiver in the palm of my hand , then leap into the air like jumping beans . 
 i cringe away from them . 
 dervish does too . 
 but when they just hang there , we recover and grin at each other . 
 i get to my feet , dervish helping me . 
 pain flares afresh , but i use magic to fight it . 
 then i focus on the marbles , still hanging in the air above us . 
 `` shark , '' i say quietly , directing my magic towards the marbles . 
 they dart off ahead of me at a furious speed , twin bolts of orange lightning . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 i shout . 
 they come to a halt , hovering in the air like bees . 
 i glance at dervish and he claps slowly . 
 we march slowly but steadily , saying little , following the marbles . 
 i try to keep track of time and distance , but it 's impossible . 
 sometimes , i wish a demon would attack , just to break the monotony , but we see none of lord loss ' familiars . 
 we ca n't even sleep - our bodies get weary , but we ca n't shut off our brains . 
 eventually , we come to a point where two enormous black panels meet at a ninety degree angle and run up to the roof of yellowish sky . 
 the panels are several feet wide and half a foot thick . 
 they stand alone in the rocky surroundings , eerily out of place . 
 `` have you seen the film 2001 : a space odyssey ? '' 
 dervish asks after a minute of silence . 
 `` no . 
 why ? '' 
 `` this reminds me of it . '' 
 he walks round the black pillars , squinting at them , then says in a curiously flat voice , `` good morning , dave . '' 
 `` who 's dave ? '' 
 dervish laughs . 
 `` does n't matter . '' 
 he looks at me , eyebrow cocked . 
 `` what do you think they are ? '' 
 `` a place where four squares of the board meet . '' 
 `` me too . 
 but why just these weird slivers of black ? 
 i would have expected walls stretching the entire length of the boundaries . '' 
 `` why do n't we step through one and see ? 
 i mean , we 'll have to anyway , since the marbles were heading that way . '' 
 the marbles stopped when we did , and now hang a few inches short of the black panel on our left . 
 `` let 's try the right panel first , '' dervish suggests . 
 `` just for the hell of it . '' 
 `` ok . '' 
 i pick the marbles out of the air and put them in my pocket . 
 dervish tests the panel , sticking a hand through to make sure we can pass . 
 `` it 's ok , '' he says . 
 `` we - '' suddenly , with a startled grunt , he disappears , hauled through the panel by something on the other side . 
 i scream his name . 
 when there 's no response , i dart into the darkness after him . 
 it 's not pitch-black like the maze , but very dark . 
 i get glimpses of a demon wrapping itself round dervish . 
 tentacles covered in long , glistening blades , slicing away at dervish , cutting him open , blood flying in every direction . 
 i jam my hand into my trouser pocket . 
 yank out both marbles . 
 scream a word of magic at them , the word coming from somewhere deep inside me . 
 light flares , sharp and fierce in its orange brightness . 
 i yell another word of magic as the light bursts forth , directing all the rays towards the demon . 
 the demon shrieks with pain from the explosion of light . 
 it has dozens of eyes , a necessity in this dark kingdom , but a handicap when strong light 's trained on it . 
 with another agonised cry , it releases dervish and hurls itself away , sheltering its eyes with its tentacles . 
 i grab dervish and throw him back through the panel , which is white on this side . 
 then i reverse out after him , at the last possible second commanding the marbles to follow , stepping through at the same time as they slip out of the dark zone , so i do n't lose track of them . 
 dervish is on the volcanic floor , healing his wounds with magic , angry for being caught out so easily . 
 `` thanks , '' he mutters . 
 `` do n't worry about it . '' 
 i squat next to him . 
 `` can i help ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i 'll be fine once i patch myself up . '' 
 `` a few of your spikes were cut off , '' i tell him , tapping his head . 
 `` maybe i 'd be better off bald like you , '' he laughs , then makes the hair grow back to its proper length . 
 when he 's healed himself , he stands , checks for any cuts he might have missed , then warily faces the other black panel . 
 `` there could be a similar monster through there . 
 or worse . '' 
 i say nothing . 
 i want to volunteer to go ahead of him , to test the waters , but i 'm afraid . 
 sheepishly hoping dervish will take the lead . 
 dervish breathes out through his nose , then glances at me . 
 `` ready to save my bacon again ? '' 
 `` if i have to , '' i chuckle then give the order for the marbles to lead us to shark . 
 they float through the panel into blackness . 
 we follow . 
 space . 
 freezing emptiness . 
 not even air . 
 a moment of complete dizziness and suffocating panic . 
 then instinct makes me surround myself with a force field of warmth and air . 
 dervish has done the same and is floating beside me , staring around with happy wonder . 
 his mouth moves , but i ca n't hear what he 's saying . 
 i point to my ears and shake my head . 
 he tries again , then makes a tube of air grow from his force field to mine . 
 when it touches , he speaks and this time i hear him . 
 `` i always wanted to be a spaceman , like flash gordon . 
 it was my dream . '' 
 `` me too , '' i smile . 
 `` except i wanted to be a real astronaut , like neil armstrong or buzz aldrin . 
 walk on the moon . '' 
 `` it 's bizarre , is n't it ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 like when we were on top of the cloud , but stranger . '' 
 dervish does a slow somersault . 
 it looks graceful at first , but he ca n't stop and keeps tumbling over and over . 
 he yells for help , but i 'm laughing too much at the freewheeling punk . 
 finally , he finds his balance , rights himself and glares at me . 
 `` thanks for the help ! '' 
 `` do it again , '' i coo . 
 `` whirl for me , dervish , whirl ! '' 
 `` i 'll whirl my foot up your ass , '' he grumbles , then looks for the marbles . 
 `` let 's go find shark . '' 
 `` ok . 
 but if you want to try your hand at gymnastics again , i 'll be more than happy to - '' `` keep it up , '' he growls . 
 `` keep it up ! '' 
 laughing , i give the marbles their freedom and we drift forward again , leaving behind a pair of small white panels , glowing softly in the vacuum of sterile space . 
 i was wrong about this space being sterile . 
 though there do n't seem to be any planets , the marbles eventually lead us towards a demon of unbelievable size . 
 it 's one of the vast sky demons . 
 from the ground they looked huge , but up here it goes beyond words like massive and immense . 
 this one must be hundreds of miles long , fifty or sixty high , a comet-sized , slug-like demon , drifting through the void of space in search of ... what ? 
 demons to kill and devour ? 
 foes to fight ? 
 a world to settle on ? 
 dervish and i pause when the marbles home in on the demon . 
 we look at each other bleakly . 
 `` if that thing spots us ... '' dervish whispers . 
 `` we 're too small , '' i whisper back , even though there 's no need - sound ca n't carry in space , so we should be able to speak as loudly as we like . 
 `` it wo n't bother with a couple of ants like us . '' 
 `` unless it enjoys squashing ants . '' 
 we want to pull back , detour around it or wait for it to pass . 
 but the marbles keep tugging after the demon , urging us to follow . 
 since we 've no other option , we glide after them as they lead us ever closer to the terrifying behemoth . 
 we come up underneath the monster 's bulging stomach , which looks more like rock than flesh . 
 the marbles pause next to the stomach wall . 
 i get the sense they want to penetrate the demon 's crusty shell . 
 but then they take a turn and lead us forward , towards the creature 's head . 
 half an hour later , we float up from beneath the demon 's gigantic lower jaw . 
 i 'm worried that , this close , the monster ca n't help but see us . 
 but there 's no evidence of any eyes . 
 either they 're set much higher up its face or it 's blind . 
 but there 's definitely a mouth , running like a ridged valley from one side of the head to the other . 
 lips parted , teeth the size of large houses set in the rocky gums at irregular intervals . 
 a tongue crawling with scores of smaller , parasitical demons , feeding on the remains of whatever this monster eats . 
 and amidst those demons , fighting for his life - shark . 
 the warrior is in poor shape . 
 these demons are weak compared with some of the others we 've fought , small in size and power . 
 but there are hundreds of them and they keep coming at him , fresh scavengers replacing the dead almost as soon as they 've fallen . 
 they 're like tiny piranha bringing down a mighty ox . 
 `` shark ! '' 
 dervish bellows , but of course he ca n't hear . 
 dervish looks sideways at me , tilting his head instead of asking the question outright . 
 `` i 'm ready if you are , '' i tell him , though my stomach 's tight with nerves . 
 `` if the giant closes its mouth , i do n't know if we could get out . 
 maybe only one of us should - '' `` do n't tempt me , '' i stop him . 
 `` you and shark risked everything to help me . 
 it 's only fair i do the same in return . 
 so do n't give me the option of cutting out on you now . 
 i 'm afraid i might take it . '' 
 dervish grins . 
 `` then let 's go for a dip in the mouth of moby dick ! '' 
 cavernous . 
 no smells or sounds . 
 just the spectacle of legions of vicious demons wriggling over and around one another to take turns attacking the lonely but resilient shark . 
 they spot us when we enter . 
 dozens peel away from the main assault and hurl themselves at us . 
 small , furry , dark demons , like tumbleweed with claws and fangs . 
 we swat them aside without slowing . 
 we 've come too far and seen too much to be scared by these hangers-on . 
 shark glances up as we close in on him . 
 his eyes are distant and i see that he thinks we 're another couple of demons . 
 he aims a fist at me , but i stop out of range . 
 dervish dips lower , trying to direct a tube of air at shark so they can communicate . 
 but shark must think it 's a tendril or tongue . 
 he ducks , throws demons at dervish , edges away from him , further back from the mouth . 
 i flash on an image of what would happen if the monster swallows now . 
 quickly try to purge my mind of it . 
 i slip behind shark and send out a tube of my own , all the time battling the demons . 
 shark spots the tube , dodges it , then leaps , hands outstretched , intent on throttling me . 
 dervish flies forward and collides with shark . 
 they crash into me and our limbs get entangled . 
 now that we 're touching , sharing our force fields , we can hear shark . 
 he 's screaming madly , vile curses , words that make no sense , desperation and isolation thick in his throat . 
 `` shark ! '' 
 dervish roars . 
 `` it 's us ! 
 dervish and kernel ! 
 we 've come to rescue you . 
 stop fighting . 
 we can get you out of here . '' 
 shark screams in response , raises a large tattooed fist to pound dervish flat , then pauses , faint lines of realisation rippling across his face . 
 `` it 's really us , shark , '' i tell him . 
 `` this is n't a trick . 
 we came for you . '' 
 `` impossible , '' he croaks . 
 `` how could you get here ? 
 you 're illusions . 
 lord loss sent you to torment me with hope . '' 
 `` do n't be a dope , '' dervish snaps . 
 `` could any illusion look this good ? '' 
 shark blinks - then grins . 
 `` how ? '' 
 he whispers . 
 `` how did you find me ? '' 
 `` we used magic . '' 
 `` but it 's empty space out there . '' 
 `` so ? '' 
 `` you mean ... all this time ... i could have left ? 
 i was n't trapped ? 
 i did n't have to spend months ... years ... whatever ... fighting these horrible furballs ? '' 
 `` nope , '' dervish says lightly . 
 shark 's expression darkens . 
 he grabs one of the demons and rips it to pieces , then uses its fur to wipe blood from his face . 
 when he tosses the rag away , his features are composed . 
 he sniffs as if what 's happened is no big deal . 
 `` so much for the tour , '' he says casually . 
 `` let 's go find a bar . '' 
 laughing , dervish pats shark on the back , points him towards the open mouth and guides him out of the maw of the monster , away from the gnashing teeth of the furious furry creatures , into the empty depths of darkest , coldest space . 
 floating , the monster having drifted on , we tell shark about our adventures and theory that we 're in a chess board-shaped universe of thirty-two different zones . 
 he listens quietly , distracted , looking around twitchily . 
 sighs when we finish , then says softly , `` thanks for coming . '' 
 `` we need you , '' dervish says . 
 `` for what ? '' 
 shark snorts . 
 `` you were doing fine without me . 
 you figured this place out and dealt with it . 
 all i did was stay where i had something solid underfoot . 
 i thought that was going to be the rest of my life , that mouth and those demons . 
 part of me wanted to surrender and let them ... '' he shivers , looking very different from the shark i first met . 
 the fight has drained him of much of his confidence and strength . 
 i want to say something to make him feel better , but dervish speaks before i can put my words together . 
 `` i think lord loss knows you 're the strongest of us . 
 he wanted to break you , wear you down and kill you off , so you could n't help kernel . 
 that 's why he stuck you in the bleakest spot he could find and did all he could to destroy you . 
 but he failed . 
 you 're alive . 
 you survived where any other would have perished . 
 so forget the self-pity . 
 you had it tough , you dealt with it - now move on , soldier . '' 
 shark laughs . 
 `` nice speech . '' 
 `` but true , '' dervish adds . 
 `` maybe . '' 
 shark 's laugh turns to a chuckle . 
 `` i guess i 'm not cut out to suffer nobly , am i ? '' 
 `` no . 
 you 've had your few minutes of moping - now put them behind you and let 's work on getting out of this place and finding that bar you mentioned . '' 
 shark grunts and faces me , recovering in the blink of an eye . 
 i wish i had skin as thick as his , that i could go from the depths of despair to normality in the space of a few heartbeats . 
 `` are those marbles still working ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` i guess . '' 
 `` think you can use them to find this thief of yours ? '' 
 `` possibly . '' 
 nothing happens when i ask the marbles to lead me to the demon thief . 
 so i ask them to find cadaver instead , and they immediately set off , guiding us through the vastness of space . 
 we 'd be lost without the marbles . 
 impossible to tell up from down in this void . 
 we could n't even find our way back to the panels we came through . 
 i wonder if lord loss knew about the marbles when he sent us here . 
 perhaps we have an advantage he did n't count on . 
 after what feels like less than a day we come to a pair of white panels . 
 the marbles hesitate , then split , one going left , one right . 
 i stop them before they slip through . 
 glance at dervish and shark for their opinions . 
 `` looks like it does n't matter which way we go , '' dervish says . 
 `` but cadaver ca n't be in two zones at once , can he ? '' 
 shark frowns . 
 `` maybe he 's straddling them , '' dervish suggests . 
 `` a foot in each world . '' 
 `` or maybe the marbles are trying to split us up , '' shark says suspiciously . 
 `` we do n't know where their power comes from . 
 this might be the work of lord loss - he separates us , throws us together , then splits us up again . '' 
 `` i doubt it , '' dervish says . 
 `` anyway , if that 's the case , it 's easy to outfox him - we just do n't part . 
 we go through one panel together . 
 kernel , which do you prefer ? '' 
 i shrug . 
 `` i 've no idea . '' 
 `` then let 's go left , '' dervish decides . 
 when neither of us objects , he moves to a spot just behind me , shark slides up in front , and in a close line we follow the marbles through the panel , into a new zone of fresh horrors . 
 guts everywhere . 
 every sort of inner organ imaginable . 
 stacked in piles , splattered around in pieces , some draping off trees of bone . 
 a foul stench . 
 the ground beneath our feet slippery with blood , mucous and all sorts of slime . 
 i choke from the stench , vomit spewing out of my mouth . 
 dervish and shark are the same . 
 all three of us on our knees , vomiting , clutching our noses shut , gasping for air . 
 demons are slithering through the mass of guts , ripping them apart , bathing in the blood and goo , feeding greedily . 
 most are worm-like , some as short as caterpillars , others several feet long . 
 they 're blind . 
 they carry on shredding and guzzling , ignorant of our presence . 
 one slides over the back of my legs , sniffs at me , decides there are richer pickings elsewhere and moves on . 
 `` magic ! '' 
 dervish gasps , eyes red and watery . 
 `` create a. . . 
 field ... like in ... the last place ! '' 
 it 's hard to focus . 
 the magic does n't come easily here . 
 the stench is foul , but it is n't fatal , so my body does n't automatically generate a magical force field . 
 after a minute or two of fumbling , i construct a weak field of air around my face . 
 it 's not as strong as the field i created in space , and some of the smell seeps through , but it blocks out the worst and allows me to breathe normally . 
 shark finds it more difficult than dervish or me . 
 his magic is n't designed for subtle spells . 
 with dervish 's help , he manages to create half a field around the front of his face , but it soon flickers out of existence . 
 in the end he curses , rips a sleeve off his shirt and wraps it round his mouth and nose . 
 for shark , that 's as good as it 's going to get . 
 `` let 's backtrack , '' dervish says , nodding at the black panels behind us . 
 `` try the other panel . 
 it ca n't be any worse than - '' `` wait , '' i stop him . 
 the marbles have darted forward and are hovering above a pile of pink and brown intestines . 
 the guts heave upwards regularly , then subside , as though the pile is breathing . 
 there must be a demon underneath , feasting on the guts , burrowing through them like a rat . 
 i advance slowly , digging my toes into the soft ground so i do n't slip , only now realising that it is n't really ground , simply a floor of guts . 
 maybe we 're inside the stomach of a huge demon like the sky monster . 
 if so , i hate to think of where we might have to pass through to get out ! 
 i 'm almost level with the base of the pile when the guts on top are thrust off . 
 a demon sticks its head out of the mess and happily shakes it hard from side to side . 
 a green head , a cross between a human 's and a dog 's , with long draping ears and wide , white eyes . 
 `` cadaver ! '' 
 i roar , startling the demon . 
 when his eyes focus on me , he snarls , claws himself out of the pile of guts and scrabbles away across the floor of intestines . 
 `` after him ! '' 
 shark yells , words muffled by his mask . 
 he bounds over the pile of guts , slips and slides into a filthy pool of green and brown liquid . 
 comes up vomiting again , tearing his mask loose , wheezing for air . 
 dervish darts to shark 's aid while i jog after cadaver , not too fast , knowing it 's better to go slow and keep my balance than speed up and slip as shark did . 
 with his long legs and hairy feet - the hairs acting as grips - cadaver soon pulls away from me , weaving around mounds of guts and leaping over murky , bubbling pools of blood and waste . 
 i do n't worry about losing track of him - the marbles are hot on his trail , obeying my orders , dogging the demon . 
 cadaver treads on one of the longer worm-like monsters . 
 it squeals and writhes beneath him , knocking him over . 
 he screeches with his newly created mouth , hairs on his arms lengthening . 
 lashes out at the worm , slicing open a long gash down its side . 
 coiled layers of guts ooze out , adding to the ghoulish stew around it . 
 the worm thrashes wildly , knocks cadaver down again , pins him beneath its fleshy carcass . 
 cadaver slashes at the worm with his hairy arms and chews his way through strands of gut which have wrapped round his snout . 
 he soon wriggles free - but by then i 've caught up with him . 
 i grab cadaver 's ears and slam him down on top of the dying worm demon . 
 i 'm roaring triumphantly . 
 cadaver yowls and tries slapping me away . 
 the hairs of one hand graze the side of my face , slicing my right cheek open . 
 but the blood only drives me on with more passion . 
 i grab his throat and throttle him , forgetting what lord loss said about naming the thief , intent only on killing this vile beast . 
 the hairs of cadaver 's hands snake around my neck and tighten , forming a lasso . 
 we 're strangling each other , face to face , snarling . 
 the first to weaken will be the first to die . 
 my fingers begin to relax . 
 i glare at them , willing them to close again , to finish the job they started . 
 but they do n't obey . 
 i 'm losing - perhaps i 've already lost . 
 cadaver is grinning . 
 the hairs tighten another notch , biting into the flesh of my throat , cutting off the last of my air supply . 
 i feel my mouth gasping , eyes bulging , fingers scrabbling at the hairs instead of cadaver 's throat , trying to undo them . 
 then a dripping , stinking shark is beside me . 
 a tattooed fist smashes cadaver between the eyes . 
 the demon grunts and the hairs loosen . 
 shark hits him again . 
 the hairs slip away . 
 i topple . 
 dervish catches me and props me up while shark pummels cadaver , beating all the fight out of the demon . 
 i breathe again , painfully , oxygen trickling through to my lungs . 
 it feels like my throat has been crushed to splinters . 
 dervish places my hands on my wounded flesh and says , `` magic . '' 
 i repair the damage . 
 it does n't take long . 
 i 'm getting used to fixing up my body . 
 when my throat 's working normally , i check on shark and cadaver . 
 the ex-soldier is still hitting the demon , but with less force , just to keep him in place . 
 shark catches my eye and winks . 
 `` you can take him off my hands or leave him to me for a few hours . 
 i do n't mind either way . '' 
 `` it 's ok , '' i tell him . 
 `` you 've done enough . 
 thanks . '' 
 shark steps away and i take his place . 
 cadaver glowers at me , his face bruised and bloody . 
 i hear shark complaining about the stench and how he doubts he 'll ever be able to wash himself clean . 
 i tune him out and focus . 
 recall lord loss ' words . 
 touch cadaver 's forehead . 
 start to call him the demon thief . 
 then stop . 
 is this really the one who stole art ? 
 maybe it 's another demon in disguise and lord loss is trying to trick me . 
 i look for the marbles and find them floating a few feet above us . 
 `` locate cadaver , '' i mutter and they immediately strike at the demon beneath me , causing him to yelp and turn his head aside . 
 i grab the marbles , stick them in my pocket , then - with one hand still on cadaver 's forehead - shout , `` this is the demon thief ! '' 
 nothing happens . 
 i was expecting a flash of lightning , a peal of thunder or an earthquake , something suitably dramatic . 
 but there 's no difference . 
 i start to shout it again , in case i was n't heard the first time . 
 but somebody claps before i get the words out . 
 i whirl and spot lord loss , floating in the air thirty feet above us , smiling sadly , applauding sarcastically . 
 `` such courage and imagination , cornelius , '' the demon master murmurs . 
 `` the marbles were an excellent idea . 
 they 're only ordinary marbles , but you made them a catalyst for your magic , channelled your power through them . 
 that spoilt my fun slightly - brought us to this juncture sooner than i anticipated - but i can not bear a grudge . 
 you are a true disciple and master of magic . '' 
 he stops clapping and sighs . 
 `` but you miscalled the name of the thief . 
 cadaver is not the guilty party . 
 one chance gone - you have two more . '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 i scream as cadaver shuffles backwards , sneering at me . 
 `` he stole art ! 
 it 's him , not a demon in disguise ! 
 it 's cadaver ! '' 
 `` yes , '' lord loss agrees pleasantly . 
 `` it is cadaver . 
 but he is not the true demon thief . '' 
 `` but ... he must be ... he ... '' inspiration strikes . 
 lord loss said i had to find the true thief . 
 cadaver was a hired stooge . 
 a puppet in the hands of his employer . 
 he carried out the actual theft of art , but he was n't the brains behind it . 
 the real thief must be the one who planned it , gave the order and paid the bounty . 
 i crouch , directing magic into my legs . 
 fix on lord loss . 
 adjust my aim . 
 then launch myself at him , flying through the air , leaping like a frog or cricket , covering the thirty feet in the flash of an eyelid . 
 lord loss is taken by surprise . 
 he brings his eight hands together to ward me off , but too late . 
 i have hold of him before he can repel me . 
 digging my fingers into his lumpy flesh - dough-like in feel as well as appearance - i scream at him , sure i 'm right this time . 
 `` you 're the true thief ! '' 
 lord loss throws me down . 
 i hit a bulging sac of intestines . 
 it explodes , showering me with blood , an acidy liquid and fragments of guts . 
 i laugh carelessly , wallowing in the mess as though taking a bath , jeering at lord loss , smug at having beaten him at his own game . 
 dervish and shark are staring at me uncertainly . 
 they do n't have my insight . 
 they 're not sure i 'm right . 
 but i am . 
 as sure as i 've ever been of anything . 
 all that 's left now is for lord loss to ... `` very clever , cornelius , '' he says , cutting short my celebration . 
 `` but not clever enough , my poor young friend . 
 i am not the true thief . 
 `` two chances gone - one remains . '' 
 `` you 're lying ! '' 
 i scream . 
 lord loss shakes his head slowly . 
 `` i do not lie . '' 
 `` you have to be the thief ! 
 you gave the order for art to be stolen ! 
 if cadaver is n't the thief , it can only be you ! '' 
 `` but it is n't , '' he says calmly . 
 `` doubt my word if you wish , but beranabus knows it is sacred . 
 he is watching this now . 
 if i lied to you , he would have cause to seek revenge . 
 and while i do not fear beranabus , i would rather not provoke him , especially when there is no need . 
 `` search again , cornelius fleck . 
 look for the real demon thief . 
 you will find him if your heart is true and your eyes are clear . 
 then you will understand . 
 and be set free . '' 
 he raises a hand warningly . 
 `` but you have only once chance left . 
 if you make a third wrong call , your souls are mine , as we agreed . '' 
 i feel angry tears in my eyes . 
 blink them away . 
 i 'm still not sure if he 's telling the truth , but i 've no choice other than to believe him . 
 i have to focus . 
 think . 
 if it 's not cadaver or lord loss , then who ? 
 trying to make sense of it . 
 crazy thoughts flickering through my head - maybe beranabus struck a bargain with lord loss to steal art . 
 he might have sensed my power and wanted to draw me into this universe . 
 mrs. egin ? 
 the witch opened the passageway for cadaver . 
 perhaps she was the true thief . 
 but she 's dead . 
 unless , like nadia , her soul has been preserved here . 
 mum and dad ? 
 maybe they got into trouble or craved power , sold art to lord loss , arranged for him to be kidnapped when they were away . 
 madness . 
 but the way my mind is whirring , i can almost believe it . 
 i could believe the worst of just about anyone right now . 
 dervish , shark , sharmila - they 're all suspects . 
 maybe the thief does n't have to be a demon . 
 it might be one of my closest allies . 
 dervish steps up beside me and speaks in my right ear . 
 `` do n't like to rush you , kernel , but we have company . '' 
 i look around and spy the demons from lord loss ' castle . 
 he 's brought them into the board with him . 
 they 're creeping up on us , sliding over and around the chains and hills of guts . 
 i spot the crocodile-headed demon - vein - off to my left , flanked by the fire-eyed hell-child . 
 advancing steadily along with the others . 
 my gaze passes on , then stops and returns to the hellish baby . 
 i keep seeing him since i came to lord loss ' kingdom . 
 first when we arrived , then in the castle , the maze and volcanic zone , now here . 
 why does this demon cross my path more than any other ? 
 he 's a fearsome little beast , with his fiery eyes , lice-ridden head and mouths in the palms of his hands . 
 but no more frightening or vicious than a hundred of his kin . 
 what draws me to him time and time again ? 
 `` we need to move , '' shark says , nudging me hard in the ribs . 
 `` we can get out if we act fast , but in another minute they 'll have blocked the path to the panels and we 'll have to fight . '' 
 `` it 's one of them , '' i mutter , glancing at the hordes of demons , then at the hell-child again . 
 `` the thief 's here . 
 i 'm certain . '' 
 but you were certain it was lord loss , the voice inside my head says , the first time for ages that it 's spoken . 
 `` it has to be one of them ! '' 
 i cry . 
 unless it 's beranabus , or dervish , or your father , the voice says , and i do n't know whether it 's mocking my earlier hysteria or hinting i was on the right track . 
 `` kernel ! '' 
 dervish hisses . 
 `` we have to decide now ! '' 
 `` do not rush him , '' lord loss murmurs . 
 `` it is a hard , momentous decision . 
 you should give it more thought , cornelius . 
 escape . 
 rest . 
 ponder . 
 you have more time than you could possibly imagine . 
 wait a hundred years , then try again . 
 you do n't want to act on a hunch , do you ? 
 risk all on a blind gamble ? '' 
 `` he 's right ! '' 
 shark shouts , grabbing my arm and turning me in the direction of the panels . 
 `` survival first - strategy second . 
 let 's get the hell out while we - '' i pull free of shark . 
 `` no ! 
 we 'll never be free if we do n't find him now ! 
 it 's the hell-child ! 
 it must be ! 
 i keep seeing him ! '' 
 `` you ca n't know that , kernel , '' dervish says . 
 `` not for sure . 
 why him ? '' 
 `` i do n't know ! 
 i just ... '' cursing , i race after the hellish child , ignoring the threat of the demons and the possibility of escape . 
 i 'm gambling , a bigger gamble than any i 've ever taken , but i have to . 
 this is the moment when everything will be decided . 
 that 's why lord loss is here . 
 he wants to see me fail , be here in person to gloat . 
 but i ca n't worry about failing . 
 i have to believe this is my chance , my time . 
 and pray to all the gods that i do n't waste it . 
 the hell-child sees that i 've set my sights on him . 
 he squeals with surprise , turns and flees . 
 vein snarls and sets herself between us , blocking my path to the demonic baby . 
 other demons pile in around her , increasing my belief that the hell-child is the thief . 
 `` shark ! '' 
 i roar . 
 `` dervish ! 
 help me get through ! '' 
 they answer my call without question , placing their faith and future in my hands . 
 they drive ahead , savaging the demons , shark pounding them with his fists , dervish scattering them with bolts of magic . 
 i try not to dwell on the trust these men have shown in me , the awful fate which awaits them if i let them down . 
 a demon made entirely of bones throws itself at my legs . 
 i kick out at it , smash its jaw , leap over the pieces of skeleton as they clatter to the ground . 
 i 've passed dervish . 
 shark is wrestling with demons just ahead of me , to my right . 
 `` leg-up ! '' 
 i shout and shark crouches , cups his hands together , holds them out for me to step into . 
 then hurls me up , forward and over the heads of the demons in front of us . 
 i hit the floor running . 
 almost skid on the guts and go flying into a pool of gore , but flail with my arms and keep my balance . 
 the hell-child is directly ahead of me , looking back , snarling with a mix of hate and fear . 
 my speed propels me past him . 
 i snatch wildly as i race past , unable to slow . 
 grab one of the demon 's bony arms . 
 haul him forward with me , the hell-child shrieking like a real baby . 
 my feet go and this time i do n't try to stay upright , concentrating instead on holding on to the demon . 
 i tumble over and slide several feet , smack up against a towering pile of organs . 
 the guts shake then topple , smothering me and the hell-child . 
 my field of air shatters . 
 the foul stench causes me to vomit again , but i do n't let go of the wriggling , furious demon . 
 a brief pause to restore the field round my head . 
 i spit vomit from my lips . 
 shrug off the larger shreds of guts , revealing the distraught hell-child . 
 most of the lice have been knocked from his head . 
 the fire in his eyes has dimmed and he 's whimpering softly . 
 i sit up and drag him closer , so he ca n't escape . 
 i prepare myself to announce him as the true demon thief . 
 wait ! 
 the voice within me bellows . 
 this is your final chance . 
 do n't blow it . 
 i hesitate , eager to finish this business , but cautious . 
 i wait for the voice to speak again , to give me a clue . 
 but there 's only silence . 
 which is broken by lord loss . 
 `` my , my . 
 what now ? '' 
 he purrs . 
 he 's hanging just a few feet overhead . 
 dervish and shark are still battling the demons . 
 it 's down to us three - me , lord loss and the hell-child . 
 `` i keep seeing him everywhere ! '' 
 i scream , shaking the demon at its master . 
 `` really ? '' 
 lord loss says , acting surprised . 
 `` then maybe he is the thief . 
 or he might be a red herring , placed by me to throw you off the scent of the real culprit . 
 or perhaps it 's just coincidence and he has nothing to do with anything . '' 
 i stare from lord loss to the hell-child to lord loss again . 
 `` please , '' i croak . 
 `` help me . 
 do n't make me ... '' `` what ? '' 
 lord loss asks , not unkindly . 
 `` do n't make you choose ? 
 but i am not . 
 the choice - whether you make it or not - is entirely yours . 
 there is no time limit . 
 use your final chance now , if you believe you have caught the one you seek . 
 otherwise , retreat and try again later . 
 perhaps you can train the marbles to unmask the thief . 
 or maybe i 'll drop clues for you over the centuries . 
 or beranabus might find a way to rescue you . '' 
 `` all i want is my brother back ! '' 
 i wail . 
 `` why are you tormenting me like this ? 
 what did i ever do to you ? '' 
 lord loss only smiles in answer then strokes the hell-child 's head , calming him . 
 `` you hold one of my favourite familiars against his will and mine . 
 it is time to call him a thief or set him free . 
 gamble or wait . 
 but do it now , before i lose my temper and deny you any real choice . '' 
 he grins viciously . 
 `` remember how i gave cadaver a mouth with which to speak ? 
 i could just as easily remove yours , robbing you of your chance to name the thief . '' 
 i 'm crying helplessly . 
 i want to let the hell-child go , delay the moment of naming , give myself time to think . 
 but i know i ca n't wait . 
 i know . 
 delay it ... run ... and the chance will never come again . 
 the hell-child will go into hiding , skip ahead of me through the zones of the board , stay out of my reach no matter how hard i search . 
 but what if he 's not the thief ? 
 if he 's a decoy , like lord loss said , or completely unconnected ? 
 i study the demon through my tears , desperately hoping for some sort of a clue . 
 but there 's nothing i have n't seen before , no evidence that he had anything to do with the theft of art . 
 one last scan , to be on the safe side . 
 his tiny feet , bony legs , skinny body , oversized head . 
 green skin . 
 the small mouths in his palms , snapping open and closed . 
 the few remaining lice on his head . 
 the orange flames in his otherwise empty sockets . 
 nothing about him helps . 
 guess i 'll just have to name him as the thief and hope for ... no . 
 wait . 
 his eyes . 
 i stare at the flames . 
 something about the way they flicker ... the colour ... but what is it ? 
 they remind me of something . 
 someone . 
 i 've seen eyes like this before . 
 not exactly the same , but similar . 
 and only once . 
 but where ? 
 `` come on , cornelius , '' lord loss encourages me . 
 `` say it quick , before i - '' `` wait ! '' 
 i roar , clutching the hell-child tighter , shielding him from the demon master . 
 `` i 'm trying to remember ! 
 the eyes ! 
 i 've seen - '' the hell-child yelps - i must have hurt him when i tightened my grip . 
 with a snarl , he opens his mouth , latches on to my left arm and bites , grey teeth breaking my flesh with ease . 
 i scream and try jerking my arm free , but he has too firm a grip . 
 i reach over with my right hand to prise his jaw loose ... ... then stop as though struck by a bolt of red energy . 
 the biting ... the eyes ... i remember ... the strange hair ... the marbles ... the large head ... orange ... i remember ... playing with the marbles , holding them up to the light ... orange light ... finding the hell-child here when we stepped through , when i was searching for my brother ... dad tucking art and me down beneath the blanket ... i remember ! 
 soft pink light swallows me , engulfs the world of guts , blocks everything out . 
 a few seconds of coolness and pinkness , all alone , confusion , uncertainty . 
 then the light fades and i 'm back in lord loss ' throne room , on my hands and knees in front of the spider-shaped throne , gasping and shivering . 
 `` kernel ! '' 
 a woman shouts - sharmila . 
 she hurries towards me , but beranabus reaches out and holds her back . 
 the magician 's smiling , but a faint frown wrinkles the dirty flesh of his forehead . 
 shark and dervish are on their knees close by , sniffing the air and their hands . 
 the stink is gone . 
 that puzzles me , until i remember that only our souls entered the board . 
 the bodies we inhabited there were fakes . 
 our real bodies remained in the castle . 
 lord loss is on his throne , the hell-child on his lap , vein sitting to attention at the base of the throne . 
 no other demons are in the room . 
 `` say it again , cornelius , '' lord loss murmurs . 
 `` so there can be no doubt . '' 
 `` i 'm the thief , '' i mutter , still not sure how that can be true . 
 `` i stole ... i do n't know how , but ... it was when i was lonely , a year ago . 
 i came here ... when i stepped through the window of lights in my bedroom ... '' lord loss chuckles and bounces the hell-child up and down . 
 `` this is artery , '' he says , `` brother of vein . 
 they are two of my current favourites . 
 loyal servants , and most amusing when i set them loose on a human . 
 some time ago , an intruder opened a window into my kingdom . 
 when i peered through it , i found you , cornelius . 
 i was inclined to take you , to punish you for your impudence . 
 but there was something about the way you faced me and a crackle of unusual magic in the air . 
 i thought it better to wait and observe . 
 `` you came through the window after me . 
 it was outside the castle . 
 artery was playing nearby , torturing a lesser demon . 
 you grabbed and subdued him , magically transformed him , supplied him with human features , took him to your universe , created a new identity for him and shortened his name to ... '' `` art ! '' 
 i croak , more of the memories clicking into place , understanding coming slowly but certainly . 
 the air around the hell-child shimmers . 
 when it clears , my brother is sitting on the demon master 's lap . 
 he gurgles at me , but with artery 's screechy voice . 
 dim flashes of orange light in his eyes . 
 his messy hair . 
 head that 's slightly too large for his body . 
 his sharp teeth . 
 `` it was when he bit me , '' i whisper . 
 `` that 's when i knew . 
 art loved to bite . 
 and the marbles , when he held them over his eyes - they looked like the demon 's . '' 
 lord loss nods slowly . 
 `` you stole him , cornelius . 
 you were lonely , desperate for a friend , somebody who would be true to you and with you always . 
 you found a way into my kingdom . 
 snatched artery . 
 gave him human shape . 
 convinced yourself that he was your natural brother . '' 
 `` but mum and dad must have known the truth ! '' 
 i cry . 
 `` they knew he was not theirs , '' lord loss agrees . 
 `` but they did not know he was a demon , where he came from or why you believed he was your brother . 
 he reminded your mother of the baby daughter she lost . 
 she saw him as a second chance , a gift from the gods . 
 your father wanted to give the baby to the police , to be returned to its rightful parents . 
 he tried to sway melena , without success . 
 she used you to swing him round to her way of thinking . 
 you thought the baby was your brother . 
 if they took him away , she said you 'd suffer dreadfully . 
 out of love for you , he agreed to lie . 
 `` they watched the news closely - furtively - over the coming days . 
 if a baby had been reported missing , perhaps decency would have won out and your father would have handed art over . 
 or perhaps not . 
 your sister 's death had hurt him terribly too . 
 maybe he would have let your mother talk him into holding on to the child , no matter what . 
 `` in any event , when there was no mention of a missing baby , they decided to keep him and rear him as their own , as the brother you believed he was . 
 but they could n't stay in the city , where people knew they only had one child . 
 so they abandoned their jobs and fled . 
 took you and the baby away . 
 started a new life in paskinston , where nobody had cause to be suspicious , where things were simpler , where they could rear their new son in peace . '' 
 he strokes art 's head , never taking his eyes off me . 
 i 'm trembling uncontrollably , my world falling to pieces , the last year of my life exposed as a lie , me revealed as a villain , mum and dad as devious accomplices . 
 `` how did he transform the demon ? '' 
 beranabus asks . 
 `` transfiguration 's a complicated spell . 
 he could n't have managed it alone . '' 
 `` yet he did , '' lord loss says . 
 `` i assumed he was the pawn of a powerful magician , maybe even a fellow demon . 
 that is why i did not retrieve artery immediately . 
 i hoped the manipulator of the boy would reveal himself . 
 eventually , i decided to steal artery back , hoping to tempt cornelius ' master out of hiding . 
 it was only when cornelius came into this universe and tested his powers that i realised he 'd acted alone . 
 i still do not know how he did it - only that he did . '' 
 everyone 's staring at me . 
 i feel like an exhibit at a freak show . 
 roll up ! 
 roll up ! 
 come and marvel at kernel fleck , thief of demons , master of disguise ! 
 he can hide a demon from everybody - even himself ! 
 `` so i never had a brother , '' i whisper . 
 `` it was all a lie . '' 
 `` a dream , '' lord loss corrects me . 
 `` and now you have awoken , thanks to my generous help . '' 
 `` some help ! '' 
 dervish snorts . 
 `` you could have just told him . '' 
 `` that would have been cheating , '' lord loss says . 
 `` he had to discover the truth himself - or search for it in vain for the rest of his life . 
 i would have been happy either way . 
 the misery of his ignorance would have been sweet . 
 but the misery of his understanding is just as welcome . '' 
 `` what misery ? '' 
 shark asks . 
 `` he beat you . 
 he found out the truth . '' 
 `` and lost a brother in the process , '' sharmila says softly , as i weep quietly . 
 `` but he never had a brother , '' shark says . 
 `` it was a sham , a cuckoo 's child . '' 
 `` but kernel thought it was real . '' 
 sharmila frees herself from beranabus ' grip , walks over and lays a hand on my shoulder . 
 squeezes gently . 
 `` what now ? '' 
 beranabus asks , businesslike , no longer interested in the mystery of the theft or the illusion . 
 `` are we free to leave ? '' 
 `` of course , '' lord loss says . 
 `` cornelius fulfilled the terms of our agreement . 
 he discovered the true thief and named him . 
 you can depart whenever you like . '' 
 he looks around absent-mindedly . 
 `` cadaver seems to have slipped away while we were otherwise involved , but i am sure you can track him down again . '' 
 `` then let 's go , '' beranabus says . 
 `` we 've wasted enough time on this farce . '' 
 `` shut up , you stupid , thoughtless man ! '' 
 sharmila shouts , surprising us all . 
 she glowers at beranabus , then strokes the back of my neck . 
 `` there is the matter of kernel 's brother to settle . '' 
 `` brother ? '' 
 beranabus huffs . 
 sharmila points at the child on lord loss ' knee . 
 `` but that 's just a demon made up to look like a boy . '' 
 `` yes . 
 but he has been kernel 's brother for the past year . 
 and i suspect , by the smile of his master , he can be again . 
 if kernel so wishes . '' 
 lord loss laughs hollowly . 
 `` you have a sharp eye , miss mukherji . '' 
 he holds art - artery - up with four of his hands . 
 the baby giggles and tries to bite off one of the demon master 's fingers . 
 `` artery is precious to me , but he has been equally precious to cornelius . 
 i am not evil-hearted - i have no heart , either evil or good - so i am willing to let my familiar go . 
 if kernel wishes to take him , i will not stand in his way . '' 
 i slowly look up . 
 `` i can have art back ? 
 he can be my brother again ? '' 
 `` if you want , '' lord loss smiles . 
 i stare at the demon master , then at art , grinning at me over the lumpy fingers . 
 he looks no different than he did the day cadaver took him . 
 why should n't i take him home as my brother , carry on with life and try to forget that this mad period of time ever happened ? 
 `` what would he be like when he grew up ? '' 
 dervish asks . 
 `` can one ever judge how a child will grow up ? '' 
 lord loss says slyly . 
 `` you know what i mean . 
 right now he likes biting people . 
 will he want to do worse things when he 's older ? 
 will he be more demon than human ? 
 a man on top , a monster beneath ? '' 
 `` what a way you have with words . '' 
 lord loss shrugs . 
 `` i think the true artery will shine through . 
 cornelius has the power to shackle him , but not rid him of his origins . 
 he 'll want to do terrible things , and will probably find a way to act on his desires . 
 but he will never harm cornelius , of that i am certain . '' 
 dervish comes over to stand beside sharmila . 
 he looks at me seriously . 
 `` it 's your call , kernel , but i do n't think you should take him back . 
 you 've seen the way demons behave . 
 you could n't change him . '' 
 `` i could try ! '' 
 i cry . 
 `` if i can change his shape , why not his heart ? '' 
 `` demons do n't experience emotions like we do , '' beranabus says softly . 
 `` sometimes they give the impression that they can feel as we feel , care as we care . 
 but they 're monsters , all of them . 
 it 's their nature . 
 we can not alter that . '' 
 i 'm crying hard . 
 i look at art again , wanting so much to hold him , play with him , grow up with him . 
 it 's not fair , having to choose . 
 i 'd have been happier if i 'd never had a brother . 
 to have him for a year ... to come through so much to find him ... only to be faced with this ... having to go back to the loneliness ... tell mum and dad i could n't protect him ... `` maybe i do n't care if he kills ! '' 
 i shout . 
 `` maybe i just do n't want to be lonely anymore , and having a brother matters to me more than anything else . 
 what if that 's the case ? 
 beranabus sniffs . 
 `` then good luck to you . 
 just do n't call on my disciples when the bodies start mounting up . 
 and you might want to tell your parents to stay out of art 's way . 
 they should be safe on the other side of the world . '' 
 i howl at beranabus , dervish , lord loss , art - the entire world and all the worlds beyond . 
 i hate this universe , both universes , life itself . 
 i wish i could destroy it all , the whole damn lot of it , myself as well . 
 one burst of almighty energy and - bang ! 
 no more worries or pain . 
 then i catch sight of lord loss smirking . 
 and art , smiling innocently , just the slightest twinkle of wickedness in the corner of his eye . 
 i think about mum and dad , how they loved me and gave up everything , risking imprisonment and who knows what else , to protect my dark secret and keep me happy . 
 sure , they did it for themselves too , but i think - believe - they mostly did it for my sake . 
 and i know i ca n't do this to them . 
 i ca n't take a demon in human form into their home and leave it free to strike . 
 i 'd be as demonic as lord loss if i did that . 
 outside the castle . 
 at the point where we entered this world . 
 beranabus claps my back and says , `` let 's go find cadaver . '' 
 sharmila groans . 
 dervish looks at beranabus as if he has two heads . 
 even shark fidgets as though a terrible curse had been uttered . 
 `` what ? '' 
 beranabus snaps , frowning at his disciples . 
 `` we have to capture him , squeeze out whatever he knows about the kah-gash . 
 that 's what we came here for . '' 
 `` it is over , '' sharmila says . 
 `` nadia was wrong about the kah-gash . 
 or we already came upon it and failed to recognise it . 
 either way , cadaver 's real purpose was to bring kernel into this universe , so he could learn the truth about the theft . 
 now it is time for him to return to his parents and - '' `` no ! '' 
 beranabus shouts . 
 `` his brother never mattered . 
 this is about the kah-gash and always has been . '' 
 `` to you , perhaps , '' dervish says softly . 
 `` but not to kernel . 
 and not , i think , to the rest of us . 
 sharmila 's right - it 's over . 
 beranabus glares at us . 
 an angry red flush creeps up his neck . 
 he starts to say something but shark steps forward , halting him . 
 `` i 'll serve if you want me . 
 if you think i can help you find this demon-destroying weapon , i 'm yours for life . 
 but i doubt i 'll make a difference . 
 i do n't think any of us will . 
 i agree with dervish - this was about kernel and his search . 
 that 's what brought us here . 
 it does n't seem like much , and it 's crazy that raz and nadia had to die because of it - but that 's life . '' 
 beranabus growls . 
 `` think you 're smarter than me , do you ? '' 
 `` no . 
 but i can see the truth when it 's sitting before me plain as day . 
 i do n't know anything about the kah-gash . 
 maybe you 'll find it later , maybe you wo n't . 
 maybe cadaver can lead you to it , maybe he ca n't . 
 but it 's time to let kernel go . 
 he does n't belong here . 
 he 's not part of this . 
 not anymore . '' 
 it 's the most i 've ever heard shark say . 
 i want to thank him , but my throat 's as tight as when i was being strangled by cadaver 's hairs . 
 beranabus scowls at his three disciples , lets his gaze linger on me , then gives a disinterested sniff . 
 `` so be it . 
 i 'm not going to argue with all of you . 
 i 'm starting to think it was a fool 's errand . 
 i 'll look for cadaver anyway , just in case , but there 's no reason for you to come with me . 
 the fighting 's over . 
 and the deaths . '' 
 he turns away , takes a deep breath , starts muttering the words of a spell . 
 sharmila , shark and dervish exchange uncertain glances . 
 `` that 's it ? '' 
 dervish asks . 
 `` we can go ? '' 
 `` aye . 
 get the boy to open a window for you . 
 return to your normal duties . 
 i 'll be in touch later . 
 if i need you . '' 
 dervish laughs . 
 sharmila and shark smile . 
 then all three look at me . 
 `` where do you want to go ? '' 
 i ask them . 
 `` drop us off at your place , '' shark says . 
 `` we 'll make our own way from there . '' 
 i nod slowly , then face the patches of light . 
 they surround me as usual , now that i 've come out of the board , glowing in the air around me . 
 half eager , half afraid , i think about paskinston . 
 it does n't take long . 
 i slot the patches of pulsing lights together . 
 the window opens . 
 clean blue light . 
 the doorway out of all this craziness . 
 i take one last look back at the castle , the demon-laced sky , beranabus . 
 `` thank you , '' i mutter . 
 `` i know you only helped me because you wanted to find the kah-gash . 
 but i could n't have discovered the truth without you . '' 
 `` much good it did you , '' beranabus grunts . 
 he looks at me with his grey-blue eyes . 
 cocks his head . 
 `` home is n't always where you expect it to be . 
 it can change , as life changes . 
 if you ever need me , you know where to find me . '' 
 `` he wo n't , '' dervish says shortly , then pushes me through the window of light , out of the universe of demons . 
 night . 
 we 're in a field outside paskinston . 
 where mrs. egin exploded and cadaver crossed . 
 the four of us standing beneath a half moon , looking at each other , breathing in the delicious smell of our own world . 
 `` we are a sight , '' sharmila laughs , nodding at our torn clothes , ripped flesh and bare feet . 
 `` at least we 're not a stench , '' shark says . 
 he sniffs a sleeve and his face turns green at the memory of the gory pool . 
 `` thank you , '' i whisper , eyes lowered , suddenly shy , feeling like a child again , the way i did before i crossed universes . 
 i was their equal over there . 
 here , i 'm just a boy . 
 `` no need for thanks , '' dervish smiles . 
 `` we had the adventure of a lifetime . '' 
 `` i would not call it an adventure , '' sharmila says thoughtfully . 
 `` more a nightmare - the like of which i hope never to experience again . '' 
 dervish smiles . 
 `` be truthful . 
 now we 've come through alive , do n't tell me you are n't a bit sorry that it 's over . 
 it was wild but magical . 
 right ? '' 
 `` no . 
 it was horrible . 
 i hated every minute of it . '' 
 `` shark ? '' 
 dervish asks . 
 `` i hated the pool of slime , '' he grunts and we all laugh . 
 `` otherwise , it was a buzz . 
 but that 's because we survived . 
 i 'm sure raz and nadia had a different view of it . '' 
 i feel a jolt of guilt when he mentions nadia . 
 i should tell them about her . 
 but i gave my word . 
 besides , she said she would n't hurt them . 
 the only one she hates is beranabus . 
 `` what was raz like ? '' 
 dervish asks , smile fading . 
 `` a gentleman , '' sharmila says . 
 `` yeah , '' shark agrees . 
 `` i knew raz . 
 a top cat . 
 but let 's not talk about him . 
 in our business , it 's best to forget about death and focus on living . '' 
 he stretches and groans . 
 `` i 'm off to find a lake to soak in . 
 how about you lot ? '' 
 `` i 'll come with you , '' dervish says . 
 `` i still have a lot to learn about being a disciple . '' 
 `` i 'm not so sure , '' shark murmurs , then raises an eyebrow at sharmila . 
 `` i want some time off , '' the indian lady says , gazing at the moon . 
 `` i have been a disciple for many years . 
 i am due a break . 
 maybe i will go to the village of my parents and pray to their memory . 
 they were killed by demons . '' 
 she sighs and lowers her eyes . 
 `` i will pray for raz too . 
 and nadia . 
 and the others who died in the course of this quest . '' 
 she looks at me . 
 `` and i will pray for kernel . 
 and maybe for art , even if he did not ever really exist . '' 
 i smile at sharmila thankfully , then stretch out my arms for a hug . 
 as she wraps her arms around me , she whispers in my ear . 
 `` it was strange that you could not find the kah-gash . '' 
 `` maybe it does n't exist , '' i reply . 
 `` or maybe ... '' she hesitates , then releases me . 
 `` i wonder what would have happened if you 'd tried to open a window to one of us when we were with you in that universe . '' 
 i frown . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 she smiles cryptically in answer , kisses my cheeks , then steps back . 
 `` we can stay with you a while , '' dervish says , as i hover uncertainly at the edge of the village . 
 `` help you readjust and explain all this to your parents . '' 
 i laugh . 
 `` you really think you can explain lord loss to my mum and dad ? '' 
 `` you have a point , '' dervish chuckles . 
 i shake shark 's hand , admiring his tattoos one final time . 
 he salutes sharply when i let go . 
 then i shake hands with dervish . 
 `` your spikes have gone floppy , '' i note . 
 `` i feel floppy all over , '' he grins . 
 it was n't a glorious homecoming . 
 nearly seven years had passed since i stepped through the window in search of art . 
 i found it almost impossible to believe , even though lord loss had warned me . 
 seven years of change , births and deaths , the world moving on - and i missed every minute of it . 
 mum and dad looked a lot older than i remembered . 
 wrinklier , greyer , a sadness in their eyes that had n't been there before . 
 they thought i was a ghost . 
 although seven years had slipped by , i looked exactly the way i did when i disappeared , even dressed in the same clothes . 
 mum screamed . 
 dad too . 
 they spun away from me , covering their eyes , panting with terror . 
 i had n't expected such a reaction or prepared myself for the experience of having mum and dad scream at me with horror . 
 i fell apart . 
 collapsed in tears . 
 `` it 's me ! '' 
 i kept wailing . 
 `` it 's me ! 
 me ! 
 me ! '' 
 eventually , shaking with fear , dad edged forward . 
 maybe he would n't have been so brave if i had n't been crying like a baby . 
 he poked my bald head , finger trembling , expecting it to slide through me . 
 when it did n't , he frowned and poked me again . 
 `` i 'm real , '' i moaned , looking at him , wanting him to hold me , hug me , tell me he loved me . 
 `` it 's me . 
 kernel . 
 i 'm real , dad . 
 i 'm back . '' 
 `` kernel ? '' 
 he croaked , shaking his head softly . 
 `` it ca n't be . 
 you 're ... no ... it ca n't ... '' then he fell on me , folded me in his arms , bellowed my name and burst into tears . 
 moments later , mum was beside me too , the pair picking at me , poking me , clutching me . 
 crying and laughing at the same time . 
 i spent ages trying to explain . 
 i told them about the lights , the window , the kidnapping , stepping through after cadaver , beranabus , my journey between worlds , lord loss , artery . 
 they did n't believe me . 
 could n't . 
 but they had no other explanation for how i 'd turned up unchanged -lrb- except for lots of cuts , scars and bruises -rrb- . 
 `` we should take him to a doctor , '' dad said . 
 `` have his body and mind looked at by experts . 
 they might be able to uncover the truth . '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 mum hissed before i could insist that my story was the truth . 
 `` he 'd be a freak . 
 there 'd be questions we do n't want to answer . 
 they 'd take him away . 
 we might never see him again , lose him like annabella and ... '' she did n't say the name of her third child . 
 she refused to discuss art not being real . 
 dad did n't probe either . 
 it was the one part of my story neither asked to hear a second time . 
 with no other option , they reluctantly accepted my outlandish tales . 
 but they did n't tell the neighbours about me . 
 dad said we 'd be treated as lunatics if i repeated my demonic stories . 
 also , a lot of the people of paskinston had lost children when cadaver attacked . 
 he was n't sure how my reappearance would affect them . 
 they hid me inside the house while they tried to think of a way to introduce me back into village life . 
 mum wanted to pretend i was an orphaned cousin who just happened to look a lot like their supposedly dead son . 
 dad played about with a deep-freeze theory - he thought he could convince people that i 'd been kept on ice by scientists for the past seven years . 
 when they realised how weak those explanations sounded , they decided to simply leave without saying anything . 
 running away had worked once - why not a second time ? 
 pack our bags , move to where nobody knew us , start afresh . 
 mum and dad loved paskinston , but they loved me more . 
 stealing away like thieves in the night , saying nothing to any of their friends , seemed like the only solution . 
 so that 's what we did . 
 after trying out some small towns , where mum never felt easy , we ended up in a city . 
 dad found work on a construction site , mum in a fast-food restaurant . 
 they teach me when they come home at night . 
 during the day i stay indoors , watching television , reading , playing games , making model aeroplanes . 
 it 's not safe for me to go out and interact with other people . 
 mum and dad are afraid i 'll be taken from them if the truth emerges . 
 i 'm not enjoying this life . 
 it 's not how i thought it would be . 
 i did a brave thing , risked all to save my brother , went through torments and overcame obstacles that most people could n't even imagine . 
 but i 'm not allowed to talk about it . 
 i have to keep it hidden , like something shameful . 
 we do n't even talk about art , what happened to him , the fact that he was a demon in disguise . 
 i tried discussing it with mum once , but she clapped her hands over her ears and shrieked at me to shut up and never mention his name again . 
 mum and dad are n't happy either . 
 they do n't say so , but i can see that secretly they wish i 'd never returned . 
 losing me and art was hard , but after seven years they 'd learnt to deal with it . 
 they 'd found peace in paskinston , were getting on with life , grateful to have each other and a place to call home . 
 i 've wrecked all that . 
 turned their world upside-down and inside out . 
 forced them to abandon their home and friends , take to the road , live a life of secrets and fear . 
 i did n't want to ruin their lives . 
 i wanted to save art , bring him home , be a hero . 
 i wanted mum and dad to hold me and love me , for everything to be all right after that terrible universe of monsters . 
 i wanted my life back . 
 instead , i 've returned to lies and disguise , a nightmare every bit as awful as the one i hoped to escape forever when i left the universe of the demonata . 
 the loneliness is worse than ever . 
 trapped indoors most of the time , nobody to play with or speak to . 
 it was bad enough when i felt like an outsider , but at least i could mingle with other children , go to school , act like i fitted in . 
 now i 'm totally alone . 
 i ca n't even talk with mum or dad . 
 they 're always uneasy around me . 
 they love me because i 'm their son , but i 'm sure they wonder sometimes and ask themselves , `` is that really kernel ? 
 can it truly be the boy we thought we 'd lost ? 
 or is it some monster pretending to be him ? '' 
 they have nightmares . 
 i 've heard them moaning in their sleep . 
 sometimes , one will wake screaming and sob for hours , held by the other , comforted . 
 but they never hold or comfort me . 
 out of boredom , i start experimenting with the patches of light . 
 curious to see if i can manipulate them . 
 trying to get them to pulse . 
 i do n't want to open a window . 
 i just want to see if i have the power here . 
 for a long time i make no progress . 
 but eventually , i find a way . 
 i have to think about a specific spot in the demonata 's universe , somewhere i 've been . 
 that gets the lights pulsing , though it takes hours of concentration . 
 once they 're going , if i think of another place or person , other patches pulse , but slowly , in small numbers . 
 i 'm sure i could get more of them to pulse if i pushed myself , and gradually build a window . 
 if i wanted to . 
 which i do n't . 
 why would i ever return to that universe of vicious , magical insanity ? 
 a dark , wet day . 
 mum and dad are out at work . 
 they were awake most of last night , crying and talking . 
 i hate seeing them unhappy . 
 i 've tried everything i can to cheer them up and make it easier . 
 told jokes , avoided mentioning demons , worked hard at my lessons , kept up a smile whenever they 're around . 
 but nothing works . 
 they were delighted when i first returned , but that quickly gave way to a confused sadness and they 're getting sadder every day . 
 they do n't know how to deal with me or this new life they 've found themselves part of . 
 it 's too complicated . 
 they 're starting to resent me . 
 i can see it in their eyes , just a flash , every so often . 
 a look that says they wish i 'd never come back . 
 that look strikes at my heart every time i catch it . 
 makes me want to burst into tears and throw myself at them for a hug . 
 but i hold my smile . 
 pretend not to notice . 
 act like everything 's fine . 
 and only cry when they 're not around . 
 the clouds part shortly after midday , for a few minutes . 
 then they roll back together and rain comes down more heavily than before . 
 thinking about the universe of the demonata . 
 i hated it there , but i did n't feel out of place . 
 i had a purpose , a function . 
 i was the equal of sharmila , dervish , raz , shark , nadia . 
 no good at fighting , but i had other talents . 
 they respected me . 
 even beranabus was impressed . 
 i remember what he said . 
 `` home is n't always where you expect it to be . 
 you know where to find me . '' 
 crazy . 
 as if i 'd ever want to go back there , face demons again , live like nadia , a slave of the magician . 
 adrift in a universe of horrors , where you ca n't even depend on time . 
 nothing in this world could be as bad as that . 
 mum and dad will accept me eventually . 
 i 'll make friends . 
 grow up normally . 
 we 'll laugh about this one day . 
 i 'm sitting on the floor in the small living room of the apartment which we 're renting . 
 i rise and walk to the bathroom . 
 take the marbles out of my pocket , the orange marbles which i 've carried ever since art was stolen . 
 i look down at them then hold them up , standing before the mirror . 
 place them in front of my eyes . 
 watch them twinkle . 
 i try directing magic into them . 
 take my fingers away , telling them to hover in the air . 
 they fall . 
 roll away . 
 i hurry after them before they disappear down one of the holes in the old floorboards . 
 back to the living room , remembering how magical i was in that other place , the things i could do , the power i had . 
 sitting on the couch , i study the marbles again and recall what sharmila said to me in the field before we parted . 
 i think i know now what she was hinting , the secret she suspected . 
 it 's an impossible , wild and crazy theory . 
 i 'm sure it ca n't be right . 
 but if it is ... trying not to worry too much about what that might mean , i put the marbles away . 
 as i stand , i notice some of the lights around me pulsing slowly . 
 i stare at them numbly . 
 it 's like they 're calling me , trying to suck me back into that realm of madness . 
 i turn my back on them and stride around the tiny apartment , looking for something to distract me . 
 end up in my mum and dad 's bedroom . 
 not much bigger than mine . 
 a bed they can only just fit into . 
 i let my eyes drift . 
 it 's untidy , clothes thrown about the place , dirty socks and underwear . 
 the rooms were never like this in our previous homes . 
 mum was house-proud . 
 dad too . 
 always cleaning and tidying away . 
 but not any more . 
 the mess upsets me . 
 i turn to leave , but spot the corner of something sticking out from under a pillow on the bed . 
 i edge over and slide it all the way out . 
 it 's a photograph of me and art . 
 i have n't seen it before . 
 i 'm holding art over my head . 
 he 's laughing . 
 i think i 'm laughing too . 
 but it 's difficult to tell . 
 because mum has scrawled all over my face with a pen . 
 line after line of black ink , obliterating my features , scratching me out of existence . 
 i put the photo back in its place . 
 cover it entirely . 
 return to the living room , my stomach hard and cold . 
 the lights are pulsing around me , lots of them , faster than before , like they used to in the demonata 's universe . 
 i think about beranabus , what sharmila said , the bitter look i sometimes get from mum and dad , the photo . 
 beranabus is waiting in a surprisingly scenic spot , lying on a pile of deep green grass next to a waterfall , beneath the shelter of a leafy tree . 
 the only hint that this is another universe - blood , not water , flows from the waterfall . 
 `` i thought you might come looking for me , '' he says , sounding more sad than smug . 
 `` i decided to rest here a while . '' 
 he looks around . 
 `` i come here often . 
 my mother liked this place . 
 i feel close to her here . '' 
 `` was your mother a magician ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` not as such . '' 
 he stares at the waterfall , stroking the petals of a fresh flower which he 's pinned to his jacket . 
 `` she died not long after i was born . 
 i used magic to find out about her later - that 's how i learnt about this spot - but i never knew her when i was a child . 
 as for my father ... '' he snorts , then says with unusual softness , `` i know what it 's like to be lonely . 
 to have no family . 
 to feel out of place in the world . 
 i hate myself for what i did to nadia and for what i 'm asking of you . 
 i know how wretched her life was and what you 're suffering now , because i 've felt that way myself . 
 i 'd have spared you both if i could . 
 but the universe demands sacrifice and pain of its champions . 
 when there 's no other way ... when the fate of billions hangs in the balance ... what choice do we have ? '' 
 i stare at the ancient magician , not sure how to answer . 
 before i can think of something to say , he barks a laugh , pushes himself to his feet and smiles , more like his old cynical self . 
 `` come to be my assistant , have you ? 
 could n't fit in with the folks at home ? 
 normal life not for you any more ? 
 `` you knew i 'd return , did n't you ? '' 
 i accuse him . 
 `` i 've lived and seen enough to know how difficult it is to settle for a small life when you 're destined for greatness . 
 the universe created you for a reason , kernel fleck , and it was n't to waste your time in an ordinary job , among everyday people . 
 destiny is a determined opponent . 
 not many get the better of it . '' 
 `` so what now ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` do we go after cadaver ? '' 
 `` i do n't think so . '' 
 beranabus frowns . 
 `` i 'm angling more towards the idea of re-tracing the route he followed when he was on his way to lord loss ' . 
 maybe we 'll find something on one of the worlds he visited , or on a world we bypassed when you opened the window directly to him . '' 
 `` or maybe ... '' i stop , not wanting to say it . 
 the window behind me has faded , but i could easily build another if i wanted . 
 find my parents . 
 try again . 
 it 's not too late to change my mind . 
 but if i tell beranabus of my suspicions , i can never return . 
 i 'll be his - the universe 's - for life . 
 beranabus studies me with one eyebrow raised , smiling as if nothing i say can take him by surprise , like he 's waiting for me to make a suggestion so that he can say he 's already thought of it . 
 i chew my lower lip , trying to make up my mind . 
 i think about the photo again . 
 shiver then straighten up and put my theory to the test . 
 `` i 'm picturing cadaver inside my head now , '' i tell beranabus then look around . 
 `` dozens of lights are flashing . 
 i could open a window to him if i wanted . '' 
 i clear the demon from my thoughts and think about beranabus . 
 `` now i 've got you in my head . '' 
 my stomach sinks when i check the lights and my worst fears are realised . 
 `` nothing 's happening . 
 no lights are pulsing . '' 
 `` of course not , '' he snorts . 
 `` i 'm here with you . 
 there 's no need to open a window to find me . '' 
 `` right . 
 now i 'll think about a waterfall on earth - niagara falls . '' 
 i concentrate . 
 `` lots of pulsing lights again . 
 but when i think about that waterfall of blood ... nothing . '' 
 beranabus is frowning . 
 `` what are you - '' `` picturing sharmila , '' i interrupt . 
 `` dervish . 
 shark . 
 lights pulse for all three of them . '' 
 and for nadia too , though i do n't tell beranabus that . 
 `` now i 'm thinking of myself - no flashing lights . 
 and now ... now i 'm thinking about the kah-gash . '' 
 i give it a full minute . 
 two . 
 five . 
 eyes shut , focusing hard , saying the word over and over . 
 when i finally open my eyes , none of the lights are pulsing , and beranabus is staring at me , trembling slightly . 
 `` nobody knows what the kah-gash was , '' the magician says softly , `` or what sort of parts it was broken down into . 
 i 've always assumed the pieces would be power-charged stones or other objects of energy , but i guess they could be hidden in anything . 
 even in ... '' `` people . '' 
 i finish , then take a deep breath . 
 `` the piece of the kah-gash ... the weapon that can destroy universes ... we 've been close to it all along . 
 too close to recognise it . 
 it 's here now . 
 it always has been . '' 
 beranabus shudders , then steels himself . 
 `` am i the one ? '' 
