 chapter one `` they say she roams the old roads , looking for her victims . 
 human , paranormal ... she do n't care . 
 she 'll kill anything . '' 
 the raspy voice echoed around the half-empty bar . 
 like a chill wind it reached into the corners of the candle-lit room , found all those who were listening and pulled a shiver from the very depths of their souls . 
 forget the bogeyman , since the war people had learnt there were far more dangerous things than the pretend monster under the bed . 
 those in the room listened anyway . 
 chair legs scuffed on the worn wooden floor , disturbing the sawdust scattered over its battered surface . 
 shadows crowded against the steel-grilled windows that showed evidence of the bars use as a last line of defense . 
 at the back of the bar , mason snorted into his whiskey . 
 good old fred . 
 he sure did like his ghost stories , even if they did scare the crap out of the customers . 
 not that they had many . 
 normally the place was filled with locals . 
 it had been that way since the world went to shit in a storm of fire and brimstone . 
 mason rolled a mouthful of the amber fluid around his mouth , before letting it burn its way down to his stomach . 
 stuff would rot your gut , but hell did it have a kick , exactly what a man needed at times . 
 he leaned back against the wall and swirled the rich colored liquid around in his glass as he watched the bar as a whole . 
 after wandering in here six years ago , badly busted up from an altercation with a couple of lycans , he 'd gone from recovering patient to self-appointed town protector . 
 right now his attention was on a group of youngsters at the other end of the bar who 'd waltzed into town earlier . 
 after scoring refills on their water bottles and a pack-load of supplies , they were living it up in the bar , full of bravado , and crazy-ass stories of escaping a nest of vamps . 
 mason had been up close and personal with a couple of vamps , and they were tough bastards . 
 it 'd be hard , not impossible to escape a whole nest of the bloodsuckers , but you 'd have to be a combination of bruce lee , rambo and the terminator . 
 two girls , three boys . 
 way too young to have survived on the roads . 
 he pursed his lips , feeling the scar at the corner pull slightly . 
 he remembered his days as a wanderer . 
 it was a tough life . 
 practically everything out there wanted to screw you over , and eat you . 
 or screw you , and eat you . 
 or screw you whilst eating you ... there were some kinky-ass critters out there . 
 he lifted his glass to his lips again . 
 he never sat at one of the middle tables , preferring to keep his back to the wall with his gun free and easy by his side . 
 even in the supposed safety of the town mason carried , locked and loaded . 
 the light from the candle on his table caught the rim of his glass , twinkling in the corner of his eye . 
 he looked at the group again and caught his breath . 
 between the light spots from the candle and the flickering shadows cast by the other candles in the room , the group of visitors looked different . 
 changed . 
 it was a spilt-second , as though their masks had slipped a little and allowed him a glimpse at the creatures beneath . 
 the one mason had tagged as the leader turned around , looking around the bar with an assessing eye . 
 too assessing , and way too hungry . 
 mason took another drink as though nothing had changed . 
 but this time he did n't savor the drink as it went down . 
 before the war mason had been a soldier . 
 a damn good one . 
 in that life he 'd seen lots of corpses , but he 'd never seen one walk and talk until ten years ago . 
 like the one scanning the bar as if it was an all-you-can-eat buffet . 
 ghouls . 
 how the f ** k had they gotten past the defenses ? 
 they had everything from warding sigils carved into the plaster of the walls under the hangings to a demon-trap painted on the underside of the floorboards by the door . 
 the first drink of water visitors to the town were given contained a dash of holy water , and the cutlery they got was silver-plated . 
 with all their precautions , the town was loaded for everything but bear . 
 his gaze flicked around the room . 
 just his luck , most of the locals were in tonight . 
 a heavy sigh escaped his chest as he drained his glass . 
 he f ** king hated ghouls . 
 getting rid of them was always messy . 
 his lips compressed as he placed his glass on the table in front of him . 
 seeing an empty , valerie , the bar-owner , headed over . 
 her h * ps swayed as she walked , and there was a smile of invitation on her lips as she approached . 
 `` all done there , sugar-bun ? 
 want me to get you another ? '' 
 `` no , thank you , i 'm good . 
 listen , v , i need you to start moving people out . '' 
 his voice was low and firm-completely at odds with the brilliant smile he flashed her . 
 anyone looking their way would assume the two were flirting , which was exactly what he wanted . 
 valerie 's face dropped . 
 `` aww , no ... those kids ? 
 you got ta be kidding me , mason . 
 they 're barely old enough to be out on their own . '' 
 `` exactly . 
 they are n't old enough , or anywhere near tough enough . 
 they 're not human , v. do n't be fooled by the cute mask they 're wearing . 
 otherwise next week it might be your suzie 's . '' 
 valerie 's face went stony . 
 the only thing that made her madder than a bunch of wet hens was a threat to her daughter . 
 mason had no idea what had happened to the kid 's father . 
 he 'd never asked . 
 out here , no one did . 
 everyone had a past they would rather forget , things they 'd had to do to survive . 
 most of the time those things did n't make for a good night 's sleep . 
 `` give me five minutes , i 'll get it cleared . '' 
 she started to turn , and then paused to look back at him . 
 `` make it quick and clean , would ya ? 
 the girls look scared , like they do n't want to be here . 
 plus , it took me weeks to get the bloodstains out of the floor last time , and i 'm all out of sawdust . '' 
 mason nodded , pitching his voice a little louder . 
 `` sure thing , sweets . 
 leave it to me . '' 
 his tone was friendly and flirtatious . 
 for good measure he leaned over and swatted val on the ass as she passed him . 
 she squealed in delight , wagging her finger at him as she headed back to the bar . 
 throughout the room the locals carried on drinking , or talking , but he knew they 'd caught the signal . 
 the last time he 'd flirted with a woman and meant it , mankind had a future , not this squalid mess they were trying to survive in . 
 the evacuation did n't take long . 
 as soon as valerie had dropped another glass off at his table with a wink , there was a slow , but determined exodus . 
 the non-combatants left as the rest found reasons to go talk to friends on the edge of the room . 
 except old fred , who sat on the table next to the ghouls . 
 it was his favorite spot . 
 the table never moved . 
 it could n't , it was riveted to the floor . 
 even now mason knew that fred 's finger was on the trigger of the shotgun rigged underneath it . 
 `` lady of death ? 
 ohhhh purlease , old man , that 's just a kid 's tale . 
 like the bogeyman , '' one of the ghouls scoffed . 
 mason had already tagged him as the leader . 
 loud and obnoxious he was the sort mason would want to waste even if he was human . 
 `` you wan na be careful , sonny , '' fred warned . 
 he was an odd choice for a front man , but he was one of mason 's best . 
 a crack-shot with that gun , he looked like everyone 's favorite grandfather . 
 no one suspected fred , even if his life depended on it . 
 `` oh yeah , pops . 
 why 's that ? '' 
 the ghoul spun his chair around to face fred and straddled it . 
 the skin between mason 's spine itched . 
 he 'd seen what ghouls could do . 
 they could rip a man apart with their bare hands without breaking a sweat . 
 the instant the kid looked like he was even thinking of making a move towards fred , mason would put a bullet between his eyes . 
 `` they say the lady sees all , and knows all . 
 there 's no way to escape her . 
 do n't matter if you do n't believe in her , as long as she believes in you . '' 
 mason watched valerie busying herself at the bar out the corner of his eye . 
 she was wiping glasses , her attention seeming to be half on the conversation going on and half on her work . 
 he knew better . 
 by her left knee , next to the defunct cash register there was a fully loaded rifle . 
 when the shit hit the fan , she would have it in her hands and firing within a heartbeat . 
 he almost felt sorry for the ghouls . 
 almost . 
 he looked back . 
 the mask had slipped completely now . 
 confident that the dumb humans they 'd found themselves in the middle of could n't tell what they were , they 'd let their cover slip . 
 mason could see through their human disguises , and right down to the foulness beneath . 
 they had the same matted hair and rotten flesh of every other corpse he 'd seen . 
 added to that were blackened , claw-like fingers , and the guy on the left had a bad drool problem . 
 looked like he 'd gotten a busted jaw before he 'd become what he was now . 
 `` do n't be f ** king stupid , old man . '' 
 the ghoul started to stand . 
 fred did n't move an inch , still smiling even though mason knew he had to have the trigger down to first pressure . 
 interesting that , when they had their balls to the wall , humanity could rock it against creatures of darkness in the bloody violence stakes . 
 `` no , johnny , do n't . 
 they 've been nice to us . '' 
 the girl at his side caught his arm , stopping johnny 's headlong rush into certain suicide . 
 do us all a favor , lass , and let fred blow his head off . 
 might be something human in you left to save . 
 the kid turned on her like a rottweiler , a low snarl in his throat . 
 `` shut it , bitch . 
 you 're here to look pretty , not question me . '' 
 he had had enough . 
 even though she was a ghoul , if the kid hit her , mason was taking his hand off at the wrist . 
 `` what do you believe in , johnny ? '' 
 `` what 's it got to do with you ? '' 
 the ghoul 's head whipped around , isolating the new voice in the conversation with the instinct of a predator . 
 mason leaned forwards . 
 `` if you do n't believe in the lady of death , what do you believe in ? 
 vamps ? 
 lycans ? 
 the abominable snowman ? 
 santa claus ? 
 ghouls ? 
 how about ghouls ? '' 
 johnny 's face went blank , his eyes wary and flat . 
 mason levered himself from the bench in one lithe movement , his rifle held loosely in his hands . 
 even though he was armed , in this day and age that was n't a threat . 
 everyone carried , if you did n't , you were dead . 
 `` you believe in ghouls , johnny boy ? '' 
 johnny shrugged . 
 `` lots of weird shit out there . 
 could be ghouls too . '' 
 mason made it to the end of the bar . 
 if johnny had been anything close to clever , he 'd have realized by now all the locals were quiet . 
 more to the point , he 'd have twigged that all the friendly locals of earlier were n't looking half so friendly now . 
 `` oh , i know there are ghouls . 
 now , because i 'm a fair man i 'm going to give you and your dream team one chance . 
 get up , get your stuff and walk out of my town . '' 
 johnny looked around the room . 
 mason watched as the penny dropped . 
 `` come on , man , '' he wheedled , injecting a pathetic note into his voice . 
 that was what disgusted mason about these creatures . 
 ghouls were tricksters , playing up the sympathy vote to get into a town , and get a free meal . 
 `` it 's after nightfall . 
 you ca n't turn us out onto the road at night . 
 god knows what 's out there . '' 
 mason shrugged . 
 `` we got a simple rule in this town , kid . 
 you ai n't human , you ai n't staying . 
 now walk , before we perform a little ... vermin control . '' 
 `` johnny , they 're onto us . 
 we should go ... '' `` no . '' 
 johnny shook her arm off with a snarl as he glared at mason . 
 `` i 'm not being told what to do by a f ** king human . 
 we 're the top of the food chain man , and no one can stop us . 
 we 're gon na eat your heart and laugh while we chow down . '' 
 mason did n't bother with any more dialogue . 
 his dad had always said , when you face down a man with a gun you 'd better hope that man is a bad man . 
 a bad man will keep you talking before he shoots you so , if you 're smart , you can find a way to escape . 
 a good man though ... he wo n't bother chatting you up , he 'll just shoot you without a word . 
 he was n't sure his dad had gotten those definitions the right way around , because he sure as hell was n't a good man . 
 his rifle was on his shoulder , and the ghoul in his sights within a heartbeat . 
 the next a blackened rose spread over the kid 's forehead as mason 's double tap blew out what was left of his rotten brain . 
 the bar erupted into gunfire . 
 bullets and shotgun slugs tore into the small group of ghouls without mercy , making them dance like marionettes . 
 it was n't a shooting . 
 it was an execution . 
 `` cease fire , '' mason yelled over the noise . 
 the ghouls were done for . 
 the guys had all received double taps to the head courtesy of mason , and johnny had pretty much gotten shredded . 
 his footsteps were light as he approached , to check if the ghouls were dead . 
 of course , with their kind , dead was a relative term . 
 he needed to make sure they were n't the snacking-on-your-guts kind of dead . 
 `` fucking hell , just the stink 'd put you off . '' 
 fred was right by mason 's side as he reached what remained of the lead ghoul , johnny . 
 just as he suspected , the thing was old and rotten to the core . 
 rifle trained on the mass of torn flesh and rags , he kicked the leg nearest to him . 
 `` that 's ghouls for you . 
 corpses too dumb to die . '' 
 there was no resistance . 
 if the thing was playing possum it was good at it . 
 he took one last look at the sightless eyes and moved his attention . 
 the other two males were just as bad . 
 from the sheer amount of damage , mason figured they 'd copped at least half the payload from the townsfolk . 
 the girls , by comparison , looked almost untouched . 
 he scooted around one side of the bodies on the floor as fred went the other way . 
 they both saw movement at the same time . 
 an arm twitched and then one of the girls , the one who had spoken earlier , groaned . 
 `` we got a live one . '' 
 mason barely heard the end of his own sentence over the sound of rifles and pistols being cocked . 
 his world shrank to what he could see through his sights . 
 gaze firmly fixed on the girl 's face , he watched as her eyes fluttered open and she slowly turned her head to look at him . 
 black blood covered one side of her face , and he did n't want to think about the thicker fluid oozing out from behind her ear . 
 `` please ... '' she begged , her pale eyes fixed on him . 
 `` i did n't want this . 
 make it quick ... please . '' 
 she held his gaze , the moment stretching out . 
 in that instant she ceased to be a monster , and became just a young girl wanting the nightmare to go away . 
 throat thick , he did n't trust himself to speak so he just nodded . 
 `` thank you , '' she whispered . 
 he pulled the trigger and sent her into the afterlife . 
 chapter two ten years , three months and four days . 
 that was how long it had been since the worst day of andy 's life . 
 of course , since that date coincided with the apocalypse-doomsday , armageddon or whatever you wanted to call it-it had been a pretty shitty day the world over . 
 things had n't got much better . 
 she settled her backpack more securely on her shoulders and studied the road ahead . 
 she 'd walked these roads since that day , always on the move , never stopping for more than a night or two . 
 she 'd tried to in the beginning , but she was just too different to hide amongst humanity for long . 
 she trudged along the road , the tightening in her calf muscles telling her she was heading up an incline . 
 she would n't have known otherwise , after a while everything looked the same . 
 dust and fuck-all else leading into foothills and mountains in the distance . 
 apart from yesterday ... yesterday she 'd passed a tree . 
 it had provided hours of entertainment . 
 reaching the top of the incline something new caught her eye . 
 pausing to rest her booted foot on the bumper of an abandoned car , she shielded her eyes and squinted . 
 despite her dark glasses the bright sun foiled her vision , making the dark smudge on the horizon dance and waver . 
 she growled under her breath . 
 why the hell could n't she have gotten useful abilities like some other paranormals ? 
 the ability to change form and run like a lycan , or the night vision of a vampire ... either would have been useful . 
 at least , far more useful than what she did have , dangled on the end of a chain at the disposal of fate , chasing silver threads only she could see . 
 it sucked , big time . 
 of course , most people would tell her to look on the upside-she could n't die . 
 would 've helped if she 'd known that before she 'd tried to commit suicide . 
 three times . 
 that had been the year after the war . 
 she 'd been way unstable back then . 
 mind you , when you were forced to kill your family , friends-hell , everyone you knew , then it was bound to knock a few cogs loose upstairs . 
 since then she 'd come to terms with what she was , somewhat , and just did her job . 
 the smudge on the horizon resolved itself into a plume of smoke . 
 five silver lines , the sort only she could see , flickered and lit up in the corner of her vision . 
 they headed off straight towards the smoke . 
 she sighed . 
 another job . 
 no rest for the wicked . 
 the small black mark on the horizon grew larger and larger as she walked . 
 eventually it became a small town . 
 andy studied it as she trudged closer . 
 most humans lived in places like these . 
 towns fortified against any sort of attack-be that attacks from other humans looking for supplies , or attacks from any of the paranormal types . 
 this one had particularly good defenses . 
 the person who 'd put them together had really known what they were doing . 
 she passed an outer redoubt of steel and iron barricades , nodding at the stony-faced guard stationed at the lookout post . 
 the silver lines she was following did n't lead into the town . 
 instead they branched off to the right . 
 like a good little puppy she followed them . 
 the skin between her shoulder blades itched as she walked . 
 within seconds more armed figures appeared on the main wall , silent and watching . 
 she was impressed . 
 these people were on the ball . 
 turning the corner she found what she was looking for . 
 a funeral pyre smoldered away , billowing black smoke high into the air . 
 the wind changed direction for a second . 
 wrinkling her nose she tried to breathe through her mouth . 
 humans smelt bad enough when cremated , but ghouls were even worse . 
 she did n't need to count the bodies on the pyre . 
 five silver lines fed straight into what she was looking for . 
 five souls , the ones belonging to the remains on the pyre , stood waiting for her . 
 standing in a nice little line , ready and waiting for her to reap them . 
 used to the drill andy took a deep breath , and let her spirit slip into the shade . 
 the layer between life and the afterlife , it was where the souls waited for a reaper to come along and send them into the afterlife . 
 the world changed hue , painted in shades of black and grey . 
 there was no color here , no life to speak of , and the truly alive could n't enter this place . 
 she looked over her shoulder at the figures on the wall watching her . 
 to them she would appear to be looking at the pyre . 
 she could step bodily into the shade if she had to , but figured that would freak them out too much if she just disappeared . 
 as it was , they would n't see her reach around and under her pack , drawing the twin sickles sheathed there with practiced movements . 
 a good thing , because she did n't fancy being hit with enough lead to drop a rhino . 
 she 'd only had this jacket a couple of weeks , and the last thing it needed was ventilation . 
 the weapons filled her hands , their well-used handles as smooth as silk under her callused palms as she walked towards all that remained of the ghouls . 
 twirling the twin blades around , she sliced her way through the souls with ease . 
 with the souls already separated from their bodies , it was easy . 
 they only put up a fight when she had to both kill them and reap their souls at the same time . 
 she could understand that , most people were kind of attached to breathing . 
 sometimes she caught a break-death by old age or something like that-but most went down fighting , all the way . 
 as soon as her blades touched them the souls shattered , disintegrating like smoke blown away by a stiff breeze . 
 as the last soul broke up , a tendril separated itself and wrapped around andy 's wrist for a moment . 
 a surge of relief and gratitude filled her , welling in her chest and bringing dampness to her eyes . 
 she smiled , knowing it was the soul 's way of saying thank you . 
 `` you 're welcome . '' 
 she flicked her blades back along her forearms and sheathed them with a small snick under the pack again . 
 `` i hope you find the peace you 're looking for . '' 
 job done , andy returned to the spot she 'd entered the shade . 
 it was easy to spot . 
 behind her , stretching back into the world of the living was her own lifeline . 
 it was n't the silver of the ghouls , or the gold of humanity , or any other color that marked a creature that was truly alive ... instead her lifeline was black as pitch . 
 she snorted in amusement as she stepped back between the worlds . 
 twin sickles , which when you looked at them were just very small scythes , black on black clothing and a black lifeline ... all she needed was to become anorexic , wear a black cloak and she could really rock the grim reaper image . 
 she ignored the watchers on top of the walls as she headed back towards the main gates . 
 like every other town she 'd visited there was another guard on the gate . 
 `` morning , ma'am , what 's your business in sanctuary ? '' 
 the greeting from the guard was polite enough-even if the smile did n't extend to his eyes and there was absolutely no way he could hide the threat in the casually held shotgun . 
 to his credit he did n't even try . 
 `` just a quick stop off to trade for supplies and water . 
 perhaps a night 's sleep without having to keep one eye open . '' 
 the guard nodded . 
 it was a familiar story , probably one he 'd heard countless times . 
 still his eyes swept her in a quick but thorough assessment . 
 without asking , she knew he 'd be able to describe her from the weaponry she was carrying but would n't be able to remember her hair color . 
 black . 
 fitting for a reaper . 
 `` okay , step under the arch please , ma'am , just there on the red cross . 
 thanks . '' 
 with a frown she did as she was told , standing right in the middle of the crude cross sprayed in red on the rough concrete . 
 a shiver ran down her spine as magic surrounded her . 
 the guard 's gaze flicked up , so andy followed suit . 
 there was nothing on the underside of the arched gateway . 
 frowning , she flicked her vision back into the shade , and was almost blinded by the devil 's trap painted up there . 
 clever . 
 someone here knew how to mix holy water with pva glue to make paint invisible to the living eye but capable of use in a spell . 
 she kept her expression level and slightly puzzled , as though she was n't sure what the kid was looking at . 
 no need to alert anyone to the fact she was n't homo sapiens . 
 `` that it ? '' 
 she injected a bored note into her voice . 
 `` or would you like me to dance a jig as well ? '' 
 he chuckled , and a rueful smile spread over his face . 
 andy grinned back . 
 under the wariness and the worry on his face , the kid was rather good looking . 
 `` no , you 're okay , ma'am . 
 you 're good to go . '' 
 he nodded through the gates into the town . 
 `` best place to go is val 's . 
 just head up the road and it 's on your left , ca n't miss it . '' 
 `` thank you . '' 
 she inclined her head , shrugged her pack to a more comfortable position and walked into sanctuary . 
 inside the walls with their impressive defenses it was pretty much the same as every other town she 'd visited . 
 dilapidated buildings lined the streets , and as she walked further she passed inhabited houses like small fortresses . 
 it did n't take her long to reach val 's bar . 
 like the rest of the town it was a little worse for wear . 
 right at the moment though , it looked like heaven . 
 she could n't remember the last time she 'd stopped . 
 sitting in an actual chair rather than on the ground would be a novelty , and if they had running water and a bath , she might just think she 'd died and gone to heaven . 
 the hackles on the back of her neck rose a second before the door in front of her burst open . 
 a young lad stumbled out , glaring over his shoulder to snarl . 
 `` you 'll regret saying no . 
 jed does n't like people who do n't play ball . '' 
 andy stopped . 
 the kid righted himself , his yellowish gaze sweeping over her , and all her instincts went into high alert . 
 he was n't human , not with eyes like that . 
 her palms itched , but she fought the compulsion to draw her sickles . 
 `` what you lookin ' at ? '' 
 he snarled , recoiling a little from her presence . 
 without realizing what he was doing he kept her in front of him as he skirted around her . 
 he could n't know what she was , but most paranormal creatures recognized the ultimate predator when they saw one . 
 shrugging , she carried on into the bar . 
 perhaps they had coffee . 
 her brain all but shut down at the thought . 
 she could smell it already , taste the stuff on her tongue . 
 it was her only vice , if you discounted bloody murder and reaping souls . 
 she 'd run out weeks ago and cold turkey was no fun . 
 it made her cranky . 
 she caught the swinging door on the way out , halting it with a flat hand on the wood and pushing back inwards . 
 her fingertips came away tingling . 
 a devil 's trap at the gate , and active ash-wood inlaid in the door ? 
 this place got any more interesting , and she 'd have to raid an old cinema for popcorn . 
 after the bright sunlight outside , entering the room was like being plunged into cool water . 
 andy stood in the doorway and let her eyesight adjust . 
 her sense of smell kicked in first . 
 the stench of blood under pine floor cleaner was unmistakable-as was the fact someone had tried to scrub more than one kind of blood off the wooden floor . 
 under the ghoul she could make out vampire , were and ... brownie ? 
 holy hell , if they 'd managed to see off a brownie infestation then these people were serious players . 
 the room resolved itself into a large , almost cavernous space with a long bar at one end . 
 at one time four pool tables had stood near the door , rings on the floor marking their positions like invisible sentinels . 
 sauntering down the center of the room , she headed towards the bar . 
 every set of eyes in the room was on her , which did n't surprise her after the werewolf . 
 she reached the bar . 
 elbows on the wooden surface , she planted a booted foot on the rail and smiled at the woman wiping glasses behind the bar . 
 andy knew the smile did n't reach her eyes , but it did n't matter . 
 the dark glasses did more than shield her eyes from the sun . 
 `` howdy . 
 what 'll it be ? '' 
 the barmaid put a glass away next to an army of its cohorts lining the shelves . 
 andy was n't fooled by the easy manner . 
 if the woman did n't have at least three weapons within easy reach she was a monkey 's uncle . 
 or aunt . 
 whatever . 
 `` a refill of water , and if you 've got some coffee i 'll love you forever . '' 
 andy pitched her voice to polite and friendly as she put her water bottle on the bar . 
 invulnerable she might be , but being shot hurt . 
 since she had no active job in this town , all she wanted was to resupply , and perhaps get a good night 's sleep . 
 `` room for a night , if there 's one available . 
 if not , i 'll kip down in here ... with your permission , of course . '' 
 the woman , val presumably , inclined her head . 
 `` one water and a meal on the house , coffee you got ta pay for . '' 
 `` you trade ? '' 
 it was what andy had expected . 
 her hands were already in her pockets as she withdrew a few trinkets she 'd collected on her travels . 
 lip-salve , a box of old plasters with smurfs on them and a couple of disposable lighters . 
 all suitable payment for the supplies she needed . 
 val 's keen eyes assessed the offerings , and she nodded towards a table nearby . 
 `` can do , have a seat and i 'll bring them over . 
 no rooms , you sleep in here . 
 there 's someone on the bar all night . '' 
 andy 's lips quirked as she turned and headed towards the table indicated . 
 in other words , there will be someone with a gun on you all night , so do n't try anything funny . 
 good policy . 
 reaching the table , she slid her pack off her shoulders and shoved it under the table , out of the way . 
 the intake of breath behind her warned andy that her sickles had been spotted . 
 she ignored it and sat . 
 since the whole thing was spelled to be inconspicuous , then that meant there were spells here that countered illusion . 
 she really was going to have to pick up some popcorn . 
 she lounged back in the chair and took her time looking around the room . 
 she did n't bother with the people , instead she scanned the walls and the ceiling . 
 she could n't see them , but she knew the enchantments were there . 
 her water and food arrived . 
 andy gave up her search . 
 with tricks like holy water and pva glue to draw devil traps she was sure they 'd gotten inventive here too . 
 if she was n't very much mistaken then her cutlery was silver plate , and she 'd bet her bottom dollar that the water had a drop of the holy stuff in it as well . 
 boiling vamps from the inside was a new approach . 
 nice . 
 she studied the food in front of her for a while . 
 one of the figures the other side of the room peeled himself from the wall and headed her way . 
 andy watched him from the corner of her eye . 
 he did n't walk , he stalked ... a predator like her . 
 the rifle in his hand seemed an extension of his being , like her sickles were , and a pistol played peek-a-boo from his shoulder holster . 
 most men did n't bother with holsters , just shoved their pistols into the waistband of their pants . 
 andy had always wondered how many had done the gene pool a favor and castrated themselves . 
 stupidity like that did n't deserve to breed . 
 `` good work with the ghouls . 
 i 'm impressed , '' she commented as he reached the table and spun a chair around to straddle it . 
 he looked back , his blue-grey eyes as blank as his expression . 
 cute and hot . 
 very hot . 
 she might not be human , but she was female . 
 everything about this guy-from the blond velvet-like stubble on his scalp to the solid , ripped body the tight t-shirt hinted at-called to every feminine instinct she had . 
 worse , in the middle of a cruelly handsome face sat a perfectly straight nose and a sinful pair of lips that made even a reaper think wanton thoughts . 
 `` the brownies impressed me more though . '' 
 andy leaned back in her chair and studied him more closely . 
 to his credit he did n't flinch . 
 `` how 'd you manage to waste the little freaks ? 
 they 're worse than a bad dose of the clap . '' 
 mr. tall , blond , and less-than-chatty shrugged but did n't answer her question . 
 instead he nodded at the plate in front of her . 
 `` not hungry ? '' 
 the voice did n't match the rest of the package . 
 andy had traveled the length and breadth of the land . 
 she 'd tracked and reaped virtually every creature within living legend and a fair few that were n't . 
 the guy in front of her was human , but the voice . 
 ohmygod , the voice was something else . 
 if andy did n't know better , could n't see better , she 'd swear he was a vamp , or even a fae ... some being with the ability to hypnotize with sound alone . 
 smooth as silk , it went down like a good whiskey , making her think of languorous nights in front of a roaring fire . 
 then the bite kicked in , like the burn of a good shot as it slid down her throat . 
 satin over a core of pure steel . 
 of all the creatures andy had come across on the roads , her instincts warned her that this one , this mere human , was the most dangerous . 
 `` not particularly . '' 
 she met him look for look . 
 foolish perhaps but she found she rather enjoyed baiting him . 
 she knew that , even at this moment , he was making the decision on her . 
 one signal , and she 'd be treated to the same fate as the ghoul 's whose blood had decorated the floor beneath her feet . 
 `` neat . '' 
 she nodded to the items on the table . 
 `` silver for weres . 
 splash of holy water in the glass by any chance ? '' 
 he started , and andy 's lips quirked again . 
 she 'd surprised him . 
 lifting the glass she took a long swallow then put it back on the table pointedly . 
 `` just proves you ai n't a vamp . 
 take off the glasses . '' 
 her eyebrow winged up . 
 there was no way to take that as anything other than an order . 
 as a rule she did n't take well to orders ... `` tell me your name . '' 
 she hooked a finger around the arm of her glasses and slid them down her nose to look at him over the top . 
 dark eyes met light , and her breath caught for a moment . 
 andy kicked herself . 
 oh for heaven 's sake , get over it girl . 
 what do you think this is ... some kind of great romance novel ? 
 `` mason . '' 
 oh my , the sparkling conversation was going to be the death of her . 
 she just hoped his talents lay in ... other directions . 
 her mind hit the gutter level as she wondered what all those tight muscles under his t-shirt felt like . 
 she sighed , and tried to get her raging libido under control . 
 `` pleased to meet you , mason . 
 i 'm andy . 
 you 're not part-siren by any chance , are you ? '' 
 he recoiled , disgust written over his features . 
 `` i 'm not part anything . 
 i 'm human through and through . '' 
 andy kept her skepticism to herself . 
 there was something about him-she just could n't put her finger on it . 
 `` so ... andy . 
 how about you ? 
 you going to drop the charade , or pick up the silver so we can see what you really are ? 
 i warn you though , old fred behind you is a crack shot with that sawn-off . '' 
 amusement rolled through her as she took her glasses off , and placed them precisely on the table in front of her . 
 if fred was going to shoot her in the back , then she 'd rather not be wearing them . 
 good sunglasses were damn hard to find these days . 
 `` a little unsporting , would n't you say ? 
 what happens if i pick the silver up , and nothing happens ? 
 do i pass all your tests ? '' 
 his gaze hardened . 
 `` what makes you think you passed them all ? '' 
 a chuckle of amusement escaped her lips . 
 she had n't had this much fun in years . 
 `` let me see ... ash-wood in the door to bar witches ... would n't stop a warlock or a sorcerer though . 
 the door-step has an iron strip , and you 'd be hard pressed to find a real living horse this far out so those ... '' she nodded to the horseshoes behind the bar . '' 
 ... are definitely imports . 
 `` i 'm guessing you have another devil 's trap by the door , but i ca n't see it . '' 
 she scanned about the room , picking up each layer of protection she could see . 
 `` wall hangings to cover warding sigils and the ones you have carved in the windowsills are some serious mojo . 
 i 'd recommend adding a couple to stop banshee 's though ... passed a band of them a couple of days ago heading this way . '' 
 picking up the silver fork she speared a lump of beef from the stew and popped it into her mouth , busting the theory she was a were or a ghoul . 
 silver burned the first , and the other could n't stomach cooked meat . 
 she looked at him in expectation for a second and grinned at his shell-shocked expression . 
 `` did i miss anything ? '' 
 his surprise disappeared under a glower . 
 `` what the f ** k are you ? '' 
 `` let 's just say i 'm not a threat to you and your town . 
 in fact , i 'm intrigued . 
 where did you learn all this stuff ? '' 
 she waved her hand , indicating the silver , the wards and the other protections in the place . 
 `` i 've never come across a place so well prepared . '' 
 `` playin ' dangerous games , sweetheart , '' mason bit out , holding his hand up in warning as someone in the shadows behind her cocked a weapon . 
 `` people around here get jumpy when it comes to non-humans . 
 i 'll give you the same warning i did those ghouls on the barbeque outside . 
 get your kit , and walk . 
 you ai n't human , you ai n't stayin ' . '' 
 andy rose to her feet . 
 below average in height , she 'd long ago given up trying to attain the grace her mother had possessed . 
 finding out at the end of the world she was not only adopted but a different species altogether sure explained a lot . 
 `` ca n't say fairer than that i guess . '' 
 swiping a razor-sharp nail over the pad of a finger andy watched blood well up from the small cut . 
 leaning forwards she drew a symbol onto the table in blood . 
 `` what the f ** k are you doing ? '' 
 mason demanded , his gaze sharp as it flicked from her to the symbol and back again . 
 andy shrugged her pack on and picked up her glasses . 
 `` copy the ward , wash the table and do the same with the water as you did with the symbol on the gate . 
 it 'll keep those banshees out . '' 
 with that , she slid her glasses on and walked out the door . 
 chapter three the day had been a long one . 
 mason walked into his room , and shut the door behind him with a quiet click . 
 still fully clothed he rolled onto the bed , and closed his eyes with a grateful sigh . 
 he was exhausted . 
 as normal , he 'd been up before sunrise to join the work-parties that kept the town running . 
 he should have been exhausted , but sleep was elusive . 
 ordinarily it was an insistent bed partner , often claiming him before he managed to shrug out of his clothes . 
 tonight it danced just out of reach . 
 every time he closed his eyes he saw andy , the woman from earlier . 
 he ground his teeth , and squeezed his eyes together until fireworks lit up the back of his eyelids . 
 correction , she was n't a woman . 
 she was a paranormal . 
 not human , not a woman , no one he should be bothered about . 
 a thing he should n't worry himself about . 
 with those wicked-looking blades strapped crosswise on her back then no doubt she could take care of herself . 
 for someone to carry blades instead of a gun was a statement all in itself . 
 it said that the carrier was either a -rrb- stupid and about to buy the farm or b -rrb- they were good enough to get those blades into anything they came up against . 
 to do that they 'd have to be faster than a werewolf , able to hear even a vampire creeping up , and be able to outwit a shade . 
 she 'd looked too human , and way too cute , to be capable of half that . 
 mason groaned as images of her lying in the darkness , her skin pale as she bled out , filled his head . 
 his male protective instincts , rusty from inactivity , rushed to the fore . 
 he should n't have let her leave . 
 unlike other non-humans , she had n't offered them any harm . 
 she 'd even drawn them a ward ... and as soon as he 'd looked at it , he 'd known she was telling the truth . 
 the thing had hummed with power . 
 how he knew stuff like that , he had no idea . 
 he just did . 
 since the war he 'd been able to spot all manner of paranormals , and magic users , under their disguises . 
 not just non-humans either . 
 souls black with sin ... that was the saying . 
 he 'd always expected a soul ready for hell to be as black as pitch , rotten through and through . 
 they were n't though . 
 if they were human , they were bright silver . 
 paranormals , as always , were different . 
 their souls were a whole rainbow of different colors . 
 amber for wolves , red for vampires , black for the undead . 
 his eyes snapped open as he ran through his memories again . 
 he 'd done the usual cursory check to see if he could detect anything hidden behind the pretty face and had come up with nothing . 
 looked human on the outside , no monster lurking inside to leap out like a freaky jack-in-the-box . 
 still , mason 's instincts had warned him there was something not right about her , and now it hit him . 
 her soul had been black . 
 at three forty-five he gave up on sleep , and rolled out of bed , sat on the edge of the narrow cot and rubbed his eyes . 
 they were like piss-holes in the snow-gritty and hot . 
 he cast a baleful glance back at the lumpy mattress . 
 he needed a bottle of whiskey , fourteen hours sleep and a new mattress . 
 preferably in that order . 
 the stink of sweat assaulted his nostrils . 
 mason grimaced and risked a quick sniff at his armpits . 
 shower time for sure . 
 he walked out of his clothes on his way to the bathroom . 
 even here , in the safety of his own room , his rifle was the last thing to leave his hand . 
 propping it up against the wall beside the door mason switched the water on . 
 `` jesus f ** king christ ... that 's cold . '' 
 teeth chattering , he forced himself under the spray of frigid water . 
 this time of morning , he had no chance of it warming up . 
 the town attracted a lot of waifs and strays so they had most occupations , from a former hairdresser to a hollywood gynecologist , but could they find a damn plumber ? 
 until they did , the ailing boiler was only run for short periods , and carefully baby-sat in case it decided to go critical . 
 pity it could n't do that with jed and his pathetic pack of dogs in the room . 
 he shook his head as he scrubbed down quickly with the hard soap produced in town . 
 he still could not believe that animal had had the audacity to send one of his mutts into town , and demand a tithe . 
 `` five women , old enough to f ** k and not too old to have kids . 
 so we do n't want any dried up old-grandma 's . 
 if the tithe is suitable , your town will be spared our wrath . '' 
 `` spared our wrath . '' 
 mason snorted , washing his sack and crack with quick economical movements . 
 who did the guy think he was ? 
 he did n't give a flying f ** k about jed 's wrath . 
 he tried anything in mason 's town , and he 'd end up like every other para that tried it ... with val scraping his brains off the bar 's floor . 
 finally he stepped out of the shower and grabbed the thin towel draped over the rail . 
 like everything else here it showed signs of hard use . 
 he dried off quickly and dropped the towel and his dirty clothes in the washing basket . 
 the clean ones he put on were nearly identical . 
 he pulled an old t-shirt over his head , covering the multitude of scars that marred his torso , and grabbed his combat pants . 
 once they 'd been black but now they were a faded grey . 
 clean socks went on next , after he gave his feet a quick check . 
 they said an army marched on its stomach , which was true . 
 what was also true was that a soldier never neglected his feet or his boots . 
 he laced up quickly and tucked the ends back into the top of the boots . 
 pulling his pant leg up , he strapped his knife to his calf . 
 a legacy from his army days , it was mason 's last line of defense . 
 if he ever had to draw it , then the shit had hit the fan in a big way . 
 shrugging his shoulder holster on , he grabbed his rifle and headed for the door . 
 if he hurried , he might be able to catch the morning hunting party . 
 an hour later , mason was walking point . 
 the small group of hunters fanned out behind him . 
 their faces were grim and professional . 
 a sense of pride filled him . 
 in this , at least , his former life had been of some help . 
 whenever they left the town to hunt , they took their lives into their hands . 
 out here , things fell into one of two categories-things that ran away from them , and things to run away from . 
 he pulled his rifle tighter into his shoulder , steps soundless as the group walked . 
 concentration wrapped around them so tightly it was like a cloak . 
 every gaze was alert to the smallest movement . 
 the only major cover for half mile or so , this was where they were likely to find either game or become it . 
 tension wound through his frame as he paused , raising his arm with a clenched fist . 
 at the signal the group stopped , and assumed kneeling positions facing outwards from the group . 
 mason crouched to study the tree line . 
 all was quiet . 
 there were n't many birds around these days , anything bigger than a sparrow was an immediate candidate for the stew pot . 
 but this was too quiet , as though nature herself was holding her breath , and watching the scene around the copse unfold . 
 way too quiet . 
 decision made , he stood and signaled to the group to skirt around . 
 the likelihood of bagging some sort of game within the trees was good , but the risk was too high . 
 they had a few hours left to find something elsewhere . 
 he would n't risk good hunters . 
 he sighed softly as they moved out . 
 when the scientists had unleashed hell on earth , and changed the fabric of reality , why could n't they have created cows the size of trucks ? 
 he 'd happily trade in ghouls and wolves for a guaranteed good meal . 
 and steak ... he had re-occurring fantasies about a good steak . 
 `` keep it tight . '' 
 his order was low as james , one of the newest hunters , edged into his line of sight . 
 not a place he wanted to be when mason was on patrol . 
 anything that moved was getting shot on the basis that it was either food , or it was hostile . 
 the patrol continued in silence as they walked their pre-arranged route . 
 frustration began to mount in his chest as they walked further and there was still no sign of prey . 
 pickings were getting increasingly slim . 
 each hunting team came back in with smaller and smaller catches until recently , when most times they came back with nothing at all . 
 if they did n't bring something back in today val was going to have to dip into the canned goods secured in bar 's kitchen . 
 that was something he tried to avoid . 
 canned goods would last for years . 
 they were his fail-safe in case the whole situation went tits-up and they had to move out of town . 
 on the road , they would be too busy defending themselves to risk hunting for food . 
 unease itched in the space between his shoulder blades . 
 it started off a small itch , then grew and grew until his shoulders were tight with tension . 
 someone ... no , something , was watching them . 
 mason 'd bet his last bullet there was n't just one of them either . 
 before he could alert the team , they were attacked . 
 hard and fast , everything happened at once . 
 `` contact . 
 full right , six o'clock , '' he yelled , rifle on his shoulder and already squeezing rounds off as the first werewolf burst out of cover to his left . 
 `` weres ! '' 
 `` no shit , sherlock , '' he muttered as his double tap took the first wolf between the eyes and splattered its brains over the one right behind it . 
 the second jumped over the carcass , red eyes fixed on mason as it snarled . 
 saliva dripped from its yellowed teeth as it crouched low , stalking him . 
 he aimed and fired . 
 his bullet ripped through its right front leg , shattering the joint . 
 squealing in pain it crashed to the ground , and tried to shift to heal the massive damage to its leg . 
 mason had seen weres change before , and it turned his stomach . 
 all that bone snapping and changing , not to mention skin that melted and reformed to the new shape . 
 bile rose in his throat as he approached the creature where it writhed on the ground . 
 `` down boy . '' 
 he lifted the rifle and put a bullet through its reforming brain . 
 `` keep in . 
 controlled bursts , conserve your ammo , '' he yelled over the sound of firing as the small group of humans clustered back to back for protection . 
 the wolves circled them , flitting in and out of cover . 
 they 'd already lost julian . 
 the wolves had gotten to him within seconds of the initial attack . 
 he snorted . 
 the stupid cunt had tried to play the hero , ignoring all orders in favor of doing his own thing like some kind of post-apocalyptic rambo . 
 these days you did n't want to be the hero . 
 playing the hero just got you dead . 
 fast . 
 the kid had deserved to suffer for the stunt he 'd pulled , but mason had done the decent thing and put a bullet between his eyes when the wolves had ripped into his stomach . 
 no one deserved to be breathing through something like that . 
 julian 's body , or what was left of it , lay off to the left . 
 his abdomen was torn open , his intestines strewn around him like the stuffing out of a battered teddy bear . 
 steam rose off the slimy red tubes in the cold morning air . 
 sausages , mason thought absently as he rattled off a couple more rounds at a werewolf that dared to poke its head over the top of an old concrete pipe . 
 he had n't had sausages in years . 
 he could still remember how they tasted . 
 little bites of pure , fatty pleasure that burst on the tongue . 
 next to him , julia kept a sharp eye out as he reloaded . 
 the drill was smoothly executed , and instinctive . 
 it was his last magazine . 
 he did n't need to ask to know they were all running low on ammunition . 
 what the f ** k where they going to do when the bullets ran out ? 
 `` single shot , '' he ordered . 
 `` make them count . 
 if you ca n't get a head shot , blow a leg out . 
 i do n't care how , but i want these f ** kers on the ground . 
 if we 're going down , we 're taking them with us . '' 
 the bushes around them rustled as the wolves closed in . 
 mason knew they were closing the net . 
 within minutes , they 'd launch their final attack and the humans were screwed six ways to sunday . 
 ahead of him , an ear poked up over one of the concrete tubes the bastards were hiding behind . 
 mason grinned . 
 it was less an ear , and more a furry suggestion of an ear . 
 disregarding his own order mason aimed and squeezed the trigger , and grinned at the squeal of pain and fury that emanated from behind the pipe . 
 `` what was that ? '' 
 he cupped his ear as though listening hard for something . 
 `` sorry you flea-bitten mutt , you 'll have to come a little closer . 
 i ca n't hear you ! '' 
 the group behind him chuckled softly . 
 within seconds , a low rumble overwhelmed the sounds of mirth , a rumble that coalesced into vicious snarling . 
 he centered himself . 
 this was it . 
 they were about to die . 
 he knew that , the men and women with him knew that . 
 miracles did n't happen . 
 not anymore , not for anyone . 
 mason rolled his shoulders , checked his safety catch was off and waited for furry vengeance . 
 today was a good day to die . 
 `` incoming , '' he yelled as the wolves swarmed out of cover . 
 gunshots sounded around him as battle was joined . 
 he emptied the last of his rounds into the face of a wolf stalking towards him and dropped into a crouch to yank the big blade from the sheath on his calf . 
 `` come on , you bastard . 
 come get me . '' 
 mason 's voice was thick with fury as he faced off against a lean , pissed-off-looking wolf with a tattered ear and murder in his amber eyes . 
 mason grinned , showing all his teeth . 
 `` let 's see if i ca n't make that other ear match ... '' the wolf curled its lip back , and snarled a low warning of pain and terror to come . 
 as it bunched powerful legs underneath its body , mason prepared for his last battle . 
 adrenalin sang in his veins . 
 there was nothing like the imminent threat of death to make a man feel alive . 
 he felt no fear . 
 in fact , he did n't feel anything at all . 
 except a small measure of regret about kicking andy out of town last night without even trying for so much as a kiss . 
 the wolf lunged at him . 
 mason was quicker . 
 he sidestepped as the creature rushed him , letting its momentum and weight carry it past him . 
 as it did , he stepped back into its side , easily avoiding the slash of vicious teeth and landed a solid back-fist on the side of its skull . 
 the wolf howled as mason grimaced in pain . 
 it was like punching bloody granite . 
 the creature turned , and mason knew he was done for . 
 the group was scattered , wolves closing in on each of them . 
 julie , his fire team partner screamed as a wolf tumbled her to the ground , standing over her and slowly licking her face . 
 `` come on then . 
 come and get me . '' 
 mason 's lip curled back as he snarled . 
 `` i hope i give you the shits . '' 
 the wolf grinned , eyeing him up as though deciding which tasty portion of mason 's anatomy he was snacking on first . 
 mason 's grip tightened on the blade in his hand . 
 no matter where the creature struck , his knife was going through its heart . 
 `` want a hand there , handsome ? '' 
 the seductive voice took him by surprise . 
 andy . 
 he slid a glance sideways , trying to look at her and keep an eye on the wolf too . 
 `` what the hell are you doing here , woman ? '' 
 she was already injured . 
 blood coated one of her arms , soaking through the light material of her t-shirt . 
 the bullet hole at the shoulder and the tattered skin beneath told him the blood was hers . 
 `` you 'll get hurt . '' 
 mason was n't quite sure how the events of the next thirty seconds unfolded . 
 as the snarling werewolf launched itself towards them he tried to shove her out of the way , and protect her with his own body . 
 only she was n't there anymore . 
 chapter four grim determination flowed through andy 's veins as she stepped towards the were . 
 her non-human instincts were in full force . 
 its lifeline was bright red , ready to be reaped . 
 trouble was , the soul was still firmly embedded in the body , and she knew from the look in its eye that it was n't giving it up without a fight . 
 she grinned . 
 just the way she liked them . 
 time slowed to a crawl as the creature barreled towards her . 
 she dropped to one knee , the other leg stretched out for balance , as it sailed over her . 
 spinning the sickle in her right hand she sliced across its belly . 
 the contents of its abdomen evacuated the premises in a torrent of blood and heavier things . 
 andy ignored it as it thudded to the ground to twitch its last . 
 the soul and the body were separate , and that was all she cared about . 
 most corpses tended to twitch a little before they realized they were dead . 
 she turned her attention on the other wolves . 
 some of the humans were already dead-there was nothing she could do about that . 
 all she could do was protect those that still lived . 
 muscles filled with the power of her calling , andy swept through them like a hurricane . 
 her blades sliced and diced , ripped and danced , as she caught fur and bone alike , slicing through the body to catch the soul inside . 
 within seconds she stood in a pile of lupine bodies . 
 her eyes were flat and unemotional as she watched the remaining wolves beat a hasty retreat . 
 she did n't blame them . 
 vamps and weres-both thought they were the top of the food chain . 
 did them good to come across something more powerful ... something they could n't beat , could n't kill . 
 slowly she became aware of her ragged breathing , and the pain streaking like wildfire down her arm . 
 she wrinkled her nose as she looked at her shoulder . 
 `` dammit ... '' the bullet had ripped through the fabric , and from the feel of it , was still lodged in her flesh . 
 great , surgery before lunch . 
 she sighed . 
 she needed a vacation . 
 somewhere hot . 
 she 'd heard hawaii was nice this time of year . 
 `` here , you 're bleeding . 
 let me . '' 
 a voice at her side made andy jump a little . 
 she turned and looked up into warm eyes . 
 a smear of blood marked his cheek , but andy was caught instead by the small laughter lines at the corners of his eyes . 
 he must have smiled a lot at some point . 
 the desire to get him to smile at her was nearly overwhelming . 
 `` this ? 
 it 's just a scratch . '' 
 she flinched as he slapped a field dressing over her arm and applied pressure . 
 to her , it was little more than a hole in her skin . 
 she would n't call it a wound . 
 such a name gave it an importance that was unwarranted . 
 whatever she did-dressed it or allowed it to bleed-nothing untoward would happen . 
 no matter how much blood she lost , she would n't bleed out . 
 `` just a scratch , huh ? '' 
 his lips quirked into a half smile . 
 the expression transformed his harshly handsome face into something that took andy 's breath away . 
 oh , for god 's sake girl , get a grip . 
 he 's a good-looking guy and you 're an intelligent woman . 
 no need to start thinking with your damn ovaries . 
 `` i suppose if you lost your leg , you 'd claim it was a mere flesh wound , eh ? '' 
 `` something like that . '' 
 her smile turned into a hiss of pain as he pressed hard onto her arm . 
 it hurt like a bitch , but her reaper physiology only needed a little help . 
 already the bleeding had stopped , and she could feel the skin starting to close . 
 she could feel something in there , which meant she was going to have to open it up later to get the damn thing out . 
 trust her to get hit by the only shotgun in the group , just her luck . 
 `` how 's it feel ? '' 
 his pale eyes studied her with a perception andy found disturbing and thrilling at the same time . 
 it was like he could see right through to her soul . 
 if she even had one ... the jury was still out on that . 
 still she had a feeling that , of all the people she 'd come across in the last ten years , mason was the one who would see past her human disguise to the real woman beneath . 
 she wiped her blades off on the nearest furry carcass with swift swipes and sheathed them with efficient movements . 
 they slid back into place with a satisfying click . 
 waving his hand away , she gingerly peeled back the field dressing to look . 
 as she 'd suspected the ragged tear in her skin was closed and fresh , pink skin had taken its place . 
 she flashed him a smile as she dropped the dressing back into place . 
 `` good as new , thanks . '' 
 mason arched an eyebrow . 
 `` what , no pain ? 
 feeling dizzy , anything like that ? '' 
 she gave him a long look . 
 `` not human , remember ? '' 
 `` hmm ... you still bleed like the rest of us . '' 
 his voice was low as he looked around the small group . 
 they were scattered around the scene of their showdown with the wolves . 
 a couple just lay on their backs , staring up at the sky as they dragged harsh breaths of air into their lungs . 
 `` yeah . 
 so do wolves . '' 
 mason frowned , looking at the small pile of lupine bodies in front of them . 
 `` that 's odd . 
 they normally turn human again when you kill them . '' 
 surprise filled andy , but she hid it as she looked sideways at him . 
 she 'd under-estimated him . 
 again . 
 after seeing the way he had the town set up , she should know better . 
 `` they do . 
 well spotted . 
 i take it you 've killed a few in your time ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` yeah . 
 spent a couple of years on the road before settling down . 
 traveled with a witch for six months ... seen just about everything that 's out there . '' 
 a witch . 
 it made sense now . 
 the defenses at the town were n't random-they were planned with experience of protecting such a location . 
 `` i saw . 
 nice touch with the devil 's trap on the main gate . 
 almost did n't spot that . 
 good setup , i 'm guessing you 're ex-military ? '' 
 surprise filled his eyes . 
 `` you saw that ? 
 it 's invisible . '' 
 `` to a human maybe . 
 as we 've already established , i 'm not human . '' 
 `` good point . 
 what are you ? '' 
 blunt and to the point . 
 she liked that in a guy . 
 the smile that had been trying to break free for the last couple of minutes spread across her lips . 
 she tapped the side of her nose . 
 `` that 's for me to know , and you to find out . '' 
 mason looked at her for a long moment , the corners of his lips twitching suspiciously . 
 then , as though he could n't hold it in any longer , he burst into laughter . 
 `` oh , i intend to , sweetheart , i intend to . '' 
 andy 's heart , an organ she 'd long thought dead , skipped at the warm smile and flirtatious look on his face . 
 oh hell , this man could charm the birds from the trees if he wanted . 
 a second later though , it was gone as he flicked a glance down at her arm . 
 his jaw tightened , and she could sense the inner battle raging from the tenseness of his body . 
 `` you should come back with us . 
 you know ... in case that gets infected . '' 
 `` breaking your own rules , mason ? 
 tsk , tsk . 
 shame on you . '' 
 she softened her refusal with a smile . 
 `` i 'll be okay . 
 you get your guys back to safety before the rest of this lot come looking for their friends . '' 
 `` of all the stubborn , mule-headed , bloody stupid ... '' bloody women . 
 ca n't live with them , ca n't live without them and most of the time they drove normal , sensibly minded guys completely insane . 
 `` you aright , hun ? '' 
 cleaning tables on the other side of the room , valerie paused and looked up at his outburst . 
 he grimaced as he leaned back in his chair . 
 maps of the local area spread over the table in front of him , highlighted by a shaft of sunlight from a nearby window . 
 he watched , his thoughts in turmoil , as dust-motes danced in the sun . 
 he could n't concentrate . 
 all he could see was the blood running down andy 's arm . 
 she was paranormal . 
 what type mason did n't know-his usual acuity in spotting what a person really was seemed absent in this particular case . 
 whatever she was , so far she had n't harmed any of them . 
 in fact , she not only had not harmed anyone in town but she 'd come riding to the rescue when they were in trouble like some kind of white knight . 
 mason sighed and ran his hands across the short stubble on his scalp . 
 the way she moved ... pure lethality and grace in motion . 
 like a combination of a ninja and the hottest super model he 'd ever seen all rolled into one uber-sexy package . 
 his perfect woman ... and he 'd let her go injured into the wilds alone . 
 what kind of f ** king idiot was he ? 
 `` nothing . 
 just a little tired , that 's all . '' 
 valerie looked less than convinced . 
 giving the table in front of her a last swipe with her cloth she picked up the bottle of cleaner and headed towards him . 
 `` mister-i-don ` t-need-sleep-invincible-mason-callahan is tired ? '' 
 she plonked the bottle and cloth down on the table and flopped onto the seat in front of him . 
 `` yeah , right . 
 try something believable ... like ... you moonlight as santa claus . 
 that i might believe . '' 
 he gave her a blank look , but the expression on her face said she was n't having any of it . 
 he swore . 
 the vicious curse did nothing but elicit laughter from the blond bar-keeper . 
 `` it 's that girl , is n't it ? 
 the one that was in here last night . 
 what was her name ... andrea or something ? '' 
 `` andy , '' he replied begrudgingly . 
 no point in trying to hide anything . 
 if v was confronting him about it , then she already had the answers . 
 just like a woman to work that way , and v was as manipulative as they came . 
 he sighed and rearranged his maps for the tenth time since opening them up . 
 he was trying to plot a route to the nearest town . 
 something that would n't leave them in the open too long , was on the least blocked highways and avoided both the local werewolf packs and vampire nests . 
 that just left the other stuff to worry about-wandering were-packs , nomadic creatures like banshees and plain weird shit he did n't have a name for . 
 `` andy . 
 i knew it was a something . 
 julie says she was out there today . '' 
 v ran her finger along a deep grove in the tabletop . 
 `` said you lot would have bought the farm if she had n't turned up . '' 
 mason just nodded . 
 `` had us surrounded . 
 must have been stalking us for a while . 
 i just did n't see it . 
 julian broke formation , so they got to him first . 
 they were about to take us all out when she showed up . 
 took on three herself , like there was no stopping her . '' 
 he shook his head , still amazed at what he 'd seen . 
 `` the rest ran . 
 like they were scared shitless of her . 
 do n't blame them , i would 've been too . '' 
 valerie looked up , her expression serious . 
 `` so , what do we think ? 
 vampire ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` not the right vibe for a vamp . '' 
 `` something worse ? '' 
 `` worse than a vamp ? '' 
 mason chuckled , but valerie 's words struck a chord deep within him . 
 there was something dangerous about andy . 
 something werewolves ran from , something he was sure would scare the un-dead crap out of vampires too . 
 it was the same thing that called out like a siren to him . 
 he stood in a lithe movement and gathered his maps . 
 `` she helped us , and she got hurt . 
 would n't come into town because of our rules . 
 that does n't sit right with me . 
 human or not , the last thing anyone needs out there is to be bleeding from a fresh wound . 
 i 'm gon na go look for her ... she 's on foot . 
 ca n't have gotten far . '' 
 `` fucking ... hell ! '' 
 the sound of andy 's curses reverberated back at her , echoed nicely by the concrete of the old bridge she 'd made camp under . 
 there was a small tent in the backpack next to her sleeping bag but she rarely bothered to unpack it unless the weather was crappy . 
 more curses spilled from her lips as she glared at the bloody mess that was her shoulder . 
 small knife in her hand , not one of her sickles , she squinted and tried to spot the pellet she knew was in there . 
 `` stupid cow . 
 you should have dug it out there and then , not let it heal over . '' 
 gritting her teeth , she probed with the knife again . 
 just because she could n't die did n't mean she could n't feel pain . 
 right now , she was feeling shed-loads of it . 
 her blade scraped against bone , sending razor sharp needles of pain through her , and twisted her gut into a cat 's cradle of bile and nausea . 
 not throwing up , not throwing up , she chanted the mantra in her head as she tried to force the feeling back down . 
 she hated being sick . 
 hated it with a passion . 
 always had , and always would . 
 leaning back against the rough concrete wall , she tried to use the cold surface to leech some of the heat from her body as she waited for the feeling to subside . 
 by slow degrees it did , until she could think straight again . 
 grimly she gathered the courage to try again . 
 finally she lifted her head to study the edges of the wound again . 
 `` what the hell do you think you 're doing ? '' 
 andy jumped , and lost her grip on the knife . 
 `` oh bollocks ! 
 look at what you made me do , '' she snapped , searching in the folds of her sleeping bag for the bloodied knife . 
 it came away from the fabric with a wet smear that made her wince . 
 `` great , that 's gon na need sponging off or the flies will have a field day . 
 what the hell are you doing out here anyway ? 
 thought you 'd be tucked up all nice and safe in your little town ? '' 
 mason stalked into the circle of light cast by the small fire . 
 `` looking for you , that 's what . 
 wanted to make sure you were n't doing anything stupid ... like trying to carve up your arm with a god-damned butcher 's knife ! '' 
 she frowned at the blade in her hand . 
 sure , it was a little on the long side but it was the only straight blade she had . 
 her sickles were sharper , but knowing her luck , she 'd probably amputate her own arm . 
 `` huh ? 
 this thing ? 
 it 's nowhere near heavy enough for a butcher 's knife . '' 
 ignoring him as he squatted in front of her , she dug the knife into her arm again . 
 the pellet was still in there ... she could feel it . 
 after her second bout of swearing mason reached out and plucked the knife from her hand . 
 `` here . 
 let me . 
 i 'll make less of a mess than you are . 
 you trying to end up with a scar ? '' 
 andy shrugged . 
 `` would n't make a difference . 
 i do n't scar . '' 
 `` yeah , right . 
 everyone scars ... only things that do n't are vamps . 
 and you are n't a vamp . 
 i might be human , but i 'm not stupid . '' 
 his voice was amused as he studied her arm . 
 light from the fire behind him caught the tips of his cropped hair , casting the hard plains of his face into shadow and giving him a fiery-red halo . 
 she leaned her head back and closed her eyes . 
 felt nice to let someone look after her for a change . 
 `` i could be a day-walker vampire . '' 
 he chuckled . 
 `` sorry sweetheart . 
 this is reality , not a hollywood blockbuster . 
 only vamps we got are the ones who do n't tan well . '' 
 fingers moving gently , he probed the ragged edges of the wound in her arm . 
 then he paused . 
 `` this looks different . 
 what have you been doing to it ? '' 
 `` doing to it ? 
 you mean , other than digging around in it with a sharp implement ? '' 
 it was sarcastic and she knew it . 
 but andy could n't help it . 
 she 'd always had a sharp tongue and spending years traveling with only herself for company ... that was bound to warp even the healthiest of minds . 
 she did n't want to think too closely on her mental state . 
 if a psychiatrist assessed her , she was sure the words homicidal and possibly fruit-loop would feature heavily in their report . 
 he shot her a look . 
 andy grinned , unrepentant . 
 `` what ? 
 ask a stupid question , get a stupid answer . 
 owww ! 
 lay off with the squeezing , would you ? 
 that bloody hurts . '' 
 `` cry-baby . 
 it 's just a scratch . 
 remember ? '' 
 he ignored her glare with an innocent expression and carried on manipulating around the wound . 
 blood oozed thickly down her arm . 
 `` it was just a scratch . 
 earlier . 
 that was before i opened it up to dig a hole the size of freaking china to find the pellet one of your friends shot me with . '' 
 `` it 's the wrong shape . '' 
 `` what do you mean it 's the wrong shape ? '' 
 andy winced and tried to wriggle away as he put more pressure on her upper arm and dug in with the knife . 
 bloody hell , with friends like this , who needed enemies ? 
 pain lanced down her arm as he went after the pellet . 
 fire and ice shot through her body and brought a slick of sweat to her skin . 
 she clamped her jaw shut to keep from crying out until she was sure the pressure was going to crack her teeth . 
 `` ahh , there it is . '' 
 mason sat back on his heels , the small pellet between his bloodied thumb and forefinger . 
 with satisfaction , he threw it into the fire . 
 `` it 's the wrong shape for china . 
 so , what do you mean by you opened it up ? 
 had it already scabbed over ? '' 
 she recognized a leading question when she heard one . 
 humans healed slowly but still , most paranormal races would show some sign of such a recent injury-a healing wound , or a scar-something . 
 `` not scabbed over , no . '' 
 she paused . 
 was she ready to tell him what she was ? 
 he already knew she was n't a vampire so she could n't give that excuse . 
 was being the physical embodiment of death worse than being a blood-sucking fiend from beyond the grave ? 
 what the hell ... he already knew she was n't human . 
 `` it had healed over . '' 
 the silence between them stretched out . 
 his gaze locked with hers , and she could n't look away . 
 even if the bombs had fallen all over again , she would n't have been able to move a muscle . 
 his expression was level and emotionless , apart from his eyes . 
 his eyes blazed with suspicion and a deep , dark something andy was n't sure she was reading right . 
 if she did n't know better , she 'd say it was ... interest ? 
 that could n't be right , even when she 'd been human men had never found her interesting , much less attractive . 
 too short , too skinny , pale skin , dark hair . 
 an all-round plain jane . 
 great . 
 the first guy she was interested in and who just might be interested in her , and she was about to tell him she was the female version of the grim reaper . 
 the battle continued to wage in his eyes , the knuckles of the hand that held the knife white with pressure . 
 his voice was tight and contained . 
 `` i 'll ask again , for the last time . 
 what are you ? '' 
 mason 's heart did a tango in his chest as he waited for her answer . 
 he 'd come out to look for her because he 'd been worried . 
 concerned about her safety out here all alone and injured . 
 concerned about a woman who 'd taken down three fully shifted lycan 's without so much as breaking a sweat . 
 well done , mason . 
 that 's what thinking with your prick does for you . 
 her dark eyes flicked to the blade in his hand . 
 one by one he forced his fingers to relax . 
 she might be about to tear his face from his skull but he felt a strange need not to scare her . 
 she was small , female ... and that delicate curl in the curve of her neck was driving him nuts . 
 of all the women he 'd met-why did the only one that sparked an interest in him have to be a paranormal ? 
 `` you sure you want to know ? '' 
 her arched eyebrow was a challenge he could n't ignore . 
 throwing caution to the wind he flicked his wrist and half threw-half thrust the knife into the dirt by his knee . 
 with the speed she 'd displayed earlier , no knife was going to help if she wanted to hurt him . 
 `` the truth , '' he said firmly . 
 he 'd had enough of being given the run around by this one . 
 however pretty she was , with her masses of dark hair and soft lips that made a man think wicked things , he had a limited supply of patience . 
 again that maddening half smile flirted with the corner of her lips . 
 `` the truth ? 
 you ca n't handle the truth . '' 
 amusement rolled through him at her quick-fire reply . 
 for a moment all of it fell away-the war , the hard fight for survival since , the fact the town was running out of food . 
 for a few blessed seconds he could forget and just enjoy being in her company . 
 `` you ever going to give me a straight answer , or just more movie quotes ? '' 
 `` depends . '' 
 she grinned , a quick flash of teeth against her pale skin . 
 he knew she was n't a vampire , but still mason did a quick dental check . 
 no elongated canines or anything that could be remotely described as a fang . 
 `` depends on what ? '' 
 at his words the atmosphere between them changed . 
 her eyes darkened and he was stuck , caught in a web of fascination . 
 heat and smoke coiled in puppy-dog brown , changing her eyes from pretty to breathtaking . 
 need and desire hit him low down in the gut , sending shivers along every inch of his skin . 
 `` on whether you kiss me or not . '' 
 chapter five the bold statement threw a shudder along mason 's spine . 
 his gaze dropped to her lips . 
 plump and perfect with a slight sheen across the lower one . 
 a cupid 's bow of temptation . 
 he should n't , he knew that ... there were a thousand reasons why he should n't . 
 `` is that so ? '' 
 he leaned forwards by slow degrees , teasing them both with anticipation . 
 her breath caught as she went still , her gaze locked on his mouth . 
 his lips brushed hers . 
 an introductory touch that whispered over the surface of her skin . 
 she moaned . 
 a soft sound in the back of her throat , but it fuelled his male pride . 
 with a groan he claimed her mouth fully . 
 crushing her lips under his , he dominated the kiss , demanding a response from her . 
 his hand delved into the thick hair at the nape of her neck and held her head still as he explored every inch of her lips . 
 this is heaven . 
 her lips were soft and seductive , clinging to his as she wrapped her arms around his neck . 
 he 'd heard flowery descriptions from old books about this moment ... about women tasting like champagne and strawberries and other such nonsense . 
 andy did n't taste like that . 
 what she did taste like was indescribable . 
 like a taste that extended through his whole body and affected each part of him from the top of his head right down to his toes , and certain portions of his anatomy in between . 
 bollocks to champagne and strawberries-she tasted of heaven and coming home . 
 a taste he wanted more of . 
 wrapping his arms more securely around her he pulled her forwards onto his lap . 
 she whimpered again , that little half-moan in the back of her throat that called out to everything male within him . 
 sweeping his tongue over her lower lip he demanded entry . 
 like a flower opening to the sun she let him in , and then it was mason 's turn to bite back a moan . 
 he slid his tongue against hers , teasing and tempting , and then , when she responded to him , he took control again . 
 his free hand roamed down her back , and the part of his brain that was functioning noted how well she fit against him . 
 her slender curves were a perfect match for the harder plains of his body . 
 within seconds the kiss was n't enough , was never going to be enough . 
 the need to roll her under him and slide deep into her welcoming softness almost overwhelmed him , and banished all other thoughts . 
 the crotch of his jeans tented , the savage ache there reminding him just how long it had been since he 'd been with a woman . 
 how long it had been since he 'd even wanted to be . 
 gentling his movements with an iron control he did n't know he had , mason lowered her to her back and stretched over her . 
 one large hand looped about her wrists and he pulled them slowly over her head , alert for any sign of discomfort . 
 her breathing caught , a delightful little hitch as her eyes darkened another notch . 
 her back arched as he held her hands captive . 
 her br ** sts brushed against his chest , and caused a cascade of fire to roll down his spine . 
 she was smaller than he 'd thought . 
 now , with that sassy tongue quiet and her eyes watching him with an unreadable expression , he realized just how delicate she really was . 
 a warm breeze gusted over them , catching a stray curl and blowing it over her face . 
 slowly , gently , he reached out and brushed it back . 
 the look of wary trust in her eyes nearly unmanned him . 
 `` if you do n't want this , say something now . '' 
 his demand was raspy and rough-edged , but he did n't care . 
 swooping in , he claimed her lips again , letting go of her hands . 
 he did n't know , did n't want to think , what he was going to do if she said no . 
 okay , so that was a lie . 
 somehow he would find the strength to release her from his arms . 
 he 'd never forced a woman before , and there was no way he intended to start . 
 her lips pursed in disappointment when he pulled away to look at her . 
 `` as i recall i asked you to kiss me . '' 
 she stroked a soft hand up his arm , finding the edge of the worn t-shirt and sliding under it . 
 he sucked in a ragged breath . 
 he was harder than he could ever recall . 
 what was it about her that drew such a reaction from him ? 
 `` yeah , but a kiss is n't the same as ... um ... '' just like that mason found himself speechless . 
 what the hell did he say next ? 
 having sex ... f ** king ... doing the dirty ? 
 making love ? 
 startled , he damped down on that last thought , not sure where it had come from . 
 he 'd known her all of forty-eight hours . 
 love did n't come into it in any way , shape , or form . 
 `` mason ? '' 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 `` shut up , and get your kit off . '' 
 `` yes , ma'am . '' 
 the speed mason scrambled to obey her softly spoken order massaged andy 's feminine ego . 
 within a heartbeat he hauled his shirt over his head to reveal a muscled and scarred torso that made her mouth water . 
 his t-shirt had barely hit the ground before he started on his belt buckle . 
 she chuckled softly . 
 `` slow down , tiger . 
 we have all night . '' 
 his second boot thudded into the dirt next to the first . 
 andy paid it no mind as mason crawled towards her . 
 the inferno in her veins threatened to engulf her , burning everything else away apart from the arousal that clenched her stomach and made her ache . 
 her skin was too hot and tight . 
 pulling at her top she fought down the urge to tear it away from her . 
 she needed to feel the cool night air against her skin , needed to cool the fires that raged through her at the look in his eyes . 
 `` oh , i know . 
 i 'm counting on it . '' 
 his voice was a silken whisper as he reached her . 
 then he was in her space , something she guarded jealously , not allowing anyone within it . 
 he did n't seem to care , crowding her with a dominance , which took her breath away . 
 `` i 'm planning on using that time to explore you . 
 taste you ... and make you scream my name . '' 
 a soft moan of need and arousal escaped her before she could stop it . 
 his hands bracketed the sides of her head , capturing her between the hard ground under her and his hard male body above . 
 his nostrils flared as a tiny muscle in his jaw pulsed tightly . 
 he wanted her but still he held back . 
 the air around them swirled with sexual tension , yet he was taking things slow rather than falling on her like an animal . 
 `` if you want me to stop , say something , '' he begged hoarsely . 
 `` because if you do n't say something in the next two seconds , then it 's gon na be too late . '' 
 she smiled-the mysterious little smile of a woman who knows she has her man . 
 arching her back she let her br ** sts brush against the hardness of his chest . 
 he was lean and solid , with the kind of muscle that said he did n't spend his days sitting comfortable at a guard post . 
 no , he had muscles that could only have been built by hard work and hunting . 
 the scent of warm , clean man filled her senses . 
 andy lifted her hand and trailed her fingers down his chest and then beyond to explore the ridge at the front of his jeans . 
 he shuddered and closed his eyes . 
 she smiled , enjoying her sensual hold over this powerful man . 
 again that disturbing feeling , that he was more than human , came back to haunt her . 
 she squashed it in favor of dipping the tips of her fingers under his waistband . 
 `` how about you quit talking and make good on your promises ? '' 
 his lips crashed down on hers . 
 without thinking she opened up , allowing him access . 
 his tongue thrust past her lips , and he kissed her like there was no tomorrow . 
 their hands were everywhere , stroking and caressing , touching and teasing . 
 clothing fell away as though it were no more substantial than mist . 
 his skin slid against hers and she was lost . 
 they moved in concert , part of a dance as old as time yet made new all over again because this was their dance . 
 heat and need welled up from her core as his hair-roughened knee slid between her thighs . 
 they parted automatically , his weight cradled by her hips . 
 her teeth worried at her lower lip as he moved . 
 the broad head of his arousal brushed against the entrance to her body , slick and ready for him . 
 with a moan that was echoed a second later by hers , he sank into her welcoming warmth . 
 sleep receded in comfortable waves and , for the first time in years , andy woke feeling refreshed . 
 grunting in complaint as the chill dampness of the morning air whispered across her exposed cheeks , she snuggled back against the warm , male chest behind her . 
 waking up next to someone was a novel feeling , something new , but she liked it . 
 she had n't woken up next to anyone for a long time . 
 sure , she 'd had lovers ... she was n't an innocent , no matter how people decided to interpret her looks ... there was no way she 'd have trusted any of them enough to sleep next to them though . 
 she knew better than to put herself in such a vulnerable position . 
 some people said hav ** g s * x was the most vulnerable position a woman could be in . 
 that allowing such intimate access to her body left her open to all kinds of emotional and physical violence . 
 andy disagreed . 
 if someone was going to hurt you then they were going to do it anyway . 
 or at the least , try . 
 awake , you could fight back . 
 you could see the situation developing and manage it to the best of your ability . 
 anyone that could n't see a violent situation brewing these days quite honestly did n't deserve to live . 
 it was survival of the fittest . 
 asleep a person , male or female , was truly defenseless . 
 a solitary bird chirped the dawn chorus with entirely too much enthusiasm . 
 andy yawned and opened her eyes . 
 the campsite was a mess . 
 clothes and boots lay in a tangled mess , thrown willy-nilly in their passion last night . 
 the only things laid out neatly within easy reach of the sleeping bag were their weapons . 
 she wriggled again , trying to get more comfortable . 
 it was a roomy single but with masons large frame crammed into it as well , it was a little snug . 
 the smell of warm bodies , sleep and sex wafted up as she wriggled . 
 she felt deliciously sore in places she had begun to think did n't exist anymore . 
 hell , a nun would have seen more action than she had the last couple of years . 
 he 'd woken her a couple of times in the night and their coupling had gone from tender and touching to fast and frenzied , as though they could n't get enough of each other . 
 ordinarily that sort of link would have scared the crap out of her , but with mason it felt right . 
 amused , she snorted a little . 
 who would have thought it ... the big , bad reaper feeling safe and protected in the arms of a human ? 
 behind her mason stirred , and his strong arm looped crosswise over her body to pull her closer into him . 
 he sighed and buried his face against the nape of her neck , as if she were a human-sized teddy bear . 
 she nuzzled her cheek against his hand on her shoulder . 
 what was it about him ? 
 as soon as she 'd seen him in the bar the other day something had pricked her interest . 
 both her feminine and her non-human instincts had stood up and taken notice . 
 at first she 'd thought the latter was because he was due to make a decision that might bring him under her blades but no , a look at his lifeline had revealed a dull , flat line . 
 she turned her head to study him . 
 he was older than she was . 
 physically at least . 
 inside andy felt ancient . 
 if she did n't know better , she 'd believe the claim her grandmother had always made . 
 `` you 're an old soul , andrea , my love . 
 you 've been here before . '' 
 the first part might have been true but not the latter . 
 she did n't have a soul , ancient or otherwise , just a dead lifeline . 
 she snorted in wry amusement . 
 dead lifeline for a reaper . 
 fitting . 
 mid-thirties , she decided , still studying mason . 
 his muscled frame bore no puppy fat and the lines on his face were telling . 
 even before the war he 'd had a hard life . 
 his skin bore the scars of violence ... both new and old ... one gunshot wound looked like it had been treated surgically , which put it pre-war . 
 yes , his lifeline was different . 
 now she had the chance and the leisure to study it properly she realized it was the grey of humanity but flatter than normal . 
 most lifelines pulsated with life , the potential of a thousand decisions taking them closer or further away from the touch of the reaper . 
 his did n't move , no pulse of life even though her other senses , and her experiences last night , told her he was very much alive . 
 how odd , she thought to herself . 
 just what are you , mason ? 
 mason woke as a cold draft chased down his spine . 
 pulling the sleeping bag tighter around his bare torso he tried to recapture sleep . 
 then it occurred to him that he did n't sleep nak * d and did n't own a sleeping bag . 
 movement nearby had his eyes snapping open . 
 for a second he was treated to an extremely nice view of andy 's backside before she pulled her jeans up over her hips . 
 everything slammed back in a second ... going after her , her wounded arm , and everything else . 
 no wonder he was tired , the woman was insatiable . 
 `` nice view to wake to . '' 
 his voice was rough and raspy with sleep . 
 propping himself on one elbow mason cleared his throat and waited for her answer . 
 she was gorgeous , all slender curves and satin skin . 
 his c * ck stirred as he thought of what they 'd done . 
 by rights he should be exhausted , but he wanted her again already . 
 a frown settled onto his brow at her quick movements . 
 this was no leisurely dressing , she was moving with economy and purpose , as though she needed to be somewhere quick . 
 that or she wanted to be away from somewhere quickly . 
 or someone ... `` going someplace ? '' 
 his voice was light-hearted , but concealed the doubt that seethed in his gut . 
 she regretted last night ... that was it , and she was trying to get away from him as fast as she could . 
 `` your soul is dark mason , black and steeped in blood . 
 i ca n't be around you . 
 not anymore . '' 
 julietta 's words , never far away , escaped from the locked box he kept them in and swam up to haunt him . 
 once the first part of the memory was free , the rest wriggled loose and filled his mind . 
 `` babe , you know i 've only been protecting us . 
 that girl was n't human ... she was going to kill us , '' he argued , shock filled his chest . 
 he needed julie . 
 she was the only thing that made sense in a world gone mad . 
 she shook her head , her palm soft against his cheek as she looked into his eyes . 
 looked down into his very soul . 
 `` it 's not that mason . 
 it 's not even recent . 
 your soul ... it 's dark , black . 
 i 've never seen anything like it . 
 you have blood and lives on your hands . 
 i 'm sorry , i ca n't be around someone like that . 
 it 's not good for my karma . '' 
 mason 's heart stilled as lead lined his gut . 
 perhaps his soul was too corrupt for any woman to want him for more than a night and a quick fuck . 
 his heart ached . 
 he did n't want that , did n't want to be a throwaway lover . 
 he knew he was n't a good prospect for any woman , but for andy , he wanted to be . 
 `` huh ? 
 what ? '' 
 the exasperated look she shot him as she shrugged on her jacket and reached for her curved blades reassured him . 
 it was n't the hunted look of a woman trying to get away but the look of someone with a task on their mind . 
 `` yeah , time to get up . 
 early bird catches the worm and all that . '' 
 she slammed home the buckles of the sheath and tested how easily the wicked-looking blades pulled free . 
 nodding in satisfaction she looked at him and smiled . 
 his breath caught in his throat . 
 the expression transformed her from pretty to breathtaking . 
 their gazes locked . 
 she knew what he was going to ask , and he knew she knew it . 
 before he could open his mouth though , she spoke . 
 `` i. . . 
 help people . 
 it 's part of what i am , '' she explained , as though the words were dragged from her . 
 `` like i helped you yesterday . '' 
 `` you save people from werewolves ? '' 
 her dark hair danced on her shoulders as she shook her head . 
 `` not just wolves . 
 any predator , paranormal or human . 
 far too many of them out there . '' 
 `` how can you tell someone needs help ? '' 
 mason was relentless in his questioning but he had to know . 
 they were his people in the town and damned if he was going to put them ... or her in danger . 
 `` i just can . '' 
 she leaned forwards and brushed a lingering kiss against his lips . 
 carnal thoughts ambushed mason as the urge to drag her back down onto the sleeping bag almost over-whelmed him . 
 possessiveness filled him . 
 somehow , in the last two days , she 'd wormed her way past his guard and under his skin . 
 this was his woman , damn it , and no one was stealing her away , not as long as he had breath in his body . 
 it took them less than five minutes to pack the campsite up . 
 whilst she packed the sleeping back , mason dealt with everything else . 
 a few minutes later he did the top of the pack and looked around . 
 all that remained of their cozy little camp was the remains of the fire . 
 slinging the backpack over one shoulder he kicked the ashes over to make sure it was out . 
 he stamped again , trying to shake the ash , which clung in a black tidemark on the battered leather . 
 there was no sense in making tracking them any easier . 
 leaning down he grabbed his rifle , and smiled at andy . 
 `` ready ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 let 's go . '' 
 chapter six thoughts swirled around his head as they walked in silence . 
 whilst they were alone , them being together seemed right , normal . 
 now , faced with their return to the town , he could reflect on the strangeness of it all and on the strange puzzle she presented . 
 trouble was , even after the long walk that got him back in sight of the town walls , he was no closer to solving it than he had been when they started . 
 `` wait . 
 there 's something wrong . '' 
 instantly mason slowed his pace and slid her a sideways glance . 
 everything looked fine . 
 the walls were quiet . 
 automatically he glanced at the town walls as he approached , looking for damage or smoke that would indicate the town had been over-run whilst he was gone . 
 nothing was out of place . 
 `` you sure ? '' 
 everything looked fine but , after yesterday , he was n't going to argue . 
 she had a serious set of non-human skills on her , and he 'd be nuts to ignore that . 
 she stood motionless , her eyes not on the walls ahead , but out of focus , as though she could see something he could n't . 
 `` something bad has happened . 
 i 'm going to scout around . 
 be careful . '' 
 before he could say another word she stepped backwards , and pulled a houdini on him . 
 mason looked at the space she 'd been just a moment before for a long moment . 
 `` great . 
 chicks that disappear . 
 what next ? '' 
 with nothing better to do and not wanting to stand around like a lemon with a thumb up his ass , mason turned towards the town and resettled andy 's backpack over his shoulder . 
 disappearing act or not , he knew she was coming back . 
 if only to collect her belongings . 
 `` morning , joe , '' he nodded to the guard on the outer redoubt as he passed . 
 a man of few words , joe nodded back and let him pass . 
 mason did n't think anything of the long , sweeping glance as he walked by . 
 all his people knew that anyone coming in was suspect . 
 for all they knew he could have run into a vampire or worse whilst out there and been changed into something else . 
 there was n't a guard on the main gate . 
 damn it ! 
 how many times had he told them to get cover when they had to take a leak ? 
 irritation flashed white hot in mason 's chest as he stormed down the main street . 
 all he wanted was to make sure they were safe , and they disregarded the most basic safety principles . 
 it was enough to make a guy lose it ... his footsteps slowed as he clocked the crowd outside val 's bar . 
 his gaze moved from one grim face to the next , noting reddened eyes and tear tracks down dust-covered cheeks . 
 then he realized the children were gone . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 stony silence met his question . 
 dread curled its icy fingers around mason 's gut as he looked from one stony face to the other . 
 instead of the warmth he was used to , their eyes were hard and unforgiving . 
 he 'd seen that look before . 
 right before they drew down on something non-human . 
 `` well come on . 
 i 'm no mindreader . 
 someone tell me what bloody well happened ! '' 
 wariness thrilled through his veins like a fine concerto played by an orchestra . 
 they were armed . 
 thanks to him they were always armed but this was different . 
 the subtle change in their body language said he needed to be careful , very careful . 
 `` where 've you been , mason ? '' 
 he half turned at the voice behind him to find joe , his rifle held loosely . 
 surprise joined the wariness and worry fighting for dominance in his veins . 
 he needed andy here , something was very wrong . 
 `` what are you playing at ? 
 please do n't tell me the gate 's unguarded ... '' joe shrugged . 
 `` seems to me we got more worries in here than we have from out there . 
 where were you last night ? '' 
 `` i went after andy , the girl who saved our asses against the wolves yesterday , remember ? 
 she was wounded ... '' he trailed off as the silent tension in the group mounted . 
 `` andy ... the paranormal chick we threw out a couple of days ago ? '' 
 mason 's brow furrowed at the hostility in joe 's voice . 
 he turned a little more , trying to keep an eye on the weapons in the group . 
 his instincts screamed at him to un-sling his rifle and take cover , but he stayed where he was . 
 that the crowd had itchy trigger fingers was easy enough to see . 
 just one move would be enough to set them off . 
 `` well , it was n't really a case of letting her anything . 
 if she had n't shown up then we 'd all be dead , you know that joe . '' 
 he looked around , searching the group for another face . 
 `` so do you julia . '' 
 julia 's expression was n't as understanding as he 'd expected . 
 instead fear and hatred filled her eyes . 
 `` aye , but better us dead than those creatures take our kids . '' 
 `` aye , she 's right . '' 
 `` should have let be , like fred ... god rest his soul ... said . '' 
 `` his fault ... we should never have listened to him . '' 
 the chorus of agreement from the parents in the group staggered mason . 
 they saw him as the enemy ? 
 nausea rolled in his gut and clawed its way up his throat . 
 in his travels he 'd seen what happened when a community turned on one of its own , for whatever reason . 
 the result was never pretty . 
 `` what ... the wolves took the kids ? '' 
 he demanded , desperate to get to the bottom of this . 
 instinctively he looked for valerie . 
 please do n't let them have taken suzie . 
 his heart dropped when he located her at the back . 
 her reddened eyes and tear-marked cheeks were answer enough . 
 `` aye . 
 they took the kids . 
 stole in here in the middle of the night whilst we were sleeping and took them . '' 
 `` what about the guards ? '' 
 `` took out katie on the outer wall with a crossbow . 
 we do n't know what happened to victor on the gate , no sign of him . 
 it was only old fred , god rest his soul , that tried to stop them . '' 
 mason was stunned . 
 they 'd protected the town for years against creatures , how could their methods fail so dramatically in one night ? 
 he 'd only left to go after andy because he was sure that the town was adequately defended . 
 `` this is your fault . '' 
 the shrill accusation came from behind him . 
 mason turned again , feeling like he was watching a tennis match . 
 `` how ? '' 
 `` if you had n't told that wolf no then they would n't have taken our kids . 
 god knows what they 're doing to them . 
 jamie 's only three - '' tears streamed down julia 's face as her voice cracked . 
 guilt hit him like a truck at mach-one . 
 this was his fault . 
 if he had n't gone , then he 'd have been here to stop them . 
 he opened his mouth to argue . 
 what would they have preferred ? 
 to lose five women , including some of the mothers of the children who 'd been taken ... he shut his jaw with a click . 
 he knew the answer . 
 of course they would have . 
 any parent would lay their life down if it meant his or her child lived . 
 that was what being a parent was about . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i did n't know ... '' he trailed off into silence , not sure what else to say . 
 what else could he say ? 
 then something prickled at the back of his mind . 
 god rest his soul . 
 that was n't a phrase people used for someone who was alive . 
 it was used for someone who was six foot under or shortly to head that way . 
 anguish clawed at his soul , both for the loss of a friend and the communities ' loss . 
 `` where 's fred ? '' 
 `` you 'd better come through , '' valerie said quietly from the back of the group . 
 her voice was hoarse from crying . 
 `` he does n't have long left , so we 've made him comfortable . 
 it 's all we can do ... '' the crowd parted , the hostile stares and the fingers curled around triggers making mason jumpy as he walked through them . 
 they had n't tried to relieve him of his weaponry yet , but he knew it was coming . 
 unless they planned on just turning him out of town , then someone was going to make a play for his weapons pretty soon . 
 with the way things were going , that was n't going to turn out pretty . 
 he did n't think they were going to let him walk . 
 tension was running too high , and mob mentality had already set in . 
 with their children stolen right from under their noses , they needed someone to blame . 
 mason was no idiot . 
 he was going to be the scapegoat . 
 it was already cut and dried . 
 the trouble was , he could n't blame them . 
 he was in charge of making sure the town was safe . 
 he 'd told them they could trust him , rely on him . 
 this was his fault . 
 he should n't have left them alone last night . 
 `` v , '' he started as he drew level , and tried to catch her eye . 
 of all the people in town , he was closest to valerie . 
 something deep inside needed her to understand how sorry he was for letting them down . 
 how bad he felt that their kids , that suzie , had been taken . 
 `` we 'll get them back . 
 i 'll get them back ... i 'll get suzie back . 
 i promise . '' 
 `` he 's in there . 
 you might want to hurry . 
 state he 's in , he wo n't last long . '' 
 she gave the door a sharp nod , and turned to walk away quickly . 
 mason watched her for a long moment . 
 pain lanced through him . 
 valerie did n't cry in front of people . 
 not ever . 
 blanking his expression , mason took a deep breath , steeled himself , and walked into the bar . 
 darkness enveloped him in its welcoming embrace . 
 mason paused to let his vision adjust , and regretted it . 
 out of the dark the smell of death hit him like a sucker punch to the gut . 
 bile rose and hammered on the back of his throat . 
 he swallowed it down , and tried to breathe through his mouth , his ears ... tried to breathe through anything if it meant he did n't have to suffer through the smell that was packed into the dark room like a crowd hundreds deep . 
 he 'd smelt death before , so the coppery tang of blood mixed with a fouler stench was nothing new . 
 the smell of a gut wound was unmistakable . 
 he 'd know it anywhere . 
 the contents of his stomach rose sharply again , bile burning up his throat . 
 he 'd smelt it before , but it was a hundred times worse with the realization that the person whose guts were leaking out over the floor was a friend . 
 his footsteps rang out against the floorboards in measured treads as he walked towards the bar . 
 his eyes adjusted , and the room was transformed from blackness to shades of gray . 
 within seconds , mason wished it had n't . 
 fred sat slumped in front of the bar , head dropped forwards onto his chest , with his back to the wooden surface . 
 sat was a relative term . 
 most of fred sat in front of the bar , in more or less a humanoid shape , but there were other bits mason did n't need , or want , to identify scattered around the room . 
 his sight had adjusted completely to the dim light in the room as he rounded the last table-the one riveted to the floor-and looked down at the slumped figure . 
 blood decorated the bar , the floor , and other surfaces around him in thick , black arcs that spoke of violence and pain . 
 mason could n't help the wince as he looked at what remained of his friend . 
 he was in a worse condition than mason had thought . 
 a red towel covered his midsection , from chest to mid-thigh , covering the worst of the damage . 
 it was sticky with blood and other fluids , but that was n't the worst of it . 
 fred had always been a well-built man , retaining an impressive beer gut despite the recent heavy rationing . 
 however , now fred 's abdomen looked as lean as his own . 
 mason gritted his teeth . 
 he would not be sick . 
 he would n't dishonour the older man in that way . 
 how fred was still alive was beyond him , if he was still alive . 
 `` wondered how long it would take you . '' 
 the voice was little more than a wheeze , but mason caught it . 
 he dropped to his knees next to fred , not caring that his jeans were instantly soaked , and grabbed for the hand the older man lifted . 
 `` sorry , mate , traffic 's a bitch . '' 
 fred 's hand was cold , the skin icy to the touch . 
 mason did n't need to press on the nail beds to know fred 's circulation was severely compromised . 
 the wounded man chuckled . 
 the sound degenerated into a cough , which was more a death rattle . 
 for long moments he struggled to breathe . 
 a tiny muscle in the corner of mason 's jaw jumped . 
 his throat was thick with emotion as he fought back the hot prickles at the backs of his eyes . 
 in all his time on the road , all the times he 'd nearly died , and all the times he 'd watched others die , he 'd never felt as helpless as he did now . 
 `` what happened , fred ? '' 
 fred rolled his head back to lean it against the bar . 
 mason winced . 
 the skin was shredded to the bone . 
 a gaping hole in one cheek revealed the whiteness of teeth , and the eye socket furthest from mason was empty . 
 `` jesus ... '' `` yeah . 
 i 'm not gon na win any beauty contests , am i ? '' 
 the self-deprecating comment startled a laugh out of mason . 
 `` no , now that you mention it , i doubt it 's on the cards . 
 what happened , man ? '' 
 fred started to speak but another coughing fit hit him . 
 mason looked away as blood and spittle flew . 
 good thing he seemed to be immune to the lycan infection , or fred 's tainted blood would have done him for sure . 
 `` sorry ` bout that . 
 anyways ... jed happened . 
 or them bastard wolves of his did . 
 they come out of nowhere , mason . 
 not like they normally do ... this was sneaky . 
 they were in human form , got the kids real quiet like . 
 one of them had on victor 's coat ... you know , that long jacket he always wore . '' 
 mason bowed his head , shaking with anger . 
 `` go on . '' 
 his voice was tight and controlled . 
 the sheer force of feeling surging through him was like a tidal wave . 
 one tiny slip , one little crack in the iron wall of his control , and it would spill over . 
 then whoever was in the way would be in for a world of hurt . 
 `` i was in here , heard something out the back . '' 
 fred shrugged . 
 `` went to investigate , did n't see the one sneaking up on me and , well , the rest you can see ... bastards thought they 'd done me for , and did n't bother to finish me off . 
 i need to warn you - '' mason shook his head . 
 that did n't make sense , he already knew about the attack . 
 `` warn me about what ? 
 we already know the kids are gone . '' 
 `` no , not that . '' 
 fred flicked a glance to the door at the front of the bar . 
 `` you got ta get out of here , mason . 
 the wolves left a message . 
 jed 'll give the kids back - '' `` good . 
 he 'd better if he knows what 's good for him . 
 i 'm gon na take great pleasure in ripping his guts out , '' mason growled , his anger almost overwhelming him . 
 that alpha was a dead wolf . 
 even if they did give the kids back , which he highly doubted , there was no way he was leaving jed alive . 
 not after this . 
 `` no , you do n't get it . 
 jed 'll give the kids back ... if your head is on a stake by sunrise . '' 
 mason did n't get time to flee . 
 he did n't even get time to process fred 's words before the door to the bar burst open , and the townsfolk spilled in . 
 hard faces , and harder eyes watched him down the barrels of several rifles , and he knew . 
 they were here for him . 
 they were n't waiting for sundown , never mind sunrise . 
 instead of going for his own rifle he remained where he was , looking down at the friend who 'd tried to warn him . 
 the look in fred 's remaining blue eye was compassionate . 
 `` do n't blame them . 
 they 're only protecting their kids . '' 
 he nodded and shook fred 's hand . 
 `` thank you , my friend . 
 go easy . '' 
 fred smiled and clasped his other hand over mason 's in a final farewell . 
 `` was just waiting for you . 
 sorry it was too late . '' 
 `` no worries . 
 catch you on the flipside . '' 
 he watched fred 's hand slide from his . 
 after a second he reached out and closed the single , sightless eye with gentle fingers then he stood to face his execution party . 
 `` this is it then ? '' 
 mason could n't believe his voice was so level , or calm . 
 these people were going to kill him , and with so many rifles trained on him , there was nothing he could do about it . 
 `` so you 're just going to kill me in cold blood ? '' 
 `` here , this way . 
 let 's get him to the walls . '' 
 mason groaned . 
 his right side was on fire , blood soaking through what remained of his t-shirt , the rags of the fabric a match for the torn skin underneath . 
 they 'd shot him , several times . 
 so much for not shooting an unarmed man . 
 none of his arguments had saved him . 
 as soon as the first trigger had been pulled , more had followed . 
 he had no idea how much lead he 'd taken but it had to be enough to drop a damn rhino . 
 it f ** king hurt . 
 clamping his eyes shut , he tried to breathe through the pain as they dragged him through the streets . 
 he knew what fate awaited him on the walls of the town . 
 locking his legs and planting his feet , he pit his weight against his captors . 
 his heavy boots dug into the dirt as he put up a fight . 
 he was bigger built than either of the men trying to drag him , something they seemed to have overlooked . 
 there was no way he was going anywhere near that wall . 
 not if he could help it . 
 they 'd have to drag him kicking and screaming , and he 'd make them pay for every step . 
 `` christ , he 's like a bull ... some help here . '' 
 he slammed a hard elbow into the side of the guy on his right , freeing that hand . 
 fist clenched , he twisted and drove it upwards into the jaw of the guy on his left . 
 the vicious uppercut dropped the smaller man without a word . 
 mason moved back , his guard snapping up . 
 it should have been a light dance on his feet , as he 'd been trained in the ring , except that his side felt as if it had been caved in by a sledgehammer . 
 he started to turn to face his next opponent when there was the distinctive click of a hammer being drawn back , and something hard was pressed against the back of his head . 
 he froze . 
 `` now i 've seen just about everything out there on the road . '' 
 valerie 's voice was cool and calm , with an edge of suppressed hysteria no man in his right mind would mess with . 
 `` i 've seen men get up after being filled with lead like you . 
 but i ai n't ever seen any of them get up after a couple of rounds to the brain . 
 what 's the betting you do n't either ? '' 
 crap . 
 mason held his hands up in the universal gesture of surrender . 
 `` only one problem with that darlin ' . 
 jed wants my head on a stake . 
 you put a bullet through my brain with that , and there ai n't gon na be much of my head left . 
 what do you think your chances of getting the kids back are then ? '' 
 mason counted silently as he waited for valerie to make a decision . 
 finally the pressure let up , and he heard the hammer click back into place . 
 relief and cold sweat slithered down his spine as he released a breath he did n't realize he was holding . 
 `` he has a point . 
 get him up on that wall . 
 and make sure you have a good hold on him this time , for pity 's sake . '' 
 he held in his curses as he was grabbed again , and donny , the victim of the uppercut , took the opportunity to dig an elbow into the wounds that peppered his side . 
 bastard , you 'll pay for that . 
 mason glared at his tormentor as they shoved him roughly forwards . 
 `` i suggest you let him go . 
 now . '' 
 mason 's head snapped up as the townsfolk went for their guns . 
 there was andy , as large as life , standing in the middle of the town gates . 
 in their hurry to lure him in like a lamb to the slaughter the residents of sanctuary had forgotten town defense 101 . 
 shut the f ** king gate . 
 if he were n't so messed up , he 'd kiss each and every one of them . 
 `` i suggest you take your paranormal ass , and hightail it out of here , missy . 
 unless you want your head to join his on a stake , '' donny snapped , high on a cocktail of anger , pain , and adrenalin . 
 `` is that so ? '' 
 a chill wind blew through the town , whipping the dust of the road and her long , black coat up into a frenzy around her . 
 andy slid the dark glasses down her nose to look at donny , and then at the rest of the townsfolk , her gaze as hard and unblinking as a rattlesnake . 
 that was when mason realized what was different about her . 
 when she 'd arrived in sanctuary she 'd walked and talked human . 
 even with his talents he 'd had to see some serious evidence she was n't human before he believed her claim to be something paranormal . 
 the speed and sheer lethality she 'd displayed with her blades during the rescue yesterday had nearly done it , but mason himself was proof that a human could outwit and outfight the majority of paranormals . 
 it was n't until he 'd dug a bullet out of her arm , and seen for himself how quickly she healed that he 'd truly believed her claims . 
 and even now he was n't sure what she was , just that there was no way she could be plain old homo sapiens . 
 now though , with the sky churning and angry behind her where it had been calm a moment ago , and the wind driving up a storm , there was no mistaking the fact she was something on the darker side of paranormal . 
 lightening cracked , and thunder rolled , leaving her highlighted in silhouette . 
 the crowd around him drew a collective breath as just for a second she was cast into shadow , her silhouette stretching into a familiar cloaked and hooded figure carrying a scythe . 
 `` the lady of death . '' 
 the whisper ran through the crowd , from one pair of lips to another . 
 she could n't be ... could she ? 
 the lady was n't a paranormal . 
 they said she was death itself made flesh and set upon the earth to hunt down the unworthy . 
 which , when you thought about it , amounted to ninety percent of the current population . 
 `` do n't be ridiculous . 
 that 's just a story , made up to scare the kids . '' 
 donny had his rifle in his shoulder , but if he could aim and fire accurately mason was a monkey 's uncle . 
 `` you sure about that , donald ? 
 just because you do n't believe in the bogeyman , does n't mean the bogeyman does n't believe in you . '' 
 andy took her sunglasses off and slid them into her inside pocket . 
 `` h-how did you know my name ? '' 
 she shrugged , her voice calm and pleasant when she spoke . 
 `` same way i know valerie 's , and john 's , and eric 's . 
 believe me , i 'm not like anything you 've ever met before . 
 and you might as well put that away ... '' she motioned to donny 's rifle . 
 `` shooting me 'll only piss me off . '' 
 `` para 's have threatened to kill us before . 
 it 's all been hot air and illusion . 
 none have managed it , '' valerie broke in , clapping donny on the shoulder as she walked forwards to face andy . 
 mason had to admit , she had guts . 
 andy smiled . 
 it was n't a nice expression . 
 the wind rose again , more ferocious this time , moaning as it whirled through the gate and around them . 
 a chill wind , which whispered bad things directly into the souls of all who heard it . 
 `` you know what other names i know ? 
 how about katie , victor and frederick ? '' 
 lightening spilt the sky behind her . 
 mason shook his head and blinked as three figures materialized around her . 
 something was wrong with his eyes . 
 he could swear the three dead townspeople stood there , as pale and opaque as ghosts . 
 hell ... they were dead . 
 if this was n't a trick , some illusion , and andy really was who they said she was , then they could be ghosts . 
 as his brain tried to find some logical and scientific rationale for the appearance of the three figures , he knew . 
 he 'd felt the tug inside as she 'd raised her hands and knew that she 'd called the souls of the dead to her . 
 jaws dropped , and rifles clattered to the dirt . 
 her voice , cold and terrible , cut through the mournful moan of the wind . 
 `` you called me , and you named me . 
 i am death , and that man - '' she lifted her hand to point at him , '' - is the only thing standing between you and me . 
 kill him and you wo n't have to worry about the werewolves . 
 i 'll drag you to hell myself . '' 
 chapter seven `` they 're freaking out six ways to sunday . '' 
 still unable to believe what had happened and his luck , mason leaned back against the cool stone wall of the town , and watched as the townsfolk went about their business . 
 mostly they were keeping their distance from mason , and the object of their fear , andy , who knelt in front of him . 
 she snorted as she lifted his shirt to assess his wounds . 
 `` so they should be . 
 i was n't kidding when i said i 'd drag them to hell . '' 
 he watched her . 
 she was beautiful . 
 scary , but beautiful . 
 she looked up , a frown on her face . 
 `` okay , handsome . 
 want to tell me why you 're not dead yet ? 
 you should be . '' 
 `` sorry , sweetheart . 
 not a clue . '' 
 mason shrugged as she dropped the shirt back into place . 
 soaked in blood , it clung wetly to his torso . 
 she sighed . 
 `` you 're not dead , mason . 
 i do n't know how or why . 
 you look human . 
 you walk , talk and act human . 
 but you 're not . 
 you ca n't be . '' 
 `` do n't talk rubbish , '' he scoffed . 
 `` of course i 'm human . 
 what else would i be ? '' 
 `` that 's what worries me . '' 
 andy stood and held her hand out to help him up . 
 `` i do n't feel the call to reap your soul , and your body is already healing the damage . 
 you 're not human . '' 
 mason grabbed her wrist and hauled himself to his feet in one lithe movement . 
 an hour ago he 'd felt like he was at death 's door but now he felt energized , and raring to go . 
 hand still wrapped around andy 's he looked down into her eyes . 
 `` i 'm as human as they come , '' he told her firmly . 
 `` nasty , devious ... yes , but plain old human . 
 and those wolves are about to find out why we were the top of the food chain for thousands of years . '' 
 `` listen up . 
 are we putting together a rescue plan for the kids , or am i doing this on my own ? '' 
 andy watched as mason walked away from her , his shoulders squared as he challenged the very people who , less than an hour ago , had been ready to kill him . 
 admiration filled her . 
 that had to hurt . 
 she knew how much the town , and the safety of the people within it , meant to him . 
 to insist on helping them after what they 'd done to him ? 
 it said good things about his soul . 
 silence met his challenge as people looked away . 
 andy did n't blame them . 
 she 'd forced them to actually look at what they were doing . 
 forced them to admit to themselves they were about to kill one of their own . 
 they called the other races monsters . 
 but those monsters , herself included , had no choice in what they were , how they acted . 
 vampires craved blood to the exclusion of all else , lycans were born for the hunt and the kill . 
 they could n't help their instincts . 
 humans though , they were different . 
 they could choose to kill , or not . 
 most of the time , when pushed , they chose to kill rather than walk away . 
 in her book , that made them worse than any of the monsters out there . 
 unable to bear the silence she sighed , brushed the dirt off her denim-covered jeans and stood . 
 `` i 'm in , '' she said simply , moving to stand next to mason . 
 he smiled quickly , shooting her a sideways glance filled with thanks . 
 she did n't need the thanks . 
 whilst she understood the needs and instincts , which drove them , kidnapping and extortion were not natural lycan drives . 
 she and that pack alpha would be having words , and they were n't going to be pleasant ones . 
 she looked around the assembled crowd , most of whom looked embarrassed . 
 `` now i 'm sure you 're not going to let us go in alone to rescue your children , are you ? '' 
 she prompted , and took half a step into the shade . 
 the world lost its color . 
 she reached out and called the lifelines of every living creature within a hundred meters to her . 
 the sparkling silver ropes leapt into her palms like puppies eager to do her bidding . 
 only two did n't . 
 her own , which stretched out flat and black behind her , and mason 's . 
 she paused to look at it . 
 the grey of humanity had started to fade . 
 already it was a lot darker than the silver strands she held in her hands . 
 puzzlement filled her , as a frown creased her brow . 
 just what the hell was he ? 
 no way was he human , but he was n't a reaper either , despite the darkness of his lifeline . 
 chiding herself for getting distracted , she pulled on the lifelines , and stepped back through into the mortal world . 
 as expected she had the attention of everyone in the crowd . 
 including mason . 
 she was n't surprised . 
 she 'd just reminded them she held their lives in her hands . 
 sure , she could n't actually kill them , or reap their souls until they were ready to go , but they did n't need to know that . 
 `` just as i thought . 
 let 's plan this thing then , shall we ? '' 
 `` ugh . 
 that was like pulling teeth , '' andy announced as , three hours later , the pair made it back to mason 's room . 
 `` are they always so obstructive ? '' 
 he closed the door behind them , and , for good measure , threw the bolt . 
 it did n't take a genius to work out that he did n't trust the townsfolk any more than she did . 
 she did n't blame him . 
 without their stabilizing influence , or her there to scare the crap out of them , there was no saying that they would n't revert to plan a , and try to stick mason 's head on a stake again . 
 that happened and she was n't bothering with the softly-softly approach anymore . 
 she might not be able to drag their souls to hell until they were dead , but all it took was one little decision and their lifelines were ready to reap . 
 one little decision and those threads would light up like a fourth of july display . 
 one little decision , like deciding to kill mason , and she 'd go to work with her sickles and carve a bloody swathe through the town . 
 she rolled her shoulders as she wandered around the small room . 
 small was the only word to describe it , and bare . 
 a small window opposite the door allowed bright sunlight to stream in and provided a stage for the ever-present dust motes to dance in . 
 a small bed took up one wall , a battered chest of drawers next to it . 
 a clock sat on it . 
 even without the tick-tock in the room she knew it was broken . 
 batteries were a precious commodity these days , so valuable no one would waste one on a clock . 
 she turned to find mason with his back to the door , watching her . 
 his eyes were intense , and his expression patient . 
 there was something different about him , but she could n't put her finger on it . 
 the hungry look on his face sent a shiver down her spine . 
 he looked like a starving man faced with a sumptuous banquet , and she had a feeling she knew what was on the menu . 
 `` come over here . '' 
 his voice was low , with a rough , husky timbre to it that sent a shiver down her spine . 
 hands clasped behind her back she looked at him , and raised an eyebrow . 
 `` why ? '' 
 his eyes darkened dangerously , the heat of hell itself contained there . 
 it was an inferno that licked at andy 's skin , heated the blood in her veins and made her panties damp . 
 `` because i said so . 
 do n't make me come over there . '' 
 she chuckled , enjoying the light-hearted banter . 
 they had an hour or so before sundown and the planned start of the mission . 
 there was time . 
 more than time for what he obviously had in mind . 
 `` not dressed like that you wo n't , mister . '' 
 she motioned towards his torn and bloodied shirt . 
 `` you need a shower and a change , then we 'll think about it . 
 let me look at how those wounds are doing . '' 
 he dropped his chin and looked up at her through his eyelashes . 
 it should have been a feminine gesture but on the very masculine mason it became something totally different . 
 she sucked a shaky breath in , feeling like she 'd been punched in the gut . 
 only no punch she 'd ever taken before had left her with a tingly feeling through her entire body and an ache that made her want to clench her thighs together . 
 `` all healed . 
 see ? 
 how , i have no f ** king clue . 
 but they are . '' 
 he looped a hand under his ragged t-shirt and smoothed it upwards over his toned and muscled torso . 
 despite a very feminine interest in those muscles , andy still had enough about her to check for damage . 
 where there had been wounds , bloody tears in his skin where bullets had torn through it on their way into his body , there was nothing . 
 no marks , no healing scars , no old scars . 
 nothing . 
 just like her . 
 a rush of feeling hit her . 
 after all these years believing herself alone , she was n't . 
 mason should be dead . 
 he had been dead , he had to have been , no one could survive being shot that many times and not pass over . 
 except a reaper . 
 perhaps that was it . 
 perhaps because he had died ... maybe that was the trigger ? 
 the bombs of the war had done their work and twisted humanity 's dna a decade ago . 
 some had changed immediately and become whatever their twisted dna dictated . 
 for the first time in history vampires , werewolves and their brethren , the creatures of legend and myth , had walked the earth . 
 and the world had gone to hell in a hand-basket since . 
 others did n't change . 
 somehow they carried the potential for that change deep within them . 
 waiting for something like a bite , or death itself , to trigger what was locked inside . 
 her world tilted on its axis as she crossed the small room . 
 her hand smoothed over the undamaged skin , but her gaze was locked with his . 
 from the moment she 'd seen him in the bar , she 'd known something was different about him . 
 now she knew what . 
 like called to like . 
 `` reckon we 'll both fit in that shower , '' she whispered against his lips , and then claimed them with her own . 
 darkness blanketed the world , the moon playing peek-a-boo through the thick clouds above . 
 andy knelt in the shadows next to mason and watched as he organized his team with silent gestures . 
 that he 'd been military was obvious , as was the fact that he 'd trained these people to work together . 
 a fan of the march-in-and-kick-ass school of thought , she tried to stay still and not jitter impatiently . 
 then it was game on . 
 the attack started , not with a bang , but a whisper as the human forces approached the lycan camp on silent feet . 
 mason had made them all shower to try and erase the smell of human sweat . 
 like soldiers from before the war , their faces were smeared with dirt , and they carried their rifles as if they meant business . 
 this was mason 's gig , and she was happy to let him lead . 
 she was used to working alone and had no idea how to get a group of people working together without half scaring them out of their minds . 
 he did n't need to terrify them to get them to work well . 
 even though they 'd tried to kill him earlier they were following his orders now . 
 wraiths in the night , they flitted from cover to cover , moving towards their objective . 
 she thought back to the briefing . 
 over a scale model of the terrain made from dirt and anything lying to hand mason had given each team directions and orders about how the attack was to go down . 
 as plans went , it was a good one . 
 she just knew from experience no plan survived first contact with the enemy . 
 double that when you were dealing with paranormals . 
 the camp appeared before them like an island rising from a foggy sea . 
 the light from the campfire cast sky above and around in a warm orange glow . 
 it should have been a welcoming scene ; the makeshift camp with sleeping bags lay haphazardly around the fire warding off the chill of the night . 
 it was n't too much of a stretch to imagine marshmallows being toasted or steaks sizzling on a grill plate ... only this was ten years after the end of the world . 
 marshmallows had gone the way of the dodo , and lycans preferred their meat uncooked . 
 the wolves lounged around the fire in human form . 
 she 'd noticed that about them , unless they needed to hunt or fight lycans preferred their two-legged forms . 
 she 'd never understood that . 
 if she had the freedom to shift forms and run with the wind like they could , she 'd never switch back to being human . 
 her breath plumed on the night air as she dropped into cover behind a group of old barrels next to mason . 
 he flicked her a glance and smiled , a quick flash of white teeth in the darkness , before he reached out to squeeze her arm quickly . 
 a brief touch but one that spoke volumes as his fingers lingered a second on her skin . 
 she could hear his breathing and her own heart as they waited for the signal from the other teams . 
 every second stretched out to infinity as she studied the layout of the camp . 
 to the side of the fire was the makeshift cage they had the kids in . 
 sneaky bastards . 
 they 'd put it between the fire and an outcrop of rock , which meant the human teams were going to have to go through the lycan pack . 
 next to her , mason muttered under his breath as he did a headcount . 
 andy did n't bother . 
 her reaper senses told her that all the kids were alive . 
 whether they made it through the night that way though , that one was anyone 's guess . 
 life or death hung in such a precarious balance that perhaps only a reaper could appreciate it . 
 every day a multitude of decisions took each soul nearer or further away from death . 
 right now , the decisions the humans made , and those of the lycans , would affect whether those kids lived or died tonight . 
 the moon flitted in and out of view , allowing her a brief glimpse of the terrain on the other side of the camp . 
 mason 's teams were good . 
 she could see neither hide nor hair of them with her normal vision . 
 feeling mason 's attention on her , she switched her vision to look into the shade . 
 the mingled gray and silver lifelines decorated the landscape like tinsel on a christmas tree . 
 her eyes narrowed . 
 the first two teams were in position , but the third had yet to reach its mark . 
 she waited until they jockeyed into position behind the tree stump mason had indicated earlier , and nodded . 
 cooking with gas now . 
 she watched as mason checked his weaponry , every movement calm as he watched the camp below for movement . 
 nothing happened . 
 most of the lycans appeared to be asleep , their lifelines sparkling red to andy . 
 her palms itched to draw the blades sheathed across her back , but she held off . 
 the breeze picked up , bringing the scents of the campsite to them . 
 she wrinkled her nose at the smell of stale beer and unwashed bodies . 
 mason leaned down and selected one of the pebbles by his knee . 
 a thoughtful look on his face , he hefted it in his hand a couple of times , as though considering its potential . 
 reeling his arm back he launched it into the middle of the camp . 
 she caught her breath , wondering what the hell he was playing at as it landed in the center of a group of empty beer cans . 
 with a loud clatter the projectile scattered the cans . 
 the noise woke the snoozing weres , bringing them to their feet with shouts of alarm . 
 andy glared at mason . 
 the idiot had just given away the element of surprise , which was pretty much all they 'd had going for them . 
 he winked at her as he pulled something from the side of his vest . 
 a grenade . 
 pulling the pin with a vicious twist of his wrist he launched it into the middle of the lycan camp . 
 `` fire in the hole . '' 
 chapter eight the pair twisted away as the small canister sailed through the air and landed with a hop , skip and a jump by the campfire . 
 andy clapped her hands over her ears as it went off with a balance-destroying bang , and lit the night sky up like a sunny day . 
 there was no rest for the wicked though . 
 immediately she and mason were on their feet and moving . 
 adrenalin surged through her body as they covered the distance between their hiding place and the camp . 
 the wolves caught in the grenade 's radius staggered around as though drunk , blinking as they tried to regain their vision . 
 in wolf form lycans could see a mouse taking a shit at six hundred meters , but shine a big enough torch in anything 's face and it was blind as a bat for a couple of seconds . 
 they were still as dangerous as hell , probably more so when blinded and panicking . 
 leaving the worst affected to the humans , she went for the lycans who 'd been on the edge of the blast radius . 
 stun grenades were non-lethal ; a percussive explosion and a bright light enough to render most incapable long enough for the attacking force to control whatever was going on . 
 for humans it was sufficient but lycans recovered fast . 
 a feral howl of fury erupted from the center of the camp , the sound peppered with the sound of gunshots as mason 's teams picked their targets . 
 the human forms of the lycans were swallowed up as their wolf forms exploded from them faster than the eye could see . 
 instead of a group of teenagers out on a camping trip , they were faced with a pack of snarling and angry predators . 
 she grinned to herself , an expression without either humor or mercy as her blades cleared leather and lined up her first target , a scraggy-looking wolf already turning towards her . 
 its lips curled into a snarl as it gathered itself to leap . 
 `` com ` on then , fugly , '' andy taunted , waggling her blades in warning . 
 she fought with them in opposing grips , one blade up and one with the blade curved along her forearm . 
 matched with a healthy dose of martial arts training , it was a lethal combination . 
 `` let me give you a good belly scratch . '' 
 massive paws skittered in the dust as it launched at her . 
 the thrill of the fight singing through her , andy waited until the creature was almost upon her then leapt into action . 
 time slowed to a crawl as a hop put her in the air , and her back foot lashed out . 
 her steel-toe cap caught the wolf under the chin , and slammed its mouth shut over the vicious canines within . 
 satisfaction surged through her as she felt bone crunch . 
 even if she had busted the creature 's jaw , it would n't make much difference . 
 already its freaky physiology would be repairing the damage . 
 `` awww , does that hurt ? 
 lem me give you something for that . '' 
 it staggered away , trying to put some distance between them so it could heal the damage . 
 she did n't let it and followed . 
 her blade flashed in the light of the campfire as she slashed it through the air towards the furry throat . 
 the razor-sharp edge cut through fur , skin and muscle like a hot knife through butter . 
 gritting her teeth , she rammed the blade deeper until it scraped against bone . 
 triumph surged as she felt her blade hook the edge of the soul . 
 with a vicious yank she pulled it back , and severed the soul from the body . 
 blood spurted as the beast shuddered , and slumped dead at her feet . 
 other howls filled the air as the human teams picked their targets , and overwhelmed the lycan pack . 
 mixed amongst the furry death-calls were human screams as the creatures defended themselves . 
 so many lifelines lit up that andy was almost blinded . 
 knowing she was going to have her work cut out for her later , she flicked her vision firmly to human and looked about for her next victim . 
 to her left a group was baiting a big wolf . 
 it was bleeding from numerous bullet wounds , but was still on its feet and lashing out with razor-sharp teeth . 
 a body lay under the massive paws , throat a bloody mess and sightless eyes staring up at the night sky . 
 donny . 
 try as she might , andy could n't bring herself to feel sorrow that the mouthy human had met his end in such a violent way , just annoyance that his lifeline had been cut short unnecessarily . 
 `` oscar ... left knee . 
 now ! '' 
 valerie yelled the order as she lifted her rifle . 
 in concert , shots rang out . 
 the wolf ate dirt as its front knees disintegrated in a shower of blood and bone . 
 without a word andy slid between the humans , and slashed her blades across its neck to free the soul . 
 `` nice move . '' 
 she nodded at the other woman as she danced back , impressed by the teamwork . 
 pity this lot had tried to kill mason , she might have actually grown to like them at some point . 
 valerie just smiled in reply , a small tight nod as she looked around at the cage the children were being kept in . 
 three wolves surrounded it , guarding their captives . 
 the team who was supposed to be freeing the children was dead , scattered in pieces around the wolve 's paws . 
 the two women locked eyes as understanding flowed between them . 
 the children were paramount . 
 without a word , both women , human and reaper , turned on a dime and stalked towards the cage and its furry guards . 
 andy was impressed all over again . 
 unlike her , valerie was just plain old human . 
 easily caught , and just as easy to kill . 
 despite that , she had a look of grim determination and hard vengeance on her face . 
 left to herself , andy had no doubt that if anything happened to her kid , the woman would spend the rest of her life tracking those responsible and taking them apart piece by piece . 
 slowly . 
 she could admire vengeance like that . 
 `` yo , heads up . '' 
 andy grinned as she approached the cage , calling out to attract the wolves ' attention to herself . 
 however you cut the cards , she was the one who could hold out longest against the creatures , and when it came to it , survive a wolf attack . 
 she might wish like hell they 'd kill her , but at some point the pain would end and she 'd heal . 
 then hunt herself some wolves and make a nice winter coat from their hides . 
 the three wolves turned their attention on her , eyes picking up the light from the fire as she walked past it and shining brightly . 
 lips curled back from their teeth as they snarled , drool dripping on the dirt beneath them . 
 unlike the kid in town the other day , these were fully shifted lycans which meant any human survival instincts they had were buried under layers and layers of predatory desires . 
 desires and needs that marked the two-legged , soft-skinned creature walking towards them firmly as prey . 
 `` how many wolves does it take to change a light bulb ? '' 
 from the corner of her eye she saw valerie step back into the darkness and work her way towards the cage . 
 good girl , she 'd gotten the message . 
 the three wolves looked at each other and back at her . 
 puzzlement crossed their furry faces as they tried to figure out why she was n't scared or running away . 
 she deliberately did n't look behind them to where valerie was freeing the kids . 
 the cage door was secured with a length of rope , the knots too tight for young fingers but no match for the knife valerie carried . 
 `` com ` on ... it 's a killer . '' 
 she hid her grin and walked closer , waggling her blades to make them catch what little light there was . 
 reading them was like reading a book . 
 they were n't used to someone who looked human , and more importantly smelt human , not running the other way in terror . 
 the trouble was , at some point in the next minute , that puzzlement was going to turn into irritation , which was then going to turn into violence . 
 by the time that happened she needed to be within range . 
 calmness filled her , radiating out from her core to fill the rest of her being . 
 input from all of her senses was heightened , and sharper . 
 she could hear the rasp of breathing as the massive chests rose and fell , the stink of their fetid breath as they bared their teeth and the smell of unkempt fur , like they had n't groomed properly for weeks . 
 she 'd seen lycan packs before and this was n't a pack . 
 this was a bunch of filthy scavengers who were a disgrace to their species . 
 without warning she slipped into the shade fully , leaving them staring at empty space . 
 `` actually , who gives a shit ? '' 
 her voice was conversational as she re-appeared less than a heartbeat later between the largest of the wolves . 
 both turned and lunged at her in the same instant , their teeth slicing the air where she had been . 
 instead of the soft target they had been expecting though , she was gone back into the shade , and two sets of teeth encountered only the furred hides of their pack mates . 
 ignoring the howls of pain and fury , andy stepped from the shade again by the third lycan . 
 slightly smaller than the other two , she 'd guess it was female , but that was only a guess . 
 she 'd never been sufficiently interested in the different forms lycans took to learn to identify their genders . 
 as long as they bled , that was all she cared about . 
 it sensed her by its shoulder at the same time she raised the wickedly curved sickle , and froze . 
 the eye nearest to her rolled back in the socket to try and get a bead on her , but it was too late . 
 a soft whimper escaped the creature 's lips as andy slammed the blade down hard . 
 the point parted the fur and popped through the skin with a small snick . 
 using her weight and momentum the sickle powered through the lycan 's throat , and exited the other side in less time than it took to think about it . 
 blood pulsed from the ruin of its throat to splatter the dry dirt below . 
 with something almost akin to grace , the creature 's knees folded and it collapsed to the ground . 
 deftly andy reversed the blade as she dropped into the shade and dispatched the soul on the way back in . 
 she turned her attention to the other two wolves , nipping in and out of the shade to harass and harry them . 
 they whirled and danced , trying to catch her as she appeared and disappeared . 
 their extra abilities were no use against a creature who could simply chose not to be in their plane of existence . 
 she kept an eye on how valerie was doing rescuing the children , and as the seconds ticked by , the gray lifelines active to her reaper senses started to wink out one by one . 
 a signal that some of those kids would survive . 
 for tonight at least . 
 the shit had well and truly hit the fan . 
 as mason pounded across hard dirt , his teams unleashed seven levels of hell on the lycans . 
 they did n't have long until the creatures recovered from the flash-bang , so he 'd told them to make every second count . 
 advice he was taking to heart himself . 
 they hit the outer perimeter of the camp , and he paused for a second as andy peeled away . 
 pulling his rifle tight into his shoulder , he selected his targets rapidly and fired in short , economical bursts . 
 each time his muzzle spat bullets he hit his target . 
 a knee here , through a throat there , even taking the teeth right out of the mouth of one wolf as it lunged at one of the humans . 
 suppressive fire , designed to put as many wolves down as possible so the others could get close . 
 his aim was lethal , punching holes through furry hides and making the turned lycans bellow with pain . 
 without silver shot though , any damage he inflicted would be temporary . 
 where was a fifty cal when you needed one ? 
 he could really level the playing field with something like that . 
 his rifle clicked , the bolt holding open in a warning that his magazine was empty . 
 no time to reload . 
 casting it aside , mason pulled the glock from his shoulder holster and moved further into the camp . 
 he skirted between the groups already fighting , his eyes peeled for one figure . 
 screams from his left distracted him for a moment , as the group attacking the cage went down . 
 grimly he ignored them . 
 they 'd all known the risks before they 'd come on the mission . 
 he 'd made sure of it . 
 and he was damned if , after trying to kill him , he was going out of his way to cover their asses anymore . 
 nope , he was back into mission mode . 
 he 'd complete the objective , and then he was out of here . 
 `` jed . 
 get your furry ass out here and face me like a f ** king man , rather than a whipped puppy , '' he yelled , trying to taunt the alpha into the open . 
 truth be told , he had no f ** king clue what the guy looked like , as a man or a wolf . 
 none of them did , a fact mason had n't been too happy about . 
 going into a hot situation without intel was usually a good way to get people killed . 
 however , so was taking on a pack of lycans on their own turf . 
 but then , mason had never claimed to be sane , andy was n't even mortal and the people of sanctuary were just plain desperate . 
 he did n't have to wait long . 
 a rumbling snarl sounded behind him , the sound full of menace . 
 of course , any lycan snarl was full of menace but this was a very personalized sort of malevolence . 
 mason whipped around , the glock already leveled and aiming right between the eyes of the large wolf behind him . 
 `` jed , i presume ? '' 
 he asked , as though this was a society dinner , and they 'd just been introduced . 
 regardless of his nonchalant attitude , the muzzle of the gun did n't waver . 
 if jed looked like he was going to leap , mason would double-tap him right between the eyes before taking his next breath . 
 unfortunately , now he 'd actually seen jed , mason did n't think that would put the bastard down for long . 
 he was huge . 
 possibly the biggest wolf-type lycan mason had ever seen , and he 'd hunted more than enough of the creatures . 
 gray and black fur covered a frame straight out of a pre-war horror film , and his teeth would n't look out of place on a sabertooth . 
 amber and black eyes fixed on mason , hatred and anger burning in their depths . 
 a silver bar cut through the creature 's eyebrow . 
 mason 's brow winged up in surprise . 
 one of the only things the old films had gotten right about werewolves was silver . 
 it burned them , ate at their skin like acid . 
 most avoided it like plague , or like the average vampire did sunlight . 
 it took a twisted sob-were to actually pierce himself with the stuff . 
 jed dropped his head lower to the ground and curled his lips from his teeth . 
 `` i 'll take that as a yes then . 
 christ , you are one ugly f ** ker , are n't you ? '' 
 the lips curled back further , the massive paws shifting in the dust . 
 it was all the warning mason got before the massive werewolf leapt . 
 he pulled the trigger before his eyes and brain got their action together , his instincts kicking in . 
 the glock spat fire , but jed was faster . 
 he twisted to the side as the 9mm rounds tore through his shoulder instead of going through his brain . 
 mason 's heart pounded , driving adrenalin around his veins in a survival-driven chaotic race . 
 it galvanized every cell in his body as the age-old fight or flight instinct took over . 
 time slowed to a crawl as the lycan launched towards him . 
 its jaws opened wide , giving him a good view of toothy death as it came for him . 
 he bellowed an incoherent war cry , falling backwards and still firing at the oncoming behemoth . 
 his shoulder hit the dirt , barrel tracking the creature 's head as it sailed over him . 
 his finger carried on , pulling the trigger independent of thought until the magazine was empty . 
 the bullets slammed into jed 's body , punching holes through his skin on the way . 
 he snarled in fury and pain , landing on paws bigger than dinner plates and stumbled , face planted in the dirt by the still blazing campfire . 
 mason was on his feet in the blink of an eye . 
 he tossed the useless glock aside . 
 he would n't get a chance to reload it anyway and went for the fighting knife on his leg . 
 most people , if they knew mason had been a soldier at all , assumed he was american . 
 an infiltration expert , he only had an accent when he wanted , and he could choose which accent that was . 
 only those who had seen the winged dagger tattoo on one arse-cheek , done by his squad-mates whilst he was insensible , and clocked the fairbairn-sykes knife he carried , realized he was n't only not american , but also something a cut above normal for the british army . 
 man and the beast who 'd once been a man eyed each other up . 
 mason had always wondered , would he have become something like this ? 
 if his dna had been slightly different ? 
 it was a thought that had plagued him for years . 
 at first , in the first bloody years after the war , when those who had turned preyed on those who had n't , he 'd gone to sleep each night expecting it to be his last . 
 expecting to wake the next morning as something else , something not human . 
 it had never happened . 
 whatever evils he 'd done in his former life , they had n't been visited on him in this version of hell on earth . 
 something mason was n't sure whether he was grateful for or pissed off about . 
 was it reward or punishment to live in a world gone mad ? 
 `` come on then , you f ** ker . 
 let 's be having you , '' he roared , his native accent out in full force . 
 the hilt felt good in his hand as he faced down jed . 
 the familiar grip fit his palm like a glove , the weapon an extension of his being as he circled jed . 
 everything else ... the sounds of the other groups fighting , the pitiful whimpering behind him as a team finished off one of the lycans ... all fell away as he concentrated on one thing , and one thing alone . 
 killing something considered unkillable . 
 there was nothing mason liked more than a challenge . 
 he grinned slowly , the expression making jed blink and falter a little in surprise . 
 jed feinted to the left , paws kicking up dust , and then to the right . 
 mason kept to his low crouch , knife held along his forearm and glinting dully in the light cast by the fire . 
 he was only going to get one shot at this , so he had to make sure it was a good one . 
 his gaze focused in on a small spot on jed 's broad , lupine chest . 
 any second now , confident that mason did n't have another gun on him , the wolf was going to go for the kill , then mason had him . 
 his fs was dipped in silver nitrate , something guaranteed to give any were a bad day for all of ten seconds . 
 unfortunately for said were it would be the last ten seconds of its life . 
 unfortunately for mason , getting close enough was also close enough to get his throat torn out . 
 something he had n't planned on doing this morning but , hey , shit happened . 
 his gaze still locked with jed 's , he saw the moment the lycan made the decision . 
 then the air was full of pouncing wolf , fur and sharp teeth . 
 he did n't even try to avoid the creature as it bowled him over . 
 his breath was knocked from his body in a savage whoosh as he hit the deck hard . 
 a grin of fury and triumph crossed his face as his head slammed against a large stone near the campfire and stars filled his vision . 
 teeth clamped around his throat , the sharp points popping through the skin like fingernails though a balloon . 
 warm blood streamed as they drove in , but mason was already there . 
 even as he felt his jugular and more tear , he rammed the knife between two ribs and right into jed 's heart . 
 chapter nine lycan blood coated her blades and ran down her arms , but andy did n't bother to wipe it away . 
 she 'd only get bloody again . 
 using both hands she dispatched the wolf in front of her with a vicious , cross-handed swipe and watched without emotion as it dropped lifeless to the ground . 
 blood surged from the ruin of its throat onto the thirsty dirt below . 
 idly she wondered what would grow there , with the soil being watered with wolf 's blood . 
 plants with a tendency to bite and snarl at other plants ? 
 then it happened . 
 she looked up at the howl behind her , and started to turn . 
 they 'd heard plenty of howls during the attack , but this was different . 
 the fury and defiance , the general bad-assed , i 'm - a-wolf tone was gone , replaced by a sound of unimaginable torment so complete it made even andy shudder . 
 she whipped around . 
 a huge wolf was on its side , writhing in pain . 
 its shape-shifting ability seemed to be completely out of control . 
 its body was in a continuous state of flux , each part shifting from human to wolf independently of any other . 
 bones popped and cracked , breaking only to reform themselves , then start the cycle all over again . 
 she winced as its ribcage inflated to the size of a barrel but its shoulders turned human . 
 even from here she could hear muscles tearing and bones creaking as they tried to settle into a form even the current , twisted version of nature had never intended . 
 the skin was worse . 
 sickeningly worse . 
 it bubbled and slid , flowing over the monstrous forms beneath , but like everything else , it could n't seem to make up its mind what to be . 
 one second it was hide and fur , and the next it was soft human skin regardless of what lay underneath . 
 a massive paw formed from the end of a human arm , then covered itself in skin before the bones within , too large for the casing , ripped through it . 
 she turned her head away for a second , covering her mouth as bile rose , and fought the urge to lose her lunch . 
 she hated to be sick but just looking at that was enough to make her forget the habit of a lifetime . 
 the sound of torment rose into a plaintive plea for mercy . 
 a death howl which called to every non-human instinct she had . 
 all emotion leeching from her , andy stepped forwards and into the shade , her blades already raised for the killing blow . 
 warmth and color disappeared as she left the land of the living behind . 
 here things were calmer , so much simpler . 
 spectral souls , human and lycan , waited by their bodies , nice and orderly , for her to go along and reap them . 
 she ignored them . 
 they were dispatched . 
 first she needed to deal with the tortured wolf . 
 without asking , she knew it was the alpha , jed . 
 the power rolling off him was unmistakable . 
 just as she knew what had killed him . 
 the silver-treated knife lodged into his heart glowed white hot in her enhanced vision . 
 even if she 'd been of a mind to kill him , he was done for . 
 after the blade had entered his heart to deliver its fatal payload , the continuous form changes had locked it within his flesh , putting protective layer after layer over it . 
 the only way they were getting it out would be with a gifted surgeon , or a chainsaw . 
 she sure hoped that was n't mason 's favorite knife . 
 jed 's soul stood to one side , watching his body contort with an expression of fascinated horror on his face . 
 registering movement he looked up and at her . 
 his face blanched , which considering where they were was an achievement . 
 `` no ! 
 not me , not yet . 
 i 'm not done , '' he protested , and tried to run . 
 andy did n't hurry her measured pace , nor crack a smile . 
 she 'd seen this before . 
 it was rare , admitted , but sometimes when a person was caught between life and death , they could see her in the shade . 
 she watched as jed ran two steps then fell , yanked back to his body by the unbreakable thread of his own lifeline . 
 there was only one creature on the planet that could cut a lifeline . 
 her . 
 he looked up over his shoulder , whimpering as he tried to scramble away . 
 her lips compressed into a thin straight line as she looked deep into his heart . 
 normally she did n't bother . 
 whether they went up or down was no business of hers . 
 this time though , she was interested . 
 if jed was n't headed down , so help her god , she was going to drag him to the fiery pit herself . 
 she need n't have worried . 
 his heart was black , rotten to the core with evil deeds and disgusting impulses . 
 she blinked as every act of violence he 'd committed , every rape , every murder , every evil deed right back to his childhood flashed before her eyes . 
 here , in her world , she did n't feel sick . 
 she just felt angry . 
 she stalked him , murder in her eyes . 
 apart from the fact he was already dead ... kind of hard to murder someone who was already dead . 
 he leapt over his own body , trying to escape again . 
 she sighed and changed direction . 
 if there had been railings nearby , she 'd have clicked her blades along them as she approached , just to scare him more . 
 `` i can do this all day , you know ? 
 now stand still like a good little doggie . '' 
 `` fuck you , bitch , '' he sneered . 
 `` not without a week long bath , a change of species , and a personality transplant , '' she snarled back as he flipped to his back and bared his teeth at her . 
 `` might as well put them away , sunshine . 
 this is my world and here we play by my rules . '' 
 `` bitch . 
 i 'm gon na rip your f ** king heart out . '' 
 sliding one of her sickles home into its sheath , she reached down to the lifeline from the shadowy mound that represented his body in the mortal world . 
 like everything else , here it was indistinct and lacking in features , but she knew what it was . 
 the pulsing scarlet thread attached to it was a dead giveaway . 
 `` oh , you can try . '' 
 she started to wrap the thread around her fist , pulling him closer by slow increments . 
 he struggled and fought , to no avail . 
 she dragged him closer and closer until he was within range . 
 finally close enough , he took a swipe at her . 
 vicious claws erupted from the ends of his fingers as they flashed towards andy 's face in an unstoppable arc . 
 she stood and waited , an impassive look on her face , as they passed right through her and exited the other side , turning the enraged soul into something akin to a spinning top . 
 as soon as he turned she slammed her booted foot into the small of his back at the same time as she looped his own lifeline around his throat , then pulled him hard against her . 
 `` how 's it feel to be helpless , jedediah ? '' 
 she whispered into his ear , picking his hated full name from the memories she 'd gleaned . 
 `` to be able to do nothing whilst it all goes to shit around you ? 
 impotent , useless ... at the whim of someone else . 
 terrified , like so many of the people you killed . '' 
 her breath whispered over his neck as she tightened the red cord around his throat . 
 of course , his soul could n't be killed by strangulation , but jed did n't know that and he reacted as though andy was throttling the very life out of him . 
 his fingers scrabbled at her hands , as he kicked and bucked in her hold , but andy was unshakeable . 
 her lips twisted as she pulled the line tighter . 
 `` rot in hell , jed , '' she whispered , lover-like , before she snapped the cord . 
 she stepped out of the shade to a much quieter scene than she 'd left . 
 the fire popped and crackled merrily to itself . 
 soft sobbing and the odd whimper broke the silence periodically . 
 half the attacking humans were dead . 
 she nodded slightly to herself , the numbers were better than she 'd expected . 
 if she was honest , she had n't expected any of them to survive . 
 period . 
 there was one way to describe humans attacking a lycan camp . 
 suicidal . 
 she stood for a moment in the center of the camp , just by the hideously twisted corpse of the former alpha and scanned the survivors . 
 they sat in shell-shocked silence , most of them covered in blood . 
 she could n't see mason but she was n't overly worried . 
 something told her that , if anyone could survive attacking a lycan camp , the hard-nosed , ex-soldier turned town-guardian could . 
 she turned and looked behind her . 
 the cage the children had been kept in was empty . 
 valerie had done her job well . 
 andy flicked her vision to the shade for a moment , noting that all the lifelines that led away from the cage into the darkness were flat and healthy , including valerie 's . 
 good . 
 some of the parents had n't survived the attack , and those kids would need someone strong to look after them . 
 scanning around her in the shade she looked for mason 's peculiar lifeline . 
 she 'd never seen another one like it , so it would be hard to miss . 
 however hard she looked though , she could n't spot it . 
 which was impossible . 
 wherever a person went , their line followed behind them , like a scent trail . 
 it was what andy followed when she tracked a soul ready to be reaped . 
 unlike scent though , it was something that was impossible to mask , and andy was no bloodhound to be put off the scent easily . 
 where the hell was he ? 
 a familiar sense of irritation rising , andy stomped around the fire to the nearest survivor , one of the young men from the town . 
 he sat in a trance next to another of the furry corpses , his face splattered with blood . 
 `` have you seen mason ? '' 
 she demanded , waving her hand in front of his face . 
 `` hey ! 
 wakey-wakey ! '' 
 at the sound , the guy snapped out of it somewhat . 
 still wearing a stunned expression he transferred his attention to her face . 
 `` huh ? '' 
 `` mason ? 
 tall , shaved head . 
 kick-ass attitude , '' she said shortly . 
 `` seen him ? '' 
 he lifted his hand slowly to point behind her . 
 a sickening feeling wormed its way into andy 's heart as she turned to look at what he was pointing at . 
 there , hidden behind the bulk of jed 's twisted body , caught somewhere between human and lycan , was another , smaller one . 
 andy 's heart shuddered to a halt as ice filled her veins . 
 `` no ... it ca n't be . '' 
 her voice was a low whisper , a plea to any god who might be listening . 
 unable to tear her eyes away from the fallen figure , she took a couple of steps forwards and stopped , her feet refusing to carry her like they were stuck in quicksand . 
 it could n't be mason , it just could n't . 
 the broad shoulders were too familiar though , as was the tattered t-shirt stretched over them . 
 he lay on his side , unmoving . 
 too still . 
 her breath caught in her throat as she raced around the fire and slid to her knees in the dirt next to him . 
 `` oh god , no . 
 please . 
 no , '' she moaned as she tugged on a shoulder to roll him onto his back . 
 there was no resistance . 
 mason flopped onto his back , his eyes wide and unfocused as they stared sightlessly up at the night sky . 
 his throat was a bloody mass of mangled flesh , the bones of his spine glinting white in the gaping wound . 
 andy screamed , a mingled sound of agony and fury as her heart broke in her chest with a sharp crack . 
 she fussed , gathering him to her , not caring that his blood soaked through her top . 
 tears streamed down her cheeks as she cradled him . 
 she 'd only just found him , the other half of her soul , and now he was gone . 
 snatched from her by a cruel twist of fate and the snapping of a lycan 's jaws . 
 dead . 
 her head lifted slowly . 
 dead . 
 mason was dead . 
 `` no . '' 
 it was a simple word but one spoken with utter conviction . 
 she looked at the man in her arms . 
 he could n't be dead because she would n't allow it . 
 death did not scare her , nor did it hold any sway over her . 
 she was a reaper ... perhaps the only reaper . 
 the grim reaper herself . 
 death would bow to her , be bound by her rules and her will . 
 fighting back panic she reached deep inside herself . 
 deep within , in a place she avoided thinking about or calling on too much , was a dark place devoid of anything . 
 the center of her reaper powers , the core whatever that made her what she was . 
 for years she 'd avoided it , tried to forget it was there , as she carried on pretending to be human . 
 but she was n't human , and she never would be . 
 this time she did n't just brush the void , or embrace it , she did a run up and went for a full-on base jump right into it . 
 the void enveloped her , consumed her . 
 she threw her head back and screamed again , as the memories of a billion or more deaths slammed into her . 
 time lost meaning as she tumbled , bounced from death to death throughout the ages . 
 her voice expanded , power added to the feminine scream as she accepted her destiny and took on the full power of a grim reaper . 
 her mouth snapped shut-the sound cut off as she lowered her chin and opened her eyes to look at the world around her anew . 
 jed still lay in front of her , his body locked in everlasting torment , the fire still blazed merrily , and the man she loved still lay dead in her arms . 
 only , like her , the man she loved was n't human , and never had been . 
 `` ca n't be having that , now can we ? '' 
 she said to no one in particular , and leaned down to kiss him . 
 at the first touch of her lips , power flowed between them . 
 a spark of life that she gently blew against his lips . 
 nothing happened for a long moment , then he coughed . 
 she lifted her head . 
 as she watched , the hideous mess that was his throat started to heal . 
 flesh filled out as structures started to form . 
 veins slithered across the open space and started to pulse with blood as skin crept over the wound to cover it . 
 within a minute it was gone , his skin as unmarked as it was this morning . 
 he opened his eyes to look up at her . 
 she smiled as a pitch-black lifeline flared into life in the corner of her vision . 
 `` welcome back , my love . '' 
 he 'd been dead six months , and it had been the best six months of his life . 
 sighing with contentment mason leaned back in his chair and took a sip from his drink as his gaze followed the small woman behind the bar . 
 six months pregnant , andy was starting to waddle but she still insisted on pulling her weight . 
 like pulling the late shift in the bar whilst valerie was settling the kids . 
 with so many orphaned the night of the lycan attack , looking after them all was a full-time job . 
 she wiped glasses with efficient and swift movements , placing them neatly on the shelves behind the bar . 
 every so often she would cut a glance his way , heat in her dark eyes which set an answering heat to smoldering within him . 
 `` just you wait until later , woman , '' he promised silently , knowing she could hear him . 
 quite how the link between them worked , or exactly what he was now mason had n't figured out . 
 all he knew was that he had been dead , and now he was n't . 
 and that now he could see things ... lines he could n't see before . 
 like the three amber lines which blinked into existence in the corner of his vision . 
 andy calmly wiped the last glass , and placed it on the shelf . 
 `` incoming , '' she announced as the door opened and three vampires swaggered in . 
 mason smiled and caressed the trigger of the shotgun rigged under his table . 
 vampires before nine in the evening ? 
 looked like it was going to be a busy night . 
 about the author mina carter was born and raised in middle earth -lrb- otherwise known as the midlands , england -rrb- . 
 after a slew of careers ranging from logistics to land-surveying she can now be found in the wilds of leicestershire with her husband and young daughter ... the true boss of the family . 
 suffering the curse of eternal curiosity mina never tires of learning new skills which has led to aromatherapy , corsetry , chain-maille making , welding , canoeing , shooting , and pole-dancing to name but a few . 
 she juggles being a mum , working full time and writing , tossing another ball in the air with her cover artwork . 
 for mina , writing time is the wee hours of the morning before anyone wakes up and starts making demands , or any spare minute that can be begged , bought or conned . 
 her first stories were penned at age 11 , when she used a stationery set meant for christmas thank you letters to write stories instead . 
 more recently , she wrote for her own amusement and to save on outrageous monthly book bills . 
 now she 's totally addicted and needs her daily writing fix or heads roll ! 
 you can find mina at : <br/> 
