 prologue two weeks ago i was picturing his face-a boy with floppy brown hair and brown eyes-when the feed ended . 
 at first i did n't know what had happened . 
 i did n't know where i was or why it was so dark . 
 i knew only that the pain inside me-the feeling that i was being drained from the inside out-had subsided , and now everything was numb . 
 maybe i no longer existed . 
 `` it 's over , '' cole whispered in my ear . 
 i wanted to answer , but my mouth was n't working . 
 `` nikki , try to open your eyes . '' 
 that was why it was dark . 
 my eyes were closed . 
 i 'd been squeezing them shut for i do n't know how long . 
 the muscles around them had forgotten how to relax , so it was some time before i could pry them open . 
 when i did , they stung , like a fresh wound exposed to cool air . 
 after a hundred years they had forgotten how to produce tears . 
 it was still dark all around us , but as i worked on my eyes , the black forms that had bound me to cole began to peel away , as if an oil slick were lifting from my skin . 
 i could see . 
 i looked at my arm , from my shoulder down to the elbow , and a little lower , to where it disappeared behind cole 's back . 
 my skin was so pale . 
 almost blue . 
 i was wearing a black tank top . 
 i tried to remember putting it on but came up with nothing . 
 `` nikki . 
 try to stand up . '' 
 i shook my head , surprised that i could move my head at all . 
 the shades , with their black , fluid forms , had cocooned us so tight for so long . 
 cole 's head was next to mine , his chin resting on my shoulder , his blond hair touching my cheek . 
 `` you can take your time . '' 
 `` mmm , '' i said . 
 it was all i could manage . 
 i started with small movements , flexing my fingers and my toes , shocking my hibernating muscles awake . 
 cole did the same . 
 i could feel his fingertips pressing into my back , restarting the circulation . 
 i worked up to my knees , my legs , my elbows , making small movements against cole 's body . 
 but where i tried to separate my legs from his , the skin stung . 
 it was as if we had been sewn together , and i was ripping us apart . 
 i groaned in pain and pulled him tight against me again . 
 he let me . 
 `` i know it 's going to be hard , nik . 
 we 'll just take it slow , okay ? '' 
 i nodded , and he held me for a few long minutes before we tried to separate again . 
 this time , he rubbed the affected skin as we went , and i had a brief memory flash of a woman ripping a band-aid off my knee , and then rubbing it to ease the pain . 
 but when i tried to focus on the image , it slipped away and i was in the dark again . 
 i shook and reached for cole , but this time he grabbed my wrists , gently and firmly . 
 `` nik , i 'm sorry . 
 the shades say the feed is over . 
 i know it feels weird , but we have to get used to it . '' 
 i was n't sure i believed him . 
 without his embrace , my body felt empty and hollow , as though we were one person , divided . 
 except it was n't an even division . 
 he had taken away everything that made me ... me . 
 and i would only be me again when i was next to him . 
 i was n't sure my body would survive on its own anymore . 
 i was no longer whole . 
 even though i was trembling , i sat up . 
 my legs dangled over the stone ledge of our alcove and i looked around . 
 we were in a giant cavern , the walls of which were filled with hundreds of alcoves just like the one we were in , but they were all empty . 
 somewhere in the back of my mind , i knew we were the last ones to start the feed , so we were the only ones left . 
 stairs built into the rock zigzagged up the walls , leading to the alcoves above us . 
 the ground was covered in a sea of black sludge that swelled and pulsed like a lake in a storm . 
 more shades . 
 hundreds of them . 
 maybe thousands . 
 `` they 're stretching out too , '' cole said from behind me . 
 they should be . 
 the shades had been wrapped around us for the entire century , unmoving , funneling my own energy directly into cole . 
 cole . 
 i turned my head until i could see him in my peripheral vision , deeper inside the alcove . 
 his was the only voice i 'd heard for the past hundred years . 
 the only name i knew anymore . 
 he rubbed his eyes , trying to pry them open with his fingers . 
 `` this part never gets easier , '' he said . 
 i faced forward again , looking out over the dark ground . 
 i had this niggling feeling that i was forgetting something very important . 
 the more i tried to figure out what it was , the more my heart pounded . 
 if i could just remember , my heart would n't explode . 
 and then it hit me . 
 when i 'd opened my eyes , i 'd forgotten the face . 
 his face . 
 that 's what it was . 
 i closed my eyes again , and there he was . 
 hair that flopped forward in a tangled mess . 
 big brown eyes that could search me out in any crowd . 
 callused hands that could lead me anywhere . 
 i could n't remember the name that went with the face . 
 i 'd lost it years ago . 
 `` nik ? '' 
 cole shifted so that he was sitting beside me . 
 he had shaken off the shroud of a deep sleep . 
 `` nik , look at me . '' 
 there was a strange urgency to his voice . 
 i twisted my head to look at him and was struck by how attractive he still was . 
 i had been in his arms , but i had n't seen his face for a century . 
 it was the same . 
 his blond hair framed his dark eyes-eyes that were wide open now , in surprise . 
 his gaze roved over my face , my body . 
 `` how did you do it ? '' 
 `` do what ? '' 
 my voice sounded strange . 
 i was n't really paying attention to what he was saying because i was thinking about being wrapped up with him again . 
 being whole again . 
 i started to lean toward him , but he put his hands on my shoulders and studied me . 
 `` you ... you 're still the same nikki . 
 you survived . '' 
 he cupped my face in his hands , and then turned it left and right , as if he could n't believe what he was seeing . 
 `` i found you . '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 he shook his head with a strange smile on his lips . 
 `` i mean , i 've searched for you-for someone like you-for thousands of years . '' 
 he tilted his head back and gazed up , as if he were thanking the cavern ceiling for something . 
 he clasped my hands so tightly it hurt . 
 `` you have no idea what this means . 
 this . 
 never . 
 happens . 
 nik , you do n't have to go to the tunnels . 
 you can stay with me . 
 become an everliving . '' 
 he jumped off the ledge and stood on the ground , the shades there making way for his feet . 
 he reached out his hand . 
 `` come with me , nik . '' 
 i looked at his hand , and then up at his face . 
 `` where ? '' 
 `` out of here . '' 
 he gestured to the giant cavern . 
 `` you can live forever like me , and you wo n't have to go to the tunnels . '' 
 his face involuntarily grew hard . 
 it seemed even immortals were scared of the tunnels . 
 i reached for his hand , then hesitated as i remembered that face . 
 the one with the brown eyes . 
 the boy with the hands that fit mine just right . 
 i 'm not sure how , but i knew if i went with cole , i 'd never see that face again . 
 the boy with that face was not an everliving . 
 he was a human , and he was on the surface . 
 where i 'd left him . 
 i knew it like i knew i needed air to live . 
 `` no , '' i said . 
 i pushed away from him and stood up on my own . 
 somewhere in the back of my mind , i knew i had another choice . 
 `` i 'm going home . '' 
 the shades at cole 's feet whipped into a frenzy at this . 
 `` wait , '' cole said , the realization of what i 'd said sinking in . 
 `` wait ! 
 she does n't know what she 's saying ! '' 
 but they did n't change course . 
 one shade rose from the whirlpool and , in front of my eyes , morphed into the shape of a dagger , driving itself into my shoulder . 
 it felt like a hot poker , searing through my flesh . 
 as i screamed , other shades gathered round . 
 they snatched me up , and in a whirlwind of black , i flew through the air as the sound of cole 's voice grew faint behind me , shouting my name . 
 i landed with a thwump on a surface that was cold and hard , the side of my face smashed against what looked like industrial tile floor . 
 i could smell ammonia , and it was so strong it made my eyes water . 
 where am i ? 
 i was n't in the everneath anymore ; the light was too bright , the odors too strong . 
 i rolled over onto my back and found myself staring into fluorescent lights that were n't lit , yet i had to shield my eyes . 
 i looked around . 
 on my right , a mop leaned against the wall in the corner , next to a brown wooden door with a no admittance sign . 
 on my left were rows and rows of potato chips and candy , a couple of soda fountains , and a counter with a cash register . 
 it was a store-a convenience store , probably-and despite the brightness of the place , it was the middle of the night . 
 i realized how dark the feed cavern must 've been if even the middle of the night was too bright for me here . 
 i shifted , and a sharp pain shot through my shoulder , still tender from where the shade had stabbed me . 
 i closed my eyes and pictured the boy with the brown hair , and as i took in my first really deep breath of surface air , a name to match the face came to me . 
 a name i 'd been trying to cling to for a century . 
 `` jack . '' 
 one now park city high school . 
 five and a half months of my return left . 
 it was too soon . 
 but , really , i 'd been gone for a hundred years . 
 everything about my old life would feel like it was coming at me too soon . 
 especially high school . 
 i stepped through the doors of park city high and nearly choked on the smell of fresh paint . 
 i glanced around . 
 none of the other students seemed to be affected by it , but it made my eyes water . 
 the halls of the high school looked the same , reminding me that aboveground-far above the everneath-only six months had passed while i was away . 
 time moves differently in the everneath . 
 one hundred years to me was just months on the surface . 
 everything was the same . 
 and everything was different . 
 a banner hung above the entrance to the upper-class hall . 
 park city high : home of the miners . 
 right then a few large boys dressed in football jerseys and jeans ran under the sign , jumping and high-fiving the miner 's chisel as they went . 
 junior year . 
 a waste of time in one respect , considering i 'd never make it to the end of the year , let alone graduation . 
 i only had six months before the tunnels came for me . 
 but i needed to be here . 
 needed to glimpse , for a moment , the life i had before . 
 the year i should 've had . 
 to see jack one last time , despite how we left things . 
 to see my family again . 
 this was my chance to say good-bye . 
 it was a chance i did n't get last time . 
 i scanned the hallway , searching for his face , but looked down quickly after catching a few questioning stares . 
 i knew he was here somewhere in the building . 
 the thought gave me goose bumps . 
 at least i had enough emotions left inside me to even get goose bumps . 
 blushes and chills did n't take much - i 'd recovered them about a week ago , along with all of my memories . 
 but it was the stronger emotions , the ones that produced laughter and tears , that eluded me still . 
 i glanced down at my schedule . 
 first-period english literature . 
 as i checked the room numbers at the tops of the doors , curious whispers floated along the hall behind me , hanging in the air above my head . 
 is n't that nikki beckett ? 
 she looks awful ... is she still using ? 
 has to be ... what else would do that to a person ? 
 poor jack . 
 does he know she 's back ? 
 does he know she 's strung out ? 
 when i found the right room , i clutched my books to my chest , lowered my head , and walked through the door . 
 someone-probably the new english teacher-called from near the front of the classroom . 
 `` miss beckett , is it ? '' 
 hearing my own last name did strange things to my heart . 
 made it beat a little faster . 
 a little harder . 
 it had been so long since i 'd had a last name . 
 for a hundred years , cole had called me only by my first name . 
 it was how the everliving treated their forfeits-if you did n't have a last name , you did n't have a life outside the everneath . 
 nothing to want to come back to . 
 maybe that was why he was so surprised that i chose to return . 
 i stopped just inside the doorway and lifted my head toward the teacher , keeping a few strands of hair in front of my eyes as i nodded in response . 
 `` welcome . '' 
 she hesitated as she took in my appearance . 
 people did that a lot . 
 my dad told me it was because i looked like a malnourished animal , ready to sprint . 
 i 'd lost a lot of weight , and my dark hair no longer held any curls . 
 `` the principal told me to expect you . 
 i 'm mrs. stone . 
 i see you have the textbook . '' 
 i nodded again . 
 `` there 's an empty chair in the back there , and here 's a supplemental book on mythology . '' 
 she pointed toward the rear of the classroom , but i kept my gaze on her . 
 `` you 'll have to work hard to catch up with the rest of the class . '' 
 i turned and shuffled down the middle row until i reached the empty place at the back . 
 once seated , i took out my notebook and pencil and leaned forward over my desk so my hair created a curtain on either side of my face . 
 i could do this . 
 but i could taste the curiosity in the air . 
 literally . 
 cole used to tell me that the everneath would change me-make me more in tune with the emotions of others because i was so empty of my own . 
 now that i was back , i could `` taste '' emotions hanging around me . 
 certain emotions were stronger than others , and would hit me when i was n't ready . 
 like when my dad told me he was so happy i was back and that he did n't blame me , but his disappointment in the air tasted as strong as a clump of salt . 
 it was n't so easy to identify most of them , except when an entire group was feeling the same thing . 
 like now . 
 thirty people in a room , all curious . 
 but as the class settled in for the lecture , one emotion , separate from the curiosity , floated to the top of the rest . 
 i could n't figure out what it was . 
 it would 've been easier if i 'd been prepared . 
 `` hi , '' a familiar voice said from the desk next to mine . 
 i startled . 
 it was him . 
 jack . 
 the boy who had gotten me through hell . 
 i was n't expecting him to be in my first class of the day . 
 here he was , my reason for returning , but any words i used to know got caught in my throat . 
 i wanted to run toward him and away from him at the same time , laugh and cry at the same time . 
 instead i froze . 
 all this way , just to see him , and i 'd never planned for what to do next . 
 jack 's voice sounded flat . 
 or more that he tried to make it sound flat . 
 maybe i was the only one who would 've picked up on that . 
 i kept my head down , took a deep breath , and picked the easiest of the words that were stuck in my throat . 
 i exhaled as slowly as i could , and the word slipped out . 
 `` hi . '' 
 the word had no accompanying voice to it . 
 just the escaping air behind my lips . 
 he turned away from me to focus on mrs. stone . 
 i wondered how i was going to get through the hour . 
 i took notes furiously , transcribing every word mrs. stone said . 
 since my return , my emaciated muscles made my hands shake , and i looked for ways to keep them busy . 
 it was part of the reason i took up knitting . 
 in the two weeks that had passed since i walked out of the shop-n-go and back through the door of my father 's home , i had knitted an entire wardrobe 's worth of clothes , a few dog sweaters for my neighbor , and a handful of toaster cozies . 
 mrs. stone spoke animatedly about the role of the hero in mythology . 
 when she asked the class for their favorite stories or figures from myths , several students raised their hands . 
 a large kid in the back said , `` hercules . '' 
 another boy , wearing a mathletes are athletes too shirt , said , `` aphrodite . '' 
 people laughed . 
 i did n't know why . 
 it seemed to be an inside joke and i was an outsider . 
 then a blond girl in the front row raised her hand and said , `` hades and persephone . '' 
 i could n't help flipping forward in the textbook to the story . 
 i did n't know why it would be anybody 's favorite . 
 according to myth , hades , the god of the underworld , fell in love with persephone , kidnapped her , and tried to make her his queen . 
 when he tricked her into eating six pomegranate seeds , she was bound to the underworld for six months out of every year . 
 kidnapping and imprisonment . 
 it was a horrible myth . 
 i wondered where her hero had been . 
 jack 's leg bounced up and down , distracting me . 
 i wanted to reach over and put my hand on his knee and tell him everything would be okay . 
 but that was impossible . 
 i stared harder at my paper and tried not to think about jack 's leg . 
 the bell to end class startled me , and i dropped my pencil . 
 it bounced on the floor , toward jack 's desk . 
 i froze . 
 maybe he had n't noticed . 
 i 'd wait and get it when the rest of the class left . 
 i stayed perfectly still . 
 the room cleared out , but i could n't sense any movement from the desk next to mine . 
 before i could stop myself , i looked up . 
 he was there , motionless , holding my pencil in his hand , watching me . 
 my eyes drank in the sight of him , even as my body fought the urge to bolt . 
 his hair was the same rich brown color , but it was longer and shaggier than before . 
 and his face had lost any signs of baby fat , making me think his mom had stopped forcing meatball sandwiches down his throat like she used to during football season . 
 his eyes were exactly as i 'd remembered , exactly as i 'd pictured every day for the past hundred years . 
 chocolate . 
 but there was one difference : a single steel post pierced one of his eyebrows . 
 it would n't have belonged on his face a year ago , but it somehow fit the face looking at me now . 
 this face was edgier . 
 this face had been through something . 
 he was beautiful . 
 i started to tremble . 
 it took all of my strength , which was n't very much , not to run out the door . 
 he 'd obviously waited for me to look at him . 
 like his voice , his face held no easily identifiable emotion to pinpoint . 
 no love , no hate . 
 he held out my pencil for me . 
 i reached over and grabbed it , my fingers brushing lightly against the palm of his hand . 
 i could hear my own intake of breath . 
 he did n't flinch in the slightest . 
 he did n't draw his hand back . 
 `` mr. caputo ? 
 miss beckett ? '' 
 mrs. stone called from the front of the classroom . 
 `` are you waiting for something ? '' 
 `` no , mrs. stone , '' jack said , keeping his curious eyes on mine . 
 `` just saying hi to an old ... friend . '' 
 i gathered up my books and tried not to think about how it used to be . 
 last year september . 
 six months before the feed . 
 six months before i went under . 
 `` hey , becks ! '' 
 jules , my best friend , called out to me from the end of the hallway . 
 most of the students clearing their lockers for the day turned to look . 
 jules had a way of grabbing attention . 
 `` you going to the game tonight ? '' 
 i was about to answer , but another voice rang out from just behind me . 
 `` she 'd better , '' jack said as he wrapped an arm around my waist and pulled me back against him . 
 i could smell the fresh leather on his letterman jacket as i crunched against it . 
 `` why is that ? '' 
 i asked , smiling and instantly warm in his arms . 
 i still could n't get over the fact that jack caputo and i were ... together . 
 it was hard to think the word . 
 we had been friends for so long . 
 to be honest , he had been friends with me and i had been secretly pining for him since ... well , since forever . 
 but now he was here . 
 it was my waist he held . 
 it did n't seem real . 
 `` i ca n't carry the team to victory without you , '' he said . 
 `` you 're my rabbit 's foot . '' 
 i craned my neck around to look at him . 
 `` i 've always dreamed of some guy saying that to me . '' 
 he pressed his lips to the base of my neck , and heat rushed to my cheeks . 
 `` i love making you turn red , '' he whispered . 
 `` it does n't take much . 
 we 're in the middle of the hallway . '' 
 `` you want to know what else i love ? '' 
 his tone was playful . 
 `` no , '' i said , but he was n't listening . 
 he took his fingers and lightly trailed them up my spine , to the back of my neck . 
 instant goose bumps sprang up all over my body , and i shuddered . 
 `` that . '' 
 i could feel his smile against my ear . 
 jack was always smiling . 
 it was what made him so likable . 
 by this time , jules had snaked her way through the throng of students . 
 `` hello , jack . 
 i was in the middle of a conversation with becks . 
 do you mind ? '' 
 she said with a smirk . 
 right then a bunch of jack 's teammates rounded the corner at the end of the hallway , stampeding toward us . 
 `` uh-oh , '' i said . 
 jack pushed me safely aside just before they tackled him , and jules and i watched as what seemed like the entire football team heaped on top of their starting quarterback . 
 `` dating jack caputo just might kill you one day . '' 
 jules laughed . 
 `` you sure it 's worth it ? '' 
 i did n't answer , but i was sure . 
 in the weeks following my mother 's death , i had spent nearly every morning sitting at her grave . 
 whispering to her , telling her about my day , like i used to each morning before she died . 
 jack came with me to the cemetery most days . 
 he 'd bring a book and read under a tree several headstones away , waiting quietly , as if what i was doing was totally normal . 
 we had n't even been together then . 
 it had been only five months since my mom died . 
 five months since a drunk driver hit her during her evening jog . 
 five months since the one person who knew all my dreams disappeared forever . 
 jack was the reason i was still standing . 
 yeah , i was sure he was worth it . 
 the only thing i was n't sure about was why he was with me . 
 two now lunch . 
 five and a half months left . 
 at lunchtime , my lunch sack and knitting needles in hand , i tried to weave my way through the crowded halls as fast as i could , searching for a quiet place to eat . 
 i turned a corner and a small group of cheerleaders broke out into some random rally song . 
 the noise ricocheted off the metal lockers and rang in my ears and in my brain . 
 i ducked into an empty classroom and took a few deep breaths . 
 it was hard for me to believe i had ever gone to school every day . 
 how could anyone survive so many people in one place ? 
 everything here was loud . 
 even in this room , electric morsels of energy reached me , triggering my hunger , reminding me of where i 'd been and how much of my own energy had been stolen . 
 i closed my eyes and allowed myself a moment to wish that i had my own emotions back , that i was n't so empty . 
 i realized how much had changed . 
 on the other side of a century , i had wanted to feel less , not more . 
 maybe most teenagers would n't think like that , but when the drunk driver killed my mom , i wanted more than to stop feeling sad . 
 i wanted to stop feeling . 
 period . 
 i wanted it so bad that when cole offered to make it happen , i went to the everneath with him . 
 willingly . 
 now i knew what really happened when emotions were gone . 
 cole bought himself another hundred years of life by draining me , and in the abyss left over there was no peace . 
 only an emptiness that made me ache as if my insides had been scraped out . 
 i peeked out into the hallway again . 
 the crowds had thinned , but not enough . 
 i wanted to go home . 
 or at least someplace quiet . 
 but i 'd promised my dad i would finish out the day . 
 last year , i 'd left my dad in the heat of an argument . 
 i threw despicable words at him and then walked out and never came back . 
 this time , i was determined to do things better . 
 i would not leave him , alone in a room , with echoes of the things i never should 've said frozen in the air . 
 i did n't have control over much during my return , but i could control how i would leave the people i loved . 
 he asked me to stay in school , and so i stayed . 
 when my heartbeat had regulated , i ventured out of the classroom and found the corner of the darkest hallway on the second floor . 
 i wedged myself in the nook between a drinking fountain and the brick wall . 
 homecoming euphoria wafted through the halls . 
 i could taste it . 
 i focused on the wall beside the fountain . 
 blocked out everything else . 
 the paint was peeling away . 
 it had come loose in one large patch , perfectly intact , and was just hanging there . 
 i wanted to rip it off , but i did n't . 
 if i left it alone , maybe it could somehow fall back into place without cracking . 
 last year , i 'd counted down the days to the homecoming football game , crossing off the squares on my calendar . 
 but last year was over a century ago . 
 this year , i would n't be wishing away time . 
 i stared at the peeled paint . 
 nobody noticed me here . 
 i 'd found my spot . 
 last year homecoming . 
 five months before the feed . 
 the clock counted down from thirty , and the student section chanted each number . 
 park city and wasatch had been in-state football rivals for decades , and this year , with jack at the helm , the park city miners had the chance to take the `` boulder '' home for the first time in ten years . 
 the boulder was a piece of granite , brought down from the summit of nearby mount olympus , and it held more significance than any state trophy . 
 once , kasey wellington , the park city tight end , had stolen the boulder . 
 his parents let him rot in jail for three days for shame . 
 the only way to get the rock is to earn it . 
 when the clock reached ten seconds , jules grabbed my hand . 
 `` this is it ! '' 
 she shouted over the roar of the crowd . 
 jack 's older brother , will , was on the other side of me . 
 he reached for my other hand , a proud smile on his face for his little brother . 
 then he offered me a swig of the silver flask he 'd started carrying around in his coat ever since he 'd turned twenty-one . 
 i gave him a disapproving look , and he shrugged good-naturedly , took a sip , then shoved it back in his pocket . 
 i wondered if jack 's mom knew how much her other son was drinking . 
 seven seconds . 
 in big moments like this , each of the five senses becomes more acute . 
 i knew the smell of mowed grass and mud , and the chill of the icy rain on my skin , and the sound of jules screaming in my ear , would be grafted onto my soul and become part of the irremovable things about me . 
 the stuff that memories are made of . 
 i breathed in . 
 three ... two ... one ... the bleachers shook as hundreds of fans jumped . 
 it was so loud i had to cover my ears . 
 then the mass exodus from the stands started . 
 jules and i joined the rest of the school , scaling the wall that divided the fans from the field . 
 throwing my legs over the top of the barrier , i turned around and started to lower myself to the turf below . 
 two strong hands grabbed my sides , lifting me off the wall . 
 my feet did n't even touch the ground . 
 with his hands at my waist , jack flipped me around so i was facing him and pulled me tight , my head above his , our noses inches from each other . 
 his smile was dazzling . 
 it always had been , but before , i was just admiring it from afar as he flashed it toward lacey greene or one of his other girlfriends . 
 tonight it was for me . 
 `` we did it , becks ! '' 
 he spun me around . 
 `` congra - '' i could n't get anything else out , because his lips were on mine . 
 his mouth tasted faintly of salt . 
 the eye black on his cheeks was no doubt smearing onto my face , but i did n't care . 
 we had this moment together , and i knew it would be over too quickly . 
 after all , he was the hero . 
 soon his teammates would be carrying jack off the field on their shoulders . 
 i knew if i wanted to date the quarterback , i 'd have to share him on a night like this . 
 now my lunch nook . 
 my knitting needles darted back and forth as they worked . 
 my lunch sack sat untouched on the hard tile floor beside me . 
 the drinking fountain next to my shoulder shuddered to life , cooling the water . 
 i liked the white noise and solitude my nook gave me . 
 `` nikki ? '' 
 i paused the frantic knitting , but i did n't look up . 
 maybe whoever it was did n't mean me . 
 `` becks ? '' 
 maybe not . 
 two feet appeared next to my lunch sack . 
 how had she tracked me down ? 
 i looked up . 
 the girl looking down at me had n't changed at all . 
 she was still beautiful , her round face as cherubic as ever , her long blond hair falling in curling cascades over her shoulders . 
 that hair always looked like a snapshot of a waterfall , as if it should be moving . 
 she was uneasy . 
 i could sense it . 
 `` hi , jules-julianna , '' i said . 
 she smiled sympathetically and sank to the ground so she was facing me . 
 i set my knitting down . 
 `` jules , '' she corrected . 
 `` you call me jules . '' 
 i tapped the floor with my fingers , closing my eyes for a long blink . 
 i felt one of the knitting needles being placed back in my hand , and when i opened my eyes , jules set the ball of yarn in my lap . 
 she fingered the flowers on the hat i 'd nearly finished . 
 `` this is gorgeous , becks , '' she said . 
 my nickname felt like warm coffee traveling down my throat , heating my insides . 
 `` when did you learn to knit ? '' 
 `` two weeks ago . '' 
 my fingers automatically began their work again . 
 `` you always were a quick study . '' 
 i smiled . 
 she used to hate the fact that school came easy to me . 
 right then the bell rang , ending the lunch hour . 
 i shot up to my feet , startling jules . 
 i could n't help it . 
 everything seemed louder here . 
 `` whoa , becks . 
 we still have five minutes , '' she said . 
 `` sorry . 
 i just ... '' i did n't know how to finish . 
 jules squeezed my hand . 
 `` it 's okay . 
 i can only imagine what you 've been through . '' 
 she did n't say it , but it sounded like she believed the rumors that i 'd run away and ended up in rehab . 
 at least she was n't asking me for the full story . 
 i 'd rather people believed the rumors than have to try to explain that i 'd been in some version of the underworld for a hundred years . 
 i did n't need everyone thinking i was crazy , too . 
 i did n't speak to anyone else for the rest of the day . 
 when i got home from school , my dad was in the living room with a woman in a gray suit he introduced as mrs. ellingson . 
 she said she was there as my friend . 
 i told her i did n't need friends . 
 she asked me to pee in a cup . 
 later that night my dad called me into his study . 
 i knew whatever he wanted was serious , because the study was where all of our serious talks took place . 
 he was finishing up an email when i went in , so i sat quietly and looked around . 
 the room smelled like leather . 
 the dark wood walls of the study were covered with pictures of his accomplishments . 
 his graduation ceremony from law school . 
 his inauguration as mayor of park city . 
 cutting the ribbon for the renovation project at the egyptian theater on main street . 
 there was only one family picture in the study , taken for our christmas cards two years ago . 
 my mom and dad sitting on a couch holding hands , me and my now ten-year-old brother , tommy , standing behind them . 
 poor tommy . 
 he was happy i was back , but he did n't know what to do with me . 
 it took him a full week to realize i was in no condition to throw the baseball with him like i used to . 
 he always seemed to be waiting for me to say something . 
 anything . 
 and then he 'd leave disappointed . 
 i loved him , but i did n't know how to fix all of the things that were broken in our family . 
 my dad 's desk was scattered with papers , many of which showed bar graphs of the latest polling numbers for his reelection campaign . 
 i wondered if the mess surrounding me affected those numbers , but i was afraid to ask . 
 `` how 's the campaign ? '' 
 i said . 
 he held up one finger , eyes still on the monitor . 
 `` just ... one ... minute ... and send . '' 
 he shut the laptop , and then clasped his hands together and placed them on his desk . 
 `` the campaign 's fine . 
 it 's in percy 's good hands . 
 but that 's not what i wanted to talk to you about . '' 
 i did n't think so . 
 he shifted in his chair , and the taste in the air only confirmed what his body language was telling me . 
 my dad was nervous . 
 `` now that you 're back , i thought we could discuss expectations . 
 specifically , what i expect from you , and what you expect from me . '' 
 it could n't be a coincidence that the first time we talked like this came after a visit from mrs. ellingson . 
 she 'd probably given him a pamphlet titled `` defining expectations : how to reconnect with your strung-out teenage daughter '' or something like that . 
 but i 'd promised myself to make things easier on my dad , and if this was what he needed ... `` i 'm listening , '' i said . 
 `` good . 
 here is what i expect from you . 
 number one : you will attend school , every day , and you will keep up on your studies . 
 agreed ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` number two : you will submit to random ... testing from mrs. ellingson . 
 agreed ? '' 
 it sounded like he was hesitant to use the actual word drug . 
 maybe if he did n't say it , it could n't be true . 
 `` agreed . '' 
 `` number three : i 've arranged for you to do community service at the road home soup kitchen , starting next week . 
 you will serve one lunch hour for every day you were gone . 
 clear ? '' 
 `` clear , '' i said . 
 `` the trib is sending a photographer . '' 
 a photographer ? 
 to cover me slopping soup ? 
 percy jones , my dad 's campaign manager , had probably arranged it . 
 `` okay , '' i said . 
 `` now your turn . 
 what do you expect from me ? '' 
 i smiled and answered as honestly as i could . 
 `` nothing . '' 
 apparently , that option was n't in the handbook , because my dad looked a little flustered . 
 before he could recover , i went over and kissed his head . 
 `` good night . '' 
 as i walked away , i decided i would try to do everything i could to appease my dad in the little time i had left . 
 i wished my mom were still alive . 
 she would know how to comfort him now , and after i was gone . 
 the lights in tommy 's bedroom were off , so i crept down the hall to my room . 
 i opened my door as quietly as i could and shut it behind me without turning on the light . 
 i clicked on the lamp above my desk , illuminating the open english lit book . 
 as i sat down , i thought about how i would be on display at the soup kitchen tomorrow . 
 `` why are you doing this , nik ? '' 
 the deep voice came from inside my room , near my bed . 
 i gasped and shot out of my chair . 
 cole . 
 three now my room . 
 five and a half months left . 
 he was n't supposed to be here . 
 i was n't supposed to see him again . 
 `` wo n't you look at me ? '' 
 he said . 
 cole 's voice . 
 i 'd know it anywhere . 
 the sound of it took me back to those long days in the everneath , where the only things that existed for me were cole 's voice and his touch . 
 i felt my pulse quicken all the way to my fingertips as a million questions flooded my head . 
 why was he here ? 
 what did he want ? 
 but before i could say anything , i started toward him . 
 i did n't even realize i was doing it until i had almost crossed the entire room and made it into his now open arms . 
 his presence made me aware of the emptiness inside me , as if the only way we would have a complete soul would be if we were together . 
 a couple more steps and i would feel whole . 
 i froze . 
 what was i doing ? 
 i could n't be near him again . 
 i could n't let myself trust him again . 
 following him to the everneath had been my choice , but he 'd made me think he would help me . 
 i hated him for letting me believe i had no other option . 
 `` strange , is n't it , nik ? 
 the connection between us now . '' 
 he grimaced and cocked his head to one side , as if he were waiting for me to close the distance between us . 
 when i stayed perfectly still , he added , `` you do n't have to fight it . '' 
 deliberately i placed one foot behind the other and backed up until i was sitting in my chair and gripping the sides to stay in place . 
 i swiveled around so my back was to him and i was facing my desk again . 
 i could think more clearly if i was n't looking at him . 
 it scared me that i had n't noticed him . 
 if it had been anyone else waiting there , i would 've been able to sense extra emotions , but cole survived on stolen ones . 
 those were harder to sniff out . 
 i listened as his footsteps came closer . 
 `` you 're going to ignore me now ? '' 
 he sighed . 
 my hands started to shake , but somehow i had the presence of mind to open my book . 
 running would be pointless . 
 if i could just get through this , then maybe he would leave me alone . 
 i stayed completely still . 
 `` mythology , '' he commented , looking over my shoulder , reading from the top of the chapter . 
 `` i could help you with that , you know . 
 if you 'd let me . '' 
 `` i 'm sure you could , '' i mumbled . 
 `` you were there . '' 
 `` ah , she speaks . '' 
 reluctantly , i turned toward him , and he shifted the guitar that hung from his shoulder to his side . 
 when cole stockton had first come to park city more than a year ago to play at the sundance film festival with his band-the dead elvises - the school buzzed with excitement . 
 especially since the second guitarist , maxwell bones , had been dating a senior at park city high , meredith jenkins . 
 i 'd met cole through meredith . 
 at the time , i thought he was mysterious and rebellious , but kind too . 
 i knew better now . 
 it was all part of the lie . 
 concerts were nourishment for cole and his band . 
 they could snack on the heightened emotions of a captive audience . 
 it was an easy way to steal the energy he needed to survive between feeds . 
 `` how did you get in here ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` the window . 
 the lock 's broken . '' 
 he brought his guitar forward then and picked through a haunting melody , as if adding mystery to the broken lock . 
 `` you should n't be here . '' 
 cole 's lip pulled up in the same smirk that had hundreds of teenage girls swooning last year . 
 `` she was the original breath of life , you know . '' 
 `` who ? '' 
 `` isis . '' 
 he pointed to the open book behind me . 
 `` i thought persephone was the first . '' 
 `` she had a lot of different names . 
 i used to tell you about isis and osiris . 
 do n't you remember ? 
 or is it all gone ? '' 
 he blew out a breath that smelled of ash , and then started to strum background chords . 
 `` osiris was the first man who tried to straddle the line between the mortal and the immortal worlds . 
 the first of the everliving . 
 the search for immortality nearly killed him . '' 
 he struck a minor chord . 
 `` then along came isis . '' 
 he walked over to my open book and ran his finger along a painting depicting a man , nak * d and lifeless on the ground , and a woman with wings hovering over him . 
 `` isis breathed life back into osiris . '' 
 he paused and looked at me . 
 `` just as you did for me . '' 
 cole made eternal life sound as simple as breathing , but i knew better . 
 i slammed the book shut . 
 `` that painting looks nothing like what i went through in the feed . '' 
 `` if you think the feed was bad , wait until the tunnels come for you . '' 
 `` it ca n't be much worse . '' 
 he looked at me , his eyes boring into my own . 
 `` yes , it can . 
 i came here to show you . 
 something i should 've done in the caverns . '' 
 before i could protest , he placed his hands on either side of my head and i felt something whoosh inside . 
 immediately my bedroom melted away . 
 everything around me went pitch-black . 
 my chest was crushed , as if it were in a vise , and when i fought for breath , i inhaled a handful of dirt , and choked . 
 buried alive . 
 i fought and clawed at the heavy dirt weighing down on me , until my fingertips felt air . 
 i dug my way out and fell in a heap on muddy ground . 
 but i was n't outside . 
 i was in a long , dark tunnel with walls of coal , hundreds of pale hands sticking out , flailing . 
 i tried to crawl away , but the hands grabbed my ankles , my legs , my arms , and dragged me back inside the walls . 
 i opened my mouth to yell at cole to make it stop , but the black rocks poured in , covering my tongue and pushing toward the back of my throat . 
 the whole thing felt too real . 
 the stones in my mouth cut the inside of my cheek , and i tasted blood . 
 this was no vision . 
 i was trapped . 
 i screamed , but i could n't hear a sound until the nightmare had completely disappeared and i was back in my room with cole , his hand over my mouth . 
 i blinked , trying to reconcile what had just happened in my head . 
 he gave me a look , like are you done screaming ? 
 i nodded and he lifted his hand . 
 the vision had left me lightheaded , and i started to sway . 
 cole caught me and held me close to him , my head on his chest . 
 where i should 've heard his beating heart there was nothing . 
 `` those are the tunnels , nik . 
 those are what you chose , over me . '' 
 the tunnels . 
 the everneath 's final claim on every last drop of energy in a forfeit . 
 i knew they were bad , but cole 's shared vision left no doubt . 
 `` why are you here ? '' 
 my voice sounded breathless . 
 as if it should 've been obvious , cole said , `` i came here to offer you eternal life . 
 again . '' 
 i pushed away from him . 
 `` i already made my choice . '' 
 `` yes , but it 's obviously the wrong choice . 
 return with me . 
 to the everneath . 
 and we 'll live in the high court . 
 and you wo n't be a battery in the tunnels . 
 you could be a queen . '' 
 `` the everneath has a high court ? '' 
 `` of course . 
 it 's where osiris and isis ruled . 
 hades and persephone . 
 every realm in every dimension has people who give orders and people who take orders . 
 and i 'm tired of taking orders , nik . '' 
 i grimaced . 
 `` that has nothing to do with me . '' 
 he paused and let out a little sigh . 
 `` then i 'm saying it wrong , because it has everything to do with you . 
 i want what hades and persephone had , and i ca n't do it without you . 
 the only time the queen of the everneath has been overthrown is when an everliving has found his perfect match . 
 i 've spent my whole life-and it 's a long one , trust me-looking for my perfect match , and it 's you . 
 i knew you were different from the first moment i met you . 
 the first moment you placed your hands on mine . 
 you remember ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 it had been the night we first met . 
 `` your cheeks turned red , and i was gone for you . '' 
 he shook his head , and his lip quirked up in a smile . 
 `` i know you felt it too . 
 the connection between us . 
 it started even before the feed . '' 
 i looked away , because my cheeks were getting warm thinking about it , and i could n't let him see it . 
 remembering that night was pointless . 
 i was a different person now . 
 `` it does n't matter what i felt then . 
 i did n't know who you really were . '' 
 i glanced up . 
 he raised his eyebrows and said , `` it would n't have made a difference . '' 
 he held my gaze with eyes so intense i could n't look away . 
 he was probably right . 
 from the moment we met , i had been drawn to him . 
 at the time , nothing would 've changed my decision to go with him . 
 i just hoped i was stronger now . 
 i turned away , and then he pulled his guitar forward and picked a smooth , soft melody . 
 `` you 've had plenty of forfeits , '' i said . 
 `` what exactly makes me different ? '' 
 `` i wish i knew . 
 i really do . '' 
 he let out a deep breath and stood up as if he would leave . 
 `` think about it . 
 i 'm offering immortality . 
 you could be like me . '' 
 `` tell me one thing . 
 if i went with you , became an everliving , would i have to feed off others the way you fed off me ? '' 
 he hesitated for a moment , then nodded . 
 `` i thought so . 
 i would never do to someone else what you did to me . 
 i 'd rather be a battery in the tunnels . '' 
 i tried to infuse my voice with authority , but the attempt made it crack . 
 he smiled . 
 `` you do n't belong here . 
 and you do n't belong in the tunnels . '' 
 he leaned closer , swinging his guitar around to his back . 
 `` you saw what i just showed you . '' 
 i shivered as i remembered the vision . 
 `` we could go now , and leave it all behind . 
 look at you . 
 this world will kill you . '' 
 cole was right . 
 returning was harder than i 'd imagined , but i could n't let him know that . 
 his eyes locked on mine . 
 `` please , nik . '' 
 he ran a finger down my cheek . 
 i blinked my eyes to break his gaze , and turned back around to my book . 
 `` i 'm already dead . 
 it 's your world that killed me . 
 just go . '' 
 he placed his hand on my shoulder , his fingers grazing my collarbone , causing the black scar on my shoulder to sting . 
 the mark was shaped like a stab wound-a thin oval with pointed ends-and it was in the same spot where the shade in the everneath had transformed into a knife and sliced me . 
 it 'd never completely healed . 
 `` you were supposed to ... '' he paused , and when he spoke again his voice was gruff . 
 `` you were supposed to forget your life here . '' 
 i nodded , wincing from his touch on my shoulder . 
 `` i forgot most of it . '' 
 i had forgotten almost all of it , and if i had n't remembered jack 's face , i probably would 've gone with cole . 
 `` why would you ever choose to return ? 
 you could 've just gone straight to the tunnels . 
 why , nik ? '' 
 i flipped a page of my textbook . 
 `` i do n't have to answer you . 
 i do n't owe you anything . '' 
 `` hmm . '' 
 his gaze hardened . 
 `` you know , i was wondering about your brother , timmy . '' 
 i eyed him warily . 
 `` tommy . 
 what about him ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` nothing much . 
 it 's just that i 've never fed off a child before , mostly because children 's emotions have n't matured to their full potential . 
 i always thought of them as unripe fruit . 
 but now i wonder if it would be more like eating veal . '' 
 i stood up and grabbed his arm and pulled him away from the bedroom door . 
 `` do n't . '' 
 `` do n't what ? '' 
 `` you know what . 
 leave tommy alone . '' 
 my voice was stronger than it had ever been since i returned . 
 `` i 'll answer your question , if you promise to leave my family alone . '' 
 `` you 'll answer my question ? '' 
 just get through this , i thought . 
 `` yes . '' 
 he cocked his head , as if he was taking his time to consider the offer . 
 finally , he sat on my bed . 
 `` deal . 
 why did you come back ? 
 and remember , it does n't count if you 're not honest . 
 and , nik . '' 
 he paused , his gaze boring into me . 
 `` i 'll know if you 're lying . '' 
 i took a breath . 
 `` i came back to see my family again . '' 
 jack was family too . 
 `` and to say good-bye ... better . 
 last time , i left during a fight , with no explanation . 
 at least this time i can leave them a note , so they do n't waste their time thinking i was kidnapped or something . '' 
 cole moved forward a little . 
 `` be serious . 
 you do n't really believe there 's a good way to say good-bye forever , do you ? '' 
 i did n't answer . 
 he was giving voice to thoughts i 'd been trying to bury , because i knew how selfish i was being in returning . 
 he sighed . 
 `` i 'll tell you this much , nik , you may have survived a century in the everneath , but you wo n't last six months on the surface . 
 you 'll be begging me to take you away again . 
 i promise . 
 there 's too much pain for you here . '' 
 i squeezed my eyes shut as i listened to the sound of my bedroom window opening . 
 he paused . 
 `` your mark . '' 
 my hand flew up to the black daggerlike mark on my collarbone . 
 it was still warm . 
 `` what about it ? '' 
 `` it 's the mark of a shade . 
 you have a shade inside you now . '' 
 seeing my expression , he quickly said , `` do n't worry . 
 it ca n't hurt you . 
 but eventually that shade will want to be reunited with the tunnels . 
 it 's like a magnet for them . '' 
 i 'd thought it was just a scar . 
 i suddenly wanted to tear at the skin on my shoulder . 
 rip it until there was no dark left . 
 it could n't be true . 
 `` why are you telling me this ? '' 
 `` in case you start thinking you can hide . 
 the tunnels will find you . 
 they ca n't be outrun . 
 they ca n't be overpowered . 
 and as long as that mark is on you , they 'll find you . '' 
 `` why do you care if i try to run ? '' 
 when he spoke , his voice was soft . 
 `` the tunnels can track you . 
 but i ca n't . '' 
 i could n't listen anymore . 
 whether it was true or not . 
 `` get out . 
 just get out . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` i 'm gone . 
 but watch your mark . 
 it will grow bigger as your time on the surface winds down . '' 
 he slipped through the window and was gone . 
 i sprinted to the mirror hanging on the back of my closet door and pulled the collar of my shirt aside . 
 cole was right about my mark . 
 i had n't noticed before , but it was getting bigger . 
 what if it was n't just a scar ? 
 what if it was an actual shade inside of me ? 
 a tracking device , growing , counting down the time i had left . 
 and there was nowhere i could hide . 
 four now the soup kitchen . 
 five months , one week left . 
 i tried to forget about cole 's visit . 
 he did n't come back the rest of the week , and i thought maybe he would give up . 
 at least , i hoped . 
 that saturday , my shift at the soup kitchen started . 
 i was relieved to be put to work . 
 there was no way to make up for all the pain i 'd put my family through , but service to others was a start-my last chance for any sort of redemption , if it existed . 
 when i got to the shelter , the manager of the soup kitchen met me outside the doors , and another a man with a serious camera was there . 
 i felt like turning and leaving , but i could n't disappoint my dad anymore . 
 i had to get through it . 
 the manager came toward me , hand extended . 
 `` nikki , right ? 
 your dad told me to expect you . 
 i 'm christopher . '' 
 smile . 
 click . 
 the flash of the camera went off as christopher took my hand . 
 `` nice to meet you , '' i said . 
 christopher leaned in and said in a quiet voice , `` just ignore this guy . 
 what matters is that you 're here to do some good . '' 
 i immediately liked christopher . 
 his breath smelled like peppermint and tobacco , and tattoos of vines and wire crept out from underneath the collar of his shirt and snaked along his neck . 
 he ignored the photographer and led me inside to the dining hall , which smelled like a cafeteria mixed with a thrift store . 
 it was n't hard to learn the ropes at the soup kitchen , and after ladling the first few bowls , i hit a groove . 
 the photographer took the required pictures of me with a ladle in my hands . 
 then he took off . 
 as the line of people grew , i could no longer study faces and wonder how they ended up waiting for handouts at a soup kitchen . 
 i just slopped chili and tried to keep my ladling hand from shaking . 
 most of the people trudged along silently , which is why i was surprised when i heard an older woman say to me , `` you are absolutely beautiful . '' 
 i looked up from the vat of soup . 
 `` me ? '' 
 `` yes , '' the old woman said . 
 deep wrinkles filled every inch of her face . 
 the skin around her eyes was pinched in the corners , as if she 'd spent years squinting . 
 despite this , her eyes looked clear and fresh . 
 her withered hands reached out to take the soup ; they seemed so brittle i worried the bowl would be heavy enough to snap them . 
 `` you 're not old , '' she said . 
 `` oh , '' i said , a little puzzled . 
 `` i guess not . 
 i 'm seventeen . '' 
 `` i 'm eighteen , '' she said . 
 she straightened up as she spoke , making herself a little taller . 
 christopher , who was standing next to me , dealing out the bread , chuckled . 
 `` hi , mary . 
 how are you today ? '' 
 the woman-mary-kept her eyes on me when she answered . 
 `` just fine . 
 can you believe how young she looks ? '' 
 i turned to christopher , who winked at me reassuringly . 
 `` yeah , she looks seventeen . '' 
 a loud crash made us both whip our faces toward mary , who had thrown her bowl of soup to the linoleum floor . 
 `` i 'm eighteen . '' 
 her lower lip trembled . 
 `` i 'm eighteen , i 'm eighteen ... or maybe i 'm nineteen . 
 wait , who 's the president ? '' 
 her words melted into sobs , and she seemed to forget where she was . 
 `` who 's the president ?! '' 
 she wailed . 
 then she jerked her head up and looked at me with clear , dry eyes , and out of nowhere she said , `` you broke a heart . '' 
 my breath caught in my throat . 
 she said it with such conviction , for a moment i had a hard time believing it was just a random comment . 
 it was like she could see inside me , to the guilt that was there . 
 but she could n't know . 
 it was n't possible . 
 christopher made his way around the counter and put his hand on her shoulder . 
 `` c'mon , mary , '' he said . 
 `` let 's go sit down and have some lunch . 
 together . '' 
 one of the other volunteers-a girl maybe a few years older than me , with two french braids on the sides of her head-handed me a couple of rags , and we mopped up the floor . 
 `` do n't worry about her , '' the braid girl said . 
 `` what 's wrong with her ? '' 
 `` dementia or something . 
 the first time i met her , she kept saying she was lost . 
 asked me over and over to help her find someone 's daughter . 
 i had no idea what she was talking about . '' 
 `` someone 's daughter ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` yeah ... penelope or priscilla or something . '' 
 she made one last swipe at the floor and then gathered up the rags into a big ball in her hands . 
 `` she would n't stop talking about it . '' 
 `` who is penelope 's daughter ? '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` she never said . 
 maybe it 's a friend she used to know . 
 poor woman . '' 
 penelope 's daughter . 
 strange . 
 maybe the braided girl was right , that it was an old friend . 
 or maybe it was nonsense . 
 once the lunch was over and the chairs were stacked away , christopher told me that mary had been coming to the shelter for about a month and she seemed to be suffering from dementia . 
 i guess i sort of knew how she felt . 
 but i decided if i saw her again , i 'd ask her about penelope 's daughter . 
 maybe i could help her figure out what she was looking for . 
 there was nothing i could do to make up for everything i 'd done , but if i could help just one person finish these next six months better off than she started them , that would be something . 
 home . 
 my mother used to make pancakes every sunday morning . 
 after she died , my dad avoided the kitchen each week . 
 now that i was home , i decided to reinstate the sunday tradition . 
 i put a kettle of water to boil on the stove and then i looked out the window . 
 tommy was sitting in the chestnut tree , holding a fishing pole . 
 tommy . 
 i thought of all the things he 'd been through in his short life and all the loss he 'd experienced . 
 he was so confused about where i 'd gone and why i was suddenly back . 
 i owed him more than i was giving him . 
 maybe not an explanation , but i had to try to make it better . 
 i watched as he balanced on a thick branch , raising his fishing pole and swishing it forward and back . 
 ten o'clock to two o'clock . 
 i smiled . 
 he was giving his latest batch of homemade flies a `` test run . '' 
 i put a tea bag in my mug and set it on the counter . 
 then i went outside , creeping around the side of the house to where the chestnut tree towered over our tall wooden fence . 
 tommy did n't see me at first . 
 i watched him send a cast out , expertly avoiding branches and flowers . 
 i could n't think of any other ten-year-old who would consider this a fun sunday morning , but tommy always was different from other kids in the neighborhood , and sometimes those other kids teased him for it . 
 i looked at the rough bark on the tree and the wooden slats nailed into the trunk for climbing . 
 i used to climb the tree too , with jules . 
 we would sit at the top , where the summer pruning created perfect flat seats . 
 we 'd pluck the spiky chestnuts , leaving their green outer shells intact , and throw them at the neighbor boys . 
 i always took particular care in aiming for jack 's head . 
 he told me later that he rode his bike by my house on purpose . 
 i asked him if he liked pain . 
 jack , will , jules , and i became inseparable . 
 stayed that way for a long time , until will left for the war right before christmas . 
 a fishing fly landed at my feet . 
 `` hey , nikki , '' tommy called out from his perch . 
 `` what do you think ? 
 would you take the bait ? '' 
 i picked the fly up and squinted one eye as i examined it . 
 my hand started to shake , and the fly slipped from my fingers . 
 `` definitely . 
 she 'll fly true . '' 
 `` wan na come up and cast with me ? '' 
 i thought about my trembling hands and the spasms that had plagued my weak muscles since my return . 
 hanging from branches was n't a good idea . 
 `` thanks , buddy , but i do n't think i 'm much for climbing trees lately . '' 
 `` you 're no fun anymore , '' tommy said , sounding disappointed . 
 `` i 'm sorry , tommy . '' 
 `` everyone says sorry , '' he said . 
 `` i 'm tired of everybody being so sorry . 
 i just want things to be normal . '' 
 i did n't say anything , because my first instinct was to apologize again . 
 `` now that you 're home , can we be normal again ? '' 
 how was i supposed to answer that truthfully ? 
 i knew my return would be difficult , but as i watched tommy playing in the backyard , hoping for something that could never happen , i was struck by how painful it had become . 
 it hurt to see the life i 'd never have . 
 `` ca n't we , nikki ? '' 
 tommy pressed . 
 `` be normal ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 i 'd started to walk away when he added , `` you can pick a fly . 
 from my personal collection in my room . '' 
 i knew how precious his collection of favorites was . 
 i forced a smile . 
 `` thanks , tommy . 
 how about i pay you for it ? '' 
 he smiled wide , then started to reel in the line as i turned to go . 
 five now after school in mrs. stone 's classroom . 
 five months left . 
 a week passed and my mark doubled in size , to two fingers wide . 
 one morning , mrs. stone offered to help me catch up since i 'd started school almost a month later than everyone else . 
 she 'd assigned the class thirty-page `` practice thesis '' papers , due in the spring . 
 i decided the finished paper would go to my dad , to give him some sort of physical evidence that for six months i was here and making an effort . 
 when i showed up in her classroom after school , she was talking to a student at her desk . 
 i did n't get a good look because i kept my head down and went directly to my normal seat in the back , even though every chair was empty . 
 i pulled out my textbook , ignoring the conversation at the front . 
 until i heard jack 's voice . 
 `` the deadline 's not for a couple of months , '' he said . 
 my heart sputtered . 
 i glanced up . 
 jack 's back was to me , so i watched , grateful for the chance to stare at him . 
 `` that 's fine , '' mrs. stone answered . 
 `` i stay late most days , so you 're welcome to work here-then i can help you when you need it . 
 but do n't you have football ? '' 
 `` practice does n't start until three thirty . 
 so that 'll give me an hour . '' 
 jack peeked toward the back of the room and i ducked my head . 
 `` i really appreciate your help . '' 
 `` i 'm happy to see you taking more of an interest in english , '' mrs. stone said . 
 `` those competitive college programs are looking for well-rounded applicants . 
 too much math and science is n't nourishing to the soul . '' 
 i smiled at her enthusiasm , flipped through the pages of my book , and took my notebook out of my bag . 
 i did n't hear his footsteps , so his voice startled me . 
 `` hi , '' he said . 
 i dropped my notebook . 
 jack sat down beside me in the same seat he used during class . 
 i could n't move . 
 he reached to get my fallen notebook and held it out for me . 
 `` thanks , '' i said . 
 this time there was a little sound behind the word . 
 i should have asked him about his project . 
 or his football . 
 or the weather . 
 that 's what old friends would do . 
 but the words were n't there , so i turned back to my open lit book . 
 `` you missed the big game friday , '' he said . 
 was he expecting a conversation ? 
 i could n't do it . 
 i knew he did n't have feelings for me anymore . 
 it was one of the reasons-the main one-i 'd gone with cole . 
 at the time , his betrayal shattered me , but the feed had since taken away the hurt . 
 it did n't matter anymore . 
 but did i dare let him in again ? 
 i could feel his eyes on me as he waited . 
 the wait seemed very long , to the point where it would have been uncomfortable for anyone else . 
 and yet he sat , watching me . 
 waiting . 
 patient . 
 still . 
 by this time , i 'd almost forgotten what he said . 
 something about missing something . 
 `` yes , '' i said . 
 `` now you 've done it . '' 
 his tone was quietly playful . 
 i could n't help it . 
 i looked up at him questioningly . 
 `` you 've added a third word to your repertoire . 
 hi , thanks , and now yes . '' 
 his lips turned up at the corners , and the heat rushed to my face . 
 he noticed . 
 `` at least that much has n't changed . '' 
 i turned back to my notebook , my hands trembling . 
 he leaned toward me . 
 `` now that we have our first conversation out of the way , do you want to tell me where you 've been ? '' 
 from the way he spoke i knew his smile was gone . 
 i could feel little beads of sweat form on my forehead . 
 `` you left me . 
 without a word , '' he said . 
 he sounded tentative , as if he were trying to keep his voice even . 
 i took in a deep breath , but i could n't figure out what he was feeling . 
 there was n't one singular emotion that was stronger than the others . 
 `` do n't you have anything to say to me ? '' 
 he waited . 
 my heart felt like it would burst through my chest into a million little pieces , and i could see this was n't going to work . 
 i started to close my book . 
 `` do n't - '' he blurted , and i froze . 
 `` do n't go . 
 you do n't have to talk to me . 
 i 'm the one who should go . '' 
 his voice sounded achingly sad . 
 i could hear him packing his bag . 
 say something . 
 say something . 
 `` um ... '' jack paused , as if further movement might stop my words . 
 he was the reason i came back . 
 i could n't scare him off . 
 as hard as it would be to talk to him , it would be much harder to watch him walk out that door . 
 `` no , '' i said . 
 i took a shaky breath . 
 `` you do n't ... have to leave . 
 please . '' 
 he took his book back out and put it on his desk . 
 i followed , setting my own books out . 
 `` thank you , '' jack whispered . 
 we did n't talk for the rest of the hour . 
 jack did n't try to speak to me the following day . 
 or the day after . 
 or the day after that . 
 but he was in mrs. stone 's classroom , in the seat next to mine , every day for an hour after school , the only sounds coming from our pencils scratching against our papers . 
 and the days passed like this quickly . 
 too quickly . 
 i stole glances at him . 
 sometimes he tucked his hair behind one ear , but mostly it hung loose around his face . 
 sometimes he had stubble , as if he were shaving every other day . 
 sometimes i was sure he could feel me staring . 
 his lip would twitch , and i 'd know he was about to turn toward me , so i would hurry and look at my paper . 
 and sometimes i would read the same sentence in the textbook over and over , and at the end of the hour , the only thing i 'd learned was that jack liked to tap his eraser on his desk when he was stumped , and when he would stretch forward , his shirt lifted , exposing a tiny bit of skin on his back . 
 i fooled myself into thinking it could go on like this indefinitely , us being together without any questions . 
 but on one of these afternoons , someone called jack 's name from the hallway . 
 i fought the urge to look up , because i knew that voice . 
 it was the same one that told me bangs were definitely `` out '' on my first day of middle school . 
 lacey greene . 
 after that i 'd spent the rest of sixth grade growing them out . 
 i learned early on that it was safer for girls like lacey greene not to notice you . 
 sure enough , lacey did n't notice me again until i started dating jack last year . 
 `` so , jack , this is where you 've been hiding out , '' she said . 
 i could n't see her face , but i imagined it working hard to look indifferent . 
 i lowered my head closer to my notebook . 
 `` hi , lace , '' jack said . 
 he tapped his eraser on the desk . 
 `` what 's so important that you 've been skipping out on the the ray ? '' 
 the morning ray was a hangout for students after school . 
 we used to go there every day . 
 i almost felt her eyes cutting over to me . 
 `` mrs. stone said i could work on my personal essay here . 
 for applications . '' 
 tap , tap , tap . 
 `` i thought those were n't due for a few months , '' she said . 
 `` that 's right , '' jack answered . 
 it was quiet for a few moments . 
 jack was n't going to elaborate . 
 i tested the air , but i could n't really sense anything . 
 it was more a lack of emotion than anything else . 
 `` just remember senior year is supposed to be fun , jack . '' 
 she paused and then added , `` you used to know how to have fun . '' 
 her voice held implications . 
 i wondered how things had ended up between them after football camp , and if she blamed me . 
 i could 've blamed her . 
 but it was so long ago . 
 `` thanks for the reminder , lace . '' 
 tappity tap . 
 i heard her footsteps echo as she turned and walked away , and the tapping stopped . 
 whatever their past , there seemed to be nothing between jack and lacey now . 
 `` becks ? '' 
 a different voice called from the hallway . 
 i looked up to find jules standing in the doorway . 
 she pointed to her hat , the red one i had knitted . 
 `` i love it . 
 thanks . '' 
 i smiled and raised my fingers in a little wave . 
 jules had n't joined me for lunch again , but she stopped by my nook nearly every day . 
 a couple of days ago , i put the hat in a sack and gave it to her . 
 jules glanced from me to jack . 
 `` hey , jack , '' she said . 
 `` what 's up , jules . '' 
 i could hear a grin in his voice as he spoke her name , and where moments ago the air was empty , now the space around us seemed charged with something sweet . 
 affection , maybe . 
 i could n't tell if it was coming from jack or jules . 
 or both . 
 something tore at my heart a little , at the thought of jack and jules together . 
 maybe i was imagining it . 
 tasting the air was still so new to me , i did n't know which emotions belonged to the people around me and which ones were mine . 
 jules turned and left . 
 i could 've sworn her cheeks were a little flushed . 
 jack shifted toward me . 
 `` so , jules gets a smile , huh ? '' 
 i could feel his eyes on me , waiting for a response . 
 he had n't tried to talk to me since that first day , and his voice directed at me again did strange things to me . 
 made my stomach flutter . 
 of course , jack had always had that power over me . 
 i kept my eyes down , but i could n't stop my lips from turning upward . 
 `` i see that , '' he said . 
 jack always saw everything . 
 last year christmas dance . 
 three months before the feed . 
 jack took me to the christmas dance . 
 it snowed the day of the dance , making the meier farmhouse and dance hall look like something out of a painting , the lights on the roof glowing under sheets of white . 
 and when jack led me onto the dance floor and grasped one of my hands and tugged it up behind his neck , then placed his arm around my back , soft and low , i thought life could n't get better . 
 he pulled me close against him , our hands clasped next to his chest . 
 the cedar from the farmhouse mingled with jack 's aftershave , making a sweet , rustic scent . 
 `` becks , remember the first time we met ? '' 
 he asked , his lips grazing my ear . 
 of course i remembered . 
 the events of that day were permanently etched into my brain . 
 `` you mean , the time you nearly beheaded me with a baseball ? '' 
 `` i had to do something to get the new girl 's attention . '' 
 `` a simple ` hello ' would have worked . '' 
 he pulled me in tighter , as if that were possible . 
 `` why did we wait so long to do this ? '' 
 `` um , because you were making your way through the entire cheerleading squad ? '' 
 he looked at me for a few moments , then shook his head and leaned in to brush his lips along my shoulder . 
 i closed my eyes . 
 if this was what i could expect for the rest of my high school years , i never wanted to graduate . 
 ever . 
 later that night , i was alone in the girls ' bathroom . 
 i 'd just shut my stall when the bathroom doors opened . 
 several voices were in the middle of a conversation , and it sounded like one of the girls was fighting back sobs . 
 `` you 're seriously , like , a hundred times prettier than she is , '' one girl 's voice sounded loudly . 
 `` yeah . 
 i mean , if her dress did n't have those straps , she 'd have nothing to hold it up . '' 
 my cheeks went red as i glanced down at the thin straps on my shoulders . 
 but what were the chances they were talking about me ? 
 `` ignore them both ! 
 you 're at the christmas dance with jake wilson , '' another girl gushed . 
 i froze . 
 i 'd seen who was on jake 's arm as he entered the hall . 
 lacey greene . 
 `` shut up , eliza , '' a new voice said . 
 lacey . 
 it sounded like she was talking through tears . 
 `` that does n't help . 
 i was supposed to be here with jack . '' 
 crap . 
 they were talking about me and my pathetic straps . 
 `` but you guys broke up months ago ... '' another girl said before her voice faded away . 
 `` it was just a break , claire , and he knew it . '' 
 she sighed loudly . 
 `` i gave him everything . 
 he told me he loved me . 
 and the second that little slut gives him one opening , he takes off . '' 
 `` she did n't - '' one girl started to say , but then she stopped . 
 `` if it makes you feel any better , lace , he 'll be over her fast . 
 she has no backbone . 
 she 'll give it up , and he 'll get tired of her , like he does everyone else . 
 then maybe he 'll come back to you . '' 
 my hands started to shake . 
 i was n't just another girl ; the gossip was overblown . 
 jack was n't going to get tired of me . 
 was he ? 
 he 'd told lacey he loved her . 
 was she lying ? 
 i realized i was leaning against the stall door , my hand over my heart as if i could hold it in . 
 even if he did tell her he loved her , he was here with me . 
 that meant everything , did n't it ? 
 the truth was , i did n't know . 
 i 'd never had a boyfriend , and jack obviously had more experience than me . 
 i did n't want to be like the others , but that did n't stop me from wanting to be with him . 
 it did n't stop me from wanting him to want me . 
 i did n't have an answer for that one , but at least i could show them backbone . 
 i flushed the toilet and swung the door open wide , staring straight ahead to the mirrors above the sinks . 
 their chattering stopped immediately , and they watched in silence as i marched over , washed my hands , took my time drying them , looked in the mirror , applied lipstick , and finally made my grand exit . 
 i hoped they were too busy looking at my determined face to notice my wobbly knees . 
 jack was waiting for me when i opened the bathroom door . 
 he grabbed my hand and whisked me away to the dance floor again , as if we were wasting precious seconds . 
 i tried not to let those girls bother me . 
 the fact that jack had dated lacey greene was common knowledge . 
 jack had dated everybody . 
 everybody . 
 like really , everybody . 
 crap . 
 what was i doing ? 
 `` jack ? '' 
 `` mmmm ? '' 
 the band was playing a softer song , mellow and slow . 
 `` why did you ask me out when you did ? '' 
 i tried to sound casual . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` i mean , did something specific happen to make you ask me out ? '' 
 `` yes , '' he said . 
 `` what was it ? '' 
 had i thrown myself at jack caputo ? 
 had i done something to get in lacey 's way ? 
 `` you remember the first game of the season ? '' 
 `` yeah , '' i said . 
 it was jack 's first game as starting quarterback , the youngest starter in school history . 
 i remembered sitting in the second row , directly behind the team bench . 
 `` after i threw for the first touchdown of the game ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 i still could n't figure out where he was going with this . 
 had i flashed him or something , and blocked it out of my memory ? 
 i was pretty sure i was n't holding up any large signs declaring my love or anything . 
 `` our defense took the field , and i was on the bench . 
 when i turned around to look at the fans ... '' he paused . 
 oh no . 
 `` what did i do ? '' 
 he smiled . 
 `` you looked at me . 
 not the game . '' 
 he sighed , as if reliving the memory . 
 i felt my face scrunch up in confusion . 
 `` that 's it ? '' 
 `` that 's it . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` it was the first time i thought there might be a chance . 
 i asked jules about it . '' 
 i bit my lip . 
 `` apparently she does n't understand that trusty sidekicks are n't supposed to spill secrets . '' 
 in a flash , i was suspended in the air , the back of my head inches from the ground , jack 's face a breath away from mine , his lips in a wicked grin . 
 i gasped , more from surprise at the sudden dip than from fear . 
 `` there are no secrets between us , becks . '' 
 his smile remained , but his eyes were intense . 
 i could n't answer . 
 he held me there for a few seconds more , then slowly raised me up , keeping me in his arms . 
 i bit my lip . 
 `` then , can i ask you something ? '' 
 we stopped dancing for a moment , and he frowned . 
 `` uh-oh . 
 that does n't sound good . 
 shoot . '' 
 `` you and lacey ... '' my voice trailed off . 
 `` me and lacey ... '' he said , waiting for me to continue . 
 `` did you break up with her ? '' 
 `` that 's what 's bothering you ? 
 yes , we broke up . '' 
 i thought about what i 'd overheard in the girls ' bathroom . 
 `` does she ... know that ? '' 
 jack smiled . 
 `` i hope so . 
 she was there . '' 
 as if the conversation were finished , jack pulled me close and we started to dance again . 
 then he said in my ear , matter-of-factly , `` she 'll get over it . '' 
 when he pulled up to my house after the dance , we could see the silhouette of my father in the doorway . 
 `` i think i 'll say good night here , '' jack said . 
 `` my dad 's not so bad . '' 
 `` oh yeah , he was great ... right up until the time i started dating his daughter . '' 
 i 'd seen how my dad had become considerably colder toward jack . 
 there were little clues , like the other evening when out of nowhere he told jack about how every football player he went to high school with had gotten fat after graduation . 
 we 'd been talking about what to make for dinner . 
 `` okay , '' i said . 
 `` maybe next time . '' 
 i leaned over to peck him on the cheek , but he grabbed my face in both of his hands and kissed me . 
 his breath tasted like the mints the chaperones had passed out when the dance was over , and when he parted his lips against mine , i shivered , but not because of the cold . 
 i pressed against him even more and hoped the dark inside the car obscured my dad 's view . 
 but i knew better than to push it . 
 as i was about to break away , jack put his hands behind my waist and pulled me even closer , practically lifting me over the center console , so i was sitting in his lap . 
 i pulled back . 
 `` my dad 's going to love that - '' he put his finger over my lips , cutting me off . 
 `` please do n't talk about your dad when i 'm kissing you . 
 besides , unless he 's enacted a law against it - '' `` which he may well do after tonight , '' i interrupted . 
 he smiled and then brought my face to his again for a few moments before finally releasing me . 
 `` after that kiss , we 'd better dream of the same thing tonight , '' he said with a smirk . 
 my face got even warmer , but i tried to speak in a calm voice . 
 `` i 'll probably dream my usual dream , where i show up to school without any clothes on . '' 
 `` me too . '' 
 jack chuckled . 
 i gave his shoulder a playful shove . 
 he popped out of the car and went around to open my door , being careful to avoid any actual contact with me as i stepped out . 
 i waited until his car had rounded the corner before i walked up the pathway and opened our front door . 
 `` careful , nikki , '' my dad said . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` i just do n't want to see my girl so overwhelmed . '' 
 `` i 'm fine , dad , '' i said . 
 `` i know , '' he said . 
 `` it 's just that even though i 'm totally old and unhip , i remember what boys in high school were like . 
 especially the kind like jack caputo . '' 
 `` what kind is that ? '' 
 `` the kind that does n't even walk a girl to the door . '' 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 `` well , he would have , but he had to go drop off his other dates . 
 there were three of us . '' 
 my dad finally cracked a smile . 
 `` good night , old man , '' i said , giving him a hug . 
 wait a sec , honey . 
 `` did i do that okay ? '' 
 `` i pulled back . 
 `` do what okay ? '' 
 it hit me then that this was my first dance since my mom died . 
 i felt a little guilty that i had n't realized it before . 
 it was just that the night was so perfect . 
 before he could explain , i said , `` yes . 
 you did great . '' 
 `` night , nikki . '' 
 the next morning , i found a note in my jacket pocket . 
 i unfolded it and read two words , written in jack 's handwriting . 
 ever yours . 
 six now my bedroom . 
 four and a half months left . 
 i walked into my house after school with a smile on my face . 
 even the smallest interaction with jack , and the fact that he noticed my blush , was enough to send me into orbit . 
 but as i got closer to my bedroom , the mark on my shoulder began to tingle . 
 cole was here . 
 i opened my bedroom door slowly . 
 `` it 's been over a month , nik . '' 
 cole was sitting on my bed , strumming his guitar . 
 and as usual , i tried to ignore him . 
 there was nothing i could do about his visits , but that did n't mean i had to make it easy for him . 
 without looking at him , i took my books out of my bag and placed them on my desk , turned the lamp on , and opened my notebook . 
 i scratched my mark . 
 he strummed a little louder , but i still did n't turn . 
 `` you wo n't last . 
 you must see that . '' 
 `` find somebody else to entertain you , '' i said . 
 `` there is no one else . '' 
 i turned a page in my notebook and started writing again . 
 `` there 's always someone else . 
 you 've been feeding off forfeits for hundreds of years . 
 get a new one . '' 
 `` you do n't give my job enough credit . 
 it 's really hard to convince a girl to follow me . 
 the average pickup lines do n't work so well . 
 ` hey , wan na get coffee ? 
 and then spend an eternity getting the life force sucked out of you ? ' 
 they do n't go for it . 
 think about it , nik . 
 would you have come with me if it were n't for jack being such a - '' `` do n't blame jack , '' i said , even though i wondered if deep down , a tiny part of me wanted to blame him too . 
 `` you 're still defending him ? '' 
 his voice bounced off the walls , seeming extra loud . 
 and then he started strumming again . 
 `` he left you before you ever left him . 
 he 'd never take you back . '' 
 the words stung . 
 `` i do n't want him to take me back . '' 
 `` you do n't have to lie to me , '' he said . 
 he knew me too well . 
 i swiveled around in my chair . 
 `` i 'm serious . 
 you 're right . 
 he deserves better . '' 
 `` you expect me to believe you ? 
 you would choose the pain of a return , and for ... what ? 
 just to see him ? 
 for a few moments ? 
 not to get with him ? '' 
 i nodded defiantly . 
 besides , jack would n't want to get with me . 
 cole was right . 
 he 'd left me first . 
 cole sighed . 
 `` then you 'll get hurt . 
 again . 
 and so will he . 
 you were broken before i ever took you to the everneath . 
 remember how you were when you showed up on my doorstep ? 
 that had nothing to do with me . 
 you came broken and that was the fault of this world . 
 not mine . '' 
 i nodded again , a little less aggressively . 
 `` why do you care if i get hurt ? '' 
 all he said was , `` i hate to see it . 
 whether you go with me or not , i do n't like you getting hurt . '' 
 but his face seemed to say more . 
 as if there were something he was n't telling me . 
 before i could ask him about it , his iphone vibrated in his pocket . 
 he pulled it out , read the screen , and then walked over to the window . 
 `` we 'll finish this later . '' 
 `` tell me why you care , '' i said . 
 he put his hands on the windowsill . 
 `` because it 's you . 
 despite what you think of me , your pain will always be my pain . '' 
 `` there has to be more to it than that . 
 what are n't you telling me , cole ? '' 
 he grinned . 
 `` how are you so good at reading me when you ca n't read anyone else around you ? '' 
 he sighed , and as he climbed out the window , he said , `` i love it . '' 
 he pulled the window down before i could say anything . 
 i slammed my book shut , frustrated . 
 he practically admitted he was keeping something from me , but what was it ? 
 why did he care if jack hurt me ? 
 why was he hiding something from me when my fate was already sealed ? 
 i closed my eyes and put my head in my hands . 
 cole 's visits drained me , but right now he held all the cards because he had all the information , and i did n't know anything . 
 i raised my head . 
 that was my problem-i did n't know enough about the everneath and the everlivings . 
 cole obviously had secrets he was keeping from me , and i could only think of one reason he would do that-he had a weak point . 
 cole valued his power . 
 i had to assume he would conceal anything that posed a threat to that power . 
 i put my books away and grabbed my coat . 
 i did n't know if finding out more about cole and the everneath would get me anywhere , but i had to take a chance . 
 i decided to follow him . 
 there was only one way out of our neighborhood , so it was n't hard to guess which way cole went . 
 the evening air had an early winter bite to it , and i wondered how cole could stand riding his bike in this cold . 
 once i got out to the main road , i looked toward the left , the direction that would lead to town , and saw the unmistakable narrow taillights of a motorcycle . 
 it had to be him . 
 i kept my distance . 
 i would n't learn anything if cole saw me . 
 the road was long and straight , and i did n't have trouble until we got closer to town and he made a few sharp turns , one right after the other . 
 i lost sight of the motorcycle , but i kept going in the direction of main street , keeping my eyes glued to every side street and every alley , so i almost missed his bike . 
 it was in plain view , in the parking lot of a convenience store right off main . 
 not just any convenience store . 
 my convenience store . 
 the shop-n-go . 
 the same place where the everneath had spit me out . 
 i flipped my car around and pulled over about a block down the road , then killed the engine and crossed the street on foot . 
 i was so concerned about being seen , i actually tiptoed . 
 as i got closer , i could see cole through the store window , near the entrance . 
 i crouched down behind a wall that separated the shop from the dry cleaner 's next door , and watched . 
 cole pushed the door open and came outside , and i ducked down even further . 
 but i could still see him . 
 he leaned back against the brick wall of the store as if he were waiting for something . 
 he took the guitar pick out of his pocket and stared at his hand as he rolled the pick over his fingers . 
 it was a typical cole move . 
 i 'd seen him do it many times since the night we met . 
 i was close enough to hear him breathe . 
 what was he doing here ? 
 the door opened again , and i heard a man 's voice . 
 `` it 's done . '' 
 he was talking to cole . 
 the voice was familiar . 
 i could n't see him-he was behind a pillar . 
 `` good . '' 
 cole 's voice . 
 `` keep it up . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 the other voice sounded exasperated . 
 `` we 're already ahead of our quota . 
 and it 's not getting easier . 
 this guy took a lot more persuading than usual . 
 poor bastard was clinging to life . 
 was convinced he had a granddaughter somewhere out there . '' 
 `` i do n't care . 
 if we fall behind , the queen 's people will start asking questions , '' cole said . 
 `` and if that happens , that means more attention on us , and a better chance someone will find out about nikki and report back to the queen . '' 
 at the mention of my name , i took in a quick breath , and then covered my mouth so they would n't hear me . 
 `` wo n't it look suspicious if we flood the queen with food ? '' 
 `` no . 
 she 'll be too high on energy to question anything . 
 it 's only when she 's hungry that she gets curious . '' 
 they were quiet for a moment , and i silently prayed they would keep talking . 
 `` fine , '' the other voice said . 
 `` it had better pay off . '' 
 `` it 'll be worth it . '' 
 i heard one of them sigh but did n't know which one . 
 `` so when 's it going to be your turn to bring an offering ? '' 
 i heard cole 's unmistakable chuckle . 
 `` when you find someone as strong as nikki , i 'll do the same for you . '' 
 `` you saying meredith is n't strong ? '' 
 they both laughed at this . 
 meredith . 
 she 'd been a year older than me at school . 
 she 'd dated maxwell-the dead elvises ' second guitarist-and become his forfeit . 
 what had happened to her ? 
 their voices were growing softer , and i realized they were probably walking away toward the parking lot . 
 then the engines of two bikes roared to life , and they peeled away . 
 one went up the street , and the other passed me on the way down . 
 i pressed even farther back in the shadows but i could still see his face when he went by , confirming what i 'd already guessed . 
 it was maxwell . 
 once i could n't hear their bikes anymore , i stood up and looked at the shop . 
 what did they mean , meredith was n't strong ? 
 i wondered where meredith had ended up , if she was still alive , if she had come back to the surface , or if she was deep in the tunnels . 
 and why did n't maxwell make her the same offer cole made me ? 
 right now my only clue was the shop-n-go . 
 i went inside . 
 the clerk at the register looked like he was a couple of years older than me . 
 he did n't even glance up from the paper he was reading . 
 i walked toward the back , trying to see anything out of place , any clue as to what they were doing . 
 the only thing i noticed was the strong smell of liquor . 
 when i rounded the final corner , to the place where i 'd landed when i 'd returned , i found nothing . 
 no person covered in sludge . 
 no doorway going down . 
 it looked the same as before . 
 it could 've been any spot in any convenience store , except the smell of alcohol seemed to be strongest here . 
 i crouched down and touched the tile , wondering how in the world i 'd passed through it when i returned . 
 it felt dry and cold , just like it looked . 
 but as i was close to the ground , something caught my eye on the floor under the nearest rack of goodies . 
 a brown bag , concealing what looked like a bottle . 
 it was turned on its side , surrounded by a puddle of light brown liquid . 
 the last of the contents dripped slowly out . 
 i stood up and searched the shop . 
 it was empty of customers , except for me . 
 i crouched back down and looked at the bottle , which had to have been dropped recently . 
 someone was just here , minutes ago . 
 it could n't have been max 's or cole 's . 
 they rarely drank anything harder than beer . 
 they did n't need to . 
 i did n't know what it meant , if anything . 
 but whoever dropped the bottle , he was n't here anymore . 
 i walked up to the counter , to where the clerk was still reading his paper , sucking on a lollipop . 
 his name tag said ezra . 
 `` excuse me . 
 did you see anybody in here ? '' 
 he took the sucker out of his mouth , but he did n't look up . 
 `` when ? '' 
 `` just now ? 
 in the back ? '' 
 `` nope . '' 
 i watched him . 
 i probably could 've broken out in a full-on tap dance right then and he would n't have noticed . 
 `` are you sure ? 
 maybe a guy with a paper sack , with a drink in it ? '' 
 he finally looked up , totally bored with the conversation . 
 `` you mean the old homeless guy ? '' 
 now we were getting somewhere . 
 i tried not to sound crazy . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 did he have a bottle ? '' 
 he gave me an exasperated smirk , like i was n't making sense , which i guess i was n't . 
 `` there was an old guy , came in with another guy a few minutes ago . 
 but they left . '' 
 another guy . 
 maybe he meant maxwell . 
 `` was the other guy younger ? 
 and tall ? 
 with black hair ? 
 and a black jacket ... ? '' 
 my voice trailed off as the guy slowly wrinkled his forehead . 
 `` what are you , a detective or something ? '' 
 yes . 
 a seventeen-year-old detective . 
 i smiled and tried to look normal . 
 `` i 'm just looking for my friend . '' 
 he narrowed his eyes , then went back to his paper . 
 `` they came in and looked around . 
 then they left . 
 did n't buy anything . '' 
 he put the sucker back in his mouth . 
 `` they both left ? '' 
 i 'd only seen maxwell come out of the shop . 
 no old guy . 
 `` you do n't see them here anymore , do you ? '' 
 the guy was definitely done with me . 
 he put in his earbuds and pulled out an ipod . 
 `` thanks for your time , '' i said , even though it was obvious the guy could n't hear me . 
 i left the store and climbed back into my car , my breath coming out in foggy puffs . 
 an old man who may or may not have disappeared , and maxwell talking about an offering . 
 it sounded so ominous . 
 or it sounded like nothing . 
 my brain was spinning as i drove home . 
 i tried to make sense of it all , but there were still so many questions , and i did n't know if anything i 'd learned could help me , but what had i expected when i followed cole ? 
 that he would lead me to a magic key that would unlock my salvation ? 
 i wished i knew exactly what i was looking for . 
 one thing i did know-cole did n't want the queen to find out about me . 
 i tucked this piece of information in my back pocket . 
 maybe it would come in handy . 
 seven now school . 
 four months , one week left . 
 an entire week passed and i still could n't get the shop-n-go out of my head , so i was a little flustered when mrs. stone asked about my paper in her room after school . 
 `` do you have the theme of your thesis picked out , miss beckett ? '' 
 she said as she took the seat in front of me . 
 jack leaned closer . 
 it was crazy how any movement from him sent shivers down my spine . 
 `` yes , '' i said . 
 `` what have you decided on ? 
 modern-day parable , or modern-day myth ? '' 
 `` i decided to write a myth . '' 
 `` have you figured out a topic ? 
 a moral conundrum ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 i heard jack 's chair creak . 
 `` it 's about how there 's no such thing as redemption , '' i whispered . 
 `` how you deserve what you get , and no higher power can save you . '' 
 mrs. stone did n't answer immediately . 
 the only sound in the room came from my own breathing . 
 `` what about heroes ? '' 
 i hunched over and scribbled a few lines on my notebook . 
 `` there are no heroes . '' 
 sure , it was n't an optimistic paper , but it was the only thing i could write passionately about . 
 she was quiet for a moment again . 
 when she spoke , her voice was gentle . 
 `` okay . 
 i 'm excited to see what you put together . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` and , mr. caputo ? 
 everything going well with the personal essay ? '' 
 i could only assume he nodded , because mrs. stone returned to the front of the classroom . 
 my right hand started to tremble , and i clenched my pencil and began scribbling . 
 `` you do n't really believe that , do you ? '' 
 jack 's voice was soft . 
 i lifted my head , allowing my eyes to meet his for the first time in weeks . 
 `` it does n't matter what i believe . '' 
 i looked down at my notebook . 
 `` wait , '' he said . 
 i turned back . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he shrugged , then spoke in a low murmur . 
 `` just stop hiding behind your hair for a minute . '' 
 i closed my eyes , but i did n't turn away . 
 `` you 're making things difficult , jack caputo , '' i whispered . 
 `` at least you remember my name . '' 
 i remembered everything . 
 the first time he called me his girlfriend . 
 the first time he told me he loved me . 
 the first time i started to question whether or not i 'd be able to hold on to him . 
 the first time i knew i had to come back to see him again , at whatever cost . 
 last year january . 
 two months before the feed . 
 i was jack 's and he was mine . 
 i was getting used to the idea . 
 `` three whole months , becks . 
 you 've been with jack caputo for three whole months , '' jules said to me in between bites of her turkey sandwich . 
 `` what are you doing to celebrate ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' i said , tracing the wood grains of the cafeteria table with my finger . 
 `` i do n't think jack 's the type who keeps track of anniversaries . 
 besides , three months is n't exactly a long time . '' 
 jules flipped her hair over her shoulder . 
 `` are you kidding ? 
 he 's never admitted to having a girlfriend before you , so three months is like fifty years in jack caputo years . '' 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 `` so now we 're counting in dog years ? '' 
 jules gave me a knowing look , and we both giggled . 
 `` so , becks , is tonight ... the night ? '' 
 she paused , and i caught her meaning . 
 `` no ! '' 
 my cheeks flushed , and i lowered my voice . 
 `` no . 
 no , nothing like that has ... no . '' 
 she raised her eyebrows . 
 `` do n't hold out on me . 
 it 's jack caputo . '' 
 `` stop saying his first and last name , like he 's some sort of god . '' 
 `` he is . 
 at least in this school . 
 and mythological beings like him need the physical pleasures of - '' `` stop ! '' 
 i said , cutting her off . 
 `` i 'm not talking about this anymore . '' 
 she gave me a disappointed look . 
 `` fine . 
 just promise you 'll tell me everything . '' 
 `` i promise . '' 
 after lunch , i took the route that would lead me past jack 's locker . 
 when i turned the corner , i stopped dead in my tracks . 
 jack was leaning back against his locker , his head resting on the metal , his eyes squeezed shut . 
 his face was tense . 
 but that 's not the reason i stopped . 
 lacey greene was standing right by him , close , leaning her shoulder against the locker next to his and talking animatedly . 
 the way she was standing , she was almost forcing his arm to touch her chest . 
 even i would n't have stood like that with jack . 
 then again , maybe that was my problem . 
 whatever she was talking about , it was definitely not a good time for me to interrupt . 
 but i was his girlfriend . 
 if anybody could interrupt , would n't it be me ? 
 i gripped the strap of my bag that was over my shoulder and walked toward them . 
 the closer i got , the more i could hear lacey . '' 
 ... so then i suggested each spirit team member could be assigned two players , and that would cover every - '' her voice cut off when she saw me . 
 at the silence , jack opened his eyes . 
 his gaze met mine , and his face broke into a wide grin , the tension that was there moments ago melting away . 
 `` sounds great , lace , '' he said absentmindedly , keeping his eyes on me . 
 `` do it . '' 
 he pushed off the locker and grabbed me in a tight embrace . 
 `` hi , you , '' he said . 
 the words came out in a contented sigh . 
 lacey no longer existed for him , but i had a clear view of her behind jack , scowling . 
 i squeezed my eyes shut and buried my face in his shoulder , inhaling the clean , leathery scent of his jacket , mixed with something else that was ... so jack . 
 `` hi , '' i said back . 
 he released me , but only a little , so he could see my face . 
 `` so , we celebrating tonight ? '' 
 he said , the grin still in place . 
 his hair flopped over his eyes , and he ran a hand through it so my heart flitted inside my chest . 
 celebrating . 
 i narrowed my eyes . 
 `` did jules talk to you ? '' 
 `` she reminded me it 's our three-month anniversary , and girls like stuff like that , do n't they ? '' 
 i remembered what jules had said at lunch , and studied my hands , which were suddenly fidgeting . 
 `` no . 
 not me . 
 i 'm fine , um , not doing anything . 
 at all . '' 
 he chuckled and put his arm around my neck , steering me down the hall . 
 `` that 's what i love about you . 
 so easy to please . '' 
 his nose touched below my ear . 
 i gave a nervous giggle and could n't get rid of the blush as he drove me home . 
 when we reached my driveway , he squeezed my hand . 
 `` how about we go night skiing ? '' 
 huh . 
 boots , layers of clothes , awkward skis . 
 perfect . 
 `` that sounds great . '' 
 `` good . 
 i 'll pick you up in a half hour . '' 
 i climbed out of the car feeling slightly relieved . 
 as i walked up the sidewalk to my front door , jack rolled down his window . 
 `` becks ! '' 
 i turned around . 
 `` bring a change of clothes tonight . 
 my uncle has a lodge on the hill he said i could use anytime . 
 we 'll stop there for hot chocolate afterward . '' 
 crap . 
 i forced a smile and waved as he took off . 
 it was times like these i missed my mom the most . 
 but even before the crash , would i have talked to her about this kind of stuff ? 
 she 'd been open about most things , but loudly quiet when it came to sex . 
 maybe she had been waiting until i got older , and never got the chance . 
 later that evening , i 'd skied the hill until i thought my ears would fall off from the cold . 
 jack kept suggesting we head in , but i insisted on skiing until every last light on the hill was out . 
 by the time we made it to his uncle 's lodge , it felt like it was two o'clock in the morning . 
 but it was only ten . 
 my curfew was n't for three more hours . 
 `` you can go change in the bedroom , and i 'll try to start a fire , '' jack said as he rubbed his hands together and searched for the light switches . 
 `` great , '' i whispered . 
 i clutched my bag of clothes and tiptoed across the orange shag carpet of the living room and through the bedroom door . 
 once i 'd shut the door behind me , the trembling began , and not just from the cold . 
 i dumped my clothes out on the bed . 
 pink yoga pants and a white sweatshirt . 
 `` just breathe , '' i whispered to myself . 
 i peeled off my freezing ski suit and the layers of thermal cotton underneath , then rubbed my arms to get the circulation going . 
 i was in my bra . 
 and there was only one thin door between me and jack . 
 i hurried and pulled on my fluffy rabbit outfit . 
 my feet were still cold from the mountain , so i kept my thick green wool socks on . 
 catching a peek at myself in the old mirror hanging on the wall , i nearly choked out a laugh . 
 after hours stuck under a ski hat , my dark hair now looked like it had been sucked into the vortex of a tornado , and the clothes made me resemble a cotton-candy marshmallow . 
 it made me relax enough to open the door . 
 when i emerged from the bedroom , jack was crouching next to the fire , his back to me and a mug of hot chocolate in his hand . 
 `` that looks cozy , '' i said in a timid voice . 
 he turned at the sound and-taking in my appearance - immediately spit hot chocolate all over . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i demanded . 
 with an obvious effort to compose himself , he forced his lips into a frown and wiped his chin with the back of his hand . 
 `` breathtaking . '' 
 i raised an eyebrow , and his lips started to quiver , and then there was no stopping him . 
 the laughter came in waves . 
 `` well , that 's not exactly the reaction i was going for , '' i said . 
 `` is n't it ? '' 
 he said , gasping for breath . 
 i put my hand on my hip and tapped my foot as he inhaled deeply and rubbed his eye with the palm of his hand . 
 `` finished ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he shook his head . 
 `` i love you . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry ? '' 
 `` you heard me . '' 
 he stood and walked toward me . 
 i glanced down at my sweats , and then back at his face . 
 `` did you not notice my getup ? '' 
 he halved the distance between us . 
 `` oh yeah . 
 i noticed , '' he said , like it was the sexiest thing he 'd ever seen . 
 his lips curled up into a smile . 
 `` okay , so that 's not the reaction i was going for either , '' i said , taking a small step backward as he closed the gap between us . 
 he grabbed my hands in his and his grin disappeared . 
 `` becks . 
 i think i know what you 're worried about , but i meant what i said . 
 i love you . 
 and i would never push you . '' 
 my entire body turned red . 
 `` but do n't you mythological higher beings '' - i tried to remember how jules had put it - `` need ... the ... um ... '' jack looked confused , and then he chuckled . 
 `` please do n't even try to finish that sentence . '' 
 the nerves had taken over , and there seemed to be a short between my brain and my mouth . 
 `` but you 've had ... the ... i mean , i know i 'm not ... the ... first ... '' `` becks . 
 please . '' 
 he pulled me over onto the couch , in front of the fire . 
 `` look , my history is n't exactly a secret . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` i 'd change it if i could . '' 
 i wrapped the drawstring of my sweats around my index finger . 
 `` okay , '' i mumbled . 
 `` do n't hide your face from me . '' 
 he placed his fingers lightly under my chin and urged my gaze up . 
 `` it 's you . 
 and i do n't want to screw it up . '' 
 could he be serious ? 
 i did n't know whether to believe him or to assume i really did look that undesirable . 
 jack had a rep for easy one-nighters . 
 how long before he grew tired of waiting for me ? 
 it did n't matter . 
 right at that moment , i knew my dad was right . 
 i was totally overwhelmed by jack caputo . 
 there would be no going back . 
 i took his arm and put it around me so i could curl into his chest and hear his heartbeat , which despite his calm demeanor , was racing . 
 he held me close and tight , as if he were tucking a football . 
 he pressed his lips into my hair . 
 `` i love you , becks . 
 i 've never felt like this . '' 
 i nodded against him , still unsure if i could believe him . 
 i thought about lacey and the way she was standing next to him . 
 `` you 've never been in love ? '' 
 he let out a quiet breath , and i felt him shake his head . 
 `` easy to say . 
 harder to feel . '' 
 he ran his fingers through my hair and tucked a few strands behind my ear . 
 with a lighter voice , he said , `` out of curiosity , what would you have said if i wanted to ... '' `` i would 've said no . '' 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` i 'm glad you did n't , because that would have been awkward . '' 
 his chest shuddered with laughter . 
 eight now the soup kitchen . 
 four months left . 
 my days on the surface started to stack up and run together , so i was n't sure how many saturdays had passed before i saw mary at the soup kitchen again . 
 i 'd been looking for her as i ladled chili into soup bowls , because i wanted to ask her about that priscilla 's daughter the braid girl was telling me about . 
 my need to help her was stronger than i could explain . 
 it 's not like she was the first senile person i 'd ever met , but ever since she told me i 'd broken a heart , i felt a sort of connection to her , as if her dementia gave her a unique insight into people 's souls . 
 i knew that was n't possible . 
 when i 'd served about half the tub of soup , i saw her in the line . 
 as she reached for a tray , an old silver bracelet slid down her arm and settled on her wrist . 
 it was the only jewelry she wore and looked heavy on her frail wrist . 
 it must 've been an heirloom or something . 
 `` hi , nikki , '' she said when she reached my station . 
 i did n't remember telling her my name . 
 `` hi , mary . 
 how are you today ? '' 
 `` can you eat with me ? '' 
 `` um ... '' i glanced at christopher right next to me , and he nodded . 
 `` sure , i guess . '' 
 maybe he considered this another aspect of service , beyond ladling soup . 
 i dished myself a bowl and followed mary to one of the long rectangular tables in the dining hall . 
 we took the two seats on the end , facing each other . 
 `` i 'm sorry about the other day , '' she said . 
 `` the little scene i made . '' 
 `` it 's okay . '' 
 `` i just ... sometimes i get confused . '' 
 she broke her bread into tiny little pieces and placed them in her soup . 
 `` i understand . '' 
 she looked at me with strangely hopeful eyes . 
 `` do you ? '' 
 `` sure , mary . '' 
 i considered telling her my great-aunt had alzheimer 's , but decided not to . 
 maybe she 'd be offended if i compared them . 
 she waited for me to say something else , so i felt it was a good time to ask her . 
 `` mary , one of the girls here told me you were looking for somebody 's daughter ? '' 
 her eyes darted back and forth , as if she were nervous about being overheard . 
 i wondered if it was a secret . 
 i lowered my voice . 
 `` is that right ? '' 
 she did n't answer , so i pushed a little . 
 `` i could try to help you find what you 're looking for . 
 was it penelope 's daughter ? '' 
 mary went from looking frightened to suddenly trying to stifle a laugh . 
 i guess it did sound a little ridiculous . 
 once she 'd regained composure , she said , `` i do n't remember anything about that . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 she was quiet again . 
 obviously if she knew something about it , she was n't going to offer it . 
 i changed the subject . 
 `` so , where are you from ? '' 
 `` here . 
 park city . '' 
 `` do you have family ? '' 
 `` just my mom . '' 
 i tried not to look skeptical . 
 she had to be at least eighty years old . 
 maybe she meant her mother was still here in spirit . 
 or that she 'd been raised by a single mom . 
 i changed the subject again , because i did n't want to be the one to break the news that her mother was probably dead . 
 `` that 's a pretty bracelet , '' i said , pointing to her wrist . 
 `` where did you get it ? '' 
 she deftly moved her hands under the table , a reflex action . 
 `` it 's been passed down through my family for generations . '' 
 she took a bite of soup and roll . 
 `` to the women , '' she added . 
 `` but you ca n't have it . '' 
 `` oh . 
 well , it 's beautiful , '' i said . 
 the lunch line was starting to thin out . 
 mary swallowed , took a drink of her water , set the cup down , and leaned forward . 
 her hands started to shake . 
 `` help me , nikki . '' 
 the statement came out of nowhere . 
 `` um , okay . 
 what can i do ? '' 
 `` i 'm confused . 
 i was ready to go . 
 and now i do n't know what to do . '' 
 was she talking about dying ? 
 `` what 's waiting for me ? '' 
 she asked . 
 i slowly shook my head . 
 `` honestly , i do n't know . '' 
 `` but what do you believe ? '' 
 a year ago , my christian upbringing would have told me the answer : paradise . 
 when i used to ask my dad where he thought my mother was , he would tell me she was above , looking down on us . 
 but now that sounded like another lie people tell themselves to feel better . 
 i knew nothing of heaven . 
 `` i do n't know what 's waiting for you , '' i said . 
 her face fell . 
 `` but it has to be better than this life , '' i added . 
 `` it just has to be . '' 
 her shoulders relaxed , and i realized how tense she had been . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 as we were cleaning up after the lunch rush , the braid girl came over to me . 
 `` sorry you got stuck with mary today . '' 
 i bent down with a dustpan to scoop up some crumbs . 
 `` it was fine . 
 i feel sorry for her . 
 i tried to ask her about penelope 's daughter , but she just seemed confused . '' 
 `` persephone , '' braid girl said . 
 i popped up . 
 `` what did you say ? '' 
 braid girl shoved a bite of leftover roll into her mouth . 
 `` it was persephone 's daughter , '' she said with a full mouth . 
 `` i remembered . 
 only she said it all formal , like daughters of persephone . '' 
 she tied her trash bag and took it out back , and i was left in the middle of the floor , holding my dustpan . 
 daughters of persephone ? 
 too weird . 
 the following week , i could n't get mary and the daughters of persephone out of my head . 
 when i got to the soup kitchen on saturday , mary had already been through the line and was sitting at a table with a woman i did n't recognize . 
 she looked like she was my father 's age , maybe a little older . 
 her clothes were the kind i 'd expect at an art gallery , not a shelter kitchen . 
 i waved to mary . 
 she looked at me , but she did n't wave back . 
 her head was lowered , and her shoulders sagged as the woman sitting across from her did most of the talking . 
 i slid into my place by christopher . 
 `` sorry i 'm late . '' 
 `` no problem . 
 i 'll just dock your pay , '' christopher said with a little wink . 
 i served up a couple of bowls , but i could tell i had missed the lunch rush . 
 `` who 's the woman sitting with mary ? '' 
 i asked christopher . 
 he looked up from his bread basket . 
 `` do n't know . 
 have n't seen her here before . '' 
 `` she looks familiar , though , does n't she ? '' 
 he squinted . 
 `` maybe a little . 
 something about her , but i do n't think she 's ever been here before . 
 look '' - he pointed with a piece of bread - `` she 's not eating . 
 maybe she 's just here to visit mary . 
 many of our patrons still have family , you know . '' 
 i watched for a few minutes . 
 mary was n't talking much , except to give a one-word response or to nod . 
 i glanced at the tray in front of her . 
 she had n't touched it . 
 i noticed mary 's wrist . 
 she was n't wearing her bracelet . 
 she did n't look happy , and i hoped the woman would leave soon so i could talk to mary and make sure she was good . 
 toward the end of the lunch hour , the woman stood . 
 mary leaned toward her , as if to hug her , but the woman turned and walked away before she could . 
 once she was gone , i went to mary 's table . 
 `` can i sit down ? '' 
 i asked . 
 she looked at me and motioned toward the chair . 
 `` are you okay , mary ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` yeah , i guess . '' 
 `` who was that woman here with you ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` was she family ? '' 
 mary looked at me warily , and nodded . 
 `` she 's my mother . '' 
 she slumped a little in her seat and looked at my face . 
 `` you do n't believe me , '' she said . 
 i put my elbows on the table and tried to sound understanding . 
 `` it 's not that , mary . 
 we all get confused . '' 
 mary nodded . 
 `` she 's mad at me . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` i have something that belongs to her . 
 that 's the only reason she came . 
 it 's the only way i could get her to talk to me . '' 
 `` what do you have ? '' 
 she took her spoon and dragged it through the soup . 
 `` i 'm not supposed to talk about it . '' 
 `` why not ? '' 
 `` i 've already disappointed her enough . '' 
 i reached over and put my hand on her arm . 
 i understood about disappointing people . 
 `` friends forgive each other . '' 
 she looked up from her bowl . 
 `` i do n't think you believe that any more than i do . '' 
 i drew my hand back , and mary stood and grabbed her tray . 
 `` wait , '' i said . 
 `` i wanted to ask you about the daughters of persephone . 
 maybe i could - '' `` stop trying to help , '' she interrupted . 
 she turned around and took her tray over to the garbage . 
 i sighed . 
 maybe she was beyond help . 
 nine now my bedroom . 
 four months left . 
 time 's flying for you , nik . '' 
 cole was sitting in the darkest corner of my bedroom , his guitar lying silent beside him . 
 i was n't sure why he only ever showed up in my room . 
 i did n't complain anymore . 
 his visits were my chance to learn more about the rules of the everneath . 
 the scar on my shoulder began to prickle , as if it were waking up . 
 it did that whenever cole was around . 
 i wondered if the shade inside me could feel the presence of an everliving . 
 cole could n't know i thought about any of this . 
 i nodded and flipped through my notebook on top of my desk , trying to fight the urge to go sit next to him . 
 now that i was prepared for the pull between us , it was easier to ignore it , but it never went away . 
 `` is it everything you hoped it would be ? '' 
 cole said . 
 `` it 's everything i allowed myself to hope for , '' i qualified . 
 he sighed , then grabbed his guitar and picked out a classical melody . 
 i thought it was bach , but i was n't sure . 
 `` where 's your family ? '' 
 so we were going for small talk now ? 
 i turned around . 
 `` my dad 's at his campaign headquarters and tommy 's at my aunt grace 's . '' 
 he picked through another few measures of the melody . 
 `` so you came back to be with your family and friends , and yet you sit alone most nights . '' 
 i turned back to my desk . 
 `` it does n't have to be like this , nik . '' 
 he leaned his head against the wall with a soft thud . 
 `` i can take you now . 
 you 've only seen the caverns and the tunnels-and yes , those places are all about the awful-but the rest of the everneath is n't like that . 
 it 's like the elysian fields . '' 
 i gave him a quizzical look . 
 `` elysian fields ? '' 
 he rolled his eyes . 
 `` you have n't been doing your homework . 
 the fields are a place of light , of happiness , where nobody is dying the slow death of mortality . 
 and all of the good emotions inside you are expressed outwardly in your surroundings . 
 i think it 's heaven . '' 
 `` except for the part where you have to steal energy from other humans to survive . '' 
 he was quiet for a moment . 
 when he spoke again , his voice was muted . 
 `` it 's a small price to pay for heaven . '' 
 `` show me , '' i said . 
 he blinked . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` show me . 
 like you showed me the tunnels . 
 only this time , show me the fields . '' 
 he glanced away as he considered it , and then shook his head . 
 `` it 's too hard . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` because i 'd have to use my own energy . '' 
 when i protested he continued . 
 `` too much time has passed since i 've been in the everneath . 
 i do n't have any extra energy to waste giving you the five-cent tour . '' 
 his refusal made me want to see the fields even more . 
 i sat down next to him on the floor . 
 `` please , cole . 
 help me see what i 'll be missing . '' 
 he frowned and sighed . 
 `` enough with the sad eyes . 
 i 'll do it . 
 but it 'll have to be a quick glance only . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` hold still , '' he said as he brought his hands to my head and placed them on either side . 
 `` you do n't have to hold your breath , nik . '' 
 i had n't realized i was . 
 i let out a sigh and heard him chuckle softly , and then my bedroom melted away . 
 i was standing in an open field , surrounded by light . 
 a soft breeze with clean air-not the dank stuff in the caverns , but clean , crisp air-ruffled through my hair . 
 i looked at my hands . 
 they were no longer sickly pale . 
 i filled my lungs with air , expanding them to capacity , and then even further . 
 i was so caught up in the delicious air , i forgot where i was , or how i 'd gotten there . 
 all i knew was that my bare feet longed to be running . 
 i took off toward the center of the field , the length of my stride growing with each step until i thought one more step and i would be able to push off from the ground and never land . 
 it was the sweetest feeling , as if nothing would ever burden me again . 
 one more step and i would fly . 
 but i did n't get to try . 
 too soon , the field disappeared and i was back in my bedroom , acutely aware of how hard my chair felt against my body and how heavy the air was here . 
 it was like coming down from a high . 
 cole struggled for breath beside me . 
 he lay down on his back , put his hands over his eyes , and tried to even his breathing . 
 he looked like he 'd just crossed the finish line of a marathon . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 i asked , distracted . 
 i wanted back inside the vision . 
 `` nothing a little mouth-to-mouth wo n't cure , '' he said , but he could n't muster the energy to laugh at his own joke . 
 `` you 're no good for me , nik , '' he said in between gasps . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 his breathing slowed a little and he looked up at me . 
 `` i ca n't say no to you . '' 
 i scoffed . 
 `` if that were true , '' i said , `` you 'd find a way to let me stay here . 
 for good . '' 
 i knew it was impossible ; when you choose to be a forfeit , you belong to the everneath , and the pact is as strong as any other force in the universe . 
 defeating it would be like defying gravity , a power beyond cole . 
 maybe i said it to show how weak he really was . 
 he closed his eyes . 
 `` you know i ca n't challenge the shades . '' 
 he was telling the truth . 
 the shades only cared about the harvesting of energy , and in the everneath , their word was law . 
 `` the vision ... did it work ? '' 
 cole asked hesitantly . 
 he breathed easier now , and sat up next to me , watching me for my answer . 
 `` i saw the fields . '' 
 he waited as if he expected me to go on and on . 
 when i did n't he said , `` and were they as amazing as i told you ? '' 
 `` better , '' i said . 
 i did n't continue , because i was n't sure of my own strength . 
 if i could press a button right now , here in my room , that would take me straight to the fields , would i be able to refuse ? 
 i did n't know . 
 `` so are you coming with me ? '' 
 `` would i have to drain people ? '' 
 i reminded myself it always came back to this . 
 `` why do you get hung up on things that do n't matter ? '' 
 he grunted in frustration . 
 `` nik , if you come with me , together we could make a run for the throne , and that would mean you would n't have to drain people . '' 
 i raised my eyebrows skeptically . 
 `` other people would do it for you if you were the queen . 
 that 's the power of the high court . 
 the queen 's deepest fantasies become reality . 
 she never has to search for her own food . '' 
 `` you 're saying slaves would do it for us . '' 
 he nodded . 
 i thought back to the night at the shop-n-go , how maxwell had talked about making offerings to keep the queen and her court fed . 
 how the old man , who may have disappeared that night , was reluctant to go . 
 `` do you have to do that for your queen ? 
 do you ... bring her sacrifices ? '' 
 he hesitated and then narrowed his eyes , and i worried i 'd said too much , but then he gave me a mischievous grin . 
 `` i 'd tell you if i could , but i ca n't . 
 i mean , i 'm physically bound not to tell you . 
 unless , that is , you say you 'll come with me . 
 then i can tell you everything . '' 
 i let out a small sigh . 
 i did n't want him to know i 'd seen him at the shop-n-go , because i wanted to learn more first . 
 `` look , nik . 
 i ca n't lose you . 
 we can be partners . 
 with you by my side , and with the band backing us , we could take over . 
 i want you by my side in the high court . '' 
 `` what does that even mean ? 
 we 'd be ... together ? 
 like , together , together ? '' 
 cole gave a sly smile . 
 `` we 'd rule hand in hand . 
 and as far as being together , we 'd be as together as you 'd allow . '' 
 annoyingly , my cheeks got all warm , and i turned away , frustrated at my reaction . 
 i stood and went over to my desk chair to sit down . 
 cole chuckled . 
 he pushed himself off the floor and walked closer to me , and the shade at my shoulder pulled toward him . 
 i wanted to hit it . 
 `` stay over there , '' i said . 
 `` why ? '' 
 he held his hands up , all innocent-like . 
 `` does my nearness affect you ? 
 that 's what happens when you spend a century with someone . '' 
 i had to keep him away , so when he 'd gotten close enough , i scraped my fingers down the strings of his guitar , the resulting noise loud and disjointed . 
 anger flashed in his eyes as he jerked it away from me . 
 finally , a true reaction . 
 i smiled as if i had discovered some sort of weakness . 
 `` leave me alone , cole . 
 i may be bound to the tunnels , but i 'm not bound to you anymore . 
 you have no power over me . '' 
 `` you have no idea what i can do , '' he said . 
 i leaned in closer and lowered my voice . 
 `` i 've been with you for a hundred years . 
 i know exactly what you can do . '' 
 `` did you know i could still feed off you ? '' 
 before i could stop him , he grabbed behind my head , pulled me toward him , and kissed me . 
 for a moment , i did n't fight it . 
 for a moment , i let him steal the deepest layers of my pain . 
 desperation replaced reason in my head . 
 he seemed surprised that i had n't pulled back , and he briefly opened his eyes , searching my face . 
 i did n't move , and he kissed me again . 
 the moment became longer . 
 with the touch of his lips , he literally removed my doubt , my guilt , my fears . 
 i felt good for the first time in a long time . 
 cole could shield me from the pain of this world , and for that moment , i wanted to go with him . 
 no good-byes . 
 no second chances . 
 no disappointing the people i loved . 
 or at least i 'd be in a place where i did n't care if i disappointed anyone . 
 but it was n't real . 
 and i 'd been down that road before . 
 i knew where it led . 
 with my lips against his , i reached a conclusion i 'd been trying to avoid : the easy path in this whole mess would be to go with cole , and i could n't let myself make the easy choice . 
 i had to make the right choice . 
 with all the strength i could muster , i pushed him away from me . 
 his face was as shocked as mine felt , and his cocky grin had disappeared completely . 
 `` nik ... i - '' i held my hand up . 
 `` do n't . 
 that had nothing to do with you . '' 
 i forced myself to look him in the eye . 
 i spoke deliberately . 
 `` it will never happen again . '' 
 his face grew hard , and he gave me a smile that made him look sinister . 
 `` we 'll see about that . '' 
 the smile stayed on cole 's face as he climbed out my window . 
 `` one of these days you should sample the emotions floating all around you . 
 if you let me , i can show you how . '' 
 `` i 'd rather produce my own . 
 i 'll never steal from others . '' 
 `` never say never , nik . 
 i wo n't . '' 
 he leaned his head against the window frame . 
 `` i 'm not giving up on you . '' 
 he shoved the window down and disappeared . 
 my fingers clenched the edge of my desk . 
 his words sounded like a threat . 
 ten now mrs. stone 's classroom . 
 four months left . 
 the following day , jack and i were sitting alone in mrs. stone 's classroom , working , when cole made good on his promise . 
 a boy , maybe a year older than me , showed up in the doorway . 
 he was tall enough that with a few more inches , his head could have touched the top of the frame . 
 jack looked up from his desk , his pencil halted midword . 
 `` nik ? 
 is that you ? '' 
 the boy 's voice was n't familiar . 
 his face was n't either . 
 he looked like a typical teenager , with thick black hair that was purposely mussed up . 
 his lanky body leaned against the doorjamb , casually . 
 his ears had several piercings , as did his eyebrows , which framed dark , familiar eyes . 
 eyes that did n't belong here . 
 eyes that i would know anywhere . 
 it was cole . 
 no question . 
 but he had somehow changed his appearance , down to his hair and his skin . 
 whatever he 'd done , though , he could n't change his dark eyes . 
 `` do n't you remember me ? '' 
 his lips curled upward . 
 `` neal ? 
 from the party ? '' 
 i could feel jack 's gaze from beside me . 
 i narrowed my eyes at cole and shook my head . 
 `` i 'm not surprised , really . 
 you probably do n't remember much from that night , '' he said . 
 mrs. stone was out of the classroom . 
 cole probably timed it that way . 
 i said a silent wish that she would return soon . 
 `` you must have me confused with someone else , '' i said in a quiet voice . 
 `` i 'm sure i do n't , '' cole said . 
 `` nikki beckett . 
 seventeen . 
 sweet . 
 great little tattoo on her shoulder that tastes faintly of ... charcoal . '' 
 my face flamed red and i could feel the tears behind my eyes , but they did n't come . 
 what would jack be thinking ? 
 i could hear him tapping his foot beside me . 
 `` go away , '' i whispered . 
 `` that 's not a nice way to treat an old friend . 
 i go to school here now . 
 i 'm going to graduate someday , just like you . '' 
 he took a few steps forward . 
 `` i 'm gon na clean myself up . 
 just like you . '' 
 i could sense jack shifting in his seat next to me . 
 i bit my lower lip , leaned down , and shoved my books into my backpack . 
 `` you 're not giving up , are you , nik ? '' 
 cole sang out , his voice an eerie melody . 
 i hoisted my bag over my shoulder , lowered my head , and scrambled to the door . 
 he blocked the exit . 
 `` sorry , nik , '' he whispered , barely audible . 
 `` you forced my hand . '' 
 `` let me go , neal , '' i said , using his fake name . 
 `` if only it were that easy . '' 
 `` let her by , '' jack called out from his seat at the back . 
 cole set his gaze on jack , a snide lip curl on his face . 
 i knew that look . 
 i put my hand on his arm . 
 `` do n't - '' `` quiet , nik , '' cole cut me off , keeping his piercing gaze on jack . 
 `` listen , friend . 
 little nikki here does n't want me to let her go . 
 trust me . 
 she likes a guy to take charge . '' 
 jack pushed his chair back , and i knew i had to do something . 
 i ducked my head and threw my weight against cole 's arm , barreling my way past . 
 i did n't stop running until i had reached my little red , rusted rabbit . 
 once i was inside , i put my head against the steering wheel and took in some deep breaths as i thought of a harsh fact i did n't want to face-if cole was going to follow me everywhere , there was a good chance someone important to me would get hurt . 
 i shivered at the thought . 
 my bedroom . 
 `` what was that ? '' 
 i said , unable to keep my voice lowered . 
 `` how did you ... change ? '' 
 it was later that night . 
 cole had shifted back to his regular form , blond hair and all . 
 he waved his hand , as if he were swatting a fly . 
 `` it 's not a big deal . 
 sometimes we can use our energy to alter our appearance . 
 it 's a waste , though . 
 i only like to use it on special occasions . '' 
 `` and today was a special occasion ? 
 making jack think ... '' what ? 
 i had no idea what he thought about it , but it could n't be good . 
 i turned away from him and put my face in my hands . 
 i wanted to hurt him . 
 he sat next to me on my bed , and when he spoke again , his voice was gentle . 
 `` i had to see what the big deal was . 
 you returned for this guy , but i have to admit , watching the two of you together ... i 'm just not seeing it . '' 
 my eyes started to sting , even though i was sure i had n't recovered enough emotions to cry . 
 i pulled my knees into my chest and rolled onto my side on the bed . 
 `` we 're not together . 
 i only wanted to see him again . 
 before i go . '' 
 `` in that case , i did it for your own good , nik , '' he said . 
 i could n't believe anything less right now . 
 `` now that he knows what you 're really like , it 'll be easier to stay away from you . 
 besides , why would you want to live through pain like that ? 
 you 'll lose everything again . '' 
 `` what do you care ? '' 
 `` i ca n't explain the need to understand your heart . 
 but i 've been feeding off it for so long , it 's almost my own . 
 i have to know , because it does n't make sense why you would choose to return . '' 
 `` it would n't to you . '' 
 i sighed . 
 `` tell me , nik . 
 please . '' 
 i pushed myself into a sitting position , feeling defiant . 
 `` you want to know how i could pull off lying to you for one hundred years about forgetting everything ? 
 because i had his face behind my eyelids . 
 and i thought if i could see him , even just for a day , it would be worth the hundred years . 
 one day is all i deserved , and i 've had so many already . 
 i 've won . 
 i 've won ! '' 
 he shook his head and looked at me as if i were delusional . 
 as if i did n't know what winning was all about . 
 then he put an arm around me and it was almost like he was mourning my life with me . 
 `` i do n't understand the things you would give up for mortal relationships . '' 
 `` you better hope you never do , cole . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` all you know about is the search for the next energy source . 
 your only relationship is with something you can feed off . 
 if you ever understood what you were missing ... '' i shook my head and realized how much i wanted him to understand . 
 maybe then he would feel , for the first time , real pain . 
 `` why do n't you help me understand , nik ? '' 
 he raised the corner of his mouth in a devilish smirk and tightened his grip around me . 
 i shook his arm away from my shoulders . 
 i remembered the first time i 'd met cole . 
 on the other side of the hundred years . 
 did he know then that i 'd end up following him ? 
 that i 'd allow him to drag me to the everneath ? 
 last year february . 
 one month before the feed . 
 the line to get into harry o 's extended all the way to the sidewalk on main street , and up around the park city t-shirt company building . 
 but jules walked past everyone like she had a vip badge or something . 
 more than a few freezing people gave nasty looks as we went by . 
 `` are you sure we can do this ? '' 
 i asked jules . 
 she grabbed my hand and pulled me along . 
 `` yes . 
 i told you . 
 sean said we just give our names to the guy at the door . '' 
 harry o 's was hard enough to get into on a regular night , but during the sundance film festival , it would 've been easier to break out of jail than to break into harry o 's . 
 but sean o'neill was the great-grandson of the original harry o. and he was in jules 's pottery class . 
 and he had a thing for blondes . 
 he told jules she could bring a friend . 
 jack was more than happy to stay home and watch the jazz play the nuggets . 
 this was n't his scene . 
 it was n't mine , either , but jules begged . 
 jules hesitated only slightly when she saw the large bouncer at the door , a big , thick man dressed in a tight black t-shirt and black pants , with a clipboard in his hands . 
 `` um , hi . 
 we 're supposed to give our names ? 
 or something ? 
 um ... julianna taylor ? '' 
 he gave us a look that made me wonder if we were doing something totally illegal , and all i could think about was the fact that if we were arrested , my dad would never bail me out . 
 but then he scanned his list , stopping his pen midway down . 
 `` julianna taylor and guest . '' 
 i smiled when he said `` guest , '' as if that were my name or something , but he did n't notice . 
 he unhooked the velvet rope . 
 we were in . 
 the place was packed with the most decked-out people i 'd ever seen . 
 the music blared , and i could feel the thrum of the base all the way to my heart . 
 a few private booths with curtains lined the sides of the room , to accommodate the ultra-famous people . 
 now that i was here , i realized i probably would n't see one other person i knew . 
 there was nowhere to sit . 
 fewer places to stand . 
 and even though i 'd worn my best club outfit-okay , my only club outfit-i felt like an orphan out of oliver twist compared to everyone else . 
 jules scanned the crowd , probably thinking the same thing . 
 maybe i should 've stayed home . 
 watched the game with jack . 
 `` look ! 
 there 's meredith jenkins . '' 
 jules was pointing across the room to a large table of people . 
 `` how did she get in ? '' 
 jules caught meredith 's eye and waved to her . 
 meredith nodded and then turned to the girl next to her , a girl i did n't know . 
 `` let 's go over , '' jules said . 
 `` um , she was n't exactly inviting us . '' 
 jules shrugged . 
 `` where else are we going to go ? '' 
 we could just go home , i thought , but i followed jules over . 
 meredith smiled as we approached , but she definitely was n't making room for us or anything . 
 `` hi , julianna , nikki . 
 how did you get in ? '' 
 she did n't sound rude . 
 just curious . 
 `` sean put us on the list , '' jules answered . 
 a few awkward moments passed , and i considered pulling jules away and making a break for the exit , when a guy on the other side of the table stood up . 
 and then i knew why meredith was acting weird . 
 the guy was tall , dressed in a black t-shirt and jeans that looked distressed , but the kind of distressed that cost a lot of money . 
 and i knew him . 
 not personally , but i knew who he was . 
 i had both of his cds at home , and his blond hair left no doubt in my mind . 
 he was the guitarist for the dead elvises . 
 cole . 
 i glanced down the table . 
 the entire band was there : second guitarist maxwell ; the bass player , oliver ; and the drummer , whose name i could n't remember . 
 gavin , maybe ? 
 how was meredith with these guys ? 
 then i remembered hearing something at school about how meredith was friends with some musician . 
 i guess it was true . 
 cole looked right at me . 
 `` here . 
 we can make room . '' 
 he stepped away from the end of his bench and motioned me over . 
 me . 
 not jules . 
 `` we can fit you here . 
 mer , make some room for her friend , will you ? '' 
 meredith gave cole a confused look , then scooted over so jules could fit one butt cheek on the bench . 
 i slid onto the end of the other bench , where cole had been , and then he sat next to me so i was sandwiched between cole and maxwell . 
 my heart was pounding . 
 i was n't a crazed fan of theirs-i did n't have any tattoos of a skeletal elvis anywhere on my body-but this was my first run-in with a celebrity . 
 even my fingertips were sweating a little . 
 cole held his hand out to me . 
 it was difficult to shake because we were sitting so close , and i made it fast because i did n't want him to remember me as the girl with the clammy hands . 
 `` cole stockton . '' 
 `` yeah , i know . 
 i 'm nikki beckett . '' 
 he stared at me in silence for a few moments . 
 i could feel my cheeks turning pink . 
 `` um , should n't you guys be in one of those ? '' 
 i pointed to the booths that were curtained off . 
 `` oh no . 
 those are for famous people . '' 
 he gave me a smile that i could 've sold on the internet for money . 
 he wore a few silver bracelets and a necklace with a silver cross hanging on it . 
 each of his fingers had a tattooed design , like a ring , and in his hand was a plastic triangular object that he absentmindedly rolled over the tops of his knuckles . 
 a guitar pick , it looked like . 
 i 'd only ever seen someone do that with a coin . 
 `` beckett , '' he said . 
 `` any relation to mayor beckett ? '' 
 `` my dad . 
 you know his name ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` saw him in the paper . '' 
 he lowered his voice like a newscaster . 
 `` mayor beckett reads fluffle bunny to kindergarten class . '' 
 i smiled . 
 `` slow news day , i guess . '' 
 `` is there any other kind here ? '' 
 he winked . 
 no one else was really talking . 
 our end of the table just watched cole and maxwell , as if they were waiting on them . 
 i wondered if that was how famous people felt all the time - like everyone around them was waiting for them to perform . 
 but maxwell was n't doing anything , and cole was only talking to me , and i was sure the music was too loud for anyone to really hear us . 
 meredith 's gaze kept darting to me . 
 she looked annoyed . 
 i leaned in to cole and lowered my voice . 
 `` so , are you and meredith ... ? '' 
 what would be a term a rock star would use ? 
 dating ? 
 together ? 
 going out ? 
 as i grappled with the words in my head , cole just watched me with a smirk . 
 he was n't about to help , which flustered me even more . '' 
 ... are you ... you know ? '' 
 i waved my hands in a circle , in what i thought was a fill-in-the-blank kind of way . 
 cole crinkled his brow . 
 seriously ? 
 how could i be more obvious ? 
 i sighed . 
 `` never mind . '' 
 `` no , do n't give up . '' 
 cole was definitely smiling now . 
 `` do you mean , are we ... '' he held up the index fingers of both his hands , and then put the tips together and made a loud smoochy noise . 
 i could n't help laughing . 
 `` you 're making fun of me . '' 
 he wiped the smile off his face with his hand . 
 `` sorry . 
 no , i 'm not with her . 
 but meredith and max are ... '' he started tangling his fingers together , twisting them around each other . 
 my face went red , and i covered his hands with mine to make him stop , and then my face got even hotter because i was clasping his hands . 
 thankfully a waiter appeared right then with new drinks . 
 he must 've known the tip would be good because he kept the drinks coming-some local draft for the band and sodas for the rest of us . 
 over the next hour , the bouncer let more people in , but it seemed like no one was leaving . 
 i lost count of the number of people who 'd come up to our table and asked cole or maxwell for their autographs . 
 these fans had more guts than i would have had . 
 cole signed napkins , scraps of paper , even one girl 's arm , all the while keeping up a conversation with me . 
 like it was totally normal that he was asking about where i was going to college while he held another girl 's arm flat on the table in front of him , poised over it with a sharpie . 
 it was all very surreal . 
 the music and the drinks and cole 's voice blended together , and i soon forgot i did n't really belong here . 
 but then a familiar man at the bar caught my eye . 
 it was carl volker , the prosecuting attorney for the case against the drunk driver who killed my mom . 
 the trial was set to start in a few weeks , and i 'd been avoiding any news about it . 
 a fresh wave of grief washed over me , and i stared hard at the shiny metal surface of the table , trying not to cry . 
 it still surprised me how close to the surface the tears were . 
 whenever i was overcome with sadness-and it happened a lot since my mom died-i always tried to think of jack and the fact that we were together now . 
 it was my version of finding a happy place . 
 i pictured jack at home , watching the game , his arm wrapped around me . 
 i closed my eyes and smiled , and it was a few moments before i remembered i was n't alone . 
 when i did , i raised my head . 
 cole was looking at me with a strange expression on his face . 
 `` whoa . 
 you are the happiest sad person i 've ever met . '' 
 `` huh ? '' 
 `` or the saddest happy person . '' 
 the corner of his mouth quirked up . 
 `` i 'm not sure which . '' 
 he leaned a little closer , to the point where i could smell his breath on my face . 
 beer and smoke . 
 `` nope . 
 happiest sad person . '' 
 i tried a smile , so he could n't see how close he really was to the truth . 
 `` i 'm not sad . '' 
 `` and she 's not afraid to lie . '' 
 i felt my smile drop and i turned away . 
 the second guitarist , maxwell bones , was on the other side of me . 
 i 'd read somewhere that bones was n't his real name , but he changed it before he joined the band . 
 maxwell had an iphone that he 'd been fiddling with all night , and he was reading a message . 
 `` what 's the news , max ? '' 
 cole asked . 
 `` the queen , '' max said . 
 i could 've sworn i felt cole tense at this . 
 i tried to lean a little closer to read the message , but max clicked the screen blank . 
 `` says we owe her . '' 
 i felt like i was intruding on a business conversation , but there was nowhere i could go . 
 i looked at cole . 
 his lips were pressed together . 
 he saw the look on my face . 
 `` our ... manager . '' 
 `` you call your manager the queen ? '' 
 he gave a short chuckle . 
 `` it 's more of a ... term of endearment . '' 
 he and max were quiet for a moment , making the music in the place seem even louder . 
 whatever the message was , whoever this `` queen '' was , it seemed to bother them . 
 `` mer ! '' 
 max called out suddenly . 
 `` to the dance floor ! '' 
 meredith flashed a wide grin in response . 
 i was about to scoot out so max could pass by , but he just climbed on top of the table and held his hand out to meredith . 
 i guessed famous people could walk on tables whenever they wanted . 
 cole nudged me with his elbow . 
 `` c'mon , sad girl . 
 let 's turn that frown on its ass . 
 dancing makes everything better . '' 
 the entire table got up , and we made our way to the middle of the floor . 
 i noticed a bouncer place a reserved sign on the table after we were gone . 
 jules and i stuck together , but after a few minutes i got carried away in the music , and the fact that i was dancing with the dead elvises , and it was a long time before i remembered my mom was gone and her murderer 's trial would start soon . 
 eleven now school . 
 less than four months left . 
 i was n't sure how jack would react after cole had showed up at school as `` neal . '' 
 i would 've understood if he decided to completely ignore me , and maybe even ditched out on mrs. stone 's classroom after school . 
 but i was not expecting him to seek me out at lunch . 
 i was sitting in my usual nook next to the drinking fountain when he turned the corner . 
 he sat down on the floor against the opposite wall , facing me . 
 i stared hard at my knitting needles , their frantic pace nearly making them blur . 
 what was he doing ? 
 `` jules told me where you 've been eating lunch , '' he said . 
 i nodded , but i did n't look up . 
 `` is this okay ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i wanted to say no , but that answer would have required further explanation , and i did n't want that . 
 so i nodded once . 
 we ate in silence . 
 i worried about what we would say to each other , but it never came up . 
 he did n't say another word . 
 when i got to mrs. stone 's classroom after school , jack was already there . 
 as i sat down , he stood . 
 `` mrs. stone ? '' 
 `` yes , mr. caputo ? '' 
 `` do you mind if i close the door ? 
 sometimes the commotion in the hallway is a bit distracting , for me at least , and i do n't want my friends thinking they can come in here and bug me . '' 
 i looked up at jack 's face , and then at mrs. stone 's . 
 jack always had a way of sounding like he was in charge of any situation . 
 `` that 's fine , jack . 
 i 'm happy to see you so dedicated . '' 
 her eyes shifted to me as she said the word dedicated . 
 `` i hope you wo n't mind if i go in and out ? 
 in the course of my teacher duties ? '' 
 she said with half a smile . 
 jack shook his head . 
 `` no . 
 that 's fine . '' 
 `` thank you , mr. caputo . '' 
 jack went to shut the door , then sat back down , and it hit me that maybe he was acting this way because of the encounter with cole . 
 was i reading it right ? 
 he was protecting me . 
 if cole showed up again today , he 'd have to go through jack . 
 it made my heart race . 
 we worked in silence for the first half hour , but i could n't concentrate . 
 did i really think i could choose to return and then just watch jack from a distance ? 
 he was n't going to allow it . 
 this was n't fair to him . 
 i turned toward him . 
 `` jack , you really should n't be - '' `` shush . 
 i 'm trying to work , '' he growled . 
 he kept his head down , but his lips turned up slightly . 
 a soft chuckle escaped me . 
 the first in a hundred years . 
 jack stared at me , and i gasped . 
 `` what 'd you say ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i shook my head , my mouth slightly open . 
 i could n't have just laughed . 
 i did n't even have the ability anymore , did i ? 
 `` it sounded like a laugh . '' 
 `` no , '' i said abruptly . 
 `` no . 
 it 's not funny . '' 
 he raised an eyebrow at me . 
 `` are you sure ? 
 because it sounded almost as if you said something to me , and then i said something back that you found funny . 
 and you giggled . 
 i 'm pretty sure that 's what happened . '' 
 i took a few calming breaths . 
 `` no . 
 that 's impossible . '' 
 `` impossible that i said something funny ? '' 
 and there it was . 
 i laughed again . 
 `` no . 
 impossible that i laughed . '' 
 his smile widened , and i laughed some more , at first because it was obviously not impossible , and then because i knew what it meant . 
 i 'd recovered enough to laugh . 
 jack seemed amazed . 
 `` i think anything 's possible , becks . '' 
 and then the fleeting levity disappeared . 
 he called me becks . 
 he believed anything was possible . 
 i could n't let him believe that . 
 i was being selfish . 
 i did n't bother putting my books in my bag . 
 i just grabbed them and took off . 
 i could hear his footsteps behind me as i yanked the door open . 
 `` i 'll just follow you . '' 
 this made me freeze . 
 `` you do n't know what you 're saying . '' 
 he grabbed my wrist and pulled me around . 
 `` i let you go once , and you disappeared on me . 
 without a word . 
 i 'm not asking for it to be the same as it was , but i just want to know you again . 
 please . 
 can i know you again ? '' 
 i tried to wrench my hand free , and he let go of my wrist . 
 `` becks , what happened to you ? 
 do you even remember me ? '' 
 at that moment , i made a decision . 
 jack was grasping at the faint shadow of the life we 'd had before , searching for a stronghold . 
 i could see him doing it and i could n't let him . 
 i 'd already hurt him enough . 
 he said he 'd moved on . 
 so i lied . 
 the biggest lie ever . 
 `` no . '' 
 i looked at his eyes . 
 `` i do n't remember anything . '' 
 he glanced away and nodded . 
 `` okay . 
 i get it . '' 
 a ghost of a sad smile appeared on his lips , and my heart felt as if it were being choked . 
 i fought to keep my hands at my sides . 
 to keep them from pulling jack to me . 
 placing them on either side of his face and forcing him to look at me again . 
 i should n't have come back , but looking at his face , i knew . 
 nothing could 've kept me away . 
 i was that selfish . 
 last spring , he 'd already left me before i left him . 
 but all that mattered now was that neither of us deserved to go through it again . 
 i had to keep him from getting close again . 
 without glancing up , jack turned and walked away . 
 i let him go . 
 then i remembered the last time i 'd let that happen . 
 and how it turned out . 
 last year april . 
 two weeks before the feed . 
 jack and i stood in the parking lot of the school , oblivious to the people around us hoisting their bags onto the waiting buses . 
 it was spring break , and the only people at the school were the ones leaving for football and cheerleading camps , and the ones saying good-bye to them . 
 `` it 's two weeks , jack . 
 i think we 'll survive , '' i said . 
 jack clenched both of my arms , his fingers digging in almost to the bone . 
 his brother , will , had shipped off for basic training right after christmas , and jack was having separation issues . 
 `` i 'm going to need those . '' 
 i glanced at my arms . 
 `` i do n't think i should leave you . '' 
 he paused . 
 `` especially this week , of all weeks . '' 
 jack was referring to the ongoing trial of kevin reid , the man accused of hitting my mother with his car . 
 the defense was wrapping up , and a verdict would be coming in . 
 `` it 's okay , jack . 
 i 'm not even paying attention to it . '' 
 `` i know you are . '' 
 i extracted one of his hands and placed it on my cheek , leaning into it . 
 `` two weeks . '' 
 neither of us noticed somebody approaching . 
 `` okay , lovebirds . 
 the buses are waiting . '' 
 cole appeared beside us . 
 his band had stayed on after sundance . 
 apparently they were using a condo near the ski resort for songwriting . 
 i 'd run into him a few times since the night at harry o 's . 
 `` hey , cole , '' i said . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 `` max asked me to drop meredith off . '' 
 he tilted his head toward the bus carrying the cheerleading and pep squads . 
 i did n't see meredith , but i saw lacey greene watching us from one of the windows . 
 lacey had spent the week leading up to football camp telling everyone who would listen `` what happens at camp stays at camp , '' which made it sound like camp consisted of a craps table , tequila-lime shots , and tangled sheets . 
 i tried not to let it bother me that she would be staying on the same campus as jack . 
 `` that 's nice of you , '' i said . 
 `` it was on the way . 
 i 'm making some silk screens for t-shirts at the shop , '' cole said , gesturing across the parking lot toward the graphx shop down the street . 
 `` making your own t-shirts ? 
 do n't you have people for that ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` like professionals ? '' 
 `` well , i usually travel with an army of professional t-shirt makers , but today i thought i 'd go it alone . '' 
 jack did n't take his eyes off me as cole spoke . 
 i was n't sure he was even listening , or aware cole was there . 
 `` what are the screens of ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` elvis presley as a corpse . 
 you wan na come look ? '' 
 cole gave me a grin as if he 'd just asked if i wanted to see rainbows being made . 
 `` you had me at ` corpse . ' '' 
 jack chuckled . 
 `` saying good-bye here . 
 remember ? '' 
 i turned to jack , rose up on my tiptoes , and kissed his lips lightly . 
 `` two weeks , jack . 
 it 'll fly by . '' 
 i started to back up , but jack grabbed my hand and pulled me close . 
 `` no you do n't , '' he said . 
 `` the corpse can wait . '' 
 he gave me a kiss that was not quite appropriate for public view , and i would 've been embarrassed if i had n't lost the ability to think straight . 
 his arms reached around my back , and he pulled me in tight against him so that my feet were barely touching the ground . 
 and things started disappearing around us , just like they did every time jack kissed me . 
 he pulled back . 
 `` what were you saying about two weeks ? '' 
 `` that it will feel like forever , '' i said , breathless . 
 `` that 's better . '' 
 jack lowered his head so his forehead was touching mine . 
 `` miss you . '' 
 `` miss you too , '' i whispered . 
 somehow , he finally let me go , and cole-who had stepped away during our kiss-stood next to me as i watched the bus cough and choke its way up the hill and out of the parking lot . 
 before it disappeared completely , cole tugged on my arm . 
 `` cheer up , nik . 
 you can help me splash some shirts . '' 
 he released a breath of air on my face , and suddenly i was overwhelmed with a strange feeling of loss . 
 i could n't explain where it came from . 
 it was as if an electrical pulse had charged the air and penetrated my skin , and i was left with the sense that something was slipping from my fingers , and i could n't hold on to it . 
 i clenched my car keys in my pocket , but that was n't it . 
 then i jerked my head back toward the buses , and all i could think about was the way lacey greene had been staring at me , and how jack was on a bus with her . 
 and how she was equating camp to a weekend in vegas . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 cole asked . 
 i tried to shake the feeling away . 
 jack was mine . 
 there was nothing to worry about . 
 `` yeah , i 'm fine . '' 
 i turned to follow him toward graphx . 
 `` you do n't have to feel bad for me . 
 i 'm not lonely . '' 
 `` do n't be silly . 
 i do n't feel bad for you . 
 you 'd be doing me a favor . '' 
 as he spoke , he winked at me , and i could n't help feeling a tingle . 
 `` where are your groupies ? '' 
 i asked , referring to the constant entourage that usually surrounded him . 
 `` they get in the way . 
 especially when i 'm working with paint . 
 too many cooks , you know . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 i slowed down . 
 `` maybe you 'd rather - '' `` you 're not a groupie , '' he interrupted . 
 he put his hand on my back and urged me forward . 
 that strange feeling of loss was n't as bad now . 
 the inside of the workshop smelled like fresh paint and developing chemicals . 
 paint spots dotted the floor and most of the walls . 
 two silk screens were drying on one of the industrial counters . 
 the image on the screen was a haunting portrait of elvis presley , not necessarily dead , but not alive , either . 
 the eye sockets were sunken and the cheeks hollow and ashen , the lips drawn back , exposing long teeth . 
 yet he cradled the microphone like a baby with one hand , and had just finished a strum on his guitar with the other . 
 it was a beautiful rendition caught between life and death , trapped between this world and the next . 
 i fingered the silk screen carefully . 
 `` wow , '' i whispered . 
 `` this is amazing . 
 where did you find the original ? '' 
 `` i drew it , '' he said offhandedly . 
 he focused on the stack of t-shirts on the other counter , laying them out . 
 `` cole , you 're messing with me ! 
 it 's too ... '' i just shook my head as he turned to look at me . 
 `` no words . '' 
 he took a couple of steps closer to me . 
 `` i think that 's the nicest review i 've ever received . '' 
 and just like that , he was standing too close . 
 i could see the glint of the iron ball on his tongue post , and before i knew it , i was staring at it . 
 he smiled and i quickly looked away . 
 `` okay , so , let 's get started , '' i said , turning toward the t-shirts on the counter before cole could see the pink on my cheeks . 
 we worked together in companionable silence for a while . 
 i appreciated the delicate technique ; the routine of the silk-screening process almost resembled an elegant dance . 
 `` what are you going to do with the shirts ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` we 're selling them at the concert tonight . '' 
 `` the dead elvises are playing tonight ? 
 where ? '' 
 i had only ever heard the band 's cds , since i never could afford a ticket during the festival . 
 `` the dead goat saloon , appropriately enough . 
 we 're trying out some new material . '' 
 he paused as if a thought had just occurred to him . 
 `` you should come , nik . '' 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 i was pretty sure my father would not approve . 
 `` you do n't have to be twenty-one . '' 
 he must have noticed my skeptical look because he quickly added , `` only for tonight , though , since the band is mostly underage . 
 we have special passes . '' 
 his voice had turned persuasive . 
 i fidgeted for a moment , trying to figure out why i was hesitating . 
 it was spring break , so it 's not like it was a school night or anything . 
 `` besides , we need help selling our t-shirts . '' 
 he picked out one of the smallest ones that had been drying on the counter and held it up to me , playfully assessing the look . 
 `` nik . 
 all you need to do is wear this tonight , and we 'll sell out . '' 
 i glanced down at the shirt and then back up at cole . 
 `` yeah , i 'm sure this is the look you were going for . '' 
 `` you can make anything look good , '' he said softly . 
 when i got home , i called jules and convinced her to go to the concert with me . 
 i still was n't sure they 'd let us in , until our bus pulled up to the dead goat saloon and we saw a bunch of students from park city high . 
 anyone sixteen and older could enter with a special pass . 
 the dead elvises packed the house , and the air was heavy with the smell of alcohol and sweat . 
 jules and i stayed as close to the stage as possible , and as the concert wore on , i wondered if my hearing would be permanently damaged . 
 but the music soon made me forget any pain . 
 as i danced , i closed my eyes and tried to remember why i had been so sad that morning . 
 jules tapped me on my shoulder and leaned in to yell something , but i could n't hear her above the throbbing bass . 
 finally she gave up and pointed toward the back of the place and mouthed the word bathroom . 
 i nodded and turned my attention back to the stage . 
 i never understood how guitar players could jump up and down while making sure their fingers struck the right frets and picked at the right strings . 
 cole made it look easy and natural , as if he were surrounded by a cushion of the music he was making ; his movements were so graceful . 
 he was at once severe and beautiful , and the more he played , the more i felt surrounded by that cushion as well , as if i could fall and never hit the ground , as long as he was playing . 
 i closed my eyes and let the music take over , and when i opened them , cole was watching me . 
 as our eyes met , he did n't look away , and he did n't try to hide where his attention was . 
 for some reason i was determined not to look away first , and before i knew it i 'd gravitated to the stage . 
 people turned to look at me , as if the momentary bond between us was visible , and i could n't take the attention . 
 i finally turned away . 
 by midnight , i could barely stand upright . 
 i had n't had anything to drink , but everything around me still seemed to sway . 
 the band played two encores , and then the music switched over to mp3s . 
 jules had n't made her way back to me , and i was about to search out the ladies ' room when i felt a hand on my shoulder . 
 i turned around . 
 cole 's face was pure energy , and he threw his arms around me and lifted me off the ground . 
 `` whoa , okay , you can put me down now , '' i said in between gasps for air . 
 `` my head was already spinning . '' 
 he smiled widely . 
 `` sorry . 
 i always feel like this after a set . '' 
 `` like what ? 
 like you have the sudden urge to pick up teenage girls and throw them around ? '' 
 he laughed and put me on the ground again . 
 it was obvious cole was passionate about music , because he could n't contain his euphoria . 
 it was contagious . 
 behind cole , the rest of the band was packing their gear . 
 maxwell fastened the clasps of his guitar case , then jumped off the stage and landed right next to where cole and i stood . 
 `` cole , we heading out ? '' 
 maxwell said . 
 `` in a minute , '' cole said , and he waved his hand dismissively . 
 maxwell looked from cole 's face to mine , and walked away with a strange smile on his lips . 
 cole did n't seem to notice . 
 he looked past me . 
 `` where 's jules ? 
 was n't she with you ? '' 
 oh yeah . 
 jules . 
 i was so caught up with cole , i 'd almost forgotten about her . 
 `` i thought she went to the restroom , but she has n't come back . 
 i should probably go look for her . '' 
 i started to walk away , but he grabbed my wrist . 
 `` did you check your phone ? 
 maybe she texted you . '' 
 `` oh , right . '' 
 i pulled my phone out of my pocket , and sure enough , it showed a new text . 
 `` i did n't even feel it . '' 
 `` what does it say ? '' 
 cole asked . 
 i squinted as i read the screen again . 
 `` she said she was n't feeling well , so she got a ride home with spence eckhart . '' 
 cole smiled at me . 
 `` does that mean you 're stranded ? '' 
 `` no more so than before . 
 we took the bus here . '' 
 `` well , i have a car . 
 let me drive you home . '' 
 he threw one arm around my shoulders and leaned in to whisper in my ear . 
 `` i 'm glad you came . '' 
 his breath washed over my neck and my face , and i only had a moment to register the smell of cigarette smoke before my mind inexplicably flashed to jack . 
 how would i feel if he had his arm around lacey like cole had his arm around me ? 
 i wondered what he was doing right at this moment , if he was asleep , or if they were out partying somewhere . 
 cole put his hand on my back , leading me toward the exit and the parking lot . 
 i ran a few fingers through my frizzy hair , damp with sweat . 
 lacey 's hair was always perfect . 
 why was i thinking about lacey ? 
 i trusted jack . 
 twelve now lunch . 
 three and a half months left . 
 jack did n't come to mrs. stone 's room for an entire week . 
 he did n't try to speak to me during class . 
 by lunchtime on the fourth day , i found myself going a little crazy . 
 i knew it was better for him this way , but i longed to hear his gruff voice and see his brown eyes dart toward mine . 
 with my lunch sack in hand , i made my way to the school library . 
 the windows on the north side overlooked the courtyard , where most of the students ate their lunches on sunny days . 
 if jack was there , i would see him . 
 i found a seat near the windows and scanned the courtyard . 
 the large table at one end , near the doors , still held all the big names in the school . 
 the hierarchical seating chart , based on social standing , had n't changed . 
 but jack was n't with them . 
 i kept looking , and finally found him sitting at a small table on the other end of the yard , across from a girl with long blond hair . 
 she turned briefly and i could see her face , confirming what i already knew . 
 jules . 
 jack and jules had been friends before i left , but it was mostly through me . 
 i wondered if they ate together every day now . 
 nobody seemed to notice them . 
 they inclined their heads toward each other , both of them pushing the contents of their lunches around on their trays , but neither of them eating . 
 jack 's lips were moving , and jules mostly just nodded . 
 at one point , she reached out and put her hand on jack 's forearm . 
 she was so tender with him . 
 i realized my hand was covering my mouth as i watched them . 
 i had no right to be jealous , but i found myself squeezing my apple . 
 i stared hard at the stem , and twisted it off before i dared to look up again . 
 jack smiled and leaned back in his chair . 
 at this movement , jules pushed his sandwich toward him . 
 jack rolled his eyes and picked up the sandwich , took a purposeful bite , then set it down . 
 they both laughed . 
 i left the library and almost sprinted back to my nook . 
 were they together now ? 
 they spent a lot of time with each other , but they 'd done that before i left too . 
 i did n't want to think it was possible , but then again , why should n't they be happy ? 
 i had to get my mind off jack . 
 it was n't doing anything to make my return easier . 
 in fact , it had distracted me from figuring out what cole was hiding . 
 i needed to go back to the shop-n-go . 
 continue my search for clues that probably were n't there . 
 at least it would get me away from here and give me something else to think about . 
 outside the shop-n-go . 
 i looked up and down the street to make sure no one saw me . 
 in the daylight , the place looked so ordinary it was even harder to believe it had anything to do with the everneath . 
 through the window i could see the same bored guy - ezra-at the counter . 
 i felt in my pocket for change , so i could buy something and not look so crazy . 
 he probably would n't even remember me . 
 i pushed the door open , making the bell chime , and walked past him . 
 this time i could n't smell any alcohol . 
 `` did n't expect to see you here again , detective , '' ezra said loudly . 
 i looked around . 
 there were n't any other customers - he had to be talking to me . 
 as if to prove it , he said , `` still looking for the man with the bottle ? '' 
 i walked toward the counter . 
 `` nope . 
 just shopping . '' 
 he gave me a skeptical look and went back to working on what looked like a crossword puzzle , as if he were too bored to argue . 
 i ignored him and wandered slowly down the aisle toward the back of the store to look at the tile again . 
 my cheek had smacked against that floor the day the everneath released me . 
 ezra was busy with his paper , and i made sure he was n't looking before i stomped a few times on the floor . 
 as solid as ever . 
 i rubbed my forehead with the palm of my hand . 
 what was n't i seeing ? 
 i turned away and kicked my shadow on the floor . 
 how could something so ordinary hold the answers to anything at all , let alone anything that would help me ? 
 i crouched down and put my hand to the tile . 
 cold . 
 i looked at my hand . 
 the only thing it proved was that the floor needed a good cleaning . 
 i was missing something . 
 or maybe i was trying to find clues where there were none to be found . 
 my investigation of the floor was so intense that i did n't hear the store door open , and i did n't notice that someone was standing behind me . 
 `` what did you lose ? '' 
 a familiar voice said . 
 i shot up so fast that i whacked the back of my head on jack 's chin . 
 `` ow . '' 
 i rubbed my head as i turned around . 
 jack had a hand up to his chin . 
 i 'd hit him just right . 
 his lower lip was starting to bleed a little . 
 `` you 're telling me . 
 sorry , becks . 
 did n't mean to scare you . '' 
 `` it 's okay . 
 sorry about your ... '' i motioned to his face . 
 a drop of blood trickled down his lip , and i reached into my bag and pulled out the closest thing i had to a tissue-a knit tea cozy i 'd been working on . 
 `` here , '' i said . 
 i brought the tea cozy to his lip and put his hand there to hold it in place . 
 he held it there for a second and then pulled it away to look at it . 
 without a teapot under it , the cozy looked a little misshapen . 
 `` what is this ? '' 
 he asked , his lip twitching . 
 `` a tea cozy . '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 we stood there in an awkward silence for a moment . 
 i wondered if he was still mad at me . 
 i could n't tell from his expression , and i could n't discern the taste of the energy in the air . 
 i only knew there was a lot of it . 
 i did n't know if i 'd ever get better at it . 
 jack gripped the tea cozy so tight , his knuckles turned white . 
 when i could n't take the silence anymore , i said , `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 it sounded like an accusation . 
 jack raised an eyebrow and let up on his death grip of the tea cozy . 
 `` i heard this place has great tile . '' 
 he jerked his head toward the floor . 
 i gave a nervous laugh . 
 `` truth is , i saw your car out front , '' he said . 
 my heart did a little happy dance . 
 maybe he was n't so mad anymore . 
 `` so , what 's so special about the floor ? '' 
 `` it 's not the floor . 
 i was just ... reaching for ... '' i crouched down again and grabbed the nearest thing off the bottom shelf . 
 `` these . '' 
 he looked at the package in my hand and raised his eyebrows . 
 `` chocolate-covered raisins ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` you do n't like raisins . '' 
 he remembered . 
 `` they 're , um , not so bad now . '' 
 he gave a little nod and shifted his weight from one foot to the other . 
 `` i guess everything changes . '' 
 i wanted to yell out , nothing changes ! 
 i still hate raisins ! 
 but then i heard a loud motorcycle pull into the parking lot . 
 i glanced out the window . 
 it was gavin , the dead elvises ' drummer . 
 what if he saw me here ? 
 i had to assume if maxwell knew about me , then gavin would too , and i did n't want him to report back to cole that i was snooping around . 
 and i doubly did n't want to involve jack . 
 `` i have to go , '' i said . 
 i had to get out of there before gavin came in . 
 `` wait , becks , '' jack said . 
 he tried to grab my hand , but i yanked it away and pulled my hoodie over my head , all unabomber , and started toward the door . 
 jack stood there watching me with a confused look on his face . 
 `` do n't leave . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i said , backing toward the door . 
 `` i am . '' 
 `` what about your raisins ? '' 
 jack said . 
 i could see gavin flip the bike 's kickstand with his foot . 
 `` i do n't want them anymore , '' i said . 
 `` you 're right . 
 they 're gross . '' 
 i was almost to the door now . 
 `` do n't you want this ? '' 
 jack held up the tea cozy . 
 it was as if he were trying to make my escape even more difficult . 
 gavin was crossing the parking lot . 
 `` no . 
 keep it . '' 
 right as i shoved the door open , i heard jack mumble , `` i guess nothing says ` i 'm sorry ' like a tea cozy . '' 
 frustrated , he kicked the counter that held the rotating hot dog machine . 
 then i made it out , and the door slammed shut behind me . 
 i ducked my head and passed gavin just as he reached the door . 
 he did n't seem to notice me , and i was pretty sure he had n't heard jack . 
 i avoided my car and walked up the street a little ways , sat down on the curb , and let out a breath of relief . 
 i had n't learned anything new , except that another one of the dead elvises had an affinity for the shop-n-go . 
 and jack officially thought i 'd lost my last marble . 
 i put my head in my hands . 
 after several long minutes , i felt someone sit down next to me . 
 i half expected it to be jack , but when i looked up , i saw mary . 
 i 'd never seen her outside the soup kitchen before . 
 `` mary , '' i said . 
 `` hi . '' 
 mary was looking straight ahead . 
 she scratched her arm a few times , as if something there were bothering her . 
 `` i come here a lot too . '' 
 i grimaced . 
 `` where ? 
 the shop-n-go ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 i come here for supplies . 
 the cashier does n't notice things . '' 
 great . 
 she just admitted she 's a shoplifter . 
 she patted my knee . 
 `` okay . 
 i have to go . 
 i 'm late . '' 
 `` for what ? '' 
 i asked . 
 her face went blank , as if my question made no sense , and she scratched her arm again . 
 `` i hope you find it . '' 
 `` find what ? '' 
 `` what you were looking for . '' 
 she looked at me like i was the one suffering from dementia . 
 she stood up and wandered down the street , pausing only to ask a couple of tourists for some spare change . 
 i hoped they gave her plenty . 
 thirteen now school . 
 less than three months left . 
 mrs. stone read through a rough draft of my paper , and one day after school she sat in the desk in front of me . 
 `` nikki , you seem to have a chip on your shoulder when it comes to ancient myths . '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 she smiled . 
 `` you place an inordinate amount of blame on some of the central figures of greek mythology . '' 
 i was quiet for a moment , unsure of how to answer . 
 `` do n't get me wrong . 
 i love how you 've seamlessly planted characters such as persephone in a modern high-school setting . 
 superb . '' 
 she placed the stack of papers on my desk . 
 `` but you , as the author , are letting your disdain show through . '' 
 `` how ? '' 
 i asked . 
 she gave me a wry smile . 
 `` like when your modern demeter , and basically everyone else who 's even nice to your persephone , gets killed or maimed by random acts of violence . '' 
 oh yeah . 
 i nodded . 
 `` now , if you intended to offer a scathing indictment of heroes , well , you 're succeeding . '' 
 `` i just think they were foolish , '' i said . 
 `` made irrational decisions in hopeless quests . '' 
 `` maybe . 
 but do n't forget that what we can glean from these stories is not the string of decisions that got them into harrowing situations but what sacrifices did they make ? 
 did demeter give up when persephone was kidnapped ? 
 did she ever lose hope that she would get her daughter back ? '' 
 `` that 's just it , mrs. stone . 
 she should n't have let herself hope , because she did n't really get her back . 
 persephone ended up ruling the underworld anyway . 
 i do n't know why she wasted her time . '' 
 mrs. stone paused . 
 `` now you 're asking the right question . 
 why do we hope when all hope is lost ? 
 what if orpheus had given up hope ? '' 
 `` who ? '' 
 `` orpheus . 
 we 'll talk about him later in the unit , but in a nutshell : the love of orpheus 's life , eurydice , was taken to the underworld . 
 he was desperate to get her back , but no one ever comes back from the underworld , right ? 
 orpheus did n't give up , though . 
 he followed her and pleaded with hades to let her go . 
 he played music for hades and touched his heart , so much that hades released eurydice on one condition - that orpheus never look back as they left . '' 
 goose bumps appeared on my arms . 
 i was n't familiar with the story , but cole said most myths were rooted in some truth . 
 could it be that a mortal girl who was bound to the everneath escaped ? 
 i stayed quiet , anxious for mrs. stone to go on . 
 `` i 'd like you to ask yourself , who loses hope first ? 
 and who never gives up ? 
 because it 's not the supernatural abilities that set mythical characters apart . '' 
 she leaned forward . 
 `` it 's the decisions the human characters make , in impossible situations , that have us still talking about them centuries later . 
 heroes are made by the paths they choose , not the powers they are graced with . '' 
 i did n't tell her my opinion about the existence of heroes . 
 i wanted her to talk about eurydice again . 
 `` so this eurydice escaped the underworld ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 mrs. stone paused . 
 `` for a moment . '' 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 `` orpheus could n't help looking back to make sure she was behind him . 
 she was sucked back down . '' 
 she smiled and patted the papers in front of me , as if she had n't just obliterated my little ray of hope . 
 `` what you 've done here is fine work . 
 good structure . 
 solid voice . 
 but i think you can dig a little deeper . '' 
 i nodded , no longer paying close attention . 
 no one could escape . 
 `` okay . 
 we 're good here . 
 i ca n't wait to see your next draft , nikki . 
 do n't shy away . '' 
 when i left mrs. stone 's classroom , i could n't get my mind off the story of the two lovers . 
 which is why i did n't notice , at first , the small group of students gathered around something at the edge of the football field . 
 i watched the crowd as i walked toward the parking lot . 
 i would n't have stopped , only i saw jules standing there , and she turned to stare at me . 
 something in the way she looked at me made me want to see what was going on . 
 as i walked closer , a couple more students turned to watch . 
 as if they 'd expected me . 
 then a voice rang out from somewhere in the middle of the fray . 
 jack 's voice . 
 `` leave her alone ! '' 
 another voice . 
 an all-too-familiar voice . 
 cole-as the dark-haired neal . 
 `` she got to you , did n't she ? 
 and you want more . 
 they always do . '' 
 oh crap . 
 i picked up the pace and pushed my way into the center , where jack and cole were facing off . 
 i wanted to grab jack , to wrap my arms around him and pull him away . 
 but i did n't feel like it was my right , since he was angry with me . 
 so i stood in front of cole . 
 `` stop it . '' 
 i put my hand on his chest . 
 despite being an immortal , he had the physical strength of a regular boy my age , nothing more . 
 he still could have flattened me , but he gave way and stepped back . 
 and i realized my mistake . 
 the way he gave in to me made it look like we were together . 
 everyone watched . 
 my face was sweating . 
 `` i ca n't help it , nik , '' he said with a smirk . 
 `` he 's such an easy target . '' 
 jack made a lunge toward cole , but i stood my ground in the middle . 
 i was about to get squashed . 
 `` jules ! '' 
 i called out , as jack collided with us . 
 he tried to strong-arm me out of the way , but then jules was there , tugging on his arm , trying to pull him off . 
 i wondered why she had n't tried to stop it before now . 
 `` c'mon , jack , '' she said . 
 `` let 's go . 
 please . '' 
 jack did n't take his eyes off of cole , but he let jules lead him away . 
 the crowd let out a collective sigh , probably disappointed there 'd be no fight . 
 cole turned to me as we walked and licked his lips . 
 `` oh man , his humiliation is absolutely delicious . '' 
 `` stop it , neal . 
 just stop it . 
 none of this is going to help you get me back . '' 
 `` it 's not just about getting you back , nik . 
 poor jack is smitten . 
 i feel sorry for the boy and what he 's going to go through again . 
 i 'm doing this for both of you . '' 
 i shook my head in disbelief . 
 `` leave jack out of this . 
 he wants nothing to do with me anyway . '' 
 `` you 're wrong , nik . 
 he wants everything to do with you . '' 
 we both looked over at jack , who was letting jules lead him to the parking lot . 
 jack 's eyes cut back and forth between cole and me . 
 i felt like i was betraying him somehow . 
 `` poor jules , '' cole said . 
 i turned to look at him . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 he raised an eyebrow . 
 `` do n't tell me you do n't see it . 
 she 's in love with jack . 
 and she thought there was a chance , until ... '' `` i came back , '' i said . 
 he nodded , and then shrugged as he turned toward jules again . 
 `` now she does n't know what to do . 
 maybe i can help her decide . '' 
 he glanced at me sideways . 
 `` do you think i 'm her type ? '' 
 we 'd reached his big black-and-silver motorcycle parked illegally along the curb . 
 `` do n't say things like that , cole . 
 please . '' 
 `` would that bother you ? '' 
 he had a strange look on his face . 
 almost vulnerable . 
 it had come so quickly , and it made him look like a different person . 
 `` yes , '' i said . 
 he started to smile , until i added , `` i do n't want you anywhere near the people i love . '' 
 he was taken aback , but then he chuckled and was back to his old self . 
 `` you can end this anytime , nik . '' 
 i did n't answer . 
 i had underestimated how much damage he could do before i left . 
 he could n't hurt me , but he could hurt the people i cared about . 
 cole sauntered the rest of the way to the motorcycle , swung a leg over , and kicked it to life . 
 `` just say the word . '' 
 he revved the engine and looked past me , toward the parking lot . 
 his expression became smug and he grinned as he pushed away from the curb . 
 i turned to see what had captured his attention . 
 then it all happened quickly . 
 i heard cole take off just as my eyes registered jack in his black car , peeling out after cole . 
 jules was left behind , calling out frantically after him . 
 the chase was on . 
 jules and i exchanged silent glances for just a moment . 
 then we both took off at a run toward my car . 
 `` you drive , '' i said to her as i tossed her the keys . 
 she snatched them out of the air . 
 my driving was still a bit rusty . 
 maybe she could catch us up faster . 
 we did n't say a word to each other as jules tore through the streets . 
 she kept to the main road , probably figuring the boys had done the same . 
 i hoped she was right . 
 we did n't see any signs of jack 's car or cole 's motorcycle . 
 `` look , '' jules said . 
 she pointed to an older couple on the sidewalk . 
 they were looking farther down the road , toward a sharp bend , with obviously panicked expressions . 
 jules sped up . 
 as jack 's car came into view , i let out a yelp of horror . 
 the front end of his car was wrapped around a telephone pole . 
 a few people stood near the car , looking in the windows and calling out to jack . 
 some were already on cell phones . 
 i threw open the door and bolted out before jules could even stop the car . 
 `` jack ! '' 
 i called out as i pushed a man out of my way . 
 jack was slumped over the steering wheel . 
 `` jack . 
 jack ! 
 can you hear me ? '' 
 i pulled jack away from the wheel . 
 his eyes were halfway open , and his cheek started to swell and turn red . 
 i turned his head toward me . 
 `` jack . 
 can you hear me ? '' 
 his eyes fluttered . 
 `` is the boy okay ? '' 
 `` what boy ? '' 
 `` the boy . 
 in the street . '' 
 i turned to the man behind me . 
 `` was there a boy ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` i almost hit him , '' jack insisted . 
 `` there 's no one . '' 
 i pushed his hair away from his eyes and took a closer look at his cheek . 
 maybe there really had been a boy in the street , but i also would n't put it past cole to make one appear , if he had that power . 
 jack 's eyes opened fully , and he looked at me with half a grin . 
 `` you remember the first time i told you i loved you ? '' 
 his words slurred together . 
 `` shhhhh . 
 do n't talk . 
 the paramedics are on their way . '' 
 `` do you ? '' 
 i touched his cheek and he winced . 
 i could almost taste his pain , as if it were a tangible element in the air . 
 i could feel my body hungering for the hurt . 
 it was the first time since i 'd returned that i craved someone else 's energy . 
 even at my lowest point , those last moments in the everneath , i 'd never felt a need for it . 
 until now . 
 until i was faced with emotions this strong . 
 he tilted his head toward me , and i jerked back . 
 the taste in the air became bitter and sweet , a mixture of pain and longing . 
 `` tell me you remember , '' he said . 
 `` please . '' 
 the pain was no longer coming from one source . 
 it was behind me as well . 
 i turned , knowing whom i would see . 
 jules stood a few yards back , watching us , and the look on her face made it clear that she had heard everything . 
 i ducked my head and walked back through the crowd . 
 as i passed her , i said , `` he needs you . 
 he does n't know what he 's saying . '' 
 sirens wailed in the distance . 
 i glanced down at my hand , the one that had touched his cheek . 
 this had to stop . 
 i had to stop . 
 fourteen now my bedroom . 
 less than three months left . 
 the halfway point of my return had come and gone , and i still was n't any closer to saying good-bye . 
 the only thing i had actually accomplished was getting jack beat up . 
 it was nobody 's fault but my own . 
 when i got home after the accident , cole was waiting for me in my room , as usual . 
 but today was the first time i actually wanted him there . 
 `` i 'm ready to leave . '' 
 he sat upright . 
 `` you are ? 
 i. . . '' 
 he started , as if wondering what he should pack . 
 apparently i 'd surprised him . 
 `` sorry , i just ... wow . 
 i thought you 'd take a lot more convincing . 
 let 's go . '' 
 he stood and held out his hand . 
 i did n't take it . 
 `` i said i 'm ready to leave . 
 not that i 'm going with you . '' 
 he let his hand drop to his side . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 i took a deep breath . 
 `` i 'm ready to go to the tunnels . '' 
 at my words , the mark began to writhe underneath my skin , like a muscle spasm . 
 a scowl replaced cole 's smile , and he sat back down on the bed and started playing his guitar as if i had n't said anything . 
 `` i want to go , '' i said . 
 `` see ya . '' 
 he was n't looking at me . 
 i pressed my lips together and balled my hands into fists . 
 `` how do i do it , cole ? '' 
 he strummed another chord . 
 `` the tunnels want me . 
 they 're going to take me anyway . 
 how do i go there now ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` my best guess ? 
 it 's called the everneath for a reason , so aim that way '' - he pointed toward the floor - `` and go . '' 
 i sat on the bed next to him and grabbed his hand before he could strum another chord . 
 he stared at my hand , wrapped around his . 
 `` please , cole . 
 this situation ca n't be good for you , either . 
 you obviously are n't moving on . 
 i do n't know what 's out there for you , but there has to be something more than this-hanging around me . 
 trying to convince me of something that will never happen . '' 
 he jerked his hand away and looked at me . 
 `` once you choose to return , there 's no getting out of it early . 
 except to go with me . 
 i can help you . '' 
 `` you 'd help me ... lose my heart . 
 right ? 
 that 's what it would mean to go with you . 
 i 'd lose my heart . 
 and then to survive , i 'd have to ruin someone else 's life . 
 sentence them to the tunnels . '' 
 cole stood and walked over to the window . 
 `` i ca n't talk to you when you 're like this . 
 let me know when the reality of your circumstances has sunk in . 
 then maybe i can help . '' 
 `` wait . '' 
 he paused . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` when we were in the everneath , did you ever tell me about orpheus and eurydice ? '' 
 he narrowed his eyes . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` but you said you told me all the stories of the everneath . 
 why not - '' he did n't let me finish . 
 `` because that one never happened . '' 
 the iphone in his pocket vibrated , and he stared at the screen . 
 `` i have to go . '' 
 he started to climb out the window . 
 `` bu - '' `` nik , now 's not the time for an education . '' 
 he tilted his head toward my shoulder . 
 the one that held the mark . 
 `` time 's running out . '' 
 he slid out the window , slamming it shut behind him with such force that the framed picture of me and my mom crashed to the floor . 
 i checked my mark . 
 it had tripled in size . 
 and it was still tingling from when i 'd talked about going to the tunnels early , as if the shade beneath my skin had gotten jittery at the mention of its home . 
 i sank into my chair for a moment . 
 the last time cole was here and he 'd gotten a text , he 'd ended up with max at the convenience store . 
 i knew what i had to do . 
 i 'd been stupid to go to the store when max and cole were n't there . 
 maybe whatever happened at the store was triggered only by max or cole . 
 i sprinted out of my room and down the hall to the kitchen to grab my car keys . 
 if there was a chance i could catch them both at the store , maybe i 'd understand . 
 the shop-n-go . 
 i stopped up the street from the shop-n-go and walked the rest of the way . 
 cole 's bike was n't parked out front , and i was n't at the right angle to see inside the glass windows of the store . 
 maybe cole was n't here . 
 maybe the text was about something else . 
 i crept closer to the building , ducking down in case cole was nearby , but then i rolled my eyes . 
 why would cole be hiding out ? 
 waiting to ambush me on the off chance i might be strolling down the street ? 
 i made my way to the side of the store , where the windows gave me a clear view inside to the spot near the back . 
 no one was there . 
 no old man , no maxwell , no bottle . 
 from my position , i could look through the store windows and see the front door too . 
 i decided to wait and see if either cole or maxwell showed up . 
 the thin hoodie i 'd thrown on was n't doing much to keep out the chill , and i rubbed my arms and bounced up and down , trying to get warm . 
 after a few minutes of this , the front doors of the shop swung open . 
 i stepped a little closer to the glass to get a clear view , and i saw maxwell go in with a woman i 'd never seen before . 
 my breath fogged up the glass a little , so i wiped it down and kept watching . 
 the woman was blond , with a bad dye job and a few inches of regrowth . 
 she wore a short skirt , a tight , sequined tube top that was missing every other sequin , and an overcoat that was a few sizes too big , as if it were made for a man . 
 she had black smudges below her eyes and streaks of mascara running down her cheeks . 
 she did n't look like the usual dead elvises groupie . 
 maxwell nodded to the clerk-ezra again-as they passed , and ezra waved lazily . 
 the woman was staggering , and maxwell put an arm around her to steady her . 
 what was he doing with her ? 
 they made their way to the spot by the chocolate-covered raisins , and i scooted back so there was no way maxwell could see me if he happened to glance out the window . 
 i could n't remember there being anything behind me , so when i backed into something , i jumped . 
 two strong arms wrapped around me from behind , pinning my arms to my sides . 
 `` hey , nik . 
 thought you might show up . '' 
 cole 's voice was at my ear . 
 i struggled to get out of his grasp . 
 `` let me go ! '' 
 `` why ? 
 you wanted to know what happens at the shop-n-go . 
 let 's find out , shall we ? '' 
 he forced me closer to the window . 
 the woman was sitting on the floor , leaning against the racks of powdered doughnuts . 
 maxwell crouched down beside her and held out a small white object in the palm of his hand . 
 `` what is that ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` shhh . 
 just watch . '' 
 the woman looked up at maxwell with a pathetic expression on her face , and then she nodded resolutely . 
 max handed her the object , and the woman brought it to her lips . 
 `` no ! '' 
 i shouted , and i threw my weight against cole , trying to break free . 
 i did n't even know what the pill contained , but coming from maxwell it could n't be good . 
 i put my foot against the wall below the window and pushed off , but cole absorbed the force and grabbed my wrist , pinning it behind my back and twisting to cause enough pain to make me freeze . 
 `` stop fighting , nik . 
 i 'm not trying to hurt you . '' 
 he let up a tiny bit . 
 `` do you promise to settle down ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` good . 
 i just do n't want you to miss the one thing you 've been dying to see . '' 
 the woman put the pill in her mouth and swallowed . 
 she closed her eyes and sank further against the racks . 
 maxwell left her there and walked out of the store . 
 the woman looked like she had fallen asleep . 
 and then something strange happened . 
 her skin developed a glossy sheen , as if she were suddenly covered in liquid . 
 her eyes shot open , and her mouth contorted into a silent scream ... then she dropped through the ground . 
 what the ... ? 
 i blinked , trying to make sense of what i just saw . 
 she 'd slipped through the floor , as if she were a ghost . 
 there was no gaping hole left behind , no fissure in the tile . 
 nothing left . 
 cole eased his grip on my wrist and helped me stand . 
 he held my hand in his , examining the welts he 'd made on my skin . 
 `` sorry , nik . '' 
 i yanked my hand away , and he gave me an impish grin . 
 `` no permanent damage . '' 
 i pointed at the window . 
 `` what was that ? 
 what happened to her ? '' 
 `` i told you we have to make sacrifices to our queen . 
 feed the tunnels . 
 that woman you saw in there was a sad , lost soul , looking for an easy way out of her miserable existence . 
 maxwell gave it to her . '' 
 `` the tunnels ? 
 an easy way out ? '' 
 i said , incredulous . 
 cole nodded . 
 `` think about it , nik . 
 it 's a hell of a lot better than suicide . 
 it 's like suicide lite . 
 she 'll become a physical part of the tunnels , and it will be a long time before she feels pain , because she has so many layers of self-loathing . '' 
 `` what was the pill she took ? 
 drugs ? '' 
 `` you know we do n't need drugs . 
 that pill contained a few of maxwell 's hairs . 
 you ca n't get to the everneath without an everliving host . 
 what do your mythology books call him ? 
 a ferryman ? 
 that pill is the ferryman who escorts humans to the everneath . 
 the sacrifice takes the pill , and she has part of an everliving inside of her . 
 it 's the only way she can go through . '' 
 `` why does it happen here ? 
 what 's so special about the shop-n-go ? '' 
 `` you 've heard of the river styx ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` there are several spots throughout the world like it , where the wall separating the surface and the everneath is thin . 
 paper thin . 
 legend calls these places rivers . 
 a way to get from one world to the other . 
 entrances to the everneath . 
 this store was built over one of the rivers . 
 around here it 's the easiest access to the everneath . '' 
 `` i do n't remember you taking me here before the feed . '' 
 `` that 's because you had a personal host-me . 
 i can take you to the everneath anytime . 
 from anywhere . '' 
 `` then why do n't you take me now ? '' 
 he gave me a smile that did n't reach his eyes . 
 `` help you leave early ? 
 i 'd never be able to live with myself . '' 
 his voice grew quiet . 
 `` even now i 'm not sure i 'll be able to survive without you . '' 
 i shook my head slowly . 
 `` sacrifices . 
 offerings . 
 suicide lite . 
 i 'd say there 's not much left you could n't live with . 
 there 's no end to your evil . '' 
 cole chuckled . 
 `` there is no evil . 
 there is no good . 
 there is only life , and the absence of life . '' 
 he stepped in front of me and leaned in closer . 
 i was up against the wall , so there was nowhere for me to go . 
 `` we are life . '' 
 i squeezed my eyes shut and leaned my head back against the wall until i could feel that cole had moved away . 
 `` so , nik . 
 you wanted a quick way to the tunnels . '' 
 he gestured toward the shop-n-go . 
 `` this is the gateway to the everneath . 
 it 's like your own river styx . '' 
 he pulled me in front of the window so we had a clear view of the floor in the back of the store . 
 `` i wo n't take you there personally , but i 'll give you a piece of my hair . '' 
 he plucked one off his head and put it in my hand and closed my fingers around it . 
 `` all you have to do is go inside and swallow it . '' 
 he let go of my hand . 
 `` you 'll slip through the floor , to the fields , where hundreds of shades will find you , wrap you in darkness , and carry you off to the tunnels . '' 
 he put his lips to my ear , so i could feel his breath on my neck , and whispered , `` you were so desperate to go . 
 here 's your chance . 
 it 's now or never . 
 are you going to take it ? '' 
 my breath fogged up the window as i thought about that woman , her face a silent scream , and then gone forever . 
 i thought about my father , and tommy , and the fact that i was n't ready to say good-bye . 
 there had n't been enough time to make up for anything . 
 i thought about jack , and how he was so angry with me , and how i was n't finished with him . 
 how his hand used to fit mine so perfectly , and if i left now , i 'd never have the chance to feel it again . 
 i could n't leave him the way things were now . 
 and then i realized the truth . 
 i left him once on the other side of the century . 
 i could n't leave him of my own volition ever again . 
 the tunnels were going to have to take me . 
 i did n't have what it took to go early . 
 `` you win , '' i said to cole . 
 `` i wo n't go early . '' 
 he kissed me on the cheek and let out a sigh . 
 `` i do n't know what i 'd do without you , nik . '' 
 i remembered when i 'd said the same thing to him . 
 i 'd thought he was my hero . 
 last year the graphx shop . 
 one week before the feed . 
 `` have you heard from jack ? '' 
 cole and i were in the back room of the graphx shop again , making more t-shirts with the elvis wraith picture . 
 cole had been right . 
 on the night of the concert at the dead goat saloon , the t-shirts had sold out , and a long list of people had signed up for more . 
 i agreed to help him , mostly because it was a good way to pass the time . 
 `` he 's not allowed to communicate with the outside world , '' i answered . 
 `` something about keeping his head in the game . '' 
 cole gave me a strange look . 
 `` huh . 
 max heard from meredith , but maybe she was breaking the rules . '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` did she have any good stories ? '' 
 `` no , '' he answered immediately , and then he was quiet . 
 we worked in silence for a few minutes . 
 his guitar hung down his back . 
 cole could be rock climbing and he 'd probably still carry the thing . 
 `` do you ever take it off ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` the guitar , i mean . '' 
 cole laid a shirt on the counter and smoothed the wrinkles . 
 `` nope . '' 
 `` why not ? '' 
 he picked up a folded shirt from the top of the stack and shook it out . 
 `` it 's part of me . 
 would you go to school without your hand ? '' 
 `` i do n't think that 's a useful comparison . '' 
 he laughed as he dragged the blade across the silk screen . 
 `` so , this thing with you and jack . '' 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 he lifted the screen and examined the print before he looked up . 
 when he did , he had a small smile on his face . 
 `` is it love ? '' 
 the question threw me . 
 it did n't seem like a friend asking a friend . 
 it felt more like cole was defining boundaries . 
 but maybe that was just my imagination . 
 i took a deep breath . 
 `` um ... '' i twisted toward the counter where the t-shirts had been stacked , but they were all gone . 
 i looked at the floor . 
 my fingernails . 
 the paint . 
 everywhere but his face . 
 why was i fumbling all of a sudden ? 
 `` um ... where 'd that come from ? '' 
 i finally lifted my gaze to meet his . 
 could i possibly have been any more flustered ? 
 he raised an eyebrow and reached toward me . 
 i flinched back before i realized he was reaching behind me , to where a second pile of shirts was stacked . 
 at my reaction , he held his hands up in an innocent gesture , then pointed to the shirts . 
 `` the shirts , nik . 
 i 'm getting a shirt . '' 
 `` right . '' 
 i shook my head and made a noise that sounded like a nervous giggle . 
 `` so , um , why do you ask about ... me and jack ? '' 
 i could n't bring myself to say the l-word . 
 he flattened the new shirt and then bladed another screen . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 it 's just that the more time i spend with you , i do n't know . 
 i do n't see it . 
 you and him . '' 
 `` you do n't know him . '' 
 he shook his head and drew in a breath . 
 `` you know what ? 
 it 's none of my business . 
 you coming to the concert tomorrow night ? '' 
 `` where ? '' 
 `` the spur . 
 it 's already sold out . '' 
 `` well , then , no . 
 i did n't buy a ticket . '' 
 he sighed . 
 `` nik , you never need to buy a ticket . 
 you could watch it from backstage if you want . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 `` sure . 
 it 's no big deal . '' 
 `` it is to me . 
 my friends will be so jealous . '' 
 `` you 're only saying that to make me feel good . '' 
 `` shut up . 
 you know how much people love you around here . '' 
 i shook my head as i ran the paddle along my silk screen . 
 `` do you like me around here ? '' 
 i startled , and my hands fumbled with the paddle as my cheeks went pink . 
 i did n't realize there was a fold on the shirt . 
 `` oh crap . 
 sorry , i messed this one up . '' 
 i held it up . 
 it looked like elvis 's face had been cut in half and then put back together by picasso . 
 i was about to toss it , but cole grabbed it from me . 
 `` no way . 
 this one is going to be famous someday . 
 like that upside-down airplane stamp . '' 
 i laughed , relieved the awkward moment had passed . 
 he grabbed a sharpie off one of the counters and quickly autographed the shirt . 
 he was beaming at it like it was the coolest thing he 'd ever seen . 
 `` cole , in case i have n't mentioned it , i appreciate you letting me tag along lately , '' i said . 
 he waved me away in response . 
 `` no , really . 
 thanks . 
 i do n't know what i 'd do without you . 
 i mean , it 's sorta been a difficult week for me - '' `` with jack gone ? '' 
 `` no . 
 well , yes , that too , but ... the man who was driving the car that killed my mom , he 's on trial . 
 and i 'm trying not to watch , but it 's everywhere . 
 and everyone who knows me seems to think i want to talk about it , when really all i want to do is ignore it . '' 
 i did n't know why i was telling cole all of this . 
 i had n't even told jules . 
 `` so ... thanks for the distraction . '' 
 cole brought the shirt over and put it in my hands . 
 `` i like having you around , '' he said . 
 `` it 's too bad football camp will be over so soon . '' 
 at the mention of football camp , i thought back to his short reply about meredith , and for some reason i wondered if he was holding back . 
 `` that phone call from meredith ... '' he looked away . 
 `` what about it ? '' 
 there it was . 
 evasiveness . 
 i could see it . 
 `` did she say anything about jack ? '' 
 he did n't look at me . 
 `` not that i can remember . 
 hey , the band is going to run the river this afternoon . 
 you up for more distraction ? '' 
 i thought about pressing him , but why would he purposely hold something back ? 
 he 'd probably think i was being paranoid , so i dropped it . 
 `` are you sure they wo n't mind if i come ? '' 
 `` no . 
 who does n't want a fifth wheel ? 
 although it would be better if you weighed a little bit more . '' 
 i grinned . 
 `` i 'll eat a few cheeseburgers on the drive . '' 
 when i got to the upper banks of the weber river , cole and his bandmates were hoisting the raft off a large white van . 
 they divvied up the life jackets , and then we were pushing away from the shoreline . 
 i knew the river well . 
 the rapids were bunched up at the end of the run , so for the first half , i tilted my head back and let the sun warm my face . 
 the weather was at that point where if the wind was n't blowing and the sun was shining , it was almost too warm . 
 the first half went by fast . 
 an intense winter and a late spring runoff had left the river deeper than usual , and most of the tourist rafts bugged out at the west table cutoff , as the brochures suggested . 
 before the rapids got too bad . 
 experienced locals were known to gamble on the level-five rapids just after west table , but never with the spring runoff we 'd had . 
 which is why i kind of freaked out when-a half hour later-cole and maxwell steered our little raft away from the west table shore , the final exit point . 
 `` uh , guys , we should probably ... '' i pointed to the disappearing shoreline and had a sudden panic attack . 
 `` if we all paddle backward - '' `` live a little , '' maxwell said from his steering post at the back of the raft . 
 `` there are serious rapids ahead . '' 
 i waved my hand toward the approaching bend in the river . 
 `` and the canyon walls mean there are no banks . '' 
 `` no way out , dude , '' the drummer-gavin-said from near the front . 
 `` sounds like a song . '' 
 cole was behind me , and i clenched his arm . 
 `` cole , listen to me . 
 it 's not a good idea . '' 
 but what was he supposed to do ? 
 we were past the point of no return . 
 `` do n't be scared . '' 
 i could n't explain the expression on his face . 
 like he was exhilarated by my fear . 
 he looked away , a faint smile on his lips . 
 `` hey , nik ! '' 
 maxwell jerked his head toward the front of the boat . 
 `` is that what you meant ? '' 
 i turned to look . 
 the tube . 
 the stretch of level-five rapids had gotten its name because of the smooth walls on either side of the river that made it impossible to stop . 
 i 'd been down the rapids once before . 
 during a dry summer . 
 there was a giant sharp rock in the middle that my uncle had deftly swerved around . 
 today the water was so high , i could n't see the rock . 
 `` stay to the side ! '' 
 i shouted . 
 `` i know there 's a rock in the middle . '' 
 but two eddies on either side of the river were forcing our boat toward the center . 
 `` we 'll be fine , '' maxwell said . 
 `` no , we wo n't ! '' 
 i searched the rapids for an unnatural break in the water , hoping i could see the tip of the rock i knew was there somewhere . 
 finally , i saw a black tip dividing the rushing waves . 
 with a sinking feeling , i knew i 'd spotted it too late . 
 `` it 's there ! '' 
 i pointed . 
 we paddled backward as fast as we could , but it was n't going to work . 
 we were n't even slowing down . 
 boats never seem to be going very fast until you try to stop them . 
 there was no way to avoid it . 
 i squeezed my eyes shut . 
 the boat snagged , and we lurched forward . 
 and then i was in the air . 
 seconds seemed to pass as the mountains on either side of the canyon circled in my vision , the thin strip of blue sky swirling back and forth . 
 then the water slammed into me . 
 fifteen now my house , after the shop-n-go . 
 less than three months left . 
 when i got home that night , i took cole 's hair out of my pocket and put it in the drawer of my nightstand . 
 maybe someday i 'd have the strength to use it . 
 before i could think too much about what i saw at the shop-n-go , i heard a soft knock at my front door . 
 when i opened it , there was jules , standing on my porch , twisting the ends of her hair with her right hand . 
 she was tired . 
 or stressed . 
 the air around her tasted bitter and heavy . 
 `` hi , becks . '' 
 she hesitated . 
 `` can we ... talk for a little while ? '' 
 `` of course . 
 come in . '' 
 she looked nervous , which made me nervous . 
 jules followed me down the hall to my bedroom , and then sat on the corner of my bed . 
 i turned my chair around so i was facing her . 
 `` we used to do this all the time , '' she said . 
 `` i practically lived here . '' 
 i smiled . 
 `` i remember . '' 
 she looked past me to my desk , where a framed picture of the two of us stood propped against the wall . 
 her eyes met mine , and she said , `` you 've lost a lot of weight . 
 and you were small to begin with . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 jules folded her arms . 
 `` look , becks . 
 i told myself i was n't going to bug you with accusations or questions or any of that stuff , but after today ... i do n't know . 
 i just ca n't stay quiet anymore . 
 what 's going on with you ? '' 
 i grabbed a pencil off my desk and turned it over and over in my hand a few times , trying to figure out what i could say . 
 `` i do n't know what to tell you , jules . 
 i was away for a while , but now i 'm back and i 'm not trying to hurt anyone - '' `` then what are you trying to do ? '' 
 `` i 'm trying to get my life back , '' i blurted out , before i even thought about it . 
 it was the truth , even though i had n't let myself acknowledge it before . 
 i took in a breath and leaned my head back against the chair . 
 that niggling wish-the silent prayer that i could someday reclaim my life-was alive inside me even though i knew it was impossible . 
 i shook my head , as if to chase away the rogue thought . 
 `` i ca n't talk about it anymore . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 she sighed and nodded . 
 `` fine . 
 i just think you should at least know about what happened here when you were gone . '' 
 `` you mean with jack ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 i looked at the floor . 
 `` what about him ? '' 
 `` it 's tough to talk about , because it was so hard to watch . 
 at first he went crazy trying to track you down . 
 he was convinced you did n't run away , that somebody had taken you . 
 he organized search parties . 
 dropped everything he cared about . 
 stopped eating . '' 
 she paused and looked at me . 
 `` i 'm sorry if this is hard to hear . '' 
 i had n't realized i was clutching my stomach . 
 `` eventually , when it looked like you were never coming back , something in him just sorta died . 
 he stopped talking , even to his friends . '' 
 i raised my gaze to see jules shake her head . 
 `` this one time , in the cafeteria , brent paxton said something about you being a crackhead and jack just flipped out . 
 he threw brent to the floor and started whaling on him . 
 the principal had to pull him off . 
 jack got a two-week suspension . 
 and brent was his friend . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` i know . 
 you could n't have known what it would do to him . 
 but you know now . '' 
 her words held an unspoken warning for me . 
 do n't hurt him again . 
 jules was here as jack 's friend . 
 not mine . 
 `` you were there for him , '' i said . 
 it was n't a question . 
 `` well , he kinda did n't give me a choice . 
 i think he was clinging to anything that would bring him closer to you . 
 he never gave up on you . 
 and i was there to pick up the pieces . '' 
 she leaned toward me . 
 `` he never got over you . '' 
 i craved those words , and yet dreaded them at the same time . 
 could he still love me , despite what he did in the past ? 
 jules walked over to my closet and started thumbing through my clothes . 
 we always used to go through each other 's closets , looking for new stuff to borrow . 
 she paused at a purple t-shirt . 
 `` i thought that with you being back , things might turn around for him . 
 at first , they did . 
 but after that fight yesterday , and then the car accident ... i 'm not sure . '' 
 `` i 'll try to leave him alone . 
 i 'll stay away from him . '' 
 she turned toward me . 
 `` i 'm not asking you to do that . 
 you 've already been doing that , and it 's like he 's chasing a ghost . '' 
 she looked down at her hands . 
 `` i do n't really know what i 'm asking . '' 
 she lifted her head . 
 `` if you could just talk to him and give him some sort of answer , maybe he 'll stop running . '' 
 i looked at her helplessly . 
 `` jules , i do n't know what to say . '' 
 `` do you know what he wants ? '' 
 jules pleaded . 
 `` he 's not being straight with me . 
 i would n't ask if i did n't think it was important . '' 
 the edge of her mouth pulled up in a rueful smile . 
 `` his car was wrecked , and i 'm not sure how many more concussions he can get before brain damage sets in . 
 i believe you that you do n't want to hurt anyone , but you 're hurting him . 
 can you think of anything that would help ? '' 
 i thought back to the fragments of conversations we 'd had . 
 what did jack want ? 
 tell me you remember , becks , he 'd said . 
 `` i 'll try to think of something , '' i said . 
 what i wanted to say was does jack know you love him ? 
 i could n't help thinking jules was a hundred times better for jack than i was . 
 and i could n't help hoping jack would never realize it . 
 the next day , jack did n't speak to me again in mrs. stone 's class , probably because i 'd ditched him one too many times . 
 i thought about jules 's request . 
 i ruled out talking directly to jack ; i was n't exactly a model of composure when we were face-to-face . 
 he wanted to know if i remembered . 
 so at lunchtime i took a small piece of paper out of my notebook and wrote two words on it . 
 i remember . 
 i slipped the piece of paper into his locker before i could think about it for too long . 
 but during history class , all i was doing was thinking about it . 
 i pictured him reading the note , and my fingertips started to sweat . 
 i tried to get a better look at his face in my imagination . 
 was he smiling ? 
 by calculus , i was second-guessing myself . 
 would he think this was just another confusing message ? 
 would he be even more frustrated ? 
 by the end of school , i still had n't seen jack . 
 why did i ever think two little words would make things better ? 
 so stupid . 
 i walked past his locker on the off chance my note was sticking out of one of the slots and i could yank it away . 
 but it was n't . 
 the note was small . 
 only two words on it . 
 maybe he would n't find it , and if he did , maybe he would n't know who wrote it . 
 there could be other girls out there who would write those words on a paper . 
 and shove it in his locker . 
 by the end of school , i 'd had no word from jack . 
 no sign that he 'd read anything . 
 he kept a messy locker , and i started to believe the note was lost , and maybe that was a good thing . 
 i breathed a sigh of relief as i put away the last of my books and took my backpack out . 
 when i slammed the door , i gasped . 
 jack was behind it , waiting , with the corner of his lip pulled up in not quite a smile . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he demanded . 
 `` what what ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he held my note up in front of my face . 
 `` what do you remember ? '' 
 everything . 
 but i could n't tell him that . 
 i shrugged and said , `` things . '' 
 then i made a move to leave , but jack 's strong arm blocked my way , his hand pressing against the locker behind my back . 
 `` no you do n't . 
 you ca n't leave a note like this '' - he waved the paper - `` and then say ` things . ' 
 i want to know what , exactly , you remember . '' 
 people in the hallway stared and i could feel my face going red . 
 jack noticed , and put his other arm up against the lockers , blocking me in . 
 my pulse went nuts . 
 it had to be visible on my wrists . 
 jack 's face was inches from mine . 
 his breath was minty , and i could smell the rustic scent of his aftershave , and whatever strong emotion he was feeling , it tasted sweet . 
 i breathed it in , and the inhalation was embarrassingly loud . 
 his eyes searched mine . 
 `` this is the first opening you 've given me , and i 'm not letting you get out of it . '' 
 he paused . 
 `` what do you remember ? '' 
 i looked behind him , at the curious spectators , and squinted my eyes shut , unable to bear the scrutiny anymore . 
 `` say something , becks . 
 say anything . '' 
 `` you , '' i said . 
 `` i remember you . '' 
 i kept my eyes shut , and felt his hands drop . 
 he did n't move back . 
 `` what do you remember about me ? '' 
 there was strong emotion behind his voice . 
 something he fought to control . 
 with my eyes closed , i could easily picture the other side of the century . 
 `` i remember the way your hand could cover my entire shoulder . 
 the way your lower lip stuck out when you were working out a problem in your head . 
 and how you flick your ring finger with your thumb when you get impatient . '' 
 i opened my eyes , and the words no longer got stuck in my throat on their way out . 
 they flowed . 
 `` and when something surprises you and you do n't know what to say , you get a tiny wrinkle in between your eyebrows . '' 
 i reached up to touch the divot , then hesitated and lowered my hand . 
 `` it showed on the day the coach told you you 'd made first-string quarterback . 
 and it 's showing now . '' 
 for a moment the space between us held no tension , no questions , no accusations . 
 finally he leaned back , a stunned expression on his face . 
 `` where do we go from here ? '' 
 `` nowhere , really , '' i whispered . 
 `` it does n't change anything . '' 
 eyebrows still drawn together , he said , `` we 'll see . '' 
 then he turned and left . 
 i tucked this moment away . 
 in the dark , dank world of the tunnels , i would call upon this memory . 
 and there would be a flicker of candlelight . 
 if only for a moment . 
 i closed my eyes , as if my eyelids were the levers of a printing press , etching the fibers into my mind . 
 memories were outside cole 's reach . 
 as long as i held them , memories were mine and mine alone . 
 sixteen now home . 
 two and a half months left . 
 time was doing strange things to me . 
 sometimes a week felt like a day , and sometimes a minute felt like an eternity . 
 it was like a clock that was running out of power , winding down except when it received an occasional jolt , and a week was suddenly gone . 
 telling jack the truth-that i did remember him-seemed to adjust things between us . 
 softened some of the tension . 
 i could see it in the occasional glances he sent my way during class . 
 and when i caught him staring now , there was no hostility in his gaze . 
 we had reached an equilibrium . 
 a way to exist living in each other 's world again . 
 i thought about my other efforts . 
 i was n't making any headway with mary , since she 'd missed the last couple of saturdays at the soup kitchen . 
 but things were getting better with my dad . 
 after school one day , he asked me to run the latest design change for his campaign flyers into town to give to mr. macy at the printing shop . 
 his office had the latest technology , but when it came to my dad 's campaign , it was strictly old-fashioned . 
 he believed a handshake was the best social-networking tool , and a computer could n't convince someone of the sincerity of a smile . 
 i grabbed the folder with the designs . 
 as i opened the front door , my dad called from the kitchen , `` the exercise will do you good . '' 
 because exercise and service to others fix all problems . 
 it was a good step , my dad giving me a task . 
 we were approaching normal . 
 i made the trek into town and delivered the instructions to mr. macy , and when i came out of his shop i could hear music coming from somewhere near the center of town . 
 i started wandering toward the sound . 
 the song was soft enough that even though it sounded familiar , i could n't quite place it . 
 i kept checking down side streets , looking for the source , so i was n't paying attention when i turned the corner at the pharmacy and ran headfirst into someone 's chest . 
 jack 's chest . 
 several boxes he was carrying-all but one-fell to the ground . 
 he froze , holding tightly to the last box . 
 `` oh , '' i said . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 `` becks . '' 
 he dropped the remaining box from his hand . 
 we both started to speak . 
 `` what are - '' `` i was - '' neither of us finished . 
 jack regained his composure . 
 `` you know , just once i 'd like to run into you without actually running into you . '' 
 `` you 're the football player , '' i said . 
 `` think about what it 's doing to me . '' 
 i 'd noticed a couple of these moments lately-the ones where things seemed so normal between us , if only for an instant . 
 `` are you working ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` yeah . 
 same job as always . '' 
 i panicked . 
 i could n't remember where he worked , and that moment of being normal was gone . 
 his job was n't one of the memories that had kept me alive , so technically it 'd been a hundred years since i 'd thought about it . 
 he bent down to pick up the packages . 
 each one had a name and address written on it . 
 `` delivery , '' i said with a start , suddenly remembering . 
 `` of packages . '' 
 of course , anyone with two eyes could 've guessed that . 
 he stood and gave me an amused look . 
 `` yeah . 
 i wish i shared your enthusiasm for it . '' 
 he handed me the top two boxes . 
 `` walk with me , becks . '' 
 we strolled down the sidewalk . 
 the air had a wintery bite to it , even though it 'd been a record warm november . 
 winter came early in our town . 
 even the hottest summer days always held the threat of a rainstorm . 
 we passed a few tourist shops , indian beads and jewelry places mostly , until we reached a window displaying turquoise artifacts . 
 `` wait here , '' jack said , and he took two of the packages inside . 
 now that i was still , i could hear faint music again coming from somewhere . 
 it was n't uncommon to find two or three street musicians near main street on any given night , playing for change . 
 a breeze picked up , carrying the music with it , making the melody swell louder in my ears . 
 the door to the shop opened , and jack came out just as i recognized with a sinking feeling the song that was playing . 
 jack heard it too . 
 `` the dead elvises are in town again , '' he said . 
 `` they 've been giving impromptu street concerts most nights . '' 
 cole and his band , performing in town . 
 feeding on the audience , as they had done for centuries . 
 they 'd evolved from lyres and harps to sitars and lutes to guitars and basses . 
 they played concerts until their lack of aging became obvious . 
 then they would disappear for a while , switch genres and locations , maybe even learn new instruments and start again . 
 starting over for them was n't that big of a deal when they could manipulate the emotions of the people they played for . 
 i could feel jack 's gaze on my face , waiting for my reaction . 
 cole was somewhere nearby , with his band , but i made sure my face showed nothing . 
 holding the next box up , i said , `` where to next ? '' 
 jack smiled . 
 `` this way . 
 the rusty boot . '' 
 we had just finished delivering the last of the packages and had passed mulligan 's saloon when a man called jack 's name from behind us . 
 we turned around . 
 carson smith , a bartender in the saloon , was waving us toward him . 
 jack looked at me and sighed , as if he knew what carson wanted and he did n't like it . 
 `` sorry , jack , '' carson said , and he held the door to the bar open for us . 
 `` it 's will . '' 
 we paused at the door . 
 `` will , your brother ? '' 
 i asked . 
 last i knew , jack 's brother was serving in the war . 
 i could n't remember if it was iraq or afghanistan . 
 `` yeah . 
 he 's back . 
 wait here . 
 or if you need to go ... '' `` i 'll wait . '' 
 jack nodded and followed carson into the bar . 
 a few minutes later , the bar door flung back open , and jack stumbled through , half carrying his brother . 
 the last time i saw will , he looked like a slightly shorter , slightly older version of jack . 
 but when he lifted his head , i barely knew him . 
 he 'd lost some weight , and a sheen of sweat covered his face ; little tear droplets pooled in the corners of puffy eyes . 
 his drinking had obviously only gotten worse . 
 `` the other guy started it ! '' 
 will said to a couple of tourists walking by . 
 they gave him a wide margin . 
 i rushed to will 's other side and put his arm around my shoulders . 
 `` thanks , '' jack said . 
 `` my car 's back at the store . 
 if we can just make it there . '' 
 will noticed me for the first time . 
 `` hey . 
 a girl . '' 
 he studied my face for a moment , and then he gasped and stopped walking . 
 `` nikki beckett . 
 you 'd better get out of here before my brother sees you . 
 he 'd freak . '' 
 `` and , we 're walking , '' jack said , heaving will forward . 
 `` oh , hey , jack . 
 did n't see you there . '' 
 will smiled again , undisturbed . 
 his eyes glazed over and he seemed to have forgotten all about me . 
 jack looked at me around the slumping head of his brother . 
 `` will was wounded . 
 and discharged . '' 
 will swung his head around to face me . 
 `` they expected me to wear pants ! '' 
 he sprayed the last word across my face , and i gagged at his foul breath . 
 `` like , all the time ... it was so hot . '' 
 he stared at me again . 
 `` hey , you look familiar . 
 hey , jack , ` member that girl - ? '' 
 `` yes , '' jack interrupted . 
 `` you know , the one who totally messed you up - '' `` yes , '' jack cut him off again . 
 his eyes met mine , and he gave me an apologetic grin . 
 i felt my own lips turning up . 
 will pulled up short . 
 `` uh-oh . '' 
 he made a gurgled sound and jack yanked him toward some bushes just in time for will to empty the contents of his stomach . 
 i stepped aside as jack patted will 's back . 
 `` it 's okay , will . 
 it 's okay . '' 
 will straightened up , wobbled a bit , and then sank directly to the ground , barely missing the tainted bush . 
 `` i got ta rest . '' 
 `` just a little bit farther-up to that bench over there . '' 
 i did n't think will would make it , but a few minutes later the three of us were sitting on the bench . 
 will closed his eyes and sank lower , leaning his head against the backrest . 
 `` he 'll probably be out for a while , '' jack said . 
 `` this has happened before ? '' 
 he grimaced . 
 `` yeah . 
 he got out of the hospital a couple months ago . 
 my parents stopped coming for him after about the third or fourth time . 
 sometimes i come and get him . 
 sometimes he goes somewhere else to crash . '' 
 will began snoring . 
 `` it 's been a rough year for you , '' i said . 
 a wide grin spread across jack 's face . 
 `` you could say that . 
 my brother got shot . 
 i crashed my car . 
 crashed my grades . 
 beat up my best friend and a few other random people '' - he paused - `` and lost you . 
 all in all , not what i 'd imagined for my senior year . 
 right now , i 'm just in salvage mode . '' 
 `` i understand . '' 
 it was not an empty sentiment , and jack knew it . 
 he nodded . 
 will snorted awake and gave me a bewildered look . 
 his head swiveled back and forth from jack to me . 
 `` whoa . 
 is it last year ? '' 
 jack and i both laughed softly as will raised his right arm over his head and rotated it . 
 `` nope . 
 still hurts . '' 
 he let his arm drop back down and his shoulders sagged . 
 `` i 've been shot , have n't i ? '' 
 `` yeah , will . '' 
 jack swung his arm over his shoulder . 
 `` you ready to walk again ? '' 
 `` i think so . '' 
 i helped pull him up , although i doubted i was doing any of the actual work . 
 will was staring at me again . 
 he turned away , toward jack , and whisper-yelled , `` i heard nikki 's back . '' 
 `` yep , '' jack grunted as will stumbled over the curb . 
 `` she is . '' 
 `` how are you doin ' with that news , little bro ? '' 
 jack looked at me when he answered . 
 `` better every day . '' 
 my bedroom . 
 that evening , i was riding a strange euphoria from my afternoon with jack when my bedroom window rattled and cole hiked himself up through the opening . 
 once inside , he shook his head from the downpour of icy rain , and as he came closer , the mark on my shoulder felt more like a burn , as if it were beginning to swell . 
 cole had said it would get stronger as my time ran out . 
 `` hello , cole , '' i said without looking up . 
 he froze . 
 `` you seem happy . '' 
 `` not really . 
 just enjoying my homework . '' 
 i tapped my open english lit book with my pencil . 
 i kept my voice even . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 `` i came to invite you to the christmas dance this weekend . '' 
 i grimaced . 
 `` no thanks . 
 in fact , i 'm pretty sure you 're not invited . '' 
 `` oh , but i am . 
 the angels are playing at the dance , and they wanted a star appearance by yours truly . '' 
 the angels were a local indie rock band who would probably kill for the added publicity of having a dead elvis there too . 
 what i could n't understand was why cole would agree . 
 i stared at him for a moment . 
 `` why are you doing this ? 
 why are you still here ? '' 
 `` the whole band 's here now . 
 we 're settling down . '' 
 `` but you could go somewhere else . '' 
 `` they know how much i need you . 
 they 're supporting me . '' 
 i turned back to my open book and listened as cole strummed a few chords that did n't seem to belong to any song . 
 `` i 'm not going to the dance . '' 
 cole was suddenly at my side . 
 `` come , nik . 
 i have to show you something there . '' 
 `` show me what ? '' 
 `` look at me . '' 
 i turned toward him . 
 `` it has to do with what you are . 
 i ca n't explain it , but it 's something you have to see . 
 i promise things will become clear . '' 
 i thought about it for a long time . 
 cole returned to my bed and strummed a classical piece i had only ever heard played on a piano . 
 `` will you leave me alone afterward ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i ca n't . '' 
 he stopped playing and leaned forward . 
 `` but i promise to leave your house . '' 
 `` and never come back ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` never come in through my window ? 
 and you 'll stay away from my family ? '' 
 he nodded again . 
 `` how do i know you 're not lying ? '' 
 `` because i would n't lie to you . '' 
 i did n't know if that was true , but if he kept his word , he 'd be that much farther away from tommy and my dad . 
 `` fine . 
 i 'll go to the dance . 
 not with you . 
 but i 'll be there . '' 
 `` deal . '' 
 he let a smile cross his face . 
 `` i heard jack is taking the lovely jules . '' 
 my face showed nothing , even though this was news to me . 
 `` oh , '' i said softly . 
 he breathed in loudly . 
 `` okay , then . 
 before i go , what color will you wear ? '' 
 i tilted my head . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` what color dress are you wearing that night ? 
 so i can dress to match . '' 
 i rolled my eyes and turned back to my book . 
 `` black . '' 
 `` ah . 
 black . 
 how daring , '' he said , his voice flat . 
 `` i 'm sure i can find something in my closet that will do . '' 
 cole only ever wore black . 
 despite myself , i could n't help smiling . 
 i leaned back over my book until i heard the window open and then shut . 
 seventeen now the christmas dance . 
 two months , one week left . 
 at the time , i would 've agreed to anything that would get cole out of my room and out of my house for good . 
 but as the days passed , i started dreading our bargain . 
 it snowed , which made everyone at school even more excited for the dance , and i realized how hard it was going to be showing up , alone , in that big farmhouse . 
 when the day arrived , my hands started shaking again , but this time it was mostly from nerves . 
 even after i 'd gotten dressed for the dance , i wandered around my house trying to find the courage to leave . 
 my dad caught me midpace and handed me a mug of hot cocoa . 
 `` so you 're really going to the dance ? '' 
 i nodded as i sipped from the mug . 
 `` alone ? '' 
 `` not technically . 
 there should be other people there too . '' 
 he raised his eyebrows . 
 `` did my sullen daughter just make a joke ? '' 
 i smiled as he gave a chuckle . 
 `` you always used to make jokes when you were nervous , '' he said . 
 his smile disappeared and he put a hand on my arm . 
 `` are you nervous ? '' 
 he knew me better than i thought . 
 `` a little . '' 
 `` then why are you going ? 
 i mean , wo n't most everyone there have dates ? '' 
 he cleared his throat . 
 `` because tommy and i have a mean game of uno planned . '' 
 i hugged him . 
 `` thanks , dad . 
 wish me luck . '' 
 i grabbed my keys from their hook and took off . 
 even though the meier farmhouse was partway up the mountainside , the rabbit had no trouble navigating the curves , because the meier family had hired armies of workers to plow the roads and keep them clear up until the night of the dance . 
 i parked down the road and pulled on my boots to walk the rest of the way . 
 as i got closer to the farmhouse , i could hear the music drifting through the doors , floating in the air , and gradually sinking to where it disappeared in the snow . 
 it was n't snowing tonight like it was last year . 
 the slush on the ground was dirty and old . 
 the air had a stale smell to it . 
 we needed another storm to clear it away . 
 last year , i had stood in this spot in a spaghetti-strap gown , next to jack , thinking things could n't get much better . 
 tonight i wore a short , simple black dress . 
 i normally did n't like to show so much leg , but it was the only dress i could find with sleeves long enough to cover up the mark on my left arm . 
 i stood for a few long moments , my breath a tangible element suspended in the frigid air . 
 `` miss beckett ? '' 
 i jumped and opened my eyes . 
 mrs. stone stood in the doorway of the farmhouse . 
 `` come inside . 
 you 'll catch your death out here . '' 
 she met me halfway , then ushered me through the threshold . 
 she did n't seem surprised i was alone . 
 the angels were playing a slow song to the packed dance floor . 
 i scanned the sea of faces . 
 near the middle of the crowd , jules and jack held each other , swaying back and forth to the music , her head resting on his shoulder . 
 the familiar pain of jealousy started clawing at me , a pain i had n't felt full strength for over a century . 
 somehow it hurt more than i ever remembered . 
 everyone was dancing . 
 everyone had someone . 
 the only people standing along the sides were the chaperones , most of whom were focused on their smartphones . 
 i was so obviously alone . 
 a voice behind me startled me . 
 `` hey , nik . '' 
 i turned around to see cole , dressed head to toe in black . 
 black suit , black shirt , black tie hanging loose around his neck . 
 he looked me up and down . 
 his gaze paused briefly on my legs , and his mouth opened slightly . 
 i folded my arms . 
 `` um ... you ... look beautiful , '' he said . 
 `` you look black , '' i replied . 
 `` thank you . 
 that 's the look i was going for . '' 
 he held a hand out . 
 `` c'mon . 
 let 's dance . '' 
 i did n't move . 
 `` what were you going to show me ? '' 
 `` dance with me first . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` look , nik , i know you do n't like public scrutiny lately . 
 if you stand off to the side , all mopey and such , without a date , you 'll stick out like a nun at a strip club . '' 
 he leaned in . 
 `` trust me , i 've seen one . 
 a nun at a strip club , that is . 
 everyone was staring at her . '' 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 `` fine . 
 as long as we stay toward the back . '' 
 away from jack and jules . 
 cole led me to the floor and took me in his arms with smooth , graceful movements . 
 i do n't know why i was taken aback . 
 i 'd seen him dance with surprising finesse during his concerts . 
 i could n't look him in the face while we danced . 
 it was hard enough being that close to him without remembering how we used to be . 
 how separating from him in the everneath felt like being torn in two . 
 this was a bad idea . 
 `` i should n't have come , '' i said . 
 `` of course you should 've . 
 otherwise i 'd be fending off advances from mrs. stone . '' 
 he raised his eyebrows , but i did n't smile . 
 `` fine . 
 you need to be here to see the truth of the situation . 
 you do n't belong here . '' 
 i finally looked him in the eye . 
 `` i do n't belong here ? 
 what about you ? 
 you 're not human . 
 you ca n't even survive in my world without stolen energy , and yet you wo n't go home . 
 if one of us does n't belong here , it 's you . '' 
 he blinked a few times . 
 `` wow , nik . 
 going for the jugular , are n't you ? '' 
 he used the arm around my back to pull me tight against him , his eyes fierce . 
 `` you know why i stay here . 
 for you . '' 
 `` you say that a lot . '' 
 `` maybe eventually you 'll believe me . '' 
 `` i do n't know what to believe . '' 
 frustrated , he took in a deep breath , and as he did , i stepped closer , knowing that unless he focused on not stealing my emotions , he would naturally incorporate my top layers of pain . 
 i did n't plan to do it , but with his face so close , i could n't help it . 
 i did n't even know i 'd done it until it was too late . 
 i was weak for anything that would alleviate the pain of the surface . 
 as he breathed in , cole unexpectedly took a tiny layer of it away . 
 the moment he noticed , his eyes narrowed , and he froze midbreath . 
 `` that 's interesting . 
 you say you hate me , and yet you use me to stop hurting . '' 
 i stared down at my feet . 
 `` i did n't think you 'd care . 
 you do it all the time . 
 besides , it 's just a sign of how ... messed up i am . '' 
 he put his hand beneath my chin and urged me to look at him . 
 his face was earnest . 
 `` it 's okay , nik . 
 if it makes you feel better , if it means you 're close to me , i 'll do anything for you . '' 
 `` but it 's not real . '' 
 `` of course it is . 
 you feel it , do n't you ? '' 
 `` yes , '' i whispered . 
 right then cole 's name came over the speakers . 
 the lead singer of the angels was telling the crowd about their special guest star . 
 it shook me out of my trance , and i broke apart from cole and backed away from him . 
 by the time most of the audience had spotted him , i was twenty feet away . 
 but he was still looking at me . 
 from the middle of the crowd , jack turned and looked at cole too . 
 he had n't seen us together . 
 i was n't sure he even realized i was there . 
 `` do n't be shy , cole ! '' 
 the singer said . 
 he gestured to the students . 
 `` let 's help him out , guys . '' 
 the cheers became thunderous as cole slowly made his way to the stage , keeping his eyes on me . 
 just as he took the microphone in his hand , he mouthed a word . 
 watch . 
 he adjusted his microphone and then tilted it toward his face , and instantly his rock star persona was back . 
 `` this one 's for all you young lovers out there , '' he said . 
 the song he started playing was a departure from the usual dead elvises fare . 
 it was soft and slow . 
 just cole , his guitar , and a microphone . 
 i glanced toward jack and jules , their arms around each other , their feet barely moving . 
 cole 's voice was smooth like velvet when he wanted it to be . 
 he made sure i was looking and then pointed the end of his guitar toward the space above my head . 
 i looked up . 
 a strange purple fog had gathered there , almost like my own personal rain cloud . 
 i glanced back toward the stage , at cole . 
 he gave a tiny nod of encouragement and i frowned in confusion . 
 i had no idea what was happening . 
 he smiled and shook his head , as if he could n't believe i was n't getting whatever message he was trying to send . 
 he pointed his guitar purposefully toward a dancing couple near the stage . 
 juniors , i think they were . 
 as he focused in on them , a tiny pink cloud formed above their heads , which he then , using his guitar , directed through the air toward me . 
 he made his movements look like a simple stage act . 
 apparently no one else could see the colored clouds . 
 the pink cloud joined the larger purple one above my head . 
 my mouth dropped open in horror . 
 cole was skimming the emotions from the students and putting them right in front of me . 
 i closed my mouth and held my breath , determined not to taste any of it . 
 but i was a hypocrite . 
 what was the difference between stealing from others and tricking cole into stealing from me so i felt better ? 
 there was no higher ground here . 
 the purple cloud represented all the things i hated about myself now , and so i backed away slowly , holding my breath . 
 someone tapped my shoulder and i jumped . 
 will was at my side . 
 `` hey , nikki , '' he said with a grin . 
 `` i did n't mean to scare you . 
 i called your name . 
 what are you looking at ? '' 
 i looked back at the cloud . 
 it was gone . 
 `` nothing . 
 the decorations . '' 
 will scanned the room . 
 `` um , yeah . 
 lots of ... tinsel . '' 
 i stole a glance at cole , who had stopped singing . 
 he glanced at will , his face tight , and then looked down at his fingers while he riffed on his guitar . 
 `` you wan na dance ? '' 
 will asked . 
 `` sure , '' i said . 
 anything to get my mind off what had just happened . 
 will led me toward the dance floor . 
 he looked lucid , compared to the last time i 'd seen him . 
 `` what are you doing here , will ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i 'm a chaperone , believe it or not . '' 
 we snaked our way through the couples . 
 `` apparently they never found out it was me who spiked the punch here three years ago , '' he said with a shrug . 
 i noticed we were getting closer to jack and jules , and i tugged on will 's hand . 
 `` here 's good , right ? '' 
 but he did n't slow down until we were only a couple of feet away . 
 jack finally noticed me . 
 he watched as his brother put his hand on my back and grabbed my other hand . 
 i could n't tell what he was thinking . 
 seeing jack reminded me of all that was good and normal in this world , and it made the last ten minutes with cole seem even more despicable . 
 will kept a respectable space between us as we danced . 
 i noticed his eyes . 
 they were n't bloodshot tonight . 
 `` you look good , will , '' i said . 
 `` better than the last time you saw me , at least . '' 
 `` i was n't sure you 'd remember . '' 
 `` remembering is easy . 
 it 's forgetting that 's hard . '' 
 his face had the sort of look that made me wonder what he 'd been through the past year . 
 `` i have the opposite problem , '' i said , trying not to be aware of how close jack and jules were . 
 `` i have to work to graft certain things into my mind . 
 otherwise i lose them . '' 
 i thought about how much i had forgotten during the feed , how it was a continual effort to hold on to jack 's face . 
 i kept my eyes on will , but he seemed to know where my attention was , because he glanced over at jack and then back at me . 
 `` you know , having a good memory is sort of a family trait with the caputo brothers . '' 
 i felt the heat flood my cheeks . 
 `` jules , '' will said loudly over cole 's song , releasing my hand and holding his out toward my friend . 
 `` may i ? '' 
 jules looked at jack before answering . 
 i do n't know if she was looking for permission or a reaction , but he did n't say or do anything . 
 `` sure , will , '' she said . 
 she did n't look at me as she took will 's hand . 
 i turned to watch them as will led her farther toward the edge of the floor . 
 i felt several pairs of eyes on me . 
 cole 's gaze was almost physical . 
 he was frowning , and when i caught his eye , he looked down at his hands forming chords and strumming . 
 i could n't move . 
 then jack 's hand was on my shoulder , covering it like it used to . 
 i turned around . 
 `` how about it , becks ? '' 
 he said . 
 i nodded . 
 he took me in his arms and we started dancing . 
 his movements were n't as practiced as cole 's . 
 but they were perfect . 
 `` i did n't think you 'd be here , '' jack said . 
 `` neither did i. '' he did n't squeeze me close like he did last year . 
 in fact , at first he could hardly look at me . 
 he kept his eyes focused on a bunch of streamers in a corner of the farmhouse . 
 i peeked over his shoulder to where jules and will were dancing . 
 jules was watching us . 
 he took a deep breath and finally looked at my face , and his expression softened . 
 `` jules and i agreed to come here together . 
 months ago . '' 
 `` that 's great , '' i said . 
 `` i think you two are a great couple . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` we 're not together , becks . 
 we ... '' his voice trailed off , and he did n't finish the sentence . 
 even if they were n't together , there was obviously a strong connection between them . 
 `` whatever it is , i 'm glad you have each other . '' 
 he leaned his forehead down , so it was almost touching my own . 
 `` what am i going to do about you , becks ? 
 you 've got me all twisted inside . '' 
 he glanced down at my hand resting on his shoulder , and he seemed to get sidetracked . 
 `` we were here last year . '' 
 `` i remember , '' i said . 
 he leaned closer and whispered , `` where will we be next year ? '' 
 i could n't answer . 
 i knew exactly where i 'd be . 
 right then something changed in the room . 
 cole 's song had transformed from a soft lullaby to a harder , louder song . 
 the change was infinitesimal , but i was so familiar with cole 's music that i could pinpoint the fulcrum note upon which the two melodies balanced , just before the softer one gave way to the louder one . 
 raised voices from right next to us made me turn . 
 claire white and matt despain , who had been dancing nearby , were having a heated discussion . 
 they were still in each other 's arms , but their angry voices carried over the music . 
 the mood on the dance floor had changed , and somehow , i knew cole had something to do with it . 
 i turned back toward jack , and his face was different . 
 his lips pressed together in a tight line , and his back was ramrod straight . 
 whatever cole was doing to the air , it was affecting jack . 
 `` if you 're gon na leave , i wish you 'd just leave . '' 
 i flinched . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` why do you keep coming back if you 're not going to stay ? '' 
 the hand that held mine tightened its grip , and my fingers turned white . 
 `` because even when you 're gone , you 're never really gone . '' 
 i could feel his hot breath on my face . 
 `` whatever it is that 's got a pull on you-and taking you away-it 's strong . 
 stronger than any of us here . 
 i can tell . 
 and i wo n't get over it if you keep coming back . '' 
 i could n't believe what he was saying . 
 `` jack , i - '' `` no . 
 losing you once was hard enough . 
 and now you 're here again and everything 's coming back . 
 i 'm going to get screwed . 
 and i ca n't do it again . 
 and the people around me ca n't watch me do it again . '' 
 my eyes were burning , and i started blinking rapidly , so what happened next was a blur . 
 a few feet away from us , noah white , claire 's brother , struck matt despain , sending him flying into jack and throwing all three of us to the ground . 
 jack shoved matt aside and helped me up , and that 's when i noticed we were n't the only ones having a heated exchange . 
 noah stood over matt . 
 `` you 're not getting near my sister again . '' 
 he kicked matt before he walked away . 
 i 'd never known noah to be violent . 
 i wondered where the adult chaperones were , or any spectators for that matter , but the entire farmhouse was in an uproar . 
 couples yelling at each other . 
 girls stomping off the dance floor . 
 the punch bowl crashed to the floor and red juice splashed everywhere , running along the grains in the hardwood . 
 and above all the racket , cole 's song continued , the strings of his guitar screeching . 
 i whipped to face him . 
 cole 's face had drained of color , and his eyes were closed . 
 he staggered for a moment before he sank to one knee , as if he were about to faint . 
 by then half the people had filed out of the farmhouse , some still yelling insults at each other . 
 the others were gathering their things to go . 
 joy o'leary walked by me , stunned , one sleeve of her dress torn and hanging off her shoulder . 
 i turned around . 
 jack was ushering jules off the dance floor and out the door . 
 i was alone in the middle of it all . 
 in a matter of minutes , the farmhouse was almost cleared out . 
 a few of the chaperones were left , wandering the room and muttering questions about the strange turn of events . 
 the dance floor , which had looked magical only minutes before , now looked trashed and broken . 
 cole sat on the stage , his legs dangling over the side , his head in his hands . 
 i stomped over to him , and in a loud whisper i said , `` what the hell was that ? '' 
 he acted like he did n't hear me . 
 his back was trembling . 
 i lowered my voice . 
 `` answer me , cole . '' 
 nothing . 
 `` answer me ! '' 
 i shoved his shoulder , and he toppled over onto his side , his head cracking down on the wooden stage floor . 
 his eyes fluttered . 
 he did n't look good . 
 `` cole ! '' 
 i felt his forehead and cheek . 
 i was expecting a fever , but instead his cheek felt cold . 
 i slapped his cheek softly a few times , trying to rouse him . 
 `` i 'm sorry , nik , '' he mumbled , his words slurring together as if he 'd been drinking . 
 `` what happened ? 
 what 's wrong with you ? '' 
 he tried to turn his head away . 
 `` i do n't want to talk about it . '' 
 i forced his head toward me . 
 `` you do n't get off that easily . 
 somehow , i 'm pretty sure you were at the center of that big brawl . 
 tell me what happened . '' 
 `` sometimes ... '' he paused and squeezed his eyes shut . 
 `` sometimes our hearts ... crack a little . '' 
 he went quiet again . 
 a couple of sophomore girls had wandered back into the farmhouse and were hovering behind me . 
 one of them had cole 's cd in her hands . 
 `` can we get an autograph ? '' 
 the one with the cd asked me tentatively , as if i were cole 's handler . 
 cole moaned softly , closing his eyes again . 
 were these girls blind ? 
 i shifted so i was blocking their view of cole . 
 `` now 's obviously not a good time . '' 
 `` but - '' the same girl started forward . 
 `` you can go , '' i said more forcefully . 
 the girl frowned . 
 `` fine , '' she said . 
 she and her friend left in a huff . 
 i looked at cole . 
 `` your fans are idiots . '' 
 a weak smile played on his lips and quickly disappeared . 
 i spotted a tub of bottled water , and i grabbed one for cole and brought it to his mouth . 
 `` here . 
 drink . '' 
 he took a few sips , and it seemed to help . 
 he opened his eyes , and some color came back to his face . 
 `` talk , '' i said . 
 he sniffed and rolled onto his back , staring at the lights above the stage . 
 `` it 's not a big deal ... '' he paused and took a breath . 
 `` sometimes , when something hurts us , our hearts break a little-in a slightly more ... literal way than for humans . 
 our pain sort of spills out and onto anyone around us . 
 we call it a cracked heart . '' 
 i sat next to him and used the sleeve of my dress to wipe away some of the sweat on his forehead . 
 he was making it hard not to pity him . 
 `` why did it happen to you ? '' 
 he looked at me . 
 `` because you were dancing with jack . 
 and i know how that 's going to end . '' 
 `` how do you think it will end ? '' 
 i said quietly . 
 he frowned . 
 `` you know how . 
 anyone can see this . 
 when it comes to you and jack , there is no happy ending . 
 to expect otherwise is delusional . '' 
 he closed his eyes again , and i thought about leaving him here , but one of the chaperones came over to see if cole needed medical attention . 
 `` no , i 'm pretty sure he 's fine , '' i said . 
 cole nodded in agreement . 
 the chaperone , one of the gym teachers , whose name i did n't know , asked , `` you 'll make sure he gets home okay ? '' 
 i took a deep breath and looked at cole . 
 he was the cause of all my pain . 
 but maybe that was n't exactly true . 
 despite all the other factors that had contributed to my fate , in the end it was my decision that destroyed my life . 
 and all the hurt i was enduring now was my doing . 
 the blame rested solely with me . 
 `` yes , i 'll make sure . '' 
 when i dropped him off at his condo , i reminded him of the deal we 'd made-that he would never come to my house again . 
 he said he 'd keep his word . 
 as i drove home , i thought about what had happened , and came up with two conclusions . 
 first , cole was clearly trying to convince me he had feelings for me . 
 whether or not it was true , i did n't know . 
 but it was vital to him that i believe it . 
 second , even in total exhaustion , cole was telling me to stay away from jack . 
 he 'd caused the disaster at the dance just because i was dancing with jack . 
 but why ? 
 why was cole so freaked out about me being close to jack ? 
 did he really think jack could ever fall for me again ? 
 and so what if he did ? 
 that would n't change my fate . 
 i 'd still be stuck in the tunnels . 
 it would just make it harder for me . 
 not cole . 
 if it were anyone else , i 'd say he was jealous . 
 but that would mean cole had real feelings for me , and that was impossible . 
 i did n't know how to find out the truth to conclusion number one , but i had a plan for the second , and that was to do the one thing cole feared the most . 
 i parked the car in my driveway , went inside , said a quick good night to my dad so he would n't be worried , and then sneaked out through my bedroom window . 
 i 'd go to jack . 
 maybe i would n't tell him everything , but i 'd tell him enough for him to understand what was going on . 
 it would be a gamble , and it might drive jack further away , but i had to take the chance so i could incite a reaction out of cole by doing the one thing he 'd never expect . 
 eighteen now walking . 
 two months , one week left . 
 the freezing-cold air did n't make a dent in my resolve-my anxiety over what i was about to do was enough to keep me warm through and through . 
 jack 's house was only a few blocks away . 
 the white picket fence at the boltons ' house marked the exact middle point between our houses . 
 we knew because we 'd measured the distance one time when i was about eleven years old . 
 we both left our houses at the same time , and walked until we met up . 
 i ran my fingertips along the fence as i passed the halfway point . 
 jack always said it was n't perfectly halfway . 
 he claimed he walked faster , and so it was a longer distance from the bolton home to the caputos ' . 
 but when i reached jack 's house , it felt like no time had passed at all . 
 jack 's house , like most of the homes in our development , had a similar floor plan to mine-three bedrooms and two bathrooms on the main floor . 
 jack had the room on the corner , facing the street . 
 i hoped he had n't changed it since i 'd left . 
 i tiptoed through the bushes and put my hand up to the glass as i peeked in . 
 i caught just a glimpse before my breath fogged the view , but that was all i needed . 
 jack 's backpack was hanging on the doorknob of the closet . 
 he was in bed , asleep . 
 for a moment , i thought about turning back , but i did n't . 
 i held my breath as i tugged on the window . 
 it gave . 
 jack had one of those older windows that opened outward like a door . 
 the latch had been broken for years . 
 i slipped through . 
 jack shifted in his bed in the corner of the room , but he did n't wake . 
 i watched him sleeping for a minute . 
 i focused on his breathing . 
 the air leaving his body . 
 the soft fluttering of his eyelids as he dreamed . 
 his legs jerked a couple of times . 
 running . 
 i was pretty sure he was dreaming of running . 
 escaping something . 
 the panic rolled off his skin in waves . 
 i could taste it . 
 maybe i was just imagining his fear . 
 maybe i needed it to give me the okay to wake him . 
 i stayed as far away from his bed as his small room allowed . 
 if he did n't move when i said his name once , i 'd leave . 
 `` jack , '' i whispered . 
 he stirred and then rolled over , shaking off the sleep . 
 `` jack . '' 
 this time he shot into a sitting position , his hands flying to the nightstand where he kept his glasses . 
 he did n't turn the light on . 
 `` becks ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` that you ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` i 'm dreaming . '' 
 i could n't help but smile . 
 `` no . '' 
 for a person who 'd just discovered an intruder , jack did n't seem as surprised as he should have been . 
 he tilted his head . 
 `` i used to dream of you like this . 
 after you disappeared , it was like you came to my room every night ... '' his voice faded as he lowered his head and ran a hand through his hair . 
 `` stupid , '' he muttered , so quietly i could n't be sure he 'd said it . 
 then he reached over to his nightstand again and turned the clock to get a glance . 
 `` two thirty , '' he said . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 we were quiet for a few moments after that . 
 he did n't ask what i was doing there . 
 he did n't look upset . 
 he just waited . 
 if i was going to tell him anything , it would be in this room . 
 but now that i was here , i had no idea where to start . 
 how to begin . 
 i glanced around the room i used to know so well . 
 i recognized his clutter . 
 the picture on top of his dresser of jack as a ten-year-old , standing next to his grandpa . 
 behind them , a ranch house . 
 his grandpa had been one of the last of the old-west cowboys , a relic of the history of our town . 
 next to the picture was a painted rock from a grade-school art project . 
 jack had a real problem with throwing things away . 
 next to the rock sat a folded picture that looked like it had been crumpled up and refolded several times . 
 i pointed at it . 
 `` is that - '' `` your picture , '' he finished for me . 
 `` i showed it around when i used to look for you . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 above the desktop , on a shelf , were several books , most of which had zen in the title . 
 the one that did n't was called what the buddha taught . 
 i 'd never seen any of them before . 
 jack answered my unasked question . 
 `` they helped . 
 when things got really bad . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 he rubbed his eyes under his glasses , and then he opened the drawer in the nightstand and took something out , but i could n't tell what . 
 `` you deal , '' he said . 
 he tossed me the deck of cards . 
 they landed in my lap . 
 `` then when you 're ready to talk , talk . '' 
 jack slid out of his bed and walked over to the closet to get a sweatshirt . 
 his black t-shirt clung to his body and he was wearing cotton pants with the san francisco giants logo . 
 his favorite team . 
 once he 'd put the sweatshirt on , he sat on the floor across from me . 
 i 'd been watching him , holding my breath , so i had n't even taken the cards out of the box . 
 `` do i need to review how to shuffle ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i did n't answer . 
 i shook the cards out of their box , cut the deck , and then shuffled them back together . 
 he cut the deck again and i dealt . 
 i could n't count all the times we 'd done this before , from the time we were kids and my dad caught me in my backyard playing poker with jack and will under my trampoline . 
 jack had told him the losers would volunteer at the home for the elderly . 
 he knew my dad would go for that . 
 jack and i lost that day , and we kept our word . 
 it was the one game i remember him losing . 
 jack pulled a tin box full of old poker chips out from under his bed and gave us each a handful . 
 the same poker chips we 'd always played with . 
 red and black ones , from a casino in wendover . 
 he put a toothpick in his mouth to chew . 
 so jack . 
 `` do you remember - '' i started to say . 
 he watched me . 
 did n't say anything . 
 i wondered why he did n't press , then i realized he was waiting for me . 
 everything out of my mouth tonight would be offered on my own . 
 i fanned my cards out in my hand and put them in front of my face , grateful for the barrier to jack 's searching eyes . 
 i could do this . 
 i could do this . 
 `` i 've been gone a long time , '' i said . 
 `` longer than anyone knows . '' 
 i did n't know if it was the draft that made me shudder , or the sudden release of a burden of secrecy , even though jack could n't possibly guess the full meaning behind my admission . 
 he studied his cards , arranging their order . 
 `` how long ? '' 
 he asked . 
 my answer came out in a sigh . 
 `` years and years . 
 i know how it sounds . '' 
 but he did n't question me on the time discrepancy . 
 instead he asked , `` were you hurt ? '' 
 the sheer innocence of the question made me sad . 
 `` a little . '' 
 `` have you told anyone else ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i ... do n't know how ... really . '' 
 my voice started to waver , and i buried my face in my hands . 
 i shivered again , and he reached behind him to pull the top quilt off his bed . 
 the quilt his mother had made for him when he turned twelve . 
 he sat beside me and put the quilt over me . 
 `` shh . 
 it 's okay . 
 you 're okay now . 
 you do n't have to talk anymore . 
 just close your eyes . '' 
 i curled up on the floor , and he lay down next to me , staying on top of the quilt while i was under it . 
 he rubbed the back of my hand . 
 `` i 'm here , becks . 
 whatever it is you 're scared of , i 'm here . '' 
 i lost the ability to dream long ago . 
 dreams ca n't exist where so much energy has been taken away . 
 i had dreamed during my first few years-or maybe decades-in the everneath . 
 but as my own supply of energy dwindled , the dreams became shorter and shorter , until they disappeared completely . 
 along with all of my memories . 
 but that night with jack , i dreamed . 
 senseless dreams at first , as if my brain had been kick-started after a long winter in the garage . 
 no defined shapes , no awareness of location . 
 but then my dreams held meaning . 
 i dreamed i was thrown into a shallow grave , with layer upon layer of dirt piled on top of me , crushing my chest until my heart exploded . 
 but i could n't dream . 
 it was supposed to be impossible . 
 i jerked awake . 
 my face was so close to jack 's . 
 almost touching . 
 still asleep , jack tilted his head toward me , and his lips brushed against mine . 
 at that moment , i felt something rush through me , like a surge of power . 
 jack 's eyes opened wide . 
 i leaped back and we both froze . 
 `` whoa , '' he said . 
 `` were we ... ? '' 
 `` about to , '' i answered . 
 then i thought about how i was dreaming , even though i was n't supposed to be able to , and it hit me . 
 i 'd stolen energy from him . 
 when our lips were so close , i stole enough energy to feed , and that put me over the dream threshold . 
 i shot up and backed away until i was in the far corner of the room . 
 `` i 'm so sorry . 
 i never should have ... i should go . '' 
 `` no . 
 no more running away , becks . '' 
 he held his hands out in front of him , palms down . 
 his calm voice could n't mask his confusion . 
 `` what was that ? '' 
 `` um ... i 'm so sorry . '' 
 `` stop apologizing . 
 just talk . '' 
 `` okay , but you stay over there . '' 
 he nodded , as if he were n't even considering coming any closer to me . 
 `` i do n't know where to start . '' 
 i hugged my knees into my chest and rested my chin on top . 
 `` i think of the words i would have to use to explain everything , and i do n't believe them myself . '' 
 `` i 'll be straight with you . 
 up until that kiss , i thought it was drugs . 
 now i do n't know . 
 so try me . '' 
 i took a deep breath . 
 `` that kiss felt different ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` good different ? '' 
 he paused . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , jack . 
 i know exactly how you feel , because i felt it too my first time . '' 
 when cole fed off me . 
 i could n't believe i 'd just done the same thing to jack . 
 how did i let it come to this ? 
 `` your first time ? '' 
 he grabbed his glasses off the nightstand and wiped them with the sleeve of his shirt . 
 `` then start there . 
 tell me what happened . '' 
 `` i 'll try . 
 you remember leaving for football camp ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 jack rubbed his eyes with the palms of his hands and put his glasses on . 
 `` it was the last time i talked to you . 
 you were standing with cole . 
 is that when you started to hang out with him ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 going to concerts . 
 stuff like that . '' 
 i bit my lip . 
 `` look , i 'm just going to try to keep talking , and it may not make sense at first , but if i stop , i wo n't be able to start again . '' 
 jack nodded . 
 `` cole took me rafting one day , with the rest of the band . 
 they wanted to shoot the tube , and they invited me . '' 
 jack shook his head . 
 `` shooting the tube after the spring runoff ? '' 
 `` i know . 
 not the smartest move . '' 
 i squeezed my eyes shut for a moment . 
 `` we hit a rock and i fell out . '' 
 he drew in a sharp breath . 
 `` he never should have taken you . 
 you 're not big enough . 
 were you hurt ? '' 
 `` the current dragged me under , and as i kicked to the surface , my leg caught on a branch or rock or something . 
 i could n't get it free . 
 i practically had to rip my leg off to get to the surface again , and when i did i was bleeding . 
 a lot . '' 
 i closed my eyes , remembering strong hands pulling me to the bank of the river . 
 `` hang on , nik . 
 you 'll be okay , '' cole said . 
 `` keep talking . 
 what happened next ? '' 
 jack said . 
 i opened my eyes . 
 `` i was lying on the bank . 
 pressing on the gash . '' 
 red liquid had seeped between my fingers . 
 `` i can make it go away , '' cole said . 
 `` do you want me to take the pain away ? '' 
 jack placed his hand on my ankle and urged my leg straight . 
 he pushed the hem of my jeans up . 
 the raised skin of my scar twisted from my shin around to the back of my calf in a jagged line . 
 `` oh , '' jack said . 
 he lightly touched the scar and traced the line . 
 `` it 's deep . '' 
 i nodded and watched his hand on my leg , his callused fingers on my skin . 
 goose bumps appeared and i shivered . 
 `` are you cold ? '' 
 i shook my head and tucked my leg back in , pulling my jeans leg down in the process . 
 `` what happened next ? '' 
 `` cole said he could make it feel better . 
 and i let him . '' 
 last year the shore of the rapids . 
 one week before the feed . 
 the shivers were violent enough that my teeth bit into my tongue several times . 
 i could taste blood . 
 but i did n't care , because all i could think about was the pain in my leg . 
 it was so bad , i wondered if the leg was still attached , or if it had been ripped off and was floating down the river somewhere . 
 `` she 's in shock , '' a voice said above me . 
 `` my leg , '' i said . 
 speaking made me choke . 
 there had to be some river water down my throat . 
 i coughed , throwing up water . 
 strong hands helped turn me over , so i would n't puke lying on my back . 
 `` you 're okay , nik . '' 
 cole 's voice . 
 i needed someone to tell me if i still had my leg . 
 i tried to point to my leg , but my arms flailed about . 
 `` whoa . 
 settle down . '' 
 his voice was soothing . 
 `` you 're fine . '' 
 `` dude , it 's gushing blood . '' 
 `` shut it , gavin , '' cole growled . 
 `` take off your jacket . '' 
 i heard fabric tearing and felt pressure on my leg . 
 `` this might hurt a little , '' cole said . 
 then the real pain hit . 
 like a hot poker jabbing through the skin and muscle of my leg , burning as it tore its way to my bone . 
 i screamed . 
 i had to get away from the poker . 
 i thrashed and twisted , trying to free myself . 
 `` nik ! 
 stay still . '' 
 i screamed again and shook my head . 
 two hands clenched my shoulders , and i heard cole 's voice . 
 `` nik . 
 open your eyes . '' 
 i did . 
 cole 's face was inches from mine . 
 `` do you want me to take the pain away ? '' 
 `` cole ! '' 
 maxwell said from somewhere behind him . 
 cole kept his eyes on me , but he shook his head . 
 `` it 's not your decision , max . '' 
 `` but the exposure , '' max said . 
 `` enough ! '' 
 cole growled . 
 `` it 'll work out . '' 
 maxwell did n't say anything else . 
 i could barely keep my eyes open ; the pain in my leg was making everything else blurry , but cole would n't let me move . 
 `` do you , nik ? 
 do you want me to help with the pain ? '' 
 i nodded , keeping my mouth shut so i would n't scream again . 
 `` tell me . 
 tell me what you want . '' 
 `` please , '' i said , and then i gasped and tried to grab my leg , but cole had me pinned . 
 `` make it go away . '' 
 cole leaned even closer , and for a moment i thought he was going to kiss me , but i did n't have the presence of mind to turn away . 
 his lips did n't touch me , though . 
 he closed his eyes and sucked in a deep breath , and with that , the sharpest edges of the pain in my leg dissipated . 
 he took in several more deep breaths , and each one made the pain less and less , as if i 'd been bitten by a snake and he was sucking the venom out . 
 i could finally breathe without wincing , and when cole asked me if i was okay , all i could answer was , `` keep going . '' 
 now jack 's bedroom . 
 `` so , what , he had drugs or something ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` the drugs were just a rumor . 
 he ... '' i could n't finish . 
 putting it into words was harder than i thought it would be , and it was only a fraction of the whole story . 
 i wanted to give up . 
 `` tell me , becks . 
 just keep going . '' 
 `` he sort of kissed me , and he was right . 
 he took the pain away . '' 
 i skipped the part about the century underground . 
 i had to see how jack would react to this small piece of the puzzle . 
 `` and now i can sort of do the same thing . 
 but i do n't need to . 
 i can survive without it . '' 
 we sat in silence for a few minutes . 
 i could n't look jack in the face , even though it was dark in his room , so i looked out the window . 
 there were no stars tonight , or maybe the clouds were blocking all of them . 
 `` is this some sort of metaphor ? 
 are you messing with me ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` show me , '' jack said . 
 i jerked my head around to look at him . 
 `` show you what ? '' 
 `` kiss me . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 i did n't realize i 'd been holding my breath until i let it out . 
 `` i ca n't . '' 
 `` you have to . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 maybe it will help me understand . 
 if i had n't felt it before , i would n't have believed a word . 
 do it again , so i know it was n't all some weird dream . '' 
 i shook my head , but i could feel myself giving in . 
 i wanted to give in . 
 `` i wo n't kiss you . '' 
 `` but - '' i held my hand up . 
 `` i can show you without kissing you . 
 i think . '' 
 this seemed to satisfy him . 
 `` okay . '' 
 i thought about how much time i 'd been back . 
 how much i had replenished my soul . 
 it was nowhere near full , but there had to be enough that when i sampled jack , i would n't lose control . 
 jack made a move to close the distance between us . 
 `` do n't , '' i said . 
 he froze . 
 `` just stay still . '' 
 `` why are you so worried , becks ? '' 
 `` because we need to be able to stop . 
 it will feel good to you . 
 it 'll feel like suddenly everything you 're worried about disappears . '' 
 `` what will it feel like to you ? '' 
 like a starving person eating a feast . 
 but i did n't tell him that . 
 `` close your eyes and hold still . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 i scooted toward him and leaned forward , moving as slowly as possible . 
 jack remained perfectly still . 
 when my lips were a couple of inches away from his mouth , i breathed in . 
 and focused on taking the energy that was in front of me and pulling it inside . 
 it was as if warm , charged air were coating my throat , replacing the cold emptiness inside me . 
 his eyes popped open . 
 we watched each other for a few long seconds as i continued to taste his emotions . 
 residual pain , mostly . 
 heartache at first . 
 these were at the surface . 
 the negative ones always were . 
 that 's why forfeits kept coming back for more . 
 in the beginning , it felt like a release . 
 the well inside me received its first drops of moisture from someone else . 
 jack leaned in even closer , and i scrambled back until i was against the wall once more . 
 `` did you feel it ? '' 
 i asked . 
 jack pressed his lips together and nodded once . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i said . 
 `` i know this ca n't possibly make any sense to you . '' 
 he looked at the floor . 
 `` what are you , nikki ? '' 
 nikki ? 
 he had n't called me that for so long . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 i winced . 
 being truthful with jack was n't working . 
 i could feel it in the space between us . 
 i was losing him . 
 still looking down , he said , `` i think you should go now . '' 
 jack was scared of me . 
 i walked over to the window and climbed out . 
 nineteen now home . 
 two months , one week left . 
 when i got into my own bed , i dreamed i was standing in the aisle of the shop-n-go and my feet started to sink into the ground . 
 i tried to step out , but the floor was like quicksand . 
 i grabbed the stand with the chocolate doughnuts and it toppled onto me , pushing me even farther under . 
 and when i opened my mouth to scream , several arms came out of the floor , covered my mouth , and dragged me the rest of the way under . 
 the ability to dream again was highly overrated . 
 frantic knocking on my bedroom door woke me up after what seemed like only moments . 
 `` nikki ? '' 
 it was tommy 's voice . 
 `` nikki ? 
 are you awake ? '' 
 `` yeah , bud . 
 c'mon in . '' 
 tommy poked his head in , his brown hair scruffy with sleep . 
 `` you 're in the paper . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 i sat up in bed . 
 `` dad says you 're in the paper . 
 he 's kinda mad . '' 
 i threw the covers back and grabbed my robe on the way out of my room . 
 how in the world was i in the paper ? 
 my dad was sitting at the kitchen table , forking a breakfast ham . 
 he did n't look up . 
 `` dad ? 
 what 's going on ? '' 
 he pushed the paper over toward the empty chair across from him . 
 i sat down and scanned the headlines . 
 at the bottom of the front page , i found it . 
 mayor 's daughter at center of christmas dance brawl . 
 beneath the headline was a fuzzy picture of me just after jack and i had been knocked down . 
 it looked like it 'd been taken by a camera phone , and it looked ten times worse than it was . 
 i shoved the paper aside without reading further . 
 `` i did n't start it , dad . '' 
 he took a long sip from his mug of coffee , his eyes still focused on the paper . 
 `` it does n't matter , nikki . 
 what matters is how it looks . '' 
 `` but it 's not the truth . '' 
 `` have n't you learned anything ? 
 it 's not necessarily about the truth . 
 it 's about how people perceive a thing that makes it damaging . 
 what does it really matter where you were for six months , when people are going to think what they want to think ? 
 in the absence of proof , all that matters is perception . '' 
 he picked up the paper , and i realized this was about more than just the photo . 
 `` i ca n't fight this . 
 the article says i have no comment , because the only choice you 've given me is to hope that it goes away . 
 and in an election , nothing goes away . '' 
 `` but what i do should n't make a difference , '' i mumbled . 
 `` you know better than that . 
 tomorrow 's headlines will read something like , ` how can the mayor run the city when he ca n't even run his household ? ' 
 what am i supposed to do with you ? 
 do i have to hire a nanny for my seventeen-year-old daughter ? 
 do i have to stay home from the office ? 
 send you to a private school ? 
 tell me . '' 
 `` no , dad . 
 it wo n't happen again . '' 
 i got up to leave . 
 `` but it was n't my fault . '' 
 `` that may be true . 
 but pictures '' - he held up the paper - `` drown out everything else . 
 my denials will be like ... a whisper at a rock concert . 
 no one will hear it . '' 
 `` so you 're not mad about what really happened . '' 
 i smacked the paper on the table . 
 `` you 're just mad about the picture . '' 
 he stared at me and breathed through his nose . 
 `` you may have cost me the election . '' 
 he cut off a large chunk of ham and shoved it in his mouth . 
 `` maybe i should 've sent you to live with aunt grace . 
 or even to a boarding school . '' 
 i looked away . 
 `` mrs. ellingson is on her way over . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 time to pee in a cup . 
 at least i knew i could n't mess that up . 
 the next week passed in the flap of a bird 's wing . 
 jack was avoiding me , i still had n't seen mary , and i 'd damaged my dad 's bid for reelection . 
 all in all , not what i 'd intended for my return . 
 the chance to make things right with my dad came the last week of christmas vacation , when his latest campaign flyers arrived . 
 i promised him i would help distribute them . 
 the volunteers were to meet at campaign headquarters on apple blossom road . 
 today the sun was reflecting off the latest layer of snow in the town , making it seem a lot warmer than it actually was . 
 when i got to the office , my dad was at a desk near the back , talking to a tall man with thick dark hair . 
 he motioned me back . 
 i walked toward them and stood awkwardly while my dad finished his conversation . 
 the man was talking about labor unions . 
 he had an accent . 
 i hoped my dad would n't include me in the conversation , because he had a tendency to provide english-to-english translation for me . 
 as if i were too young to understand someone with an accent . 
 it was always embarrassing . 
 before my dad could speak to me , however , the front door rattled , and jack and jules walked in . 
 jack shoved his hands deep in his jacket pockets , as if to warm them . 
 he kept his eyes down . 
 my breath stopped in my chest . 
 we had n't spoken since that night in his room . 
 what are you , nikki ? 
 i shook my head , trying to clear the memory . 
 jules spotted me and waved . 
 i 'd started to walk toward them when percy jones , my dad 's campaign manager , called everyone to attention near the front door to organize the distribution of flyers and maps . 
 jack grabbed a stack and jules picked a route map , and then they came to me in the back . 
 `` hey , '' jules said . 
 jack kept his gaze on the wall with the posters and did n't look up when i said hi . 
 `` percy called me , '' jules said . 
 `` i guess i signed the volunteer list ... a while ago . '' 
 `` oh . 
 that 's nice of you . '' 
 we stood silent for a moment before jules held up the map she had gotten from percy . 
 `` we have the block north of maplehurst . 
 it 's big . 
 you want to come with us ? '' 
 i glanced at my dad , who was still talking to the man with the accent . 
 he caught my eye and waved me away . 
 `` sure , '' i said , turning back to them . 
 jules tilted her head toward the exit . 
 `` great . 
 let 's go . 
 jack , give us a few of those . '' 
 jack divvied up the pile . 
 his fingers brushed mine as he handed me several flyers , and then he handed jules the rest and shoved his hands in his pockets again . 
 we walked out into the cold , and i remembered something in my bag . 
 i reached inside and pulled out a pair of gloves i had knitted-with jack 's hands in mind-days ago , and held them out to him without a word . 
 jack stopped . 
 he looked at the gloves in my hand , then at my face , and his lips twitched a little bit before he reached out to take them . 
 he put them on . 
 they were a little big . 
 the fingertips of the one on his left hand flopped around a bit . 
 he looked like he was wearing two doilies . 
 i shrugged . 
 jules turned away and pretended to study the map . 
 she pointed up a hill . 
 `` we 're supposed to start this way . '' 
 the three of us started walking the map , jules in the middle . 
 after a few failed attempts at conversation , we stopped trying to talk altogether . 
 our route took us near the soup kitchen , and as we went by , the side door opened and christopher appeared . 
 he spotted me and waved , and i stopped . 
 `` hey , nikki . 
 how 's it going ? '' 
 he turned a key in the door to lock it , and then walked toward us . 
 jules and jack stopped too . 
 `` hi , '' i said . 
 `` we 're just delivering stuff . 
 for my dad . '' 
 christopher glanced at jules and jack and stuck his hand out toward jack . 
 `` i 'm christopher . 
 i work with nikki at the kitchen . '' 
 jack took his hand . 
 christopher stared at the homemade glove . 
 `` i 'm jack . 
 i did n't know she worked there . '' 
 christopher shook jules 's hand next . 
 `` yeah . 
 every saturday . 
 you know , we 're always looking for more help if either of you would like to do some good . '' 
 i smiled . 
 `` always recruiting . '' 
 `` always , '' christopher said . 
 `` i have openings saturdays - '' i interrupted christopher before he could go on . 
 `` oh , these guys have ... '' i stopped , not sure how to finish that sentence or why i 'd interrupted in the first place . 
 jules broke the silence . 
 `` thanks , christopher , but i work at the mall saturdays . '' 
 `` i 'd be happy to help , '' jack blurted out . 
 we all turned to look at jack . 
 `` wonderful , '' christopher said . 
 `` jack ... ? '' 
 he waited for jack to fill in the blank . 
 `` caputo . 
 jack caputo . '' 
 `` caputo ? 
 the quarterback ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` great . 
 when can you start ? '' 
 jack 's eyes flicked to me for a moment . 
 `` i 'll have to work out my schedule . '' 
 after we said good-bye to christopher , we walked for a long time in silence . 
 being together used to be as easy as breathing , but of course , everything changed when i got back , and it was never more evident than when all three of us were together . 
 for a moment , i mourned the loss of our simple friendship , and in that moment of grieving , i realized that jules and jack would be okay if i were gone for good . 
 they would probably be better than they were now . 
 twenty now mrs. stone 's class . 
 less than two months left . 
 the day with the flyers was excruciating , and i had no idea where it left me with jack . 
 when we returned to school after the holiday break , we were in a strange limbo . 
 he was n't avoiding me , but he was n't really talking to me , either . 
 finally , on friday i thought i could feel jack watching me from the adjacent seat , but i never turned to look . 
 mrs. stone lectured on euripides 's use of the greek chorus , and i let my mind wander until a small piece of paper landed on the corner of my desk . 
 it could only be from jack . 
 i grabbed it and brought it near my lap to unfold it . 
 becks-i 'm ready to know more . 
 meet you for lunch . 
 i kept my eyes on my paper and nodded . 
 maybe jack was n't ready to give up on me just yet . 
 when the hour finally came , i jogged down the hall toward my nook . 
 i turned the corner with a smile on my face , but it was n't jack waiting for me . 
 it was cole in his black-haired disguise . 
 when he saw me , he smiled . 
 `` hey , nik . 
 can we talk ? '' 
 i stood , frozen in place , staring at him . 
 my lunch sack fell to the floor , the yogurt inside making a splat . 
 `` here , let me get that . '' 
 he stooped and gathered up the mess , then lazily threw it across the hallway , where it arced perfectly into the garbage can . 
 `` no . '' 
 i answered finally . 
 `` we ca n't talk . '' 
 i looked behind me , wondering how soon jack would show up . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 `` today 's my first day . '' 
 cole smiled at my confused expression . 
 `` i told you i was starting school here . 
 everyone has a right to a public education . '' 
 a couple of sophomore girls walked past our nook , and as they caught sight of `` neal , '' they smiled and waved . 
 he winked in return , and the girls giggled as they walked off . 
 one of them looked at me over her shoulder and flipped her hair . 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 it did n't matter what form cole took ; he was still a magnet for girls . 
 he gave me a playful shrug . 
 `` sophomores . 
 they ca n't help it . '' 
 i folded my arms . 
 `` what do you want , cole ? '' 
 he patted the space next to him . 
 i did n't want to make a scene , so i sank to the ground and spoke softly . 
 `` please make it fast . 
 i do n't want jack to see you . '' 
 `` it does n't matter if jack sees me . '' 
 `` it matters to me . '' 
 he scoffed . 
 `` but it should n't . 
 why ca n't you see that nothing that happens on the surface means anything to you anymore ? 
 school , homework , friends , family ... the truth is , your stop here is as unimportant as an airport layover . '' 
 he let his finger trace a line over my shoulder , where my mark was hidden beneath my shirt , then drew a series of concentric circles , each one bigger than the last . 
 as he did , i could feel the shade bumping against my skin to meet his fingers . 
 `` it 's like one last dream before you 're forever awake . 
 because that 's all the surface life is , nik . 
 it 's just a dream for you . 
 it 's not real anymore . '' 
 just then a voice cut through the tension . 
 `` becks ? '' 
 i whipped my head up to see jack standing in the hallway , staring at cole and me . 
 i scrambled to my feet , at a loss for words . 
 jack had no way of knowing the boy next to me , the one he 'd fought on the field , was cole . 
 he just knew he was an old friend of mine . 
 jack looked from me to cole and back again , and seemed to make a conclusion , then a decision . 
 then he did the last thing i ever would have anticipated . 
 he took a deep breath and held out his hand . 
 `` we got off to a bad start , but you 're obviously a friend of becks 's . '' 
 cole stared at his hand , stumped . 
 he looked at me like , what the hell am i supposed to do with this ? 
 i 'd never seen him so baffled . 
 it was almost comical . 
 then the second-to-last thing that i ever would have anticipated happened . 
 cole took jack 's hand and shook it . 
 `` i 'm neal . '' 
 `` jack . '' 
 jack briefly glanced sideways at me . 
 `` i 'll try not to hit you again . '' 
 cole and jack , shaking hands . 
 i covered my eyes with my fingers , wondering when the world had officially tipped over onto its side . 
 when i lowered my hand , they were both looking at me . 
 i 'd had enough awkward . 
 `` let 's go , '' i said , tugging on jack 's arm . 
 cole frowned and looked away . 
 `` take care of our girl , '' he muttered sarcastically . 
 jack let me pull him away , keeping his eyes on `` neal '' until we had turned the corner . 
 he did n't say a word as we walked out of the school . 
 when we reached the front lawn , jack stopped . 
 he stood there for a moment looking straight ahead at nothing . 
 i stayed next to him and waited . 
 we were on shaky ground , and i did n't want to scare him again . 
 `` becks , are you ... '' his intake of breath was audible . 
 `` are you with that guy ? '' 
 `` no , '' i said firmly . 
 he turned toward me . 
 `` he 's been following you everywhere . 
 i saw the way he looked at you - '' `` no . '' 
 his face seemed to relax a little , which made him look tired . 
 `` then who is he ? '' 
 i hesitated . 
 this was not the conversation to have while standing in the doorway of our high school . 
 jack misread the pause . 
 `` becks , it 's okay if you 're with someone else . 
 i know we 're not together anymore . 
 but we ca n't be friends if you 're going to keep secrets from me . '' 
 `` i 'll tell you . 
 but not here . '' 
 a hint of a smile showed on his mouth . 
 `` name the place . '' 
 `` somewhere no one can hear . '' 
 he grabbed my hand and started pulling me . 
 `` how about that place by that tree where we went that one time ? '' 
 i smiled because i knew exactly where he was talking about . 
 a little shack of a coffee hut , hidden behind this giant oak tree that sat on the border of the city park . 
 somewhere only we knew . 
 `` now ? 
 but school . 
 classes . '' 
 `` school will be here tomorrow . 
 i 'm not as sure about you . '' 
 i followed jack to his car , and then he drove toward the coffee hut . 
 once in the car , i brought my feet up and hugged my knees , facing the window , aware of the pit in my stomach . 
 i was going to tell jack more of the story , but would he believe me ? 
 he 'd believed me the night of the dance . 
 but it had taken a kiss . 
 before we got there , jack 's phone vibrated with a text . 
 he flipped it open and shut it with a sigh , then turned the car around . 
 `` where are we going ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` just a quick stop . '' 
 jack pulled up in front of mulligan 's and put the car in park . 
 `` be right back . '' 
 he went inside , and a few moments later he came through the door with a staggering will . 
 he shoved his older brother into the backseat . 
 `` and we 're off , '' jack said . 
 he turned the car around again and drove straight to the coffee shop-the kona-and the three of us went inside , taking one of the four tiny booths . 
 will sat in the corner , facedown on the table , passed out , or maybe just in a deep sleep . 
 jack sat next to him . 
 i sat on the other side . 
 except for two guys at the small bar by the ordering window , the place was empty . 
 we did n't talk until the coffees came . 
 then jack said , `` so who was that guy ? '' 
 i glanced nervously at will . 
 `` it 's okay , '' jack said . 
 `` he wo n't hear a thing . 
 who was that guy ? '' 
 `` cole . '' 
 i let out a deep breath . 
 `` cole ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` he can , um , change his appearance . '' 
 `` what ? 
 how ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i just know that he can alter his appearance . 
 he can switch back and forth between what he looked like when he first came to town and this new disguise-neal . 
 everlivings do n't like to do it a lot because it takes up too much energy , and they do n't like to waste it , considering they have to steal it . 
 so they try not to use it . 
 but cole wanted to go to high school , and he ca n't do it as ... cole . '' 
 i buried my face in my hands . 
 `` i knew this would sound crazy . '' 
 `` just talk . 
 i 'll listen . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 i pushed my coffee aside , put my elbows on the table , and told him everything . 
 how the everlivings had found the secret to everlasting life by stealing human energy . 
 how every hundred years on the surface , they needed to go to the everneath and feed . 
 drain one human of energy almost completely . 
 one forfeit . 
 how i followed him down and stayed for a hundred years , even though only a few months had passed on the surface . 
 jack winced at this , and he looked like he was about to say something , but he remained quiet . 
 i told him about how cole wanted me to return with him . 
 i told him almost everything . 
 i did n't talk about what had happened just before i left with cole and i did n't tell him that the tunnels of the everneath were coming for me soon . 
 jack would freak out if he knew i was leaving again , and i did n't want to waste time trying to convince him it was hopeless . 
 i did n't tell him i 'd thought of him every day . 
 that even when every other memory had faded , he never left . 
 my chest relaxed , as if a band had snapped upon my telling the truth to someone . 
 eventually i had finished my coffee and my bizarre story , and someone else knew about the everneath , yet the world did n't implode . 
 `` you said cole steals energy , '' jack said . 
 i nodded . 
 `` he explained it to me once . 
 all of us are alive because of what amounts to a series of electrical impulses inside our bodies . 
 he steals the electricity . 
 but to the people he steals from , it feels like he 's draining them of emotions . '' 
 `` then why does it feel good ? '' 
 `` it only feels good at first . 
 because the top layer of electricity is made up of our negative emotions . 
 pain . 
 heartache . 
 suffering . '' 
 i looked down . 
 `` those are the first to go . '' 
 `` and then after - '' `` it takes a long time , but after that , the positive ones go . 
 joy . 
 contentment . 
 and then it just feels empty . '' 
 jack stirred his untouched coffee . 
 `` what about the mark ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` the mark that cole , or whatever his new name is , talked about that day he came to mrs. stone 's classroom . '' 
 jack had remembered . 
 great little tattoo on her shoulder that tastes faintly of charcoal , cole had said . 
 i reached up to the collar of my shirt and pulled it aside , exposing part of the black mark on my shoulder . 
 `` what does it mean ? '' 
 he asked . 
 it means there 's a shade inside me . 
 it means the clock is counting down . 
 i shrugged . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 it was there when i returned . '' 
 `` you do n't remember getting it ? '' 
 `` i do n't remember a lot of what happened in the everneath . 
 it feels like a dream , where you wake up and it all seems fuzzy . 
 but bits and pieces come to me at different times . 
 i was sort of semiconscious the whole time . '' 
 `` were there other people with you ? '' 
 i had n't thought about it until then . 
 `` i do n't remember anyone else specifically . 
 cole and i were in our own ... little cocoon , sort of . 
 but there were hundreds , maybe thousands , of other cocoons like ours . 
 and they all feed at the same time . 
 it 's an entire world under there . 
 a world of the everliving . 
 like an alternate universe , where they 've found the secret to living forever , but they have to steal from our universe to make it happen . 
 in fact , they have to make regular offerings to the other side . '' 
 i told him about the doorway i 'd discovered at the shop-n-go . 
 i did n't tell him about the hair cole had given me . 
 `` that night . 
 in my room ... '' jack began . 
 my cheeks went red as i remembered . 
 he took a breath and went on . 
 `` you could steal energy too . 
 does that mean you 're ... ? '' 
 `` an everliving ? 
 no . 
 every human takes a little and gives a little each day . 
 like how someone 's smile feels contagious ? 
 it really can be just on microscopic levels . 
 i happen to be ... more empty , i guess , than everyone else , so there 's a stronger vacuum in me . 
 when i recover all my emotions , it wo n't be so strong . 
 it 'll be like everyone else 's , and i wo n't have to do it anymore . '' 
 `` but part of you wants to ? '' 
 i smiled . 
 jack could always read me so well . 
 `` right now , yes . 
 i think that 's why cole is trying so hard to make me give up . 
 because i guess i 'm still weak . 
 but the longer i stay here , the stronger i get . '' 
 jack nodded and leaned back . 
 `` how come i 've never heard of anything like this before ? 
 i mean , how could they stay hidden ? 
 without anyone knowing ? '' 
 `` they have n't , exactly . '' 
 when jack tilted his head , i went on . 
 `` half truths have been told for centuries . 
 myths about the underworld . '' 
 `` the underworld . 
 like hell ? 
 like hades ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` only cole calls him osiris . 
 and it has nothing to do with hell , or the afterlife . 
 the everneath is for the everliving . '' 
 i paused and ran my finger along the rim of my coffee cup . 
 will twitched a bit from his position of head-on-table . 
 `` i 've been to hell , '' he mumbled , releasing a little string of drool from the corner of his mouth to the table . 
 `` i totally know what you mean . '' 
 he turned his head so he was facing the wall , sighed loudly , and seemed to be asleep again . 
 jack shook his head . 
 `` i ca n't believe we 're having this conversation . '' 
 he ran his hand through his hair , and a part of it stuck straight up . 
 i wanted to reach over and fix it . 
 `` i mean , i thought you were getting high . '' 
 `` i know . 
 everyone did . 
 they still do . '' 
 `` but i should 've known better . '' 
 the owner dropped off two more full mugs of coffee , and this time jack started sipping . 
 after a moment , he said , `` what do we do about cole ? 
 ca n't we ... expose him or something ? '' 
 immediately after he asked the question , he shook his head . 
 `` they 'd never believe us . '' 
 `` jack , i 've messed up enough of your life . 
 there 's nothing you can do about cole . 
 i 'll handle him . 
 you do n't have to - '' `` enough , becks . 
 this is what friends do . 
 before we got together , we were friends , remember ? 
 the friendship is still there , is n't it ? '' 
 i did n't say anything for a moment . 
 it was so much more than friendship on my side . 
 despite everything , i 'd never stopped loving him . 
 `` is n't it , becks ? 
 i mean , you did n't completely forget about me in the everneath , did you ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 was n't it obvious on my face ? 
 that he was the only thing i remembered ? 
 my memories of jack should 've been etched on my skin by now , for all the world to see . 
 `` okay . 
 friends talk . 
 friends help each other . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` friends do n't eat friends ' souls . '' 
 i smiled . 
 `` got it . '' 
 `` can i ask you something else ? '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 `` why did you finally decide to tell me the truth ? '' 
 i traced my finger along the lip of my coffee mug . 
 `` it 's probably nothing , but cole seems anxious to keep me away from you in particular . 
 i wanted to see how he 'd react , and maybe that would give me an idea as to why . '' 
 he grimaced . 
 `` i have an idea . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` he 's in love with you . '' 
 i wrinkled my forehead . 
 `` no he 's not . 
 he 's not capable . '' 
 jack leaned forward . 
 `` trust me , becks . 
 i know exactly what loving you looks like on a person . 
 and he loves you . '' 
 my face went warm and i looked away . 
 if only jack were talking about now , and not before . 
 i shook my head . 
 `` there has to be something more to it . '' 
 jack put his chin on the palm of his hand . 
 `` well , let 's find out . '' 
 `` how ? '' 
 he raised his eyes to meet mine , a shy little smile on his face , so different from his usual confident grin . 
 `` we 'll spend time together . 
 and let cole know it . '' 
 i lowered my eyes as butterflies swirled all around in my stomach . 
 he pulled out his wallet and put a five-dollar bill on the table . 
 `` c'mon . 
 we can make it back for seventh if we leave now . 
 i 've got calculus . '' 
 twenty-one now school . 
 one month , three weeks left . 
 the silence on the ride back to school felt like a warm blanket , now that so many secrets had been shared between the two of us . 
 we got to school in time for last period . 
 when i walked into the art studio , cole-wearing his neal disguise-was standing in front of the easel next to mine . 
 `` cole , '' i said , stopping a few feet away . 
 cole gave me a smile and raised his eyebrows . 
 `` it 's neal , actually . 
 nikki , right ? '' 
 i did n't answer , and turned to my canvas . 
 mr. tanner told the class to quiet down and start sketching . 
 i put my pencil up to the canvas , but i could n't concentrate on anything except the fact that cole was suddenly in my art class . 
 a couple of girls on the other side of cole whispered back and forth , shooting him curious stares . 
 he had a smirk on his face that told me he knew he was the center of attention . 
 `` boy , drawing is so hard , '' he muttered loudly . 
 one of the girls leaned toward him and said , `` i could help you with that , neal . '' 
 i rolled my eyes and watched the clock anxiously for the rest of the hour . 
 my canvas remained empty . 
 as soon as the bell rang , i shot out the door . 
 cole trailed after me , whistling one of the dead elvises ' songs . 
 as we approached my locker , i could see jack waiting , leaning against the locker next to mine , his thumbs hooked in his pockets . 
 cole put his arm around my shoulders . 
 i let him . 
 `` afternoon , caputo , '' cole said . 
 jack 's face remained a cool mask . 
 `` hello , cole . 
 becks . '' 
 cole froze at jack 's casual use of his real name . 
 his arm dropped from my shoulders . 
 i could n't help but smile . 
 jack looked at me . 
 `` i 'll see you in mrs. stone 's room , becks . 
 you 're coming , right ? 
 mythology paper ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 just before he sauntered away , jack winked at me and slapped cole hard on the shoulder . 
 `` see you around , neal . '' 
 i did n't look at cole as i shifted my bag higher up on my shoulder . 
 i was having a hard time acting as casual as jack . 
 i said , `` well , see you later . '' 
 he grabbed my elbow . 
 `` you told him ? '' 
 the anger in his voice was evident . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` and he believed you ? '' 
 i looked up . 
 `` yes . '' 
 cole narrowed his eyes . 
 `` you told him everything ? '' 
 uh-oh . 
 `` yes , '' i lied . 
 cole studied my face for a moment , and i yanked my arm free . 
 `` i have to go . '' 
 i turned and started to walk away , but before i took three steps cole called out from behind me . 
 `` he does n't know about you leaving , does he . '' 
 it was a statement , not a question . 
 i tried not to falter as i ignored him and continued down the hall . 
 `` i 'm right , are n't i ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` you do n't want him to know ! '' 
 i could n't shake the chill as i rounded the corner . 
 there was no way i was ready for jack to know the truth about the tunnels coming for me . 
 i heard loud footsteps behind me as cole ran to catch up . 
 `` wait , nik . 
 please hear me out . '' 
 i turned to face him . 
 `` how can you trust jack ? '' 
 he had to be kidding . 
 i sighed and turned , but he grabbed my shoulder . 
 `` nik , you know what he did to you , '' cole said softly . 
 `` you know what you saw at the dorm . 
 the night you decided to go under with me . '' 
 i closed my eyes . 
 `` are you sure you 're betting on the right guy ? 
 i would never hurt you like that . '' 
 i shook his hand off my shoulder , realizing for the first time just how much cole may have contributed to my fall . 
 i 'd seen at the christmas dance how cole could influence people 's moods . 
 `` stop pretending you had nothing to do with my decision . 
 i know what you can do . '' 
 i remembered how cole 's breath had washed over me on my front porch right before i 'd left for jack 's dorm . 
 i was sure now he had the ability to influence my emotions . 
 `` you made me doubt him . '' 
 last year two days before the feed . 
 i never thought i would care whether or not the man who was driving the car that struck and killed my mother was convicted of manslaughter . 
 my mother was still dead . 
 verdict or no verdict . 
 but the day the jury came back with their decision , i realized how wrong i 'd been . 
 i heard the news at school . 
 kevin reid was going free . 
 case dismissed on a technicality . 
 the blood-alcohol test had been tampered with . 
 i left school early , and when i got home , i could hear my father 's voice coming from the bedroom . 
 he was on the phone . 
 i was about to call his name , but then i heard what he was saying . '' 
 ... our official response is that we have faith in the legal system we have been given and will accept the outcome our system produces . '' 
 he was quiet for a minute . 
 i did n't realize i was frozen in place in the hallway . 
 his bedroom door was open a crack , and so i pushed it open further . 
 my dad turned to look at me , smiled , blinked his eyes , and nodded his head . 
 i knew that look . 
 it was the practiced look of sympathy he would pull when questioning a victim in front of a jury . 
 he held up a finger as he continued his end of the conversation . 
 `` we have no plans to appeal . 
 at this point , the only way my family will move forward is if we forgive - '' i threw my backpack at him . 
 without warning . 
 it hit him in the face before i even realized it 'd left my hands . 
 he looked at me with a stunned expression , and for a moment the only sound in the room came from my heavy breathing . 
 how could he talk about forgiveness ? 
 `` lem me call you back , phil . 
 ` kay ? '' 
 he did n't wait for phil 's response ; he just snapped his phone shut . 
 `` nikki ? 
 what the hell was that all about ? '' 
 `` reid ! '' 
 i could n't think of anything else to say . 
 `` he got off , nikki . 
 you knew this was a possibility . '' 
 i knew it . 
 but nobody believed it would actually happen . 
 `` there 's got to be something we can do . 
 he ca n't get away with it . '' 
 my dad sighed and sat on the edge of his bed , patting the spot beside him . 
 `` sit down , nikki . '' 
 `` i 'm fine , '' i said . 
 `` who were you talking to on the phone just now ? '' 
 `` phil at the trib . '' 
 `` he 's going to run it in the paper ? 
 that we forgive him ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` nikki , the entire town has been affected by this whole thing because of my position as mayor . 
 it needs to be known that we trust in the legal system . 
 and with the election coming up ... '' his voice trailed off . 
 i could n't believe what he was saying . 
 `` i get it . 
 you look good if you lie . '' 
 he stood up and walked toward me , his hand outstretched . 
 `` nikki . 
 your mother would 've wanted us to stand together . 
 we 'll never heal until we forgive . '' 
 i slapped his hand away . 
 `` you do n't know what she would 've wanted . 
 you 'd have to actually be here to know her . '' 
 he winced , but i could n't stop myself . 
 `` good luck sleeping tonight . '' 
 i left him standing there , looking at the hand i 'd slapped . 
 he did n't call after me . 
 i did n't know where to go . 
 jules was in vancouver with her family for spring break . 
 besides , jack was really the only person who would understand . 
 i did n't give myself a chance to change my mind . 
 i grabbed my keys and headed out the door , almost running into cole on the porch . 
 `` whoa , nik . 
 you okay ? '' 
 his brow creased in concern . 
 `` cole . '' 
 i brushed the tears off my cheeks . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 he held up the t-shirt he 'd been carrying . 
 `` wanted to show you the latest design , but it looks like now 's not a good time . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , but i have to go . 
 i have to see jack . '' 
 i started past him , but he grabbed my arm . 
 `` wait . 
 can i do anything ? '' 
 `` no . 
 thanks . 
 but i need to go . '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 he put both hands on my shoulders and pulled me toward him so we were face-to-face . 
 `` drive safely , okay ? '' 
 i nodded , unable to think clearly with him so close . 
 `` umm ... thanks . 
 i 'll see you later , okay ? '' 
 he released my arms and then i jumped in my car , trying to ignore the sudden niggling feeling in the back of my mind that it might not be a good idea to crash jack 's football camp unannounced . 
 i pushed the thought aside . 
 once the engine started , i blasted music and began the hour-long drive to the dorms at utah state university . 
 by the time i got to logan , my ears were ringing . 
 i had to admit my resolve was shaken a little , but not enough to convince me to turn around and go back . 
 i was n't sure what jack would tell me . 
 who he would side with . 
 he 'd been the one who always tried to talk to me about reid 's trial , but i never wanted to . 
 now that i knew reid was free to go home to his wife and kids and heal his fractured family , while we were all left broken ... i could n't take it . 
 i drove to henley hall . 
 i did n't know where jack was staying , beyond the name of the dormitory that housed the team year after year . 
 the thought of burying my head in jack 's chest , his arms wrapped around my waist , kept me from searching for a legal parking space . 
 i pulled into the handicapped spot closest to the building . 
 who cared if i got a ticket ? 
 it would go on my dad 's insurance . 
 a storm was brewing , and tiny little ice flakes danced in the bitter wind . 
 my long-sleeved tee offered no protection , and the ten seconds it took me to sprint to the bottom doors were painful with the cold . 
 i threw the door open and darted inside , running into the broad shoulders of brent paxton . 
 linebacker . 
 in charge of protecting his quarterback . 
 `` hey ! 
 nikki ? 
 what are you doing here ? '' 
 he seemed anxious about my being there , and i remembered this was a boys-only dorm . 
 but i did n't care . 
 `` where 's jack ? '' 
 i started for the stairs behind brent , ready to search the building . 
 brent stepped in front of me . 
 `` you 're not supposed to be here . '' 
 `` look , i know i 'm breaking rules . '' 
 my voice cracked and i could feel my eyes getting wetter . 
 `` but i need jack . 
 where is he ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 he was n't looking me in the eye . 
 ky wilson came bounding down the stairs at that moment . 
 `` did i hear someone of the female persuasion ... oh , hey , nikki . '' 
 i did n't bother with pleasantries . 
 `` where 's jack ? '' 
 `` offense up . 
 defense down . '' 
 he thumbed in the direction behind him . 
 brent cleared his throat behind me and caught ky 's eye . 
 `` what ? '' 
 ky asked . 
 i did n't stick around to hear ky get in trouble for helping the girlfriend . 
 i took the steps two at a time . 
 on the second floor , a couple of players were hanging out in the hallway . 
 and a few cheerleaders . 
 most of the doors were open . 
 i asked the first person i saw . 
 a freshman . 
 i did n't know his name . 
 `` jack caputo 's room . 
 where is it ? '' 
 `` there , '' he said , pointing down the hall . 
 `` two thirty-seven . '' 
 `` thanks . '' 
 so close . 
 so close . 
 i walked as fast as i could , ignoring the many stares . 
 settle down , everyone . 
 i was n't trying to crash the cool kids ' party . 
 i just wanted my boyfriend . 
 i stopped outside 237 , and suddenly i did n't know what to do . 
 knock ? 
 throw the door open ? 
 that same uneasy feeling gnawed at my insides . 
 i decided to knock . 
 there were probably two to a room , and i did n't want to walk in on a half-naked player . 
 i raised my fist to knock , but then i saw the handle turn . 
 the door slowly creaked open . 
 it was dark inside the room . 
 a figure appeared , with her back to the hallway , her long dark hair reaching almost to the waistband of her silk shorts . 
 i knew that hair . 
 it belonged to lacey greene . 
 she tiptoed backward out of the room , as if she were trying not to disturb whoever was inside . 
 i had to step aside so she would n't back into me . 
 she turned the handle as she closed the door , so it would n't make a click . 
 the hallway had gotten very quiet . 
 lacey turned around , and when she saw me right in front of her , she let out a tiny yelp . 
 then she smiled . 
 how was it that girls like lacey could recover their composure so quickly ? 
 `` jack 's room ? '' 
 i whispered . 
 her smile grew wider . 
 things in the hallway stopped making sense . 
 the walls became distorted and lacey seemed very tall at that moment . 
 taller than i ever remembered , even though she was barefoot . 
 i looked down at her perfectly manicured toes . 
 `` the carpet 's dirty . '' 
 she giggled as if i had lost it . 
 `` well , is n't this awkward ? '' 
 she whispered . 
 i 'd felt humiliation and rage in my life before , but never at the levels i was feeling now . 
 all i knew was that there was this awful secret everyone was in on . 
 everyone but me . 
 i should 've seen it coming . 
 i did see it coming . 
 i ran out of the building as fast as i could and fumbled with the keys . 
 i was in such a hurry that i slipped on a patch of black ice just in front of my car and went careening into the front bumper , smacking my arm hard . 
 that was all i needed to squeeze the first tears out . 
 i scrambled inside the car . 
 the ignition coughed and sputtered momentarily , and i thought it would be just my luck to be stranded here , but it finally started . 
 the windshield wipers swiped back and forth , carrying a small red envelope across my windshield . 
 a parking ticket , i was sure . 
 i leaned my forehead against the steering wheel and sobbed . 
 i hated everyone . 
 i had nothing . 
 no one anymore . 
 a flickering light from the building caught my eye , and i glanced up at the source . 
 it was coming from the second floor , where a light was turning off and on . 
 jack was standing in front of the window , shirtless , waving both arms at me , and when he saw i had looked up , he held his hands out , palms toward the outside , and mouthed the words do n't go . 
 stay . 
 he did n't move . 
 he was waiting for me to answer . 
 i nodded and he disappeared . 
 there was a chance talking to jack would make me feel better . 
 but there was a better chance whatever he had to say would make everything worse . 
 crush me . 
 i threw the car into reverse and peeled out of the parking lot . 
 i did n't check my rearview mirror . 
 there was one person who i knew could make me feel better . 
 all i had to do was find him and ask . 
 cole would take the pain away . 
 as i climbed the outside stairs to the second floor , i could hear music coming from cole 's condo . 
 it was so loud , i almost expected the door to vibrate with the beat . 
 i did n't have to knock . 
 the door swung open and meredith jenkins looked out at me . 
 apparently , she was back early from cheerleading camp . 
 `` nikki . 
 what are you doing here ? '' 
 `` i 'm looking for cole , '' i said , but i could n't hear my voice above the music . 
 she leaned closer . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` i said i 'm looking for cole . '' 
 she shifted in the doorway . 
 `` it 's not a good time , nikki . 
 why do n't you go home and i 'll give him a message ? '' 
 she started to close the door , not waiting for an answer . 
 at that point , i was n't sure i could see straight enough to even drive my car . 
 i put my hand on the door . 
 `` it wo n't take long . '' 
 she looked at my hand . 
 `` i do n't know if he 's still here . '' 
 `` could you please check ? '' 
 i let go of the door and hugged my arms into my chest , rubbing them . 
 `` please ? '' 
 `` wait here , '' she said , and she closed the door . 
 i thought about turning around and walking away . 
 there was a party going on and it was obvious i was n't welcome . 
 but what would i be going home to ? 
 the pain in my chest would only get worse . 
 even now it was scraping at my lungs , threatening to tear apart my insides . 
 i turned around and clutched my stomach . 
 `` nik ? '' 
 cole 's voice came from behind me . 
 i composed my face and turned toward him . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 he asked , and then he looked closer at my face . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 `` nothing , i just ... '' my voice caught , and i knew another word would bring on the tears . 
 he watched me as i tried to calm myself . 
 `` i just needed ... someone . '' 
 he glanced over his shoulder at the party and then faced me again . 
 `` where 's jules ? '' 
 `` never mind . 
 i 've obviously interrupted something . '' 
 i turned around to leave , but he grabbed my arm . 
 `` wait . '' 
 he sighed . 
 `` tell me what 's going on . '' 
 i looked at the wooden slats . 
 he was quiet for a moment , and i started picking at the sleeve of my t-shirt . 
 `` you 're hurting , '' he finally said . 
 i nodded without looking up . 
 `` and you want me to take the pain away . '' 
 i raised my head . 
 `` i ca n't breathe , it hurts so much . 
 can you do that thing that you did on the river ? 
 whatever it was ? '' 
 `` it 's dangerous , nik . '' 
 `` i do n't care . '' 
 `` you wo n't be able to stop me , and eventually you wo n't feel anything anymore . '' 
 `` i 'm tired of feeling . '' 
 he was quiet for a moment . 
 he raised a hand to my cheek . 
 `` you have so much raw emotion in you . 
 you 're young . 
 everything is so fresh . '' 
 `` what does that mean ? '' 
 `` it means you do n't know what you 're doing . '' 
 he looked away from me , out toward the night sky , and it seemed like he was n't talking to me anymore . 
 he was n't talking to anybody . 
 `` it was an experiment . 
 it was n't supposed to work . '' 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 he put his elbows on the balcony and dropped his head down . 
 he was quiet for a long moment . 
 the only sounds came from his deep breaths in and out . 
 something big seemed to be happening for him . 
 finally , he spoke . 
 `` you should go home . '' 
 i sniffed . 
 home . 
 where my mother was gone . 
 where i could n't look at my father . 
 where jack could find me and tell me in person that he 'd found someone else . 
 `` i ca n't go home . '' 
 i do n't know if it was something in my voice , but he finally looked at me . 
 `` nik , you 're killing me . '' 
 i sensed he was close to caving in . 
 i put my hand on his arm and he let me turn him toward me . 
 `` please . '' 
 he grimaced . 
 `` i ca n't say no to you . 
 and that 's going to be a problem . '' 
 `` but you 'll help me ? '' 
 `` i 'll take the pain away , '' he corrected . 
 `` if you want me to . 
 but once i do , there 's no going back . 
 do you understand ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 he took my hand and pulled me into his apartment . 
 the place was filled with the strangest assortment of people i 'd ever seen . 
 meredith , who 'd been oddly cold , watched me and called out to cole , `` feeding off naivete now ? '' 
 `` go find max , meredith . 
 he 'll take care of you , '' cole said . 
 `` you 're not going to find the answer with her . '' 
 `` the other way is n't working either . '' 
 she shrugged , then we snaked through the crowd as cole led me down a hallway to one of the bedrooms and shut the door behind us . 
 when he turned to face me , i could already feel the thinnest layer of pressure slipping away , and that overwhelming feeling of paranoia and rage and insecurity-the three strangers that had taken residence inside me-whooshed out of me like a deflating balloon , and instantly i realized i should 've stayed and heard jack out . 
 i knew him . 
 i 'd memorized the architecture of his soul , and right then i knew he 'd never do anything to hurt me . 
 `` i have to go back . '' 
 i tried to move , but my muscles would n't obey my mind . 
 `` there 's no going back , '' cole said . 
 i 'd come here because cole had the bizarre ability to take away pain , but now that i was thinking more clearly , i wondered if he also had the ability to force other emotions on me . 
 cole had been there every time i 'd felt most insecure about jack . 
 the day he was leaving for football camp . 
 the night of cole 's concert at the dead goat saloon , when i could n't stop thinking about lacey . 
 `` did you do this ? '' 
 i asked him . 
 `` do what ? '' 
 `` make this whole thing happen ? '' 
 `` i ca n't force people to do something they do n't want to do . '' 
 he looked down for a moment . 
 `` you just tasted a little bit of my own doubts about jack . '' 
 he looked back up , and started draining my pain away at an alarming rate , and i felt woozy and lightheaded . 
 `` i have to go back . 
 i have to talk to jack ... '' `` relax , nik . 
 soon you wo n't even remember his name . '' 
 twenty-two now home , at night . 
 one month left . 
 my dreams of the tunnels became more frequent , and more intense . 
 one night , i dreamed jack and i were at opposite ends of a hallway at school . 
 i walked toward him , reaching out , but my feet became heavier and heavier with each step . 
 the floor transformed into tar , and before i could call out to jack , it engulfed me in darkness . 
 i woke up with a start . 
 why had i ever missed being able to dream ? 
 my clock said it was just after two in the morning . 
 i was about to turn back over when i heard a noise . 
 i froze , listening . 
 a soft voice was coming from outside my room , so i got out of bed and followed the sound out to the hallway and toward my father 's room . 
 his door was closed , but i could hear his voice inside , talking to someone . 
 i tiptoed closer and leaned my ear against the door . '' 
 ... you would know . 
 it 's just not working . 
 do i try to be harder on her , and risk losing her again ? 
 or do i go soft ? 
 treat her like an adult ... and risk losing her again . '' 
 he was quiet for a moment . 
 who on earth would he be talking to at two a.m. ? 
 about me ? 
 `` you would know what to do ... '' he said . 
 `` you always did . 
 you could talk to her about everything and she would actually talk to you , too . '' 
 i held my breath . 
 `` anyway , i wanted to catch you up on everything ... i miss you . '' 
 then he was quiet . 
 there was no beep of the phone disconnecting . 
 no slamming of the receiver . 
 my dad was n't on the phone . 
 he was talking to my mom , searching for guidance about me . 
 he really did believe she was above us , watching and listening . 
 i crept back to my room . 
 i wished i believed my mom were out there somewhere , and that i could talk to her like my dad did . 
 i wished i could talk to my dad like i had talked to my mom , but we never had that kind of relationship . 
 not because of anything either of us was doing . 
 sometimes the closeness is n't there . 
 it did n't mean i loved him any less . 
 or he , me . 
 i had been so horrible to him when i 'd left with cole . 
 if i could n't get out of the tunnels , at least this time i would leave him in a good place , without any doubt that i loved him . 
 the days were slipping through my fingers . 
 i knew i needed to tell jack the truth about me leaving again , if only to take away that little bit of power cole held . 
 but it had to be the right time . 
 after cole realized jack knew who he really was , he started showing up in more and more places , shadowing us in the halls of the school , always in the parking lot when i was pulling out . 
 the band played concerts almost every night , and they were hard to avoid . 
 even when cole was n't around , traces of him followed me everywhere . 
 he was angry i 'd confided in jack . 
 it was obvious . 
 but i still did n't know why . 
 true to his word , jack arranged his schedule so he could volunteer at the soup kitchen . 
 when he showed up , christopher put him to work in the serving line . 
 he wore a plastic glove and grabbed handfuls of lettuce for the salad . 
 `` you 're here , '' i said . 
 `` where else would i be ? '' 
 i smiled . 
 except for a little small talk , we worked side by side in silence . 
 i was aware of how close he stood by me , his arm almost touching mine . 
 occasionally i glanced at him in the side of my vision . 
 i studied the length of his eyelashes , the curve of his lips , and i would forget to ladle the soup . 
 i think he was just as aware of me , too . 
 when i was n't looking at him , i felt him looking at me . 
 we went on like this until mary showed up at my serving station . 
 she nodded at me and stared at jack . 
 `` mary , this is jack . '' 
 i ladled a bowl of steaming vegetable soup . 
 `` he 's a new volunteer . '' 
 she did n't take the bowl , so i leaned over the counter to put it on her tray for her . 
 jack smiled at her and held out a fistful of lettuce . 
 `` salad ? '' 
 mary shook her head , still looking at jack quizzically . 
 `` did you forgive her ? '' 
 i looked at her with a start . 
 jack dropped his salad back in the bucket . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` did you forgive nikki ? '' 
 `` umm , mary , i do n't think you - '' i started , but jack interrupted me . 
 `` no , it 's okay . 
 what do you mean , mary ? '' 
 he spoke slowly . 
 `` did i forgive nikki for what ? '' 
 mary frowned and reached under the separation glass and touched jack 's gloved hand . 
 `` did you forgive her for leaving you ? '' 
 jack 's lower lip sank , and his eyebrows lifted . 
 he looked like he was about to speak , but no words came out of his open mouth . 
 mary leaned even closer and whispered , `` i have a theory . 
 a theory about anchors . '' 
 `` oh , '' jack finally said , his forehead now creased with confusion . 
 `` anchors . '' 
 the people in line behind mary shifted impatiently . 
 `` um , mary , you 're holding up the line , '' i said . 
 mary looked at me as i continued . 
 `` why do n't you go grab a table , and i 'll eat with you . '' 
 the tension slipped from her face . 
 `` okay . 
 but hurry . 
 my tee time 's at one . '' 
 she started down the line again . 
 jack 's hand still rested in the lettuce , so i nudged him with my elbow , and he seemed to restart . 
 `` do n't worry about her , '' i said . 
 `` she gets confused easily . '' 
 `` that was n't confusion . '' 
 jack kept his eyes on my face as he served the salad . 
 `` it was like she knew me . 
 knew us . 
 did you talk to her about us ? '' 
 `` of course not . 
 she also knows about anchors , apparently . 
 and she 's late for her tee time . 
 none of it makes sense . '' 
 we did n't talk much for the rest of the lunch rush . 
 when enough people had cleared out , i said to jack , `` do you want to help me clean up ? '' 
 jack looked at me and smiled as if nothing sounded better . 
 `` yep . '' 
 `` okay , so the brooms are this way . '' 
 i pointed toward the closet near the bathrooms . 
 jack nodded and followed me to the broom closet . 
 he grabbed a mop and bucket . 
 i slammed the closet door behind me , but the cuff of my shirt caught on the doorknob and yanked the sleeve . 
 `` whoops . '' 
 i unhooked the snag and pulled my shirt back into place . 
 `` once a klutz ... '' i held my broom with one hand , the dustpan with the other . 
 `` we 'll start in the corner over there and work our way back . 
 okay ? '' 
 but jack just looked at me , puzzled . 
 `` jack ? 
 what 's wrong ? '' 
 he was n't looking at my face . 
 he was staring at my shoulder . 
 when my shirt had gotten caught , it had slipped out of place , revealing part of my mark for a split second . 
 it now reached from my collarbone to the edge of my shoulder . 
 `` it 's getting bigger . '' 
 i shoved my shirt even farther up to the base of my neck and tried to keep my voice calm . 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 before he could answer , i turned and started clearing off a table , but then jack 's hand clamped on my shoulder and he yanked me around . 
 `` do n't tell me you have n't noticed . '' 
 i shrugged his hand off . 
 `` okay , yeah , it 's growing a little . '' 
 `` that 's not a little , becks . 
 it 's covering your entire shoulder . 
 what is it ? '' 
 i sighed . 
 `` i told you . 
 it 's just something that appeared when i was ... gone . 
 it 's nothing . 
 i ca n't even feel it . '' 
 `` why is it growing ? 
 regular tattoos do n't grow . '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 maybe it will go back down , or go away someday . '' 
 he paused . 
 `` should n't you see a doctor ... ? 
 do n't give me that look , becks . '' 
 `` i think you know a doctor ca n't help . '' 
 he took two tentative steps toward me , closing the distance between us . 
 he took the broom out of my hand and leaned it against the wall , then he reached up and pushed my shirt aside , exposing the mark all the way to the end of my shoulder . 
 his fingers were rough and callused against my neck and shoulders , but they were soft , too . 
 `` up close , it does n't look quite like a tattoo . '' 
 `` how would you know ? '' 
 one corner of his lip pulled up into a sort of smile and he pushed his own sleeve back , exposing his right forearm . 
 black markings covered the inside , just underneath the crease of his elbow . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 he ignored my question . 
 `` my tattoo looks like ink on skin , whereas yours '' - he focused once again on my own mark - `` does n't . 
 your skin does n't feel different , '' he said , looking closer , tracing the edge of the mark . 
 i could feel his breath . 
 i smelled the sweet and rustic scent of his aftershave . 
 `` it 's almost like the black color is coming from beneath your skin , not from the skin itself . 
 and it ca n't be a burn , because the skin is n't distorted in any way . '' 
 `` no . 
 it 's not , '' i whispered . 
 `` and it 's not raised , like a scar would be ... becks ? 
 are you okay ? 
 did i say something wrong ? '' 
 i realized i was straining my head away from him and squeezing my eyes shut . 
 i opened them and found jack studying my face . 
 i wanted him more than anything . 
 `` no . 
 i 'm fine . 
 i was just ... thinking . '' 
 he cracked a smile . 
 `` does thinking hurt you these days ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 i took a step back . 
 he could n't possibly guess what the mark meant , but i was n't going to take the chance . 
 jack watched me carefully . 
 i kept backing up , dragging my hand along the wall as i did . 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 he ca n't know . 
 i ca n't do this to him . 
 `` i have somewhere ... something to do . 
 christopher can clean up by himself . '' 
 `` becks ? '' 
 he held his hands out , palms down . 
 `` you can leave too , i 'm sure . 
 you 've already done so much . 
 and thanks ... for helping out today , okay ? '' 
 `` you 're running . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 i had reached the swinging doors that led to the hallway and out to the parking lot . 
 `` it 's late . 
 i have to go . 
 i 'll see you later . '' 
 before he could protest , i slipped out the door and started a slow jog toward my car . 
 but i stopped when i saw that cole , as his blond self , was leaning against the side of the rabbit , like he knew the exact moment i would be rushing out to the car . 
 `` hi , honey . 
 how was work ? '' 
 he grinned . 
 i ignored him and dug around for the car keys in my purse , keeping my eyes on him . 
 when i had them in my hand , i started walking toward the car again . 
 i held the car key out , pointed and ready . 
 cole eyed the key . 
 `` uh-oh . 
 is that key loaded ? '' 
 `` i 'm in a hurry . '' 
 i made it to the car , but cole held his ground in front of the driver 's - side door . 
 `` that 's nice that jack wants to feed the dregs of society . 
 he 's here now , is n't he ? '' 
 `` how did you know ? '' 
 his eyes narrowed in a sly way . 
 `` jules came to me . 
 crying . 
 she said jack could n't stay away from you . 
 she asked me to take the pain away . 
 begged me to take the pain away . 
 said she wants to stop feeling . '' 
 for the just briefest moment , i believed him , and i hated myself for hurting someone else , especially jules . 
 he knew i was vulnerable where she was concerned . 
 she was my friend , and cole knew i had come back for my friends and family . 
 `` jules does n't even know you . '' 
 `` maybe not formally . 
 but she is hurting . 
 all i needed to do was taste her pain at the little scented-candle stand at the mall today to know that jack was with you . 
 you know she works at the scentsy candle shop on saturdays . '' 
 `` they 're not together . 
 jack does n't feel that way about her . '' 
 `` but he could . '' 
 he tilted his head . 
 `` maybe if you had n't returned , they 'd be a couple . 
 can you really do this to your best friend ? '' 
 it was n't my fault they were n't together . 
 at least , that 's what i tried to believe . 
 `` i ca n't help it if jack still has feelings for me , '' i said . 
 it was the first blatant lie i 'd told cole in reference to jack . 
 i had no idea how jack felt about me anymore . 
 cole looked at the soup kitchen , then back at me . 
 `` if that 's true , why is n't he with you ? 
 leaving with you ? '' 
 `` because ... '' my voice dropped off . 
 `` he had to clean up . '' 
 cole 's lip pulled up . 
 `` he 'd rather clean for free than be with you ? 
 ouch . '' 
 `` just move , '' i said . 
 `` becks ! '' 
 jack jogged casually until he reached me , not even sparing one glance at cole . 
 he put both hands on my arms and pulled me toward him . 
 `` sorry i took so long in there . 
 i could n't remember where you told me to put the mops . '' 
 he put an arm around me protectively and drew me close , away from cole . 
 `` wow . 
 you two seem to be right as rain again , '' cole said from beside us . 
 i could hear the undercurrent of rage beneath his voice . 
 `` i hate to interrupt this sudden case of the touchy-feelies , but with the three of us standing here , it almost feels like that spring day so long ago . 
 almost as if jack had n't left for camp . 
 almost as if jack had nothing to do with you going under , nik . '' 
 jack winced , but he kept his eyes on me . 
 `` you should 've seen her . 
 did you know that when she left your dorm that night , she came straight to me ? 
 begged to go with me . 
 barely able to breathe for the pain . '' 
 he enunciated each word . 
 i studied jack 's face and shook my head . 
 jack dropped his arm from my shoulders . 
 `` you never let me explain . 
 i ran to you , but you drove off . 
 you did n't trust me . '' 
 there was silence for a few long moments . 
 `` would either of you care to know my opinion ? '' 
 cole said . 
 `` shut up , '' we replied at the same time . 
 cole shrugged . 
 `` you know where to find me . '' 
 he turned and walked across the parking lot to the sidewalk that led around the corner of the post office . 
 i watched him until he disappeared , then i faced jack again . 
 jack roughly ran both of his hands through his hair . 
 `` this is a mess . '' 
 it sounded like he was talking to himself , not to me . 
 `` i know how it looked , but you should 've let me explain . 
 i hated you for leaving . '' 
 he looked up at the sky . 
 `` i hated you . '' 
 jack took a step backward , away from me , and as he did , a voice called out to us . 
 `` do n't let him drive you apart ! '' 
 we both turned toward the sound . 
 mary was sitting on a bench under the shelter of the bus stop . 
 i had n't noticed her before . 
 she 'd been watching us . 
 she stood and came over . 
 `` that 's what he wants . 
 he 's scared of anchors . 
 i told you i have a theory about anchors . '' 
 anchors again . 
 i sighed . 
 `` okay , mary . 
 are you waiting for a bus ? 
 do you need me to give you a ride somewhere ? '' 
 jack had n't moved beside me . 
 he seemed to be taking her way more seriously than i was . 
 mary spoke to jack . 
 `` it 's happened before . 
 and he does n't want it to happen again . '' 
 `` who does n't ? '' 
 jack asked . 
 i put my hand on his arm . 
 `` jack , she does n't know what she 's - '' `` cole , '' mary interrupted . 
 my breath caught in my throat . 
 she knew his name . 
 `` what ? '' 
 she did n't answer me . 
 she shook her head . 
 `` i 've said too much . '' 
 one of the free city buses rounded the corner , its brakes squeaking as it headed for the bus stop . 
 `` i have to go . '' 
 mary turned toward the bus and waved to the driver . 
 `` wait , mary . 
 you ca n't go , '' i said . 
 `` how do you know cole ? '' 
 i grabbed her arm , but she yanked it free and ran for the bus with the energy of a twenty-year-old , not an eighty-year-old . 
 `` mary , please ! '' 
 i called after her , but it was too late . 
 mary stepped onto the bus , and gave us a small wave and a crazy smile as the doors closed . 
 `` what was that ? '' 
 jack asked with a stunned expression . 
 `` i do n't know , '' i said , dazed . 
 `` she seems to know cole . '' 
 `` then we ca n't let her go . '' 
 `` but the bus - '' `` it 's the free shuttle . 
 it goes to prospector square next . '' 
 he took my keys out of my hand . 
 `` we might beat it if i drive . '' 
 jack drove like a madman , navigating the back roads and running stop signs . 
 we pulled to a stop right in front of the shuttle sign . 
 `` did we pass it ? '' 
 we watched in the rearview mirror , waiting ... hoping the bus would appear . 
 if mary was spooked , there was a chance she would n't return to the soup kitchen . 
 we had to find her now . 
 `` please , '' i said under my breath . 
 jack grabbed my hand . 
 finally , the white shuttle rounded the corner . 
 jack cut the ignition , and we waited by the stop . 
 when we got on , mary popped out of her seat and started to back up to the end of the bus . 
 we followed her and kept our voices low . 
 `` it 's okay , mary , '' jack said . 
 `` we just want to talk . '' 
 mary sat in the last row . 
 we 'd physically cornered her . 
 her hands were shaking , so i sat next to her and took one of her hands and held it in my lap . 
 `` please , mary . 
 you said you knew cole . '' 
 mary 's lower lip trembled . 
 `` it 's because you were n't a daughter . 
 that 's why he wanted you . 
 you were an experiment . '' 
 `` what do you mean , i was n't a daughter ? '' 
 then it hit me . 
 `` wait . 
 you 're talking about the daughters of persephone , are n't you ? 
 you really did ask that girl about finding the daughters of persephone . '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` i was lost when i returned . 
 i thought they could help me find my mom . '' 
 she started rocking back and forth . 
 jack was sitting in the row in front of us , listening intently . 
 `` it 's going to be okay , mary . 
 who are the daughters of persephone ? '' 
 the rocking continued . 
 `` we 're raised to be forfeits . 
 to have no attachments . 
 to have nothing to leave behind . 
 we prepare our daughters to be chosen for the feed . '' 
 at this , she put her head in her hands and started moaning . 
 some of the passengers in the back started to look . 
 `` shh , mary . '' 
 i squeezed her hand and wondered how much more information we 'd get out of her . 
 `` please keep going . '' 
 she took a few deep breaths . 
 `` for thousands of years , they 've chosen forfeits from the daughters . 
 but none of them survived . 
 that 's why cole tried someone else . 
 someone who was n't a daughter . '' 
 `` me , '' i whispered . 
 she nodded . 
 `` mary , was your daughter a forfeit ? '' 
 she shook her head slowly , and let go of my hand to pull aside the collar of her shirt . 
 there , on her neck , was a black mark . 
 exactly like mine . 
 my mouth dropped open . 
 `` you were there ? '' 
 i could barely get the words out . 
 `` but you 're ... older . 
 cole said they only take young forfeits . '' 
 mary watched as i tried to put the pieces together . 
 `` you must 've found a way to escape . 
 but the last feed was a hundred surface years ago . 
 how old are you ? '' 
 `` i told you , nikki . 
 you were n't listening . 
 nobody listens to me . '' 
 her hands were shaking again , but this time i did n't think i was in any position to comfort her . 
 i thought back to that first day i met mary-the day she threw her plate to the floor . 
 `` you 're seventeen . 
 you 're my age . '' 
 she looked at me with an expression that was lucid for a moment as she waited for me to figure it out . 
 `` you were there , in the feed , at the same time as me , '' i said . 
 my age . 
 from park city . 
 could she be the same girl who 'd introduced me to cole in the first place ? 
 `` you 're meredith . '' 
 her face crumbled , and she started rocking and moaning again . 
 `` do n't say that name . 
 meredith 's gone . 
 look at me . 
 brittle bones . 
 skin like paper . 
 i do n't know who or where i am . 
 meredith did n't survive . 
 not like you did . '' 
 i put my hand on her back to comfort her , but she threw herself against the wall as if i 'd hit her . 
 `` leave me alone ! '' 
 she screamed . 
 now everyone , including the bus driver , was looking at us . 
 `` everything okay back there ? '' 
 he said over the speaker . 
 jack answered . 
 `` we 're fine . 
 we 're getting off at the next stop . '' 
 mary 's cries were getting louder and louder , and so jack and i made our way to the back exit of the bus to show her we were n't going to hurt her anymore . 
 when the bus pulled over and the doors opened , i gave one last look at mary . 
 she suddenly had a peaceful expression on her face , and right before i stepped down , she called out , `` remember orpheus , jack ! 
 he was strong ! '' 
 through the open door , she tossed me an object , which i reflexively caught . 
 the door started to close and the bus pulled away . 
 i looked at the object . 
 it was her silver bracelet . 
 twenty-three now the side of the street . 
 one month left . 
 i held the bracelet out to jack . 
 `` she wore it a couple of times to the shelter . 
 she said it was a family heirloom or something . '' 
 he fingered the bracelet in my palm , turning it over a few times before shaking his head in confusion . 
 `` i do n't get it . 
 that was meredith jenkins ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` how is it possible ? 
 she 's old . 
 and crazy . 
 i thought meredith jenkins moved away with her dad . '' 
 it hit me that jack would n't have known meredith was maxwell 's forfeit . 
 the move was probably the story her mom told people to explain meredith 's absence . 
 i filled jack in . 
 `` i guess i know what cole means when he says i survived like no one else . '' 
 the bus made its climb up the street and then turned right at the top . 
 `` poor meredith . '' 
 i shoved the bracelet in my jacket pocket , unsure if mary - meredith-had even meant to give it to me . 
 she 'd seemed so protective of it at the soup kitchen . 
 `` they all end up like that ? '' 
 jack said . 
 `` all the forfeits ? '' 
 `` the ones who do n't survive do . '' 
 `` why did n't you ? '' 
 i shook my head slowly . 
 `` that 's the question , is n't it ? '' 
 `` that 's why cole wants you , '' jack said . 
 i did n't reply , but the same thought had crossed my mind . 
 `` mary said something about you having an anchor . '' 
 oh yeah . 
 i had n't been paying attention because i 'd thought they were the ramblings of a senile old woman . 
 `` i do n't know what that means . '' 
 i thought about all the things i did n't know . 
 all the unanswered questions . 
 and i started to tremble . 
 jack held me tight against him . 
 `` it 's okay , becks . 
 we 'll find out . 
 starting with that orpheus story . '' 
 `` i know the story . '' 
 the bus had dropped us off at least a couple of miles from where we 'd picked it up , and so we began the walk home , and on the way i told jack what i knew about orpheus and eurydice . 
 my car . 
 the parking lot . 
 we ended up back in the parking lot of the soup kitchen , sitting in my car and trying to make sense of everything . 
 i 'd told him the same story about orpheus that mrs. stone had told me . 
 how orpheus had saved eurydice , but she still got sucked back under . 
 `` but sometimes the myths get parts wrong . '' 
 `` so , this eurydice went to the underworld , and then , what , orpheus went there too and rescued her ? 
 what is that supposed to mean ? '' 
 i tried to lay the story out in my head . 
 eurydice went to the everneath , as i had . 
 like me , she did n't age . 
 maybe her everliving wanted her to go back to the high court too , but instead eurydice chose the tunnels . 
 she was sucked back in . 
 maybe when mary said orpheus was strong , she meant he was strong enough to lose eurydice to the tunnels rather than watch her turn into an everliving herself . 
 i did n't tell any of this to jack . 
 i could n't . 
 not yet . 
 he still did n't know the tunnels were coming for me . 
 jack 's phone rang right then . 
 he looked at the screen . 
 `` will . '' 
 he started to put it back in his pocket , but i stopped him . 
 `` go ahead . 
 he probably needs you . '' 
 jack pressed the button that would send will to voice mail , and he took my face in his hands . 
 `` we have a plan , becks . 
 we have time . 
 we 'll do as much research as we can , find out more about orpheus and the daughters of persephone , and then we 'll be here next saturday . 
 and we 'll know what questions to ask mary . '' 
 i nodded . 
 now was the time to tell jack about the mark and its meaning . 
 we watched each other 's faces , and the moment hung perched above us at the tipping point , waiting for me to spill the truth , and i did n't . 
 jack walked toward his car , and i told myself the moment would still be there when i saw him again . 
 but as i watched him drive away , the front end of his car still twisted from the wreck , i knew that there were no perfect moments left . 
 when jack found out the truth , it would be too late . 
 jack came over that night , so we could research the daughters of persephone . 
 we did n't know where to start other than google , and the search produced just two results . 
 the first was a bluegrass music band by the same name . 
 two older women who looked comfortable in overalls and who i imagined had chewed on their fair share of stalks of wheatgrass . 
 reading further , we discovered their mom 's name was actually persephone . 
 their website did n't even mention anything about a myth . 
 it was a dead end . 
 the second showed a little more promise . 
 but only a very little . 
 it was a microfiche article about a missing newspaper reporter from 1982 . 
 the article did n't mention the daughters of persephone until the second-to-last paragraph , when the editor in chief said that the missing reporter had been working on an expose of several cults , one of which was called the daughters of persephone . 
 `` what do you think it means ? '' 
 i asked jack . 
 he shrugged . 
 `` if there 's only one article out there that might have to do with the real daughters of persephone , it means they keep their tracks hidden . '' 
 `` you do n't think the reporter 's disappearance had anything to do with ... '' i trailed off , thinking about the possibilities . 
 i typed the reporter 's name and hometown into the search engine , but no other articles about her came up . 
 jack pressed his lips together in a grim sort of way . 
 `` i would n't put anything past cole , or anyone like him . '' 
 we also started digging deeper into the orpheus myth , but further research turned up only slightly varying accounts of the same story mrs. stone had told me months ago . 
 if there was something there , i was n't seeing it . 
 maybe we 'd have to find mary . 
 press her for more information . 
 a few days passed , and jules showed up at my locker . 
 we had n't spoken since that day handing out flyers . 
 `` hey , '' i said . 
 she smiled , but it did n't look like a smile . 
 `` you wan na go to the ray and grab a coffee ? 
 or are you still working with mrs. stone after school ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i 'm caught up enough now . 
 i could go . '' 
 she let out a breath of air . 
 `` great . 
 i 'll drive . '' 
 the ray was about halfway up main street . 
 jules did n't say much on the way . 
 when we got there , several booths were filled with other students from school and the air was thick with the smell of coffee , and french toast and eggs cooking . 
 the ray was famous for its french toast , which was as thick as a brick and made out of coffee cake . 
 i followed jules to a couple of stools at the bar and we ordered lattes . 
 as the waitress walked away , jules turned to me and said , `` i 'm sorry things are so different now . 
 that day with the flyers ... that was painful . '' 
 i did n't know what to say . 
 `` i miss my friend , '' she said . 
 `` i miss being able to talk about anything with you , and knowing you 'd take it to the grave . 
 i do n't have that anymore . 
 i ca n't talk to my mom-you remember her , she never understands anything . 
 and talking to a boy just is n't the same as talking to my girl . '' 
 i smiled at that . 
 `` i miss it too , '' i said . 
 the waitress returned with our steaming lattes , and we spent the rest of the time talking . 
 not about jack , and not about where i 'd been , but about regular high school stuff , and eventually we fell into our old conversation patterns . 
 i loved it . 
 to be with my old friend , slurping coffee and forgetting about life . 
 for a little while . 
 jules dropped me off at my car in the school parking lot , and i waved to her as she blew me a kiss . 
 nothing had really been resolved over our lattes , but fixing problems had n't been the point , i do n't think . 
 my dad was in the kitchen reading the paper when i got home . 
 his hair looked like he 'd been running his fingers through it . 
 `` everything okay , dad ? '' 
 i went to the fridge to get us both juice . 
 he grunted . 
 `` apparently i 'm not hip enough for a resort town . '' 
 he shook his head and folded the paper back and kept reading . 
 `` the paper says that ? '' 
 `` it 's an op-ed piece . 
 i 'm - quote - ` old-fashioned and holding the town back . ' '' 
 `` back from what ? '' 
 he shrugged and put the paper down . 
 `` world domination ? 
 i do n't know . 
 should i plug earphones in my ears and walk around looking at my ipod like all the kids do ? 
 would that make a difference ? '' 
 `` ignore it , dad . '' 
 i poured him a cup of orange juice and set it in front of him . 
 `` you 're perfect for this town . '' 
 he rubbed his face in his hands . 
 `` thanks , nik . '' 
 and then he looked at me as if noticing me for the first time in a long time . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 i wanted to stay that way for a few moments longer . 
 me and my dad . 
 looking at each other . 
 seeing each other . 
 grafting this moment . 
 look at me , dad . 
 too soon , he turned back to his paper and the moment was gone . 
 saturday morning was crisp and blue . 
 the rest of the state was suffering from the effects of an inversion in the weather , which made the air thick with gunk , but park city was above all that . 
 closer to heaven , we used to say . 
 i showed up at the soup kitchen an hour early , and just as i swung my car into an empty spot , jack 's car pulled alongside . 
 he gave me a knowing grin . 
 neither of us could wait to talk to mary . 
 i unlocked my doors , and he got out of his car and slid into the passenger seat of mine . 
 `` looks like we both had the same idea . '' 
 we waited with the heat on , watching for mary . 
 people started to gather near the soup kitchen door , waiting for it to open , but we still did n't see her . 
 `` maybe we should just go inside , '' i said . 
 `` she 'll be here . '' 
 jack and i went in , and christopher put us to work at our stations . 
 neither of us spoke . 
 i dripped and sloshed the soup a couple of times because i could n't keep my eyes off the entrance . 
 we served up hundreds of trays . 
 she never showed . 
 christopher had n't seen her all week . 
 after the last straggler made his way down the counter , jack started to clear the dining room while i went to the closet and gathered the mopping supplies . 
 he stacked one chair on top of another with more force than was necessary , the clanging metal providing the sound track for his frustration . 
 `` there has to be someone else who knows about this stuff , '' jack said . 
 i grimaced . 
 `` i 'm sure there is . 
 but how would we find them ? 
 the internet search did n't turn up - '' `` wait , '' jack interrupted , pausing with a chair two feet off the ground . 
 he set it back down . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` meredith said the daughters of persephone are raised to have no attachments to the surface . '' 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 he tilted his head at me as if i should 've seen it . 
 `` so who raised her to believe that ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 her ... mom , '' i said as it finally hit me what jack was getting at . 
 jack was smiling and nodding . 
 `` i 've met mrs. jenkins before . 
 meredith used to live on the same street as ky. . 
 it was obviously a lie that meredith moved away . 
 what if her mom is still there ? '' 
 i could n't answer . 
 `` i say we pay mrs. jenkins a visit . '' 
 jack grabbed another chair and flipped it over on top of the table . 
 `` maybe she knows how we can get cole to leave you alone . '' 
 twenty-four now jack 's car . 
 three weeks left . 
 after we were finished with our shift at the soup kitchen , jack drove us to a rustic ski cottage at the base of the mountain . 
 we stood on the porch for a few moments before knocking . 
 `` what if she really did move ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` she lives here , '' jack said with confidence . 
 `` what if she does n't talk to us ? '' 
 `` she 'll talk . '' 
 `` what if - '' `` look , becks . 
 you want to find a way to get cole to leave you alone , right ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` okay , then . 
 we 're doing this . '' 
 i took in a breath and knocked on the door . 
 a few moments went by , and then a woman opened up . 
 the same woman i 'd seen at the soup kitchen , eating lunch with meredith . 
 she was business casual , as if she were about to leave for work at a museum . 
 she wore a red silk scarf around her neck , and her hair was in a tight bun . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 she said . 
 i opened my mouth to speak , but nothing came out . 
 `` hi , mrs. jenkins , '' jack said . 
 `` we were wondering if we could talk to you for a few minutes . '' 
 `` about what ? '' 
 jack glanced sideways at me . 
 `` about your daughter , meredith . '' 
 mrs. jenkins 's face went blank . 
 `` meredith lives with her father now . '' 
 she started to close the door , but i stopped it with my foot . 
 `` please , mrs. jenkins , '' i said , finding my voice . 
 `` i know that 's not true . '' 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 she said incredulously . 
 `` i 've seen her . '' 
 mrs. jenkins 's eyes narrowed , and she pushed again on the door . 
 `` you do n't know what you 're talking about . '' 
 `` i know she was in the feed ! '' 
 i blurted out . 
 mrs. jenkins froze , and gave me an icy glare . 
 jack inched toward me protectively . 
 `` how do you know ? '' 
 i took a breath . 
 `` because i was in the feed too . '' 
 mrs. jenkins 's house had no decorations . 
 no pictures on the walls . 
 no trinkets in corners . 
 except for one ancient-looking jar on the mantel above the fireplace , there were no identifying features at all . 
 everything from the walls to the couch jack and i were sitting on was a different shade of beige . 
 the place did n't look lived in . 
 mrs. jenkins appeared from the kitchen carrying a tray with a teapot and three cups on it . 
 `` greek mountain shepherds tea , '' she said . 
 `` nothing beats it . '' 
 `` thank you , '' i said . 
 we each took a cup , and she sat on the chair opposite us . 
 i could n't wait any longer . 
 `` mrs. jenkins , what do you know about the daughters of persephone ? '' 
 i 'd caught her midsip , and she raised her eyebrows and put her cup down . 
 `` you mean to tell me you do n't know about them ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` then how did you - '' `` i do n't know . 
 cole just took me . '' 
 `` and you survived . '' 
 even though she smiled when she said it , it came out like an accusation . 
 `` yes , '' i said . 
 `` tell us about the daughters , '' jack interrupted . 
 mrs. jenkins looked at jack . 
 `` the daughters of persephone have a special interest in the feed . 
 we are taught about the everneath , and when a feed approaches , we prepare our children to become forfeits . '' 
 she said this as if it were the most obvious thing ever . 
 jack stared at her openmouthed . 
 `` why ? '' 
 he asked . 
 she looked at him like he was crazy . 
 `` because it 's a chance . 
 to become the next persephone . 
 if one of them survives and takes over the throne , it would mean eternal life for her entire bloodline . 
 even those who have passed on before . 
 the queen gets that privilege . 
 her family is automatically welcomed into the realms of the everneath . 
 that means eternal life for them . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` you 're telling me you think the queen can bring people back from the dead ? '' 
 even though i found that hard to believe , i could n't help it when my mind flashed to my mom , and i saw how the idea would be enticing . 
 but cole had never mentioned anything like this . 
 she tilted her head . 
 `` you 're obviously angry , but i do n't see why . 
 people have searched for the secret to immortality for thousands of years . 
 this is the only way to guarantee it will happen . 
 the everlivings themselves have strict rules about whom they bring in , and the shades enforce those rules . 
 they ca n't let just anybody in . 
 there 's not enough energy to sustain a constant influx of people . 
 it 's a very select society . 
 this is the only other way . '' 
 i looked at jack , whose jaw was hard . 
 `` that 's disgusting , '' he said . 
 mrs. jenkins turned to him . 
 `` if you think that 's disgusting , you should ask your girlfriend why she went under . 
 she obviously did n't know there would be a chance for exaltation , so what was her reason ? '' 
 jack looked away . 
 i was n't expecting mrs. jenkins to be so forthcoming , and it made me realize something i should 've seen before . 
 our conversation might lead to mention of the tunnels , and jack did n't know about them . 
 i had to steer her clear of the topic . 
 the news of what was waiting for me at the end of my six months had to come from me , not mrs. jenkins . 
 `` mrs. jenkins , do you know how i survived ? '' 
 i asked . 
 she sighed and gave a slight shrug . 
 `` i only know of one person who survived like you . 
 it happened hundreds of years ago . 
 adonia was her name . 
 she returned from the feed , young and sane , as you did . '' 
 `` how did she do it ? '' 
 `` she never had a chance to tell anyone . '' 
 mrs. jenkins gestured to the jar on the mantelpiece . 
 `` the current queen found her . 
 those are her ashes . '' 
 i could feel the blood drain from my face . 
 `` the queen burned her ? '' 
 mrs. jenkins smiled as if i were a simpleton . 
 `` no . 
 the queen found her and stole what was left of her energy . 
 but when a queen steals your energy , the transfer is so violent it shreds a person . 
 we burned adonia 's remains . '' 
 jack looked like he was going to be sick . 
 i was sure my face mirrored his . 
 how could cole think i 'd ever want to be a queen ? 
 `` so you see , my dear , even if you survive , that does n't mean you 'll be queen . '' 
 my heart started to race , and i suddenly felt very exposed . 
 was that why cole and maxwell had talked about keeping my existence a secret from the queen ? 
 `` do n't worry , now , '' she said , noticing my expression . 
 `` i had no idea you existed . 
 i 'm sure if you were going to end up like adonia , it would 've happened by now . 
 it would take an act of betrayal by the everliving who fed off you to get word to the queen . '' 
 she looked at the jar . 
 `` i 'm afraid adonia was not in tune with her everliving . 
 he wanted her to be his queen , but she did not . 
 so he took his revenge by telling the queen about her . 
 and '' - she paused for a moment - `` where , exactly , the queen could find her . '' 
 a sound like muffled ocean waves reached my ears as my pulse quickened . 
 would cole ever do that to me ? 
 could he ? 
 jack grabbed my hand , which i had n't realized was shaking . 
 `` i do n't want to be queen , '' i mumbled . 
 `` well , you can just be an everliving . '' 
 jack sat forward . 
 `` she does n't want to be an everliving , either . '' 
 she frowned and tilted her head , confused , as if jack had just told her i wanted to scratch my own eyes out for fun . 
 uh-oh . 
 `` do n't be silly , '' she scoffed . 
 `` what other choice is there ? 
 you do n't really think she 'd - '' she was dangerously close to talking about the tunnels . 
 i had to shut her up , so i shot out of my seat and started coughing loudly and frantically . 
 jack put a hand on my back . 
 `` do you need some water ? '' 
 i nodded , and jack sprinted to the kitchen . 
 i had a few seconds at the most . 
 `` do n't tell him , '' i whispered to mrs. jenkins . 
 `` about the tunnels . '' 
 her mouth opened in a speechless kind of way , and then jack was back with a glass . 
 `` thanks , '' i said , and as i sipped the water , i shot mrs. jenkins my most pleading look . 
 she tried to smile but it looked forced , and at that moment , her demeanor transformed from confused to calculating . 
 her eyes narrowed . 
 `` despite how you feel now , if you do get to the throne one day , perhaps you 'll remember this old woman , who helped you in every way she could . '' 
 her own daughter had n't survived the feed , and now she saw me as a golden opportunity for her . 
 without saying the words , she and i had made a bargain . 
 she would n't tell jack about the tunnels , and i would remember her when i was queen , an event she saw as inevitable . 
 jack spoke up . 
 `` is there a way we can get cole to leave nikki alone ? '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` everlivings are a tenacious bunch . '' 
 she gestured to the mantel . 
 `` in fact , i would be wary of making one of them angry . '' 
 a chill ran down my back as i glanced at the urn , and i quickly changed the subject . 
 `` mrs. jenkins , why did meredith return ? '' 
 her smile melted into a frown . 
 `` i was surprised too , although i should n't have been . 
 meredith thought that since she came from the same line as adonia , she would have a better chance to survive and become the next queen . 
 she was convinced . 
 perhaps we both were . '' 
 she let out a deep sigh . 
 `` meredith says she came back for me . 
 it 's ridiculous , really , her attachment to me . 
 i raised her better than that . 
 and now i can do nothing for her . 
 nor she , me . 
 the moment she left for the feed , i let her go from my mind and my heart . '' 
 how could she be so unfeeling ? 
 meredith was her daughter . 
 i looked at jack , and he nodded , probably thinking the same thing . 
 jack leaned forward . 
 `` do you know where we can find her ? '' 
 `` i have n't seen her , and i 've been looking . '' 
 finally i thought i saw a sign of humanity in her , until she continued . 
 `` she stole a piece of jewelry that belongs to me . 
 i think she took it to get my attention . '' 
 the bracelet , i thought . 
 jack opened his mouth , but i shot him a look . 
 he nodded almost imperceptibly . 
 `` one more question , '' i said . 
 `` how many of you are there ? '' 
 she smiled . 
 `` you 'd find us all over the world . 
 near every entrance to the everneath . '' 
 `` why did n't you tell her about the bracelet ? '' 
 jack said once we were in his car and driving away . 
 `` it did n't feel right . 
 i do n't trust her . 
 i feel like the bracelet is the only card we have to play , although i have no idea what to do with it . '' 
 i took a deep breath . 
 `` plus mrs. jenkins was creepy and weird . '' 
 `` she 's a daughter of persephone . 
 weird probably does n't begin to cover it . '' 
 jack allowed himself a little smile . 
 `` one thing i learned from our visit , '' he said , his expression serious again . 
 `` we ca n't let cole know we 've been digging around . '' 
 i thought back to the urn on the mantel , and i was sure jack was thinking of the same thing . 
 twenty-five now school . 
 one and a half weeks left . 
 my mark reached the end of my shoulder and started to trickle down my arm , and as it did , it looked like someone had poured chocolate syrup on me and it was oozing over my biceps , gravity helping it along . 
 i could feel the change inside of me as well . 
 a dark , claustrophobic feeling , as if i were trapped inside one of the musty alcoves of the feeding cavern . 
 i felt it even when i was standing outside on a cloudless day , as if my face would never again be warmed by the sun . 
 the tunnels were getting closer . 
 in my art class the following monday , cole-in his dark-haired `` neal '' disguise-turned out several watercolor paintings that the teacher , mr. tanner , displayed at the front of the classroom . 
 `` now , this is what i mean when i talk about brushstrokes . '' 
 mr. tanner made sweeping gestures with his hands . 
 `` where did you say you transferred from , neal ? '' 
 `` seattle . '' 
 cole glanced at me sideways . 
 `` the suburbs . '' 
 mr. tanner inflated his cheeks , then blew out the air . 
 `` and this is the first art class you 've taken ? '' 
 `` the first one that involved paper . 
 we were using rocks and chisels before . '' 
 he chuckled , as if enjoying a private joke . 
 mr. tanner smiled like he understood , even though it was obvious he had no idea what cole was talking about . 
 he turned to the front of the room , where he had attached paper to the chalkboard . 
 using his charcoal sticks , he demonstrated his own version of the technique cole had used , and then put us to task on our own easels . 
 i started drawing a house . 
 art never was my favorite subject , and every attempt of mine usually ended up being a house anyway . 
 and my hands had stopped shaking . 
 i had enough muscle control for my drawing to actually resemble a house . 
 cole tweaked his easel so i could n't see what he was working on . 
 it also meant he could watch me work . 
 i 'd stopped caring a long time ago . 
 `` nik , '' he whispered loudly . 
 `` what 's that supposed to be ? '' 
 `` it 's a house . '' 
 `` oh . 
 um ... stunning . '' 
 i focused on my sketch , but i could feel cole 's eyes watching my lines . 
 `` hey , nik ! '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` has it started running down your arm yet ? '' 
 i whipped my head around , and the piece of charcoal i had been using flew out of my hand and ricocheted off the back of cole 's easel . 
 `` what did you say ? '' 
 cole held up his hands in mock surrender . 
 `` whoa . 
 did n't mean to freak you out . 
 just wondering about your mark . '' 
 `` how did you know ? '' 
 and then i shook my head . 
 `` never mind . 
 i forget you 've been through this before . '' 
 `` not like this . 
 i 've never tracked someone after the feed . 
 like i said , you 're different . 
 you 're - '' `` i know . 
 i know . 
 special . '' 
 i knew the real answer now . 
 i was n't old and crazy . 
 `` please draw and stop talking . '' 
 he put his charcoal on the tray of his easel and then rubbed his hands together lightly . 
 `` the shade is getting stronger . 
 you know the fingers of your mark ? 
 the ones that look like little breakaway lines ? 
 those represent the tunnels . 
 as if the shade is reaching out for them . '' 
 as cole spoke , his words felt like an ice cube on my neck , shooting down my spine . 
 i could n't answer . 
 cole smiled and turned his easel so the picture he had been working on faced me . 
 on the canvas was a thin girl with long black hair , the ends of which were flowing behind her as if she were facing a strong wind . 
 but as i looked closer , i realized her hair was n't blowing . 
 it was being sucked into a dark vortex behind her . 
 cole held my gaze for a few moments . 
 i could tell what was behind his eyes . 
 he was saying , come with me and this wo n't be you . 
 he pointed to my arm , then reached out as if he would grab it . 
 `` it 's not too late . '' 
 the bell rang . 
 i jerked my arm away . 
 i had to get him away from me . 
 i had to . 
 we stared at each other in silence for a moment . 
 i did n't realize how much time had passed , and i started to put my tools away . 
 the rest of the students had already done so and were filing out of the room . 
 cole stayed behind , waiting for me . 
 i packed my gear as if he were n't even there , and then i ripped my name tag off the box mr. tanner had given me at the start of the year . 
 i was n't going to waste the little time i had left in art class anymore . 
 cole watched . 
 he probably knew what i was doing . 
 if i could wish for anything at this moment , it would be for cole to leave . 
 let me have this little time to myself . 
 he followed me into the hallway . 
 i turned abruptly and blurted out , `` what would it take to get you to leave me alone ? '' 
 `` i think you know exactly what it would take . '' 
 `` what if i make you a deal ? '' 
 his eyebrows wrinkled . 
 `` a deal ? '' 
 lowering my voice , i said , `` what if i promise to go with you , but not until right before the tunnels come ? '' 
 i took a step closer in my sudden enthusiasm , and he backed up . 
 `` as long as i go with you before the tunnels actually come , it will work . 
 if you give me these last moments with jack alone , i 'll go with you . '' 
 i tried not to let my face show the lie i was telling . 
 his face went blank , then it broke out in a wide grin . 
 `` golly , do you pinky swear ? '' 
 he said sarcastically . 
 when i did n't answer , he continued , `` your little plan would involve me taking quite a bit on faith . 
 you 're not exactly a safe bet . '' 
 i guess i was n't surprised . 
 but i was so tired of cole . 
 i looked him directly in the eye . 
 `` if you can tell when i 'm lying , you should know without a doubt when i 'm telling the truth . '' 
 i put my face even closer to his . 
 `` here 's the truth . 
 i. will . 
 never . 
 ever . 
 go with you . '' 
 cole 's eyes became tight , and then i saw something on his face i 'd never seen before . 
 genuine pain . 
 i took in a short breath of surprise , but i stood my ground . 
 if the hurt on his face was as real as it looked , maybe that 's what it would take to get him to back down . 
 cole looked over my shoulder , and his expression switched from hurt to blazing anger , the fierceness of which sent a cold shiver all the way to my fingers and toes . 
 i turned to see the recipient of such venom , even though i knew who was standing there . 
 `` jack , '' cole said , his voice tense and jeering , `` help me out here . 
 our girl is talking crazy , and i do n't speak crazy . '' 
 jack shot me a curious look . 
 `` ignore him , '' i said , a pit growing in my stomach . 
 i tugged on jack 's arm , but he did n't move . 
 `` oh , sure , '' cole said . 
 `` ignore the guy with the information . 
 speaking of information , jack , has nikki told you about her mark ? '' 
 the breath stopped in my chest . 
 `` yes , '' jack said , still at a loss . 
 `` cole - '' i started to say , but he cut me off . 
 `` i should 've been more specific , '' cole continued . 
 `` i meant to say has she told you the truth about her mark ? '' 
 i yanked jack 's arm . 
 `` c'mon , jack . 
 let 's just leave . 
 please . '' 
 only now he definitely was n't going anywhere . 
 `` did you know it 's growing ? '' 
 cole took a step toward jack and spoke in low tones . 
 `` i mean , have you seen it ? 
 the whole thing ? '' 
 jack did n't answer . 
 i looked at cole . 
 `` cole . 
 please . '' 
 i turned to jack . 
 `` please , '' i said again , to both of them . 
 cole smiled . 
 `` i 'm just trying to help . 
 he needs to know . '' 
 `` he 's got a life here , '' i said , momentarily ignoring jack at my side . 
 `` it does n't mean anything to him anymore . '' 
 i tried the only thing i could think of . 
 `` it 's between me and you . 
 it wo n't matter to him . '' 
 `` between me and you ? 
 together ? 
 how far are you willing to go with that , nik ? '' 
 cole 's grin widened and i knew he was calling my bluff , and before i could say or do anything else , he said , `` the mark on her shoulder is like a timer , jack . 
 she 's going away again . 
 and soon . '' 
 i froze and closed my eyes . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 jack asked . 
 `` if you think nikki 's going to choose to go with you , i know her . 
 she 's not . '' 
 i squeezed my eyes tighter . 
 `` jack , she 's leaving whether she decides to go with me or not . 
 she has a debt to pay , and there 's nothing you , or her dad , or her friends , or even nik , can do about it . '' 
 i heard cole take another step closer to jack . 
 when i opened my eyes , cole had a hand on jack 's stiff shoulder . 
 `` i 'm sorry she did n't tell you , bro . 
 but maybe you can help her make the right decision . 
 you know how nik can be ... self-destructive . 
 behind one door , she faces endless pain , until she just ... disappears . 
 behind the other , she 'll be exalted . 
 help her choose eternal glory over the tunnels of hell . 
 she can either serve the everneath as a battery , or rule it . '' 
 `` enough ! '' 
 i stepped between them . 
 `` leave , cole . 
 there 's nothing more you can do . '' 
 `` is it true , becks ? '' 
 jack could n't look at me . 
 `` you 're leaving ? '' 
 `` yes , '' i said . 
 my heart felt like it was breaking . 
 jack started to turn away . 
 `` wait , jack . '' 
 he paused , but he did n't turn . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i 'm so sorry , but i did n't know how to tell you . '' 
 `` she 's really , really sorry , '' cole said , making my apology seem shallow . 
 jack did n't say anything . 
 he walked away . 
 cole stood beside me as we watched jack walk down the hall and shove open the glass doors that led to the parking lot . 
 for a few long minutes i did n't move . 
 `` i 'm sorry , nik . 
 you should 've known what backing me into a corner would do . '' 
 his voice grew quiet . 
 `` but he deserved to know the truth . '' 
 i did n't answer . 
 i should 've told jack . 
 i knew this . 
 maybe he still would 've left . 
 but maybe he would n't have . 
 completely numb , i started walking . 
 like a shadow , cole fell into step beside me , and i let him . 
 i was too tired to fight anymore . 
 we walked out the doors and into a sharp wind that carried tiny flecks of ice in it . 
 i buried my nose in the collar of my coat . 
 i put my key in the car door , then turned around and faced him . 
 he had shifted back to his original self . 
 i was surprised by how fast he could make the switch . 
 i did n't even catch a glimpse , and he was cole again . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` why what ? '' 
 `` why is it so important for you to make jack hate me ? '' 
 i closed my eyes and leaned my head back . 
 `` please . 
 tell me . '' 
 `` because people in love tend to make irresponsible decisions . 
 human relationships-you know , the things for which you would give up your chance at eternal life-are fleeting . '' 
 he was taking my own words and using them against me . 
 i opened my eyes and looked at him . 
 `` you 're lying . '' 
 `` no , i 'm not . '' 
 `` but there 's something else too , is n't there ? '' 
 there had to be another reason . 
 everything cole did had a motive . 
 he was holding something back . 
 `` tell me . '' 
 his smile disappeared , but he stayed quiet . 
 `` fine . 
 if you 're not going to talk to me ... '' i jerked my car door open , but cole slammed it shut from behind me . 
 he kept his hand pressed against the window . 
 i turned around , and his face was so close . 
 `` what ? 
 what do you want ? '' 
 `` you , nik . '' 
 cole took a couple of deep breaths . 
 `` i want you . 
 whether we take over the throne or not . 
 i want you in my life , and the only way that will happen is if you become like me . 
 we shared a heart , nik . '' 
 he touched his finger to my heart . 
 `` your heart is in me now . '' 
 `` not my heart , '' i said . 
 `` just some of my emotions . '' 
 `` same thing . 
 it belongs to me . 
 and so i belong to you . '' 
 i closed my eyes , but i did n't fight him . 
 i was tired of losing everybody i cared about . 
 tired of being alone . 
 `` we used to be like this , nik . '' 
 he leaned even closer , not physically touching me , but i could feel the charge between us . 
 i knew i should 've pushed away , but my stupid body betrayed me . 
 my traitorous arms and legs wanted to tangle with cole 's again . 
 that hundred years in the everneath had molded us together , and our bodies had memorized how they were supposed to fit . 
 he lowered his head next to mine so we were cheek-to-cheek . 
 `` we were exactly . 
 like . 
 this . 
 for a century . '' 
 i could n't move . 
 i did n't want to . 
 he kept his right hand on the door , and he slipped his other arm behind me , pulling me away . 
 `` except my hand was here . '' 
 he pressed his fingertips into my lower back . 
 `` and your hand ... '' he moved his right hand and grabbed my left arm , then wrapped it around his back , soft and low , and pressed my fingers into position . 
 `` there . '' 
 with cole so close , i could n't help imagining leaving it all behind right now . 
 the pain . 
 the pungent smells of the surface . 
 the disappointment of my family . 
 the heartache of jack . 
 jack . 
 jack did n't give up on me when i left . 
 jules told me he never stopped looking . 
 never stopped hoping i 'd come back . 
 i could n't give up on him now . 
 that 's when i knew what i had to do . 
 the only way i 'd be able to think clearly would be to get cole away from me . 
 i pushed him away . 
 `` i hate you . '' 
 cole just smirked at me . 
 `` hate . 
 such a strong feeling . 
 a next-door neighbor to love . '' 
 `` it will never be love . 
 you made the only person i love leave , '' i said . 
 `` no , nik . 
 you did . '' 
 he opened my door for me and i drove off , leaving him standing there . 
 when i got home , i spent a couple of hours pacing the carpets . 
 i could n't let jack let me go . 
 maybe at the start of my return i would 've let him alone . 
 but we 'd come too far , and i actually felt hope now . 
 i could n't let him give up on me . 
 not now . 
 not anymore . 
 i drove to his house . 
 when i knocked on the door , jack 's mother answered . 
 mrs. caputo had liked me well enough as jack 's friend , but i do n't think she 'd ever accepted me as his girlfriend . 
 she 'd always been civil , though , which was why her icy reception surprised me . 
 `` nikki . 
 i heard you were back . '' 
 she blocked the open door with her body . 
 i was obviously not invited in . 
 `` yes . 
 how are you , mrs. caputo ? '' 
 `` fine . '' 
 `` good . 
 good . 
 um , is jack around ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 she started to close the door . 
 i put my hand on it . 
 `` wait . 
 please . '' 
 she held still but did n't say anything . 
 i shivered , but not because of the cold outside . 
 `` is he okay ? '' 
 `` he and will went out of town . '' 
 i 'd just seen him this afternoon . 
 `` alone ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 strange , is n't it ? 
 i ca n't think of what he 's trying to escape . '' 
 her tone and her pointed look told me she had an idea of who was to blame . 
 i 'd run jack out of town . 
 `` okay . 
 i guess i should go . '' 
 she nodded , and then she said , `` nikki , please leave my boy alone . 
 he 's been through enough . '' 
 she shut the door . 
 not quite a slam , but almost . 
 i stared at her door for a long moment , blinking back the tears . 
 what bothered me most was that she was right . 
 jack obviously could n't stand me leaving again . 
 he did n't want to be anywhere near me when i left , so he grabbed will and took off . 
 i felt sick , and i ran to my car so i would n't break down on jack 's front porch . 
 i could n't believe i would n't see him again . 
 i could n't do this . 
 i could n't survive what little time i had left , knowing jack was out there somewhere , hating me . 
 it was time for me to do something about it . 
 twenty-six now home . 
 one and a half weeks left . 
 i was tired of hurting people . 
 i was tired of hurting myself . 
 when i got home , i went straight to my nightstand and took cole 's hair from the drawer . 
 without even stopping to think , i rushed out of the house and drove to the shop-n-go . 
 i blew past ezra and went straight to the back , to the spot where the everneath had spit me out . 
 i brought the hair up to my mouth , opened wide ... and froze . 
 just do it , becks , i told myself . 
 but my hand was n't obeying my brain . 
 i was such a coward . 
 or maybe i was my mother 's daughter . 
 our family used to have a dog , a wheaten terrier named bert . 
 we would joke that bert was my mom 's lost third child . 
 as he got older , and sicker , none of us wanted to face it . 
 especially my mom . 
 we all knew he would n't last much longer , and every extra day he lived would be painful , but my mom just could n't put him down . 
 one day , he wandered away and never came back . 
 here i was in the same situation . 
 my own end was inevitable . 
 and i could n't pull the trigger . 
 i stared at the hair , wedged between my index finger and my thumb . 
 here it was , my chance to take control of my exit , to stop hurting jack , to stop hurting my dad and tommy , to stop the whole damn thing . 
 i brought the hair to my mouth again , and froze again . 
 my hand would n't move . 
 my breath made the hair flutter . 
 then i crumbled . 
 the tears came in waves as i sank to the floor , my back against the racks that held the chocolate-covered raisins . 
 it was the first time i 'd cried in more than a century . 
 strange that i 'd recovered my laughter long before my tears . 
 now that i 'd started , i was n't sure i 'd ever be able to stop . 
 i looked helplessly at the hair in my hand , and a couple of wet teardrops splashed in my palm . 
 the doors to the convenience store slammed open , and i heard frantic footsteps run toward me . 
 i looked up just as cole rounded the corner of the last aisle . 
 when he saw me , he let out an audible sigh of relief . 
 `` do n't scare me like that , nik . '' 
 i could n't answer . 
 i lowered my head and let the tears flow . 
 cole sat beside me and put his arm around me , and i let him . 
 i cried into the front of his black leather jacket , my tears pooling on the chest pocket . 
 `` careful . 
 i did n't bring a life jacket , '' cole said . 
 i sniffled . 
 `` shh . 
 it 's okay . '' 
 i guess that was how low i 'd sunk , that cole was the one person who could console me . 
 we sat like that for a few long minutes , and when i finally had composed myself enough to speak , i said into his jacket , `` why wo n't you help me ? 
 you could be a hero for once . '' 
 he put his lips against my head . 
 `` heroes do n't exist . 
 and if they did , i would n't be one of them . '' 
 my fingers had formed a tight fist around the single strand of cole 's hair . 
 cole took my hand and gently worked the fingers open , took the hair out , and put it in his pocket . 
 i let him , and the tears began to flow again . 
 i shook , and cole wrapped his arms around me even tighter . 
 i buried my head in his chest , where i would 've heard a beating heart if cole were human . 
 of course there was no sound . 
 `` if i went with you ... '' i started to say . 
 cole tensed and waited . 
 `` if i went with you , would i no longer have a heart ? '' 
 `` not inside you . 
 no . '' 
 i sighed . 
 i did n't want to admit how good the idea sounded right about now . 
 especially since mine was breaking . 
 eventually , i disentangled from cole . 
 he did n't put up a fight . 
 maybe because he sensed victory . 
 everything was falling apart . 
 what did i have left ? 
 a week , at the most ? 
 i knew my return was approximately six months , but the everneath had its own passage of time . 
 one day soon , i would disappear . 
 maybe this time , no one would even notice . 
 now that i knew i was too weak to go to the tunnels early , i had two choices left in front of me . 
 fade into the background until the tunnels came for me , or take what little knowledge i had about the whole thing and try to find an answer . 
 cole had been right that first night he came into my bedroom , although it 'd taken me this long to realize it . 
 i did have hope . 
 somewhere , in the empty pit of my soul , i believed that i could get out of my debt . 
 that i could stay here . 
 since jack had taken himself out of the picture , i knew this residual hope i was feeling belonged to me . 
 i had n't skimmed it from him . 
 i got to school early the next morning and went to mrs. stone 's room . 
 she glanced up from her seat at her desk and put down the papers she had been reading . 
 `` hi , ms. beckett . 
 what can i do for you ? '' 
 `` have you ever heard of the daughters of persephone ? '' 
 mrs. stone 's brow crinkled . 
 `` i 'm not aware that she had any daughters . '' 
 `` i know , but have you heard of any groups by that name ? '' 
 i laughed helplessly at how nuts i sounded . 
 `` not real blood daughters . 
 more like ... a society . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 she cocked her head at me . 
 `` why do you ask ? '' 
 `` someone mentioned it . 
 she said she was a daughter of persephone , and i wondered what she meant by it . '' 
 `` sorry . 
 i do n't know . '' 
 she watched me , waiting . 
 `` was there something else ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 the orpheus myth . 
 are there any other ... versions of it ? 
 any different interpretations ? '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` any little ways it could 've been mixed up or something ? '' 
 mrs. stone took off her glasses and rubbed them with her handkerchief . 
 `` i 'm not sure what you 're getting at . 
 but if you 're interested in reading more about it , take this . '' 
 opening one of the drawers on her desk , she brought out a small paperback book about mythology 's greatest love stories . 
 `` great . '' 
 i took the book and put it in my bag . 
 i 'd been reading about orpheus and eurydice on the internet , so i was n't sure if the book could give me any new information . 
 i wished jack were here , and speaking to me . 
 maybe he would forgive me . 
 but maybe when someone forgives someone else so many times , he reaches a point when he ca n't anymore . 
 mrs. stone leaned forward over her desk and put the glasses that were hanging around her neck back on the end of her nose . 
 `` as you read it , take note of the value the greeks placed on love . 
 every decision orpheus makes is based on love . 
 his unwavering love nearly saved eurydice . 
 remember that for your paper . '' 
 my paper . 
 as if i 'd ever finish it now . 
 `` thanks , '' i said . 
 she waved in response , not looking up from her desk . 
 after i left her classroom , i sat in my nook and flipped through the paperback . 
 much of the first half dealt with the great love story between orpheus and eurydice before she ever went to the underworld . 
 they were husband and wife , at the height of their romance when she was poisoned and went under . 
 and then , like me , eurydice had survived . 
 what did she and i have in common ? 
 cole had said i was different from the daughters of persephone because i had relationship ties to the surface . 
 eurydice had a tie to the surface in orpheus . 
 i had jack . 
 before meredith had disappeared , she said she had a theory about anchors . 
 what if an anchor was a tie to the surface ? 
 when i was in the everneath , i thought about jack every day . 
 every minute . 
 even after i 'd forgotten his name , the image of his face made me feel whole again . 
 was jack the reason i 'd survived ? 
 were our ties to the surface what somehow kept us whole ? 
 the one problem in the anchor theory was meredith . 
 she had a connection with her mom , yet she did n't survive . 
 but then the more i thought about it , the more i realized mrs. jenkins did n't have a similar connection to meredith . 
 she forgot about meredith the second the feed began . 
 then it hit me . 
 orpheus did n't forget about eurydice . 
 he loved her the entire time she was gone . 
 maybe the attachment between forfeit and anchor worked only when it went both ways . 
 the drinking fountain next to me shuddered to life as a flash of intuition hit me . 
 i knew now that jack never forgot about me . 
 he 'd never stopped loving me . 
 he was the anchor that saved me . 
 and now he was gone . 
 twenty-seven now home . 
 one week left . 
 when i got home , my dad had a `` mayor bonds with his wayward daughter '' dinner waiting . 
 chinese food . 
 he had a few more days until the primary election , and every spare moment was spent on the campaign trail , but his secretary told me he 'd scheduled in these dinners . 
 i followed the smell into the kitchen , where my dad was spreading out the containers from mountain city mongolian . 
 `` tommy has scouts tonight , '' he said . 
 i peeked into a few boxes . 
 `` you know there 's only two of us , right ? '' 
 he dished out a plate-one of everything-and handed it to me . 
 `` there 's no way i can eat all that , '' i said . 
 `` nikki , i 've noticed your appetite is n't what it used to be . 
 we need to work on that . '' 
 `` sure , dad . '' 
 i scooped a spoonful of rice into my mouth . 
 `` your mother used to eat like a horse . '' 
 i nearly choked on my rice . 
 he had n't mentioned my mother in a very long time . 
 his face told me he had n't meant to . 
 ever since i 'd been back , the topic of my mother remained unexplored territory for us . 
 the last time we 'd talked about her was the day i left . 
 i wanted to show him he did n't have to avoid the subject anymore . 
 `` she really did , '' i agreed . 
 `` remember when she used to keep the gravy boat right next to her plate , even at family parties ? '' 
 my dad chuckled . 
 `` oh yeah . 
 she did that when we were dating . 
 at her first dinner with my family . '' 
 `` grams must 've been shocked . '' 
 `` she was . '' 
 dad let out a breath , and we ate in silence for a few minutes , enjoying a level of comfort with each other that we had n't experienced in a long time . 
 `` how 's the election coming ? '' 
 i asked . 
 i never watched the news or followed the numbers anymore . 
 the first time he ran , i kept a chart hanging on the wall in my room , with a graph of his polling numbers . 
 back then he was running as a family man . 
 this time he was a grieving widower , trying to reconnect with a rebel daughter . 
 he was the incumbent , but the in-party challenger was putting up a fight . 
 `` strong . 
 the numbers are back up . '' 
 he meant after the fiasco at the christmas dance . 
 as we sat together , the two of us alone , i realized that this might be my last chance to talk to him before the election . 
 and i might not be here for very long after . 
 `` dad . 
 in case i have n't been clear , i 'm sorry for all the trouble i caused you . 
 have i mentioned this before ? '' 
 he smiled . 
 `` yes . 
 you have . '' 
 `` well , i am . '' 
 `` it never hurts to hear , nikki . '' 
 after dinner , as the sun dipped lower against the mountains , i was in the driveway getting my backpack out of my car when i heard some kids yelling from up the street . 
 i assumed it was the scouts , maybe doing a scavenger hunt , and i started walking to the house . 
 but then i heard a terrified scream . 
 tommy . 
 i dropped my bag and took off running toward the noise . 
 i could n't see very well in the dusk , but it looked like some of the kids were pelting another kid with snowballs . 
 i was sure tommy was on the receiving end , and it made me furious . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 i yelled , but i was still a ways away , and they did n't hear . 
 tommy was getting pummeled . 
 all i could think about was how scared he must be , and i could n't get to him fast enough . 
 i said a silent prayer that something would happen to distract the kids , so i could stop them before he really got hurt . 
 why were n't my legs moving faster ? 
 suddenly , as if someone had heard my prayer , a tall figure descended upon them from the other direction . 
 he placed himself in front of tommy and faced the attackers . 
 `` enough ! '' 
 he said . 
 i paused for a moment as i registered the voice . 
 cole 's . 
 i sprinted forward even faster . 
 by the time i reached them , the kids who had been throwing the snowballs were wandering around as if they were lost . 
 two of the boys bumped into each other . 
 they stayed silent and simply turned around , their faces blank . 
 cole reached a hand down toward tommy . 
 `` you 're okay , kid . '' 
 `` that was awesome ! '' 
 tommy said as he brushed the snow off his pants and coat . 
 his cheeks were bright red , and icy snow clung to his hair . 
 he looked up at cole 's face . 
 `` how did you do that ? '' 
 `` tommy ! '' 
 i rushed over to him and put my arms around him , and cole noticed me for the first time . 
 `` did you see that , nikki ? '' 
 tommy said . 
 `` he just looked at them , and they got scared and stopped ! '' 
 cole avoided my gaze and shifted his weight from one foot to the other . 
 i leaned down to tommy . 
 `` i saw it . 
 dad has some leftover dinner for you . 
 go on home , and i 'll meet you there . '' 
 `` okay . 
 thanks , mister ! '' 
 he waved at cole and then started walking home . 
 cole waved back and then gave me a sheepish smile . 
 `` sorry , nik . 
 i did n't see you coming . '' 
 `` did you ... '' i lowered my voice . 
 `` did you ... feed off them ? '' 
 i gestured to the other scouts , who still had blank faces but were beginning to walk in the general directions of their homes . 
 cole held up his hands , palms up . 
 `` a little . 
 but do n't get all mad yet . 
 bullies have an easily identifiable aggression layer , so it 's really simple to just ... '' he sucked in a loud , deep breath to demonstrate . 
 `` and then it 's gone . '' 
 i stared at him for a moment . 
 `` i was in the neighborhood , '' he said , answering the question i was about to ask . 
 his lips twitched . 
 `` you know , wandering around , trying to be a hero . '' 
 i sighed . 
 `` are you going to thank me ? '' 
 cole said . 
 after a pause , he added , `` or hit me ? '' 
 i thought about tommy , scared and cowering on the ground . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 before cole could say anything else i said , `` but do n't do it again . '' 
 he nodded . 
 i 'd expected cole to ramp up his efforts to change my mind , but was this his new approach ? 
 if so , it scared me more than any attempts he 'd made to sway me in the past . 
 it felt so real , and so genuine . 
 i looked in his eyes , and i honestly did n't know what his motives were . 
 would he have saved tommy if i were n't around ? 
 would he have done it anonymously ? 
 my love for tommy was a weakness . 
 i just did n't know if cole was exploiting it . 
 how did he have the power to confuse me still ? 
 i had to get him away . 
 he was more dangerous now than ever , because with jack gone , and my time almost gone , he was more tempting than he 'd ever been before . 
 `` cole . '' 
 `` nik ? '' 
 `` you promised me you 'd stay away from my house . '' 
 he frowned , and nodded again . 
 `` i 'll keep my word . '' 
 we walked away in our different directions . 
 just after midnight , in my room , i was printing out the latest draft of my paper for mrs. stone when i heard a knock at my window . 
 it could n't have been cole-he never would 've knocked . 
 it was hard to see , with my bedroom light on , but as i got closer , i could make out jack 's face . 
 he was here . 
 at my window . 
 i pushed it open , and he clambered in , panting as if he had been flat-out sprinting . 
 his face flushed with excitement ? 
 anticipation ? 
 i smelled the air , but his emotions were all over the place . 
 `` jack ? 
 what 's wrong ? '' 
 he placed his hands on my shoulders and led me over to the bed . 
 i sat . 
 `` becks . 
 i found her . 
 meredith . 
 will and i have been searching for her . 
 asking around . 
 we - '' `` wait , '' i interrupted . 
 `` you and will ? '' 
 jack smiled . 
 `` yeah . 
 remember that day at the kona ? 
 i guess will was listening more than we thought . '' 
 `` and he believed it ? '' 
 `` not at first . 
 not until we found meredith in blackfoot . '' 
 `` idaho ? '' 
 `` we asked everyone at the shelter until this lady there said meredith used to talk about a family cabin in idaho and how she was going to hitch a ride there . 
 will has an army buddy who 's doing security work on the side , and he got the address . '' 
 he finally paused to catch his breath . 
 `` will 's driving to idaho to pick her up right now . 
 i would 've gone too , but i had to see you . '' 
 see you . 
 those words tasted like melted chocolate to me . 
 he had n't abandoned me after all . 
 he 'd spent the past three days searching out our only lead . 
 without thinking , i leaned over and kissed his cheek . 
 his entire body tensed . 
 oops . 
 `` thank you , '' i whispered . 
 he looked at me , his mouth slightly open . 
 unmoving . 
 `` no matter what it means , even if it comes to nothing , thank you , jack . '' 
 he still did n't move . 
 he seemed at a loss for what to say or do . 
 maybe i 'd really crossed a line . 
 `` i 'm sorry , jack . 
 i did n't mean to - '' `` no , '' he interrupted , his mouth finally moving . 
 `` it 's just ... i did n't expect ... you ... '' his words faded off , and we both fell silent for a few moments . 
 i looked down . 
 `` so , when did you get back ? '' 
 i finally asked . 
 he seemed relieved at the easy question . 
 `` just now . '' 
 `` why did n't you tell me what you were doing ? '' 
 he looked down . 
 `` i was ... hurt you were n't honest with me . 
 about your mark . 
 mad about the wasted time . 
 i was n't about to give up , but i needed to do it on my own . 
 for a little while . '' 
 his eyes drifted to my arm . 
 `` can i see it ? 
 the mark , i mean . '' 
 i held my arm out , and he pushed the sleeve of my jacket up just past my elbow . 
 the dark gray fingers of the mark had reached past my inner elbow and looked like veins snaking their way downward . 
 `` it 's really a shade ? 
 an actual shade inside you ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` why did n't you tell me the truth ? '' 
 `` i wanted to . 
 actually , that 's not true . 
 i did n't want to . 
 i never wanted to have to . 
 i was hoping i 'd find a way out , and if i did n't ... '' `` i 'd just wake up one day , and you 'd be gone again . '' 
 i nodded , looking down at the hand that still held my arm , the rough calluses there from years of holding a football . 
 `` where will you go ? 
 these ... tunnels that are coming for you . 
 where do they take you ? '' 
 `` after the feed , the forfeits are used to power the everneath . 
 they supply the whole place with energy . 
 cole calls it a battery . 
 one little cog in a giant generator . '' 
 saying it out loud sent a shiver down my spine . 
 jack 's voice grew even softer . 
 `` why did n't you tell me ? '' 
 `` i know you wo n't believe it , but i thought it would be best for you . 
 you were doing so well until i came back . 
 i thought you could go back to how it was . 
 you still can . '' 
 `` do n't say that , becks . 
 we 're going to figure something out . '' 
 `` i know . 
 even so , i understand that it would 've been easier for you if i 'd never come back . 
 maybe you and jules ... '' his grip on my arm tightened , and when he spoke , his voice wavered . 
 `` becks . 
 i crashed when you left . 
 jules held together the pieces , and i will love her forever for that . 
 but if i was with her , it would n't be right . '' 
 he grimaced . 
 `` she told me so herself , right before i left with will . 
 she knew . '' 
 jack pushed my hair out of my eyes and off my forehead . 
 `` um , she knew what ? '' 
 i could barely hear my own voice . 
 `` it 's always been you , becks . 
 nothing will change that , no matter how much time has passed . '' 
 he glanced down . 
 `` no matter if you feel the same way or not . 
 you know that , right ? '' 
 i shook my head slowly , wanting desperately to believe him , but not sure if i could . 
 `` how can you not see that ? 
 everyone sees it . '' 
 he slid his hand down my arm and grabbed my fingers , holding them in his lap , tracing them . 
 staring at them . 
 `` remember freshman year ? 
 how bozeman asked you to the spring fling ? '' 
 bozeman . 
 he was two years older than me . 
 played offensive lineman . 
 his first name was zachary , but nobody had called him that since the third grade . 
 i 'd been surprised he even knew my name , let alone asked me to the dance . 
 `` of course i remember . 
 you came with me to answer him . '' 
 we doorbell-ditched bozeman 's house , leaving a two-liter bottle of coke and a note that said i 'd pop to go to the dance with you , or something like that . 
 bozeman had a reputation for fast hands , but he did n't try anything with me . 
 in fact , he barely touched me at all , even at the fling . 
 and he never asked me out again . 
 or even talked to me , really . 
 it was weird . 
 `` yeah , well , i did n't tell you , but bozeman actually asked for my permission . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` because it was obvious to everyone , except you , how i felt about you . 
 and then that night with the coke on the porch ... after i dropped you off at home , i paid bozeman a visit . '' 
 his cheeks went pink and he lowered his eyes . 
 `` and ? '' 
 `` let 's just say i rescinded my permission . 
 i did n't realize how much it would bother me . '' 
 his eyes met mine . 
 i could only imagine what was said between jack and the lineman , who was twice his size . 
 `` do n't be mad , '' jack said . 
 like i 'd be angry after everything we 'd been through . 
 `` i. . . 
 i 'm telling you this because you have to know that it 's always been you . 
 and it will always be you . '' 
 i knew then the difference between what i had with jack and the twisted thing i had with cole . 
 jack was real . 
 cole was a drug , artificial and simulated . 
 my involuntary response to him was manufactured in the everneath by a power that should n't even exist . 
 jack was real . 
 tangible . 
 `` do you get it now , becks ? '' 
 jack wrapped a finger around a long strand of my hair , and we were quiet as it slipped through his grip . 
 `` you have n't moved on ? '' 
 he chuckled . 
 `` i have a lifetime of memories made up of chestnut wars and poker games and midnight excursions and christmas dances ... it 's all you . 
 it 's only ever been you . 
 i love you . '' 
 the last part seemed to escape his lips unintentionally , and afterward he closed his eyes and put his head in his hands , as if he had a sudden headache . 
 `` i 've got ta not say that out loud . '' 
 the sight of how messed up he was made me want to wrap my arms around him and fold him into me and cushion him from everything that lay ahead . 
 instead , i reached for his hand . 
 brought it to my lips . 
 kissed it . 
 he raised his head and winced . 
 `` you should n't do that , '' he said , even though he did n't pull his hand away . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` because ... it 'll make everything worse ... if you do n't feel - '' his voice cut off as i kissed his hand again , pausing with his fingers at my lips . 
 he let out a shaky sigh and his hair flopped forward . 
 then he looked at my lips for a long moment . 
 `` what if ... ? '' 
 i bit my lower lip . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` what if we could be like this again ? '' 
 he leaned in closer with a smile , and as he did , he said , `` are you going to steal my soul ? '' 
 `` um ... it 's not technically your soul that ... '' i could n't finish my sentence . 
 his lips brushed mine , and i felt the whoosh of transferring emotions , but it was n't as strong as the last time . 
 the space inside me was practically full again . 
 the shades were right . 
 six months was just long enough to recover . 
 he kept his lips touching mine when he asked , `` is it okay ? '' 
 okay in that i was n't going to suck him dry anymore . 
 not okay in that my own emotions were in hyperdrive . 
 only our lips touched . 
 thankfully there was space between us everywhere else . 
 he took my silence to mean it was safe . 
 we held our lips together , tentative and still . 
 but he did n't let it stay that casual for long . 
 he pressed his lips closer , parting his mouth against mine . 
 i shivered , and he put his arms around me and pulled me closer so that our bodies were touching in so many places . 
 he pulled back a little . 
 his breath was on my lips . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i dreamed of you every night . '' 
 he briefly touched his lips to mine again . 
 `` it felt so real . 
 and when i 'd wake up the next morning , it was like your disappearance was fresh . 
 like you 'd left me all over again . '' 
 i lowered my chin and tucked my head into his chest . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 he sighed and tightened his grip around me . 
 `` it never got easier . 
 but the dreams themselves . '' 
 i felt him shake his head . 
 `` it 's like i had a physical connection to you . 
 they were so real . 
 every night , you were in my room with me . 
 it was so real . '' 
 i tilted my head back so i could face him again , realizing for the first time how difficult it must 've been for jack . 
 i kissed his chin , his cheek , and then his lips . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i said again . 
 he shook his head . 
 `` it 's not your fault i dreamed of you , becks . 
 i just want to know if it was as real as it felt . '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' i said . 
 but i told him about the book i 'd read on orpheus and eurydice , and my theory that it was her connection to orpheus that saved her . 
 when i finished , i asked him what he thought . 
 `` it would make sense , i guess . '' 
 he got a faraway look on his face . 
 `` i dreamed you were somewhere dark and you could n't see . '' 
 i thought of the cavern , and the alcove , and the shades that bound us and shut out any light . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 so much of what happened has been wiped away . '' 
 but not enough . 
 the truth was , i could n't see . 
 my encounter with the everneath had left scars on my brain , and hearing jack talk about the darkness made them burn a little . 
 jack touched his forehead to my forehead , his nose to my nose , and gave me a sad smile that was so sweet i almost forgot the spark of memory that had just been dredged up . 
 almost . 
 last year the feed ... the forgetting . 
 once i 'd decided to go with cole , things happened quickly . 
 i stayed holed up in his room for a few days , and each time i started to consider changing my mind , cole would feed off that top layer of energy , taking away my doubt , my pain , my foreboding , and my hesitation disappeared . 
 soon , the everlivings from the band had all gone under with their forfeits , and cole and i were the only ones left . 
 cole said this was because he needed time to prepare for the trip , and since he had n't planned on taking me , we would be a couple of days behind . 
 i never asked what kind of prep work he was talking about . 
 at the time , though , i waved aside any explanations . 
 i was in this room of forgetting , and if the everneath was anything like this , i never wanted to leave . 
 he helped me out of my jacket , exposing the black tank top beneath , grabbed my hand , and i think he said , `` ready ? '' 
 i do n't know if i responded , but he took my hand and pulled me under . 
 like a cocoon . 
 the beginning of my century in the everneath is a blur . 
 the middle is gone entirely . 
 at first , i remember seeing a giant space , like an underground cave . 
 in the rock walls were hundreds , maybe thousands , of tiny holes carved out . 
 they reached upward , farther than my eyes could see in the dark . 
 i breathed in , expecting a stale , musty odor , like the timpanogos caves near park city , but instead there was no identifying smell at all . 
 the sheer size of the place overwhelmed me , and i remembered wondering why i felt claustrophobic in a place so large . 
 it was like the darkness itself was a physical entity , and just as that thought formed in my head , i saw the shadows on the walls begin to ripple and sway , as if a candle were flickering nearby . 
 but there was no candle . 
 in fact , there was no light source i could see . 
 i moved closer and squinted , and that 's when the shadows peeled away from the walls . 
 they came over to me , snaked around my back , and guided me until i was standing in front of cole . 
 dark splotches of fluid ran down the wall where the shadows had been , as if little bubbles of oil had burst there . 
 i reached out to touch it . 
 whatever it was , it did n't feel cool like liquid . 
 it felt like air . 
 i turned to cole to ask him what it was , but i did n't get a chance . 
 the shadows surrounded us , pushing us closer together . 
 `` just relax , '' cole whispered . 
 the shadows began to move in circles around us , swirling , accelerating to the point where they looked like blurs of black , transforming into shrouds against my skin . 
 they cocooned us , and the tighter they wrapped , the tighter my chest felt . 
 but i guess i did n't need to breathe , because i did n't feel myself fighting for air . 
 cole 's face was at my ear . 
 `` they 're shades , nik . 
 they control the energy . 
 they bind us together and they protect your energy from spilling out and wasting any . '' 
 `` i do n't care . '' 
 and i did n't . 
 whatever this netting was that surrounded me , it lifted me up off the ground and held me suspended in the air , in a place where sorrow could n't reach me . 
 i was protected from everything that ever had , or ever would , hurt me , and i could n't imagine ever wanting to leave . 
 i was safe . 
 the shades constricted against us , so cole and i were as close as possible , our limbs pressed together , our arms around each other . 
 looking back , i 'm pretty sure we ended up inside one of the alcoves in the wall . 
 me , cole , and our cocoon of shadows . 
 at first , my memories of the surface began to change as i started forgetting the most recent events of my past . 
 my mom was n't dead anymore . 
 she was there in our kitchen , making coffee and pancakes on a sunday morning . 
 and my dad was n't forgiving the drunk driver who killed her . 
 he was with her in the kitchen , his arms around her waist as she turned the eggs over with the spatula . 
 and jack was n't with someone else . 
 he was waiting for me beneath the trampoline , a deck of cards in his hands . 
 eventually , though , my mom was in the kitchen alone , and i could n't remember what she was doing . 
 and jack was n't waiting under the trampoline . 
 he was floating in a sea of nothing-no setting , no home . 
 and then there was no mom , no kitchen . 
 jack 's face was there , but there was no name to go with it . 
 everyone stopped existing . 
 everyone except for jack , and even the memory of him was something i had to reach out and touch every so often , so as not to lose it . 
 cole would ask me what i remembered of my former life . 
 my answer was always the same . 
 `` nothing . '' 
 twenty-eight now my bedroom . 
 one week left . 
 kissing jack was like forgetting . 
 forgetting the mark on my arm . 
 forgetting the tunnels coming for me . 
 forgetting cole . 
 i realized it was probably the same for him , because he was kissing me like his lips could n't remember how to do anything else . 
 i was sure there would never be a reason for us to stop . 
 he kissed away the tunnels , and he kissed away my doubts . 
 our hands were all over each other , as if we were committing to memory every texture , every curve of the other . 
 jack pushed my jacket off my shoulders and down my arms and tossed it aside , revealing my tank top and my bare arms . 
 instinctively i tried to cover the mark on my left arm with my hand , but he would n't let me . 
 `` let me see it , '' he said . 
 i closed my eyes and rolled onto my back , but i let him hold my arm . 
 he traced his fingers from my collarbone down my arm to where the mark stopped . 
 he kissed my shoulder , where my mark was darkest , and then he lay down on his side next to me , facing me , his hand propping his head up . 
 `` i 'm going to kill him . '' 
 i sighed and mirrored his position . 
 `` you ca n't kill him . 
 he 's sort of immortal . '' 
 `` who says ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` he 's been around since the time of ancient myths . '' 
 `` but when he 's here , he 's made of flesh and blood . 
 whatever form he takes , he is flesh . 
 and blood . '' 
 `` even so , i do n't think it 's as simple as that . '' 
 his shoulders sagged a bit . 
 `` i know . '' 
 he glanced down at my arm . 
 `` do you know how much time you have ? '' 
 `` no . 
 not exactly . 
 a little over a week , maybe . '' 
 `` what about meredith ? 
 would n't she have the same amount of time ? '' 
 i thought back to the few days i 'd spent in cole 's apartment , just before he took me underground . 
 by the time we left , none of the other band members were on the surface . 
 they 'd all been ready with their forfeits . 
 `` she left before me . 
 that means she probably returned before me . '' 
 `` and the tunnels will come for her first . '' 
 jack gave a grunt of frustration . 
 something hit me right then , and a split second later i made sure the burst of intuition did n't show on my face . 
 even if will returned with mary , and even if she did know how to kill cole , i had no idea if my debt would be destroyed as well . 
 what if the tunnels were coming for me no matter what ? 
 jack looked like he was about to ask me what was wrong , so i brought his face to mine again . 
 for the first time in a hundred years , jack 's lips were against mine in a real kiss . 
 he was mine again , and in that moment , i made a decision . 
 i had to find a way to stay . 
 and i would n't stop searching for a loophole to my fate , until the moment the tunnels dragged me away . 
 the next morning , jack called and said will was having trouble coaxing meredith away from the cabin . 
 he wanted to pick me up and take me to her . 
 `` i ca n't leave right now , '' i said , cradling the phone . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` the election 's tomorrow . 
 i ca n't leave my family . 
 i ca n't risk these last moments . 
 i promised myself i would prepare them . '' 
 he was quiet . 
 `` i do n't mean tell them i 'm leaving . 
 but last time i disappeared in the middle of a fight with my dad . 
 i ca n't leave him like that again . '' 
 `` it 's okay , becks . 
 i 'll go , and i will bring her back , even if i have to force her . '' 
 i grimaced , but i knew he was telling the truth . 
 i promised jack i 'd do as much research on the internet as i could while they were gone , but there were only so many ways i could type `` how to avoid the tunnels '' into the search engine . 
 as my days dwindled , it was like i was living two lives . 
 the hopeful side of me raced around , frantic to find an answer , and the reasonable part of me had settled into savoring the last moments with my family . 
 trying to get alone time with my dad would be impossible until after the election , so i contacted percy jones and did whatever task he told me to do-passing out flyers , making phone calls-knowing the effort would eventually get back to my dad . 
 cole was giving me space . 
 i was sure he thought i was at the tipping point . 
 he had left me alone to contemplate my future . 
 he did n't know jack had come back . 
 if he did , he would 've been at my window , whether he promised to leave me alone or not . 
 after two long days , jack called me and said he and will were on their way home . 
 my dad won by a wide margin , so when the polls closed , there was no question . 
 his campaign held the victory party at the silver lodge hotel near the ski resort , and i put on the same black dress i 'd worn to the christmas dance , and i cheered at the right times and hit the balloons as they fell from the net in the ceiling . 
 i do n't know how i missed it , but i did . 
 even as percy was making the announcement in the microphone , introducing the victory band , i still did n't quite get it . 
 even as the last of the balloons fell lazily to the floor , and the older supporters made way for the younger ones , i still did n't get it . 
 the dead elvises were about to play at my father 's victory party . 
 surprise . 
 i was standing there , in the center of the crowd , frozen . 
 one of the campaign contributors next to me said loudly to her friend , `` percy did it . 
 he got the band to play ! '' 
 there was only one reason they 'd play a stodgy election party , and it was n't because of percy . 
 they were here for me . 
 they took the stage one by one . 
 cole was the final one out , his entrance delayed for impact . 
 the entire band believed what cole believed : that i would lead them to the throne in the everneath . 
 maxwell backed cole up , and fans who i 'm sure could n't give a rat 's ass about politics swarmed the dance floor . 
 my dad had done it . 
 he 'd shown everyone he was the hip answer to our town 's stagnant tourist industry . 
 the dead elvises were playing his party . 
 op-ed piece be damned . 
 but this time i was not a starstruck fan . 
 when the band ratcheted up the energy , i could see the traces of emotion from the people on the dance floor hanging in the air like a buffet . 
 as the band finished one song and began another , cole 's voice boomed over the crowd . 
 `` this one 's for the mayor 's daughter . '' 
 cole used the neck of his guitar to point toward me from the stage . 
 a few attendees turned their heads in my direction , and i automatically backed up until i hit the wall . 
 cole began to pick out a slower , discordant melody . 
 one that almost begged for resolution . 
 as he played , some of the lighter shades of emotions-the pleasant ones that you 'd find at a victory party-wafted through the air , as if attracted to the sounds of his guitar . 
 cole and the band were sampling from every single person there . 
 the colors that sought his guitar were soft , gentle hues , and as they gathered strength above cole they began releasing droplets , like a storm cloud 's first hints of rain . 
 the droplets danced and swayed above him and his guitar , as if they were obeying the instrument . 
 i glanced around at the faces in the audience . 
 it was obvious none of them saw the colors as i saw them . 
 looking back at cole , i realized the drops were accumulating on the guitar . 
 he made sure i was watching as he tipped his head back and inhaled deeply , sucking in much of the electric mist surrounding him . 
 seeing him gorge himself on stolen emotions made me realize i was still so empty . 
 i felt the hunger , so i started toward the exits to get away , but then something changed . 
 something was pulling me back . 
 pulling me down . 
 my eyes lost focus , and the noise from the band was replaced by a ringing sound in my ears . 
 a group of campaign contributors saw that i was leaving . 
 one of the women pulled me to her , saying she wanted to introduce the mayor 's daughter around . 
 my heart was beating fast . 
 too fast , as if the blood were spilling out of me and it could n't keep up . 
 as the strangers shook my hand , their faces blurred together . 
 somebody was asking me about college but i could n't hear above the muffled ringing in my ears . 
 `` are you okay , dear ? '' 
 the woman who had dragged me over asked . 
 `` um ... i 'm fine . 
 i just ... '' i noticed a fog above me , larger and denser than the one from the christmas dance . 
 cole was directing it . 
 but the energy cloud was n't from other people ... it was from me . 
 the entire band was feeding off me . 
 everything was blurry . 
 i tried to reach my hand up to my head , but it was n't obeying me . 
 as i looked up , i lost my bearings . 
 i stepped backward to try to balance , but i 'd really stepped forward , and the red carpet came rushing at my face . 
 just as i expected to slam into the floor , two arms caught me around my waist . 
 `` okay , becks . 
 you 're okay . 
 stay with me . '' 
 jack 's voice in my ear . 
 then louder , `` she 's just a little hypoglycemic . '' 
 `` get me out , '' i whispered faintly . 
 `` get me out . '' 
 jack heard me . 
 `` should i fetch some water ? '' 
 one of the women asked . 
 `` or should i get her father ? '' 
 `` no , '' jack said firmly . 
 `` no need to bother the mayor . 
 i 've seen her like this before , and all she needs is a little fresh air and some food . '' 
 he did n't wait for protests . 
 he scooped me into his arms and headed for the doors . 
 the music took on a screeching quality as if the fingers of the sound were grasping on to my body , trying to take hold , but we were outside before anyone could stop us . 
 jack set me on the bench . 
 `` becks ? 
 becks , open your eyes . 
 what happened ? '' 
 `` i did n't know they were ... '' i finished the explanation in my head , but the words got caught in my mouth . 
 `` what 's wrong with her ? '' 
 said a voice from nearby . 
 will 's voice . 
 `` i do n't know yet , '' jack answered . 
 he sat next to me and put an arm around my shoulders and pulled me close . 
 `` shh . 
 we 're out now . 
 it 's okay . '' 
 `` they fed on me . 
 the whole band . '' 
 i felt jack 's body tense . 
 `` why would he do that ? 
 what 's the point ? '' 
 `` to remind me what it 's going to feel like . '' 
 jack did n't say anything . 
 i was aware of will sitting down near my feet . 
 i rested there for a few long minutes with jack holding me tight . 
 my hands started to tremble like they did when i first returned . 
 most of the energy i had built up was gone . 
 `` did you find mary ? '' 
 i asked in a shaky voice . 
 `` yes , but she did n't want to be seen here . 
 she 's waiting for us at the abandoned firestone building . '' 
 i nodded and made a move to sit up . 
 `` let 's go , then . '' 
 `` no you do n't . '' 
 he pushed my shoulder down so i was lying on his lap . 
 `` rest for a little while more . '' 
 i did n't try to argue . 
 i just nodded and closed my eyes . 
 jack put his hand on my shoulder , holding tight to stop the shaking . 
 i did n't know how much time had passed when jack nudged me . 
 `` becks ? '' 
 `` mmmm ? '' 
 `` how do you feel now ? '' 
 i opened my eyes and slowly sat up . 
 i brought my fingers to my face and they trembled . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 hungry . '' 
 but i was n't as completely empty as i 'd expected . 
 nowhere near the point i was at almost six months ago . 
 i looked around . 
 `` where 's will ? '' 
 `` he went to make sure mary did n't run away . '' 
 jack took my face in his hands , and before i really thought about what he was doing , he brought my lips to his . 
 the taste of his pent-up despair left his mouth with the familiar whoosh , and it continued for a few long moments before the reasonable half of my brain took over . 
 i shoved him back . 
 `` what are you doing ? 
 you ca n't do that ! '' 
 he studied my face . 
 `` that 's better . 
 you look a little less ... dead now . '' 
 but his eyes had fresh circles under them , and his cheeks were noticeably sunken . 
 `` i do n't care . 
 you know how dangerous it is ? '' 
 he did n't answer as i took in a few deep breaths and blew them out . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' he said . 
 `` but i knew you 'd never ask . '' 
 i could feel tears spring up in my eyes , and i rubbed my thumb under my eye and kept my head down . 
 jack gathered me in his arms again . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i 'm so sorry . '' 
 and then , in a wavering voice , `` you ca n't go to the tunnels . '' 
 i looked up at his face . 
 `` if i do n't , then i 'll have to feed off someone else . 
 and i will always be draining someone in order to survive . 
 just like i was drained . '' 
 his phone buzzed right then , and he flipped it open to read a text . 
 `` mary 's waiting . 
 let 's go . '' 
 twenty-nine now meeting meredith . 
 days left . 
 jack drove us to the abandoned firestone tire factory , where squatters lived in between police sweeps . 
 will was waiting for us outside the doors . 
 `` where is she ? '' 
 jack asked . 
 `` inside , '' will said . 
 `` she wo n't talk to me . 
 wanted to wait for you two . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 jack reached for the door and will grabbed his arm . 
 `` mom 's freaking out . 
 said you 're not answering your phone . '' 
 `` yeah , well - '' `` do n't worry . 
 you two have this . 
 i 'll deal with mom . '' 
 will took off at a jog toward his car . 
 jack and i turned back to the building . 
 the wind had picked up and was blowing with such force that when we opened the large wooden door , it smacked against the wall with a loud clap . 
 we found meredith in a corner . 
 she was hunched over , rocking back and forth on her heels . 
 something was very wrong . 
 `` mary ? '' 
 jack said , crouching beside her . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 meredith raised her head off her knees . 
 `` this , '' she said , and she held out her arm to jack . 
 the longest fingers of her mark had reached her inner wrist , all the way to the crease between her wrist and her hand . 
 `` it stopped just now . 
 stopped right at the line . '' 
 she shoved her wrist closer to jack 's face . 
 i did n't realize it , but when she spoke i took a step back . 
 meredith looked frantic and despairing , and i realized that she was my future . 
 my bleak future , with all my fears , was staring me in the face . 
 i could n't speak . 
 `` what are you saying , mary ? '' 
 jack said . 
 `` how do you even notice something like that ? '' 
 meredith looked past jack and spoke to me . 
 `` it 'll go fast . 
 for an entire day , it will go fast . 
 so fast that you can actually see it move . 
 and then it will stop . '' 
 she put her head back on her arms and continued rocking . 
 the old building failed to keep the wind out , and the ends of her hair got caught in the draft . 
 it twisted and curled around her face . 
 `` maxwell told me at the end it speeds up , and then it stops . 
 and then the tunnels come , '' she said . 
 her lower lip began to tremble . 
 `` i was supposed to survive . 
 but i did n't . 
 i did n't . '' 
 she rocked back on her heels . 
 `` i should n't have returned . '' 
 she buried her head in her knees and started sobbing . 
 `` they 're coming for me , nikki . 
 the tunnels are coming and they wo n't stop until they have me . '' 
 `` mary , i 'm so sorry , '' i said . 
 jack stood straight , glanced at me for a quick moment , and then took hold of mary 's hand . 
 `` we 're getting out of here . '' 
 he pulled her up . 
 i could 've told him right then that there was no point , but something inside me would n't allow it . 
 jack needed to see how futile it all was . 
 and i needed to see what was waiting for me . 
 jack and i flanked mary , took her hands , and started pulling her along . 
 out of the building . 
 down the street toward the center of town . 
 leaves and dust got caught in the gusts of wind , making it difficult to see . 
 `` where are we going ? '' 
 mary asked , gasping for breath . 
 jack answered . 
 `` to cole 's place . 
 he has to see . 
 they all have to see what they 've done . 
 you know where it is , right , becks ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` it 's up near the resort . '' 
 we made it to jack 's car , and mary climbed into the passenger seat while i sat in the back . 
 jack shoved the gearshift and we were off . 
 the wind picked up and the trees on either side of the street bent and swayed as if our car were going so fast the suction was affecting them . 
 `` that 's a strong wind for park city , '' i said . 
 i do n't know why i said it . 
 jack did n't answer , but he stepped on the gas as we turned onto the highway that led to the ski resorts . 
 stray branches and twigs ricocheted off the windshield as we raced along . 
 i glanced toward the base of the mountains , a couple of football fields away . 
 the trees there did n't seem to be moving . 
 maybe it was too long a distance for me to see . 
 we wound our way up the mountain as the strange storm brewed outside . 
 jack looked in the rearview mirror , and then whipped his head around to look out the back window . 
 `` shit . '' 
 i turned around too , trying to make sense of what i saw . 
 a dark mass swirled behind us , as if a funnel cloud had been turned on its side and we were staring up one end . 
 i looked at the sky . 
 past the debris that encircled jack 's car , the sky above was clear . 
 the hairs on my arms stood straight , as if my body were reacting to an electrical current from the cloud , and then the mark started to spin and churn on my skin . 
 `` the tunnels , '' i said . 
 i glanced quickly at my own arm . 
 mary twisted around and caught me . 
 `` you feel it too ? '' 
 `` i feel something , '' i said , and then i looked up and noticed mary 's hair . 
 it was flapping against her face , as if there were a breeze in the car . 
 but the windows were rolled up . 
 whatever it was , it was stronger for her . 
 jack rammed the accelerator to the floor , screeching around every curve in the road until i was sure he would lose control , but the funnel cloud kept gaining on us . 
 mary turned to jack , and with a voice almost too soft for me to hear , she said , `` it 's over , jack . 
 pull over . '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 jack squeezed the steering wheel until his knuckles turned white . 
 `` we 'll find a shelter . 
 underground or something . '' 
 `` you know concrete walls wo n't stop it . '' 
 `` five minutes and we 're at cole 's place . 
 i want to see their faces at what they 've brought here . 
 five minutes , mary ! '' 
 she shook her head . 
 i 'd never seen her so lucid . 
 `` jack , if you do n't let me out , that thing behind us will destroy the car , too . 
 you ca n't give up on nikki now . '' 
 jack 's eyes flashed to me in the rearview mirror . 
 his shoulders sagged and i could feel him let up on the gas . 
 moments later the car came to a stop on the side of the road . 
 `` thank you , '' mary said . 
 she paused . 
 `` do you still have the bracelet i gave you ? '' 
 jack and i both nodded . 
 she closed her eyes and let out a long breath . 
 `` the bracelet holds a secret the daughters of persephone have been protecting for centuries . '' 
 she opened her eyes and looked at jack . 
 `` by telling you that , i 've betrayed all of my ancestors . '' 
 `` what secret ? '' 
 jack said . 
 she shook her head . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 she pulled on the handle and cracked open the door . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 i blurted from the backseat . 
 `` what about orpheus and eurydice ? 
 what did you mean , orpheus was strong ? '' 
 she looked at me for a moment . 
 `` poor nikki . 
 you wo n't like the answer . '' 
 then she leaned over the seat and whispered in my ear , `` you have a debt to the tunnels . 
 but the secret is , it does n't matter who fills it , as long as the debt is paid . '' 
 she kissed my cheek , and then , with the dexterity of a teenager , mary threw the door open and sprang out of the car . 
 all we could do was watch . 
 once she was out of the car , and waiting , the tunnels did n't hesitate . 
 the funnel cloud was on her , and then she was gone . 
 and everything went quiet . 
 jack clenched the steering wheel tightly until i was sure he would rip it off . 
 `` how long ? '' 
 his voice was barely audible . 
 i knew what he was asking . 
 `` meredith left two days before me . '' 
 he leaned his head down on the steering wheel . 
 `` how did this happen , becks ? '' 
 then he seemed to remember i was in the backseat . 
 `` would you please get up here and talk to me ? '' 
 i climbed into the front . 
 `` what did she say to you about orpheus ? '' 
 jack asked . 
 i looked him in the eyes . 
 it does n't matter who fills it , as long as the debt is paid . 
 orpheus was strong . 
 he took eurydice 's debt . 
 he went to the tunnels in her place . 
 i knew without a doubt that 's what mary was telling me . 
 but jack could never know that . 
 `` she told me orpheus stayed strong to the end , and helped eurydice choose the tunnels over her everliving . '' 
 jack narrowed his eyes . 
 `` we already knew that . '' 
 i looked out the window . 
 `` i know . 
 she was only reminding me that no matter how enticing cole makes it sound , we can still make the right choice . '' 
 jack sighed . 
 `` i should 've found you , becks . '' 
 `` when ? '' 
 `` that night at the dorm , when you drove off , i thought i 'd still have time to explain . 
 i did n't know about the kevin reid verdict . 
 i thought tomorrow morning would come , and then i 'd talk to you and everything would be okay . '' 
 he rested his head back on the steering wheel . 
 `` i should 've chased you down . 
 it 's my fault you went with cole . '' 
 `` no , it 's not . '' 
 `` but lacey was in my room . '' 
 and there he said it . 
 the thing we 'd never talked about . 
 he kept his head down on the steering wheel . 
 `` i was asleep , and i did n't know she was there . 
 one of the guys helped her get in . 
 nothing happened , but it could 've . 
 i thought if i could just talk to you , i could make it all okay . '' 
 i turned my head to look out the window . 
 the last bits of debris from the tunnels were settling to the ground . 
 `` it does n't matter anymore . 
 i made the decision to find cole . 
 i talked him into it . 
 you need to remember that , because when i 'm gone - '' `` you 're not going ! '' 
 i inhaled a long , deep breath and lowered my voice . 
 `` that night , when i left the dorm , i could 've gone home and shut myself in my room . 
 i could 've faced you and yelled at you . 
 but i did n't . 
 i took the easy way out . 
 i begged for the easy way out . 
 cole took the pain away , and i did n't care that it would ruin everything in my life , because i was stupid enough to think i had nothing else to lose . '' 
 i watched in the reflection of my window as he slammed the heel of his hand down onto the steering wheel over and over , so hard it cracked the plastic covering at the base . 
 watching the tunnels absorb mary , i lost that niggling little scrap of hope inside me . 
 but jack had n't . 
 i knew i could take his despair and make him focus . 
 `` jack . 
 what are we going to do about it ? '' 
 it worked . 
 he raised his head . 
 `` it all comes back to the bracelet . 
 the daughters were protecting a secret for the everneath , and i can only think of one secret worth protecting over all the others . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 he held my gaze . 
 `` how to bring them down . '' 
 thirty now my house . 
 forty-eight hours left . 
 jack and i ended up at my house , at my desk , while we tried to figure out where to start . 
 my dad and tommy were renting a room at the silver lodge after the win , but i begged him to let me stay at home instead . 
 jack and i had the house to ourselves . 
 i bent the desk lamp down as close to the bracelet as i could . 
 the markings on it were worn with a patina , so i grabbed a rag and a tube of toothpaste from the bathroom and dabbed a little dollop on the silver . 
 `` what 's that for ? '' 
 jack asked . 
 `` it 's a trick my mom taught me . 
 in a pinch , if you need your silver polished ... '' i rubbed the toothpaste onto the bracelet until the entire surface area was covered with a thin layer . 
 `` and then when you rub it off '' - i swiped it with the clean part of the rag - `` you get this . '' 
 i dangled the bracelet in front of jack 's face . 
 the worn , smudged parts were clear of dirt , and we could get a better look at the shape of the markings . 
 `` it does n't look like a language , '' jack said . 
 `` it looks more like pictures . 
 or symbols . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` maybe like hieroglyphs . 
 we are talking about mythology , after all . '' 
 jack 's leg was bouncing up and down . 
 `` jack , go grab a pencil and a paper . 
 you 're better at drawing . '' 
 he rifled through the top two drawers of my desk until he found a notebook and a pencil . 
 he set the paper on the desk and then looked from the bracelet to the paper , drawing what he saw . 
 the first shape looked like a pot . 
 the second like the outline of a person , only shaded in black . 
 the third like a bird with a human head . 
 i opened my laptop and searched for `` hieroglyphics bird with a human head , '' because that was the only symbol for which i could imagine search terms . 
 there were a few that did n't make sense at all . 
 but about halfway down the first page , i saw a similar image to the one on the bracelet . 
 i read off the screen . 
 `` bird with a human head can mean ` ba . ' 
 or soul . '' 
 `` try the other two , '' jack said . 
 i typed in `` hieroglyphics pot . '' 
 the search came up with thousands of entries . 
 no pattern as to what it meant . 
 i tried the human figure next . 
 `` hieroglyphics man shaded . '' 
 nothing . 
 i tried `` hieroglyphics human form '' and other descriptive terms for the outline of the person , but it did n't help . 
 `` it 's not going to work because i 'm not describing the symbols right . 
 i 'm saying ` human shape , ' but it 's too general , or completely wrong , because i 'm not getting any answers . '' 
 `` i know , becks . '' 
 he rubbed his chin with his fingertips . 
 i smiled . 
 another typical jack caputo move . 
 `` the bird with the human head was specific enough . 
 ` ba , ' right ? 
 so let 's look up ` ba ' and see if anything else pops up . '' 
 i typed `` ba '' into the search engine , but the first few entries were for british airways . 
 so i added `` hieroglyphics , '' and that 's when i saw it . 
 an article titled `` the five elements of the egyptian soul . '' 
 jack read over my shoulder . '' 
 ` the human soul is made up of five parts : the ren , the ba , the ka , the sheut , and the ib . 
 also known as the name , the personality , the life force , the shadow , and the heart . ' '' 
 each part had an associated symbol pictured next to it . 
 `` the bracelet shows all five symbols . '' 
 i looked at jack . 
 `` the five parts of the soul . 
 but what does it mean ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 we sat quiet for a moment , staring at the strange bracelet . 
 `` i thought it would be something obvious , '' jack said . 
 `` like a recipe for a poison apple ? '' 
 he gave me a wry smile . 
 `` something like that . '' 
 his smile gave way and he picked up the bracelet and held it closer to his eyes . 
 `` it 's there . 
 we 're just not seeing it . '' 
 i was n't so sure . 
 jack noticed my skepticism . 
 `` it 's there , becks . 
 why would mary spend her last moment aboveground leaving us this clue if she knew it would come to nothing ? 
 one last practical joke she would n't be around to see ? 
 i do n't think so . 
 it 's valuable enough that the daughters of persephone went through a lot of trouble to keep it . 
 it 's got ta mean something . '' 
 `` i hope you 're right . 
 so what do we do now ? '' 
 jack pointed to my computer . 
 `` we start showing it around . 
 somebody out there knows what it means . '' 
 i thought about the missing reporter . 
 `` that could be dangerous . '' 
 he just shrugged . 
 `` what do we have to lose ? '' 
 jack took a picture of the bracelet with his phone and emailed it to both of our accounts . 
 he folded the paper with his own drawings . 
 `` come to school with me tomorrow . '' 
 `` jack , i have two days left at the most . 
 why - '' `` just to mrs. stone 's class . 
 she 's a mythology geek . 
 maybe she can help , or point us in the right direction . 
 she took those classes in college , the one where that professor was nuts for this stuff . 
 i do n't know ... '' jack covered his mouth as he tried to stifle a yawn . 
 i glanced at the clock . 
 it was nearly two in the morning . 
 `` you 're tired , '' i said . 
 i reached out and traced the circles under his eyes . 
 `` you should go and get some sleep . 
 we 're both going to need it . '' 
 jack looked down , and when he spoke again his voice was gruff . 
 `` i do n't know if i can say good night . '' 
 i could see the little divot appear in between his eyebrows . 
 i wanted to smooth it out . 
 smooth away the worry there . 
 `` i 'll still be here tomorrow . 
 i promise . '' 
 he was waiting for me to disappear again , and it killed me . 
 he nodded like he believed me , but he did n't move . 
 i leaned toward him and kissed him on the cheek . 
 he held perfectly still . 
 `` you need sleep , '' i whispered , my lips at his ear . 
 i saw his cheeks pull up into a grin . 
 `` if this is your way of convincing me , it 's not working . 
 how about i just stay here ? '' 
 `` you know if you stay here , we wo n't be able to sleep . '' 
 he sighed . 
 `` you 're right . 
 i know you 're right . '' 
 he left before either of us wanted to part . 
 i fell asleep quickly , the effects of the band 's meal robbing me of energy , but when i woke up i knew it was too early to actually get up . 
 i looked out the window to see if there was any sign of the day beginning , and saw jack 's car parked alongside the curb outside our house . 
 fog on a couple of the windows obscured a peek inside . 
 i checked the grass . 
 the tips were white with an overnight frost . 
 i put on a thick robe and my slippers and grabbed a couple of blankets from the linen closet . 
 outside , i took a breath , and it felt like dry ice making its way down the back of my throat . 
 i picked up the pace to the curb and knocked on the driver 's - side window . 
 the indistinct shape inside jumped , and the door cracked open . 
 jack sat up . 
 he rubbed his hands over his arms and then curled his fingertips and breathed on them . 
 `` what time is it ? '' 
 i threw a blanket around him , tucking it in on the sides . 
 `` it 's five thirty . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 he closed his eyes again and started to curl back up against the seat . 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 `` you never were a morning person . 
 you can still sleep , but not in the car . 
 come inside . '' 
 i thought he 'd put up more of a fight , but he followed me silently into my house and into my room . 
 i shut the door behind us , and jack curled up on the floor in the corner under the windowsill . 
 `` jack , sleep on the bed . '' 
 `` nope . 
 i 'm good here . '' 
 his eyes were still closed . 
 i did n't think he 'd opened them once yet . 
 i was about to insist , but he was already snoring softly , so i draped the blanket over him and climbed back in my bed and drifted . 
 jack woke me up about an hour later , fully dressed , hair combed , breath smelling like toothpaste . 
 `` let 's go , becks . 
 time to make our last stand . 
 i 'll be in the living room . '' 
 i threw on some clothes , brushed my hair and my teeth , and met him inside our entryway . 
 on the drive to school , jack held my hand . 
 `` it 's not going to come for you , becks . 
 we 'll figure this out . '' 
 i nodded . 
 i could n't say anything for fear of breaking down completely . 
 he held my hand as we walked into mrs. stone 's classroom . 
 mrs. stone was there , marking some papers at her desk . 
 she looked up . 
 `` ms. beckett . 
 mr. caputo . 
 you 're both early . 
 what can i help you with ? '' 
 jack tossed the bracelet so that it landed on her desk , right in front of her . 
 `` we were wondering if you could tell us anything about the markings on this . 
 anything at all . '' 
 jack was trying to keep his voice even . 
 mrs. stone put her reading glasses on and studied the jewelry . 
 `` it 's hard to see what the figures are ... '' jack pulled out the paper with his drawings on it and put it in front of her . 
 `` maybe this will help . 
 they 're my own drawings , so they 're not , like ... professional or anything . 
 but we think they 're hieroglyphics . '' 
 she looked at us both for a few seconds . 
 `` why would you have a bracelet with hieroglyphics on it ? '' 
 i was about to say something , but jack beat me to it . 
 `` that new store on main is selling them . 
 each bracelet is supposed to mean something different . '' 
 `` oh . 
 then do you think this could wait until after school ? '' 
 jack switched on his most charming grin . 
 `` i sorta bet my friend we could figure it out before he did . 
 please ? '' 
 she gave a half smile and looked at the paper with his drawings . 
 `` well , i know the pot is the symbol for heart . 
 that one 's sort of universal . 
 but the others ... '' i looked at jack and shook my head . 
 this was going to be a waste of time if all she could do was confirm what we already knew . 
 jack leaned against her desk . 
 `` i was doing a little research , and the other symbols might have something to do with the parts of the soul ... or something ? '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` that sounds familiar . '' 
 `` do you know of any books we could check out ? 
 maybe at the library ? '' 
 `` library ... '' her voice trailed off and she held a finger up in the air . 
 `` one of my old professors at the university would be the one to talk to . 
 he 's the one who convinced me to use myths as a basis for my creative-writing projects , but of course , i never got into it so much that i would know how to read hieroglyphs ... when i get home tonight , i 'll see if i can find some contact info for you - '' `` it 'll be too late tonight , '' jack interrupted . 
 i put my hand on his arm , and he took a breath . 
 `` i mean , my friend is really close to ... look , mrs. stone . 
 can we just straight-up ask it as a favor ? '' 
 she gave him a curious look and let him continue . 
 `` if he 's a professor at the university , that means his email 's probably on their site . 
 i have a picture of the bracelet . 
 we could email it to him . 
 it 's important . '' 
 jack looked down , and when he spoke again his voice was anguished . 
 `` it 's everything to me . '' 
 `` do you promise to turn in your scholarship applications by next week ? '' 
 jack cracked a grin . 
 `` whatever you want . '' 
 `` that 's what i want . '' 
 mrs. stone followed us to the computer lab , and she logged on to her email while jack found the university 's contact page on another monitor . 
 `` i 'll send the email from my account , '' mrs. stone said , `` but i 'm sure you realize dr. spears is probably really busy . 
 he may not get the sense of urgency you seem to have . '' 
 `` i understand , '' jack said . 
 `` but we have to try . '' 
 mrs. stone typed out a quick message , even telling dr. spears he would be doing her a huge favor if he looked at the picture of the bracelet as soon as possible and helped decipher its meaning . 
 `` you know , if you two had n't been putting in your time for my class every day , i would n't be doing this . '' 
 `` thank you , '' i said . 
 mrs. stone cc 'd jack 's email address , attached the picture , and then clicked send . 
 she sat back in the lab chair . 
 `` okay . 
 we 'll see what happens . 
 mr. caputo , i expect your scholarship papers by the end of the week . '' 
 `` done , '' jack said . 
 we had only a few minutes before the start of class , so we hurried back to mrs. stone 's classroom . 
 after i took my seat , jack scooted his desk a couple of inches closer to mine . 
 i smiled . 
 he leaned close and said , `` becks , all we need is one little spark . 
 one little push in the right direction . 
 i do n't think that 's too much to hope for , do you ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` if we do n't hear anything by lunchtime , i 'll start posting it on boards . 
 classifieds . 
 everywhere . '' 
 about ten minutes into mrs. stone 's lecture on walt whitman 's leaves of grass , jack 's phone vibrated in his hand , indicating a new email . 
 he read the screen , and as he did his left foot started tapping . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 i whispered . 
 `` professor spears . 
 requesting an immediate phone call . 
 he left his number . '' 
 i drew in a deep breath . 
 i could n't believe he had responded so quickly . 
 this was it . 
 whatever that bracelet meant , it was important enough to warrant an immediate phone call with the head of the anthropology department at the university . 
 jack kept his eyes on mrs. stone as he typed a response under his desk . 
 `` i told him we 'd call at the end of class , '' jack whispered . 
 `` does n't mrs. stone have her second period free ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` i want her here for this so she can back us up if we need it . '' 
 the minute hand on the wall clock decided to take the long way around , and the rest of class dragged . 
 when the bell finally rang , jack and i sprinted to mrs. stone 's desk . 
 `` professor spears wants to talk , '' jack blurted out , his thumb already on the keypad of his phone . 
 `` i 'm calling him . '' 
 mrs. stone pulled her eyebrows together and said , `` i do n't think - '' she did n't finish , because jack had pressed send and it was ringing . 
 `` you talk , '' jack said , handing the phone to mrs. stone . 
 `` please . '' 
 we were silent as we listened to mrs. stone 's end of the conversation . 
 jack nearly ripped the desk in half as mrs. stone asked about the professor 's current research , but then it sounded like professor spears cut it short . 
 mrs. stone stopped talking and handed the phone to jack . 
 `` he wants to talk to you . '' 
 jack took it . 
 `` hello , professor spears . 
 thanks for calling - '' jack looked at me as he listened . 
 `` okay , do you mind if i put you on speaker ? '' 
 he put the phone down on the desk between us . 
 `` you were saying ? '' 
 jack said . 
 professor spears 's voice crackled through the line . 
 `` i 'm wondering where you got this bracelet . 
 it 's a copy , correct ? '' 
 `` a copy of what ? '' 
 `` i know of only one like it in existence , and it 's in storage at the smithsonian . 
 the design is not something you 'd expect everyday jewelers to replicate . '' 
 he paused and sounded a little like he was chuckling . 
 `` it 's just that your picture almost makes it look authentic-or , at the very least , an expensive replica - and i wondered where you got it . '' 
 jack ignored his question . 
 `` we thought the symbols had something to do with the five parts of the egyptian soul . 
 is that right ? '' 
 `` yes , but that 's only the beginning of the meaning behind the markings . 
 it 's the position of each picture on the bracelet that tells the story . 
 the bracelet refers to an ancient civilization called the ring of the dead . '' 
 `` what does that mean ? '' 
 jack interrupted . 
 `` i 'm getting to that . 
 do you see how the sheut , the ren , and the ba are grouped together ? '' 
 we were both silent , staring at the picture . 
 `` um ... '' jack said . 
 `` the sheut , the shadow figure . 
 the ren , the name . 
 and the ba , the personality . 
 got it ? '' 
 `` yes , '' i said . 
 i did n't think we had much choice in the matter . 
 `` and in the center , we see the ib , or the heart ; it looks like a pot . '' 
 jack and i both nodded , even though professor spears could n't see us . 
 `` and on the other end is the ka . 
 the life force . 
 the entire picture represents those humans who have discovered the key to eternal life , by giving up their own kas , or life forces , and stealing the kas of others . 
 so the bracelet has to do with the royalty of the ring of the dead . 
 the akh ghosts . 
 or everlivings , as some more contemporary studies have deemed them . 
 of course , these are all fringe theories . '' 
 my heart sped up . 
 everlivings . 
 i could n't believe there were actually people out there who knew about them . 
 `` keep going , please , professor spears , '' i whispered . 
 `` you see , ancient myth has us believe death can occur only when the ka leaves the body . 
 akh ghosts replenish their kas constantly , and therefore the ka never leaves their bodies and death can not touch them . '' 
 my mouth opened a bit , and i looked at jack . 
 even mrs. stone had taken an interest in the conversation . 
 she sat in a desk behind jack , listening . 
 `` akh ghosts are sort of a popular legend in anthropology circles . '' 
 he chuckled softly . 
 `` some of my own colleagues believe akh ghosts wander the face of the earth today . 
 i think it adds to their zeal for our area of study ... '' i stopped listening as professor spears told of the quirks of some of his colleagues . 
 i only tuned in again when he said , `` where did you get the replica , by the way ? 
 its likeness to the one stored at the smithsonian is extraordinary . 
 if possible , i 'd love the chance to have a look at it . '' 
 `` tourist knockoff , '' jack said . 
 `` you 're in park city , are you not ? 
 why would a town focused on a tourist trade of american indian artifacts have a bracelet with ancient egyptian roots ? '' 
 `` because tourists do n't know the difference . '' 
 `` maybe , '' professor spears conceded . 
 `` but i 'd still like to talk to the shop owner . 
 perhaps he received inspiration from something else in his possession , and maybe he does n't know what he has . 
 museum artifacts are found this way all the time . 
 someone buys a house and finds something in the attic , or buried in the backyard . '' 
 he paused , waiting for an answer . 
 i narrowed my eyes at jack , and he raised his eyebrows and shrugged . 
 i answered . 
 `` i got the bracelet from a friend , so i 'll have to ask her . '' 
 `` one last question , if you have a moment ... '' jack said . 
 `` shoot . '' 
 `` how do you kill an akh ghost ? '' 
 there was a pause on the phone line . 
 `` uh , are you serious ? '' 
 `` it 's for a paper . '' 
 jack sounded so convincing , even i believed him for a second . 
 `` theoretically , how would it happen ? '' 
 `` joyce , what kind of assignments are you handing out these days ? '' 
 we both looked at mrs. stone . 
 she leaned toward the phone as if it were a microphone . 
 `` it 's extra credit . 
 trust me , jack needs it . '' 
 she winked at jack . 
 `` well , as the image shows , the akh ghost existence is based on a perfect balance , this exact configuration of the five elements . 
 if one of them were to throw the others out of balance ... if the akh ghost no longer had access , say , to other people 's kas . 
 other people 's energy . '' 
 i felt my shoulders sag . 
 there was no way we could prevent cole from feeding off others . 
 jack must 've thought the same thing , because he asked , `` what about the heart ? 
 why is it separate but in the middle ? '' 
 `` because it 's not part of the being , but it 's nearby . '' 
 `` can they live without it ? '' 
 i jerked my head at jack , but he was staring intently at the phone . 
 the line crackled , as if dr. spears had breathed deeply into the receiver . 
 `` i guess not . 
 but you must find out where the heart beats first . 
 hypothetically . '' 
 we were all quiet for a moment . 
 mrs. stone looked at jack and he nodded . 
 she leaned forward again and said , `` thank you again , professor . '' 
 `` of course , joyce . 
 and , kids , if you find out where exactly the bracelet comes from , please do let me know . '' 
 we hung up the phone . 
 we were going after cole 's heart . 
 thirty-one now jack 's car . 
 thirty-six hours left . 
 we walked out of the school and straight to jack 's car . 
 he turned on the engine and the heat . 
 i looked back at the school , aware that i probably would n't set foot inside it again . 
 `` what do you think , becks ? '' 
 jack said . 
 i turned away from the building . 
 `` cole always tells me he has a heart , but it 's not inside him . 
 i 've even listened to his chest . 
 there 's nothing there . '' 
 `` if it 's not inside him , it 's got ta be near him . 
 we just have to figure out where it is . 
 professor spears was right about the life force stuff . 
 we have to assume he 's right about the heart , too , which means it 's valuable to cole . 
 so valuable that he would protect it with everything he has . '' 
 `` maybe it 's locked away in a vault or something ? 
 like in an urn . '' 
 i could only imagine a shrunken actual heart , but perhaps i was being too literal . 
 `` but the band moves around so much , '' jack countered . 
 `` i 'd guess it would be in something portable . 
 not as fragile as an urn . '' 
 `` wait , '' i said . 
 something portable . 
 something valuable . 
 something he protects and keeps with him always . 
 something as important to him as my own hands were to me . 
 `` his guitar . '' 
 i got excited thinking about it . 
 `` his guitar . '' 
 jack repeated the words , as if trying them out . 
 `` he takes it everywhere . 
 and once , when i touched it , he freaked out . '' 
 i remembered the day in my bedroom when i 'd clawed at the strings . 
 `` i should 've seen it before . 
 he uses music to stir the emotions and circulate the life force of the audience , just before he steals energy . 
 it 's like an actual heart ; the center of the circulatory system . 
 pumping the nourishment . 
 i watched him do it . 
 it 's his guitar ... '' i stopped talking . 
 jack was staring at my arm , his eyes wide . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i demanded . 
 `` the fingers . 
 i can see them moving . '' 
 i looked down at the mark , which was visible beneath the thin cotton of my shirt . 
 it was halfway between my elbow and my wrist . 
 i did n't see it at first , but as i stared , i saw the line creeping . 
 `` mary said it would speed up , '' i said . 
 jack was quiet for a moment , staring at it . 
 then his arms were around me and he crushed me into him . 
 `` i ca n't lose you again , becks . '' 
 `` you 're not going to . '' 
 this time , though , i actually believed it might be possible . 
 jack drove us to groundsandink . 
 his left leg never stopped bouncing . 
 when we found a booth , he ordered two coffees . 
 `` make them decaf , '' i said to the waitress . 
 jack nodded . 
 when the server left , he said , `` we 've got to figure out a way to separate cole from his guitar . '' 
 the words spilled out of his mouth and ran together . 
 `` do you think it 's just a matter of getting it away from him ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` we find it , steal it , and then smash it . '' 
 i laughed a desperate sound . 
 `` so all we have to do is find cole , get close enough to him that we can steal his guitar - without him knowing it-and then smash it . 
 and we have twenty-four hours . '' 
 i tilted my head back and looked at the ceiling . 
 `` i know how we can get close to him , '' jack said quietly . 
 `` how ? '' 
 `` we give him the one thing he wants . '' 
 he was staring at his hand as he flicked his ring finger with his thumb . 
 `` me . '' 
 he nodded , still not looking at me . 
 `` and then i think i know someone who would love to smash a guitar . '' 
 we left the coffee shop and jack drove me to my house . 
 we had decided to wait until the next morning to go to cole 's place . 
 it was my idea , in case we failed . 
 i could n't stand the thought of waiting those last few hours for the tunnels . 
 if our plan did n't work , i wanted the tunnels to get me that very instant . 
 jack pulled over in front of my house . 
 my dad 's car was in the driveway . 
 he and tommy were home from the silver lodge . 
 `` um ... where will you ... '' i bit my lip . 
 `` i 'll be in your room . 
 do n't lock the window . '' 
 he touched his lips and then touched my hand . 
 i nodded and got out of the car . 
 my father , tommy , and i ate a simple dinner that night . 
 french toast . 
 breakfast for dinner . 
 just what the mayor needed after a tiring campaign . 
 when i first got to the everneath , i sometimes pictured what i would say to my dad and tommy if i had the chance . 
 but imagining the scene was very different from living it . 
 tonight i had nothing to say . 
 no wisdom to impart . 
 no tearful good-byes . 
 i had once had the words , but now they fell through me , as if i were a defunct sieve . 
 just one more ordinary dinner , in our ordinary kitchen , under ordinary circumstances . 
 as if nothing were different . 
 i realized then that my return had been painful . 
 more painful than i ever could have imagined , with birthdays of tommy 's that i 'd never get to see , and the inauguration of my dad that i would n't be able to attend , and good-byes i 'd never be able to say . 
 but it 'd been beautiful , too . 
 the moments i could cling to , like the touch of tommy 's golden hair beneath my fingers , and the sound of my dad 's voice as he talked to my mom when he thought no one else was listening . 
 when we were done , i hurried and did the dishes , and then i hugged tommy and said good night . 
 `` you never hug , '' tommy said . 
 i kissed the top of his head , scruffed up his hair . 
 if this worked , i would do everything i could to make life normal for my little brother . 
 i headed down the hall to my room , opened the door , and shut it behind me . 
 jack was lying on his back on my bed , his hands behind his head , staring at the ceiling . 
 without a word , i laid down next to him , facing him . 
 he turned to look at me . 
 we were quiet for a moment . 
 i studied his face-the bend of his cheekbones , the curve of his lips . 
 softly , i touched the post in his eyebrow . 
 his eyes crinkled in response . 
 `` when did you get it ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` a month after you left , '' he said , `` my mom told me to forget you . 
 that you were gone , and you were never coming back , and that i was better off without you . '' 
 his lip quirked up in a half smile . 
 `` i knew she would hate it . '' 
 i smiled , then leaned in and kissed his eyebrow . 
 his eyes flicked to my arm . 
 the mark crept along , unstoppable , and as i watched it , the weight of all the things i could n't change came crashing down on me . 
 this was the last night . 
 our last night . 
 the last time i would feel his calloused hands on my skin . 
 i looked at his beautiful face , and i could n't bear it . 
 every breath i took meant another grain of sand in my hourglass disappeared , and i only had a few left . 
 i tried not breathing . 
 i was losing it , and i turned away . 
 jack put his arm around my waist and pulled me tight against him , so my back was cradled against his chest . 
 he knew exactly what i was feeling . 
 he breathed slowly , deliberately near my ear , willing my own breathing to mirror his . 
 `` do you want to know the first time i ever saw you ? '' 
 he said with his lips at my ear . 
 i knew the story , but i nodded anyway , frantically . 
 `` your family had just moved in . 
 you were ... how old were you , becks ? '' 
 i shrugged , and he ran his fingers over my head , calming me . 
 he knew the answer . 
 `` you were eleven , '' he said . 
 `` i was twelve . 
 i remember joey velasquez talking about the pretty new girl in the neighborhood . 
 actually his exact words were ` the hot chick . ' 
 but i did n't think a thing about it until i saw you at the baseball field . 
 we were having practice at the park and your family showed up for a picnic . 
 you had so much dark hair , and it was hiding your face . 
 remember ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` i know what you 're trying to do . '' 
 he ignored me . 
 `` i had to see if joey was right , about the hot chick part , and i kept trying to get a good look at your face , but you never looked over our way . 
 i hit home run after home run trying to get your attention , but you could n't be bothered with my record-shattering , superhuman performance . '' 
 i smiled , and breathed in slowly . 
 i 'd heard this story so many times before . 
 the familiarity of it enveloped me with warmth . 
 `` so what did you do ? '' 
 i asked , fully aware of the answer . 
 `` i did the only thing i could think of . 
 i went up to bat , lined my feet up in the direction of your head , and swung away . '' 
 `` hitting the foulest foul ball anyone had ever seen , '' i continued the story . 
 i felt him chuckle next to me . 
 `` yep . 
 i figured in order to return the ball , you 'd have to get really close to me , because ... '' he waited for me to fill in the blank . 
 `` because someone made the mistake of assuming i would throw like a girl , '' i said softly . 
 he pressed his lips against my head before he went on . 
 `` which , of course , was stupid of me to think . 
 you stood right where you were and chucked the ball farther than i 'd ever seen a girl , or even any guy , chuck it . '' 
 `` it was all those years of bonnet ball my parents forced on me . '' 
 `` the entire team went nuts . 
 you gave a little tiny shrug , like it was no big deal , and sat back down with your family . 
 completely ignoring me again . 
 so my plan totally backfired . 
 not only did you get the attention of every boy on the field - which was not my intention-but i got reamed by the coach , who could n't understand why i suddenly decided to stand perpendicular to home plate . '' 
 it 'd worked . 
 my breathing was slow again . 
 i turned against his body , so i was facing him , and wrapped my arms around his back and tangled my legs up with his . 
 i 'd spent a hundred years with cole , in a similar position , but this was nothing like it . 
 there were no outside forces keeping us together . 
 no otherworldly powers interfering with this simple act . 
 no . 
 jack wanted me close because he wanted me . 
 separating from him now would be worse than anything i 'd felt before . 
 separating from him now would make me bleed , and i would never stop . 
 i did n't tell him this . 
 i did n't have to . 
 we stayed like that for hours-my head on his stomach - trying so hard not to fall asleep . 
 as if we could stop time . 
 thirty-two now my house . 
 hours left . 
 in the morning , jack left to go pick up will , and i went to my kitchen and took out a pen and two pieces of paper . 
 my dad and tommy deserved letters this time . 
 they were the closest thing i had to a real good-bye . 
 in the letters , i tried to explain that i was gone , and that i was n't coming back . 
 i tried to express my love . 
 i tried to make it all okay . 
 i tried . 
 when i was finished , i folded up the letters and placed them under the milk carton . 
 except for the rare dinner of french toast , the only time my family ever drank milk was at breakfast , so i was pretty sure my dad would n't discover the letters until tomorrow morning at the earliest . 
 if i made it back , i could get them before they were ever read . 
 jack was back on my porch within the hour . 
 `` sorry , it took me a little while to find will . '' 
 `` is he sober ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he nodded . 
 `` mostly . 
 enough to drive his own car . 
 you ready ? '' 
 i glanced behind me , toward the empty house and the letters to my family , and then i turned back to jack . 
 `` yes . '' 
 jack took my hand and pulled me toward his car . 
 i looked up at him as we walked . 
 the sun was behind his head , burning through his hair , and i had the feeling that the way he looked right then would be the picture in my head forever . 
 `` jack , do me a favor ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` anything , becks . '' 
 `` do n't let go of my hand . 
 and if the tunnels come for me , do n't let go until the last moment . '' 
 `` if the tunnels come for you , i 'll hold on , and they wo n't be able to take you . '' 
 i smiled at the sentiment , even though i knew that no one would be able to hold on . 
 jack and i drove toward the condo in a new state of mind . 
 we 'd both been stripped of all the evasiveness , all the lies , everything we 'd ever kept from each other . 
 layer by layer , we had given up our defenses and our excuses and our demands for whys and hows , and what was left were two broken beings . 
 clinging to one last shred of hope . 
 tethered to each other . 
 i could n't speak as to what occupied jack 's mind on that drive , but i knew what i was hoping for . 
 that jack would be able to recover . 
 that he would heal . 
 that those who loved him would soon repair the broken sheathing around his raw soul , and that his memories of me , while tender , would n't define him . 
 i could n't tell him this , because then he would know the doubt in my mind , and now was n't the time for doubt . 
 first , i hoped we would succeed in destroying cole 's guitar . 
 the other things were a silent prayer , kept close to my heart , for just in case . 
 as we got closer to cole 's condo , jack and i went over our plan again . 
 it was n't very complex . 
 i would let cole believe i 'd chosen him over the tunnels , and then when we found the guitar , we 'd make a break for it and toss it off the balcony and into the cement courtyard . 
 or smash it against the floor . 
 but tossing it sounded better , because then nobody would be near enough to fight us . 
 we did n't talk about my dad , or tommy , or jules . 
 we did n't talk about failing . 
 we did n't talk about how the mark was about a finger-width 's distance from my wrist line . 
 i remembered the bend in the road that would reveal the massive condo on the hillside closest to the resort ski lift . 
 i 'd made this drive almost exactly one year ago . 
 that time , there 'd been an early spring , and the road was clear . 
 now it was covered with a couple of inches of packed snow . 
 jack parked as close to the door as possible , and we climbed the stairs . 
 outside the front door , i looked at jack and he nodded . 
 i knocked . 
 maxwell opened it , and i shoved my way past him . 
 `` where 's cole ? '' 
 i said . 
 before he could answer , i raised my voice . 
 `` cole ! 
 get down here . '' 
 `` nik ? '' 
 i looked up in the direction the voice came from . 
 cole was leaning on the second-floor railing that looked over the spacious living room . 
 i could n't see his guitar . 
 i held up my arm . 
 `` i 'm out of time , cole . '' 
 `` i know . 
 i 'd almost given up . '' 
 he looked from me to jack , and his forehead creased with pain for a flash , and then it was gone . 
 replaced by a calm expression , his eyes suddenly dark . 
 `` i hope you did n't come here to ask for my help . 
 you know i have no power over the balance of the everneath . '' 
 he glanced at jack . 
 `` sorry , bro . 
 even with your biceps , we ca n't fight the force of nature . '' 
 jack 's mouth tightened , but he held back his response . 
 `` cole , look at me , '' i said . 
 cole hesitated for a moment and then swung his gaze back to me , and i met his stare . 
 `` i 'm going with you . '' 
 he froze . 
 did n't move for a full thirty seconds . 
 maxwell and gavin appeared from the back room , silently watching . 
 cole stood up straight . 
 `` i 'm not buying it . '' 
 he turned around . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 jack called . 
 cole stopped . 
 `` it was my idea . '' 
 cole turned to face us slowly . 
 `` i convinced her to go with you . 
 she 's going away anyway . 
 better to rule hell than serve it . '' 
 i stepped forward and raised my arm , showing my wrist . 
 `` cole , please come talk to us . '' 
 he narrowed his eyes , skeptical , and i thought it was over then and there . 
 but then he said , `` be right there . '' 
 he turned back and disappeared down the hall that would lead to the stairs . 
 i looked up at jack . 
 he whispered , `` let 's hope he brings the guitar . '' 
 but when cole descended the last flight of stairs , his hands were in his pockets . 
 no guitar strap over his shoulder . 
 i tried not to let even a hint of disappointment show in my face . 
 we had a backup plan . 
 cole followed us outside to the balcony of the condo , and we made sure that his back was to the front door . 
 the air outside stirred with a rush of unseasonably warm air . 
 i looked at my wrist . 
 the marks had stopped moving . 
 i pulled my sleeve forward to cover it and stared at cole 's face . 
 i had to focus extra hard on watching cole , so my eyes would n't flick one bit when will made his move . 
 will knew exactly what to do . 
 the army had trained him for this . 
 when he appeared in my peripheral vision , behind cole , he was wearing his army fatigues and camouflage . 
 i fought a smile as he slipped inside the open condo door . 
 he would be in and out before the rest of the band even knew what was happening . 
 jack stepped aside , shuffling his feet against the wood to mask any noise , and leaned back against the wall . 
 he looked away as cole spoke to me . 
 `` what 's this all about , nik ? '' 
 cole said . 
 `` i 'm going with you . 
 i do n't want to be in the tunnels . '' 
 `` but you 'll have to feed . '' 
 `` i know . 
 why are you being like this ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` i thought you 'd be happy . '' 
 `` because it seems so unlike you . 
 i 've never followed someone during the return , but i know for a fact nobody would choose the tunnels over the court . 
 except you . 
 you 're stalwart in your selflessness , to the point of self-destruction , which is why i 'll ask you again . 
 what are you doing here ? '' 
 softer , he added , `` you would never come with me . '' 
 behind him i saw movement from the doorway of his condo . 
 will was at the threshold , cole 's guitar in his hand . 
 i grabbed cole 's arm to stop him from going any farther . 
 `` i did n't think i would . 
 but there 's nothing i would n't do for jack , '' i said . 
 cole looked at jack and then back at me . 
 `` i 'm scared , cole . '' 
 cole 's expression immediately softened , and he blinked quickly a few times . 
 i kept going . 
 `` i promised jack you 'd take care of me . 
 that i 'd be safe with you . '' 
 `` of course , nik . 
 i wo n't let anything bad happen to you ever again . 
 you 'll be a queen . 
 you 'll be safe . 
 and you 'll live forever . '' 
 he reached for my hand . 
 out of the corner of my eye , i watched will step quietly out the door . 
 he had four feet to go to the railing , where the cement below would ensure the guitar 's destruction . 
 three feet . 
 jack shifted his stance and looked back at cole . 
 but before he did , his eyes flicked for the tiniest second toward will . 
 cole whipped around as will reached the edge . 
 `` will ! 
 throw it off ! '' 
 i screamed . 
 will hoisted the instrument over the side of the railing an instant before cole charged him and tackled him . 
 he went flying back and landed with a thud on the ground , cole on top of him . 
 but it was too late . 
 i heard the crunching sound from down below of a guitar exploding on the cement . 
 i yanked up my sleeve . 
 i did n't know what was supposed to happen , but the mark was still there . 
 still frozen at my wrist line . 
 the wind picked up , twisting my hair into a spiral that lifted off my back . 
 cole pushed himself off will and stood . 
 his eyes cut over to me and he reached into his pocket . 
 `` were you looking for this , nik ? '' 
 he took out a tiny triangular piece of plastic . 
 his guitar pick . 
 `` my heart . 
 you missed . '' 
 he frowned , his eyes sad . 
 `` you 'd actually kill me ? '' 
 i held my breath and put my hand over my wrist , rubbing the skin . 
 jack stepped in front of me , blocking cole . 
 `` becks , '' jack said . 
 he was staring behind me with the most pained expression i 'd ever seen . 
 i knew what he saw there . 
 i had seconds left . 
 seconds . 
 cole raised his voice over the sound of the rushing air . 
 `` this is it , nik . 
 you have nothing , except for one last chance to come with me . '' 
 a small trickle of blood escaped the corner of cole 's mouth and ran down his chin . 
 he wiped it with the back of his hand and looked behind me . 
 `` decide , nik . 
 it 's coming for you . '' 
 i turned around . 
 a dark mist was forming behind me . 
 at first , it had no distinct shape , but then it started to swirl in the air , forming a giant spiral , the center of which was far away , darker than everything around us . 
 it began to look like the funnel cloud that had taken meredith . 
 `` no ! '' 
 jack growled from beside me . 
 `` this was n't how it was supposed to happen . '' 
 cole held out his hand toward me . 
 his voice turned pleading . 
 `` please come with me , nik . 
 rule with me . '' 
 `` you ca n't let it have her , '' jack said to cole . 
 he lowered his voice . 
 `` i know how you feel about her . '' 
 jack told me he knew what loving me looked like on a person . 
 cole stared at me with an expression that seemed almost vulnerable . 
 his lips were parted and his mouth was open , and with each breath , his shoulders trembled . 
 his hands were clenched in fists at his sides , as if he were ready to hit someone if it would help . 
 `` i ca n't feel , '' he said , but his words betrayed the obvious emotion painted on his face , as if he had never felt anything so deeply before in his life . 
 jack shook his head and looked away , incredulous . 
 `` how can you watch it take her ? '' 
 cole did n't answer right away . 
 his gaze shifted to the tunnels . 
 `` i have no power over it . 
 i tried to make her see . '' 
 he shook his head and looked back at me , new fire in his eyes . 
 `` it 's not too late , nikki . 
 it 's not . 
 as long as you 're still here , you can change your mind . '' 
 he took a step closer . 
 `` come with me . '' 
 jack turned to me , and i could see the defeat in his eyes . 
 he took a deep breath . 
 `` if it 's better than the tunnels ... '' `` what ? '' 
 i said . 
 he grabbed my shoulders . 
 `` meredith wanted this chance . 
 she died for it . 
 there 's a whole culture of girls who would give anything for it . '' 
 `` why are you saying this ? '' 
 i searched his face . 
 cole stepped forward . 
 `` i know her . 
 she 'll never do it . '' 
 jack shoved cole hard against the condo wall and then turned to me again . 
 the roar around us seemed to dampen everything except jack 's voice . 
 `` because , becks . 
 i do n't want to see you suffer . '' 
 he looked at my wrist . 
 the one with the mark . 
 he raised it to his lips and kissed it . 
 `` if it 's better than hell , go with cole . '' 
 i put my hand on his cheek and urged his face toward mine . 
 `` never . 
 that would mean selling my soul . '' 
 i pulled his head toward me so our foreheads were touching . 
 `` if there is an afterlife , i want my soul intact . 
 and then maybe i 'll see you there . '' 
 i smiled , somehow calm now that i was facing something inevitable . 
 i was getting the good-bye i 'd always wanted . 
 jack 's face was in my hands . 
 he was mine again at last , and it was more than i could 've hoped for . 
 i could feel the suction at my back growing stronger . 
 it flicked a few strands of hair around my face . 
 `` jack . 
 you should leave . '' 
 jack clutched my hand in his . 
 `` i told you i would n't let go . 
 we promised meredith we would n't let anything separate us . '' 
 he blinked right then and tilted his head . 
 something seemed to click for him . 
 `` meredith . 
 she told me to be strong like orpheus . 
 she said it was his choice ... to be a hero . '' 
 `` it 's over , '' i said . 
 i started to turn toward the tunnels , but jack 's hands kept me facing him . 
 `` i love you , becks . '' 
 `` i love you too . '' 
 `` do you remember in mrs. stone 's classroom how you said there 's no such thing as redemption ? '' 
 his voice cracked a little . 
 i shook my head . 
 `` forget about what i - '' `` do you still believe it ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 he looked past me . 
 i could feel what he was staring at . 
 the growing tunnel . 
 the suction was so strong that the hood of my jacket was perpendicular with the ground . 
 it was almost ready . 
 will and cole watched silently from a few yards away . 
 cole had the strangest look on his face , unbelieving , as if he were watching something he 'd never seen before . 
 jack pressed his lips against mine one last time . 
 he pulled back and looked at me , as if he did n't know what else to say . 
 there was n't anything else to say . 
 `` will you look after my family ? '' 
 i attempted a smile . 
 `` tommy 's going to need a ... big brother . 
 someone to fish with . '' 
 it seemed stupid to be talking about this stuff , but there were n't any words for the bigger stuff anymore . 
 `` he makes his own flies . '' 
 jack already knew this . 
 `` becks - '' `` and make sure he does n't play football . '' 
 jack tilted his head at this . 
 `` i mean , football 's fine , but it 's dangerous . 
 i do n't want him concussed - '' `` becks , stop . '' 
 `` just tell me you 'll do it . '' 
 i closed my eyes . 
 `` tell me . '' 
 there was a long pause , and i was n't sure there 'd be time for him to answer anymore . 
 but after a few moments , he did . 
 `` no . '' 
 my eyes shot open . 
 `` what ? '' 
 his eyes were tight , his expression on fire with blazing determination . 
 `` you watch over will . '' 
 `` what are you ... ? '' 
 my voice trailed off as it dawned on me what was going on . 
 `` no ! '' 
 i tried to wriggle my hands free from his grip . 
 `` do n't you dare , jack caputo ! '' 
 but i could n't break from his strong grasp . 
 i twisted and thrashed but that only made jack hold on tighter . 
 he closed his eyes and said , `` stay with me , becks . 
 dream of me . 
 i am ever yours . '' 
 `` no ! 
 i will never forgive you ! '' 
 i tried to pull back . 
 tried to get close enough for the tunnels to suck me away instantaneously . 
 but jack had to be about twice my weight and pure muscle . 
 `` let me go ! '' 
 he ignored me . 
 in the quickest , strongest move i would ever know , jack yanked me toward him and threw me to the ground behind him . 
 away from the tunnels . 
 by the time i realized what he had done , it was too late . 
 he still held my hand , but the rest of him was covered in the dark smoke of the funnel . 
 he had jumped in , feet first . 
 `` jack ! 
 no ! '' 
 i screamed as i dug my fingers into his hand . 
 as if i could pull him out . 
 as if i had the power over the light and the dark . 
 the balancing forces of the universe . 
 but i did n't . 
 i held on to his hand , and as i did , i caught a glimpse of the mark on my wrist . 
 it did n't disappear . 
 it just slithered down to my fingertips and then leaped over onto jack 's hand . 
 i said a prayer inside my head . 
 i begged whatever being was in charge of all this to give me back my mark . 
 but it was gone . 
 jack was gone . 
 he let go first . 
 i knew the instant his touch left me . 
 our fingertips separated . 
 even with all the commotion going on around me , i could only think about how his fingers slipped away from mine , and i did n't have the strength to hold on and i would never feel them again . 
 i started counting the seconds . 
 perhaps if i kept track of the seconds , somehow he would still be connected to me . 
 but it was difficult to concentrate on sequential numbers , because someone was shouting in my ear . 
 i tried to swat the voice away . 
 `` becks ! '' 
 will 's voice was urgent . 
 `` becks , i 'm getting you out of here . 
 now ! '' 
 i closed my eyes and shook my head . 
 `` shhh . 
 twenty-five . 
 twenty-six . 
 twenty-seven ... '' arms circled around me , and my feet left the ground . 
 sophomore year before he was mine and i was his ... `` you were n't in the lunchroom today , '' jack said , coming up behind me at my locker . 
 `` jules says you 're never in the cafeteria on wednesdays . '' 
 i tried to calm the flush to my cheeks before i turned around to face him . 
 my crush on jack was getting ridiculous . 
 pretty soon i would be nonverbal . 
 just because he noticed , for the first time , that i was n't at lunch , it did n't mean anything . 
 i tried to keep my tone light . 
 `` sounds like you guys had a very intriguing conversation . '' 
 `` oh , we did . '' 
 jack fell into step beside me , and we walked down the hallway at a slower pace than everyone around us . 
 `` she said you avoid the cafeteria on wednesdays . 
 and she said you like me . '' 
 i heard myself gasp , and i came to a stop . 
 i 'm gon na kill jules , i thought . 
 `` so , is it true ? '' 
 jack said . 
 i could barely hear him with the crashing waves in my ears . 
 i started to turn away , embarrassed , but jack stepped sideways so he was in front of me , and there was nowhere else i could look . 
 `` is it true ? '' 
 he asked again . 
 `` yes . 
 i hate hot-dog wednesdays , so i do n't go to the lunchroom . 
 it 's true . '' 
 `` that 's not what i meant , becks . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 `` tell me . 
 is it true ? 
 do you like me ? '' 
 i tried to roll my eyes , and promptly forgot how . 
 so i just looked at the ceiling . 
 `` you know i like you . 
 you 're one of my best friends . '' 
 `` friends , '' jack repeated . 
 `` of course . '' 
 `` good friends ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` more than friends ? '' 
 i did n't say anything . 
 i did n't move . 
 jack reached toward my hand and tugged gently on my fingers . 
 the movement was so small , i would n't have seen it if i had n't felt it . 
 he leaned forward and said , `` tell me , friend . 
 is there more for us ? '' 
 i looked into his eyes . 
 `` there 's everything for us . '' 
 thirty-three now still counting . 
 the sun touched the tops of the wasatch mountain range behind tommy 's head , illuminating the errant clumps of his blond hair sticking out in all directions , typical from a day of fishing the weber river . 
 he cast another line , then another one . 
 `` there ! '' 
 he said , pointing downstream where the surface of the water broke and a fish darted toward his bait . 
 `` that 's ten for me . 
 eight for you . '' 
 i smiled and sent another cast over the running water . 
 we never fished with hooks anymore . 
 we could n't be bothered with the pain of catch-and-release , for us or the fish , so we just counted the number of fish who jumped for the bait . 
 tommy eyed my next try . 
 `` ten and two , nikki . 
 flick the pole between ten and two . '' 
 he was talking about the first rule of fly-fishing , repeating the same phrase my dad had said to me over and over when i was a little girl . 
 i sighed . 
 `` hey , i 'm the one who taught you how to fish in the first place . '' 
 he gave me a sheepish grin . 
 `` i was n't sure if you remembered . '' 
 the sun dipped a little lower , and i glanced at my watch . 
 `` we 're not going , are we , nikki ? '' 
 `` sorry , bud . 
 i still have homework to do for tomorrow . '' 
 it was partially true . 
 school would be out in a few weeks , and i had several final projects left , one of which was the thesis paper for mrs. stone 's class . 
 but really i looked forward to the end of every day , always anticipating the evening , when i could finally close the door to my bedroom and fall asleep . 
 and dream . 
 tommy and i packed up our gear , and i drove the car while he recounted every `` catch '' he 'd made that day . 
 i smiled at the simple routine of it all . 
 since the night at cole 's condo , i had tried to stop counting the seconds . 
 but the numbers relentlessly filed past my vision , coming to rest in my head . 
 eventually , they were no longer numbers . 
 just flashes . 
 sparks of light , shooting across the horizon in my mind , ticking away the moments since i had last touched jack . 
 and that was how the seconds evolved into minutes . 
 then hours . 
 then days . 
 what jack did for me splintered me , and i wondered how my body stayed together each day instead of falling apart into the thousands of little pieces it should 've been . 
 each time i looked in a mirror , i was surprised the cracks did n't show on my face . 
 with every smile , i should 've shattered . 
 when we turned the final corner to my street , i saw a big black motorcycle parked alongside the curb . 
 the sun glinted off the mirrors , making me squint and question whether or not what i was seeing was really there . 
 `` who 's that ? '' 
 tommy said . 
 i shielded my eyes with my hand . 
 a figure in the shadow of the neighbor 's oak tree moved , catching my eye . 
 cole . 
 `` it 's no one , tommy . '' 
 i pulled the car into the driveway , and out of the corner of my eye i saw cole take a step forward . 
 `` listen , i want you to go inside and wait for me , '' i said as i threw the gearshift into park . 
 `` why ? '' 
 i kept my eyes on cole . 
 `` just do it , okay ? 
 please ? '' 
 i turned off the car , and we both got out . 
 a passing cloud blocked the sun , erasing the shadow of the tree . 
 tommy threw the gear bag over his shoulder and made a move to grab one of the fishing poles . 
 `` leave the poles , '' i said . 
 `` i 'll get them . '' 
 he nodded , and hesitated for only a moment before he walked away . 
 once he was inside , cole came toward me . 
 i met him halfway . 
 cole looked changed . 
 he still wore the same clothes ; his hair was still the same sandy blond . 
 he had n't changed in any tangible way . 
 but the difference was there , in the way he walked . 
 no swagger . 
 and the way his lips were n't pulled up in a smug grin . 
 `` hey , nik . '' 
 i stopped a couple of feet away from him and folded my arms . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 he shifted his stance , his hands shoved in the pockets of his leather jacket . 
 `` we both lost here . '' 
 `` so , what , you 're here to commiserate ? 
 do n't even pretend we 've been through the same thing . 
 you lost some game . 
 i lost ... '' my voice caught as if on a fishing hook . 
 `` whether you like it or not , you 're still my future . 
 i have to know ... '' he stepped closer and grabbed my hand . 
 `` you have to tell me , how did you do it ? 
 how did you stay young during the feed ? '' 
 i twisted my hand out of his grasp and took a couple of steps back . 
 `` even if i knew , what makes you think i 'd tell you ? '' 
 finally a hint of his smirk danced on his mouth . 
 `` because i have ninety-nine years until i have to feed again . '' 
 he stepped forward . 
 `` i have all the time in the world . 
 what , in your infinite knowledge of me , makes you think i 'd ever give up ? '' 
 i squinted at him in the sunlight . 
 `` cole , do you feel anything for me ? '' 
 i do n't know what made me ask this , except that jack had asked him the night of the tunnels . 
 it obviously surprised him . 
 he backed up . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i inched forward , not quite sure where i was going with this . 
 `` do you feel ... something for me ? '' 
 he was quiet , still as a statue , so i moved even closer . 
 `` do n't , nik . '' 
 his gaze dropped to the ground . 
 `` if you feel anything , please leave me alone . 
 i do n't know why i survived . 
 i do n't have your answer . 
 shadowing me will get you nothing . '' 
 then he did something unexpected . 
 he backed down , and as he turned around to his motorcycle , he shook his head and mumbled , `` what have you done to me ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' i said . 
 `` but you have ninety-nine years to figure it out . '' 
 he kicked it on and revved the engine , and at the sound , he found his cocky smirk again . 
 `` that 's a long time , nik . 
 jack is gone , and i 'm here . 
 let 's see who gives up first . '' 
 i stayed there until he drove away , his tires screeching against the asphalt , then i let out a sigh . 
 the sun had set and i felt that familiar tug pulling me to my bedroom . 
 my tether to jack coaxed me there every night , just like a rubber band drawing me in . 
 the thing was , i knew exactly how i had survived . 
 mary had been on to something with her anchor theory , but she was a little unclear on the logistics . 
 jack told me he dreamed of me every night , and it was as if i were really there . 
 i was in a dark place , and he helped me see . 
 now jack was invading my dreams every night . 
 not a dream jack , but the real thing . 
 i know this because during one of the first dreams , he told me what the tattoo on his arm said . 
 ever yours . 
 the next morning , i rushed to draw the image from memory , and then i researched it . 
 the symbols were artistic versions of ancient sanskrit words . 
 they stood for eternity and belonging . 
 ever yours , just as jack had said . 
 there was no way my subconscious could have come up with that explanation on its own . 
 i 'd finally found the connection meredith had longed for , the tether from an anchor that kept a forfeit alive . 
 they were bound together through their dreams , sustaining each other during sleep . 
 when i was asleep , jack would come to my bedroom and sit on the end of the mattress and face me . 
 he came to me every night , talking about his uncle 's cabin , the christmas dance , how my hair hides my eyes , how my hand fits in his , how he loves me . 
 how he 'll never leave . 
 i spent the first few dreams saying `` i 'm sorry '' over and over and over , until he threatened to stay away if i did n't stop . 
 my dad wondered why i could n't wait to go to bed every night . 
 `` you sure you 're feeling okay , nikki ? '' 
 he would say . 
 `` i 've never seen someone sleep so much . '' 
 `` i 'm good , dad . 
 i 'm probably just making up for all those sleepless nights . '' 
 since jack left , my dad had been trying to spend more time with me , going out of his way to relate to me . 
 maybe he was worried i might leave again . 
 i was n't going anywhere . 
 the tunnels had forgotten about me . 
 jack 's sacrifice meant that i had my family back , and even though our fractured relationships had a ways to go , my home life was suddenly a stronghold in my otherwise messed-up world . 
 i had escaped the tunnels . 
 i had my family back . 
 and in a way , i had jack , too . 
 the pain of loss was fresh every night , but i no longer begged to have it taken away . 
 i owned it . 
 i revised my paper for mrs. stone 's class . 
 i 'd found my redemption , and my hero . 
 and i was going to get him back . 
 at night my bedroom , as i drift . 
 every night , jack is with me . 
 he lies down on his side , lengthwise on my bed , and props his head up on my pillow . 
 i mirror his position . 
 he places his hand over mine . 
 i see it , but i do n't feel it . 
 we discovered long ago that we ca n't touch , even in our dreams . 
 i am as much of a ghost to him as he is to me . 
 we are a breath away-and a world apart-from each other . 
 he does n't know where he goes when he 's not with me . 
 he does n't think he exists anymore , except for in my dreams . 
 i think he is right . 
 and i tell him to hang on . 
 i will never stop dreaming of him . 
 i will find him . 
