 chapter 1 in the midst of a dark forest , haunted by the winters chill , i ran for my life . 
 my feet thudded heavily against the snow as the thunderous roar of the glowing-eyed , black-cloaked monsters chased after me . 
 i shoved helplessly through the brittle pine trees , leafless branches clawing at my flesh . 
 snow flooded my sneakers , soaking higher and higher on my jeans with every step i took . 
 my heart pounded furiously . 
 my lungs grew tight , about to collapse from exhaustion . 
 the air dipped colder . 
 fog swirled everywhere . 
 they were close . 
 way too close . 
 that 's what these things did-they dropped the temperature so drastically the air instantly bruised over with ice . 
 and if they caught me , i was a goner . 
 their chill would strangle me to a hypothermic death in a heartbeat . 
 i threw a frantic glance over my shoulder , struggling to keep my numb legs moving . 
 flickers of yellow flooded through trees . 
 a sheet of ice crackled over the ground , nipping at my heels . 
 i tore my gaze away , forcing myself to run faster . 
 `` gemma , there 's no use running . '' 
 the man 's voice rumbled through the night . 
 it was the same voice that always showed up right before the monsters captured me . 
 `` no matter what you do , you 'll never escape . '' 
 the sound of snapping twigs and crunching footsteps echoed nearer . 
 my muscles seized up , leaving me no choice but to slow to a lethargic jog . 
 a cool breeze swept my skin as ice-cold fingers wrapped around the back of my neck and yanked me backward , my bones popping in protest . 
 i let out an uncontrollable whimper and opened my mouth to scream , but only a whisper escaped . 
 i flung my weight forward , squirming and kicking and fighting to break free with every ounce of strength i had in me . 
 but it was useless . 
 my arms and legs moved in slow motion . 
 my blood rushed deathly cold , my veins darkening , mapping my skin with bluish-purple lines . 
 `` i told you there was no point . '' 
 a tall , husky man appeared in front of me . 
 the black-hooded monster 's bony fingers dug deeper into my skin . 
 `` like i said , you would n't escape . '' 
 he grinned the kind of grin that would 've sent chills down my spine if i had n't already been freezing to death . 
 the golden moonlight spotlighted down from the night sky , highlighting a white scar scuffing his left cheek . 
 his black hair matched his dark , hollow eyes . 
 `` finish her off , '' he commanded . 
 the black-cloaked monsters crept out from the trees , their yellow eyes gleaming hungrily . 
 i tried to scream again as ice whipped through my body . 
 i heard a deep laugh and felt myself falling . 
 then everything went black . 
 chapter 2 i woke up , gasping for air , my disoriented mind still thinking i was sprawled out on the forest ground , freezing to death from the monsters deathly touch . 
 that the tan walls forming my room were just an illusion i 'd conjured up to comfort me while i died . 
 i bolted upright in my bed , my pulse racing as i untangled myself from my sheets . 
 beads of sweat trickled down my skin , sticking my t-shirt to my back . 
 i rubbed my eyes and blinked a few times , seeing if my room stayed in place . 
 nothing budged and i relaxed . 
 it had been a dream , just like it had the night before and the night before that . 
 i inhaled slowly , letting my racing heart settle , and climbed out of bed , the carpet feeling cold against the soles of my bare feet . 
 i wrapped myself with a blanket and treaded softly over to the window . 
 the soft pink glow of the sunlight spilled over the snowy mountains , kissing at the tips of the pine trees . 
 the pine trees that i 'd just been running through , and where i 'd keep running every night after i fell asleep because , no matter what i did , i could never break away from my nightmares . 
 of course , my nightmares were just the tip of the iceberg in the madness that had overtaken my life . 
 when i was awake , i had much bigger problems to deal with . 
 real problems . 
 ones i could n't just blink away . 
 it had all began right before i started having my way too realistic dreams . 
 back before i 'd been able to dream at all . 
 yep , you heard me right . 
 i used to not be able to dream . 
 okay , so you 're probably thinking i 'm a total nut job . 
 but before you go jumping to any conclusions , let me explain . 
 see , i was n't always the girl that i am now . 
 terrified-the word meant absolutely nothing to me . 
 in fact , almost everything meant nothing to me . 
 my mind used to be as blank as a sheet of paper-there was zero going on inside . 
 do n't get me wrong , i could still walk , talk , breathe , and function , i just could n't feel anything . 
 ever . 
 crazy , i know . 
 but at the time , i could have cared less . 
 then about a month ago , something inside me changed . 
 the day had started out just like any other day . 
 i 'd been going through my morning routine of getting dressed for school when , out of nowhere , i felt this prickling sensation on the back of my neck . 
 confused , i ran over to the mirror to check for any bumps or marks on my pale skin . 
 but there was zilch there except my normal specks of freckles . 
 chalking it up to my imagination , i grabbed my backpack and headed downstairs to get some breakfast . 
 that 's when i felt the strangest thing i had ever felt-this overwhelming sadness building up inside me . 
 seconds later , i was crying , real tears and everything . 
 it was weird . 
 up until then , at least as far back as i could remember , i 'd never experienced anything like it before . 
 from then on , my life was never the same . 
 the prickle would show up and bam , i 'd be bouncing with happiness . 
 or boiling with anger . 
 or ... well , you get the picture . 
 and once i felt an emotion , it never left me . 
 in the beginning , i 'd really struggled to keep all of my new found feelings under control . 
 there was this one awful incident at school where i had this sudden outburst and started bawling right in the middle of mr. belford 's lecture on plate tectonics . 
 people stared at me like i was a freak , which is totally understandable . 
 i mean , only a freak would cry over shifting plates . 
 but anyways ... i had done quite a few searches on the internet , trying to figure out what was happening to me , but i found nothing remotely related to what i was going through . 
 apparently , whatever `` it '' was was one hundred percent original . 
 which was great . 
 just great . 
 my life would be so much easier if - my alarm shrieked , startling me so badly i actually jumped and spun around . 
 man , my nightmares were making me jumpy . 
 i hit the off button . 
 time for school . 
 ugh . 
 school was so my least favorite part of the day . 
 my past inability to experience emotions had kept me detached from everyone and everything , which resulted in my current life being a friendless one . 
 this had been fine when i could n't feel , because i 'd had no idea what i was missing out on . 
 but now ... well , let 's just say that for someone who has no friends going to school is like dangling a piece of bacon in front of a dog 's face-pure and utter torture . 
 i hated watching everyone walk around in their little cliques while i stood on the sidelines alone . 
 i tossed my blanket on the bed and threw on a pair of jeans and a black t-shirt . 
 i ran a brush through my long , tangled brown hair and pulled it back into a ponytail . 
 then i went over to the full length mirror on the back of my bedroom door and did a quick glance over . 
 my legs were way too long , my skin far too pale , and my eyes ... they were violet . 
 yes weird , i know . 
 but it fit right in with everything else that had to do with me . 
 downstairs in the kitchen , marco and sophia-my grandparents who insist i call them by their first names-were already there . 
 sophia stood over the oven , pans hissing , as the smell of bacon filled the air . 
 marco sat at the table , the morning newspaper opened up in front of him . 
 the room was small and brightly lit , making the yellow walls nearly blinding . 
 add that to the teal cupboards-which sophia insisted were sky blue , but who was she trying to kid-and the room had this sort of funhouse effect going on . 
 i grabbed a bowl from the cupboard and took a seat at the kitchen table . 
 marco peered over the newspaper at me , his black oval rimmed glasses sliding down the brim of his slightly crooked nose . 
 `` gemma , '' he mumbled with a subtle nod . 
 i strained a smile . 
 i 've lived with marco and sophia since i was one , after my parent 's passed away in a tragic car accident . 
 that 's all i know about my parents-how they died . 
 i 'd asked marco and sophia about them a few weeks ago after the crazy prickle thing had traced its way down my neck . 
 to say they 'd freaked out was putting it mildly . 
 they 'd gone full on ballistic , yelling that i was never to ask about my parents again . 
 and when i 'd shed tears and screamed back , things got even worse . 
 finally , i ended up storming off to my room . 
 ever since then , our already strained relationship worsened . 
 we barely talked to each other , which i guess is n't that big of a change since we 'd barely talked before . 
 over the last few weeks , i 'd been trying to make some sense out of why they refused to speak about my parents . 
 all i could come up with was that maybe talking about my parents was too painful for them . 
 either that or they did n't like me . 
 and it was n't just my asking about my parents that had marco and sophia acting crazy . 
 every time i was near them , i could sense them cringing , and the atmosphere would weigh down like the air taken on an abrupt case of humidity . 
 one day i 'd come down to breakfast smiling , and when sophia saw me , she dropped a cup . 
 marco had stormed off outside , slamming the back door behind him . 
 evidently , they preferred the old hollow me . 
 i do n't know why , though . 
 i did n't . 
 they never even asked me about my sudden ability to feel either . 
 i mean , if you had a child that had been an emotionless zombie for most of her life , then suddenly she did a complete 180 in the emotional department , would n't you celebrate and talk about it instead of getting pissed off . 
 i know i would . 
 but since marco and sophia chose to say nothing about it , i opted to keep the prickly sensation to myself . 
 besides , i had a gut wrenching feeling that if i did mention it to them , i 'd be buying myself a one-way a ticket to the psych ward . 
 `` do you want some bacon ? '' 
 sophia 's voice yanked me out of my thoughts . 
 the bacon sizzled as she tapped her foot on the tile floor . 
 she reminded me a lot of one of those women in a 1950 's tv series ; her auburn hair pulled back into a bun , a crisp white apron tied over her floral dress . 
 `` sure , '' i said , starting to get to my feet . 
 i wish we could be closer . 
 yes , i knew i should be grateful that i had grandparents who fed me and put a roof over my head . 
 and do n't get me wrong , i am . 
 but it would have been nice if they 'd at least talk to me more than what was required . 
 or maybe give me a smile once and a while . 
 was that too much to ask ? 
 `` but i have to go start my car first . '' 
 `` marco already did for you , '' she said curtly . 
 `` oh . '' 
 i turned to marco . 
 `` then - '' the sound of the chair grinding against the tile floor cut me off . 
 marco rose to his feet , all tall and mighty like . 
 he folded his newspaper and tucked it under his arm . 
 `` i 'm going to um ... '' he trailed off and hurried out of the kitchen . 
 he did that a lot-mumbling to himself or walking away mid-sentence . 
 he was a retired salesman , but it was so hard to picture since he could n't carry on a conversation for more than a minute . 
 the spatula clanked as sophia tossed it on the counter . 
 `` go get a plate and come get some then . '' 
 her nippy tone was my signal to hurry up and get out of her hair . 
 so i did , rushing over and piling a few pieces of bacon on a plate , along with some eggs . 
 then i ate my food so quickly that i nearly choked twice . 
 once i finished choking my food down , i trampled through the snowy driveway , climbed in my faded blue mitsubishi mirage that made a loud clanking noise every time i pushed on the gas pedal , and headed off to school . 
 marco and sophia had given me the car six months ago when they 'd decided that they were tired of driving me to and from the bus stop , which was about a ten mile drive each way . 
 see , i lived in this very small , very spread out town called afton and driving anywhere always took some time . 
 the town was known for two things : its infamous elk horn arch made of real elk antlers , and its talent for accumulating snow nine months out of the year . 
 now , i was in no way , shape , or form a fan of either the snow or the cold , so living here was like a polar bear trying to live in hawaii-unbearable and very unpractical . 
 when i graduate here in a few months , i am so packing my bags and moving to some place warm and one-hundred percent mountain free . 
 today , the normally poor road conditions were even worse due to the temp being five below and freezing everything in sight . 
 yep , five below , i 'm not kidding . 
 forced to drive at the pace of a snail , i managed to play through almost the entire cd of taking back sunday-one of my all time favorite bands-before arriving at school . 
 i parked my car right as the bell shrilled from inside the school and reverberating its way outside . 
 i grabbed my bag , scrambled out of the car , and barreled across the ice-skating-of-a-rink parking lot . 
 i would n't have cared so much about being late , but over the last month i 'd managed to run up a near record breaking amount of tardies . 
 as i reached the sidewalk , about ready to take off in a full-on sprint , i had to stop because the prickling sensation made an unannounced appearance on the back of my neck , poking at my skin like a tattoo needle . 
 i held my breath and waited . 
 each experience was like opening up a present . 
 i never knew what feeling was going to consume me . 
 or whether i 'd like the feeling or want to exchange it for something else . 
 a few seconds ticked by , but no new feelings came . 
 well , except for the feeling that i was n't alone . 
 which i was n't . 
 there were a few people lurking out by their cars , and a girl in a neon pink coat was sprinting like mad for the glass entrance doors of the school . 
 obviously , she was trying not to be late , which was what i should have been doing . 
 but i could n't get my stupid feet to budge , as if the soles of my pink and black dc shoes had melted their way to the sidewalk . 
 and then , suddenly , i saw him ; a guy , ambling across the parking lot as if he had all the time in the world . 
 my heart did this little fluttery thing that i 'd never felt it do before . 
 whoa . 
 even from a distance , i could tell he was gorgeous ; the way his dark brown hair scattered messily over his head , but in an intentionally-done-perfect kind of way . 
 and his bright green eyes reminded me of clovers and flourishing springtime leaves . 
 he wore a pair of dark blue jeans and a black hoodie . 
 i 'd guess him to be tall , but i could n't say for sure unless i got closer to him . 
 he had to be new here because , if i 'd seen him before , i probably would have remembered . 
 no . 
 scratch that . 
 i definitely would have remembered him . 
 he did n't seem to notice me at all , though . 
 which was kind of a good thing , i guess , since i was just standing there , staring at him idiotically as he made his way across the sidewalk and strolled past me . 
 the prickle showed up again , this time filling me with a very overpowering urge to run after him . 
 and i had to admit , i probably would have too if the tardy bell had n't rang and knocked me out of my prickle-induced-gorgeous-guy trance . 
 i flinched and shook my head . 
 what was i doing , standing out in the freezing cold , gawking at some random guy , when what i needed to be doing was getting my butt to class ? 
 i rushed toward the entrance of the school , barely catching up with the new guy as he swung the door open . 
 he stepped to the side and held it open for me , very gentleman-like . 
 i bit my bottom lip nervously as i walked by him . 
 i swear my heart was hammering so loudly in my chest that he had to be able to hear it . 
 okay , so i do n't know why i did the thing that i did next-it was very unlike me . 
 i mean , i usually keep my head down and my eyes glued to the floor during school hours . 
 but when i suddenly felt compelled to look up at him , i actually did . 
 and boy was i in for a real shock . 
 and i 'm not talking about the emotional kind of shock . 
 i 'm talking about a literal shock ; a blaze of electricity that fired through my body like i 'd stuck my finger in an electrical socket . 
 i froze , my eyes widening . 
 what the heck ? 
 was i going insane ? 
 i had to be going insane . 
 first the prickle and now this-what was wrong with me ? 
 if i was n't careful i was going to end up in a mental institution . 
 i felt the zap again and let out a gasp . 
 the feeling momentarily took me away until i realized i was standing in the middle of the doorway , staring at the new guy with my mouth hanging open . 
 i 'd have been completely mortified too , except to my astonishment-and my relief-his bright green eyes had widened and were locked on mine , and it almost looked like he could feel the electricity too . 
 my pulse raced as sparks of static nipped at my skin . 
 the more we stared at each other , the more the electricity ignited , and i could almost feel my skin melting . 
 so many different feelings were pouring through me simultaneously , confusion ... desire ... intensity , i could n't think straight . 
 i felt an invisible tug , drawing me to him , and before i even knew what i was doing , i took a step toward him . 
 like a light switch , his expression slipped down into a glower . 
 `` do you mind , '' he said , sidestepping around me and letting the heavy metal door slam painfully into my elbow . 
 `` ow , '' i said , rubbing my arm . 
 `` what the heck ? '' 
 he shot me a glare and a different kind of intensity burned in those beautiful green eyes of his . 
 intense hatred . 
 my mouth dropped open as i watched him turn his back on me and walk down the hall without another glance back . 
 chapter 3 never in my life had i ever had a crush before . 
 although i was n't even sure if what i was feeling toward the new guy signified as a crush . 
 if a crush was something that could cause a strange mix of emotions to bubble up inside me and leave me incapable to stop thinking about the new guy and the weird electric sensation i 'd felt when i was near him then , yep , i had a crush . 
 all during first and second period , i tried hard to process what had happened-what on earth that electric feeling could have been . 
 but trying to make sense of it had gotten me nowhere . 
 it was about as confusing as the prickle . 
 and my newfound emotions . 
 and my reoccurring nightmare . 
 wow . 
 my crazy list just keeps getting longer and longer , does n't it ? 
 i was fairly spaced out for most of my morning classes , but like usual , i managed to get through them unnoticed . 
 which was a good thing , since i heard zero of what my teachers where talking about . 
 i thought i 'd eventually snap out of it , but even when third period rolled around , my brain was still lacking in the focus department , making me question if i was ever going to be able to think clearly again . 
 why , you might be asking , did third period matter ? 
 well , because third period was when i had astronomy , which was my favorite subject . 
 even during my emotionally detached days , i 'd still been able to gaze up at the night sky , full of twinkling silver stars , and appreciate the beauty of the sight . 
 however , the way i look at stars now , and the way i looked at them before i could feel , were two entirely different experiences . 
 back then , i felt like i 'd been obligated to look up at them , as if some unseen force that i had no control over bounded me to do so . 
 whereas now , i gazed up at them with a desire to ... belong ... or be part of them i guess would be the best way to describe the pull i felt toward them . 
 the first time i 'd ever felt happy-and i mean ever-was when i 'd been lying in my bed , staring out my window , watching the stars shine harmoniously with one another . 
 the prickle had shown up , and i unexpectedly found myself smiling . 
 all this warmth and happiness started welling up inside me . 
 the very next morning , when i entered the planetarium-style astronomy room , that same feeling of happiness filled me again . 
 ever since then , i always perk up when it is time to go to astronomy class . 
 today however , i felt completely out of it , and summoning up any happiness seemed like it was going to be a challenge . 
 there was just too much going on inside my head . 
 i arrived to astronomy with plenty of time to spare , which was totally typical for me since i had no one to talk to between classes . 
 i made my way up the stairs , to the very top of the mini planetarium , and sat down at my usual table , the one in the very far back corner where most of the loner kids tend to sit . 
 i took my book out of my black messenger bag and hung it on the back of my chair . 
 to kill some time-and to attempt to focus on something else besides the new guy , who i had n't seen since he 'd let the door bang me in the elbow-i did a quick skim through of today 's chapter . 
 it turned out to be a lame attempt , though , since all i ended up thinking about was how gorgeous he was , how much hatred his bright green eyes had carried when he 'd walked away from me , and the electricity humming against my skin when i 'd been near him . 
 i swear i could still feel the sparkling sensation lingering on my skin . 
 the bell finally rang and class began . 
 mr. sterling started off taking role . 
 i barely paid attention , not even looking up when my name was called and i replied , `` here . '' 
 after he finished with role , mr. sterling moved on to the announcements . 
 typically , it was a tedious task , but today it took a turn for the surprising . 
 `` alright everyone , i have a few things to discuss before we start class . '' 
 mr. sterling cleared his throat , trying to shush the whispering that had suddenly combusted amongst everyone . 
 i still had my eyes glued to my book , only half listening as he continued , `` first off , i 'd like to announce that we have two new students joining us today . '' 
 did he just say new students ? 
 my head whipped up . 
 mr. sterling was standing behind his podium , sporting a wrinkly grey suit and red striped tie . 
 and , holy crap , standing next to him was mr. new guy himself . 
 he had a bored expression on his face , his arms folded across his chest , his bright green eyes sparkling beneath the florescent lighting . 
 the sight of him made my heart skip a beat . 
 i let out an unintentional gasp and quickly flung my hand over my mouth , wanting to smack myself in the forehead for reacting so ridiculously . 
 kelsey merritt-aka the head cheerleader who sat at the table in front of me-turned around and shot me one of her infamous you 're - such-a-loser looks . 
 up until a couple of months ago , she had n't even known i was alive . 
 and honestly , i kind of preferred the old way , because her knowing of my existence equaled getting thrown dirty looks and nasty comments . 
 luckily , i was n't much of a reactor . 
 at least on the outside anyway . 
 but today , i did n't even react on the inside because my mind was fluttering with a billion different thoughts that i could scarcely process . 
 like why the sight of this guy was making me react this way ? 
 because , right now , all i could think about was how beautiful his eyes were and how i had the strongest urge to run my fingers through his messy , yet perfect , dark brown hair . 
 and how he - all of a sudden , he looked right at me , his eyes full of the same hatred i 'd seen in them earlier . 
 i blinked and sank back in my chair , the corners of my eyes burning with tears threatening to spill out . 
 i sucked in a slow breath . 
 i would not let some guy make me cry . 
 i would n't . 
 `` this is aislin avery , '' mr. sterling gestured towards a girl i had n't noticed was standing on the other side of him . 
 she was short and slender with golden blonde hair running in waves down to her shoulders . 
 and she had the same bright green eyes as the new guy . 
 she was dressed in a sparkling pink sweater , jeans , and fur trimmed boots . 
 i instantly got the impression she would probably soon be friends with kelsey merritt . 
 which , i know , is very judgmental of me . 
 i really should n't assume things about people . 
 `` and this is her brother alex avery . '' 
 mr. sterling said , motioning at the new guy . 
 alex avery ? 
 the name sounded vaguely familiar . 
 why though ? 
 i mean , it was n't like i was the kind of person who ran into so many people that i could n't keep track of their names . 
 and besides , even if i was , i would have remembered him . 
 still ... the sound of his name sent me into a deja vu moment . 
 `` now we just need to find you two a seat , '' mr. sterling said , scanning the room for some empty chairs . 
 there were two empty seats at my table , but i was n't sure how i felt about them sitting by me . 
 i was n't sure how i felt about anyone sitting by me . 
 kelsey merritt 's hand shot up in the air . 
 mr. sterling sighed . 
 `` yes , kelsey . '' 
 she flashed her set of pearly white teeth at him and twirled her platinum blond hair around her finger . 
 `` i was just going to offer alex a chair at my table . '' 
 how nice of her since she shared a table with her two best friends , anna miller and sarah monroe-both could pass as her clone i might add-and there were no empty chairs for her to offer up . 
 i scowled at the back of her blonde head , suddenly feeling very territorial of alex. and yes , okay , i knew i in no way had any claim over him . 
 but apparently , when it came to him , i did n't have any control over my actions . 
 `` actually , that wo n't be necessary , kelsey , '' mr. sterling replied , and i could practically hear an eye roll through his voice . 
 `` gemma 's got two vacant seats at her table . 
 they both can sit there . 
 that way , no rearranging will have to be done . '' 
 he pointed a finger at me and instructed aislin and alex to , `` go ahead and take a seat back there . '' 
 it was at this very moment that the people i 'd gone to school with for the last twelve years suddenly decided to notice me . 
 the weight of their eyes felt heavy , and i found myself wishing i possessed the power to temporarily make myself invisible . 
 the prickle on my neck let me know i was experiencing my first anxious moment . 
 i shrank down in my chair and focused on the table . 
 i stayed with my eyes down until a small stack of books landed on the table with a thump . 
 `` hi . '' 
 the girl-aislin smiled at me as she sat down . 
 `` i 'm aislin . '' 
 i gave her a small smile . 
 did i forget to mention my people skills sucked , big time ? 
 `` i 'm gemma . '' 
 she smiled again , unzipped her bag , and pulled out a pen and notebook . 
 the chair next to me slid out and alex sat down in it . 
 i held my breath , waiting nervously for the electricity to attack again . 
 i waited . 
 and waited . 
 and waited some more . 
 but the electricity seemed to be a no show . 
 strange . 
 mr. sterling began his lecture on sky charting . 
 i scratched a few notes down , but my attention kept drifting to alex. he was n't doing anything , not even taking notes . 
 he was leaning back in his chair , his arms resting behind his head , his eyes half open . 
 he looked like he could have cared less about class , like it did n't matter whether he failed or not . 
 in the middle of my staring , alex turned his head toward me , his eyelids lifting open . 
 our eyes met and i froze , unable to breath . 
 and then ... he glowered at me . 
 i 'd have loved to have told you that , at that very moment , i decided to stop acting like a fool over a guy who obviously despised me , and in response to his hateful glare , i fired one right back at him . 
 but if i told you all of this , i 'd be lying . 
 because all i did was look away and pretend to develop a deep interest in my astronomy book . 
 yep , i 'm a big chicken . 
 class moved on so slowly it was unbearable . 
 the electricity stayed mia , which had me questioning if i 'd imagined the whole thing to begin with . 
 perhaps when i 'd felt it this morning i 'd been overly exhausted , and my mind had been playing tricks on me . 
 my sleep had been super crappy due to the reliving-my-death-over-and-over-in-my-nightmares thing . 
 then again , maybe i was just losing my mind . 
 there did seem to be many things happening to me that could qualify me as being on the brink of insanity . 
 but right as the thought crossed my mind that i just might be going off the deep end , i felt it-a spark . 
 soft at first , barely tickling at my fingertips , but growing stronger as it surged up my arms and down my back . 
 i had to catch my breath and remind myself to keep breathing as my body hummed with heat . 
 i stole a glance at alex , curious if he showed any signs of being able to feel the electricity . 
 he looked bored . 
 absolutely , one-hundred percent , bored . 
 he stared lazily ahead at the front of the classroom where mr. sterling was yammering something about stars and their positions and ... i do n't know , his words sounded far off and distant . 
 with alex seeming so relaxed and calm , i assumed there was no way he could feel the electricity . 
 i guess the strange , electric feeling was a one-sided thing . 
 of course it was . 
 it was me , after all , we were talking about here-the queen of freakiness . 
 but then again ... as i peered closer at alex , i noticed his hands were clenched rather tight . 
 and the line of his jaw looked as if he was biting down hard . 
 so maybe i was n't alone . 
 well , either that or mr. sterling 's lecture was painful for him to listen to . 
 as alex ran his hand tensely through his hair , he caught my eye . 
 i should have looked away . 
 i mean , how many times could i get caught staring at him before he declared me a stalker ? 
 but once my eyes met his , looking away was impossible , like an invisible force had magnetized my gaze to his . 
 my heart thumped deafeningly inside my chest as i stared at him with wide eyes . 
 he did n't look away either . 
 he did n't even so much as blink , this half serious , half afraid expression on his face , as if he was n't quite sure what to think about the situation . 
 i was n't quite sure what to think about the situation either . 
 time seemed to come to a standstill , electricity spiraling through my body , heating my skin hotter and hotter . 
 i felt like i floating , yet suffocating at the same time . 
 i could barely breathe . 
 in fact , i could n't breathe . 
 the room had started to sway from my lack of oxygen . 
 that 's when i realized i was holding my breath . 
 whoops . 
 i sucked in a breath of air . 
 alex blinked , breaking our gaze . 
 immediately , he flung his attention back to the front of the classroom . 
 i watched him , confused and somewhat sad . 
 why i felt these things , i could n't tell you . 
 well , at least about the sad part . 
 the confused part was totally understandable . 
 electricity that buzzed between two people . 
 what could be more confusing than that ? 
 but which one of us was causing it ? 
 if i had to guess , i 'd say it was me since weird seemed to be my middle name . 
 although , if i was the one causing it , why did i only feel it when i was around him ? 
 `` alright , everyone go ahead and begin . '' 
 mr. sterling voice rose over my thoughts . 
 great . 
 go ahead and begin what ? 
 i casually peeked over at aislin , trying to figure out what the heck i was supposed to be doing . 
 `` well , '' she flipped open her book , `` how should we do this ? '' 
 i stared at her blankly . 
 do what ? 
 sensing my confusion , she said , `` we 're supposed to be working on the review questions as a group . '' 
 `` oh , '' i said idiotically . 
 note to self : start paying better attention . 
 `` um ... we could just divide the questions between the three of us , i guess . '' 
 `` is that how you usually do it when you work in a group ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` sure , '' i told her , holding back a laugh . 
 work in a group . 
 the only time i ever worked in a group was when teachers forced me to . 
 and since this class went by the sit-wherever-you-want-work-with-the-people-at-your-table option , guess what ? 
 i never worked in a group . 
 ever . 
 because i sat alone . 
 all the time . 
 `` why do we have to work together at all ? '' 
 alex interrupted , his voice as sharp as glass . 
 he glared at me , his eyes so full of hate i nearly melted into the back of my chair . 
 `` alex knock it off . '' 
 aislin hissed . 
 `` i mean it . 
 be nice . '' 
 well , at least i was n't the only one noticing his hatred for me . 
 he shook his head . 
 `` we do n't need to work together just because the teacher suggested it . '' 
 my jaw dropped . 
 okay , so i know i 'm a little weird and everything , but what the heck had i ever done to him ? 
 i mean , besides stare a little ? 
 okay , well , maybe a lot . 
 but hey , staring never hurt anyone . 
 aislin leaned in toward him and lowered her voice . 
 but i could still hear her . 
 hello , i was sitting right here . 
 `` alex , '' she whispered . 
 `` i do n't know what your problem is , but you need to stop . 
 now . '' 
 after that , it got quiet . 
 and the awkward kind of quiet where no one speaks and the silence is almost maddening . 
 `` you know what , '' alex said , slicing me with a glare , `` i think i 'm going to take off early . '' 
 he shoved his chair away from the table and got to his feet . 
 aislin reached up and caught him by the sleeve of his grey thermal shirt . 
 `` alex sit down . '' 
 he yanked his arm away from her , threw his book in his bag , and hurried down the stairs . 
 he went straight up to mr. sterling 's desk and said something . 
 mr. sterling gave him a nod , and he left , bumping his elbow on doorway on his way out . 
 for a moment , i just stared at the doorway . 
 there were so many different feelings pouring through me , half of them new . 
 hurt , anger , pain , longing . 
 it was too much . 
 my brain felt like it was going to explode from the overload . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , '' aislin apologized . 
 `` he 's just been moody lately with the move and everything . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 i tore my eyes off of the doorway and focused on her . 
 `` okay . '' 
 she frowned . 
 `` are you okay ? 
 you look like you 're going to be sick . '' 
 `` huh ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` no , i 'm fine . '' 
 i faked a smile , pretending like it was n't a big deal . 
 that i did n't feel like i was going to throw up . 
 that my heart did n't feel like it was breaking . 
 that a guy i barely knew who hated me was n't tearing me apart . 
 but it was . 
 it really , really was . 
 chapter 4 so if i thought my life had been strange with the not-being-able-to-feel-prickle-up-the-neck-and-suddenly-you-can-feel thing -lrb- i really needed to give a name -rrb- , then i had no clue what strange meant . 
 over the last few days the word `` strange '' had taken on an entirely new meaning to me . 
 first off , alex did not like me . 
 and that was putting it very , very mildly . 
 when he looked at me , half of the time it was as if he was staring of into some far off place-like i was n't even there . 
 and the other half of the time , the brightness in his eyes darkened with utter loathing . 
 it sucked . 
 why he felt this way about me still remained a mystery . 
 yeah , i was a loner and everything . 
 i had no friends . 
 i was quiet . 
 not to mention the violet shade of my eyes was beyond startling . 
 but i just could n't see any of these reasons being the cause behind his dislike for me . 
 even kelsey merritt had never pierced me with such withering looks . 
 the only reason i could come up with , as to why alex hated me so much , was that maybe he blamed me for the fact that every time he sat down at our table in astronomy , the electric sensation sparked up . 
 but i still was n't even sure if he could feel the electricity . 
 so where did this leave me ? 
 nowhere basically . 
 for the time being , my brain had taken up temporary residency in the land of confusion . 
 regardless of my problems , life still moved on . 
 school moved on . 
 mr. sterling started pushing more and more for group participation , like he could tell alex and i were having issues and wanted to force us to work them out with each other . 
 but how was i supposed to work out my issues with alex when i was n't sure what the issues were ? 
 it did n't matter , though , because alex was n't having any part of it . 
 he refused to work on any of the assignments as a group , crossing his arms like a two-year-old and not doing anything . 
 it was friday when things finally took a shift in a different direction . 
 mr. sterling had passed out a deck of cards with the constellations printed on them in gold ink . 
 now , as a group , we were supposed to be holding the cards up for one another and trying to identify them , but doing so would have required all three of us to work together . 
 instead , alex had half of the cards and was identifying them to himself . 
 he looked exceptionally good today , dressed in a dark grey henley and faded jeans , his hair scattered messily just like always . 
 but i was trying my best not to focus on how good he looked . 
 and , let me tell you , it was working out real well for me too , because how good he looked was all i could focus on . 
 across the table , ailsin sat , texting away on her cell phone , her pale pink manicured nails hammering away at the buttons as she disregarded the assignment entirely . 
 over the last few days , i 'd caught on that this blase attitude seemed to be a trend for her , like she did n't care at all about her grades . 
 the rest of the cards were on the table beside my elbow . 
 i 'd been doodling an inartistic rose on the cover of my notebook , daydreaming for the last fifteen minutes about what it would be like to be normal , while the electricity flowed lightly across my skin ; a continuous reminder that normal was something i 'd never be . 
 it was amazing how unfocused i was today . 
 normally , i 'd have been all over the assignment , probably already halfway through the deck of cards . 
 lately though , my concentration had taken a drastic turn down inattentiveness lane . 
 somehow i needed to get my concentration back . 
 as i added the thorns to the stem of my rose , mr. sterling appeared by our table , holding a pink slip of paper in his hand . 
 startled by his sudden appearance-and the fact that i was n't doing what i was supposed to-i dropped my pen . 
 it rolled off the table and landed on the floor as i scrambled to grab a card and pretend i 'd been working on the assignment the whole time . 
 he frowned disapprovingly at me and set the pink slip down on the table in front of aislin . 
 `` this came from the office for you . '' 
 she snapped her cell phone shut and flashed him an innocent smile as she gathered up the slip of paper . 
 `` no more texting , '' mr. sterling mumbled , adjusting his tie as walked away . 
 aislin read the paper over and then announced , `` i have to go to the counselor 's office . '' 
 alex dropped the card he was holding and it floated to the floor like a feather . 
 `` what for ? '' 
 his voice came out loud , his words rushed , causing a few people to shoot curious glances at us . 
 alex leaned closer to aislin and lowered his voice . 
 `` why do you have to go ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 she shrugged and handed him the slip . 
 `` it does n't say why . 
 it just says i have to . '' 
 alex skimmed the paper over , then crumbled it into a ball and tossed it on the floor . 
 it brushed down nina monroe 's long , blonde hair during the downfall , and she turned around , her eyebrows furrowed as she ran her fingers through her hair . 
 aislin flashed an apologetic look at her and scooped up the crumpled ball of paper from off of the floor . 
 `` jeez alex , '' she said , smoothing out the creases . 
 `` you really need to stop freaking out about the tiniest things . '' 
 alex rolled his eyes . 
 `` and you need to stop butting into my business . '' 
 aislin pointed her finger at him as she got to her feet . 
 `` be nice while i 'm gone . 
 i mean it . '' 
 she grabbed her phone and trotted down the stairs , the curls of her golden blonde hair swinging across her back . 
 and just like that , a tension filled bubble formed around alex and i. electric sparks danced all over my skin . 
 my heart was like a jackhammer in my chest , feeding my already growing concern of how much more my heart could take before it would explode . 
 i needed to concentrate on something else . 
 i plucked a card from the deck and tried to center all of my attention on the gold patterned dots forming the constellation . 
 right away , i knew it was andromeda but still flipped the card over to check the answer . 
 yep , andromeda printed in bold black letters on the back . 
 i slipped it underneath the bottom of the deck , took another card from the top , and stared at the set of gold dots . 
 this one was a little bit trickier , which was a good thing because figuring out the answer took more of my attention . 
 i could feel my heart rate slowing down and my body gradually relaxing . 
 but then alex began tapping his pen on the table over and over and over again . 
 i do n't know if he was doing it just because , or if he was attempting to get under my skin . 
 if it was the latter then it was sure working . 
 at first , the tapping noise was only mildly annoying . 
 but the movement seemed to be stirring up more and more sparks . 
 my heart began to speed up again . 
 my head started pounding . 
 i massaged my temples with my fingertips , taking a deep breath before i looked up at alex. my plan was pretty simple here . 
 i 'd give alex a death stare and hope he would take it as a hint to knock off the tapping . 
 i ran into a bit of a problem , though , because when i looked at him , and our gazes met , my mind blanked out on me . 
 i ended up just staring at him like an idiot gaping at their celebrity crush . 
 alex stared back at me with this semi-intrigued , semi-panicked look on his face . 
 what he was finding so intriguing was beyond me ? 
 the electricity ? 
 me ? 
 or maybe he found it interesting that he was making me feel the electricity ? 
 i 'd always assumed it was me causing the electric sensation , but maybe i was wrong . 
 over the last couple days , i 'd learned three things about alex. first off , he barely talked to anyone other than his sister . 
 even when kelsey merritt attempted to flirt with him , he ignored her . 
 and as much as i hated to admit it , i liked his lack of interest toward her . 
 the second thing i 'd discovered was that he could feel the electricity too . 
 it had n't taken long for that to become clear . 
 every time the buzzing paid me a visit , alex showed signs of being bothered by something as well . 
 he 'd tense up and lose focus . 
 aislin had even asked him a couple of times if something was wrong . 
 and the third and final thing was that he hated me . 
 but you 've probably already figured that one out on your own . 
 it did n't take a genius to see that the guy despised me . 
 alex and i continued to stare each other down like we were having a staring contest or something . 
 alex , for some reason , seemed to find it entertaining . 
 the amused smile playing at his lips proved that . 
 me , i was torn between wanting to slap that amused smile right off of his face and leaning over and pressing my lips against his . 
 yeah , i know , definitely something i should not be thinking . 
 but like i 've established before , when it came to alex , i had very little control over my thoughts . 
 `` gemma . 
 alex. '' i blinked and realized mr. sterling was standing beside our table , a stern expression on his face . 
 just how long had he been standing there ? 
 `` can i speak with you two in the hallway ... now ? '' 
 he asked , but it was n't a question that was allowed to be answered with a no . 
 `` alright , '' i muttered at the same time alex said , `` okay . '' 
 alex kept his eyes glued on me as he rose to his feet . 
 i stood up too , and we followed mr. sterling down the stairs and out into the hallway . 
 i found the situation very unsettling . 
 the hallway was empty and silent . 
 mr. sterling looked irritated . 
 i 'd never been in trouble before , but i was getting the impression that this was going to be my first time . 
 `` i was wondering if there was a problem between you two ? '' 
 mr. sterling asked . 
 i shook my head . 
 `` no . '' 
 i mean , what was i supposed to say ? 
 yeah there 's a problem . 
 a huge problem . 
 there 's this really strange electric feeling buzzing between us , and despite the fact that he hates me , i ca n't seem to hate him back . 
 yeah , that would n't make me sound crazy at all . 
 mr. sterling stared heavily at us , his attempt , i assumed , to be intimidating . 
 the thing was , he just was n't a very intimidating teacher . 
 in fact , he had a rep for being a real softy and letting things slide . 
 `` it just seems like there is n't a lot of group interaction going on . '' 
 mr. sterling said , his attention focused solely on me . 
 `` now gemma , i expected you to be a little more welcoming to aislin and alex since they 're new here . '' 
 shocked , my jaw about dropped . 
 what ! 
 was he kidding ? 
 `` i-i 'm not ... i mean i - '' he held his hand up , silencing me . 
 `` i do n't want any excuses . 
 what i want is for the three of you to worked together and get along . '' 
 my jaw tightened as the prickle stabbed at the back of my neck . 
 i was pissed . 
 more than pissed . 
 i was downright furious . 
 i burned the hottest glare i 'd ever summoned up at alex. he pressed his lips together to , of all things , hold back a grin . 
 apparently , my anger was also another thing that entertained him . 
 i clenched my hands into fists . 
 i 'd never been a violent person before , but if mr. sterling had n't been standing right there , i might have hit him . 
 well , okay , that was a lie . 
 but in the imaginative part of my brain i would have . 
 `` now we have a fieldtrip coming up here pretty soon and working in a group is a very big part of it , '' mr. sterling continued on , oblivious to my outrage . 
 `` so i want you two to get to know each other by working on the other assignments as a group . '' 
 his gaze wandered back and forth between alex and me like he was waiting for us to promise we would . 
 but i was too irritated to make such a promise . 
 `` alright , '' alex said , his eyes flickering in my direction . 
 `` we will . '' 
 i had to hold back an eye roll . 
 what 's this we crap ? 
 i was n't the one going out of my way to hate someone i barely knew . 
 he 'd never even given me a chance , and now i was the one getting the blame . 
 `` good , '' mr. sterling said with a pleased smiled . 
 he opened the door to the classroom . 
 `` now i 'll let you two get back to the assignment . '' 
 grinding my teeth , i stepped back into classroom and made my way back to my table . 
 kelsey merritt awarded me with one of her infamous you 're - such-a-loser looks as i passed by her , and then batted her eyelashes at alex. in spite of how mad i was , i still felt a wave of relief as alex turned his head away from her . 
 but i hated that i reacted that way . 
 i hated that alex had that much control over my feelings . 
 i dropped down in my chair and watched alex as he shuffled the deck of cards like he was getting ready for a game of poker . 
 he cut the deck once , twice , and then tapped it on the table , aligning the cards evenly with one another . 
 `` alright , '' he slid the deck of cards at me , `` you hold them up and i 'll tell you the answers . '' 
 i raised my eyebrows questioningly . 
 was he being serious ? 
 because i 'd thought when he 'd made the agreement with mr. sterling , he 'd made it as an empty promise . 
 yet here he was , waiting for me to show him a card . 
 i eyed the deck of cards warily , wondering if it was a trick or something . 
 if i picked one up and showed it to him , would he laugh at me because i 'd actually thought he wanted to work with me ? 
 or was he just trying to be cooperative ? 
 there was only one way to find out . 
 reluctantly , i picked up the deck of cards he 'd slid over and added it to my own . 
 then i flipped the top one up . 
 `` cassiopeia , '' alex answered indifferently . 
 he was correct , so i nodded and slipped the card under the deck . 
 i lifted up the next one at the exact time the intensity of the electricity decided to ascend a notch . 
 `` ursa major . '' 
 he said . 
 then very condescendingly added , `` or the big dipper . '' 
 the sparks blazed as i held another card up , and i had to catch my breath . 
 `` ursa minor . '' 
 he caught my eye . 
 `` is something wrong ? '' 
 although my heart was racing , i managed to sound composed . 
 `` nope . 
 nothing 's wrong . '' 
 he rolled his eyes , and my anger simmered as i showed him another card . 
 `` andromeda . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` this is so ridiculous . '' 
 okay , that was it . 
 enough was enough . 
 a few choice words burned at the tip of my tongue , but i bit them back . 
 `` you know what , you 're right . 
 this is ridiculous . '' 
 i tossed the card i was holding onto the table and slumped back in the chair . 
 `` if you do n't want to work with me , then fine . 
 maybe you should just leave again . '' 
 the prickle poked at my neck , but whatever emotion was trying to emerge was smothered out by my anger . 
 `` you do n't even know me , yet you hate me . 
 just like that . 
 you never even gave me a chance . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` yeah , you 're right . 
 this is ridiculous . '' 
 wow . 
 where had that come from ? 
 it was so unlike me to be confrontational . 
 normally , i was quiet . 
 i held back saying a lot of things to the point that it felt like my chest was going to burst from the pressure . 
 as soon as i was done with my little speech , i wanted to take it back . 
 yeah , he deserved it . 
 he possibly deserved worse . 
 but still , i should have been the bigger person . 
 he cocked an eyebrow , his expression hovering somewhere between shock and curiosity . 
 `` that 's quite the temper you 've got . '' 
 `` you 're the one that has the temper , '' i mumbled , and then quickly bit down on my tongue to stop myself from saying anything else . 
 he watched me closely , his expression softening as he leaned over the table . 
 `` okay , here 's the deal . 
 i 'll make you a promise . '' 
 he paused . 
 `` i promise i wo n't be a jerk anymore . '' 
 i was about to relax until he tacked on , `` at least for the rest of class , anyway . '' 
 i shut my eyes and shook my head . 
 what kind of a promise was that ? 
 better yet , what kind of person said something like that ? 
 the gorgeous kind , i thought as an afterthought . 
 instantly , i wanted to smack myself on the head . 
 what was i doing , thinking that way about a guy who clearly hated my guts ? 
 i pulled myself together before opening my eyes back up . 
 `` fine . 
 whatever . 
 sounds good . '' 
 for the rest of class , we worked together in peaceful harmony . 
 and i 'm not even kidding . 
 we took turns holding up the cards . 
 there were no more fights or stare downs . 
 to an outside observer , the situation probably appeared normal . 
 of course , they could n't feel the sparks constantly spiraling and swirling in my body , a silent reminder that things were far from normal . 
 they were n't even close . 
 when the bell rang , i darted off to the library to eat my lunch . 
 it was my typical lunch routine . 
 yes , it was a weird spot to eat lunch , especially for a high schooler . 
 but i did n't have any friends , and sitting alone in an overly crowded cafeteria was my only other option . 
 so guess what ? 
 it was off to the library . 
 there were always a couple of other kids eating lunch in there . 
 sherman , this guy with extremely curly hair and tons and tons of freckles , was a regular . 
 there was also mrs. bakerly , the seventy-something year-old librarian . 
 `` hello gemma , '' mrs. bakerly greeted me from behind the counter . 
 `` how are you today ? '' 
 `` good , '' i replied . 
 a total lie , but i did n't need to share that with her . 
 i adjusted the handle of my messenger bag higher onto my shoulder . 
 `` how are you ? '' 
 she smiled brightly . 
 `` i 'm good . '' 
 smiling back at her seemed like such a huge project , but i managed to force a small one . 
 then i started off toward the far back corner of the bookshelves , my regular spot to hide out and eat my lunch . 
 i selected a copy of the book i 'd been reading from off of a shelf before settling down on the floor . 
 using my bag as a pillow , i relaxed against the shelf and opened up the book to the page i 'd left off on from the day before . 
 the book told a story of a girl who had a super power . 
 it got me wondering what it would be like to possess a power of my own . 
 what if i could have been some extraordinary person with the ability to help the world , instead of loner/freak girl ? 
 or what if i possessed the power to , let 's say , shield invisible , out of control , electric sparks ? 
 i sighed . 
 such a nice thought . 
 my stomach growled and in the silence of the library the sound was nearly deafening . 
 i dug a granola bar out of my bag and a can of coke , then commenced reading . 
 i 'd made it about halfway through a paragraph when i heard voices from the other side of the shelf . 
 whoever it was , was speaking too quiet for me to make out any of what was being said , yet still loud enough to distract me . 
 i popped my neck and tried to block the voices out the best i could . 
 it worked until i heard my name , as clear as day . 
 `` gemma . '' 
 at first , i thought maybe someone was trying to get my attention . 
 but when i realized this was n't the case-since no one was around-i wondered if whoever was chattering away on the other side of the shelf was talking about me . 
 now i know eavesdropping is very bad . 
 and i did feel a little bit bad for doing it . 
 but who on earth would be talking about me ; me , gemma lucas , invisible-barely-known girl that hardly spoke to anyone . 
 i had to know . 
 i scooted forward , straining my ears to listen . 
 `` you should n't have left me there alone with her , '' a voice grumbled . 
 it was a guy 's voice , deep and almost recognizable . 
 `` what was i supposed to do ? '' 
 another voice-a much higher voice that belonged to a girl . 
 it sounded familiar too . 
 `` if we want to blend in , we have to act normal . 
 if i get called to the office , i have to go . 
 you should start doing this too , especially when you 're around her . 
 i know we 're not supposed to get close to her , but still ... it 's called tack . 
 she 's not stupid . 
 she can probably tell there 's something going on . '' 
 were they talking about me ? 
 if so , who were they exactly ? 
 my skin began to tingle with a low buzz of electric static , and i had my answer . 
 alex. he was on the other side of the shelf . 
 that meant that the girly voice most likely belonged to aislin . 
 this revelation sparked my curiosity even more . 
 holding my breath , i inched in closer to the shelf . 
 `` you do n't understand . '' 
 alex 's voice dipped lower . 
 `` something weird is happening between me and her . '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 aislin asked . 
 `` i 'm not really sure how to explain it . '' 
 he paused . 
 `` it happened the first day we came here . 
 i felt this weird electric feeling when she walked by me . 
 and it keeps getting worse the more i 'm around her . '' 
 so they were talking about me . 
 wow . 
 it was amazing what eavesdropping could do . 
 not that i was proud that i did it or anything . 
 but i did n't regret it either . 
 not after hearing alex say he could feel the electricity . 
 yeah , i knew i 'd already said i was almost certain he could feel it . 
 but now i was absolutely certain . 
 and it made me want to listen more . 
 but how long was i going to do be able to listen without being noticed . 
 all it would take was for alex to feel the tiniest buzz , and i 'd be caught . 
 he had n't felt it yet , though , so ... `` have you told stephan about it ? '' 
 aislin asked . 
 `` no , '' alex snapped . 
 `` and i 'm not going to . 
 he already has too much to worry about . 
 the last thing he needs is to find out that gemma is causing some kind of electrical static thing . '' 
 before i could stop myself , i let out a gasp . 
 crap . 
 my muscles tensed as i sealed my mouth shut and held my breath . 
 `` yeah , but if it has something to do with the prophecy , he 'd want to know , '' aislin told him . 
 it seemed like they had n't heard me . 
 i quietly exhaled , my muscles relaxing a little ... hold on . 
 rewind . 
 did she just say prophecy ? 
 `` why would that have anything to do with the prophecy ? '' 
 alex said , clearly annoyed . 
 `` it 's not about the prophecy . 
 it 's about her . 
 she 's causing it . '' 
 `` you do n't know that for sure . 
 maybe you 're the one who 's causing it , '' aislin suggested . 
 `` i mean i know i do n't feel anything like that when i 'm around her . 
 for all you know , she might not even feel it . '' 
 `` trust me , she does , '' alex said with confidence . 
 i pulled a face . 
 how could he be so convinced i felt it ? 
 ugh . 
 he was so sure of himself . 
 of course , my constant gasping and inability to breathe when i was around him might have been a bit of a giveaway . 
 `` alex , i really think you should - '' aislin started . 
 alex shushed her . 
 `` just a second . '' 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 aislin whispered . 
 the air ceased to an eerie standstill . 
 had he felt the electricity ? 
 if he had , i was so busted . 
 crap . 
 now they were going to know i 'd been listening . 
 although i do n't know why this had me worried ? 
 they 'd been the ones talking about me . 
 they should be the ones worried . 
 but the things they were saying ... they were n't normal . 
 i had to get out of here . 
 i scrambled to my feet and reached for my bag . 
 `` gemma , can i help you find something ? '' 
 i jumped back , my pulse racing with fear . 
 but it turned out to be only mrs. bakerly . 
 she had a small stack of books in her hand and was looking at me with wide eyes . 
 my alarmed reaction must have scared the heck out of her or something . 
 one thing 's for sure . 
 she 'd scared the heck out of me . 
 `` no , i 'm fine . '' 
 why , oh why , did she have to say my name ? 
 `` i was just looking to see if i could ... um ... find something good to take home with me ? '' 
 `` well , if you need anything , '' she slid a book carefully onto the shelf , `` just let me know . '' 
 `` i will , '' i told her . 
 she smiled and walked away . 
 i whirled my attention back to the other side of the shelf-back to alex and aislin . 
 had they figured out i 'd been listening to them ? 
 were they waiting for mrs. bakerly to leave so they could , i do n't know , jump me or something ? 
 yeah , the idea sounded as stupid to me as it did to you but , hey , you never know . 
 i could n't hear anything , though . 
 not a sound . 
 not a peep . 
 my hands shook as i peeked through a sliver of space between two of the shelves . 
 they were gone . 
 great . 
 now i had no clue whether they 'd discovered i 'd been listening or not . 
 although i was pretty sure they had , which seemed like a very , very bad thing . 
 this sucked . 
 one good thing that came out of the situation , though , was that i learned a valuable lesson . 
 if you 're going to eavesdrop , do n't get caught , especially when the people you were eavesdropping on just might be a little off of the rocker . 
 the stuff they were saying ... it was so weird . 
 like straight out of a science fiction novel weird . 
 i shook my head and sighed . 
 something was going on and i needed to find out what . 
 i did n't know how , though . 
 all i knew was that it was extremely important that i did . 
 i could feel it in my bones . 
 chapter 5 like always , when i went to bed that night , i got sucked into my reoccurring nightmare-the one where i was being chased by the glowing-eyed , cloaked creatures in the middle of the forest . 
 but surprisingly , the ending took a turn in a different direction . 
 after the monsters had captured me , and the man with the scar stepped underneath the light of the moon , he transformed into someone else . 
 that someone else was alex. his green eyes glimmered hauntingly in the shadows of the night as he grabbed a hold of me . 
 instead of freezing to death like i usually did , i burst into flames . 
 i woke up frantic and dripping in sweat . 
 and for a split second , i was convinced i really was on fire . 
 so convinced that i had to check my body for burn marks before i could calm down . 
 everything was becoming too stressful , to the point where i actually considered breaking down and telling marco and sophia everything . 
 about alex and aislin . 
 about the electricity . 
 even about the prickle and my feelings . 
 but when i 'd gone downstairs to tell them , sophia had pierced me with a glare before i could even get the words out , and i was quickly yanked back to reality ; the reality that i had no one . 
 no one to talk to . 
 no one to tell . 
 no one to help me . 
 over the weekend , i tried not to worry about stuff , but it was a worthless effort . 
 all i did was worry . 
 so i decided to search the internet for ... well , i was n't exactly sure what i was looking for , but i hoped i 'd know when i found it . 
 most of my research centered on alex and ailsin . 
 but when i typed their names into the search engine , i got nothing . 
 nothing that could be directly linked to them , anyway . 
 they did n't even have a facebook page . 
 then again , neither did i . 
 but really , who was i going to add to my friend list ? 
 after awhile , i gave up and moved on to the electricity . 
 again , my searches brought up nothing that i could match it up to . 
 it was just like when i 'd tried to find out about the prickle . 
 there was a bunch of scientific stuff , but nothing remotely similar to what was happening between alex and me . 
 so after hours of research , i had nothing . 
 i had no clue what was going on with me . 
 or what was going on with alex and aislin . 
 or even who they were . 
 it was almost like they 'd appeared out of thin air . 
 these unsolved mysteries left me with a massive sense of dread . 
 i was n't excited , by any means , to go to astronomy on monday . 
 i even went to the extent of trying to fake sick so i could skip out on going to school . 
 but that plan went to crap because sophia had n't bought my lame acting attempt at having the flu . 
 she told me if i stayed home , she was n't excusing my absence . 
 an unexcused absence meant after school detention , and more time hanging around at school , which you all know is not my favorite thing . 
 thus , here i was , entering the astronomy classroom , my chest feeling like it was going to cave in on me at any moment . 
 and , just my luck , alex and aislin were already at our table . 
 they were engaged in what looked like a very heavy conversation . 
 i could tell by the seriousness in their expressions , and the way they were leaning in like they were trying to create a barrier between themselves and everyone else around them . 
 i could only guess what they were talking about . 
 i gave myself a quick mental pep talk . 
 you can do this . 
 you can do this . 
 you are n't the one who should be nervous . 
 i straightened up my shoulders and started the climb up the stairs . 
 i swear my shoes felt like they weighed a hundred pounds each . 
 with every step , my breathing shortened . 
 for a moment , i thought i just might faint . 
 luckily , i did n't . 
 alex and aislin did n't notice me until i sat down . 
 then they stopped talking . 
 i avoided eye contact with them as i unzipped my bag and took out my book . 
 but i could feel their eyes on me , watching me like hawks . 
 after i 'd dragged out the process of taking my stuff out of my bag for as long as i could , i snuck a glance at alex. he had on a black hooded jacket , and the color of his bright green eyes seemed to look a little darker today . 
 although it could have been from the death stare he was giving me i amazed myself when i actually glowered back at him . 
 i think i might have shocked him , too , because his death stare slipped into a look of puzzlement . 
 i 'm not going to lie , confusing him made me feel good . 
 aislin acted the absolute opposite of alex. her smile shined almost as much as the diamond necklace she had on . 
 `` hi , gemma . '' 
 by her overly cheerful tone , i could tell she was feigning being nice to me . 
 i decided to play her little game and politely smiled back at her . 
 however , i think it came off more twitchy and nervous than i wanted . 
 evidently , i sucked at being fake cheerful . 
 aislin , however , was a pro , her smile never faltering . 
 `` how was your weekend ? '' 
 `` great , '' i lied , sounding grumpy . 
 `` alright , everyone , '' mr. sterling said , clapping his hands together to get everyone 's attention . 
 `` let 's get started . '' 
 and that 's the last thing i heard . 
 i tuned everything out as the electricity ignited and preoccupied almost every inch of my concentration . 
 to make things even more distracting , alex started staring at me , and continued to do so until the end of class . 
 it sucked big time and made me squirm around uncomfortably in my seat . 
 at last , the bell finally did ring and class was dismissed . 
 i quickly collected my things and hastily shoved them into my messenger bag , feeling thankful that mr. sterling had been in one of his discussion modes and had left no time for group time . 
 i stood up , ready to bolt for the door right as mr. sterling decided to make an announcement . 
 `` one more thing before you go , '' he said . 
 he waited for everyone to settle down before continuing . 
 `` as a group , i want you to complete a project . 
 it can be any topic of your choice , just as long as it relates to astronomy . 
 it 's worth thirty percent of your grade , and you 'll have to spend some time out of class working on it . '' 
 he ignored the moans and groans that filled the room . 
 `` i will need you to tell me a basic idea of what your topic is going to be by tomorrow . 
 there are more specific instructions in this . '' 
 he held up a packet of papers . 
 `` make sure you pick one up as you leave class so you can start brainstorming ideas of what you 're going to do . 
 that 's it . 
 class dismissed . '' 
 group project . 
 great . 
 i swung the handle of my bag over my shoulder and made a dash for the door , not slowing down until i 'd made it safely to my corner of the library . 
 i could n't find the book i 'd been reading-the one about the girl that had a super power . 
 after searching for several minutes , i finally spotted it lying sideways in front of the encyclopedia 's , which were on the top shelf . 
 now i was tall , but not tall enough to reach it . 
 even on my tiptoes , with my arm stretched out as far as it would go , i still came up inches short . 
 i was just getting ready to make a jump for it , when an eruption of electricity riled up my back . 
 my skin tingled as i jolted backward . 
 `` need some help ? '' 
 alex asked , watching me with patronizing eyes . 
 i had to collect myself before i spoke so that my voice would come out even . 
 `` no . 
 i 'm good . '' 
 he stepped closer and nodded at the shelf . 
 `` which one are you trying to reach ? '' 
 `` i-that one , '' i stammered , pointing at the book . 
 then i rolled my eyes at myself . 
 get it together gemma . 
 he reached over my head , the scent of his cologne fluttering the air . 
 in height , he had me by about four or five inches and grabbed the book effortlessly . 
 `` here you go . '' 
 `` thanks . '' 
 i took the book from him , being extra careful not to let my fingers touch his skin . 
 if just being near him made my body buzz , i could only imagine what touching him would be like . 
 without saying bye , i weaved my way through the maze of bookshelves until i was back at my normal spot . 
 i was very aware that alex had followed me , but was trying hard to ignore him . 
 i sat down on the floor next to my bag and got comfortable . 
 he stared down at me , clearly irritated . 
 `` i did n't just come here to get your book for you . '' 
 i opened my book up . 
 `` then why did you ? '' 
 it got quiet , the only sound coming from me flipping through the pages as i searched for the page i 'd left off on yesterday . 
 but my brain had blanked out , and i could n't seem to find the right one . 
 `` aislin had me track you down , '' he said suddenly . 
 `` and since you seem to like hiding back here so much , i figured i 'd find you here . '' 
 and there it was . 
 the thing i 'd been waiting for-for them to say they knew i 'd been eavesdropping on their conversation . 
 that they knew i 'd heard all the bizarre things they 'd been talking about . 
 much of which included me . 
 totally dumfounded on what to do or say , i kept searching through the book , the pages fanning my face with a cool breeze that felt nice against my heated skin . 
 alex stole the book out of my hands . 
 `` hey . '' 
 i grimaced . 
 he snapped the book shut . 
 `` aislin wants to know if you 'll meet us here after school so we can come up with an idea for our project . '' 
 he spoke every syllable slowly , as if he thought i was slow . 
 that was it . 
 that was all he wanted . 
 no accusations . 
 no explanations . 
 no nothing . 
 `` well , can you ? '' 
 he asked impatiently . 
 i wanted to tell him no because i really , really did n't want be around either one of them . 
 well , okay , that was kind of stretching the truth since , right at this moment , every nerve in my body was magnetizing toward him . 
 but that was because of the electricity , not me . 
 the stupid , obnoxious , make-your-mind-go-all-fuzzy electricity . 
 `` if you guys want , you can just pick a topic without me , '' i offered , hoping , upon hoping , he 'd say yes . 
 he shook his head . 
 `` nope . 
 were supposed to work together as group . '' 
 i raised my eyebrows accusingly . 
 `` i 'm guessing you probably really do n't give a crap whether we work on it as a group or not . '' 
 `` oh , i do n't , '' he assured me . 
 `` but aislin does . '' 
 i narrowed my eyes at him as i got to my feet . 
 `` fine . 
 i guess i 'll be there then . '' 
 i stuck out my hand . 
 `` now please give me back my book . '' 
 he pressed his lips together , took an unnecessary step toward me-totally invading my personal space-and placed the book in my hand . 
 as he moved his hand away , one of his fingers brushed against mine . 
 accidental or not , who knew ? 
 but the smug smile on his face was making me think he 'd probably done it intentionally , perhaps to try and torture me to death . 
 and torture it was . 
 not the chain-you-up-in-the-basement-without-any-food-or-water kind of torture , but more like the want-it-so-badly-lose-your-mind-because-you-know-you-can-never-have-it kind . 
 my hand shook as i fought to stay calm . 
 i knew the worse thing to do was to let him see how much of an affect his touch had on me . 
 on the inside , however , my body was going wild , my heart erupting , my blood racing . 
 at that very moment , i wanted nothing more than to be close to him . 
 yep , i know , i 'm pathetic . 
 for a split second , i thought i saw alex 's eyes widen , building my hope that maybe the touch was having the same affect on him . 
 but it happened so quickly , i could n't be certain it actually happened . 
 and before i knew it , he turned his back on me and left without saying another word . 
 what did my life used to be like ? 
 that was the question that ping-ponged through my brain during the rest of the school day . 
 what had my life been like before i 'd been able to feel ? 
 before alex had come along ? 
 before the electricity had shown up ? 
 oddly enough , even though the majority of my life had been spent without all of this , it did n't feel like it . 
 in fact , my pre-feeling , pre-alex , pre-electricity days seemed like such a long , long time ago . 
 then again , what was life without feeling , really ? 
 nothing . 
 and maybe that 's why i was having a hard time remembering . 
 but anyway ... my last class of the day was a big crap-fest . 
 i was called on three times , which has never happened to me before . 
 but for some reason-who knows , maybe alex 's touch had left my skin glowing or something-i was the very opposite of invisible . 
 at least to mr. montgomery , my seventh period english teacher , who continuously called on me to answer his questions . 
 gemma , can you tell us what one of the major themes is in shakespeare 's romeo and juliet ? 
 gemma , what is the significance of the poison in the play ? 
 it was n't like i did n't have the answers to his questions . 
 i loved literature and everything , but i hated being put on the spot . 
 and i hated the fact that i stammered all of my answers . 
 to top it all off , my locker got jammed , and in the middle of kicking the crap out of it , a teacher strolled by and scolded me . 
 by the time i sank down into a chair at library , i was in no mood to deal with any more crap . 
 really , i probably should have skipped out on the meeting , since alex had the tendency to get under my skin . 
 but i did n't . 
 i do n't know why . 
 i also had a major headache . 
 my brain felt like it was boiling inside my skull . 
 god , i was going to have to take up yoga to deal with all the stress . 
 i rested my head on the table . 
 the wood was cold against my warm skin . 
 it felt nice . 
 i massaged the sides of my temples , and let my eyes drift closed . 
 i took a slow breath and tried to bury all of my problems deep , deep down where it would take them forever to resurface . 
 but as a current of electricity weaved its way up my spine , i remembered that burying your problems was only a temporary solution . 
 i groaned as my endeavor at relaxing flew right out the window . 
 alex dropped his bag on the table . 
 `` headache ? '' 
 `` yep , '' i replied snippily . 
 and it 's sitting right next to me . 
 `` gemma , what 's wrong ? '' 
 the voice belonged to aislin . 
 i raised my head up . 
 she was standing on the other side of the table , a pink purse draped across her shoulder , her forehead creased over with concern . 
 `` she has a headache , '' alex answered for me . 
 `` i 'm fine , '' i told her . 
 `` really . 
 it 's not a big deal . '' 
 `` hold on , i think i have something . '' 
 she dug around her purse and retrieved a bottle of tylenol . 
 `` here you go . '' 
 i took the bottle gratefully , poured two in my hand , and gave it back to her . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 she smiled and tossed the bottle back in her bag . 
 `` no problem . '' 
 i tipped my head back , plopped them into my mouth , and forced them down my throat with my spit . 
 hopefully they 'd kick in quick . 
 if i was lucky , maybe they 'd also numb out the electricity along with the headache . 
 hey , a girl can hope , right ? 
 aislin sat down . 
 `` okay , so does anyone have any ideas on what we should do for our project ? '' 
 `` whatever 's easiest , '' alex said . 
 then he glanced at me and added , `` and takes the least amount of time . '' 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 `` do n't be ridiculous , alex , '' aislin said , like it was the most absurd thing she 'd ever heard . 
 `` we need to do a good job . 
 i for one would really like to get an a. and i 'm sure you would too . 
 right , gemma ? '' 
 typically sure , but right now ... hmm ... not so much . 
 in fact , all i wanted right now was leave . 
 `` i do n't mind if we do something easy . '' 
 i flicked a glance in alex 's direction . 
 `` and short . '' 
 `` good , then its settled . '' 
 he leaned back in his chair and rested his hands behind his head . 
 `` we 'll pick whatever 's easiest . '' 
 aislin scowled at him . 
 `` so , what i was thinking , '' he continued on , ignoring aislin 's scowl , `` is that we could just make a galaxy map and type up a report to go with it . 
 that way we would n't have to spend very much time working on it together . '' 
 okay , that 's it . 
 i 'd had enough of his snide comments and jabs at me . 
 `` great . 
 sounds good . '' 
 i got up , my chair tipping backward on two legs , then falling forward on all fours again . 
 i snatched by bag off of the table and turned to leave . 
 `` gemma wait . '' 
 aislin leapt up from her chair . 
 she put her hands on her h * ps and pinned alex with an angrily look . 
 `` do n't you think that project is a little too easy ? '' 
 he waved his hand in the air , brushing her off . 
 `` it 'll be fine . '' 
 i did a mental count to ten while i waited to see if they 'd say anything further . 
 when they did n't , i left . 
 outside , a ghostlike fog blanketed the parking lot . 
 i made my way in the direction of where i hoped my car was , but it was hard to tell in the low visibility . 
 i was still all riled up over how alex had made it clear that he wanted to see as little of me as possible . 
 i was also kind of mad at myself for not telling him off . 
 i was in the middle of figuring out whether or not i was walking around in circles , when i was hit with the feeling that someone was watching me . 
 and suddenly , i became hyperaware that there was n't a single sole in sight . 
 i picked up my pace , my black dc sneakers thudding against the ice . 
 it was the only sound that filled the air until a crackle rose over it . 
 i glanced down at the ground . 
 the ice looked like it was moving . 
 yes , moving , right along with the pace of my footsteps . 
 my heart stuttered as my nightmare flashed through my mind . 
 me running . 
 the monsters chasing me . 
 ice moving after me . 
 i ran , but not very fast since the ground was one big accident waiting to happen . 
 i kept telling myself that nightmares do n't come true . 
 glowing-eyed monsters that kill people with their death chill are n't real . 
 but as i felt the air abruptly descend to a bone chilling temperature , i full-on freaked out . 
 i searched franticly for car , slipping all over the ice like i was trying to be part of the ice capades . 
 but i could n't spot my car anywhere . 
 i desperately strained my eyes against the thick fog , and that 's when i saw it ; not my car , but a flicker of yellow . 
 my heart stopped . 
 everything stopped . 
 i gasped as the prickle traced the back of my neck . 
 i 'd felt fear before , but this was a whole new level of fear . 
 a run-for-your-life-or-you 're - going-to-die kind of fear . 
 which was exactly what i was going to do . 
 i spun around , preparing to make a mad sprint back to the school and wait there until the fog lifted . 
 except , before i could work up a run , i slammed into something hard and warm and static charged . 
 i stumbled backwards , frenetically scrambling to get my footing . 
 `` what the heck is wrong with you ? '' 
 alex asked , his voice a mix of irritation and concern . 
 i regained my balance and stood up straight . 
 `` nothing . 
 i was n't doing anything . '' 
 his dark brown hair was damp from the fog , and tucked underneath his arm was a book . 
 `` it does n't look like nothing . 
 you look scared . '' 
 my heart drummed violently in my chest . 
 scared . 
 i was scared . 
 i glanced back over my shoulder . 
 nothing but fog . 
 `` gemma . '' 
 i turned back to alex. `` huh ? '' 
 `` are you okay ? 
 you look a little ... lost ? '' 
 i was lost . 
 and confused . 
 and terrified . 
 and a million other different things . 
 the air was starting to warm back up . 
 it was still freezing and everything , but a normal freezing instead of a deathly freezing . 
 `` i um ... '' i swallowed hard , choking on the image of the yellow lights lurking not too far away from where i stood . 
 had it really been there ? 
 i had n't actually seen the cloaked figure , just two little lights shaped as eyes . 
 or at least they looked like eyes . 
 without the overload of adrenaline pounding though me anymore , i was n't so sure . 
 alex 's gaze wandered over my shoulder . 
 `` what were you looking at over there ? '' 
 `` um ... nothing . '' 
 there was no way i was going to tell him what i thought i 'd seen . 
 `` i just thought i saw ... a dog . '' 
 i did a mental eye roll at myself . 
 a dog ? 
 really gemma ? 
 you ca n't come up with anything better than that ? 
 he eyed me over suspiciously , and then his eyebrow arched up . 
 `` you 're afraid of dogs ? '' 
 `` no , '' i responded automatically . 
 `` you were scared , though , '' he pointed out . 
 `` so scared you ran into me . '' 
 `` well ... '' i wanted to smack myself for being such a terrible liar . 
 i struggled to think of an excuse-any excuse i could give . 
 `` what does it even matter to you , anyway ? '' 
 i snapped . 
 `` i mean , it 's not like you really care . '' 
 `` yeah , good point . '' 
 he shoved the book he was holding at me . 
 `` you left this in the library by the way . '' 
 i furrowed my eyebrows at the book , perplexed because i could n't remember taking my book out of my bag while i was in the library . 
 `` this is the part where you say thanks , '' he said arrogantly i 'd have loved to slap the arrogance right off of his pretty little face , but i did n't . 
 i snatched the book from his hand . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 he pressed his lips together and gave a quick glance behind me . 
 `` well ... drive carefully . '' 
 i gave him a funny look . 
 drive carefully ? 
 what was that suppose to mean ? 
 well , i know what it means in the literal sense but ... i gaped at him as he sauntered away , feeling , once again , as lost ever . 
 and after he 'd vanished through the fog , i ran like hell to find my car . 
 chapter 6 the drive home was a blur of shapes and colors . 
 i barely saw anything . 
 i could n't pay attention . 
 my mind was still back in the parking lot where i 'd thought i 'd seen the lights . 
 i 'd locked my car doors . 
 my hands were sweating disgustingly as i grasped the steering wheel tightly . 
 i was edgy and jumpy and constantly checking in the rearview mirror for any trace of yellow lights in the shape of eyes . 
 i was n't exactly sure what i 'd seen in the foggy parking lot , but i was n't going to take any chances . 
 if my nightmares had crossed over into real-life , then i was going to have to keep myself on high alert . 
 i parked my car in the driveway , jumped out , and dashed inside the house , dead bolting the door behind me . 
 i could hear the tv humming in the living room . 
 marco and sophia were home , which made me feel slightly better . 
 i went up to my room and locked my door . 
 then i sank to the floor . 
 this was n't happening . 
 this could n't be happening . 
 it had to be a dream . 
 how could it not be ? 
 to find out if i was dreaming or not , i did the only thing i could think . 
 i pinched my arm hard . 
 it stung badly , and a pink welt formed on my skin . 
 well , that was a great idea . 
 i sighed , getting to my feet . 
 i had two options here and neither one of them sounded appealing . 
 the first , and my least favorite , wait it out . 
 see what happens . 
 the second option i was n't too fond of either . 
 tell marco and sophia . 
 this meant risking looking like a total nut job if they did n't believe . 
 but getting killed seemed worse . 
 so with a million knots tying their way into my stomach , i headed downstairs . 
 okay , so you know that feeling you get when you walk into a room and the air feels thick and heavy and you know you were just being talked about ? 
 well , that 's what happened when i found marco and sophia , huddled together at the kitchen table , talking quietly . 
 i instantly got the impression they were talking about me . 
 and by the horrified expressions on their faces when they saw me , i assumed my impression was right on . 
 sophia leaned back in the chair and smoothed out her grey pencil skirt . 
 `` do you need something ? '' 
 i eyed her over carefully . 
 `` i 'm not sure . '' 
 i 'd been so determined not to lose my nerve and tell them what was going on . 
 but now , something felt off . 
 my insides were screaming at me to keep my mouth shut . 
 marco swiped a magazine up from the table and fumbled to open it , mumbling incoherently underneath his breath . 
 `` well , if you do n't need anything ... '' sophia drifted out of her chair and roamed over to cupboards . 
 i stood in the doorway , watching her closely as she opened a drawer , pulled out a pan , and fill it with water . 
 then she moved over to the pantry , grabbed a can of tomato sauce , and fought to get the lid off . 
 i glanced at the clock : 4:30 . 
 a little too early to be making dinner , do n't you think ? 
 yet there she was , making dinner . 
 i turned my attention to marco . 
 he shook the magazine out like it was a newspaper , then turned his back to me . 
 what in the world had i been thinking when i 'd decided to come down here ? 
 i should have known better than to believe i could talk to them . 
 i did n't even know them . 
 not really . 
 i mean for all i knew , the real reason i 'd been living with them for the last seventeen years was because they 'd kidnapped me . 
 yeah , i really did n't think that was true or anything , but until i could one-hundred percent prove it was n't true , i was n't going to disregard the theory . 
 the next day at school , i felt like a walking zombie . 
 i 'd slept like crap the night before , because of my nightmares , and i had to check under my bed just to make sure there were n't any real-life cloaked monsters hiding out . 
 even though the coast was clear , i had n't been able to fall back asleep . 
 of course , i had no problem falling asleep during biology . 
 when the bell rang , it woke me up , and scared the crap out of me , causing me to leap from my seat and bang my knee on the desk . 
 not to mention , i 'd had my cheek resting on my arm , right where my studded bracelet was fastened , so now there was a sequence of dots indented into the side of my face . 
 which in no way made me look like a bigger dork , let me tell you . 
 add the humiliation factor with the giant bruise on my knee , and i felt awesome . 
 i know , i know . 
 i sounded very whiny . 
 but i was having a very bad day so cut me some slack , would you ? 
 my next stop was astronomy . 
 i arrived early and the classroom was empty . 
 the emptiness immediately made me feel uneasy . 
 goose bumps sprouted all over my skin as i hung my messenger bag over the back of the chair and sat down . 
 god , i was so tired . 
 i needed a nap . 
 as soon as the first person entered , i rested my head on the table and let my eyelids slip shut . 
 but moments later , a warm tingly sensation shot up my arms and reverberated down my back . 
 `` tired ? '' 
 alex remarked . 
 i heard a chair slide out and then something landed on the table not too far from my head . 
 his backpack , i assumed . 
 i did n't say anything . 
 nor did i look at him . 
 i just was n't in the mood to deal with him . 
 he did n't say anything else to me , and i did n't raise my head up until class had started . 
 that 's when i realized aislin 's chair was vacant . 
 `` she 's not here today , '' he said , noticing the direction of my gaze . 
 he was wearing a black shirt , the sleeves pushed up to his elbows . 
 he looked good . 
 he always looked good . 
 too bad he was such a jerk . 
 `` she has the flu . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 i frowned . 
 so it was just him and me ? 
 well , today ought to be fun . 
 about as fun as watching a two hour special on fungi growth -lrb- and yeah , i 've actually had to do that before -rrb- . 
 aislin acted as our mediator . 
 with her gone , i could only imagine how well the next forty-five minutes was going to go . 
 i take that back . 
 i actually could since we 'd been forced to work together once before . 
 and need i remind you how well that went-with me and alex getting lectured by mr. sterling . 
 `` you do n't need to look so upset about it . '' 
 a smirk threatened at his lips . 
 `` i 'm not that bad to be around , am i ? '' 
 afraid of what might come out of my mouth , i kept it shut . 
 ten minutes into class , mr. sterling received a phone call . 
 after he hung up , he made an announcement that there was something urgent that needed his attention , and he was going to drop off the class at the library to get a head start on our projects . 
 i considered ditching . 
 going home and taking a nap . 
 but i could n't muster up enough courage to go through with it . 
 mark scholy and dean edwards did . 
 they ducked out as soon as mrs. bakerly stepped away from her desk . 
 but they very rarely showed up for class as it was . 
 and they did n't have to worry about a group of freaky yellow-eyed monsters showing up to kill them . 
 `` so what do you want to work on first ? '' 
 alex asked me after we 'd picked out a table to drop off our things at . 
 i hung my messenger bag on the back of a chair . 
 `` does n't matter to me . '' 
 he took his cell phone out of his pocket and glanced at the screen . 
 `` well , it does n't matter to me either . '' 
 we both stood there , mulling over what to do next , and i caught him staring at my eyes . 
 not into my eyes-at my eyes . 
 typically when people stared at them , they were awestruck by the shocking color of violet , which bugged me . 
 i knew the color was strange and everything , but staring is rude . 
 however , the way alex was looking at them erased my normal ping of annoyance , and made my insides melt like hot butter . 
 then , of course , he had to open his mouth and ruin everything . 
 `` maybe you should go home and get some sleep . 
 you look tired . '' 
 he might as well have told me i looked like hell . 
 i shot him a scowl , turned my back on him , and marched off toward the bookshelves . 
 not necessarily to look for a book , but to get away from him . 
 he followed after me . 
 `` i did n't mean that in a bad way . 
 i was just suggesting that maybe you should get some more sleep . '' 
 `` that would be nice if it were possible . '' 
 i could n't , though , seeing is how i was afraid to go to sleep . 
 i stopped in front of a shelf , skimming the titles of the books . 
 realizing i was in the romance section-the last place i wanted to be-i rounded the corner to the fiction section , with alex trailing at my heels . 
 `` are you having nightmares or something ? '' 
 his eyes met mine , and i momentarily spaced out . 
 `` yes . '' 
 i blinked and shook my head . 
 `` i mean no . '' 
 his smile was mocking . 
 `` which one is it ? 
 yes or no ? '' 
 `` yes , i had a nightmare , '' i snapped . 
 `` but what does it matter to you , anyway ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` it does n't . '' 
 i bit down on my tongue to stop myself from sticking it out like a three-year-old . 
 do n't let him get to you . 
 do n't let him get to you . 
 `` you know , i could just write the report for us , '' i said . 
 `` and then you and aislin could put the galaxy map together . 
 that way you and i would n't have to work together . '' 
 `` what are you trying to do , get rid of me or something ? '' 
 he teased . 
 `` no , '' i answered mechanically . 
 wait . 
 where did that come from ? 
 he grinned haughtily . 
 `` oh , would you just go away ? '' 
 i yanked a random book from the shelf and fixed my attention on reading the back cover . 
 before he could say another snide remark-because i 'm almost positive he had one ready-his phone rang from inside his pocket . 
 instead of answering it , he reached in and silenced it . 
 `` actually , i was thinking about cutting out early . '' 
 i should have been relieved , but for some reason , i developed a nauseated feeling in the pit of my stomach . 
 `` okay , go ahead . 
 i wo n't say anything . '' 
 `` oh , i know you wo n't . '' 
 he slid his hands into his pockets . 
 `` i was just telling you in case you wanted to come along . '' 
 i gaped at him . 
 `` you have got to be kidding ? '' 
 `` nope , '' he said . 
 `` you really look like you could use a break . '' 
 i had no idea what to say . 
 although i knew what my heart was telling me to do-go with him . 
 but why would i ? 
 he hated me . 
 i knew that . 
 he had to be teasing me . 
 playing his little alex mind games . 
 he ambled over the end of the aisle and glanced over his shoulder , flashing me a taunting smile . 
 `` that is unless you are too scared . '' 
 i should have been-after what he 'd just said . 
 but for a split second-a very crucial , decision making second-i conveniently forgot about everything . 
 how he 'd repeatedly treated me like crap . 
 and i magically shoved the electric feeling right out of my mind , along with the conversation i 'd overheard between him and aislin . 
 alex disappeared around the corner of the shelf and headed back to our table . 
 i followed after him , kelsey merritt and her clones throwing me a dirty looks as i passed by them . 
 `` so where exactly are you going ? '' 
 i asked him . 
 `` it 's a surprise , '' he said , shoving his books into his bag . 
 do n't go , my inner conscious screamed at me . 
 `` okay , i 'm in . '' 
 he swung his bag over his shoulder , and i could hear the smile in his voice when he said , `` let 's go , then . '' 
 i hesitated , suddenly unsure . 
 was i out of my mind ? 
 going off with him-after everything that had happened between us ? 
 but then he dazzled me the most beautiful , heart melting smile-the kind of smile i 'd wanted him to give me since the first day i 'd laid eyes on him-and that was that . 
 the rational part of my brain quit working . 
 without a second thought , i grabbed my bag and followed him out the door . 
 chapter 7 as soon as i realized where alex was going , i went into full-on panic mode . 
 i even temporarily contemplated jumping out of the moving vehicle . 
 after i 'd followed alex out of library , we 'd went out to the parking lot and climbed into his car-an old cherry red chevy camaro . 
 it was a beautiful car . 
 but a beautiful car that was taking me toward the mountains , something that i realized a little too late . 
 the mountains . 
 here i was alone with a guy i scarcely knew-a strange guy that i scarcely knew-and i was going straight to the place where i was killed every night in my nightmares , by yellowed-eyed monsters that may or may not be real . 
 i 'd really gotten myself into mess here , had n't i ? 
 i ca n't believe how stupid and irrational i was . 
 i mean , a cute boy finally smiles at me and i forget all logic . 
 but there was nothing i could do about it now except strap my seatbelt on , watch the town slip farther and farther away , and keep my fingers crossed that everything would turn out alright . 
 i tapped my fingers anxiously on my knee . 
 in the confined space of the car , the electricity hummed powerfully . 
 between that , the heater blaring , and my jittery nerves , i was starting to sweat . 
 `` so where exactly are we going ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` where going to two places , actually , '' alex told me , down shifting the car . 
 `` but the first stop is just so i can pick something up . '' 
 i wiped my sweaty palm on my jeans . 
 `` so what 's the second stop ? '' 
 he flashed me a devious smile . 
 `` that one 's a secret . '' 
 a secret . 
 secrets were rarely good . 
 and since it was alex. . . 
 let 's just say i was n't feeling too optimistic here , especially since he was being nice . 
 well nice for him , anyway . 
 it made me even edgier than i 'd already been , and i could n't help but wonder if he had some kind of hidden agenda for bringing me out here . 
 a lumped formed in my throat as i mentally cursed myself for coming with him . 
 he lifted an eyebrow at me . 
 `` is something wrong ? 
 you look scared . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` no . 
 i 'm not scared . '' 
 `` really ? 
 because you sure look like you are . '' 
 i fiddled with the zipper on my messenger bag , deliberating what to say . 
 the truth . 
 sure , why not . 
 it could n't make the situation any worse , could it ? 
 `` well , i guess maybe i 'm a little scared . '' 
 he slowed down the car and made a right turn off of the main highway and onto a snow packed back road that laced over the foot hills . 
 these kinds of roads were the kind that the snow plows only plowed a few miles up , which meant we probably would n't be able to make it that far up it . 
 or at least the car would n't be able to . 
 on foot , well , that was a different story . 
 i gulped at that frightening thought . 
 `` so why are you scared ? '' 
 alex asked . 
 i shrugged , trying not to get freaked out by the sight of the trees trimming the sides of the road . 
 or by thinking about what might be hiding in them . 
 `` because ... well , i really do n't know anything about you other than you hate me . '' 
 `` i do n't hate you , '' he told me , and oddly enough , he sounded like he was telling the truth . 
 `` i 'm just moody . 
 it 's nothing personal . '' 
 moody . 
 understatement of the year . 
 i tore my gaze away from the trees and looked at him . 
 he was staring ahead , eyes focus on the road . 
 as much as i hated to admit it , the guy was gorgeous . 
 bright green eyes , dark hair , perfect lips . 
 he was n't too thin , nor too big and bulky . 
 he was a happy medium-lean and nice . 
 very nice . 
 a crooked smile crept up on his face as he turned his head toward me . 
 `` you 're staring . '' 
 i whipped my head back toward the window , feeling like a total idiot . 
 `` no , i was n't . '' 
 he laughed but said nothing . 
 a few minutes later , he was parking the car in front of an old log cabin . 
 a crooked gray stone chimney topped the roof , and a partly collapsed deck wrapped around the bottom . 
 the windows were boarded up , and the entire yard was buried in at least five feet of snow except for a recently shoveled walkway . 
 he pulled the emergency brake and left the engine running . 
 `` wait here . 
 i 'll be right back . '' 
 he got out of the car , sinking ankle deep in snow as he trampled up to the front door of the cabin and entered without knocking . 
 my nerves were bouncing as i sat in the car alone . 
 there were trees all over the place . 
 what if they were out there , watching me , waiting for the perfect moment to jump out and kill me ? 
 we were so far away from civilization , if something did happen , i was doomed . 
 i bet i could n't even get a signal on my cell phone . 
 i checked the screen of my phone . 
 yep , no bars . 
 i tapped my fingers on my knee as i counted backwards from one-hundred , trying to stay calm . 
 breathe , i told myself . 
 just breathe . 
 thankfully , alex came out of the cabin before i 'd gotten too worked up . 
 light , fluffy snowflakes had started to float down from the sky and frost now laced the car windows . 
 `` what were you doing in there ? '' 
 i asked as he climbed back inside the car . 
 he rubbed his hands together , warming them up . 
 `` nothing important . '' 
 he flipped the windshield wipers on . 
 `` i just needed to check on something . '' 
 `` i thought you said you needed to pick something up ? '' 
 he shrugged , shifted into reverse , and backed out onto the road , the car 's tires spinning in protest . 
 the snowflakes became thicker and fell more rapidly against the window the farther up the mountain we drove . 
 the windshield wipers were working overtime so alex could see . 
 just as i was starting to worry that the car was going to get stuck , we came to a stop in the middle of the road . 
 i assumed he was turning around since the only things around were mountains , snow , and trees . 
 but instead , he killed the engine . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 i asked nervously . 
 `` we 're here . '' 
 he gestured at the scenery outside . 
 `` this is it . '' 
 i frowned . 
 `` where are we ? '' 
 `` the mountains . '' 
 i gave him a duh look . 
 `` i know that , but why are we here ? '' 
 out in the middle of nowhere , i thought but did n't say aloud . 
 `` because this is the place i wanted take you . '' 
 it seemed like he was trying to tiptoe around the details of why he 'd driven me clear in the heck out into the middle of the mountains . 
 i grew more uneasy . 
 `` you wanted to take me to the middle of the mountains '' `` yeah , '' he opened the car door , `` but you have to get out of the car and walk a little in order to get to the exact spot i want you to see . '' 
 get . 
 out . 
 in . 
 the . 
 middle . 
 of . 
 the . 
 woods . 
 was he crazy ? 
 `` yeah , i 'm not sure that 's such a good idea . '' 
 he shot me a quizzical look . 
 `` what exactly is it you 're afraid of here ? '' 
 hmmm ... what was i afraid of ? 
 how about the trees and the image of me running for my life through them . 
 however , there was no way i could explain that one to him . 
 `` i do n't know ... i really just do n't feel like walking around in the snow . 
 that 's all . '' 
 `` do n't worry , i promise it 'll be worth it . '' 
 he smiled , this beautiful , hypnotic smile-the same smile that had lured me to follow him out of the library and into his car . 
 before i even realized what i was doing , i was getting out of the car . 
 but when the cold air hit my face , it knocked me back to reality . 
 you 're out in the mountains . 
 do n't be stupid . 
 get back in the car . 
 i shivered , debating if i should do just that . 
 alex took off toward a narrow path , caped over by leafless trees , and motioned for me to follow . 
 i gulped , my hands shaking-from the cold or from my nerves , i could n't tell you-and tromped through the snow after him . 
 the great thing about wearing sneakers while you 're hiking through the snow is ... nothing . 
 absolutely nothing . 
 unless you think your feet getting wet and frozen is a great thing . 
 on a more positive note , though , it had stopped snowing . 
 but the air was still cold , and i was shivering so badly my limbs were aching . 
 `` how far is it exactly ? '' 
 `` not too much further , '' he answered . 
 `` why ? 
 are you cold already ? '' 
 `` no , '' i lied , trying my best not to let my body noticeably shake . 
 `` i was just wondering . '' 
 `` okay . 
 whatever you say , '' he said , unconvinced . 
 `` really , i 'm not . '' 
 i repeated , feeling the need to defend myself . 
 he did n't say anything , but by the way his body was shaking , i was pretty sure he was laughing at me . 
 rounding a corner , we came across a large branch of a tree , dangling low to the ground . 
 it blocked out the entire path . 
 great . 
 going over it would take a climbing ability i so did not possess . 
 and going around it meant wading through at least a few feet of snow . 
 my jeans would get soaked . 
 i took it as a sign that we should head back . 
 `` umm ... maybe we should ... '' i started , but alex was already lifting the branch over his head like it weighed nothing . 
 the thing had to weigh a ton , though-it was gigantic . 
 `` go ahead . '' 
 alex gestured with his free hand for me to go underneath the branch . 
 `` ladies first . '' 
 part of me wondered , as i ducked beneath it , if he 'd drop it on me . 
 i know the thought was ridiculous , but hey , after everything that had happened , could you really blame me . 
 although he did n't drop it on me , my hair did get tangled around it somehow . 
 i struggled to get my hair loose , but my fingers were too cold and numb and would n't work properly . 
 plus , my neck was tipped back in this awkward position that made things even more difficult . 
 `` hold on , '' alex said . 
 i could feel him moving around and then my hair being gently pulled on . 
 he was standing so close to me and touching my hair ; it made my head buzz like a beehive full of bees . 
 `` there , '' he said , and my head was freed from the uncomfortable position it had been stuck in . 
 i 'd been holding my breath the whole time , and i let it out , a white puff of smoke rising in front of my face . 
 i quickly scooted out of the way so alex could slip underneath the branch and let it go . 
 he dusted the snow off of his hands while i smoothed my now damp hair back into place . 
 well , as much in place as it had been to begin with . 
 alex watched me , seeming amused . 
 `` you good ? '' 
 i zipped up my coat and tucked my hands in the pockets . 
 `` yeah , i guess . '' 
 `` alright then . '' 
 he brushed past me and headed down the trail again . 
 with every step i took , my heart beat fiercer . 
 we were distancing ourselves farther and farther from the car , and the trees were becoming denser . 
 for all i knew , any spot could have been `` the spot . '' 
 the spot where i kept dying over and over again in my nightmares . 
 it was hard to tell , though , because a forest was a forest . 
 everything looked the same . 
 and in my nightmares , my death took place during the night , when the sky was black and the ground was a giant shadow . 
 i 'd never been in a forest in real-life before . 
 at least not that i could remember . 
 i was quickly learning that , despite the stillness the air held , there was a lot of chaos . 
 yeah , i know , the two are a huge contradiction . 
 what i meant by it was , even though everything seemed calm , i could almost feel the things hiding out in the bushes and trees that surrounded us . 
 things that i was n't sure i really wanted to see . 
 every time the wind blew , i swear it was whispering danger . 
 the branches of the trees canopied above me , making it seem darker than it truly was . 
 and then there was alex. amazingly , he 'd been fairly quiet . 
 too quiet if you ask me . 
 maybe he was being that way because of the electricity firing between us . 
 i could n't be certain how much of an affect it was having on him , but personally , i felt fully awake and alive because of it . 
 every single one of my senses felt sharp . 
 my skin was tingling from head to toe , which helped fade-out some of the cold , so hey , i guess that was a plus . 
 as i was plucking a piece of a dead pine needle out of my hair , i heard a branch snap from behind me . 
 i skidded to a halt and spun around , my gaze skimming through trees . 
 but i could n't see anything but branches and snow . 
 i was about to turn back around when a huge gust of wind whipped through the air . 
 i heard another snap , this time much , much closer . 
 okay . 
 okay . 
 it is just an animal ... a deer or something . 
 yeah , maybe it was some kind of forest animal , but i was n't going to take any chances . 
 i whirled back around and hurried to catch up with alex , who had n't appeared to have notice i 'd fallen behind . 
 as i tried to catch my breath and calm down , i heard it . 
 not a snapping twig . 
 no , this sound was way worse . 
 a crackle , like the one i 'd heard in the school parking lot the day i 'd first seen the glowing yellow eyes . 
 fear rocketed through me . 
 i had no idea what to do . 
 turn and sprint back to the car ? 
 try and explain what was happening to alex ? 
 neither sounded appealing . 
 my heart drummed in my chest as i shot a glance over my shoulder . 
 only trees and snow . 
 i turned back around , only to end up slamming straight into alex. my forehead banged against his shoulder , and a fire ignited under my skin . 
 i gasped , backing away from him . 
 holding his hands out in front of him , he cautiously stepped away from me . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 i nodded , rubbing my forehead . 
 `` sorry . 
 i was n't watching were i was going . '' 
 `` yeah , i got that . '' 
 he nodded at the trees behind me . 
 `` what were you looking at back there ? '' 
 `` nothing . '' 
 my voice squeaked a little . 
 `` i just thought i heard something , but it was nothing . '' 
 he eyed me over carefully , then apparently satisfied by my answer , spread his hands out to the side of him . 
 `` well , this is it . '' 
 `` huh ? '' 
 i stared at him blankly . 
 `` this is what ? '' 
 `` this is what i wanted to show you . '' 
 funny , but my near panic attack had made me forgot why we 'd came up here in the first place . 
 `` okay ... '' i glimpsed at all of the trees and snow around us . 
 what was so special about this particular spot ? 
 it looked just like every other spot . 
 `` it 's ... nice , i guess . '' 
 he laughed a genuine , heartfelt laugh . 
 the kind of laugh that made his green eyes light up . 
 `` gemma , this right here , '' he pointed to a spot on the ground in front of him , `` is what i wanted to show you . '' 
 for a brief second , i got lost in the way he 'd said my name in a normal , anti-hating voice . 
 but i quickly forgot all about it when i caught a glimpse of what he was pointing at . 
 in the middle the crisp white snow , right between our feet , a small spot of dirt showed through like the snow had instantaneously melted away after it had landed there . 
 and the dirt was n't brown , but black and ashy . 
 i looked back up and found alex watching me with curious eyes . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` why are you looking at me like that ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` no reason . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 whatever . 
 `` so what is it , '' i asked , pointing at the ashy spot . 
 `` well ... '' he tapped his finger on his lips . 
 `` see , there 's this legend that about twenty years ago , a star had fallen from the sky and landed right here . '' 
 he pointed to the strange spot . 
 `` and i 'm not just talking about a meteorite , but an actual star . '' 
 i frowned . 
 he was joking . 
 he had to be . 
 `` if a real star hit the earth then you and i would n't be standing here , talking . '' 
 `` now that 's where you 're wrong , '' he said simply . 
 `` it was n't a whole star that fell , but a small piece that broke loose when the star began to spin too quickly . 
 and when the piece hit this spot , the snow has never been able to stay here . 
 it 's like the heat of the star is still trapped there , and it melts the snow away . '' 
 `` i 've never heard of anything like that , '' i told him . 
 `` are you sure you 're not just trying to ... '' `` trying to what ? '' 
 i sighed . 
 `` pull one over on me . '' 
 he grinned . 
 `` now why would i do something like that ? '' 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 `` i think the real question is why would n't you do something like that ? '' 
 he deliberated this . 
 `` yeah , i can see where you 're coming from . 
 but i 'm not . '' 
 we both stood there for a moment , staring at one another , my blood boiling from the electric heat . 
 `` so if this actually did happen , then why have n't i heard of it before ? '' 
 i asked , breaking the silence . 
 `` because hardly anyone knows about it . '' 
 he paused , before adding , `` even some mediocre high school astronomy teacher . '' 
 `` mr. sterling is n't that bad , '' i said . 
 `` and he knows a lot about astronomy . '' 
 he lifted an eyebrow . 
 `` he is n't that bad ? 
 was n't he was the one who put you and i together in a group ? '' 
 that stung . 
 `` yeah ... but ... '' i had no idea what to say . 
 `` relax . '' 
 he cracked a smile . 
 `` i 'm just kidding . '' 
 i tucked my hands up into the sleeves of my coat . 
 `` kidding about the star or mr. sterling ? '' 
 his smile broadened . 
 `` mr. sterling . '' 
 as much as i was glad to hear that , i still was n't feeling too ecstatic about the idea that he was still trying to convince me that an actual piece of a star had fallen . 
 the idea was absurd . 
 a real piece of a star-i 'd never heard of anything so insane . 
 okay , i take that back . 
 i guess i had . 
 but still ... `` so , why is it that people do n't know about this fallen star ? '' 
 i asked , making air quotes . 
 `` well , for starters , the piece was only about the size of a baseball . '' 
 he hesitated , shifting his weight to the side . 
 `` and ... well supposedly , there was this secret group who came and collected it before anyone could discover it had fallen . '' 
 i stared at him like he was crazy . 
 and , who knew , maybe he was . 
 `` you think i 'm lying . '' 
 he crossed his arms and leaned in toward me . 
 my heart reacted with a jolt that nearly knocked the breath out of me . 
 `` but i 'm not . '' 
 i had to catch my breath before i spoke . 
 `` how am i supposed to know whether you 're lying or not ? 
 i do n't know you at all . 
 i mean for all i know , you could be the world 's greatest liar . '' 
 he pressed his lips together , pausing before he said , `` yeah , you 're right . 
 you do n't know me . 
 but taking you out here was me trying to let you get to know me . '' 
 he moved in closer to me , and i could feel the warmth of his breath on my face . 
 `` but you 're not making it very easy on me . '' 
 `` i. . . '' 
 my mind clouded , and it was n't until he moved away from me that i could think clearly and process words again . 
 `` so what you 're saying is there 's a group that took the fallen star ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` that 's what i 'm saying . '' 
 `` so who is this group ? '' 
 `` now that 's a secret i ca n't tell you . '' 
 i sighed . 
 i was so confused . 
 confused about why he 'd brought me up here . 
 about why he was telling me this . 
 about everything really . 
 `` so , what happens if i touch the spot ? '' 
 `` why do n't you try it and find out . '' 
 i stared apprehensively at the ashy spot . 
 there was something off about it . 
 the color , the charcoal texture , the way the snow did n't cover it . 
 `` do n't worry , '' alex said , `` i 'm pretty sure you wo n't start on fire or anything . '' 
 `` pretty sure , '' i muttered . 
 well , that was reassuring . 
 i took a deep breath and bent down , letting my fingers brush up against the spot . 
 it did n't feel hot or anything . 
 not even warm . 
 but there was something off about it . 
 something different , but i could n't quite put my finger on what it was . 
 it almost felt sparkly ... or maybe it was more electric . 
 `` feel anything ? '' 
 alex asked . 
 `` not really . '' 
 i let the tips of my fingers rest against the spot for a few seconds longer , then pulled my hand away and stood up . 
 `` it 's not even warm . '' 
 `` huh ... '' he furrowed his eyebrows as he studying me over . 
 my pulse sped up like a bolt of lightning had shot out from the sky and zapped me in the chest . 
 you 'd think after a couple of weeks of feeling it , i 'd have gotten use to it . 
 you 'd think , being the key words . 
 but that was n't the case . 
 in fact , i could still barely remember how to breathe whenever i felt it . 
 the wind started to pick up again , twirling flakes of snow around in the air like pixie dust . 
 the sky had become shaded with clouds . 
 sundown was nearing , and it looked as if a storm might be moving in . 
 `` well , '' alex ran his fingers through his hair , `` we should probably get going before it gets dark . '' 
 `` sounds like a good idea , '' i agreed . 
 i 'd been so swept up in alex 's story about the star that i 'd temporarily pushed the yellow-eyed death monsters out of my mind . 
 but when we started the walk back to the car , and the silence set in , my mind raced back to the what-if 's . 
 what if the monsters were hiding out there ? 
 what if they were real ? 
 what if they showed up and tried to kill me ? 
 what if they ... well , you get the picture . 
 so , needless to say , i was beyond thankful when we made it safely back inside the car . 
 it was then that i silently vowed to myself that i would never go up into the mountains again , unless it was absolutely necessary , which i could never see it being . 
 by the time alex was turning the camaro onto the main road , dark had settled in . 
 the glow of the headlights glistened against the icy roads as we inched nearer to town . 
 alex and i had n't spoken a word to each other since we 'd headed back to the car , and i was still confused why he 'd brought me up to the mountains in the first place . 
 to tell me about the fallen star ? 
 it seemed like a really strange reason . 
 `` so , '' he dimmed the headlights for a suv passing by in the opposite direction , `` you live with your grandparents ? '' 
 `` huh ? '' 
 it had been quiet for so long that his voice startled me . 
 `` yeah , i do . 
 but how did you know that ? 
 he shrugged . 
 `` and you like to be by yourself a lot , too , i 've noticed . '' 
 `` i guess . '' 
 like always , i was confused . 
 `` what 's with the analysis ? '' 
 `` i 'm just curious ... about you . '' 
 he gave me a sideways glance . 
 `` i find you fascinating . '' 
 `` fascinating ? '' 
 i gave him a doubtful look . 
 `` i highly doubt that . 
 i think the word you 're looking for is annoying . '' 
 he chuckled softly , shaking his head . 
 `` i already told you , i 'm just a moody person . '' 
 `` you can say that again . '' 
 i paused , realizing it was kind of a bitchy thing to say . 
 i made what i hoped looked like an apologetic face . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` well , that 's a cute side of you . '' 
 i chewed on my lip , replaying his words . 
 cute ? 
 had he meant it as a compliment ? 
 or had he meant it as an insult ? 
 i was guessing the latter . 
 suddenly the radio , which had been playing quietly in the background , cut out and static screeched through speakers . 
 the sound was like nails on a chalkboard , and i threw my hands over my ears . 
 alex hurried and turned the volume down . 
 he pointed to the visor above my head . 
 `` grab one of those cd 's and put it in , would you ? '' 
 i lowered my hands from my ears and flipped the visor down . 
 oh . 
 my . 
 word . 
 i was in heaven . 
 okay , so let me explain why . 
 i 'd developed a huge obsession with music over the last couple of months . 
 an obsession that had played a bit of a part in the whole marco and sophia vs. gemma showdown because , apparently , blasting music was a very rude thing to do . 
 at least that 's what sophia had told me . 
 she 'd also threatened to take my computer away if i did n't stop listening to music . 
 but i loved music way too much to quit listening to it completely . 
 i was in love with the lyrics , the rhythm , and the way it could sweep me away to another world . 
 so late at night , when sophia and marco were sleeping , i 'd put my headphones in , listen , and relax . 
 what was exciting here was that alex had great selection . 
 chevelle , hawthorne heights , dashboard confessional , they were all such great bands . 
 i decided on rise against and slid it into the cd player . 
 five seconds later , the intro popped on . 
 `` you like rise against ? '' 
 he sounded somewhat shocked . 
 `` yeah ... '' what was with all the weird questions ? 
 `` why do you sound so surprised ? '' 
 `` i just had n't pegged that about you . '' 
 `` pegged what about me ? 
 that i would n't like music ? 
 or that i would n't listen to rise against ? '' 
 he pressed the skip button , skipping the cd to the next song . 
 `` that you 'd be the kind of person who likes listening to music . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 i felt my skin warm . 
 and it was not from the electricity . 
 nope , i was getting pissed . 
 `` what kind of person would i have to be to like listening to music ? '' 
 he frowned . 
 `` gemma , i 'm not trying to insult you ? 
 i 'm just trying to get to know you better . 
 that 's all . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 i was n't sure if he was telling the truth or not . 
 he sounded like he was , though . 
 `` well , i like music , especially the soul speaking kind . '' 
 his expression fell into a look of horror . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 i asked . 
 had i said something offensive ? 
 after all , i was a bit of a newbie at the whole socializing thing , but he was saying a lot of strange stuff to so ... i do n't know . 
 `` it 's nothing . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 his smile returned , but it looked forced . 
 he fiddled with the heater , turning it up full blast . 
 then he cranked up the volume of the music so loud the windows vibrated . 
 i took it as a very unsubtle hint that our conversation was over , so i stopped talking . 
 neither one of us made so much as peep until he 'd pulled back into the school parking lot and parked his camaro next to my mirage , which was now covered in a thin layer of snow . 
 he turned the volume down and said in polite tone , `` thanks for taking a break with me . '' 
 matching his polite tone , i replied , `` well , thanks for the break . '' 
 `` yep , no problem . '' 
 i opened the door and climbed out into the cold night . 
 the parking lot was empty , except for my car and his . 
 there was only a single lamppost that actually worked , so it was basically dark . 
 i went to shut the door , but heard alex say my name and paused . 
 `` sweet dreams , '' he said , in a soft voice that made goose bumps sprout up on my skin . 
 i smiled at him as i closed the door . 
 then i jumped in my car and let it warm up just long enough for the ice to melt away from the windshield . 
 to my surprise , alex waited for me leave before he did . 
 he followed me out of the school parking lot , staying closely behind me until i made a right turn onto main street . 
 there he turned left , his headlights disappearing and taking my sense of comfort right along with them . 
 all the lights at my two-story red brick home were off when i pulled into the driveway . 
 it was only a little after seven , too early for marco and sophia to be in bed . 
 they must have gone out for dinner or something . 
 i locked the back door behind me and stumbled around in the dark until i found the light switch and flipped it on . 
 i grabbed a coke and an apple from the fridge and headed upstairs to my room , debating whether or not to do my homework . 
 my brain was distracted by the weird day i 'd had . 
 the weird day i 'd spent with alex. my day with alex. holy freaking cow . 
 a light suddenly flipped on behind me . 
 `` and where have you been ? '' 
 i whirled around , almost dropping the can of coke . 
 sophia was standing at the bottom of the stairs with her hands on her hips . 
 she had a fluffy pink robe on , and her auburn hair was curled up in rollers . 
 i guessed i 'd been wrong when i assumed she 'd gone out . 
 but what had she been doing ; waiting around in the dark for me to show up ? 
 so weird . 
 `` i was out with ... a friend , '' i told her , knowing how unnatural the word `` friend '' sounded coming out of my mouth . 
 she narrowed her eyes . 
 `` you do n't have any friends . '' 
 `` yes , i do , '' i protested . 
 `` sort of . '' 
 `` if that 's the case , then why have n't i seen any of these friends ? '' 
 `` maybe because i do n't want to bring them over here , '' i snapped hotly . 
 a strand of her hair unwound from a roller and landed in her face with a bounce . 
 `` what 's wrong with over here ? '' 
 i gave an exhausted sigh . 
 `` nothing 's wrong with here . 
 i do n't know why you care about any of this anyway . '' 
 her eyes widened . 
 `` i do n't . '' 
 she pushed past me and marched up the stairs , calling over her shoulder , `` in fact , i do n't care what you do at all . '' 
 i 'm not going to lie . 
 her words hurt me like a knife to the heart . 
 i mean , i 'd always assumed she 'd never liked me that much , but now that she put it out there ... i felt like i might cry . 
 they did n't care about me . 
 no one did . 
 tears stung at my eyes . 
 breath , i commanded myself . 
 you will not cry . 
 i sucked back the tears and dragged my butt up to my room , where i changed into my pajamas and crawled into the welcoming warmth of my bed . 
 it was early , but i was exhausted . 
 outside my window , the clouds had parted . 
 the moon smoldered against the blackness of the sky , the stars twinkling harmoniously around it . 
 i felt that same strange pull that i always did whenever i looked up at the night sky . 
 it made me feel like i belonged up there , shining with the stars . 
 sometimes it felt like it was the only place i did belong . 
 chapter 8 i had this feeling that maybe , just maybe , school was going to be different today . 
 okay , so perhaps i was being a little overly hopeful here , but i was still crossing my fingers that the tension between alex and i would lessen now that we 'd had our semi-bonding moment . 
 of course , i had n't forgotten the crazy story he 'd told me about the fallen star . 
 last night , i 'd even dreamt about it . 
 in the dream , i was the star falling fiercely from the sky . 
 when i woke up , i still felt like i was falling . 
 honestly , i did n't mind the dream , and the break it had given me from my repetitious nightmare-it was nice to take a break from dying . 
 and since the little parking lot incident , i had n't seen any sign of the glowing yellow eyes roaming around in the real world , so that was an added bonus . 
 i 'd also decided to push sophia 's harsh and hurtful comments out of my mind . 
 i was going to have a good day today . 
 a good , worry-free day . 
 at least i hoped . 
 my morning went by pretty okay . 
 nothing too traumatic happened . 
 i did have a bit of a concentration problem , but no one seemed to notice . 
 and when astronomy class rolled around , i felt myself getting excited . 
 the feeling was new to me and , i 'll admit , kind of a fun one . 
 i took a seat at my table , feeling restless for alex to show up so i could see how he was going to treat me . 
 but when the bell rang , alex and ailsin were still a no show . 
 and my heart sank . 
 their empty chairs were a painful reminder of the old days when i sat all by my little lonesome . 
 as bad as things had been between alex and me , i still felt a small ping of longing for the chairs to be filled . 
 `` alright everyone . '' 
 mr. sterling walked up behind his podium , balancing a stack of papers and folders in his hands . 
 `` open your books to page fifty-eight while i take role . '' 
 i sighed and opened my book . 
 `` worried i was n't going to show ? '' 
 my heart just about leapt out of my throat , and my body did this weird , excited spasm thing , causing my elbow to knock my pen on the floor . 
 i scooped it up as alex took a seat , pulling the hood of his jacket off of his head . 
 `` no worried , '' i said . 
 great . 
 not only was i socially incompetent , but now my speech was becoming impaired . 
 deciding it might be best to keep my mouth shut , i fixed my eyes on my book . 
 he laughed to himself as he flipped through the pages of his book . 
 `` that sounded convincing . '' 
 i tried again . 
 `` i was n't worried . '' 
 the pitch of my voice was a little high , but at least i got all the words out this time . 
 he laughed again and gently tousling his fingers through his hair . 
 `` okay , if you say so . '' 
 i opened my mouth to argue that he was wrong , but mr. sterling cut me off by starting his discussion . 
 after mr. sterling had finished talking , he took the class to the library for some project time . 
 however , this time he stuck around to keep an eye on everyone . 
 i guess yesterday he 'd busted a few of the people that had cut out early . 
 fortunately , alex and i were n't one of them . 
 alex and i selected a table near the back corner to set our things on . 
 during our walk over , he 'd informed me that aislin was still sick so it was just going to be him and me . 
 `` so which should we work on first ? '' 
 he asked , dropping his bag onto the table . 
 `` the map or the report ? '' 
 `` um ... since we do n't have any of the supplies for the map , '' i slid my messenger off of my shoulder and hung it on the back of a chair , `` i do n't think there 's anything else we can do except work on the report . '' 
 `` do we even know what we 're doing it on ? '' 
 `` no , but looking through some books might help us come up with something . '' 
 he held back a smile . 
 `` well that and the internet . '' 
 i glanced over at the computer station , which was crammed with people . 
 `` how about you go over to the computers , and i 'll go pick out some books . '' 
 `` sounds good to me . '' 
 he headed off for the computer station . 
 i turned for the bookshelves . 
 as i passed by the new release section , i could n't help but stop and skim over what was there . 
 nothing was too catchy , except for one with a dark purple star on the cover . 
 it made me think of the fallen star story alex had told me about yesterday . 
 out of sheer curiosity , i decided to read the back to see what it was about . 
 halfway through , electricity shockwaved up my spine and i just about dropped the book . 
 `` that does n't look like it would be very helpful for our project . '' 
 alex came up to the side of me and leaned against the shelf . 
 i held up the book , showing him the cover `` hey , it has a star on the cover . '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` so it does . '' 
 `` i thought you were going to look stuff up on the internet ? '' 
 i asked him . 
 `` yeah , i was until i realized there really is n't any point of us splitting up since we have n't chosen our topic yet . '' 
 `` oh yeah , good point . '' 
 he flicked the book i was holding with his finger . 
 `` so what 's it about . '' 
 i glanced down at the book , then back at him . 
 `` from what i read off of the back , i think it has something to do with witches . '' 
 for some reason , this seemed to entertain him . 
 `` witches huh ? 
 you really do have a thing for the supernatural , do n't you ? '' 
 i put the book back on the shelf . 
 `` i guess you could say that ... '' i was so confused . 
 `` but how do you know that ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` whenever i see you reading , it seems like the book is a science fiction one . '' 
 i gave him a funny look . 
 `` have you been watching me ? '' 
 i thought i detected a flicker of panic on his face , but it disappeared before i could be absolutely sure . 
 `` i would n't exactly call it watching you ... '' he dragged his finger across his lip and sauntered past me , tracing the tips of his fingers across the base of my back . 
 it sent an eruption of sparks surging through me . 
 `` more like ... observing you . '' 
 it was the first time he 'd touched me on purpose , and it almost seemed like he 'd done it to distract me . 
 i tried not to flinch at the sparks firecrackering all over my body , causing my blood to sing and my heart to pound . 
 for a moment , i thought i might faint . 
 alex watched me very closely , as if waiting for me to react to his touch . 
 it was like he thought i was going to freak out or something . 
 i very easily could have too . 
 but i fought hard and managed to keep my cool . 
 at least on the outside anyway . 
 a gap of silence passed by . 
 the sounds of clicking computer keys and soft chatter trailed through the air . 
 beneath the lights , alex 's green eyes shined like glass . 
 it was amazing how staring into his eyes could make me feel like i was losing myself . 
 if it would n't have been for a guy-whose name i think is jason-scooting past us , i 'm fairly certain we may have stood there forever , just staring at each other . 
 but the jason guy ruined the moment . 
 alex sighed , seeming disappointed , and motioned me to follow him as he headed back toward the astronomy section . 
 we did n't speak to each other as we searched through the titles of books . 
 i found one on the milky way that sounded interesting and sat down on the floor . 
 `` so do you want to know what i think is funny . '' 
 alex flopped down on the floor next to me without a book . 
 `` that we chose our project based on what would be the quickest and easiest , yet i think out of the entire class , we 've probably gotten the least accomplished . '' 
 i skimmed the list of titles in the index . 
 `` that might be because we skipped out yesterday . '' 
 `` yeah ... maybe . '' 
 he paused . 
 `` so what is it ? '' 
 i looked up at him , perplexed . 
 `` so what is what ? '' 
 `` your fascination with astronomy . '' 
 he leaned against the shelf behind him , creating a domino effect with a row of books . 
 `` i mean , you 've got to have some kind of interest in it since you chose to take this class . '' 
 `` i guess . '' 
 i closed the milky way book . 
 `` well , what 's your fascination with it ? '' 
 he smiled a smile that lit up his whole face . 
 `` an easy a. '' i rolled my eyes and exchanged the milky way book for one that said it was about planet locations . 
 as i turned back around , i spotted a blond girl bouncing her way up the aisle toward us . 
 it was kelsey merritt . 
 great . 
 i was sooo not in the mood to deal with her right now . 
 she wore a short pleated skirt and a pink sweater . 
 she stopped just short of us , her gaze wandering between alex and me like she was trying to make some kind of connection as to why we 'd be sitting here alone together . 
 i could n't really blame her , though . 
 i probably would have been trying to make the connection too . 
 she shot me a dirty look before flashing a smile at alex. `` hey , mind if i get back in there , '' she asked , pointing her perfectly manicured finger at the row of books between alex and me . 
 `` i need to get a book . '' 
 `` sure . '' 
 alex scooted closer to me so that we were almost touching . 
 `` go ahead . '' 
 of course kelsey took it upon herself to invade alex 's personal space , kneeling down so close to him that her arm was practically resting on his leg . 
 he moved over more , his shoulder pressing into mine . 
 i froze , knowing i should probably slide over and give him some room , but i could n't seem to find the motivation to do so . 
 instead , i sat there , my body humming . 
 beside me , i could feel alex stiffen , but he did n't move away . 
 i felt his eyes on me , watching me . 
 i turned my head slowly toward him , and our eyes met . 
 what happened next , i could n't tell you ? 
 my mind tuned out and did n't come back into focus until i heard kelsey 's very loud and obnoxious voice-didn ' t she know this was a library ? 
 `` so what do you think ? '' 
 she asked . 
 alex and i blinked simultaneously liked we 'd both just come out of the same dream . 
 very reluctantly , he looked over at kelsey . 
 `` huh ? '' 
 taken aback by alex 's irritated tone , kelsey eyes went wide . 
 `` about the project , '' she said , fumbling to pull a book off of the shelf . 
 alex raised his eyebrows at her . 
 `` what about it ? '' 
 now she looked extremely upset , probably because it was the first time she 'd been blown off by a guy . 
 `` that it 's such a waste of time . '' 
 alex shrugged . 
 `` it 's not that bad . '' 
 kelsey tossed her hair off of her shoulder . 
 `` yeah , i guess it 's not that bad . 
 but do n't you think it would 've been better if we could have chosen the people we worked on it with . '' 
 she shot a smirk at me . 
 i glared at her . 
 `` not really , '' alex said dully . 
 `` oh . 
 well . 
 yeah . 
 i guess . '' 
 she tucked a book beneath arm , got to her feet , and fixed me with another dirty look . 
 i do n't know if it was the electricity , or alex 's shoulder still pressed up against mine , but i suddenly felt possessed to put her in her place . 
 `` what the heck is your problem ? '' 
 i threw her off a little , a beat of silence skipping by before she found something to say back . 
 `` you 're my problem , '' she said and stormed off , her hair swinging across her back . 
 i smiled at myself . 
 yeah , i know , i am supposed to rise above it and be better than her , blah , blah , blah . 
 but i 'd been putting up with her crap for way too long . 
 `` that was a little out of character for you , '' alex commented , sliding away from me . 
 the space made me feel empty inside . 
 `` i think it was about time , though . '' 
 `` was it ? '' 
 he mumbled to himself . 
 he could be so weird sometimes . 
 `` so you never answered my question , '' he said , selecting a random book off of the shelf . 
 `` what question ? '' 
 `` what your fascination with astronomy is ? '' 
 `` oh , that . '' 
 i fiddled with the edges of the pages of the book i was holding . 
 i was n't sure if i felt comfortable sharing the reason with him . 
 it was kind of personal , especially because it was connected so closely to the prickle . 
 the first time i 'd ever been truly happy was when i 'd looked up at the stars . 
 but if i told him that , i might come off sounding a little strange . 
 `` well , i guess it 's because the stars are so peaceful and mysterious and beautiful . '' 
 i met his eyes , which made me lose my train of thought and i ended up babbling . 
 `` sometimes i wish i could be up there in the sky with them . '' 
 his face dropped in horror , and i instantly regretted what i 'd said . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` did i say something ... '' weird . 
 he shoved the book he had in his hand back on the shelf and stood up . 
 `` i think i. . . 
 i left my phone in my bag . '' 
 then he practically sprinted off toward the table area . 
 i swallowed hard . 
 i never should 've opened my mouth . 
 i really , really should n't have . 
 i hung out in the astronomy section by myself until the bell rang . 
 then i went over to the table , carrying a few books i 'd randomly pulled off of the shelf . 
 to my surprise , alex was there . 
 i thought he 'd left , but there he was , his phone pressed to his ear . 
 `` yes . 
 uh huh . 
 i will , '' he said . 
 seeing me , he quickly added , `` i have to go . '' 
 he hung up and shoved his phone into the pocket of his jeans . 
 `` so how much longer do you think it 's going to take for us to get this assignment finished ? '' 
 i set my books down on the table and shrugged , slightly irked by his brush off attitude . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 like you said , we really have n't gotten much done . '' 
 `` no we have n't . '' 
 he slipped on his jacket and zipped it up . 
 `` okay , so here 's what i 'm thinking . 
 maybe i should come over to your house after school so we can try to finish it up . '' 
 huh ? 
 `` you want to come over to my house ? '' 
 he wanted to come over to my house . 
 my house . 
 i 'd never had anyone over at my house . 
 ever . 
 especially some gorgeous guy who had the gift of making my mind go blank just by looking at me . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 he spoke slowly , like i was slow , which he probably thought i was . 
 `` is there something wrong with your house ? '' 
 `` no , '' i said , which was sort of a lie . 
 there was something wrong with my house . 
 for starters , sophia was there . 
 `` it 's just that right now my grandmother and i are going through a. . . 
 weird phase . '' 
 weird phase ? 
 i sounded like an idiot . 
 he cocked an eyebrow , seeming amused . 
 `` what kind of phase ? '' 
 what kind of phase ? 
 what would be the best way to explain it to him ? 
 tell him that everything was ... strange . 
 that sophia and marco could n't stand me . 
 that we ... `` a yelling one . '' 
 i decided . 
 it was too complicated to even try . 
 he laughed . 
 `` so is that a yes or no ? '' 
 i sighed . 
 `` i guess it 's a yes . '' 
 i wrote my address down on a piece of paper and gave it to him . 
 he told me that he 'd come over around 4:30 . 
 then he left to go to lunch . 
 as i watched him walk out , i felt more alone than i ever had . 
 i took my lunch out of my bag and headed back toward my usual loner spot , desperately wishing that i was n't . 
 chapter 9 marco and sophia were n't there when i got home . 
 i was so glad . 
 if i was really lucky then maybe they would n't show up until after alex had left . 
 i cleaned up my room a little while i waited for 4:30 to roll around . 
 i also had a temporary loss of sanity where i played around with the idea of changing into something different . 
 i was wearing jeans and a black tee , and they suddenly seemed so plain . 
 but then i realized , who was i trying to kid ? 
 it would n't change anything . 
 i 'd still be socially incompetent , weirdo gemma with the freaky violet eyes . 
 and besides , i did n't even own anything other than t-shirts and jeans i turned on some music and started on the essay to pass the time . 
 i marked some pages with a highlighter and jaunted down a few notes . 
 i 'd made some real progress by the time i heard the door bell ring . 
 i trotted down the stairs and opened the front door . 
 alex stood on the porch , the hood of his jacket pulled over his head as snowflakes drifted down on top of it . 
 `` hi . '' 
 i opened up the screen door and let him in . 
 he stepped into the foyer , rubbing his hands together to warm them up as he glanced around at everything . 
 there was n't much to look at , though ; a small table with a few framed pictures of marco and sophia on it , and a large painting of a castle by a lake . 
 `` so this is where you live , '' he remarked . 
 `` yep , this is where i live . '' 
 i did n't mean to sound so unenthusiastic , but i did . 
 `` my rooms upstairs and i figured we could go up there and work on the assignment . '' 
 `` in your room ? '' 
 he squirmed around uncomfortably , which i thought was odd . 
 then again , a lot of things he did were odd . 
 i gave him a strange look . 
 `` if you want , we could work on it at the kitchen table . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` no , your room 's fine . '' 
 i raised my eyebrows . 
 okay . 
 whatever . 
 i gestured for him to follow me as i head up the stairs . 
 my bedroom was very plain , particularly for a teenage girl 's room . 
 i could only imagine what someone like say kelsey merritt 's room looked like . 
 or what aislin 's looked like . 
 there was probably a lot of pink , and a lot of photos hanging up on the walls . 
 there was nothing on my walls . 
 i had no rugs to cover up the boring off-white carpet . 
 the only thing that gave it any character at all was a bookshelf in the corner that held my cd 's and books . 
 `` so what should we do first ? '' 
 i asked as alex glanced around at my stuff . 
 i suddenly felt uncomfortable being up in my room alone with him . 
 he traced his fingers along the titles of my cd 's . 
 `` should we get the report out of the way first ? '' 
 `` yeah , we could do that . 
 but i 've already got a lot of it done . '' 
 he turned and gaped at me . 
 `` you already started on it . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` i worked on it while i was waiting for you to get here . 
 i found a few good ideas and started putting stuff together . 
 really , there 's not too much left to do . '' 
 he mulled over what i said for longer than what seemed necessary . 
 `` you know , it does n't seem fair for you to do most of the work on the report , and to also have to help put the map together . '' 
 `` i do n't mind , '' i told him . 
 and i was n't lying either . 
 i really did n't mind . 
 it was n't like i had anything better to do . 
 plus , i loved astronomy . 
 he tapped his finger on his bottom lip . 
 `` no , it 's not right . 
 i think i 'll just work on the map at home . 
 that way i can make aislin help . '' 
 assuming he was hinting that he wanted to leave , i said , `` okay , if that 's what you want to do then its fine by me . '' 
 it did n't feel fine , though . 
 the thought of him leaving made my stomach kind of queasy . 
 `` so ... what do you want to do now , then ? '' 
 he asked me . 
 `` huh ? '' 
 had i misunderstood him ? 
 `` what ? 
 are you staying ? '' 
 `` i was planning on it . '' 
 he cocked an eyebrow . 
 `` that is unless you do n't want me to . '' 
 me heart had already been pounding because of the whole him-being-in-my-room thing , but now it was in supercharge mode , hammering so viciously that it was making me lightheaded . 
 but not wanting to let on that my heart was reacting so excitedly , i kept cool and gave a half-hearted shrug . 
 `` no , you can stay if you want . '' 
 he pressed his lips together , stifling a smile . 
 `` sure . 
 i do n't have anywhere else to be . '' 
 what was with him and finding me humorous when i was n't trying to be ? 
 he shucked off his jacket and slung it on the back of my computer chair . 
 then he pushed up the sleeves of his shirt and sat down backwards in the chair so that he was facing me . 
 i shoved my books out of the way and sat down on my bed . 
 the music was still playing from when i 'd been working on the report - `` ohio for lovers '' by hawthorne heights . 
 the slow rhythm of the guitar overtook the silence as i struggled to come up with something to say . 
 being a lifetime loner , i was completely clueless on how to strike up a conversation . 
 sure , alex and i had spent some alone time together . 
 but sitting here in my room with him felt different somehow , and i could n't seem to find any words to say to him . 
 perhaps it was because we were in my room . 
 alone . 
 `` so ... '' he finally said , breaking the silence , which was good because , waiting for me to speak first , we might have sat here forever . 
 he rested his arms on the back of the chair and swayed it gently from side to side , `` i know i 've only been around you for a week or so , but it seems like you spend a heck of a lot of time by yourself . '' 
 `` i guess so , '' i said . 
 `` i did n't mean that in a bad way or anything , '' he quickly added . 
 `` i was just stating an observation ... wondering why ? '' 
 `` wondering why i what ? 
 why i spend my time alone ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` i 'm just curious . '' 
 `` i do n't know ... '' i trailed off . 
 honestly , i did n't have an answer to give him . 
 at least not one i could share without seeming like i belonged in a straitjacket . 
 i picked at a loose string sticking up from my comforter . 
 `` it 's just how i 've always been , i guess . '' 
 `` and it does n't bother you being by yourself all the time ? '' 
 i shrugged , staring at the floor . 
 `` not really . 
 well , maybe lately it has a little . '' 
 the room quieted except for the low hum of the music . 
 i heard the chair squeaked , and the next thing i knew , alex was climbing off the chair and walking toward me . 
 his hands were in his pockets , and the lack of uncertainty he carried looked out of place on him . 
 when he reached my bed , he slid the pile of books out of the way and sat down beside me . 
 we were sitting so close to one another that the only thing between our knees was a whisper of air . 
 my head started buzzing as every single one of my nerves sparkled with electricity . 
 i became hyperaware that alex was sitting next to me on my bed . 
 holy crap . 
 never in a million years would i have thought that would ever happen . 
 `` what do you think the sudden change came from ? '' 
 he asked , continuing our conversation right where we 'd left off . 
 i had to mentally prepare myself before i spoke , otherwise i would have stammered like an idiot . 
 `` i 'm not sure . '' 
 `` so what ? 
 you just basically woke up one day and decided you wanted to have friends ? '' 
 yeah ... there was no way i was going to tell him the real reason-that part of the sudden change stemmed from his arrival . 
 `` i know it 's weird , is n't it ? '' 
 `` not necessarily weird , but it is kind of interesting , '' he said . 
 `` but i find you interesting all together . '' 
 i traced the circular pattern of the comforter with my finger , feeling extremely uncomfortable with so much of his attention fixed on me . 
 `` trust me , there 's nothing interesting about me . '' 
 i was kind of lying , i guess , if by interesting , he meant the stick-you-under-a-microscope-and-study-you kind of interesting . 
 `` i think there is . '' 
 he paused , casting a brief glance at my computer as the song switched . 
 `` i mean for one thing , i find it interesting how long you put up with me being a complete jerk . 
 not a lot of people would 've done that without getting mad and telling me off . '' 
 `` oh trust me , i got mad . '' 
 `` is that what you call it ? '' 
 he teased . 
 `` hey , '' i said defensively . 
 `` need i remind you that you 're the one who said i have a temper on me ? '' 
 `` yeah , but it 's more entertaining than anything else . '' 
 i crossed my arms and stared him down , trying to look as tuff as i could . 
 `` oh really . '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` yeah really . '' 
 i sighed and dropped my arms onto my lap . 
 i guess acting tuff was n't my forte . 
 a funny looked passed across his face , and then suddenly he was leaning in toward me . 
 `` you want to know another thing that makes you so interesting ? '' 
 his low voice sent a shiver down my spine . 
 `` that you can feel this electricity thing between us but you wo n't say anything about it . '' 
 i swear my heart actually stopped . 
 `` i-i do n't know what you 're talking about . '' 
 `` yeah , you do . '' 
 he leaned in closer to me . 
 if he did it again , our heads would probably be touching . 
 `` you can trust me , you know . 
 you can tell me anything . '' 
 as much as i wanted to believe that was true , i did n't . 
 yes , he was being nice to me , but i had n't forgotten how he 'd treated me in the beginning . 
 or about the strange conversation i 'd overheard between him and aislin in the library . 
 he moved even closer . 
 our heads did n't touch like i thought they would , but they were close . 
 oh god , we were so close . 
 `` gemma , i promise you can trust me . '' 
 every inch of my body hummed , and my brain was getting foggy . 
 maybe i could trust him ... `` gemma ! 
 what are you doing ? '' 
 sophia 's sharp voice cut through my thoughts like a sharp knife , and it popped the tension between alex and i like a needle to a balloon . 
 i turned around and found her standing in my doorway , her hand gripped so tightly around the door knob that her knuckles were paper white . 
 i could only imagine how much this scene looked out of place to her . 
 heck , it seemed out of place to me . 
 `` umm ... this is alex , '' i told her , motioning at alex. `` we were just working on a project for school . '' 
 she narrowed her eyes at alex. `` hello alex. '' oh , my god . 
 this was so embarrassing . 
 alex seemed fine , though . 
 he held her gaze steadily , never wavering beneath the burn of sophia 's glare . 
 man , to have such confidence . 
 sophia moved her eyes on me . 
 `` it 's time for dinner so you need to wrap it up and come down and eat . '' 
 i stared confusedly at her . 
 eat dinner with them ... what the - `` since when do i eat dinner with you guys ? '' 
 she looked like she wanted to strangle me . 
 `` since now . '' 
 `` fine , '' i said , my tone clipped . 
 `` i 'll be down in a minute . '' 
 `` well , hurry up . 
 i do n't want the food to get cold . '' 
 she shot another death glare at alex , and then stormed out of the room . 
 i turned back to alex. `` i 'm so sorry . 
 she 's been kind of crazy lately . '' 
 he laughed softly . 
 `` yeah ... i bet . '' 
 he got to his feet and grabbed his jacket off the back of the chair . 
 `` well , i should probably go . 
 i 'll see you in class tomorrow , okay ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` yeah , okay . '' 
 he put his jacket on and started for the door , but stopped in the doorway and turned around . 
 it looked like he wanted to say something , but he could n't find the words . 
 finally , he just waved and walked out . 
 for a minute , i just sat there , feeling torn . 
 part of me felt relieved that he 'd left because , if he 'd stayed , i might have broken down and told him things i did n't want him to know . 
 i almost had until sophia had walked in . 
 the other part of me , though , wished he 'd stayed ; felt sad that he 'd left . 
 i let out a sigh . 
 when did life become so complicated ? 
 i got up , shut my music off , and headed downstairs for `` dinner . '' 
 like i said , we never ate dinner together , and it was weird to picture the three of us sitting around the table like a normal family . 
 in fact , i could n't even picture it . 
 it was that strange . 
 but whatever . 
 i guess i was about to find out firsthand was it was like to be part of a family . 
 halfway down the stairs , i thought i heard voices coming from the foyer . 
 i did n't think much of it at first , until i realized who the voices belonged to . 
 sophia and alex. great . 
 she 'd probably cornered him and was saying god knows what . 
 this was so freaking embarrassing . 
 i sped up down the stairs-i needed to end this quick . 
 but just before i reached the bottom , i heard something that made me slow down . 
 `` you know the rules , alex. '' sophia 's tone was razor-sharp . 
 `` so you should know better than to be getting close to her . '' 
 i stopped dead in my tracks . 
 rules ? 
 what was going on here ? 
 `` yeah , i know the rules . '' 
 the sharpness of alex 's tone matched sophia 's . 
 `` but need i remind you that stephan sent me here to get some answers from her . 
 and in order to do that , i need to get close to her . '' 
 stephan . 
 there was that name again . 
 the same one i 'd heard him mention during my eavesdropping session in the library . 
 `` that 's not what you 're doing , '' she snapped . 
 `` you 're crossing a line alex. a very , very , thin , dangerous line . '' 
 `` i think you 're forgetting that i do n't take my orders from you . '' 
 alex 's lowered his voice , and i had to lean forward on my tiptoes in order to make out what he said . 
 `` i 'll do what i need to do in order to get her to - '' i lost my balance and , being the graceful queen that i was , stumbled forward , banging my elbow into the wall , hard . 
 `` ah ! '' 
 i cried out , and then threw my hand over my mouth . 
 crap . 
 a few moments of silence ticked by . 
 had they heard me ? 
 of course they 'd heard me . 
 they were n't deaf . 
 `` gemma , '' sophia called out . 
 crap . 
 now what ? 
 rubbing my elbow , i slowly made my way down the rest of the stairs , my legs feeling like two flimsy wet noodles beneath my weight . 
 sophia was waiting for me at the bottom , hands on her hips , her eyes a fiery bright gold . 
 `` what in the world are you doing ? '' 
 she asked . 
 i pressed my lips together and looked over at alex. he was casually leaning against the front door , his arms folded across his chest . 
 he met my gaze , appearing not the slightest bit concerned . 
 but with what i 'd just heard them talking about , it seemed like he should be . 
 i turned my attention back to sophia . 
 every once in a while , when she got really , really mad , this faint bluish-purple vein would pop out on her forehead . 
 right now , i could see it bulging underneath her pale skin . 
 `` i came down to get something to eat like you told me to , '' i told her , still staring at the vein . 
 it reminded me of a gross , bluish-purple worm . 
 `` gemma , what on earth are you looking at ! '' 
 sophia barked . 
 i flinched and shook my head . 
 `` what 's going on here between you two ? '' 
 i asked her . 
 `` and why were you guys talking about me like that ? '' 
 she gave me a patronizing look . 
 `` like what , gemma ? '' 
 `` like , you know . '' 
 i waved my hand in the air , trying to come up with a word to sum up what i 'd just heard . 
 problem was i was n't sure what i 'd just hear . 
 alex shifted his weight away from the door and raised his eyebrows questioningly at me . 
 what were they trying to do here ? 
 make me look like a crazy idiot ? 
 because they were doing a pretty good job of it . 
 `` look , i do n't know what you think you heard , '' sophia said , her tone tolerant . 
 `` but we were n't talking about you . 
 i know alex 's father , and i was just telling him to pass along a message for me . '' 
 my anger simmered . 
 she was such a liar . 
 `` that 's such bull . 
 you were talking about me . 
 i heard you . '' 
 she waved her finger at me furiously . 
 `` you better watch your tone young lady . 
 i mean it . '' 
 i opened my mouth to say a few choice words that i think , under the circumstances , would have been totally appropriate , but she cut me off before i could even get the first one out . 
 `` now , i do n't know why on earth you think you have the right to listen in on other people 's conversation , but you need to stop . 
 do you understand me ? '' 
 i eyed her over suspiciously . 
 was there a hidden meaning to her words ? 
 did she know what happened at the library ? 
 but if she did , who told her ? 
 i think i had a guess . 
 without another word , i pushed by her , heading for the kitchen . 
 before i disappeared through the doorway , i glanced back at alex. now he looked worried . 
 chapter 10 the next morning , i woke up with red , swollen eyes . 
 i had n't wanted to cry last night , but i 'd ended up doing it anyway . 
 i 'd cried myself to sleep . 
 now i could barely open my eyes . 
 i glanced at the clock and saw a blurry 12:10 . 
 12:10 in the afternoon ? 
 what the heck ? 
 why had n't my alarm gone off ? 
 i sat up and stretched out my arms . 
 well , so much for school . 
 but why had sophia let me sleep in ? 
 yeah , i know last night had been super intense . 
 still , letting me skip out on school ... she never let me miss school . 
 i climbed out of bed , put on a black long sleeve shirt and a pair of worn-out jeans , and pulled my hair into a messy ponytail . 
 then i went downstairs . 
 it was quiet . 
 too quiet for anyone to be home . 
 so , i was alone . 
 i was n't sure how i felt about that . 
 just to make sure , i searched the living room and the kitchen . 
 both were empty . 
 and sophia and marco 's car was n't in the driveway . 
 yep , they were definitely gone . 
 how convenient for them . 
 maybe that 's why no one had gotten me up for school . 
 perhaps they were trying to avoid me so they would n't have to answer questions about last night . 
 outside , the sky was grayed over by clouds . 
 not a single speck of sunlight trickled through , making everything dark and gloomy . 
 between the darkness and the emptiness of the house , i felt unsettled . 
 i flipped on the light and made myself a turkey sandwich . 
 i decided to eat in my room because locking myself in there seemed better than sitting out in the open , where anything from the yellow-eyed monsters to sophia and/or alex could walk in at any moment and take me by surprise . 
 sprawled out on my bed , with my music cranked , i tried to analyze what could be going on between sophia and alex. what had last night meant ? 
 they 'd said so many strange things . 
 things i was convinced had to do with me . 
 but how was i supposed to find out for sure ? 
 suddenly , out of nowhere , i had an epiphany . 
 the house was empty and i needed answers . 
 and what better way to find out answers then to snoop around a little . 
 yes , i know , snooping is very wrong , blah , blah , blah , but so is eavesdropping , which is something i 've done on more than one occasion . 
 besides , if it would n't have been for my bad habit of listening in on other peoples ' conversations , i would n't have found out that alex could feel the electricity too . 
 and that he thought i was the one that was causing it . 
 plus , i 'd found out all that other stuff . 
 -lrb- i say other stuff because i have no idea what that `` stuff '' is exactly -rrb- . 
 besides , i 'm not a firm believer in the whole ignorance is bliss motto . 
 i needed to know , even if it turned out to be something bad . 
 without any further indecisiveness , i hopped off my bed and went into marco and sophia 's room . 
 i 'd only been in their room a couple of times-and never by myself . 
 but every time , i 'd felt uncomfortable . 
 but being in here now , all alone , was way worse . 
 the place was really creeping me out . 
 it felt like i 'd stepped into a cemetery in the late hours of the night , instead of into my grandparents ' room midday . 
 although the creepy factor might have been coming from sophia 's perfectionist touch . 
 every single thing in the room was perfectly in place . 
 and almost everything matched . 
 the white four post bed matched the armoire and the nightstand . 
 the pink bedspread coordinated flawlessly with the roses on the wallpaper . 
 the bed skirt and the curtains were made of the same frilly lace . 
 there was no clutter anywhere . 
 the whole room was probably about as sterile as a hospital , which had me a bit worried . 
 if i touched something , would she be able to tell ? 
 maybe . 
 i guess i 'd just have to be careful . 
 very , very careful . 
 i decided to check the closet first because ... well , i 'm not sure why other than it seemed like just as good a spot to start with as any . 
 moments later , i ran into a problem . 
 i realized i had no clue what exactly it was i was looking for . 
 still , i did n't want to just give up . 
 so i continued to search through the massive amounts of clothes hanging up in the closet , and through the shoe boxes that were stacked on the closet floor , hoping that i 'd know what `` it '' was when i found it . 
 but when i 'd finished looking through everything , i came up empty-handed . 
 whatever i was looking for was n't in the closet . 
 i moved on to the armoire , then the night stand . 
 nothing seemed out of the ordinary , though . 
 i even checked under the bed , despite the fact that i knew i would n't find anything under it . 
 neat freaks never put things under their bed . 
 i let out a frustrated sigh . 
 i should 've known this would be a waste of time . 
 i mean what had i expected to find ? 
 a secret letter explaining what was going on . 
 yeah , right . 
 like that would ever happen . 
 nothing is ever that easy . 
 giving up , i headed to leave . 
 but i slowed to a stop when i spotted a wood bench , lined with throw pillows . 
 there was a small latch on the front of it . 
 as good of a place as any to hide something , right ? 
 i carefully removed the pillows from the bench , and then held my breath as i unlatched the lock . 
 i half expected an alarm to go off or something , but the only sound it made was from the hinges squeaking when i lifted open the lid . 
 inside were books , old photos of sophia and marco in various places , a box of pressed flowers , some ribbons and cards . 
 nothing unusual , or at least that 's what i thought until i picked up the final object-a glass swan with a bright orange beak-and noticed the floor of the bench rocked slightly . 
 setting the swan aside , i used the palm of my hand to put pressure on the board . 
 it popped up on one side , and....ta-da ! 
 a secret compartment . 
 whatever i was looking for had to be in there . 
 it just had to be . 
 i removed the board the rest of the way and found a single manila envelope hiding beneath it . 
 my hands started to sweat as i picked up the envelope . 
 this was it . 
 this was what would give me my answers . 
 i unwound the piece of string that sealed the envelope shut . 
 the very first thing i came across was the papers stating that marco and sophia had custody of me . 
 well , so much for my kidnapping theory . 
 i sifted to the next item ; a piece of blue-lined paper with my name and a list of dates written on it in red ink . 
 i recognized the flawless handwriting as sophia 's . 
 there were five dates total , all seeming random with no visible order . 
 at least from what i could tell , anyway . 
 the oldest date dated back nearly fourteen years ago , and each had a check mark next to it , except for one . 
 february 8 of this year . 
 my heart stopped . 
 i could n't breathe . 
 okay , so you 're probably wondering why i was freaking out . 
 and , trust me , i was majorly freaking out . 
 to you , i 'm sure the date seemed completely ordinary . 
 but to me it was n't . 
 it was a more significant date than even my birthday . 
 that 's because february 8th was the precise date i 'd first felt the prickle that had released my emotions . 
 i felt sick to my stomach . 
 why would sophia have written this down ? 
 and what did these other dates mean ? 
 none of them held any importance , at least as far as i knew . 
 i pressed my clammy hand to my forehead . 
 i had a headache . 
 a big , full of confusion , headache . 
 but i needed to get it together and figure out more . 
 i took a deep breath and looked at the next paper , a cream colored one with a gold border . 
 my birth certificate . 
 my fingers trembled as i read my mother 's name listed at the bottom . 
 jocelyn lucas . 
 it was the first time i 'd ever known her name , yet it felt as familiar as my own . 
 it was a beautiful name . 
 i bet she was beautiful too . 
 my stomach fluttered with excitement as i skimmed over to the line beside it-the one where my father 's name was listed . 
 or should have been listed . 
 it was blank . 
 my heart sank . 
 why would it be blank ? 
 i had to have a father . 
 what , had he not wanted me or something ? 
 no . 
 that could n't be it . 
 sophia and marco had told me that both of my parents had died in a car accident , which meant they still had to have been together-we had to have been a family , right ? 
 i was n't sure . 
 i was n't sure of anything . 
 i stared down at the blank line , trying not to cry and telling myself that everything would be okay-that i 'd figure everything out . 
 that 's when i heard the downstairs door slam shut . 
 i just about jumped out of my skin . 
 i hurried and stuffed the papers back into the folder , except the one with the list of dates on it . 
 on a sporadic impulse , i decided to shove that one in my pocket . 
 i set the envelope back into the secret compartment and placed the bottom board back on top of it . 
 i piled the rest of the stuff back inside the bench , closed the lid , and threw the pillows back on , knowing full well sophia was probably going to noticed how unorganized everything was and would know someone had been in here . 
 but oh well . 
 i 'd deal with that later . 
 right now , i had bigger problems to deal with . 
 i tiptoed over to the door and cracked it open . 
 i could hear marco and sophia voices chattering downstairs so , holding my breath , i slipped out into the hallway and padded back to my room , gently shutting my door behind me . 
 i let out a huge exhale . 
 that was close . 
 way too close . 
 but it was worth it . 
 i took the list out of my pocket and stared down at the dates . 
 what did they mean ? 
 i mean , they had to be linked to one another somehow . 
 not knowing what else to do , i started for my computer , figuring there was no harm in doing a quick search on the internet to see if anything came up . 
 but before i could even get it turned on , someone knocked on my door . 
 my muscles seized up . 
 had sophia already discovered i 'd been snooping in her room ? 
 no , there was no way . 
 `` gemma . '' 
 sophia said through the door . 
 `` are you in there ? '' 
 i stared at the door , frozen and mute , with the image of her on the other side of it , all red faced and pissed off , embedded way to clearly in my mind . 
 `` gemma ! '' 
 she yelled , banging on the door again . 
 my adrenaline soared , and i could n't seem to bring myself to move . 
 `` gemma , open this door up . 
 now ! '' 
 i shoved the list of dates back in the pocket of my jeans , reminded myself to breath , and opened the door . 
 yep . 
 there she was all red faced and pissed off . 
 `` could you move any slower ? '' 
 she asked snappishly . 
 i shrugged . 
 `` i do n't know ? 
 maybe . '' 
 her temper flared . 
 `` next time you better hurry up . '' 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 `` did you need anything else ? '' 
 she pushed past me into my room and gazed around like she was searching for something . 
 `` umm ... what are you doing ? '' 
 i asked , crossing my fingers she was n't looking for the list of dates stashed inside the pocket of my jeans , which , right now , had seemed to have taken on the weight of lead . 
 `` are you ready to go to your field trip ? '' 
 she asked , still staring around my room . 
 `` wha ... my astronomy fieldtrip ? '' 
 god , i 'd completely forgotten about that . 
 `` yes , your astronomy fieldtrip , '' she snapped impatiently . 
 `` it 's tonight , right ? '' 
 i slowly nodded . 
 `` but i think i 'm going to skip out on it . '' 
 i know i 'd really been looking forward to going to it and everything-getting the opportunity to look through a telescope was something i 'd wanted to do forever-but at the moment , it just seemed irrelevant . 
 what i wanted to do was to stay here and find out what the list of dates meant , before sophia found out it was missing . 
 anyway , i 'd skipped out on school today , and showing up at this fieldtrip would eliminate the old i-was-sick excuse . 
 `` no , you 're going , '' she ordered . 
 `` why ? '' 
 i asked , eyeing her over suspiciously . 
 `` i mean , why do you even care ? 
 you 've never cared before . 
 so what 's with the sudden interest ? '' 
 she fidgeted nervously , smoothing out invisible wrinkles on her perfectly pressed navy blue sweater . 
 `` there is no sudden interest . 
 i just want you out of this house for awhile . 
 that 's all '' ouch . 
 that stung . 
 `` fine . 
 i 'll go for a drive then . '' 
 `` no , you 're going to the fieldtrip . '' 
 `` but you just said that all you cared about was me being of the house , so what does it matter where i go just as long as i go , '' i argued . 
 `` besides , i missed school today . '' 
 `` and whose faults that ? '' 
 `` you 're the one who did n't wake me up when my alarm did n't go off . '' 
 she scowled . 
 `` you 're going . 
 end.of.discussion . '' 
 and it was , because she left . 
 bursting with anger , i kicked the door , but not hard enough to do any damage . 
 i let out a frustrated sigh . 
 she was hiding something . 
 and whatever i had to do , i was going to figure out what it was . 
 chapter 11 a half an hour later , bundled up in a heavy black coat , purple gloves and a matching beanie , i was climbing out of my mirage and onto the ice-skating-of-a-rink school parking lot . 
 it was cold and dark , and i had only one lamppost to light the way to the entrance of the school . 
 plus , no one was around . 
 needless to say , i was freaked out a little . 
 the icy air seeped through my clothes and burned coldly against my skin . 
 my breath puffed out of my mouth in a cloud of smoke . 
 i yanked my hood over my head , zipped up my coat , and picked up my pace toward the school . 
 i 'd made it about halfway when i suddenly got the shivers . 
 i 'd have chalked it up to the fact that it was as cold as death out here , but the flash of yellow i saw from my peripheral vision told me otherwise . 
 i started to jog , my eyes scanning the parking lot frantically . 
 the flash could have been from a headlight of a passing car . 
 that 's what i tried to convince myself until i caught sight of two eye-shaped yellow lights flashing wilding in a cluster of nearby trees . 
 `` oh my god , '' i breathed and jetted off in mad sprint , my adrenaline pulsating like mad . 
 the monster was back . 
 or maybe it had never left . 
 maybe it had been waiting around for the perfect moment when i 'd be wandering around in a dark parking lot by myself . 
 how could i be so stupid ? 
 i 'd been so focused on the whole alex and sophia thing when , really , what i should have been focusing on the fact that there were real-life monsters around that wanted to kill me . 
 and now my mistake had left me completely vulnerable . 
 my footsteps thudded loudly as i ran as fast as i could across the ice . 
 i heard a swoosh , and i flicked a glance over at the cluster of trees just in time to see the silhouette of an inhumanly tall figure emerging from them . 
 i ran like i 'd never run before . 
 the entrance door of the school was getting closer . 
 if i could just make it inside the school then , hopefully , there 'd be other people around , and i might be okay . 
 but as i glanced back one more time at the monstrous creature , i saw its demon eyes blazing violently beneath the hood of its cloak , and the next thing i knew , it charged for me . 
 i knew i was a goner . 
 my skin buzzed , and then i was slamming into something solid . 
 i screamed as i lost my balance and started to fall toward the ground . 
 but someone caught me by the arm . 
 i regained my footing and jerked my arm away from the persons grip . 
 you might be asking , why i was being rude to the person who had just saved me from falling flat on my butt ? 
 because i knew who this person was without even looking , and i did n't want him touching me , even if he had just saved me . 
 `` what the heck were you doing ? '' 
 alex asked , sliding the hood of his olive green coat off of his head . 
 i backed away from him , putting some space between us . 
 but not too much space since the more space there was between him and i meant the less space there was between the death creature and me . 
 `` i was ... '' i shot a panicked glance over my shoulder . 
 nothing . 
 no inhumanly tall figure . 
 no glowing yellow eyes . 
 even the dim lamppost had burnt out , the only light now coming from inside the school . 
 my legs felt wobbly and my hands were shaking . 
 `` heading into the school , '' i told him as i walked unsteadily past him . 
 `` but why were you running ? '' 
 he asked , following after me . 
 my heart was beating so hard that i almost wondered if it was trying to escape and free itself from this madness . 
 i know i wished i could . 
 i was scared . 
 more scared than i 'd ever been in my entire life . 
 `` just leave me alone . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 he matched my pace , strolling alongside of me . 
 `` not until you tell me what you were running from . '' 
 i yanked open the door and shot him an angrily look . 
 i was n't in the mood for his crap . 
 `` are you going to tell me what you were talking to sophia about ? '' 
 `` it was nothing important , '' he said indifferently . 
 i shook my head and stepped inside the warm and brightly lit hallway . 
 then i let the door go right in his face . 
 i could n't deal with him right now . 
 not when there could be monsters skulking around outside , waiting for the moment when they could finally kill me . 
 the astronomy classroom was packed with people by the time i got there . 
 some of the people i recognized from my class . 
 others i 'd never seen before . 
 hold on . 
 let me take that back . 
 i had seen them . 
 with my town 's population being a mere glitch above 1,000 , i 'd basically seen everyone who lived here . 
 i just did n't know most of their names . 
 i headed up to my table that i sat at during class . 
 aislin was already there , wearing a pink fur trimmed coat . 
 the same pink fur also trimmed her gloves and the top of her boots . 
 she kind of reminded me of a big , pink bunny . 
 i tried not to laugh . 
 i was really loosing it , was n't i ? 
 she was texting on her phone , but glanced up as i sat down . 
 `` hey gemma . '' 
 she smiled . 
 the polite thing for me to do would be to smile back . 
 or at least asked her if she was feeling better since she 'd been out sick for the last few days , but right now , polite was not in my vocabulary . 
 so i muttered a grumpy , `` hey . '' 
 then sank back in my chair and stared down at the table . 
 `` is something wrong ? '' 
 she asked . 
 i opened my mouth to say ... well , who knew what would have come out considering the mood i was in . 
 i did n't get a chance to speak , though , because alex showed up and that was that . 
 `` what took you so long ? '' 
 aislin asked him , flipping her phone shut . 
 alex 's eyes stayed glued on me as he lowered himself into the chair . 
 `` i found gemma running around lost out in the parking lot and had to help her out . '' 
 i scowled at him . 
 `` i was n't lost . '' 
 a smile threatened at his lips . 
 `` oh really . '' 
 `` yes really , '' i snapped , and closed my eyes , trying to pretend he was n't there and that the yellow-eyed creatures were n't real . 
 i tried to imagine that i had n't found sophia and alex discussing ... whatever the heck it was they 'd been discussing . 
 that there was no list of dates tucked away in my pocket . 
 i tried to pretend i was just a normal girl whose life made sense . 
 problem was , i 'd just seen the monster right outside . 
 and that piece of paper with the list of dates on it was practically burning a hole in my pocket . 
 plus , the jolt of electricity shimmying up and down my back made me hyperaware that alex was close by . 
 still , i kept my eyes closed until i heard a loud clap . 
 then i sighed and opened my eyes back up . 
 mr. sterling was standing behind his podium . 
 he was n't dressed in his normal teacher attire , instead sporting jeans , sneakers , and navy blue coat . 
 a black baseball cap covered his bald head . 
 he quickly took role and handed out a packet of papers to each table . 
 then everyone filed outside to the bus . 
 i bounced up and down , freezing and nervous as i waited in line to get on . 
 i did n't see a single sign of anything yellow and glowing , except for the bus 's lights . 
 i was n't going to let my guard down , though . 
 i was going to be very careful and stay close to someone at all times . 
 a first for me , but hey , this was my life we were talking about here . 
 by the time i got on the bus , every single seat had someone in it . 
 great . 
 where was i supposed to sit ? 
 the little orange lights on the ceiling spotlighted down on me , and i felt like such a loser , standing there searching for someone to sit by . 
 i 'd never talked to anyone besides aislin and alex. and aislin was already sitting by some guy wearing a black beanie . 
 my only other option was to sit by alex because , of course , he was sitting alone . 
 as i deliberated whether or not sitting by him was an option , i walked by kelsey merritt . 
 she was sharing a seat with anna miller and sarah monroe , all of them donning white coats and pink scarves like they were eight-year-old triplets or something . 
 kelsey smirked up at me . 
 `` lost ? '' 
 she asked vindictively . 
 i should have known what was coming next , but i was too distracted with the whole where-should-i-sit dilemma , and did n't notice when she stuck her leg out into the aisle right in front of me . 
 i had very little time to react . 
 i stumbled clumsily over her boot , but fortunately , for the sake of face planting it onto the ground right in front of everyone , i managed to brace myself on the back of a seat . 
 `` you 're such a loser . '' 
 she snickered . 
 the urge to slap the smirk right off of her face welled up in me like a bubbling volcano about to erupt . 
 i felt the prickle poke at the back of my neck like it was giving me the go head . 
 at least that 's how i chose to take it . 
 i lifted my hand , preparing to strike . 
 but before i could swing it down , a set of warm fingers caught me by the arm . 
 electricity glittered my skin as alex dragged me to his seat . 
 i glowered at him , but deep down-and i mean way deep down-i felt grateful . 
 i mean , what would hitting her have solved ? 
 nothing , except for me probably getting suspended from school . 
 still , i felt the need to protest . 
 `` i did n't need your help . '' 
 i jerked my arm away from him . 
 `` now we both know that 's not true . '' 
 he smiled arrogantly . 
 `` what were you planning on doing exactly ? 
 hitting her ? '' 
 `` no , '' i lied . 
 he stared at me , unconvinced . 
 i folded my arms across my chest . 
 `` well , so what if i was ? 
 she would have deserved it . '' 
 he laughed and shook his head . 
 `` you and your temper . 
 `` i do n't have a temper , '' i argued , which yes , i know , was a lie . 
 i did have a temper . 
 a big one . 
 and it seemed to be getting bigger by the minute . 
 but i could n't help it . 
 my emotions only got unleashed a couple of months ago . 
 of course they were going to be a little intense . 
 `` i beg to differ , '' he said . 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 `` whatever . '' 
 then we just stared at each other . 
 through the sounds of people talking , i thought i could make out aislin 's laugh . 
 `` you know , '' he said , leaning back in the seat , `` we were getting along pretty well the other day . 
 it seems like such a shame for us to start fighting again . '' 
 i turned to face him . 
 `` the only way that 's not going to happen is if you tell me what the heck you were talking to sophia about . '' 
 `` i ca n't , '' he said simply . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 `` because i just ca n't . '' 
 `` that 's it ? 
 that 's your answer ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` it 's the only answer i can give you . '' 
 i threw my hands in the air exasperatedly . 
 `` but you 've told me absolutely nothing . '' 
 he actually looked a little sad . 
 `` i know . '' 
 the bus jerked forward and the lights went out . 
 it got dark . 
 really , really dark . 
 and then , we were off . 
 i turned away from alex , tried not to think about the fact that i was about to break the promise i 'd made to myself to never go back to the mountains , and let the gentle buzz of sparks lull me into a semi-relaxing state until the bus was pulling into star grove , a small park that resided at the bottom of the foothills . 
 it was surrounded by tons of trees , and i suddenly wished i 'd gone home . 
 after what had happened in the parking lot , i should have jumped in my car , drove back to my house , locked the doors , and never left the house again . 
 but instead , here i was , sitting in a bus that had taken me up to the forest . 
 all because i 'd let myself get distracted . 
 if i had n't been so caught up with attempting to get the truth out of alex , maybe i 'd have thought things through better and jumped off the bus before it pulled away . 
 but i did n't . 
 and now i was stuck on a bus next to alex. i wished he 'd just tell me what was going on . 
 i wished i could trust him . 
 it would have been nice to have someone i could trust and be able to confide in about the yellow-eyed monsters . 
 yeah , it was a nice thought . 
 but it was only wishful thinking . 
 and whether wishes were made by blowing out birthday candles , or on a shooting star , they never came true . 
 in a large , plowed-out area , in the center of star grove , telescopes were scattered about . 
 as soon as we stepped off the bus , alex darted off to the closest one . 
 but aislin protested , insisting that if we went up front then we 'd have a `` better view . '' 
 i 'm not sure if i understood her logic , but i did n't argue because the closer to the front we were meant the farther we were from the trees . 
 aislin placed her glove covered hand on top of a telescope . 
 `` what about this one ? 
 does it work for everyone ? '' 
 alex shook his head and let out a frustrated sigh . 
 `` you 're the one who is being picky aislin , so just choose one already . 
 gemma and i were fine with the first one . '' 
 aislin tapped her finger on her chin as she looked down at the telescope , then up at the sky , then at alex. `` well ... if this one 's okay with you guys , then i 'd like to use it . 
 it 's got a great view . '' 
 `` yes , it 's fine . '' 
 he stomped up to the telescope and twisted the knob , adjusting the lens . 
 aislin sighed and retrieved the instructions from her pocket . 
 `` who wants to go first ? '' 
 she asked , unfolding them . 
 alex looked at me , that all too familiar teasing smile creeping across his face . 
 `` i bet gemma would love to go first . '' 
 i rolled my eyes , but stepped up to the telescope anyway . 
 as i rested my hand on top of it , excitement bubbled up inside me . 
 i could n't believe it was going to be my first time looking through an actual telescope . 
 `` which constellation am i supposed to find first ? '' 
 i asked aislin . 
 `` ursa major , '' she told me . 
 i put my eye to the cold lens and twisted the knob to focus it . 
 even though mr. sterling had given a brief demonstration on how to use a telescope , i could only get the sky to look like a dark , splotchy blur with streaks of sliver . 
 `` have n't you ever used a telescope before ? '' 
 alex asked me . 
 he had n't taken more than a step back when i 'd come up to the telescope , and was still standing close to me , invading my personal space . 
 `` nope , '' i said flatly . 
 he moved even closer , reached an arm around each side of me , and placed his hands on the telescope . 
 sparks twinkled against my skin like stars . 
 it made my heart melt . 
 i thought about jabbing him in the side with my elbow so he 'd move back . 
 my elbow was n't having any part of it , though . 
 `` let me know when they come into view , '' he whispered , his breath feathering across my neck . 
 a warm shiver tickled down my spine . 
 the good kind of shiver-the kind that steals your breath away . 
 moments later , the sky shifted into focus . 
 `` i can see them , '' i whispered , awestruck by how beautiful the stars were . 
 he dropped his arms , but did n't step away . 
 i did n't care , though . 
 the view was too amazingly perfect and surreal to care . 
 the way the stars sparkled , and the patterns they created . 
 there was something serene in how all of them seemed to fit together , like pieces of a puzzle . 
 a puzzle that , strangely , i felt like i was a piece of . 
 as i stood there , gazing up at stars , getting swept away , my head started to hum . 
 at first it was only a low hum , nothing too horrible or concerning . 
 but as the low hum swelled into a full-on shrilling ring , i thought my head was going to explode . 
 i dropped my hand and jumped back , suddenly feeling as if i was falling . 
 then everything went black . 
 the next thing i knew , i was standing in the middle of a snowless field . 
 i had no idea how i 'd gotten there . 
 maybe i 'd somehow passed out and was dreaming ? 
 it did n't feel like a dream , though . 
 i felt very awake . 
 a gust of wind blew up from behind me , and i suddenly felt like i was n't alone . 
 i turned around , pieces of tall grass hissing at my legs . 
 in the distance , i saw two figures surfacing ; one tall and the other very small . 
 i could n't make out their faces , but it was n't because of the dark . 
 a blurry haze blocked them out like bad reception on a tv screen . 
 but the haze only rested over the faces . 
 everything else was as clear as day . 
 `` we 're almost there . '' 
 it was a lovely voice that spoke . 
 not too high , or too low , and there was no denying it belonged to a woman . 
 it sounded almost familiar yet unfamiliar at the same time . 
 the smaller figure , i was almost certain , was a little girl . 
 she walked with a bounce , excitement springing in her voice when she said , `` i 'm so excited . '' 
 `` i know , '' replied the woman . 
 `` and you should be . 
 there is a lot to be excited about . '' 
 they were only a few footsteps away from me now , and i waited for them to notice me standing there . 
 but as they continued by me as if i were nonexistent , i wondered if they could see me at all . 
 `` hello , '' i called out . 
 nothing . 
 i followed after them . 
 they came to a stop beside a tall oak tree . 
 the silver glow of the moon glimmered across their blurry faces . 
 the only details i could make out about them were that they both had long , dark hair and fair complexions . 
 i was getting a mother and daughter vibe from them . 
 but i was n't an expert on the subject , so i could n't say for sure . 
 `` here we are . '' 
 the woman raised her hand to the sky . 
 `` see that one right there ? '' 
 the little girls head tilted up toward the sky . 
 `` yeah , i see it mama . '' 
 so they were mother and daughter . 
 `` that one 's yours , '' the mother told her . 
 `` that 's the spot from where you fell . '' 
 where she fell ? 
 who fell ? 
 the little girl ? 
 what was going on ? 
 what was this place ? '' 
 i called out again , `` hello . '' 
 `` almost five years ago , '' the mother continued , my hello going unheard . 
 `` and that was a very special day , right ? '' 
 the girl asked , eagerness beaming in her voice . 
 `` right , '' the mother answered . 
 `` my very special gemma day . '' 
 my mouth fell agape . 
 did she just say gemma ? 
 what was this ? 
 `` hey , '' i shouted , getting closer to them . 
 `` who are you ? 
 and where am i ? '' 
 nothing . 
 it was like i 'd gone invisible . 
 i started to freak out . 
 i needed to know what was going on . 
 but before i had a chance to do anything else , i was suddenly yanked backward . 
 i gasped as the outline of the mother and daughter faded farther and farther away , until they were nothing more than a speck of light . 
 `` holy - '' i jumped back , flinging my hands over my mouth . 
 the telescope was in front of me . 
 my skin was humming . 
 snowy mountains and trees were everywhere . 
 i was back at star grove . 
 i was n't lying on the ground , passed out . 
 i was on my feet . 
 what the heck had happened ? 
 i glanced around . 
 had n't anyone noticed my disappearance ? 
 it did n't look like . 
 everyone seemed content in their little groups , working away on the assignment . 
 alex was still standing right behind me just like he had before i 'd ... i have no idea how to finish that sentence . 
 alex stared at me strangely as he cocked an eyebrow . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 aislin was looking at me weirdly too . 
 but neither of them appeared to be alarmed or completely freaked out , which seemed odd since i 'd just disappeared for who knows how long . 
 or had i ? 
 maybe i 'd hallucinated or something . 
 perhaps i 'd dazed off . 
 god , it did n't feel like it was n't real , though . 
 it had felt very real . 
 too real . 
 like i 'd seen it before . 
 lived it before . 
 maybe i had . 
 the mother had called the little girl gemma . 
 maybe the little girl was me . 
 but if that were true , then why had i called the woman , who i was certain was n't sophia , mama . 
 my mother had died when i was one , and the little girl had to be at least four . 
 confusion swarmed my brain . 
 i started to sweat and blood roared at my ears . 
 tears stung at my eyes , and i had to remind myself to breath . 
 `` i have to go , '' i whispered , making to move around alex. he stepped in front of me and held up his hand . 
 `` go where ? '' 
 `` i. . . 
 to the bus . '' 
 i made another attempt to sidestep around him . 
 he mimicked my move at lightning speed , blocking me and stopping me dead in my tracks . 
 `` you ca n't just go wandering off . 
 we 're out in the middle of a forest . '' 
 his bright green eyes were filled with concern . 
 it was weird . 
 why did he care ? 
 in fact , had n't he been the one to drive me up into the middle of the forest just a few days ago . 
 despite my efforts not to , i started to cry , tears rolling down my ice-cold cheeks . 
 alex 's eyes widened . 
 `` are you ... are you crying ? '' 
 `` um ... oh just shut up . '' 
 and then i dashed past him , my shoulder slamming into his . 
 `` gemma wait , '' alex yelled after me . 
 but i kept running , not thinking about the consequences of what i was about to do as i headed straight for the bus . 
 chapter 12 i found the bus door cracked open-thank goodness-leaving it easy to open . 
 the bus driver was mia and the lights were off . 
 with tears streaming down my face , i dropped down in the seat alex and i had rode up in . 
 i hugged my legs against my chest , and cried in the dark in typical gemma style-all alone . 
 what was happening to me ? 
 was i heading towards an emotional breakdown ? 
 was i going to end up locked away in a padded cell somewhere , screaming at the top of my lungs that everything i said was true-that i was n't crazy ? 
 was i crazy , though ? 
 was any of what was going on actually real ? 
 or was my mind pushing on the boarders of sanity , conjuring up a fictional world ? 
 absentmindedly , i touched the pocket of my jeans where the list of dates rested . 
 i pulled off my glove and reached in , the edges of paper grazing my skin as i took it out . 
 letters forming my name and the dates stared back at me . 
 it was real . 
 tears raindropped down from my eyes and splattered against the paper , bleeding the red ink . 
 everything was so complicated . 
 i desperately wished i could just piece it all together . 
 through my blurry veil of tears , i thought i saw a flash of yellow just outside my window . 
 with my heart thumping wildly , i leaned in for a closer look and saw a tall , dark figure zipping through the pine trees at an inhuman speed , heading directly for the bus . 
 i 'd almost forgotten about the monster . 
 how could i have been so stupid ? 
 again . 
 i needed to get off the bus . 
 right now . 
 before it was too late . 
 i leapt out of my seat , preparing to make a mad dash back to the telescopes where i could be safe . 
 at least for the moment , anyway . 
 but electricity spun through my body , and i hit a dead halt . 
 alex was making his way slowly up the aisle . 
 `` what the heck are you doing out here ? '' 
 `` nothing . '' 
 the word rushed out . 
 i shot a glance at the window . 
 the tall , dark figure was gone . 
 he stopped just short of me , his eyes as round as two golf balls . 
 `` you 've been crying . '' 
 `` so . '' 
 i stuffed the list into the pocket of my coat and wiped the tears off of my cheeks . 
 `` people cry all the time . '' 
 `` yeah , but only when something horrible or sad happens to them . '' 
 he paused , looking out the window , then back at me . 
 `` did something horrible or sad happen to you ? '' 
 i shook my head , afraid to speak . 
 afraid my voice would give away my lie . 
 he nodded at the window . 
 `` what were you looking at out there ? '' 
 `` i was looking at ... the stars . '' 
 it sounded more like a question than an answer . 
 he cocked his head to the side , his forehead creasing over with worry lines . 
 `` but were n't you just looking at the stars through a telescope . 
 right before you ran off in a mad craze . '' 
 i glared at him . 
 insulting me was not a good idea right now . 
 his expression softened a little . 
 `` gemma there 's obviously something bothering you , so tell me what it is please . '' 
 i think it was the first time i 'd ever heard him use the word please . 
 still , it did n't mean i was going to break down and tell him all my secrets . 
 not with the risk of looking like a total lunatic . 
 `` there is nothing bothering me so , if you do n't mind , i think i 'm going to get back to the class . '' 
 i marched forward , but his hands came down on the back of the seats , keeping me from going any farther . 
 i backed up , trying to widen the distance between us , but he matched my steps , narrowing it right back . 
 i tried not to freak out about the fact that i was being cornered like a cat . 
 `` look , i do n't think - '' my back hit the back door . 
 he stopped just inches short of me and reached for my face . 
 i flinched as he wiped away stray tear rolling down my cheek . 
 his fingers tingled against my skin , making me feel lightheaded and dizzy , and i had to grab hold of a nearby seat just to keep from falling over . 
 he raised his finger up into the moonlight speckling through the window and inspected the tear . 
 `` if nothing 's wrong , '' he said in a voice barely above a whisper , `` then what is this ? '' 
 i felt tired . 
 everything was just too ... heavy . 
 i could n't take it anymore . 
 i sighed , a heavy hearted sigh . 
 `` it 's a tear . '' 
 `` yeah , but why are tears falling from those purple eyes of yours . '' 
 normally , the purple eye comment would have pissed me off . 
 but , like i said , i was tired . 
 `` because i 'm sad , '' i told him , which was the truth . 
 i was sad . 
 `` and my eyes are not purple . 
 they 're violet . '' 
 he cracked a smile , but it swiftly faded . 
 `` sad about what ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 i shrugged . 
 it got quiet . 
 my body sparkled electrically as he kept his eyes on my , watching me with the most intense expression . 
 i forgot to breathe again and had to suck in a big breath of air . 
 `` i knew you could feel it , '' he said softly . 
 `` feel what ? '' 
 i replied breathlessly . 
 `` the electricity , '' he whispered in a voice so soft it sent another good shiver down my spine . 
 i had to catch my breath before i spoke . 
 `` i have no idea what you 're talking about . '' 
 `` yes , you do . '' 
 he inched forward , the tips of his sneakers clipping the tips of mine . 
 was it just me or was it getting hot in here ? 
 my thought process was melting like butter . 
 the world shadowed around me . 
 i could hear my heart thrumming in my chest , and i wondered if he could hear it to . 
 i felt like i was slipping away . 
 but i could n't slip away . 
 i needed to remember all the lies he 'd told . 
 i needed to not lose myself . 
 but his eyes were locked on mine , and i could feel my self-control disappearing . 
 he put his hand on my cheek . 
 every inch of my body firecrackered with sparks . 
 it was like the freaking fourth of july in here , all hot and sparkly . 
 the ceiling lights flickered on , then back off again . 
 alex shut his eyes and leaned in . 
 um ... was he going to do what i think he was going to do ? 
 no . 
 there was no way-his lips brushed against mine . 
 i froze , unsure of what to do , but then my instincts took over . 
 i let my eyelids close and fell into the kiss . 
 `` alex ! 
 what are you doing ?! '' 
 both our eyes shot open . 
 alex stepped back with a deer-in-the-headlights look . 
 i stayed where i was with my back pressed against the cold metal of the door . 
 the lights were on and aislin was standing at the front of the bus , her eyes wide . 
 `` what the heck is going on ?! '' 
 alex stared at me with those beautiful green eyes of his as he traced his finger across his lips . 
 the lips that had just been touching mine . 
 holy crap . 
 he broke his gaze away from me and turned to face her . 
 `` why would you think something was going on ? '' 
 aislin placed her hands on her h * ps and narrowed her eyes on him . 
 `` alex , you should know better than to be doing something like this . '' 
 what was she talking about ? 
 him kissing me ? 
 okay , i seriously wanted to get off the bus now . 
 `` um , yeah , i think i 'm going to go back outside . '' 
 alex 's arm came down in front of me . 
 `` no , you 're not . '' 
 `` um , yes , i am . '' 
 i tried to push his arm out of the way , but he was too strong . 
 `` you ca n't make me stay here . '' 
 `` of course i can , '' he said . 
 he was n't even looking at me , but i was pretty sure he could feel the burning death glare i was giving him by the way he shifted his weight . 
 `` alex , i really think - '' aislin began . 
 alex held up his hand . 
 `` aislin , just be quiet . '' 
 she glared furiously at him , but her mouth stayed shut . 
 he turned back to me . 
 `` now what did you see outside ? '' 
 i folded my arms across my chest . 
 `` nothing . '' 
 `` that 's bull . '' 
 he was getting mad . 
 i could tell by the way his skin was tingeing pink . 
 however , when he spoke , his voice sounded absolutely calm . 
 `` just tell me please . '' 
 i thought i felt a chill slither down my spine . 
 but figuring it was from the cold , i shrugged it off and shook my head . 
 `` no . '' 
 he took a deep breath and said softly , `` please . 
 i swear you can trust me . '' 
 i could feel myself falling again-falling into his eyes . 
 maybe i could tell him about everything ... about the monsters ... about me ... the chill slithered down my back again , this time feeling very slimy and very snake-like . 
 i shuttered . 
 `` what is that ? '' 
 he furrowed his eyebrows . 
 `` what 's what ? '' 
 `` it feels like there 's something slimy and cold on my back , '' i told him , running my fingers along the back of my coat . 
 his gaze moved to over my shoulder , and his eyes widened in horror . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i followed his gaze and my heart stopped . 
 frost , webbing its way across the back door . 
 `` what the - '' i shot my attention to the side widows . 
 ice was covering them too . 
 my foggy breath laced out in front of me . 
 the air suddenly felt very heavy . 
 the air suddenly felt like death . 
 `` aislin , '' alex said , worry ringing in his tone . 
 i heard a loud shriek , and through the ice blanketed windows , i thought i saw a flicker of yellow . 
 i could hear alex and aislin talking ... something about getting out of here and transporting-whatever the heck that was-but i could n't seem to take my eyes off of the frozen window to see what they were doing . 
 i think i was in shock or something ; frozen in terror-literally . 
 i needed to get off of the bus . 
 i tore my gaze away from the icy windows . 
 aislin was kneeling down on the ground doing something weird with a black candle and what looked like a chunk of amethyst . 
 what was this ? 
 black magic time ? 
 i definitely needed to leave . 
 `` i have to get out of here , '' i said , trying to push past alex so i could get the heck off of this freezer-of-a-bus . 
 `` you are n't going anywhere , '' alex growled , refusing to let me by . 
 `` yes , i am , '' i shoved at him with all the force i could conjure up , but he stood as still as a statue . 
 i was on the verge of tears again . 
 `` you do n't understand i have to get off . 
 now ! '' 
 `` no , you do n't understand , '' alex snapped . 
 `` if you walk off this bus , you 'll die . '' 
 `` if i stay of this bus , they 'll kill me ! '' 
 that caught his attention . 
 `` who will kill you ? '' 
 oh crap . 
 i had n't meant to say that aloud . 
 but with what was happening around us , did it really even matter . 
 `` those things . '' 
 i pointed towards the windows where blinking eyes now flashed from the other side . 
 `` you know what they are ? '' 
 he asked , stunned . 
 `` of course i do . '' 
 i tried to shove past him again , but it was useless . 
 `` this is not the first time i 've seen them . '' 
 he closed his eyes and took a deep breath . 
 `` aislin , they know . '' 
 aislin , who was dangling the amethyst thingy into the flame of the candle , froze . 
 great . 
 here we were , about to be froze to death by monsters , and aislin was ... well , i have no idea what she was doing , but it seemed really out of place , all things considering . 
 alex had his back turned to me . 
 hoping to catch him off-guard , i tried to slip by him , but he caught me by the hood of my jacket , and yanked me back , pinning me against his chest . 
 `` i already told you if you go out there , the death walkers will kill you , '' he said . 
 `` so do yourself a favor and stay put . '' 
 i 'd have kicked him in the shin , but something he said stopped me . 
 `` death walkers ? 
 what 's a death walker ? '' 
 `` those things out there with the glowing eyes , '' he raised his chin at one of the nearby windows , `` are called death walkers . 
 and they 're called that for a good reason . 
 they can freeze someone to death just by touching them . '' 
 i already knew that way too well . 
 way , way too well . 
 `` i know they can , '' i whispered , horror pulsating through me as i thought about the nightmares that had haunted me over and over again-nightmares i should have taken more seriously . 
 but it was too late now . 
 the forest was right outside and i was about to die . 
 my ice-cold hands were trembling . 
 i assumed it was from my nerves until i saw that they had turned a ghastly shade of purplish-blue . 
 `` oh my god ! '' 
 i cried , shaking my purplish-blue hands . 
 `` what 's happening to me ? '' 
 alex enclosed his hand around mine . 
 his skin felt sooo warm . 
 `` try to relax , '' he told me . 
 `` aislin will have us out of here in just a second . '' 
 try to relax . 
 was he kidding ? 
 how was i supposed to relax when my death was waiting for me just outside the frozen walls of the bus ? 
 and how on earth did he expect aislin to get us out of here ? 
 with her magic-candle-voodoo-witch thing she was doing ? 
 yeah , all that was doing was creating a cloud of violet-grey smoke that was starting to fill up the bus ? 
 i shook my hand fiercely . 
 please change back . 
 please change back . 
 please change back ! 
 `` just stay calm , '' alex lulled . 
 `` i promise everything will be okay in just a minute . '' 
 yeah , i was n't convinced . 
 the bus gave a sudden jerk to the side and fog began to swarm beneath the cracks and crevasses of the doors and windows . 
 the temperature shot down . 
 my bodied burned-it was that cold . 
 suddenly feeling exhausted , i let my eyelids drift shut . 
 `` stayyy awwwake . '' 
 alex voice sounded so far away . 
 i cracked open my eyes and he hugged me against his chest , his voice reverberating in slow motion as he said , `` aislinn hurrrry uppp . '' 
 `` perrrr is calxxxx ego lux lucisss viaaa , '' someone whispered . 
 at least i think someone whispered , but i could n't be absolutely sure . 
 at this point , i could have been hallucinating . 
 the interior lights blinked off , and all i could see were the yellow eyes fireflying all around the outside of the bus . 
 then a purple glow swallowed up my surroundings , and i let my eyes close as the windows shattered . 
 i felt alex 's arm come up over my head protectively . 
 a sharp pain ripped up my side , and i let out a scream . 
 the next thing i knew , i was flying through the air . 
 chapter 13 i 'm not sure how long i was in the air-or if i even was in the air . 
 it was hard to tell with the thick blanket of blackness all around me . 
 when i finally did see light again , my face was inches away from the floor , about to smack into it , hard . 
 and hard it sure did smack . 
 my forehead throbbed . 
 with my limbs aching in protest , and my brain swirling dizzily , i got to my feet . 
 i was no longer on the bus , but in a room with red walls and an ash-black hardwood floor . 
 an l-shaped leather sofa trimmed the far back corner , and there were bookshelves all over the place . 
 dark curtains blocked all the windows so i was n't sure what was outside . 
 `` where the heck am i ? '' 
 i said . 
 a hand came down on my shoulder , sending a surge of electricity spiraling down my arm . 
 i spun around , knocking the hand away from my shoulder . 
 alex stood only inches away from me . 
 and right behind him was aislin . 
 for a split second , i was overwhelmed with the impulse to run to him . 
 but the feeling quickly dissipated as the memories of what had just taken place hurricaned though my mind . 
 i stumbled away from him , my hands shielded out in front of me . 
 a razor-sharp pain radiated up my left rib , and i let out a moan as i hunched over and wrapped my arm around my waist . 
 my ribs were throbbing `` what 's the matter ? '' 
 alex asked , concern lacing his voice . 
 i held up one hand , keeping the other on my aching ribs . 
 `` stay away from me . '' 
 `` gemma , i 'm not going to hurt you , '' he said , sounding very convincing . 
 but i was n't buying it . 
 not after what had happened . 
 `` you need to hold still . 
 you 're hurt . '' 
 something warm and sticky dripped down along the back of my hand . 
 blood . 
 i lifted up the edge of my coat . 
 a small piece of glass was lodged in my skin . 
 i gasped . 
 `` just relax . '' 
 the tone of his voice was tolerant , not relaxing at all . 
 he turned to aislin . 
 `` you better go find laylen and see if he has a first aid kit or something . 
 although i 'm not even sure why you brought us here in the first place . '' 
 aislin blushed . 
 `` i was n't trying to . 
 it was an accident . 
 you should just be grateful i got us out of there before - '' she glanced at me and stopped . 
 `` i 'll go find laylen , '' she said and whisked out the door . 
 `` who 's laylen ? '' 
 i asked . 
 alex motioned at the l-shaped couch . 
 `` go sit down so i can look at that . '' 
 i shook my head , my hand still grasping at my wounded side . 
 `` not until you tell me where we are ? 
 and how in the world we got here ? 
 and - '' alex cut me off . 
 `` i really do n't think that 's the most important thing right now , considering you have a piece of glass sticking out of your rib . '' 
 he had a point , i guess , but i deserved some answers . 
 `` fine . 
 i 'll go sit down . 
 but i 'm not going to drop this . 
 you are going to tell me what 's going on . '' 
 he studied me with a curious expression . 
 `` you know , you 're nothing like what i thought you 'd be . '' 
 `` i do n't even know what that means , '' i said hotly . 
 `` you always say things that make no sense at all . '' 
 he sighed . 
 `` just go sit down and i 'll try and explain things the best that i can . '' 
 i was stunned . 
 had i actually won the argument ? 
 `` are you serious ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` but hurry up . 
 you 're bleeding all over the floor . '' 
 after settling on the couch , i let my questions pour out of me . 
 `` okay , so how did we get here ? 
 and what were those things back there ? 
 those ... death walkers ? 
 and how do you know about them ? 
 and how do you know sophia , because i could tell by the way you two were talking that ... '' the way alex was staring at me made me trail off . 
 he looked totally baffled . 
 `` are you going to give me a chance to talk ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` or do you want to just keep going ? '' 
 i bit my bottom lip . 
 `` sorry . 
 go ahead . '' 
 he pressed his lips together and stared off into empty space . 
 `` take off your coat . '' 
 i blinked . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he met my eyes . 
 `` in order for me to get the glass out , you have to take off your coat . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 for some stupid reason , i suddenly thought about the kissed we 'd shared right before all hell had broken loose . 
 it could barely be considered a kiss , really soft and brief like the touch of a butterfly 's wing . 
 still , i could almost feel the lingering sparkle of electricity where his lips had brushed against mine . 
 i carefully eased my coat off , wincing as the glass shifted . 
 alex took off his gloves and coat and pushed up the sleeves of his long-sleeved black thermal shirt . 
 then he reached for me . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 my muscles tensed as i leaned away from him . 
 he pointed to my side . 
 `` looking at that . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 i said stupidly . 
 i took a deep breath and held as still as i could . 
 he lifted the edge of my shirt up just enough so he could see the piece of glass sticking out of my blood-covered skin . 
 he examined it , gently tracing a circle around the cut with his finger . 
 i held my breath , trying to hold in the gasp that desperately wanted to escape my lips . 
 it would end up being the good kind of gasp-the kind of gasp that might get him thinking i was okay with everything . 
 and i was n't . 
 not by a long shot . 
 finally , after what seemed like an eternity , he moved his hand away . 
 his face looked dead serious . 
 worried even . 
 it made me anxious . 
 `` is it bad ? '' 
 i asked in a high-pitched voice . 
 his mouth curved into a grin . 
 `` no , it 's not that bad at all . 
 the piece of glass is small , and you 're barely bleeding anymore . 
 i should be able to get it out and stitched it up without any problems . '' 
 he rested back against the couch and glanced at the door . 
 `` just as soon as aislin gets here . '' 
 i tugged down the corner of my shirt and frowned . 
 `` that was n't funny . 
 you had me thinking i was seriously hurt or something . '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` actually , it kind of was . '' 
 i glowered at him . 
 `` do you even know how to do stitches ? '' 
 `` what , do n't you trust me ? '' 
 i chose not to answer that . 
 `` how about you answer some of my questions ? '' 
 he frowned . 
 `` i 'd rather not . '' 
 `` but you said you would , '' i protested . 
 `` i mean , is it really that bad that you ca n't tell me '' `` yes , '' he said . 
 a shiver crawled up my spine . 
 `` well , i still want to know . '' 
 he locked eyes with me . 
 `` are you sure about that ? '' 
 i swallowed hard and nodded . 
 good or not , i wanted to know . 
 `` fine . '' 
 he waved his hand . 
 `` go head . 
 ask your questions . '' 
 `` okay ... '' my mind suddenly seemed blanked . 
 `` um ... where are we ? '' 
 `` laylen 's . 
 he 's a friend of aislin 's and mine . '' 
 he drew back the curtain that was behind us . 
 `` he lives in the nevada desert . '' 
 if it would n't have been for the sunlight , lighting up the sky , and the golden-brown sand , dusted with cacti , that stretched as far as my eye could see , i would n't have believed him . 
 but there it was , right outside the window . 
 there was no denying it . 
 we were in the desert . 
 `` how - '' i stammered . 
 `` i mean-how ? '' 
 he let go of the curtain . 
 `` that 's where all of this becomes confusing . '' 
 `` becomes confusing ? 
 it 's already been confusing for quite awhile . '' 
 `` has it ? '' 
 he muttered . 
 i was n't sure if it was a rhetorical question or not , so i did n't answer . 
 `` so ... how exactly did we get to nevada in just a split second 's time ? '' 
 he hesitated . 
 `` aislin transported us here . '' 
 `` transported , '' i said very slowly like the word was foreign . 
 but the way he 'd used it was foreign . 
 `` i remember hearing you guys say that word back on the bus , but what does it mean exactly ? '' 
 he hesitated again . 
 `` it 's a form of magic . '' 
 i could n't help it . 
 a burst of laughter escaped my lips . 
 `` are you being serious ? 
 because , just so you know , magic is n't real . '' 
 `` it is n't , huh ? '' 
 he gestured around the room . 
 `` then how do you explain this ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` a delusion brought on by the trauma of those things-those death walkers things trying to kill me . '' 
 he stared at me , astounded . 
 `` so , let me get this straight . 
 what you 're trying to say is that you believe in something like the death walkers who , by the way , are demons , but you do n't believe in magic . '' 
 `` umm ... '' okay , so he had a point , but still , it felt like i was just going insane . 
 it was all just too strange-too straight-out-of-a-sci-fi-novel strange . 
 `` i do n't know what i believe in . '' 
 `` well , if you ca n't believe in something as simple as magic , then there 's no point in me even trying to explain the rest of it . 
 because , out of everything , magic is probably the sanest sounding thing of all . '' 
 i thought about what he was saying for a moment , but still ... he was trying to convince me that magic was real . 
 `` so what you 're trying to say is that aislin 's a witch ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` but by your sarcastic tone , i 'm guessing you 're still not buying it . '' 
 `` i 'm trying . '' 
 i really was . 
 `` but it 's kind of hard to accept something that sounds so ... crazy . '' 
 he eyed me over , causing my skin to electrify . 
 `` so tell me this . 
 how can you accept the feeling that i know you 're feeling right now , but you ca n't accept that aislin 's a witch ? 
 because on a crazy level , they 're both about the same . '' 
 `` what feeling ? '' 
 i asked , knowing full well what he meant . 
 before i could stop him , he rested his hand on my cheek . 
 electricity sung through my blood veins , and under no control of my own , i let out a gasp . 
 `` that feeling , '' he whispered , the palm of his hand still cupping my cheek . 
 growing up with marco and sophia-the two most unaffectionate people ever-i 'd never come close to even getting a pat on the back . 
 so him touching me like that felt very strange . 
 yet somehow , at the same time , it felt very familiar . 
 he dropped his hand , and we both just sat there , staring at one another . 
 `` okay , '' i finally said , breaking the silence . 
 `` i believe you so you can go on . '' 
 he forced a fake smile . 
 `` can i ? '' 
 `` yeah , you can . '' 
 he shook his head , looking like he was trying hard not to smile , then he turned to face me . 
 `` look , i 've broken a lot of rules here . '' 
 i tilted my head to the side , confused . 
 `` what rules ? '' 
 `` nothing . 
 never mind , '' he said quickly . 
 he ran his fingers roughly through his hair `` god , how the heck am i supposed to explain to you how important you are ? '' 
 `` how important i am ? '' 
 i gave him a doubtful look . 
 `` trust me , there 's nothing important about me . 
 at all . '' 
 `` you have no idea how wrong you are . '' 
 the intensity in his eyes made me shrink back . 
 i gulped . 
 `` i do n't understand what you mean - '' `` here it is , '' aislin announced , as she strutted into the room carrying a first aid kit . 
 alex practically leapt off of the couch and met aislin in the middle of the room . 
 `` took you long enough . '' 
 grimacing , she shoved the first aid kit at him . 
 `` it took me a minute to find laylen . '' 
 `` sure it did , '' alex said , his tone insinuating something . 
 something i was almost certain i 'd rather not know . 
 `` whatever alex. '' she flipped her golden blonde hair from her shoulder . 
 `` and just so you know , laylen 's going to stay away until ... '' she glanced at me , then leaned in and dipped her voice quieter . 
 after that , i could only make out half of what she was saying . 
 being able to lip read would have came in handy right now . 
 all i was able to catch was something about `` staying away '' and `` blood . '' 
 maybe aislin could n't stand the sight of blood ... i do n't know . 
 but really , did i ever know what was going on . 
 no . 
 `` i guess , but she 's not bleeding that bad , '' alex 's voice rose loud enough for me to hear him . 
 he tucked the first aid kit underneath his arm . 
 `` why do n't you go try and get a hold of stephan . 
 let him know what 's happened and see what he wants us to do . '' 
 stephen . 
 why did that name keep popping up ? 
 `` what about the other problem ? '' 
 she nodded in my direction . 
 he shrugged . 
 `` i 'm going to tell her . '' 
 `` tell her ! '' 
 aislin exclaimed . 
 `` are you crazy !? '' 
 uh ... hello , i was sitting right here . 
 jeez people . 
 `` we really do n't have a choice , '' alex said . 
 `` after what she just saw . '' 
 with the way they were talking about me , i wondered if they 'd forgotten i was in the room . 
 then again , being subtle had never been their thing . 
 aislin sighed . 
 `` fine . 
 do whatever you want . 
 i 'll go call stephan . '' 
 she stomped toward the doorway , but turned around before walking out . 
 `` but just for the record , this is all on you . '' 
 `` thanks for clarifying that , '' he said in a sarcastic tone . 
 she shot him a glare before stepping out of the room . 
 alex came over to the couch , knelt down on the floor , and opened up the first aid kit . 
 `` who 's stephan ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` my father , '' he said , without looking up . 
 `` your father . '' 
 i do n't know what i 'd expected him to say , but that sure as heck was n't it . 
 he grabbed a throw pillow from the foot of the couch and set it down beside me . 
 `` lay down so i can get that piece of glass out of you and get you stitched up . 
 and i 'll try to explain everything while i do . '' 
 i noticed his emphasis on the word try . 
 `` so by try , do you mean try to explain the whole truth ? 
 or just the parts of the truth you want me to hear ? '' 
 he stared at me quizzically . 
 `` you 're kind of a difficult , you know that ? '' 
 `` gee , thanks , '' i replied , my voice rich with sarcasm . 
 he shook his head , but i caught a glimpse of a faint smile . 
 `` i 'll tell you everything as in everything . '' 
 i lay down on the couch as carefully as i could and rested my head on the pillow . 
 `` alright . '' 
 he rubbed his hands together . 
 `` try to hold as still as possible while i pull out the glass . '' 
 i cringed . 
 i could n't help it . 
 i took a deep breath and fixed my eyes on the ceiling , trying to think of something else besides the fact that he was about to yank the glass out . 
 but the deep red color of the ceiling reminded me a lot of blood , and i was very aware of the tug as alex removed the glass . 
 i threw my arm over my face and shut my eyes , taking slow breaths . 
 `` you doing alright ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i nodded , but my ribs were on fire . 
 `` this little thing right here is what was in you , '' he said i opened my eyes . 
 in the palm of his hand was a piece of blood stained glass about the size of a quarter . 
 `` that 's it . '' 
 sticking out of my skin , it had looked so much bigger . 
 `` yep , that 's it . '' 
 he dropped the glass into the first aid kit , and it plinked as it hit the plastic . 
 he took out a cotton ball and poured rubbing alcohol on it . 
 `` gemma , i 'm really sorry . '' 
 his `` sorry '' momentarily perplexed me . 
 before i could figure out what he meant by it , he 'd already pressed the cotton ball onto my cut . 
 it felt like someone had dumped gasoline on my skin and lit a match . 
 i squeezed my eyes shut and bit down on my lip , trying not to scream bloody murder . 
 finally , after what seemed like hours , he moved it away . 
 `` sorry about that . 
 i just thought it would be better if i caught you off-guard . 
 that way you would n't anticipate it and try to move away . '' 
 i was in too much pain to respond . 
 `` now i just have to stitch it up . '' 
 he tossed the now blood soaked cotton ball into the first aid kit . 
 `` the cuts not very big , so it should n't take me that long . '' '' 
 ` kay , '' i said through my shallow breathing . 
 he began winding a spool of clear string around his hand . 
 `` so , are you going to explain to me why you think i 'm so important ? '' 
 i asked , watching him unwind the string like a cat . 
 `` give me a second . '' 
 he snipped the end of the string off with a pair of scissors . 
 `` before i do , though , you have to promise me two things . '' 
 `` depends on what those two things are . '' 
 he gave me a look as he withdrew a shiny needle from the kit . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 i tried again . 
 `` so what are the two things i need to promise ? '' 
 `` first , you have to promise that you 'll try to keep an open mind . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 keeping an open mind seemed easy enough . 
 `` and the second promise ? '' 
 `` that you 'll let me finish talking before you start freaking out . '' 
 that one was n't as easy . 
 my gut churned . 
 `` how do you know i 'll freak out ? '' 
 he looped the piece of clear string through the needle . 
 `` because you will . '' 
 jeez . 
 just how bad was it going to be ? 
 i guess , considering everything that had happened , it had to be bad , right ? 
 how could it not . 
 i swallowed the lump in my throat . 
 `` alright , i 'll try not to freak out until you 're done talking . '' 
 he raised his eyebrows . 
 `` you 'll try ? '' 
 i suddenly felt very aware that i was about to hear something bad . 
 very , very bad . 
 ` fine . 
 i wo n't freak out until you 're finished . '' 
 but after that , all bets were off . 
 he held the needle just above my ribcage . 
 i flinched-i absolutely , one-hundred percent , hate needles . 
 with all their sharpness and being pointy-their sole purpose was to stab you . 
 `` i 'm not even sure where to begin with all of this , '' he muttered and let a hiccup of silence go by . 
 `` do you remember that story i told you about . 
 the one about the fallen star . '' 
 `` yeah ... i remember . '' 
 `` hold still , '' he said as he tipped the needle down and vigilantly guided it through my skin . 
 it stung . 
 bad . 
 my eyes snapped shut , and i clutched on to the edge of the couch . 
 `` breathe , '' alex reminded me . 
 my eyes flew open , and i sucked in a breath of air . 
 `` you good ? '' 
 he asked after a second or two had ticked by . 
 `` yeah , i think so . '' 
 but my voice trembled . 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 `` yeah ... but can you get this over with quickly . 
 please . '' 
 he nodded , and then weaved the needle into my skin again . 
 `` so where was i ? '' 
 `` you were talking about the fallen sta - '' i gasped as he pressed the needle into my skin for the third time . 
 `` oh yeah , the fallen star-all of what has happened has to do with that . '' 
 `` how ? '' 
 `` you remember the story , right ? 
 twenty years ago a star fell from the sky . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` but that does n't mean i believe it . '' 
 he paused , the needle a mere sliver of air away from piercing into my skin . 
 `` you promised me you 'd keep an open mind , remember . 
 and you need to believe in the fallen star story otherwise the rest of this is going to sound like a lie . '' 
 `` but you are a liar , right ? '' 
 i asked , knowing i was treading on thin water here . 
 he was the one holding the needle , after all . 
 but still , it needed to be said . 
 `` liar 's such a strong word . 
 i prefer to think of it as me omitting some of the details . '' 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 whatever . 
 this time when he snaked the needle through my skin , he placed his free hand on my stomach . 
 my bare stomach . 
 all of my focus centered on how his fingers were touching my bare skin . 
 the warmth . 
 the buzzing . 
 it even numbed out the pain a little . 
 `` gemma ? '' 
 his voice pulled me back to him . 
 i blinked dazedly . 
 `` huh ? '' 
 he stared down at me , his forehead creased . 
 `` did you hear what i said ? '' 
 as much as i hated to do it , i shook my head because i had n't heard a single word he 'd said . 
 `` umm ... no . '' 
 `` i asked if you remembered when i mentioned the secret group that hid the star . '' 
 i nodded , still somewhat distracted by his warm hand touching my stomach . 
 `` yeah , i remember . '' 
 `` well , the secret group is called custodis of vita . '' 
 there was so much electricity . 
 `` the awhata ? '' 
 `` the custodis of vita , '' he repeated , sounding irritated . 
 that 's it . 
 it was too hard to focus with his hand touching me like that . 
 i reached down and lifted it off of me . 
 he gave me a strange look , glanced at his hand , then back at me . 
 `` what is that like latin or something ? '' 
 i asked , hoping to distract him away from what i 'd just done . 
 `` yeah ... it means keepers of life . 
 but for short we call ourselves the keepers . '' 
 `` keepers of life . '' 
 i raised my eyebrows . 
 `` it sounds like a cult . '' 
 a soft laugh escaped his lips . 
 `` it 's not , though . 
 we actually protect the world from dangerous things '' `` we ? '' 
 i studied his expression ; so serious and , at least as much as i could tell , so not the expression belonging to someone who was lying . 
 however , alex was an excellent liar . 
 `` so you 're saying that you belong to this keepers group ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` and aislin . 
 and ... '' his voice got quieter . 
 `` marco and sophia . '' 
 i lay there , motionless , letting his words sink in . 
 `` so what you 're trying to tell me is that marco and sophia , the people who 've raised me since i was one , belong to some secret group who protect the world from evil ? '' 
 it sounded way too fictiony . 
 all saving the world from evil and demons and vampires . 
 yeah , i know , he had n't actually mentioned vampires but ... god , what if there were actual vampires ? 
 `` no . 
 there 's no way . 
 you 're lying . 
 you have to be lying . '' 
 he had to be . 
 `` that 's the second time you 've said that in the last five minutes , which is really frustrating since this is one of the few times i 've ever told the truth . '' 
 he seemed so angry it was hard not to believe him . 
 besides , something else had just occurred to me . 
 something that might backup part of what he was saying . 
 that time i 'd caught sophia and alex having that strange conversation in the foyer . 
 if what he was saying was true , it would explain how they knew each other . 
 my stomach felt all twisty . 
 what if what he was saying was true ? 
 `` is that why you and sophia were talking the other day ? 
 did it have something to do with all of this ? '' 
 he gave a slow nod . 
 `` that night we were discussing ... something . '' 
 i felt a sharp tug as the needle snagged my skin . 
 i let out a whimper and my hand instinctively flew down toward the pain . 
 luckily , alex caught my fingers before they touched the stitches . 
 `` whatever you do , do n't touch it , '' he warned . 
 i drew my hand back and cradled it against my chest . 
 `` so , if you 're telling me the truth-which i 'm still not one-hundred percent certain you are-then why has n't anyone mentioned any of this to me before ? '' 
 he hesitated , looking stressed . 
 `` i do n't even know how to begin to explain the rest of this to you . '' 
 he let out a frustrated sigh as the needle slipped through my skin . 
 `` okay , so that star i was telling you about held a lot of power . 
 that 's why we-the keepers went and got it in the first place . 
 if it fell into the wrong hands then ... '' silence grasped the air . 
 `` then what ? '' 
 i wish he 'd just spit it out . 
 he shook his head . 
 `` nothing . '' 
 he paused , seeming torn about something . 
 `` okay , let me try this again . 
 there are these people who have the ability to see into the future . 
 kind of like psychics , but we call them foreseers . 
 but anyway , one of these foreseers made this prediction-or a prophecy i guess you could call it-that this fallen star would prevent the end of the world from happening . '' 
 he picked up the scissors and trimmed the end of the string off . 
 `` you 're into astronomy , right ? 
 so i 'm sure you 've heard of december 21 , 2012 ? '' 
 i stared at him , dumbfounded . 
 end of the world . 
 wtf . 
 `` gemma ? '' 
 `` um ... yeah ... dec. 21 , 2012 ? 
 are n't the planets supposed to align or something ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` at the exact same moment the winter solstice takes place . '' 
 he tossed the scissors back into the box and pulled out a roll of tape and gauze . 
 `` when i say ` end of the world ' , what i mean is there 's this portal that 's supposed to only be able to be open up at the very exact moment the planets align . '' 
 `` a portal , '' i repeated with skepticism . 
 i mean , i 'd heard some theories on what some people believed was going happen on december 21 , 2012 . 
 and a couple of them had discussed the possibility of the world ending . 
 but a portal ? 
 really ? 
 he cocked an eyebrow . 
 `` you still seem like you do n't believe me . '' 
 he positioned the gauze over the stitches and secured it with two strips of tape . 
 then he set the roll of tape back into first aid kit and snapped the lid shut . 
 `` i 'm all done now , so you can sit up if you want . 
 just be careful , though . 
 and do n't move to fast or you might rip them open . '' 
 i tugged the edge of my shirt down and slowly sat up . 
 my side felt all strange and tight , and the skin burned . 
 alex set the kit down on a nearby table and dropped down on the couch beside me , his knee brushing against mine and making my muscles tense as electricity coiled up my thigh . 
 `` so what is that ? '' 
 i asked abruptly . 
 `` that electricity thing that i feel whenever i 'm around you ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` i have no idea . '' 
 i eyed him over suspiciously . 
 i could never be sure whether he was lying or not . 
 `` you have no idea what it is ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` nope . 
 i 've never felt anything like it until you came along . '' 
 `` yeah , me neither , '' i muttered . 
 `` until the first time i was by you . '' 
 he looked surprised . 
 `` really ? '' 
 `` yes really . 
 why do you look so surprised ? 
 you just said the same thing ? '' 
 `` because it 's different with you . '' 
 before i could yammer out a bunch of questions about that , he shifted the direction of the conversation . 
 `` but anyway , back to the portal . 
 see , if it opens up , it will let out a ton of death walkers . 
 so i 'm sure you can image how the end of the world is supposed to happen . '' 
 i stared down at my hand , remembering the bluish-purple color . 
 `` by ice . '' 
 `` exactly . '' 
 `` so how come i started freezing to death , and my fingers turned all funky and blue , but you seemed completely unbothered . '' 
 `` eventually mine would have turned out the same way , '' he explained . 
 `` your reaction to the death walkers chill is just a little worse than mine . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i mean , is there something weird about me ? '' 
 `` i 'm getting to that . '' 
 he fiddled with a loose string hanging off of one of the throw pillows . 
 `` there 's this guy named demetrius , who is the leader of all the death walkers , and he wants this portal to open up . 
 and basically , this fallen star is the only thing that has enough power to keep the portal from opening , so you can imagine how important it is to keep the star away from him . '' 
 `` do you still have it ? '' 
 i was confused by how weird it sounded . 
 i mean , this was crazy . 
 it had to be some twisted , freaky dream i 'd been sucked into or something . 
 or maybe i 'd had a meltdown and created my own personal fantasy world inside my head . 
 there was no way this could be real , right ? 
 but if that were true , then why did it feel like there was more truth in his story than anything i 'd ever been told ? 
 a funny look flickered across his face . 
 `` yeah , we still have it . '' 
 he kept his eyes on me for an instant longer , before forcing them away . 
 `` we kept it hidden so demetrius could n't find it and destroy it . 
 for the first few years , we had a shifter transfer the star 's energy into different objects to keep its location a secret . '' 
 he stopped . 
 `` do i need to slow down ? 
 you look lost . '' 
 `` kind of lost . 
 kind of overwhelmed , '' i admitted . 
 `` but you can go on . '' 
 `` okay , but just so you know the next part is going to be very hard for you to hear . 
 and you need to make sure to stay as calm as you can . '' 
 i swallowed hard , my stomach churning . 
 `` i 'll try . '' 
 he took a deep breath and surprised me when he reached over and took my hand . 
 `` an accident happened three years after we found the star . 
 theron , the shifter i told you about , was attacked by demetrius while in possession of the object that was holding the star 's energy in it . 
 he ended up panicking and accidently shifted the power into something it should have never gone into . '' 
 he gave a long pause . 
 `` it went into a woman . '' 
 `` a woman ? '' 
 my eyes widened `` what happened to her ? '' 
 `` well , the energy did n't end up in her exactly . 
 she was pregnant when it happened , and it ended up going into her unborn child . '' 
 i froze . 
 why did this seem so familiar ? 
 and why did the incident back at the telescope-the one where i 'd been sucked away to the field-pop into my mind . 
 `` so what happened to the mother and the baby ? '' 
 `` they both lived and everything , but the stars energy got trapped inside the baby . 
 and it 's still there . 
 for some reason-and no one knows for sure because no one 's ever came across anything like it before-no shifter could transfer it back out of her . '' 
 he pressed his lips together , his hand tightening on mine . 
 `` a few years after it all happened , the mother did end up passing away . 
 but her death had nothing to do with the star . '' 
 he watched me closely . 
 `` she was a keeper and her name was jocelyn . '' 
 `` jocelyn , '' i repeated . 
 `` why does that name sound so familiar ? 
 did i know her ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` you did and very well . '' 
 `` how ? '' 
 but before he could answer , i realized why . 
 because i 'd seen the name before . 
 on my birth certificate . 
 jocelyn was my mother . 
 chapter 14 neither of us spoke for awhile . 
 the only sound came from a clock ticking back and forth . 
 alex was still holding my hand , his skin warm and flowing with static . 
 he 'd never actually answered my question when i 'd ask how i knew the woman . 
 but i think he might have sensed i 'd figured it out by my sudden muteness . 
 `` gemma , are you okay ? '' 
 he finally asked . 
 i nodded slowly . 
 `` you do know who she is , right ? '' 
 i nodded slowly again . 
 `` then you understand what that means , right ? '' 
 i pressed my lips together . 
 yeah , i understood what it meant . 
 way , way too clearly . 
 he was saying that for the last eighteen years , i 'd been harboring a fallen star 's energy inside of me . 
 some piece of a freaking solar systems sun . 
 and as crazy as it sounded , it made sense . 
 i 'd never been normal . 
 i 'd been hollow and emotionally numb until an invisible prickle had shown up , and my emotions had come barreling out of me . 
 add that to the violet color of my eyes , and my ability to either sense or cause electricity to flow just by being around someone ... i really was a freak . 
 literally . 
 i probably was n't even considered human . 
 `` so what am i ? '' 
 my voice sounded so numb . 
 `` what are you ? '' 
 his eyebrows dipped down . 
 `` huh ? 
 what are you talking about ? '' 
 `` well , i ca n't be human ? '' 
 i choked on the words . 
 `` so what am i ? '' 
 `` you 're human , '' he assured me . 
 `` just a human with a lot of power buzzing inside her . '' 
 i could feel that power buzzing right now , and it was making me feel like i might throw up . 
 i tried to ease my hand away from his , but he clutched onto it . 
 `` look , '' he began in a very guarded , yet very determined tone . 
 `` i know this all sounds crazy . 
 and i understand that you 're probably freaking out right now , but there 's more i have to tell you . '' 
 `` there 's more ! '' 
 i cried . 
 a few hours ago , i 'd wanted nothing more than to hear the truth . 
 but now , after what i 'd heard , part of me wished there was a rewind button so i could go back in time and chose not to hear it . 
 he gave a slow nod . 
 `` and i think i should probably warn you that it 's just as bad-if not worse than what i 've already told you . '' 
 my hands shook , and i felt like i was suffocating . 
 how could anything be worse than getting told i was carrying around the power of a star that could possibly save the world from a deathly , apocalyptic portal ? 
 i ripped my hand away from his and let my head fall into my hands . 
 `` this is a lot to take in . 
 i 'm not sure if i can take anymore . '' 
 `` well , if you want me to stop then - '' my head snapped up . 
 `` no . '' 
 i sat up straight . 
 i was going to have to tough it out . 
 `` i need to hear the rest otherwise it will drive me crazy . '' 
 he sighed . 
 i think he might have been hoping i 'd tell him to stop , but good or bad , i needed to hear it . 
 i 'd already learned too much to go back now . 
 everything had changed . 
 nothing was simple anymore . 
 but really , had anything ever been simple for me ? 
 he looked reluctant , but continued . 
 `` well , we lucked out because demetrius never discovered the location of where the stars power ended up . 
 a few months after you were born , though , a foreseer told stephan another prophecy about the star . 
 the prophecy said that if your emotions were n't controlled then the power of the star would weaken and eventually die altogether , which would make it useless to stop the portal from opening . '' 
 he placed his hand back on top of mine , which i thought was kind of weird . 
 he sure did seem determined to touch me . 
 `` so to keep that from happening , and to keep demetrius from ever finding out , stephan made a decision that you 'd go and live with marco and sophia in the real world . '' 
 `` how old was when i went to live with them ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` you were one when you went to live with marco and sophia , '' he replied in a flat tone that puzzled me . 
 his palm felt sweaty on my hand , and i had to admit it was kind of gross . 
 `` and they were under strict orders to make sure you stayed unemotional . '' 
 i did n't say anything for awhile . 
 i 'd hit some kind of eerie calm or something . 
 or maybe i should say an `` unemotional '' calm . 
 i knew right then and there that any doubts i 'd had about alex telling the truth were gone . 
 how could i deny it when he knew about my unemotional issue ? 
 now the problem i was facing was that i was made to be that way . 
 intentionally . 
 `` gemma , '' he said . 
 `` how ? '' 
 i asked in a lifeless tone . 
 the same lifeless tone i 'd used for most of the last eighteen years of my life . 
 until i 'd felt the prickle . 
 he cocked his head to the side in confusion . 
 `` how what ? '' 
 `` how did they do it ? '' 
 i tried to wiggle my hand free from his , but he would n't let go . 
 `` make me unemotional . '' 
 he fixed his gaze on the floor and shrugged . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i guess by shutting you off from any kind of emotional contact . 
 if someone does n't ever know happiness , sadness , or love , then how can they ever feel it ? '' 
 the inability to make eye-contact was the first sign someone was lying , right ? 
 `` you 're lying , '' i accused . 
 `` no , i 'm not , '' he said , his eyes still locked on the floor . 
 `` yes , you are , '' i insisted . 
 `` you ca n't even look at me . '' 
 he shook his head and looked at me with a tolerant expression . 
 `` there . 
 are you happy now ? '' 
 my dulled calmness abruptly faded , and a wave of panic and anger thundered through me . 
 i tugged and pulled and yanked my hand , desperately wanting to get the heck out of here . 
 i was n't sure where i 'd go , but how could i stay here after what he 'd just told me ? 
 all i wanted to do was get away and hide ; curl myself in a tiny little ball and cry until my eyes ran dry . 
 so i did the only thing i could think of to get him to let me go . 
 see , what i 'd learned about alex over the last few weeks was that he liked to be the one in control of the situation . 
 so what i needed to do was make him think he was losing the control . 
 there was only one thing i could think that might do that . 
 lie . 
 `` but i have been able to feel , '' i told him . 
 `` yeah , '' he said , unsurprised . 
 `` marco and sophia have been noticing a change in you over the last few months . 
 that 's one of the reasons why ailsin and i enrolled in school . 
 we were trying to figure out what had happened to cause the change . 
 and we were also keeping an eye on you . '' 
 that 's why they 'd shown up at my school . 
 i shook my head . 
 i was going to have to let go of that one for now , otherwise i 'd get sidetrack from my plan to escape . 
 `` that 's not what i meant . 
 i 've been able to feel for more than a few months . 
 awhile ago , i found a paper in one of sophia 's trunks that had this list of dates on it . '' 
 i caught a hint of understanding pass over his face , and i knew he knew what paper i was referring to . 
 `` after doing a lot of searching around , i finally figured out what it meant . '' 
 now i was going out on a limb here because i was n't sure if the list of dates had anything to do with any of this . 
 it was just a hunch i had , but i was going with it . 
 `` after that , the whole being-able-to-feel thing became simple for me . '' 
 i searched for a sign that he might be buying my lie . 
 at first , he looked completely lost . 
 then his expression shifted to anger . 
 a couple moments later , worry washed over his face . 
 i felt his grip loosen on my hand , and i seized the opportunity . 
 i yanked my hand as hard as i could . 
 it worked . 
 his hand fell off of mine , and i was on my feet in a heartbeat , bolting for the door , ignoring the pain tearing up my side . 
 `` i would n't do that if i were you , '' alex called out . 
 ignoring him , i threw open the door . 
 `` the death walkers will find you , '' he said . 
 i could hear him moving toward me , his footsteps scuffing lazily against the hardwood floor like he was so sure i was n't going to run away . 
 `` now that they know the stars in you , they 'll always be searching for you . '' 
 all i had to do was go . 
 leave . 
 find the front door and run my little heart out . 
 but my fear made me hesitate . 
 what if he was telling the truth ? 
 what if they did find me and i was all alone ? 
 what would happen to me ? 
 was it worth the risk ? 
 i turned to face him , my hand still clasped on the doorknob . 
 `` how can you be so sure they know i have the stars energy in me ? '' 
 `` oh trust me , they know . '' 
 he came to a stop in front of me . 
 `` after what happened on the bus , there 's no way they do n't . '' 
 i was trapped . 
 either i could run and risk the chance of getting killed by a bunch of hypothermic-inducing monsters , or i could stay here with alex , a liar who had caused me to suffer through most of my life as a walking emotionless corpse . 
 i stayed still , even when he set his hand on top of mine . 
 `` running away would be a very stupid thing to do , '' he said in a low voice . 
 `` do n't ever try to do it again . '' 
 i frowned as he removed my hand from the doorknob . 
 `` you were lying , were n't you ? 
 about being able to feel earlier than we 'd thought ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i stared at him impassively . 
 `` i know you were , '' he said . 
 `` if it were true then marco and sophia would have known . '' 
 `` would they ? '' 
 i twisted my hand out of his grip . 
 `` because she did n't seem to notice when i stole the list of dates from her trunk . '' 
 we stared at one another in silence . 
 i was n't sure what to believe . 
 and i had a feeling he felt the same way , which was exactly what i wanted . 
 i wanted him to feel as lost and confused as i was . 
 `` well , since this is going nowhere , i might as well go and call stephan , '' he suddenly announced . 
 i folded my arms across my chest . 
 `` fine . 
 do whatever you want . '' 
 `` i was planning on it . '' 
 he walked by me and waved for me to follow him . 
 even though i really , really did n't want to , i did . 
 chapter 15 alex led me down a hallway lined with doors , finally coming to a stop in front of a closed door at the very end of it . 
 my head was hurting so badly by this point , and my ribs were aching big time . 
 i felt more empty and alone than i 'd ever felt in my life . 
 although marco and sophia had never been that great of grandparents , they were still my grandparents . 
 and what they 'd done to me felt like the ultimate betrayal . 
 alex did n't open the door right away . 
 he just stood there , staring at it as if he were trying to compel it to open with his mind . 
 needless to say , it did n't open . 
 then , unexpectedly , he whirled around and faced me . 
 `` there 's is something else i need to tell you before we go in here , '' he blurted out . 
 i sighed `` what now ? '' 
 `` relax it 's not about you . 
 it 's about laylen , the guy who lives in this house '' he leaned against the door and crossed his arms . 
 `` he 's not exactly human . '' 
 `` what does that even mean ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` if he 's not human then what is he ? '' 
 `` well , '' he wavered , `` a few years ago he was bitten by a. . . 
 vampire . '' 
 i gaped at him . 
 `` so you 're saying he 's a vampire ? '' 
 was he kidding me ? 
 he moved away from the door and stepped toward me . 
 `` i know what you 're thinking . 
 that there 's no way vampires are real , but they 're about as real as the death walkers . '' 
 i pressed my lips together and stared down at the opposite end of the hallway , at a door with a small stained glass window on it . 
 light spilled through the glass , casting misshapen reflections across the floor and walls . 
 it had to be the front door . 
 and just on the other side of it was the desert . 
 the warm and sandy desert . 
 the complete opposite of where i 'd been no more than a few hours ago . 
 `` you 're not thinking about running away again ? '' 
 alex 's voice tore through my thoughts . 
 i turned my head back toward him . 
 `` no . '' 
 he cocked an eyebrow . 
 `` are you sure about that ? '' 
 `` yeah , i 'm sure '' i said , but i did n't sound very convincing . 
 he opened his mouth and started to say something but , changing his mind , clamped it closed again . 
 he 'd done that a lot over the last few hours-started to say something then stopped . 
 who did that reminded me of ? 
 hmm ... let me think . 
 how about marco and sophia . 
 coincidence ? 
 who knew ? 
 `` do i have to worry about him biting me ? '' 
 i asked tensely . 
 he laughed . 
 `` no , you do n't have to worry about him biting you . 
 since he was a keeper before he was changed , things work a little differently with him . 
 he 's more in control of his blood lust . '' 
 `` and what about vampires that are n't keepers to begin with ? 
 what are they like ? '' 
 he hesitated . 
 `` let 's just hope you do n't ever have to find out . '' 
 and with that , he opened up the door . 
 on the other side was a room that had the same red walls and ash-black hardwood flooring as the room we 'd just came from . 
 there were also bookshelves everywhere . 
 the only noticeable difference was a long mahogany table that trailed down the middle of the room . 
 and in one of the eight chairs bordering the table , sat aislin , staring down at her cell phone . 
 she immediately jumped to her feet when she saw us . 
 `` oh good . 
 i was just about to come get you . '' 
 she hurried over to alex and asked in a barely audible voice , `` did you get everything taken care of ? '' 
 `` yeah , '' alex 's bright green eyes flicked in my direction , `` i did . '' 
 aislin gave me a wary look before returning her attention back to alex. `` i ca n't get a hold of stephan . '' 
 she tapped her cell phone in the palm of her hand . 
 `` it goes straight to his voicemail . '' 
 `` that 's odd , '' alex mumbled . 
 `` did you try marco and sophia ? '' 
 the mentioning of marco and sophia made my stomach ping . 
 it should n't have hurt . 
 it really should n't have . 
 yet it did . 
 aislin nodded . 
 `` they did n't answer either . '' 
 `` where the heck could they be ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` they were n't going anywhere , were they ? '' 
 aislin shook her head . 
 `` not that i know of . '' 
 `` do you know if marco and sophia were going somewhere ? '' 
 alex asked me . 
 i gave him an are-you-kidding-me look . 
 `` yeah , because they tell me all the time what they 're doing . '' 
 alex frowned . 
 `` gemma , this is n't a joke . 
 it 's important . '' 
 `` oh , i know it 's not , '' i assured him . 
 `` i was being very , very serious . '' 
 he stared at me , clearly irritated . 
 i held his stare until the buzzing became too intense , and i had to turn my head away or else i 'd probably explode . 
 `` stare all you want , but i still do n't know where they are . '' 
 he heaved a frustrated sigh and looked back at aislin . 
 `` why would all of them not answer their phones ? 
 it does n't make any sense . '' 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 aislin twirled a strand of her golden blonde hair around her finger . 
 `` you do n't think that something happened to them , do you ? 
 like maybe the death walkers showed up at the house or something . '' 
 `` i highly doubt it . 
 the death walkers have no reason to go after them . 
 they want gemma . '' 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 lucky me . 
 `` and even if they did go to the house , '' alex said , starting to pace back and forth across the floor . 
 `` stephan can take care of himself . '' 
 `` of course he can . '' 
 a voice came up from behind me . 
 it belonged to a guy , that was a given . 
 and he sounded about as resentful as i felt . 
 `` because we all know stephan can do anything . '' 
 aislin 's gaze shot over my head . 
 `` laylen , please do n't start . 
 that 's the last thing we need right now . '' 
 i froze . 
 laylen , the vampire , standing right behind me . 
 slowly , i turned around , my stomach rolling with nervousness . 
 he was about five or six inches taller than me , which meant he was really tall-six foot four at least . 
 his blond hair swept across his forehead , the tips dyed a bright blue that matched the shade of his eyes . 
 a silver ring hooped the bottom of his dark red lips . 
 he wore a grey t-shirt , black jeans , and biker boots . 
 black symbols tattooed his forearm . 
 they looked like a foreign language of some kind . 
 greek maybe ? 
 his gaze dragged up me and came to a stop at my eyes . 
 `` you know the last time i saw you , you were maybe about four years old . 
 you 've grown up a lot since then . '' 
 i scrunched my forehead . 
 `` do i know you ? '' 
 he laughed , a very gentle , non-vampire sort of laugh . 
 `` yeah , kind of . '' 
 i forced a small smile . 
 okay ? 
 `` so , '' he said , directing his attention to alex , `` aislin said you got yourself into some trouble ? '' 
 `` i did n't get us into any trouble , '' alex corrected him . 
 `` so do n't get too excited . '' 
 `` that 's not what i was told . '' 
 the smug look laylen was giving alex made me wonder if there was some kind of bad history between them . 
 `` from what aislin said you - '' `` laylen , '' aislin hissed . 
 `` shut up . '' 
 alex folded his arms , and his glare sliced into aislin . 
 `` alright , so what have you been saying ? '' 
 she bit her lip , looking guilty as charged . 
 `` well , it 's just that i think ... maybe the little thing that happened between you and gemma on the bus was what helped the death walkers discover that the energy is hidden in her . '' 
 alex shook his head . 
 `` there 's no way that could have been the reason . '' 
 ailsin raised her eyebrows . 
 `` how can you be so sure ? '' 
 `` because i can , '' alex said easily . 
 `` there 's no reason that would have given her away . '' 
 by `` that '' did he mean our barely kiss . 
 i had to wonder since he 'd said it with such regret . 
 well , guess what ? 
 i regretted it to . 
 i swear i did . 
 well okay , whatever . 
 it was kind of a lie . 
 but i wished i was capable of regretting it , and that had to count for something , right ? 
 `` alex , you did n't see it from my point of view , '' aislin said . 
 `` from what i saw , it was far from ordinary . 
 the lights were flashing on and off while you two - '' `` alright , i get it , '' alex snapped . 
 `` wait a minute . '' 
 laylen held his hands up in front of him . 
 `` what exactly was it that you two did ? '' 
 was he joking ? 
 i did n't know him at all , so i could n't tell if he was being serious or not . 
 but it almost seemed like he was purposefully trying to cause trouble . 
 like he was trying to embarrass us . 
 and , let me tell you , if that 's what he was doing , then it was totally working . 
 i 'd never been one to get embarrassed easily , but i could feel my cheeks getting warm . 
 i squirmed around uncomfortably and fixed my gaze on the spot on the floor right in front of my feet . 
 `` it was nothing important . '' 
 alex 's tone was flat . 
 `` so you do n't need to worry about it . '' 
 a lumped swelled in my throat . 
 it felt like my heart had been ripped out and stomped on . 
 i wished it did n't feel that way , though . 
 it really should n't have felt that way . 
 after everything that had happened-after everything he 'd done . 
 but despite how much i wanted to hate alex-because , let 's face it , nine times out of ten he was a class a jerk-i could n't . 
 my feelings for him seemed to be out of my control . 
 `` i need a break , '' i announced . 
 `` i 'm going outside . '' 
 `` like hell you are , '' alex said . 
 `` i 'm not a little kid . '' 
 i stood up straight and raised my chin , hoping i appeared more confident than i actually felt . 
 `` if i want to go outside then i will . 
 i need some fresh air '' alex started toward me . 
 `` gemma - '' laylen stepped between us , creating a barrier . 
 `` how about i go out with her ? 
 that way she wo n't be alone . '' 
 his bright blue eyes locked on me . 
 `` that is , if you do n't mind ? '' 
 did i mind ? 
 he was a vampire , at least according to alex. it seemed like i should have felt untrusting toward him . 
 but honestly , at the moment , i could n't have cared less what he was or was n't . 
 i could n't see any blood thirst burning in his eyes or anything . 
 and i really , really wanted a break from alex. i shrugged . 
 `` nope . 
 i do n't mind . '' 
 `` fine . 
 do whatever you want . '' 
 alex waved his hand , dismissing us , and turned back to aislin . 
 `` let 's keep trying to get a hold of someone . 
 we really need to know what 's going on . '' 
 i heard aislin muttered something in reply , but did n't hear exactly what because i was already out the door . 
 outside , the deliciously warm desert air dusted my cheeks and swept through my hair . 
 the sky had shifted grey and the stars sparkled across it . 
 the sandy desert land drifted aimlessly in front of me , shadowed by the nightfall . 
 it was a relief not to have goose bumps speckling my skin . 
 it was nice to be able to breathe without seeing it cloud out in front of me . 
 it was so nice to be warm . 
 so , deciding i might as well enjoy the warmth , i shoved the reason i was here as far back into my mind as i could and tried to let myself relax . 
 i sat down on the cement steps and stretched my legs out in front of me . 
 the warm cement pressed through my jeans . 
 the porch light shined from behind me and casted laylen 's and mines shadows across the stairs below . 
 laylen seated himself beside me and leaned back on his elbows . 
 for awhile , we just sat there , gazing out at the desert , listening to the crickets chirping in the distance . 
 the stars were really dancing tonight , and i could clearly make out the constellation of cassiopeia . 
 i wondered if that 's where my fascination with stars came from . 
 perhaps , deep down inside me , i knew what i really was and that some bits and pieces of me belonged up there with them , not down here where i never truly felt like i 'd belonged . 
 `` so , '' laylen 's deep voice rang through the silence , `` how 's life been with marco and sophia ? '' 
 `` oh , just great , '' i replied , my tone bitterly sarcastic . 
 `` it 's been a real blast . '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` they never have been the most pleasant people to be around . '' 
 i swatted at a bug that landed on my elbow . 
 gross . 
 `` so you know them then ? '' 
 `` yeah , but i have n't seen them in really long time . '' 
 he stared off in the distance , looking like he was lost in a painful memory . 
 `` i have n't seen any of the keepers since ... '' he trailed off and looked at me . 
 `` alex told you what i was , did n't he ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` but it 's kind of hard to believe . 
 all of this is kind of hard to believe . '' 
 `` i imagine it would be . '' 
 his voice was sympathetic . 
 his blue eyes held such loneliness in them . 
 i propped my elbow on my knee and rested my chin in my hand . 
 `` so ... what exactly is it that makes you a vampire ? '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` well ... '' what was the correct way to ask someone how they were considered a creature of night ? 
 the living undead . 
 a blood thirsty monster . 
 `` i 've read a lot of books and everything . 
 nothing that was actually factual , though . 
 they all say different things about vampires , and i was just wondering which-or if any had some truth to them . '' 
 he rubbed his hand along his jaw line . 
 `` you want to know what it is that makes me a monster . 
 whether i bite , kill , or drink blood . 
 if i can run at an inhuman speed or have super strength ? '' 
 it sounded like such a stupid question when he put it that way . 
 i traced a circle in a patch of sand that was on the step i was sitting on . 
 `` i guess that 's what i 'm trying to ask . 
 well , minus the whole monster thing because i do n't think that . '' 
 he cocked an eyebrow . 
 `` you do n't think that i 'm a monster ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 it was n't a lie either . 
 i did n't know him or anything , but he definitely was n't sending out the whole i 'm - a-demon-and-i 'm - going-to-kill-you vibe . 
 he pressed his deep red lips together . 
 `` if that 's true then you 're probably the first to ever think that . '' 
 he gave a long pause . 
 `` the whole hungry-for-blood thing does n't apply to me . 
 i do n't drink blood . 
 i do n't kill . '' 
 `` but it applies to other vampires ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` other vampires are probably a lot like what you 've read . 
 and i 'm not talking about the ones who drink blood , and do it by killing animals . 
 they like to kill . '' 
 a chill crept down my spine . 
 `` why have n't i ever heard anything about them existing ? '' 
 i mean , if people were dying because their blood was being drained , you 'd think there 'd have been something mentioned on the news about it . 
 `` for the same reason you did n't know what you were . 
 people are excellent at keeping secrets . '' 
 `` yes , they are , '' i agreed . 
 he brushed his blue tipped hair away from his forehead . 
 `` i do have some traits that normal vampires have . 
 i 'm immortal . 
 i 'm stronger than the average person . 
 i have fangs . '' 
 i gaped at him . 
 `` you have fangs . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` they 're retractable and i do n't use them . 
 ever . '' 
 i could n't help but stare at his mouth . 
 i know staring is rude and everything , but i just could n't seem to look away . 
 the guy just told me he had retractable fangs for crying out loud . 
 how could i not stare ? 
 he laughed , and i got a full view of his flat , white teeth . 
 `` staring at them is n't going to bring them out . '' 
 i quickly turned my head away , feeling stupid . 
 could it be true ? 
 could i really be sitting in the desert next to a vampire , all while harboring the energy of a fallen star inside me ? 
 there was so much wrong with that statement , and yet , in a bizarre , twisted way , it felt right . 
 it felt true . 
 the howl of a coyote cut through the air , and i jumped . 
 `` i can also sense when a person 's afraid , '' laylen remarked . 
 `` i 'm not afraid , '' i told him . 
 `` i know . '' 
 he stood up and dusted off his jeans . 
 `` which makes you kind of weird . '' 
 i sighed . 
 `` weird seems to be my middle name . '' 
 he chuckled . 
 `` so it does . '' 
 everything seemed strange . 
 here i was , having barely discovered my life was a web of lies , and yet i still found myself able to laugh . 
 a quiet laugh , but nonetheless still a laugh . 
 i heard the front door creak open . 
 alex stepped out underneath the porch light with a displeased expression on his face . 
 `` you two having fun ? '' 
 what ? 
 i was n't allowed to laugh ? 
 well , i guess technically laughing was an emotion , but whatever . 
 i looked up at laylen , who winked at me before extending his hand out to help me up . 
 his hand felt cold against mine as he helped me to my feet . 
 truth to another myth , i wondered . 
 i let go of his hand and followed him up the stairs , where alex was waiting impatiently for us . 
 he shot laylen a glare as he walked by , but did n't even so much as give me the benefit of a scowl , staring out into the darkness as i stepped past him . 
 chapter 16 when we were back inside , alex informed us that he had n't been able to get a hold of anyone , which i found very odd . 
 i mean how was it that three people would n't be answering their phones at the exact same time ? 
 it could n't just be coincidental . 
 there was no way . 
 there had to be more to it . 
 and by the way alex looked-all stressed out and confused-i was guessing he felt about the same as i did . 
 i sat down at the table and watched alex pace back and forth across the room . 
 he continued to do so for awhile , not saying anything , and i was starting to grow restless . 
 i wished he 'd say something because the silence was driving me nuts . 
 finally i could n't take it anymore and decided to take matters into my own hands . 
 `` so what are we supposed to do now ? '' 
 aislin , who had parked herself in the chair across from mine , was tapping her cell phone anxiously on her knee-apparently , no one could sit still . 
 `` we try to find them . '' 
 alex stopped pacing and shook his head . 
 `` that 's easier said than done . '' 
 `` i 'm just trying to help , '' she said . 
 `` there 's no need to be rude . '' 
 `` did you two ever consider that maybe they do n't want you to get a hold of them ? '' 
 laylen asked . 
 alex tossed his phone down on the table . 
 it skidded across it and came to a stop just in front of me . 
 `` laylen , whatever it is you 're trying to say , just say it . '' 
 he crossed his arms and leaned back against one of the bookshelves , the muscles of his arms flexing beneath his shirt . 
 i had to admit the guy was cut . 
 i wonder if it had anything to do with him being a vampire . 
 vampires were supposed to be cut , were n't they ? 
 then again , alex was the same way so maybe it was a keeper thing-being perfectly built . 
 because , trust me , that 's what they both were . 
 my gaze wandered over to alex. the sleeves of his long sleeve grey shirt were pushed up , the muscles of his forearms visible . 
 i wondered what it would feel like to have those arms wrapped around me . 
 suddenly i realized alex was staring at me . 
 why was he staring at me ? 
 because i was staring at him . 
 he cocked an eyebrow and gave me a curious look . 
 i quickly looked away . 
 i was such an idiot . 
 here i was , in the middle of a chaotic mess , my life in danger , and all i could do was stare at alex 's muscles . 
 `` you want to know what i think , '' laylen said . 
 `` i do n't think it 's just a coincidence that stephan , marco , and sophia are all unreachable at the exact same time all hell breaks loose . 
 there 's got to be more to it than that . '' 
 he moved away from the shelf and walked over to alex. `` for all we know , they could be working with demetrius and the death walkers . '' 
 `` why would they be working with the death walkers ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` gemma just ignore him , '' alex said , glaring at laylen . 
 `` why should i ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` from what i know , there are two liars in this room . 
 and he 's not one of them . '' 
 laylen pressed his lips together to hold back a grin . 
 aislin frowned , looking hurt . 
 and alex sauntered over toward me , a cynical smile on his face as he leaned across the table and looked me right in the eyes . 
 he kept his voice low , making my body hum . 
 `` i 'm not sure what 's bringing on this new attitude of yours , but you know what ? 
 i think i kind of like it . 
 it makes things more interesting . '' 
 he was mocking me . 
 i got that . 
 but i could n't seem to think of anything to throw back at him . 
 my brain had spaced out on me . 
 stupid brain . 
 he backed away from the table , looking disappointed . 
 `` maybe we should go back to afton and check up on things , '' aislin suggested . 
 `` there might be something back at the house that could help us figure out where they are . '' 
 alex stared at her , dumfounded . 
 `` are you crazy ? 
 there 's no way we 're taking gemma back there . 
 it 's too dangerous . '' 
 `` what ? 
 am i never going back there ? '' 
 i sounded upset . 
 but really , i do n't know why . 
 escaping the snowy mountains was what i 'd always wanted , right ? 
 but i had never pictured i 'd have to leave because my life was in danger . 
 `` you ca n't go back . 
 not when the death walkers know what you are . '' 
 he arched an eyebrow at me . 
 `` does that upset you or something ? '' 
 i considered this , thinking about going back to the mountains , to the snow , to living with marco and sophia again . 
 i shrugged . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i guess not , but where am i going to go ? '' 
 alex dragged his fingers through his dark brown hair . 
 `` that 's a question only stephan can answer . '' 
 what was it about this stephan ? 
 and why could he make decisions about my life ? 
 i was eighteen years old after all , which was old enough that i could be living by myself . 
 yeah , i understood that i was carrying around a precious , world saving star 's energy inside me , but that did n't mean my life should n't be my own . 
 `` i do n't think - '' i started . 
 alex talked over me . 
 `` we need to get a hold of them . '' 
 he picked his cell phone up from the table and checked the screen . 
 `` otherwise , we 're lost . '' 
 `` well ... '' aislin tapped her phone against her chin . 
 `` what we could do is leave gemma here with laylen while you and i go back . '' 
 alex scowled at her . 
 `` there 's no way in hell i 'm leaving her alone with him . '' 
 laylen laughed , but it was a laugh underlined with hurt . 
 `` what ? 
 am i not even considered a person anymore ? '' 
 alex 's pause lasted one second too long . 
 i could feel the tension bubbling , about to erupt . 
 `` that 's not what i was trying to say , '' alex said very unconvincingly . 
 `` i 'm just worried something might happen while i 'm gone , and you would n't be able to protect her . '' 
 laylen rolled his eyes . 
 `` that 's a bunch of crap . 
 i 'm just as capable of protecting her as you are , and you know it . 
 you just do n't trust me . '' 
 they stared at one another like two angry dogs about to break out in a fight . 
 then , to make things worse , laylen added , `` i just might be even more capable than you . '' 
 for a second i thought they might kill each other . 
 i had the feeling that there was more to their fight then what was being said . 
 like maybe something had happened in the past . 
 i mean , there had to be more to their little argument than who was more qualified to protect me . 
 if they did end up fighting each other , considering laylen was a vampire , i 'd say the odds were in his favor . 
 and as much as alex had pissed me off , i really did n't want to watch him get hurt . 
 plus , it would have been a great tragedy for that gorgeous face of his to get messed up . 
 i looked at aislin , hoping she 'd do something to stop it . 
 but she was chewing on a strand of her hair , staring down at the table . 
 so i guess i was on my own . 
 `` so do i not get a say in any of this ? '' 
 i said in a voice loud enough to break the tension . 
 laylen and alex tore their eyes away from one another , and i had to hover back from the burning anger in their faces that was all of a sudden being directed at me . 
 losing some of my confidence , my voice quieted a little . 
 `` it 's my life so i think i should have some say in this , right ? '' 
 `` no , '' alex said . 
 `` you do n't get a say in any of this . '' 
 my anger boiled . 
 so this was how it was going to be from now on ? 
 i would n't get a say in anything ? 
 after what my life had been-or had n't been i guess i should say-i thought i should be allowed to have some say . 
 i deserved at least that much . 
 i clenched my hands into fists , almost regretting that i 'd interrupted the fight between laylen and him . 
 shrugging off my death stare , alex turned to aislin . 
 `` can you get us to afton and back quickly ? '' 
 she raised her chin with confidence . 
 `` of course i can . '' 
 `` then fine . 
 we 'll leave her here with laylen . '' 
 he aimed his finger at laylen , `` but if anything happens to her , it 's on you . '' 
 laylen rolled his eyes . 
 `` nothing 's going to happen to her . '' 
 `` i 'll believe that when i see it , '' alex said . 
 another eye roll from laylen . 
 `` thanks for the confidence . '' 
 `` i have to go back into the library and grab my candle and crystal , '' aislin announced . 
 `` then we can go . '' 
 i cocked my head to the side . 
 `` crystal ? 
 what crystal ? '' 
 `` the one i used on the bus to transport us here , '' she explained . 
 `` it 's how i 'm going to get us back to afton . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 okay , now i remembered . 
 all too painfully remembered . 
 the purple amethyst , the burning candle , the glowing yellow eyes . 
 i shivered . 
 she started to get to her feet , but then dropped back down in the chair , smacking her hand on her forehead . 
 `` crap . 
 crap crap . 
 i completely forgot that the death walkers ' ice ruined it . 
 we were lucky just to make it here . '' 
 `` there 's no way you can do it without a crystal ? '' 
 alex asked . 
 `` no . '' 
 she wrapped a strand of her hair around her finger , thinking . 
 `` well , there are other ways , but i have n't learned how to do them yet . '' 
 the room grew silent , except for the cracking sound alex ' knuckles made as he popped them . 
 laylen twisted his lip ring from side to side . 
 `` what kind of crystal is it ? '' 
 `` the one the looks like an amethyst . '' 
 she propped up her elbow on the table and let her chin fall into her hand . 
 `` now what are we going to do ? '' 
 `` is it a vectum crystal ? '' 
 laylen asked . 
 aislin raised her chin out of her hand , a hopeful expression on her face . 
 `` do you have one ? '' 
 `` no , but i know where we can get one . '' 
 he gestured over his shoulder at the window . 
 `` there 's this place in vegas that sells things like that . 
 i bet they 'd have one . '' 
 alex shook his head . 
 `` no . 
 no way . 
 there is no way we 're taking gemma into vegas . 
 it 's way too dangerous . '' 
 `` so i ca n't go to vegas . 
 and i ca n't go home , '' i said , counting down on my fingers . 
 `` is there anywhere i can go ? '' 
 `` not really . '' 
 i glared at him , but he did n't even so much as blink . 
 he placed his hands on the table , leaned toward me , and spoke in a low voice that made my body hum . 
 `` do you have to argue about everything ? '' 
 i ignored the flutter my heart did . 
 stupid , betraying heart . 
 `` maybe . '' 
 `` alex , can we please just go get the crystal and get this taken care of , '' aislin begged . 
 `` sitting here and arguing about it is n't going to get us anywhere . '' 
 he shook his head , his green eyes fixed solely on me . 
 `` i said it 's too dangerous for gemma to go . '' 
 i took an exasperated breath . 
 `` please stop say - '' he placed his hand across my mouth . 
 my lips sparkled underneath his warm , electric skin . 
 god , it felt good . 
 way too good . 
 mind numbingly good . 
 i was supposed to be mad at him ... was n't i ? 
 `` it 's too dangerous . '' 
 his voice flowed out like velvet . 
 for a brief second , i had this really strange thought . 
 what if things were different ? 
 what if he was n't a keeper and i was carrying a world saving star inside me ? 
 what if we 'd met under normal circumstances ? 
 what if i was allowed to have those kinds of feelings for him ? 
 the ones that i was feeling right now , but knew i was n't supposed to be feeling . 
 would things have been different between us ? 
 maybe . 
 or maybe i 'd have been just a silly girl with a crush and ended up with a broken heart . 
 alex really did seem like the heartbreaking type . 
 blinking myself back to reality , i shoved his hand away from my mouth . 
 he looked momentarily stunned , blinking a few times , like he was just waking up from a dream . 
 `` alex , going into vegas is n't any more dangerous than sitting around here , '' laylen pointed out . 
 `` in fact , we 'll be on the move so it might even be safer . '' 
 alex backed away from the table and turned to laylen . 
 `` are you sure about that ? '' 
 laylen shook his head and sighed . 
 `` look , this place is very low key . 
 we 'll go straight there and straight back . 
 trust me , there wo n't be any problems . '' 
 alex deliberated this . 
 `` you promise you wo n't try to make any other stops . 
 just straight there and straight back ? '' 
 laylen stared at him incredulously . 
 `` are you kidding me ? 
 where else is it that you think i 'm going to try and take us ? 
 mcdonalds ? 
 walmart ? 
 oh , wait a minute , i do need to make a quick stop by the cemetery . '' 
 trying to choke back a laugh , i ended up letting out a snort . 
 i had to give the guy props . 
 he was pretty funny . 
 alex shot me a dirty look . 
 `` what ? 
 you think this is funny ? '' 
 i choked back another laugh , luckily without snorting this time , and shook my head . 
 laylen did laugh , though . 
 and aislin sighed , dropping her head down on the table in an i-am-so-over-this way . 
 `` well , i 'm glad you two find this so funny . '' 
 alex grabbed a hold of the back of a chair , his gaze pressing into me . 
 `` do n't underestimate the death walkers , gemma . 
 they will kill you if they get the chance . '' 
 i swallowed the huge lump that had wiggled its way up my throat . 
 a blanket of fear wrapped its way around my body . 
 he was right . 
 it was n't funny . 
 `` alex , knock it off , '' aislin warned . 
 `` you 're scaring her . '' 
 `` good , '' he said . 
 `` she should be scared . '' 
 after that , all arguments came to a halt . 
 the decision to go to vegas was made with the stipulation that there would be no stopping except to get the crystal . 
 because of the whole glass-stabbing-into-my-side thing , ailsin insisted i needed to change before we left . 
 apparently , there was no way i could go anywhere with blood all over my shirt . 
 it was a fairly small spot , but whatever . 
 i was tired of arguing . 
 i guess alex and aislin use to take frequent visits to laylen 's house , and aislin had a room packed with a bunch of her stuff , including clothes . 
 i was skeptical about wearing anything that belonged to aislin . 
 i mean , her whole wardrobe was so ... pink . 
 but right now , i guess fashion was n't important . 
 then again , was it ever ? 
 the room she took me back to looked just like a normal girl 's room should look ; pink floral patterned wallpaper , rose colored carpet , a white four post bed covered with tons of fluffy pillows . 
 aislin marched up to an armoire in the corner and threw open the doors . 
 `` the only problem is you 're about five inches taller than me , '' she said , assessing the selection of clothes hanging up . 
 `` but i guess we 'll just have to make something work . '' 
 i dropped down on the bed . 
 `` so you guys used to come here a lot ? '' 
 she took out a pink t-shirt and tossed it on the bed beside me . 
 `` yeah , this house actually used to belong to laylen 's parents , and we used to come up here to take a break from everything . '' 
 she threw a glittery scarf onto the bed . 
 a scarf ? 
 we were in the desert for crying out loud . 
 `` things change , though . '' 
 she sighed , staring down at the pair of jeans she was holding in her hand . 
 `` we have n't been up here in a really long time . '' 
 there was such sadness in the way she said it , and it made me wondered why they 'd stopped coming up here . 
 but i did n't ask . 
 she started rummaging through the clothes again , every once and awhile tossing something onto the bed . 
 covering the walls was an array of photos . 
 i got up and walked around , looking at them . 
 one in particular caught my attention . 
 it was of laylen , standing out in the desert , his arm wrapped around aislin 's shoulder in an affectionate way that gave the impression they might have been a couple once . 
 next to laylen , stood alex , and cuddling up him was a pretty blonde-haired girl . 
 all of them were smiling . 
 they looked so happy . 
 it made my heart hurt a little . 
 happy . 
 had i ever felt it ? 
 `` that was taken a couple of years ago , '' ailsin said . 
 i tore my eyes off of the photo and found her watching me . 
 `` i think i was about fourteen or so , '' she said . 
 `` so about five years ago . '' 
 i did the math and something did n't add up . 
 `` wait . 
 how old are you ? '' 
 `` nineteen . '' 
 she tossed a skirt onto the bed . 
 `` alex is actually twenty . 
 we lied about our ages so we could enroll in school . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 the saying liar , liar , pants on fire ran through my head . 
 everything was a lie . 
 even something as simple as their age . 
 it made me question how many more lies i was in store for . 
 `` what about laylen ? 
 how old is he ? '' 
 `` well , he would 've been twenty-two , but after he got ... um ... '' she drifted off and then shook her head . 
 but i knew what she was going to say . 
 before he got bit . 
 `` but yeah , he 's stuck at nineteen now so ... '' she tossed a shirt onto the bed , then came over and stared down at the pile of clothes with a look of sheer determination on her face . 
 `` okay , let see if any of these fit you . '' 
 spotting a black t-shirt at the top of the pile , i snatched it up immediately . 
 aislin sighed . 
 `` gemma , would it kill you to wear colors that are n't so depressing . '' 
 `` it might . '' 
 she sighed again . 
 `` fine . 
 but could you at least wear a skirt or something ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` i hate skirts . '' 
 `` you know , when you were little , you used to run around in dresses all the time . '' 
 i stared at her , confused . 
 `` i do n't remember this ? '' 
 her bright green eyes went wide . 
 she 'd said something she was n't supposed to . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 `` nothing . '' 
 she quickly shook her head . 
 `` it 's nothing . '' 
 she started to search through the pile of clothes again . 
 `` it 's something . '' 
 i stood up , hugging the black t-shirt to my chest `` whatever it is , you need to tell me . 
 it 's not fair that - '' she cut me off , shoving a pair of denim shorts at me . 
 `` gemma . 
 please just drop it . '' 
 `` how do you expect me to - '' `` please , '' she said in a quiet , but firm , voice . 
 i grinded my teeth and snatched the pair of shorts out of her hand . 
 `` fine . '' 
 i turned for the door , but stopped just short of it . 
 `` where should i change ? '' 
 `` there 's a bathroom down the hallway . 
 third door on the right . '' 
 dazed , and a little out of it , i ended up passing the bathroom and had to retrace my steps . 
 but eventually i found it . 
 aislin 's strange behavior , after she 'd said that i used to run around in dresses , had me puzzled . 
 i could n't figure out why she 'd freaked out . 
 why was it so bad for her to mention i liked wearing dresses when i was a child ? 
 for now , though , all i could do was wonder . 
 so that i did n't tear my stitches open , i had to be careful as i slipped out of my blood-stained shirt and pulled on the black tee . 
 but when i went to tug the shorts on , i realized the `` shorts '' aislin had given me were n't shorts at all , but a denim skirt . 
 by accident , i think not . 
 i might have loved to wear dresses when i was little , but that did n't mean i did now . 
 i stuck my tongue out at the skirt before reluctantly putting it on . 
 when i 'd finished getting dressed , i splashed some cold water on my face in a pathetic attempt to bring myself out of this dream i was sure i was stuck in . 
 vampires , witches , and secret groups who saved the world were n't supposed to exist . 
 they could n't exist . 
 there was no way . 
 it was all too unreal-too science fiction . 
 they key word here being `` fiction . '' 
 but after i 'd patted my face dry and opened my eyes , the same navy blue walls of laylen 's bathroom still surrounded me . 
 i glanced into the mirror hanging above the sink and sighed at the sight of my freakishly violet eyes staring back at me . 
 i wondered if it was the star 's energy that had created the color . 
 how was i supposed to know how much of my reflection was me ? 
 and how much of it was the stars ? 
 a knock at the door startled me . 
 `` gemma , are you ready to go ? '' 
 aislin asked . 
 i blinked one last time at my reflection before turning away from it . 
 chapter 17 laylen drove a 1960 's black pontiac gto with white racing stripes streaming down the middle of the hood . 
 apparently , he and alex had this thing for classic cars . 
 something i picked up on during a very brief guy bonding moment between the two of them , when alex had first seen the `` beautiful '' car . 
 i was starting to figure out that guys were kind of weird . 
 but anyway ... their bonding moment quickly came and passed , and a few minutes later , we were driving down the dirt road with nothing more than the roar of the tires to fill the silence . 
 laylen 's house was located in the middle of nowhere , so it took awhile just to get to the freeway . 
 i was sitting in the back seat , watching the stars streak across the sky in shades of violet and silver . 
 alex had insisted that no one else could sit beside me but him , muttering something about it being safer that way in case the death walkers tried to ambush us or something . 
 but being in the back seat of a two-door vehicle during an ambush-i could see no advantage to the seating arrangement whatsoever . 
 to make things even more complicated , being confined in the car was causing the electricity to crackle like a wildfire . 
 my skin was getting hot and sweaty , and i felt like i was burning up with a fever . 
 fortunately , i discovered that , even in the desert , the air cooled during the night and chilled the windows . 
 i had my cheek resting against the glass , on the verge of falling asleep , when alex asked , `` what are you doing ? '' 
 `` trying to sleep , '' i mumbled crankily . 
 `` you look like you 're burning up , '' he remarked . 
 i heard him shift in the seat , and the next thing i knew he 'd pressed the palm of his hand to my forehead . 
 it sent a shot of heat through my already burning up body , causing me to jump . 
 great . 
 it was so freaking hot-the last thing i needed was for him to touch me . 
 i turned my head to look at him . 
 he 'd narrowed the distance between us so drastically that , even through the darkness , i could see his eyes assessing me over . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 i asked , raising my face away from the window . 
 `` checking if you have a fever . '' 
 `` i do n't have a fever , '' i argued , sliding my forehead out from under his hand . 
 but his hand followed me . 
 he dragged it gently along my temple , letting it come to rest on my cheek . 
 `` you 're skin feels really warm . '' 
 `` that 's because i am warm , '' i said , my voice sharp . 
 `` and you touching me just makes it worse . '' 
 i tilted my face and his hand fell to his lap . 
 `` you 're too hot . '' 
 as soon as i said it , i immediately wanted to slap myself on the forehead . 
 you 're too hot . 
 what it wrong with you gemma ? 
 `` i-i did n't mean it like that , '' i stammered . 
 and i really did n't . 
 i swear . 
 it did n't matter , though . 
 it was too late . 
 the damage had already been done . 
 the corners of his mouth tugged upward into a beautiful , yet smug , smile . 
 `` i 'm too hot , huh ? '' 
 `` oh , shut up . '' 
 through the darkness , i fixed him with my angriest glare . 
 `` you know that 's not what i meant . '' 
 `` do i ? '' 
 his eyebrow teased upward . 
 i shook my head , frustrated . 
 the last thing i needed was for him to think i had some kind of crush on him . 
 because i did n't . 
 i swear . 
 well , fine . 
 whatever . 
 but he did n't need to know that . 
 `` what i meant to say was your skin feels too hot . '' 
 `` okay , whatever you say . '' 
 i heaved an angry breath . 
 `` you are such a - '' i snapped my jaw shut as the city suddenly blistered over the horizon . 
 the sight was breathtaking . 
 flashy neon lights of every shape and color dazzled so vibrantly against the blackness of the night that i wondered if staring at it for a long length of time would make me go blind . 
 giant billboards lit up the sides of the road , and uniquely shaped buildings stretched godly toward the sky . 
 as we emerged closer to the city , the sidewalks became packed with mobs of people , the air buzzing with excitement . 
 now i understood why its nickname had been deemed the city that never sleeps . 
 everything was so alive and awake . 
 awestruck by the sight , i pinched my arm to make sure i was n't dreaming and winced from the sting i undeniably felt . 
 alex must have seen me do it , because he leaned over and whispered , `` you 're not dreaming . 
 it 's real . '' 
 i rubbed the pinched spot on my arm . 
 `` i was just making sure . '' 
 he smiled . 
 clearly , i was entertaining him . 
 we drove by a massive glass pyramid , a giant pirate ship , and a small replica of the eiffel tower , finally hitting the heart of the city . 
 laylen made an unexpected veer to the right , and the atmosphere abruptly shifted . 
 the lights faded away , and the crowds of people thinned out . 
 the buildings shrank from the sky , looking worn out and less exciting . 
 i caught aislin reaching over and locking her door . 
 the place was definitely sketchy . 
 i chewed nervously on my bottom lip and scooted away from the window to distance myself as much as i could from the outside . 
 `` you do realize it 's almost one o'clock , '' aislin informed laylen . 
 back at the house , while i 'd been in the bathroom changing my clothes , she 'd changed as well , now wearing a frilly skirt and a lacy trimmed camisole . 
 on her shoulder blade was a tattoo of a crescent moon outlined by a black star . 
 `` is this place even going to be open so late ? '' 
 laylen flipped the signal light on . 
 `` yeah , it 'll be open . 
 it 's only open at night . '' 
 what kind of place was only open at night ? 
 probably one as creepy as the street we were on . 
 laylen made another turn , this time to the left , and any sign of life died instantaneously . 
 not a single person was in sight . 
 the buildings looked dead , broken , and old , most of the windows boarded up . 
 and as laylen slowed the gto to a crawl , all i could think was , yes , of course this is the street we 're stopping on . 
 we could n't have just stopped back in the land of the living , where the lights shined bright , and it did n't feel like as soon as i stepped out of the car someone was going to jump out and stab me with a knife . 
 or jump out and freeze me to death . 
 i choked on the last thought . 
 laylen parked the car in front of a gloomy building with dingy windows and the words angels fortress of tattoos and piercing painted sloppily across the window . 
 no lights were on inside it or in any of the nearby buildings . 
 the only proof of human existence was when a person wearing a black hooded jacket , cargo pants , and army boots , darted out in front of the car , scurried down the street , and disappeared down a dark alleyway . 
 i 'm not going to lie ; it scared me so badly i seriously about peed my pants . 
 alex leaned in toward me . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 `` umm ... '' did he just ask if i was okay ? 
 he even sounded like he was being sincere , which was weird . 
 `` yeah , i think so . '' 
 laylen turned off the engine , and the radio and the lights shut off . 
 everything got very quiet and very dark . 
 `` are you sure you 're okay ? '' 
 alex asked me again , his voice low and deep . 
 `` because you look scared . '' 
 `` i 'm not , '' i lied , clicking my seatbelt loose . 
 `` you do n't have to be scared , '' he whispered in my ear . 
 the heat of his breath made me shiver in a good way . 
 i hated that it made me shiver in a good way . 
 `` i promise i wo n't let anything happen to you . '' 
 huh ? 
 what was with the sudden nice guy act ? 
 maybe the electricity was becoming too much for him too and was messing with his head or something . 
 `` okay , '' i said , sounding confused . 
 and trust me , i was confused . 
 aislin scanned the ominous buildings surrounding us . 
 `` so which one is it ? '' 
 laylen did n't reply , his eyes glued to the front window as he fiddle with his lip ring . 
 aislin turned and looked at him . 
 `` laylen , which one is it ? '' 
 when he finally spoke , his words dragged out . 
 `` it 's none of them . '' 
 alex slid forward in the seat and rested his arms on the console . 
 `` what do you mean , it 's none of them ? '' 
 `` i mean it 's none of them . '' 
 laylen dropped his fingers from his lip ring . 
 `` i needed to make an extra stop . '' 
 oh boy . 
 here we go . 
 alex had been very specific about going straight there and straight back . 
 and now , here we were , taking a detour . 
 i squeezed my eyes shut and massaged the side of my temples , waiting for all hell to break loose . 
 `` what ! '' 
 alex shouted , slamming his fist down on the console . 
 `` i thought i told you we were n't supposed to stop anywhere else ! '' 
 laylen slid the keys out of the ignition and kept his voice calm . 
 `` before you start freaking out , here me out first . 
 trust me , you 'll want what i stopped for . '' 
 `` trust you ? '' 
 alex let out a cynical laugh . 
 `` are you kidding me ? '' 
 he made a gestured at the window . 
 `` i already trusted you and look where it got us . '' 
 for a moment , no one said anything . 
 i could hear dogs howling in the distance , and a loud bang , like a garbage can toppling over , echoed through the air . 
 alex tossed his hands in the air . 
 `` fine . 
 what did we stop for ? '' 
 laylen tapped his fingers on top of the steering wheel . 
 `` the sword of immortality . '' 
 one ... two ... three seconds ticked by . 
 `` dammit laylen ! '' 
 alex exclaimed . 
 `` you 've had it all this time . '' 
 whatever this sword of immortality was had to be something important . 
 it was obviously a sword-duh-but what kind of sword ? 
 an immortal one ? 
 that did n't make any sense . 
 how could a sword be immortal ? 
 `` had it , '' laylen corrected him . 
 `` i lost it during a poker game a few months ago . '' 
 alex grinded his teeth . 
 `` so let me get this straight . 
 you stole it from us just so you could lose it . '' 
 `` i took it for a good reason , '' laylen said . 
 `` i did n't want to leave it in the keepers hands after i turned immortal . '' 
 he paused . 
 `` you know this is why i did n't want to tell you about to begin with . 
 i knew you 'd overreact . '' 
 `` i 'm not overacting . '' 
 alex flopped back in the seat . 
 `` you did n't just take something insignificant like a car . 
 you took the sword of immortality . '' 
 no one spoke . 
 no one so much as utter a word . 
 feeling as though i might burst from the drawn-out silence , i asked , `` what 's the sword of immortality ? '' 
 `` exactly what it sounds like-a sword that can kill an immortal , '' alex said , clearly still aggravated . 
 `` and it would have been real handy to have while we were on the bus being attacked by death walkers . '' 
 i gaped at him . 
 `` the death walkers are immortal . '' 
 no one had ever mentioned that . 
 alex dragged his fingers through his hair and nodded . 
 `` the sword is one of the few things that can kill them . '' 
 i shuddered at the thought . 
 `` so back on the bus , when we were being attack , you could n't have killed them ? '' 
 alex shook his head . 
 `` nope . '' 
 my eyes widened as the reality of the fact that , only a few hours ago , i could have very easily died . 
 `` so how do we get it back ? '' 
 alex asked , his voice still ringing hotly . 
 `` well , it 's inside there , in a display case on the second floor . '' 
 laylen pointed at an old brick building . 
 `` it 's unguarded and everything . 
 the only problem i can think of that we might run into is breaking into the display case . 
 it does n't just have a normal lock you can pick . 
 in fact , i do n't think it even has a lock , and i 'm pretty sure breaking the glass would set off an alarm . '' 
 ailsin bounced up and down in her seat . 
 `` i might know a spell that would work . '' 
 alex leaned forward and held up his hand . 
 `` hold on just a second . 
 first , i need to know where here is ? '' 
 laylen did n't reply , staring off of at the brick building he 'd pointed at early . 
 `` laylen , '' aislin said . 
 `` where are we exactly ? '' 
 laylen let out a tired sigh . 
 `` the black dungeon . '' 
 alex cursed a sequence of to-inappropriate-to-repeat words , and then stared pensively at the building laylen wanted us to go into to get the sword . 
 `` aislin , how quickly do you think you could do the spell ? '' 
 `` i 'll do it as quickly as i can , '' she told him . 
 `` but there 's no guarantee on how fast i can get it unlocked . 
 magic takes time . 
 you know that . '' 
 alex pointed a finger at me . 
 `` you 'll have to make sure and stay by me at all times . '' 
 `` i already made that promise to you back at the house , '' i reminded him . 
 `` yes , but it 's more important now . '' 
 he paused , his expression shifting from anger to worry . 
 `` there are things in there that are very ... dangerous . '' 
 my heart thrummed loudly . 
 `` what kind of things ? '' 
 he rubbed the back of his neck tensely . 
 `` things that are-you know , maybe you and i should just wait in the car . '' 
 `` i 'd rather not . '' 
 my gaze drifted to the building and then to the dark alley trailing to the side of it . 
 `` this place gives me the creeps . '' 
 `` i do n't think she 's going to be any safer sitting out here than she would be inside . '' 
 laylen shoved the keys in his pocket . 
 `` this neighborhood is pretty unsafe . '' 
 alex glanced around , like he was assessing the danger . 
 `` fine , but we need to make sure we hurry . '' 
 as laylen and aislin open their doors , i thought i heard him mutter , `` this is such a bad idea . '' 
 i should 've guessed we 'd end up having to walk down a dark alley to get to the entrance of the black dungeon . 
 why would n't we , since the idea of having to made me shiver . 
 the only light came from the moon illuminating the puddles that spotted the asphalt . 
 i did n't even want to know what the puddles were , seeing is how it had n't been raining . 
 the air reeked of mold and wet dog . 
 the garbage cans spilled over , oozing the ground with papers and boxes and filth that crunched beneath my shoes as i walked . 
 it was gross . 
 laylen lead us through the mess and stopped in front of a rusty metal door . 
 alex stood closely by my side , arms folded , very i 'm - your-bodyguard style . 
 the electricity was gyrating , but at least we were in open air now , making it less smothering and almost tolerable . 
 almost . 
 laylen held up his fist to the door . 
 `` are we ready ? '' 
 `` probably not , '' alex grumbled , waving his hand at the door . 
 `` but go ahead . '' 
 laylen let his hand fall against the door and waited a minute before knocking again . 
 a couple of seconds later , a small flap at the top of the door slid open , and a pair of dark eyes peered out . 
 `` what 's the password , '' a deep voice rumbled . 
 laylen raised his forearm up to the flap , showing it to the pair of eyes . 
 `` very well , '' the voice grunted . 
 a soft click and then the door swung open . 
 i 'm not sure what i 'd expected to see standing behind that door , but i know what i had n't expected to see . 
 a man , barely my height with bony arms and greased back hair , standing in a small , dimly lit room that had nothing but a metal fold-up chair to accompany it . 
 laylen greeted the little man with a nod . 
 `` doug . '' 
 the man-aka doug-muttered an unfriendly , `` hey . '' 
 i stared quizzically at doug , trying to figure out how he 'd obtained a job as a bouncer or guard or whatever the title was for this place-i was n't really sure , since i was still confused about what kind of place the black dungeon was . 
 dangerous obviously-alex had established that back at the car . 
 but what i was about to walk into , i did n't have a clue . 
 and that , i admit , terrified me to my very core . 
 doug glowered at me with his dark eyes . 
 apparently , he was a firm believer in the whole staring-is-rude thing . 
 alex gently nudged me in the back with his elbow , urging me to get a move on . 
 i turned my attention away from doug and focused on laylen . 
 there was only one door in the room , and laylen strolled up to it and jerked it open . 
 a slender hallway extended out the other side . 
 black lanterns hung from the dusky walls , illuminating a trail of light across the stone floor and arched brick ceiling . 
 laylen and ailsin started down the hallway , and i stepped through the doorway after them , alex following closely behind me . 
 the air stuck damply to my skin as we zigzagged farther and farther down the hall . 
 with every noise , my sense of fear heightened . 
 i could feel my heart pounding inside my chest , anxiously anticipating what was waiting at the end . 
 as i passed by one of the lanterns hanging on the wall , i noticed it had the same black symbols that were tattooed on laylen 's forearm . 
 when i got a chance-which hopefully i made it out of this place alive to get a chance-i 'd have to ask him what the symbols meant . 
 music was reverberating from somewhere , a low beat that grew louder the farther down the hallway we got , until it thumped so loudly it vibrated the floors and rattled the lanterns . 
 `` this was such a stupid idea , '' alex mumbled from behind me . 
 `` so stupid . '' 
 i peeked over my shoulder at him , and he met my gaze . 
 hatred was not shining from his bright green eyes like it normally did whenever he looked at me . 
 nope . 
 nothing but worry filled them . 
 he was scared . 
 so was i. i bit down on my bottom lip and kept walking . 
 laylen took us around a corner and a door popped into view . 
 it looked like an ordinary door , but i had a feeling that whatever was on the other side of it was anything but ordinary . 
 `` okay . '' 
 laylen rubbed his hands together . 
 `` is everybody ready for this ? '' 
 no one responded . 
 aislin and i both shared the same dumbfounded expression . 
 alex looked annoyed . 
 were we ready ? 
 ready for what , exactly ? 
 i tugged down on the hem of my skirt while ailsin straightened up her posture . 
 alex casted a glance back down the hall , bumping his shoulder into mine and erupting a fire underneath my skin . 
 i was getting good at hiding my reaction , though . 
 i did n't even gasp . 
 `` let 's hurry up and get this over with , '' alex said . 
 laylen nodded , turned the doorknob , and the door creaked open . 
 it was a club . 
 like an actual full-on dancing club . 
 and except for the gothic trend that seemed to be everywhere , everything seemed totally normal . 
 i could n't see anything slimy , glowing , or dead . 
 i had to admit part of me had expected to walk in and find the whole place packed with demons and monster of all shapes , sizes , and colors , feeding off humans or something . 
 but nope , that did n't seem to be the case . 
 dangling from the ceiling were the same black lanterns that had lit up the hall . 
 people were crammed on the dance floor , swaying hypnotically to the low beat of nirvana 's `` you know you 're right . '' 
 scarlet lights sparkled across the midnight marble floor . 
 black curtains draped across the upstairs balcony . 
 dark clothing trended the room-nearly everyone was dressed in some form of black . 
 laylen , alex , and i blended fine with the gothic ambience ; alex in his dark grey t-shirt and black jeans , laylen all in black , and me in my black t-shirt and a dark denim skirt . 
 ailsin , however , was another story . 
 in her lacy camisole top and frilly white skirt , the girl stood out like a sore thumb . 
 laylen shoved his way through the crowd , heading for the dance floor . 
 we all trailed behind him , the pokes and prods of stray elbows banging me in the back and sides . 
 i cradled my arm protectively around my stitches to keep any stray body parts from jabbing into it . 
 the air smelled of incense overlapped by cigarette smoke and sweat . 
 in the middle of everything was a bar , raising the question if we were even old enough to be in here . 
 why had n't they carded us at the door ? 
 at the edge of the crowd , swinging from the ceiling , was a giant life-size bird cage . 
 as i pushed my way out of the last of the sweaty bodies , i caught sight of what was inside the cage and came to a slamming halt . 
 a woman , twirling gracefully around a pole . 
 her wavy black hair hung all the way down to the bottom of her back . 
 a leather corset dress fitted her body , and thigh high boots laced-up up her legs . 
 a velvet choker wrapped her neck , and snaking up her arm was whip . 
 a pair of striking black-feathered wings sprouted out of her shoulder blades . 
 she spun around the pole , and then locked her haunting grey eyes on me . 
 i felt my breath catch . 
 my body suddenly felt so warm , like i was melting . 
 my limbs , my muscles , everything centered to her . 
 i knew what i needed to do . 
 i needed to go to her . 
 right now . 
 it was imperative that i did ... a matter of life or death . 
 my leg lifted up and , like a puppet bound to its strings , stepped down , inching my body closer to the cage . 
 a silent warning breezed my mind , screaming at me to stop , but my other leg rose up and touched back down to the floor , moving me to her . 
 another step ... i was just about in reach of the lock that bolted the cages door shut . 
 the feather-winged woman watched me with hungry eyes as my arm extended forward , my fingers brushing the cold metal - someone grabbed my arm . 
 a zap of electricity hummed through my body . 
 `` do n't , '' i heard alex say as he guided me swiftly away from the cage . 
 i blinked dazedly at him . 
 `` what do you think you 're doing ? '' 
 he asked crossly . 
 `` i-i '' i stuttered . 
 what had i been doing ? 
 trying to let the woman out . 
 it seemed like such a good idea a few seconds ago , but now ... `` if you open that up , '' he pointed a finger at the cage , `` then you 'll be the one trapped in there with a pair of wings growing out of your back . '' 
 i cringed . 
 `` i did n't mean to ... i mean i do n't know why i was going to do it . 
 i just could n't ... think . '' 
 i glanced back at the cage . 
 the woman 's pale blue lips curled into a snarl , and she let out a hiss . 
 i jumped back , slamming my shoulder into alex 's chest . 
 big mistake . 
 caught off-guard , i gasped from the electricity that shot through my body . 
 `` sor-ry , '' i stammered , stumbling away from him . 
 he pressed his lips together and rolled his shoulders and neck , as if he was trying to shake off my touch . 
 `` please watch where you 're going . '' 
 `` i said i was sorry , '' i snapped . 
 he sighed and turned around , heading off in the direction of a spiral staircase . 
 aislin and laylen stood at the top of it , staring down at us . 
 `` so what is she ? '' 
 i asked , climbing up the stairs after alex. he glanced over his shoulder at me . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` the woman back there . '' 
 i gave a nod back at the cage . 
 `` she 's obviously not human . 
 so what is she ? '' 
 he came to an unexpected halt , and i almost ran into him . 
 again . 
 `` she was probably human once until she did something stupid like opened up the cage for the previous black angel that was locked inside . '' 
 `` a black angel ? 
 what like a fallen angel or something ? '' 
 `` not quite . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` look gemma , as much as i 'd love to stand here and explain everything to you , i really think we should get going . '' 
 and with that , he turned his back at me and trotted up the stairs . 
 i sighed and grudgingly followed after him . 
 `` how much longer is this going to take ? '' 
 alex asked aislin , pacing impatiently in front of the doorway of the room where the sword of immortality was locked inside a display case . 
 luckily , the room had been empty . 
 we 'd been up there for about ten minutes now , but with as anxious as alex was acting you 'd of thought ten hours had passed by . 
 `` not too much longer , '' aislin replied . 
 `` i do n't think . '' 
 i was standing just outside the doorway next to laylen . 
 he was keeping a lookout for ... well , anything basically . 
 a hallway extended out on each side of us . 
 the florescent lighting of the lantern lights was hitting the maroon walls and tinting everything a dark shade of red . 
 it reminded me of blood . 
 and what part did i play in all of this ? 
 absolutely nothing . 
 i served no more purpose than the vase perched on the table in front of us . 
 it took up space and nothing more , which was about what i was doing . 
 well that , and making the whole situation even more dangerous , especially if a death walker showed up , which laylen informed me was a possibility . 
 i was n't sure if alex knew this or not , but i was n't going to be the one to break it to him . 
 laylen and i had both been quiet for the most part . 
 it was n't necessarily an awkward silence , though . 
 i think we 'd both spent our fair share of time being lonely , and silence was n't an unsettling thing . 
 `` so ... do you think he 's going to wear a hole in the carpet or what ? '' 
 laylen asked , breaking our not unsettling quiet . 
 i 'd been watching the staircase intently , waiting for someone to unexpectedly popup into view and take us by surprise . 
 `` huh ? 
 who ? '' 
 `` alex. '' i glanced at alex. he was still pacing the floor , his eyes fixed like a hawk on aislin . 
 `` maybe , '' i answered . 
 laylen laughed . 
 `` i 'm almost certain he 's going to . '' 
 i laughed softly , the air tickling at my lungs . 
 laylen leaned back against the wall and folded his arms , his muscles flexing and making his skin ripple a little . 
 i stared at the tattoo tracing up his forearm . 
 the black , hieroglyphic shapes were the same as what stitched the lanterns shades . 
 `` what does that mean ? '' 
 i asked , pointing at his tattoo . 
 he raised his arm `` what this ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` i noticed you put it up to the door outside so we could get in . 
 and it 's also on the lanterns that are all over this place , so i was just wondering what it is ? '' 
 he pressed a grin back `` a tattoo . '' 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 `` i got that , but does the tattoo mean anything ? '' 
 he traced his finger across the tattoo that sketched his smooth , pale skin . 
 `` it 's actually the mark of immortality . '' 
 `` then it 's not a tattoo ? '' 
 `` not exactly . 
 it appeared on my skin when i turned into a vampire . '' 
 he paused , his adams apple noticeably bobbing up and down as he swallowed hard . 
 `` it happens to everyone that turns immortal . '' 
 `` so why did you have to show it to the man at the door ? 
 is this like an all exclusive club for immortals or something ? '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` yeah , i guess you could put it that way . '' 
 `` so ... '' i snuck a peek at alex , making sure he was n't listening . 
 he was still pacing the floor and cussing at aislin to hurry-up . 
 aislin was hissing at him to shut up , her hand pressed to the display case , where the sword was locked inside , the jagged silver blade and dragonhead handle glistening in the light . 
 neither of them were paying any attention to laylen and me , which was a good thing since i had a feeling that alex would n't like what i was about to ask laylen . 
 i leaned closer to laylen and kept my voice low . 
 `` what 's a black angel ? '' 
 laylen cocked an eyebrow at me , seeming surprised by my question . 
 `` where 'd that question come from ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` there was one downstairs in a cage and i asked alex what it was , but he said he did n't have time to explain it to me . '' 
 `` that does n't surprise me . '' 
 he backed up a few steps so that he was out of view from alex and aislin and gestured at me to do the same . 
 `` the thing with alex , '' he began as i moved closer , `` is that he has it in his head that everything is a secret . '' 
 `` so there 's nothing important about a black angel . '' 
 `` only the fact that they 're angels from hell and not heaven . '' 
 `` wha - '' i started to exclaim , but laylen stopped me with a quick shake of his head . 
 i glanced over my shoulder to check if my loudness had brought any attention to us . 
 both sides of the hallway still remained vacant . 
 i turned back to laylen and dropped my voice down a notch . 
 `` sorry , but an angel from hell . 
 are you kidding me ? 
 the two , like , completely contradict each other . '' 
 `` in this world , '' he motioned around us , `` a lot of things do . 
 take me for instances . 
 a keeper turned vampire . 
 a complete contradiction . 
 one stands for evil , the other for good . '' 
 i eyed him over . 
 his beautiful blue eyes , his warm smile . 
 he sure did n't seem evil to me . 
 `` i highly doubt you 're evil . '' 
 he forced a small smile . 
 `` depends on who you 're asking . '' 
 i felt bad for him . 
 he seemed so ... in pain . 
 i barely knew him and everything , yet he 'd been nicer to me than anyone had in my entire life . 
 `` i do n't think you 're - '' `` are you two enjoying yourselves ? '' 
 alex 's voice interrupted over mine . 
 laylen rolled his eyes , and i let out a tired sigh as i turned around . 
 alex held his classic irritated expression as he leaned against the doorway , watching us . 
 how long had he been standing there , i wondered . 
 `` at any moment during your guy 's little huddle up , someone have could strolled up , and i 'm pretty sure neither one of you would 've notice , '' alex said . 
 `` yeah , we would 've , '' i protested . 
 `` both of us have a clear view of each side of the hall . '' 
 `` and it sure looked like you were keeping a close eye on them , all cuddled up with one another , talking about god knows what , '' he said scathingly . 
 `` alex , just relax . '' 
 laylen voice was calm , but firm . 
 `` we were n't cuddled up , and we were n't talking about anything important . '' 
 laylen slid me a sideways glance that i hoped alex did n't notice . 
 `` jesus christ . 
 you can be so uptight sometimes . '' 
 alex strolled up to us very cat-on-the-prowl like and pointed a finger at laylen 's chest . 
 `` i think your forgetting why i 'm uptight . 
 she 's not supposed to be getting close to anyone . '' 
 `` hey , '' i fumed . 
 `` that 's not - '' alex held a hand up , cutting me off . 
 `` this does n't concern you . '' 
 i breathed heavily , placing my hands on my hips . 
 `` if it 's about me , then it concerns me . 
 you ca n't control me just because you want to . '' 
 a lethal stare down broke out between us . 
 i fixed him with my best glare , trying to summon up as much fire in it as i could . 
 of course , alex looked unbothered , his face set in a tolerant expression . 
 `` you know what , '' laylen said to alex. `` i really think that your being up tight has nothing to do with me at all . '' 
 i looked at laylen funnily . 
 what was that supposed to mean ? 
 `` what exactly is it you 're trying to get at ? '' 
 alex asked sharply . 
 `` oh , i think you know what it is i 'm getting at , '' laylen said . 
 `` this is n't about me talking to gemma , or gemma getting close to anyone . 
 it about you wanting what you ca n't have . '' 
 alex 's expression faltered . 
 laylen had obviously nailed whatever was bothering him . 
 but what a gorgeous , self-confident-and yes , extremely cocky-guy like alex would want , but could n't have was beyond me . 
 i noticed laylen was watching me closely . 
 alex was n't looking at me at all , his eyes fixed on the spot of red tinted carpet resting in front of his feet . 
 he appeared at a loss for words , which was so strange for him . 
 he was never at a loss for words . 
 in fact , he usually had too much to say . 
 i opened my mouth . 
 `` i 'm sorry , am i missing some - '' `` got it . '' 
 ailsin announced as she bounced through doorway with the sword of immortality gripped in her hand . 
 `` now let 's go . '' 
 alex let out a breath of relief . 
 `` sounds good to me . '' 
 laylen pulled a balled up navy blue duffel bag out of his pocket . 
 back at the car , he 'd stuffed it in there , so we could smuggle out the sword without it being noticed . 
 he shook it out and unzipped it . 
 `` here , put the sword in here . '' 
 aislin placed the sword inside the bag . 
 `` are you sure no one 's going to be suspicious of us carrying out a bag ? '' 
 `` they 'd be far more suspicious if it was n't in the bag , '' laylen pointed out , zipping the bag up . 
 `` can we just get going ? '' 
 alex snapped , backing down the hall . 
 aislin sighed . 
 `` yeah , let 's go . '' 
 laylen slid the handle of the bag over his shoulder , and then he and i followed them down the hall . 
 the air dipped colder the closer we got to the stairs . 
 goose bumps polka dotted my skin . 
 i shivered , rubbing my hands up and down my arms . 
 `` are you cold ? '' 
 laylen asked , adjusting the handle of the bag . 
 `` kind of , '' i replied , my breath rising out in a smoky cloud . 
 well , that ca n't be good . 
 laylen stopped dead in his tracks , his already pale skin draining to a ghostly white . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 i asked him . 
 before he could answer , i slammed into the back of something . 
 that something was alex. i could tell by the electric surge . 
 `` go back , '' he hissed , shoving me in the direction we 'd just come from . 
 `` they 're heading up the stairs . '' 
 he did n't have to explain who `` they '' were . 
 i already knew by the icy brittleness that had strangled the air . 
 my heart hammered as we ran back into the room where the sword had just been locked up . 
 aislin bounced up and down on her toes . 
 `` oh my god . 
 how did they find us ? '' 
 laylen shrugged . 
 `` i have no idea . '' 
 `` is there another way out of here ? '' 
 alex asked laylen . 
 `` there 's a fire escape at the end of the hall , '' laylen told him . 
 `` but it 'll probably set off the fire alarm when you open it . '' 
 `` well , if there 's no other way , then i guess we 'll have to risk it . '' 
 alex crept over to the doorway , and peered out into the hall . 
 `` there are two of them standing at the top of the stairs ... what we need is a decoy . '' 
 he turned around , his eyes locking on laylen . 
 `` someone to distract them while i get gemma out of here . '' 
 `` and i 'm assuming you want me to be that decoy . '' 
 laylen 's tone did n't sound bitter , but empty . 
 it made my stomach ping . 
 `` laylen , i 'm sorry but i just do n't see any other way , '' alex said . 
 `` i think it would be best if i was the one with - '' laylen cut him off . 
 `` just go . '' 
 alex hesitated , but only for a split second , then he grabbed a hold of my hand , throwing me off balance as he yanked me toward the doorway . 
 `` come on aislin . '' 
 aislin did n't budge . 
 `` no . '' 
 alex stopped and gaped at her . 
 `` what do you mean no ? '' 
 she crossed her arms and raised her chin defiantly . 
 `` i 'm not going to leave laylen here to fend for himself . 
 i 'll stay and help him . '' 
 knots tied in my stomach . 
 they were staying behind to fend for themselves all because of me . 
 alex shot her a warning look . 
 `` aislin there 's no way - '' `` this is not a debate , '' aislin interjected . 
 `` i 'm staying . 
 now hurry up and get out of here before you ca n't . '' 
 it took another second of hesitation before alex agreed . 
 `` fine . 
 but promise me that neither one of you will try to kill them . 
 just distract them long enough for me to get gemma out of here , and then make a run for the car , okay ? '' 
 aislin nodded and shooed us toward the door . 
 alex casted one last look at aislin and laylen , then he tightened his grip on my hand and tugged me after him as he sprinted down the hall , leaving aislin and laylen behind to fight the deathly ice monsters by themselves . 
 chapter 18 guilt . 
 what a feeling , like rotting eggs spoiling inside your stomach , the stench seeping out through your pores . 
 it sucked , and i wanted to get rid of it . 
 but i could n't . 
 leaving aislin and laylen behind had created the horrid feeling , and i was pretty sure it would n't go away until i knew they were safe again . 
 so add the guilt with the possibility that i might die pretty soon , and my chances of vomiting were getting pretty high . 
 and my guilt continued to fester the farther and farther alex dragged me down the hall . 
 i was desperately struggling to keep up with him , clumsily tripping over my own feet . 
 i was scared but trying hard not to freak out . 
 lining the sides of the hall were paper-white shoji doors . 
 on some of them , i could see shadows of human-shaped figures moving around on the other side . 
 but i feared what they belonged to were n't human . 
 they could have been anything . 
 death walkers , black angels , vampires , take your pick . 
 all were scary in their own way . 
 unexpectedly , the hallway came to a fork , and alex slowed to a jog . 
 `` which way is the fire escape ? '' 
 i asked in a shaky , panic-stricken voice . 
 he started for the left , and then i guess changing his mind , took off down the right . 
 my feet stumbled in protested as he pulled me after him . 
 `` how do you know this is the right way ? '' 
 `` i do n't , '' he said simply . 
 i gulped . 
 was i allowed to throw up yet ? 
 because i 'm pretty sure the fowl taste gurgling in the back of my throat was vomit . 
 alex breathed a sigh of relief `` there it is . '' 
 and sure enough , at the end of the hallway was a door with the words fire escape printed at the top . 
 my heart leapt . 
 i 'd never been so excited to see a door in my life . 
 that was until the stupid thing opened . 
 the alarm went off , blaring deafeningly up and down the hall as a black-hooded monster emerged from the door . 
 `` son of a - '' in the snap of a finger alex had me twirled around and was pulling me back the way we 'd just came from . 
 a cold breeze rushed up against the back of my legs , and i knew the death walker was coming after us . 
 `` what are we going to do ? '' 
 i cried , in an unnaturally high-pitched voice . 
 we rounded a corner and then , without any warning , he screeched to a halt . 
 and for the third time today , i smacked straight into him . 
 i did n't care , though . 
 nor did i react . 
 at the moment , who the heck cared about the electricity ? 
 not me . 
 it was n't going to do anything to save us . 
 he did a quick scan of our surroundings . 
 `` we need to find a place to hide . '' 
 `` a place to hide ? '' 
 i repeated , glancing around like there actually might be a possibility of a secret door lurking beside us or something . 
 there was n't . 
 `` yeah , a place to hide . '' 
 he let go of my hand and grabbed hold of the handle on a nearby shoji door . 
 i had n't realized how bad my palms were sweating . 
 i wiped them on the front of my skirt as alex jerked the door open . 
 behind it was a man lying on a bed . 
 his eyes were shut , and a woman wearing an old fashion corset dress was kneeling over him . 
 her blond hair curled down her back and tracing her neck was a tattoo , which i now knew was the mark of immortality . 
 noticing us , the woman rose up and bared her fangs . 
 avampire . 
 my mouth dropped open . 
 `` holy - '' alex slammed the door shut . 
 i stared at him with wide eyes . 
 `` wh-what the heck was that ? '' 
 alex brushed me off , already rushing to the next shoji door . 
 i dared a glance back down the hall , wondering if i 'd find a death walker charging at us . 
 surprisingly , i found it empty . 
 but that brought no comfort to me . 
 in fact , it made me worry more . 
 at least if i 'd been able to see it than i 'd know where it was . 
 alex slid open another door , and thankfully , no one was inside . 
 he pushed me through the doorway and slammed the door shut behind us . 
 the room was dark , only a trickle of light seeped through the screen of the door . 
 `` now what ? '' 
 i breathed . 
 i heard a soft click as he locked the door . 
 `` i need to find a place to hide you . '' 
 `` hide me . 
 what are you going to do ? '' 
 he felt his way around in the dark , moving across what i could make out as a bed , a dresser , and then came to a stop at what looked like a room divider . 
 `` over here , '' he whispered . 
 `` get behind the screen . '' 
 `` why ? 
 what are you going to do ? '' 
 `` i 'm going to kill the death walker , '' he hissed . 
 `` now get over here . '' 
 `` kill the death walker . '' 
 i inched my way toward him . 
 `` but you said they could n't be killed . 
 not without the sword , which you do n't have . '' 
 he took me by the arm and gently shoved me behind the divider . 
 i could n't see his face , but i sensed he was afraid . 
 `` i know that , '' he said softly . 
 i pressed my quivering lips together , feeling like i might cry . 
 `` look . '' 
 his voice was gentler than i 'd ever heard it be . 
 `` i promise everything will be okay , just as long as you stay behind here . '' 
 then he did the strangest thing ever . 
 he brushed his finger across my cheek . 
 the touch was as light as a feather , but the electricity still tickle down my cheek . 
 `` promise me you wo n't come out until you know everything is okay . '' 
 my thoughts were fluttering all over the place , and i was n't thinking clearly . 
 `` okay . '' 
 and then he was gone . 
 just like that . 
 and i was alone . 
 that 's when i realized what i 'd done . 
 chapter 19 i stayed behind the divider for what felt like an eternity . 
 i swear the world could have been ending and i would have been completely unaware , the room was too dark and quiet-i swear the walls had to be sound proof or something , with how quiet it was-to get any kind of sense of what was going on . 
 all i had were my thoughts to pass the time . 
 they brought me no sense of comfort whatsoever . 
 all i kept thinking about was how alex had said to wait here until i knew it was safe , but he 'd never mentioned anything about him coming back . 
 so what did that mean ... that he was n't coming back ? 
 i was so going to throw up . 
 plus , i was n't exactly sure how i was supposed to know when it was safe enough for me to come out . 
 so i did the only thing i could think of . 
 i waited until i felt like i was going to burst-until i could n't take it any longer-and then i made up my mind that it was time to step out from behind that divider . 
 i crept to the edge of it , my adrenaline hounding at such a rate that it just about knocked me to the ground . 
 i paused , taking a deep breath , and ... 1 ... 2 ... bam ! 
 the lights flipped on . 
 and before i even had time to react , fog was swirling all around me . 
 i panicked . 
 what was i supposed to do ? 
 holding my breath , i backed away from the edge of the divider . 
 logically , the best thing to do would be to stay calm , analyze the situation , and make a plan . 
 but how the heck was i supposed to stay calm when there was fog everywhere , clouding everything , including the rational part of my brain . 
 so instead , i freaked and jumped out from behind the divider , preparing to run . 
 i quickly realized , though , just how big of a mistake i 'd made . 
 i could n't see anything but fog . 
 it was like being in a haunted house on halloween . 
 the only thing missing was the strobe lights . 
 okay , okay , think . 
 i searched the room for any sign of yellow eyes . 
 in my nightmares and on the bus , even through the fog , i 'd been able to see the piercing glow of the death walkers ' eyes . 
 when i did n't see any sign of them , it opened up a tiny glimpse of hope , and i bolted in the direction of what i prayed was the door . 
 bumping my knee on the dresser and catching the tip of my shoe on the leg of the bed , i at last touched the wall with the palm of hand . 
 i felt around for the door , the chill of the fog seeping into my bones . 
 i found the bulge of the board trimming the doorway , and a rush of excitement charged through me . 
 i reached for where i thought the doorknob should be , but instead of touching metal , my fingers touched fabric . 
 ice-cold fabric . 
 i looked up and found a pair of glowing , soulless eyes staring down at me . 
 i was so dead . 
 i gaped at the murderously hungry monster , frozen with terror , unable to move . 
 its eyes burned into me like they were trying to burn into my soul . 
 i needed to go . 
 i needed to move away from it . 
 i willed my legs to move and staggered backward until the backs of my legs pressed into the side of the bed . 
 i skittered around it and inched back into farthest corner , putting as much distance as i could between me and the death walker . 
 the fog opened up , creating a hollow tunnel between the death walker and me . 
 i waited for it to charge , but it did n't move , instead towering in the doorway , its eyes blazing yellow from beneath its black hooded , ankle-length cloak . 
 it was the first time i 'd ever seen one up close , and i instantly wished i could erase the sight from my mind . 
 it 's long , bony fingers stuck out from the sleeves of its cloak . 
 the corpse-like skin that covered its hands almost made me gag . 
 its face looked like it was rotting ; the flesh peeling away , revealing bits of raw muscles and jagged bones . 
 i pressed my back against the wall , wanting to get as far away as i could from the hideous thing . 
 i let out a shiver , longing to disappear , wishing to be anywhere else but here . 
 the death walker 's eyes fired up to a bright gold , and it opened its mouth and let out a screech that sounded like a dying animal . 
 then it charged . 
 i screamed as i realized i should 've never trapped myself in a corner . 
 what had i been thinking ? 
 there was no place for me to run . 
 i was such a goner . 
 there was nothing i could do but wait for it to kill me . 
 trembling with fear , i sank to the floor , catching one last glimpse of those haunting yellow eyes before i closed my own . 
 i hugged my knees to my chest and waited for the cold to suck the life out of me . 
 this was it . 
 this was the end of me . 
 i wished i 'd been able to live a less lonely life . 
 a loud bang , followed by a shriek , and then something fell , hitting the floor with a heavy thud . 
 buzzing filled my head as i cracked open my eyelids . 
 i let out a gasp . 
 sprawled out on the floor , just in front of my feet , was the death walker , either unconscious or dead . 
 i could n't tell for sure since it looked dead even when it was alive . 
 `` gemma , are you okay ? '' 
 i raised my chin up and met alex 's bright green eyes . 
 i nodded . 
 my throat felt as dry as the desert air , and i swallowed hard , trying to hydrate it enough so i could form some sort of words . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 alex hopped over the body of the death walker and extended his hand out to me . 
 i took it , catching my breath at the sight of the bluish-purple shade my skin had taken on . 
 `` do n't panic . '' 
 alex wrapped his hand around mine and pulled me to my feet . 
 his skin was so warm it practically burned against my overly chilled skin . 
 he kept a hold of my hand and began rubbing it in attempt to create friction and bring warmth . 
 then he took my other hand , pressed my palms together , and cupped his hands around mine . 
 `` it 'll be okay , '' he said and breathed on my hands , deluging my skin with warmth . 
 `` why does it always happen to my hands ? '' 
 i asked , my body shaking from the cold that still lingered in the air . 
 or maybe it was from my nerves . 
 `` it 's where you lose your circulation first , '' alex explained with another breath . 
 `` the death walkers cold works the same way as the normal cold air does . 
 it starts at your fingers and toes , and works its way up . 
 the only difference is theirs works much quicker . '' 
 `` toes ? '' 
 i flitted a glance down at my dc 's , frightened at the idea of what was in them . 
 purple and blue toes ? 
 toes that would need to be amputated ? 
 i 'd heard about people losing their toes from the cold back in afton , after they 'd gotten lost somewhere while snowmobiling or snowboarding . 
 i really wanted to keep my toes . 
 `` you 'll be fine , '' alex assured me . 
 `` let 's just get you to the car . '' 
 he breathed one last breath on my hands , and then let them go . 
 then he yanked out something that was stuck in the death walkers back . 
 it was the sword of immortality . 
 the jagged blade was covered in sticky black goo-the death walkers blood , i assumed . 
 `` where did you get that ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` laylen and aislin . 
 their pulling the car around right now so we can get out of here . '' 
 he wiped the blade on the cloak of the death walker , cleaning off the goo . 
 then he held out his hand to me . 
 `` come on . '' 
 i took his hand , trying to ignore the flutter his touch caused my heart to do . 
 `` what about the other death walkers ? '' 
 `` they 're dead . '' 
 i tried my best not to look at the foul creature as i stepped over its body , but i still caught a hint of its rotting face and felt my stomach churn . 
 `` you killed all of them ? '' 
 `` there were only two . '' 
 he pulled me toward the door . 
 `` and this , '' he lifted the sword into the air , `` makes killing them easy . '' 
 i followed alex down the hall , my legs shaking the whole time . 
 i think i 'd enter some kind of state of shock or something . 
 my body felt numb and strange , and the way the world swayed in beautiful bright colors and shapes could n't have been normal . 
 to be honest , i barely remember making it to the car . 
 but somehow , a little while later , i was sitting in the back seat of laylen 's gto with the warmth of the heater blasting across my skin , and the sound of tires screeching as we peeled away from the black dungeon . 
 chapter 20 there was something wrong with my head . 
 it was n't like anything had physically broken , more like i 'd mentally cracked . 
 whether it was from the shock of barely escaping my death , or the last few hours finally catching up with me , i did n't know . 
 but for whatever reason , i could n't seem to focus . 
 everything kept spinning and spinning , like i was trapped on an out-of-control merry-go-round . 
 i was starting to get nauseous when alex had me lie down and elevate my legs , mumbling something about how it would keep me from going into shock . 
 so there i was , lying down in the back seat of the gto , with my legs resting on alex 's lap . 
 it did n't occur to me until later that lying down in a skirt and putting my feet on a guys lap may not have been the greatest of ideas . 
 when i started to grasp a hold of reality again , i realized that , if he really wanted to , alex could see straight up my skirt . 
 luckily , he seemed fixated on staring out the window . 
 and really , who was i kidding ? 
 there was no way alex wanted to look up my skirt . 
 i sighed , tugging down the hem of it . 
 alex turned his head and looked down at me . 
 `` oh good , you 're awake . '' 
 `` was i asleep ? '' 
 i asked . 
 i could n't remember drifting off . 
 his eyes skimmed over my face like he was checking for visible signs of my head being broken . 
 `` are you sure you did n't bump your head ? '' 
 i thought back to when i 'd just about been killed . 
 `` no ... i 'm pretty sure there was no head bumping . '' 
 he glanced at aislin . 
 they both exchanged a look i could n't interpret . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i asked , starting to sit up . 
 whoa . 
 can you say head rush ? 
 i pressed the heel of my hand to my forehead . 
 `` ouch . '' 
 `` gemma , you need to lie back down , '' alex insisted . 
 i slid my legs off his lap and sat up straight . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 they exchanged another look , and this time i thought i saw a hint of disappointment in alex 's expression . 
 `` why do you two keep giving each other weird looks ? '' 
 my head had stopped spinning now , and i realized not only had the car stopped , but laylen was n't in it . 
 `` and where 's laylen ? '' 
 `` he 's inside . '' 
 aislin pointed out the window at a redbrick building with the words adessa 's herbs and spices printed across the door . 
 `` he went in to check things out and make sure everything was okay before we all went inside . '' 
 `` oh ... well , why do you guys keep looking at each other like that ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` like what ? '' 
 alex asked so casually i knew he was playing dumb . 
 i looked back and forth between the two of them . 
 neither of their expressions gave anything away . 
 but still , i could sense something was up . 
 `` are you sure you did n't hit your head ? '' 
 alex wondered . 
 `` you 're acting kind of funny . 
 are you feeling okay ? '' 
 hmm ... am i feeling okay ? 
 suddenly , i had an epiphany . 
 `` wait just a second , '' i held my hands up in front of me exasperatedly . 
 `` did you guys think i 'd gone back to not being able to feel again or something ? '' 
 aislin shifted uncomfortably in her seat , and i could tell i 'd guessed what they were thinking . 
 `` why would you think that ? '' 
 `` because you were acting weird , '' alex replied in a laidback tone that would have made you think we 'd been discussing the weather , not my emotions disappearing again . 
 `` you were so mellow , '' aislin added in an unsteady voice . 
 `` oh . '' 
 i raised my eyebrows . 
 `` so you guys thought that i 'd bumped my head or something and knocked the old gemma back in . '' 
 neither of them said anything . 
 aislin fiddled with the visor above her head , and alex stared out the window . 
 i knew he was only trying to avoid making eye contact with me , seeing is how we were in a dark , desolated area , and there was nothing particularly fascinating to look at outside . 
 `` well , that 's nice , '' i muttered , slumping back in my seat . 
 aislin slowly turned around in her seat and looked at me with sad eyes . 
 `` gemma , we did n't mean it like that . 
 we just thought ... '' `` that i 'd stopped feeling , '' i finished for her grudgingly . 
 `` well sorry to break it to you , but i do n't think a bump on the head is going to knock me back into to that . '' 
 then i crossed my arms and pretended like i was harboring this huge secret about what had caused the sudden onset of my emotions . 
 really , i had no freaking clue what had caused my emotions to suddenly be released . 
 but they did n't need to know that . 
 letting them think i knew more than what i was telling them , strangely enough , felt very gratifying . 
 `` gemma , if you know something , '' alex began , but i turned my back to him and stared out the window , tracing the lines of the surrounding buildings with my eyes . 
 i tried to brush off the fact that alex seemed disappointed that i 'd showed emotion . 
 who cared what he thought . 
 not me . 
 i could feel and that was all that matter . 
 okay , well , that was a lie . 
 but whatever . 
 i was going to try my best not to focus on how alex felt about me because , if i did , it would probably eat away at my insides . 
 as i stared at adessa 's herb 's and spice 's , i noticed a crescent moon outlined by a black star sketching the window of the door . 
 i glanced at the tattoo on aislin 's shoulder . 
 it was exactly the same as what was on the window . 
 `` what is that ? '' 
 i asked , pointing at her shoulder . 
 she traced the lines of the tattoo with her finger . 
 `` it 's the witches mark . 
 after i became a witch , it appeared on my skin . '' 
 `` like the mark of immortality ? '' 
 i inquired . 
 her eyebrows dipped down in perplexity . 
 `` how do you know about that ? '' 
 `` laylen told me while we were at the black dungeon , '' i explained . 
 `` oh great , '' alex scoffed . 
 `` what else did he tell you ? '' 
 `` nothing , '' i said , which was a lie since i now knew what a black angel was . 
 `` so does everyone have a mark ? '' 
 aislin nodded . 
 `` i actually have two . 
 one because i 'm a witch . '' 
 she lifted her foot onto the center console and flipped the ceiling light on . 
 a black circle trimmed by fiery gold flames tattooed the side of her ankle . 
 `` and one because i 'm a keeper . '' 
 `` and what ? 
 they just all of a sudden showed up ? '' 
 `` yeah , my keeper 's mark appeared when i was about twelve . 
 it was also about the same time i really started learning about what it is to be a keeper . 
 and my witches mark showed up when i was about fifteen , which is when i first found out i possessed wicca magic . '' 
 i wondered how many marks alex had . 
 was he more than just a keeper ? 
 `` if you 're wondering if i have one , the answer is yes , '' he said , like he 'd read my mind or something . 
 hold on . 
 what if he could read minds ? 
 i mean , with everything else i 'd learned over the last twenty-four hours , i would n't be a bit surprised if there was such a thing as mind-reading abilities . 
 if alex could read minds then that would totally suck , considering how my thoughts tended to center around him and his beautifulness . 
 `` i only have one mark , though , '' he said , meeting my eyes `` the keepers mark . '' 
 phew . 
 what a relief . 
 `` does it look the same as aislin 's ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` same mark , just in a different spot . '' 
 why , for the life of me , did his remark fire up the electricity was beyond me . 
 i chewed on my bottom lip , severely distracted by my thoughts of where his mark could be . 
 a sly grin spread across his face . 
 `` if you want , i can show you where it is . '' 
 `` alex , '' aislin hissed . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 `` relax , '' alex said . 
 `` there 's no need to get all wound up . 
 i was just teasing her . '' 
 i came to the conclusion right then and there that maybe alex had some kind of a bipolar disorder or something . 
 first he hated me . 
 then he 'd kissed me . 
 sometimes i irritated him . 
 and sometimes he was teasing me . 
 for someone who did n't want me to feel , he was sure sending my emotions all over the place . 
 looking out the window , aislin heaved a huge sigh of relief . 
 `` oh good , we can go in . '' 
 i followed her gaze and saw laylen , standing in front of adessa 's , waving us in . 
 inside of adessa 's herb 's and spice 's , the air smelled of sage and a few other spices that i could n't quite identify . 
 black and white tile checkerboarded the floor , the witches mark painted largely in the center . 
 glass countertops , displaying simple things like jewelry , candles , and incense , outlined the room . 
 there were , however , some things inside the display cases that looked rather questionable . 
 a black pot with a creepy looking eye painted on it -lrb- i swear the thing was watching me -rrb- , a miniature figurine of an egyptian pyramid , and a statue of a cat with two heads . 
 i could n't help but wonder what these strange looking objects did . 
 were they merely for display ? 
 or did they hold some kind of magical power to them ? 
 `` so ... '' aislin skimmed about the room with a puzzled expression . 
 `` where 's this adessa ? '' 
 `` she 'll be down in just a minute . '' 
 laylen leaned back against a display case and rested his elbows on top of it . 
 `` she had to run upstairs to get something . '' 
 i walked around the room , trailing my finger aimlessly along the glass countertop as i gazed down at all the peculiar looking objects . 
 on one of the counters , i spotted a crystal ball that looked like what fortune tellers use to see into the future . 
 i peered inside it , curious if i 'd be able to see what my future held . 
 violet ribbons floated gracefully in a sea of shimmering water . 
 through it , my reflection stared back at me . 
 apparently , i possessed no psychic abilities . 
 either that or this particular ball was a dud . 
 `` if you 're not careful , you might get stuck inside it , '' alex said , practically appearing out of thin air and scaring the crap out of me . 
 i threw my hand over my accelerating heart . 
 `` jesus . 
 you scared the heck out of me . '' 
 i paused , catching me breath . 
 `` so what were you saying about me getting stuck inside something ? '' 
 he tapped his fingers on the crystal ball . 
 `` stuck inside here . 
 it 's a foreseer 's crystal ball . 
 the kind they use to see visions . 
 but to see the future , they actually have to go into the future . '' 
 he flicked the ball with his finger . 
 `` by going inside this . '' 
 `` but why would i get stuck inside it ? 
 i 'm not a foreseer . '' 
 `` yeah , but you 're ... different . 
 i do n't think you touching it would be such a good idea . '' 
 `` but you keep touching it , '' i pointed out . 
 `` but i do n't have the power of a star flowing around inside me , do i. '' he rapped his fingers on the crystal ball again , i guess trying to prove his point . 
 `` who knows what might happen if you touch it ? 
 you might set off its power or something and get sucked into a vision . 
 in fact , you probably should n't touch anything at all . '' 
 `` including the floor , '' i said with bitter sarcasm . 
 `` because that seems like it would be very tricky . '' 
 most people would have gotten aggravated by my smart mouthed comment . 
 not alex , though . 
 nope . 
 it was like a game to him . 
 `` that does sound pretty tricky . '' 
 he leaned in toward me and lowered his voice . 
 `` i think you know that 's not what i meant . '' 
 i took a few slow , deep breaths because i had to . 
 with how close he was , the electricity had ignited and forced me into a tug-o-war with my emotions . 
 part of me wanted to slap him , while the other part of me wanted to press my lips against his . 
 i tore my eyes away from him and looked over at laylen and aislin to distract myself from my insane feelings . 
 they seemed to be engulfed in a very serious conversation . 
 laylen had his eyes fixed on aislin , who kept waving her hands around in a heated kind of gesture . 
 `` well , if it 's that big of a deal if i touch something , '' i mumbled , `` then maybe i should go wait in the car . '' 
 `` you ca n't go back to the car , '' alex said sternly . 
 `` not by yourself . '' 
 we both stood there , staring at each other , as this giant bubble of electricity built around us . 
 finally , alex broke his gaze away . 
 he kicked the tile with the tip of his shoe . 
 `` so yeah , just make sure you do n't touch anything , except for the floor . '' 
 a few moments later , a woman around thirty years old or so waltzed into the room . 
 she had golden cat-shaped eyes and wavy black hair that flowed all the way down to her waist . 
 she wore a navy blue velvet dress , large gold-hooped earrings , and her skin was the color of honey . 
 `` i 'm adessa , '' she said in a voice as smooth as silk . 
 `` now , laylen told me that one of you is a witch and is looking for a vectum crystal . '' 
 her cat eyes landed on me . 
 `` and let me guess , it 's you . '' 
 i glanced around nervously and then shook my head , lost as to why she 'd think that . 
 i pointed a finger over in aislin 's direction . 
 `` no , not me-her . '' 
 `` hmm ... that 's interesting . '' 
 she focused her attention on aislin . 
 `` so what particular one are you looking for , dear ? '' 
 `` well , i 've been using the purple amethyst . '' 
 aislin paused . 
 `` but since we have to travel a long distance , i think maybe the gold one would work better . '' 
 adessa twisted a red diamond pendant necklace that hung around her neck . 
 `` how long of a distance is it , dear ? '' 
 `` oh ... i think about 500 miles , '' ailsin said . 
 `` give or take a few . '' 
 adessa wandered behind the counter and waved at aislin to follow her . 
 `` i think i have something that would work even better than a gold one . '' 
 she raised her hand and drew an invisible rectangle in the air . 
 one of the shelves , lining the purple walls , shifted backwards , sinking into the wall like it had been drawn back by an invisible force . 
 or a magical force . 
 my mouth dropped agape as the shelf disappeared altogether and revealed a solid black door hidden behind it . 
 adessa flicked her hand like she was shooing a fly away , and the door swung open . 
 from where i stood , i could n't see what was inside . 
 i tried to casually lean to my left to get a better look but no such luck-adessa and aislin were blocking my view . 
 adessa motioned at the doorway . 
 `` after you , my dear . '' 
 aislin bit down on her lip and tentatively stepped inside . 
 adessa followed behind her . 
 a bright red flash sparkled throughout the room , and the door slammed shut . 
 then they were gone . 
 `` what the heck . '' 
 i was resting somewhere between being completely fascinated and absolutely terrified . 
 `` where did they go ? '' 
 `` to a secret place where adessa keeps certain things hidden , '' laylen answered . 
 `` what kind of things ? '' 
 i asked , intrigued . 
 laylen came over beside me , his hands tucked in his pockets . 
 `` the dangerous kind . '' 
 `` laylen , '' alex warned . 
 `` what ? '' 
 laylen gave him an i 'm - so-innocent look . 
 `` she asked a question , and i answered . 
 what 's wrong with that ? '' 
 `` everything 's wrong with it , '' alex said forthrightly . 
 i sighed . 
 would the secretiveness ever end ? 
 i could cross my fingers and hope so , but i was n't holding my breath-i 'd probably die from lack of oxygen if i did . 
 i traced my finger along a crack in the display case . 
 `` so why did adessa think i was the witch ? '' 
 laylen cocked his head to the side , his forehead scrunched over . 
 `` i 'm not really sure . '' 
 alex spun the foreseers crystal ball in its stand-the one i was n't supposed to touch , but apparently he could . 
 `` probably because of your eyes . '' 
 i absentmindedly touched the corner of my eye . 
 `` why would my eyes make her think that ? '' 
 `` you 've seen them , right ? '' 
 he said derisively . 
 `` the color 's anything but normal-a dead giveaway that there 's something different about you . '' 
 `` yeah , i 've seen them . '' 
 i snapped . 
 `` i 'm not trying to be mean . '' 
 he sounded like he meant it , but who could tell for sure . 
 `` i actually like the color . 
 it 's a nice different . '' 
 confused if he was teasing me or not , i opted to keep my mouth shut . 
 that way , nothing stupid would escape it . 
 laylen wandered away from us and started fiddling around with a set of black and blue ceramic boxes on a nearby shelf . 
 electric sparks started kissing at my body , moving from the tips of my toes to the top of my head . 
 it was n't too hot or too strong , and i had to admit , i liked the way it made me feel , even though i knew i should n't . 
 there were small , fleeting moments like this where i could relax and soak up the tingling sensation on my skin . 
 but i wondered if there would ever be a time where i could just freely enjoy it . 
 or freely enjoy my life ? 
 would i ever just be normal ? 
 maybe after i stopped this apocalyptic-end-of-the-world thing from happening , i just might be able to . 
 maybe . 
 but what was even going to happen to me after i stopped the end of the world from happening ? 
 it had never been made clear to me . 
 nothing had been made clear to me , not really . 
 `` can i ask you something ? '' 
 i asked alex. he fixed his gaze on a tiny black stone inside the counter . 
 `` depends on what it is , i guess . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 i highly doubted he was going to give me a straight answer-or an answer at all-but i had to at least try , right ? 
 i took a deep breath and quickly threw my question out there . 
 `` what happens to me after the portal closes ? '' 
 okay , so i 'd learned from past experiences with alex that he was a good actor . 
 he could lie like a real pro . 
 pretend to be something he was n't . 
 manipulate my thoughts . 
 so when his face drained of all its color , my heart virtually stopped . 
 whatever the answer was , it had to be horrible . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 my words rushed out of me in a panic . 
 he shook his head , his skin still very pale . 
 `` gemma , i 'm not sure we should be talking about this right now . '' 
 `` what do you mean you do n't think we should talk about this right now ? '' 
 i stomped my foot on the floor-yes , like a two year-old , but considering the circumstances , i think it was totally called for . 
 `` just tell me . '' 
 `` i 'd rather not , '' he said flatly . 
 `` well , i 'd rather you did , '' i retorted . 
 `` no , this is n't something we should be discussing right now . '' 
 and that 's when i knew it . 
 i was never going to be normal . 
 i was never going to be able to enjoy things , be happy , and do whatever i wanted with my life . 
 why ? 
 because i was never going to have a life . 
 the portal was going to kill me . 
 `` i 'm going to die , are n't i ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 he hesitated . 
 `` no one knows really . 
 you could just go back to normal or ... '' he drifted off . 
 `` or i could die , '' i finished for him . 
 he did n't answer , but he was looking everywhere else except at me . 
 freaking out , i whirled around on my heels , preparing to make a mad dash for the door , but my elbow bumped into something cold and hard . 
 the foreseers crystal ball . 
 it bounced off the stand , rolled off the counter , and hit the floor with a loud clank . 
 `` crap , '' i said . 
 without even thinking , i bent down to swipe it up . 
 alex and laylen yelled , `` no ! '' 
 as my fingers grazed the glass , i felt my body being pulled . 
 and then i was spiraling down a dark tunnel . 
 chapter 21 the fall seemed endless , like i 'd been sucked into a bottomless abyss . 
 fear set in as i realized that a bottomless abyss might be exactly what this was-a giant hole with no ending . 
 of course , if there was a bottom , and i hit it at the speed i was falling at then ... well , i did n't want to think about it right now . 
 below my feet , i saw a white light twinkling through the blackness . 
 as i plunged closer to it , it began to shimmer brighter and brighter , eventually becoming so bright i had to shut my eyes or else i might go blind . 
 warmth blanketed around me , and i sucked in a breath as my feet hit the ground hard . 
 i toppled forward , landing face first onto a surface that felt scratchy and dry like grass . 
 i quickly leapt to my feet . 
 yep , sure enough , the scratchy , dry surface was grass , and i had a mouth full of it . 
 i spat a few times , clearing out my mouth . 
 my head was throbbing and where my stitches were ached . 
 worried i 'd torn them open , i lifted up the bottom of my shirt and carefully peeled back the bandage . 
 my skin looked red and swollen , but there was no blood and the stitches still seemed to be holding my skin together . 
 i pressed the bandaged back down and glanced around , seeing if i could recognize my surroundings . 
 bright orange and pink leaves danced through air , and the wind whispered against my hair . 
 tall trees trimmed a translucent lake . 
 the place felt strangely familiar , like i 'd been here before but could n't quite remember when . 
 it was the same feeling i 'd experience when i 'd been sucked away back at the field trip . 
 back before all hell had broken loose . 
 for a moment , i just stood there , soaking in the sunshine and breathing in the cool fall air . 
 then suddenly it dawned on me . 
 i 'd obviously gotten sucked into the foreseers ball like alex had warned might happen . 
 he 'd also warned me that i could get stuck inside it . 
 all of my calmness was ripped away in the blink of an eye . 
 okay . 
 okay . 
 do n't panic . 
 yeah , that was easier said than done . 
 i gazed around frantically , crossing my fingers that somehow a magical door would materialize out of thin air . 
 magic existed , right ? 
 so why could n't i just conjure up a door . 
 because i 'm not witch , that 's why . 
 and , of course , no door ever appeared . 
 that 's when i really started freaking out . 
 `` help ! '' 
 i screamed at the top of my lungs . 
 `` someone ! 
 anyone ! '' 
 tears stung the corners of my eyes . 
 great . 
 now i was crying . 
 i hated to think it , but not being able to feel right now would have come in real handy , because i was becoming hysterical . 
 and being all frantic and crazed was n't going to get me anywhere . 
 i took a deep breath and tried to relax . 
 okay , you can do - a stream of purple whipped past me . 
 i jumped back , my hand pressing against my heart , my breath fumbling to regain its steadiness . 
 my gaze darted after the purple blur , and i realized it was n't a blur but a little girl wearing a purple dress . 
 she had to be around four or five years old . 
 her long brown hair whipped in the wind as she stood at the edge of the lake , staring out at the water . 
 unsure of how a foreseer vision 's worked , i approached her cautiously . 
 would i be able to communicate with her ? 
 god , i hoped so . 
 `` excuse me . '' 
 i went to tap her on the shoulder , but my hand slipped through her like i 'd just tried to touch a ghost . 
 great . 
 i raised the volume of my voice . 
 `` hello ! '' 
 nothing . 
 the girl just stood there , completely unfazed by my loudness as she stared out at the lake . 
 great . 
 now what ? 
 if i could n't communicate with anyone , then how was i ever going to figure a way out of here ? 
 the little girl started twirling in circles , and i gasped as i caught sight of her face . 
 it was all hazy , like bad reception on a television screen . 
 i blinked my eyes and rubbed them with the heels of my hands , but the haze stayed . 
 `` do n't get too close to the lake , '' a voice called out from behind me . 
 i spun around just as a boy ran past me . 
 he looked a few years older than the little girl and had dark brown hair . 
 his face was hazed over as well . 
 `` you need to be careful or you might fall in , '' he warned . 
 `` do n't worry , '' the little girl replied , teeter-tottering near the edge of the water . 
 `` i wo n't fall in . '' 
 `` please just move away , '' he begged , his hand extended out to her . 
 `` you do n't know how to swim . '' 
 she took hold of his hand , and he guided her away from the lake . 
 i was having another weird deja vu moment , just like i 'd had when i 'd disappeared into the field during the fieldtrip . 
 the peoples ' faces had been blurry then too . 
 so what did that mean ? 
 were the two linked somehow ? 
 this had to be a vision , and the fieldtrip thingy ... well , i did n't know what that was . 
 it could n't have been a vision , though . 
 how could it have been ? 
 it was n't like i 'd touched a foreseer 's ball . 
 `` you two get over here right now ! '' 
 a man barked from somewhere behind me . 
 his voice made the atmosphere alter into a-graveyard-in-the-middle-of-the-night kind of setting . 
 the kind of setting that makes the hair on your arms stand on end , and your stomach churn . 
 before i could even turn around , the man appeared beside me . 
 he was tall , husky , and had jet black hair similar to marco 's . 
 he wore a black button down shirt , grey slacks , and a gold chain dangled around his neck . 
 his face was also hazy . 
 i quickly caught on that he was intimidating with the way he shook at my nerves . 
 even the kids seemed to back away from him . 
 `` it 's time to go , '' his voice iced out . 
 `` go inside and pack your stuff . '' 
 `` where am i going ? '' 
 the little girl asked , gripping tightly to the little boy 's hand like her life depended on it . 
 `` that 's none of your business ! '' 
 the man roared . 
 even though i could n't see the girls face , i knew she had to of flinched . 
 i flinched . 
 the fear that he might actually hurt the two of them howled through me . 
 and what was i supposed to do if he did ? 
 stand by and watch helplessly ? 
 i heard the soft treading of approaching footsteps . 
 then a figure rushed by me . 
 it was a woman with long brown hair and a face as hazy as the others . 
 she swept the little girl up in her arms and hugged her protectively . 
 `` you stay away from her ! '' 
 she shouted at the man . 
 her presence brought warmth that mixed with the chill the man sent out . 
 the two combined created a mixture of emotions that buzzed through the air and made me nauseous . 
 `` this is not your decision , '' the man rumbled at the women . 
 `` you knew when she was born things like this may have to happen . '' 
 `` mommy , i 'm scared , '' the girl whispered . 
 the woman-the mother smoothed back the little girl 's hair and kissed her on the forehead . 
 `` it 's going to be okay . 
 you do n't need to be scared . 
 i promise i wo n't let anything happen to you . '' 
 the man laughed the kind of laugh that sent fear soaring through my body . 
 `` i 'd like to see you try . '' 
 he turned to the little boy . 
 `` go inside , right now . '' 
 the boy did n't move . 
 `` now ! '' 
 the man ordered . 
 `` yes , father . '' 
 the boy 's voice shook . 
 he treaded up a hill , heading toward a castle-like building made of grey stone and tall towers . 
 where the building had come from , who knew ? 
 after the boy disappeared inside the castle , the man turned back to the woman . 
 `` now we can do this the easy way or the hard way . '' 
 she stood defiantly , holding the little girl tightly in her arms . 
 `` you 're not taking her anywhere . 
 she 's my daughter , not yours . '' 
 `` so it 's going to be the hard way , then . '' 
 he lunged at the woman and snatched the little girl away . 
 the woman desperately fought to get her back , tearing and clawing at the man 's arms . 
 the girl reached for her mother , kicking and screaming with all her might . 
 `` i want to stay with you ! 
 do n't let him take me ! '' 
 it did n't matter , though . 
 their efforts were useless . 
 the man stood strong , entirely unaffected by their attempts . 
 and when he plucked a small black bag out of his pocket , the woman froze . 
 silence choked the air , and i could hear my heart thudding . 
 balancing the little girl in one arm , he dangled the bag in front of the woman . 
 `` now , like i said , we can do this the easy way or the hard way . '' 
 `` you would n't dare , '' whispered the woman . 
 `` would n't i ? '' 
 he looked down at the little girl in his arms . 
 `` hey sweetie , how would you like to go for a swim in the lake ? '' 
 the girl hovered back . 
 `` but i ca n't swim . '' 
 `` you 'll be fine , '' the man coaxed . 
 `` someone will be there to help you . '' 
 `` knock it off ! '' 
 screamed the woman , clenching her hands into fists . 
 `` i know you 're bluffing . 
 you need her too much . '' 
 the man laughed wickedly , making the hairs on my arms stand on end . 
 `` there are ways to get her back when i need her . 
 she 'd probably be better off down there anyway until its time . '' 
 the woman 's breathing faltered . 
 `` please do n't do this . 
 please . '' 
 the man laughed again . 
 `` oh , i wo n't just as long as you get into the lake yourself . '' 
 go in the lake ! 
 why ! 
 what was he going to do to her ? 
 try and drown her ? 
 i felt sick . 
 `` you 'll never get away with this . '' 
 her voice was edging near a sob . 
 `` i know the real reason why you want her , and sooner or later , someone else is going to figure it out . 
 you 'll never be able to get away with it . '' 
 `` oh , i highly doubt it . 
 i have everyone wrapped around my little finger . '' 
 he set the girl down on the ground , pointed his finger at the castle , and ordered the little girl to , `` go inside . '' 
 the little girl did n't budge . 
 `` go ! '' 
 the man hollered . 
 again she did n't budge . 
 she was brave a one , because i 'm pretty sure i 'd have been running for my life by now . 
 `` go ahead honey , '' her mother urged in a soothing voice . 
 `` it 's alright . 
 i 'll be okay . '' 
 it took the girl a second , but she finally walked away , casting one last glance back at her mother before starting up the hill toward the castle . 
 my heart broke for the little girl and the mother . 
 somehow-and i do n't know how-i knew it would be the last time they 'd see each other . 
 she 'd grow up motherless , perhaps even hating the people who 'd be chosen to raise her . 
 there 'd forever be an empty hole resting in her heart . 
 `` now it 's time to deal with you , '' the man said turning back to the woman . 
 he let a pause drag out , like he was trying to instill fear with his silence . 
 `` get in the lake . 
 now . '' 
 no . 
 no . 
 no . 
 no . 
 no . 
 there was no way he was really going to throw her in the lake . 
 no . 
 he could n't . 
 could he ? 
 `` you 've been planning this all along , have n't you ? '' 
 her voice quivered . 
 `` every single word that 's come out of your mouth has been nothing but a lie . '' 
 `` you know me very well , '' he said . 
 `` now quit stalling and get into the lake . '' 
 shaking her head , she backed up toward the water . 
 the man followed after her , matching her every step . 
 i chased after them , desperately wishing i could do something to stop the man from forcing the woman into the lake . 
 i still was n't sure what was going to happen when she got into the lake , but it had to be something very bad . 
 my gut instinct was telling me so . 
 `` you 're wrong about not getting caught . '' 
 she 'd reached the brink of the lake , the waves rolling up against the heels of her feet . 
 `` there are people who you do n't have wrapped around your finger . '' 
 `` then i 'll have to take care of them as well . '' 
 he tugged open the black bag , scooped out a handful of something that looked like ash , and sprinkled it into the lake , making the water cloud a dark grey . 
 `` do n't think you 've won . '' 
 she raised her chin high and stepped back , submerging her legs into the water . 
 `` someday it will all catch up with you . '' 
 another few steps and the water was waist deep on her . 
 the lake lay dead calm , like the calm before the storm . 
 then came the loud swoosh ! 
 water splashed up and she plunged down . 
 i let out a blood curdling scream . 
 the man turned his back on the drowning woman and strolled away , whistling some funky tune that sounded like a combination between `` it 's a small word after all '' and `` twinkle , twinkle little star . '' 
 without even thinking , i ran into the water , forcing myself to go farther and farther as the cold water ascended higher and higher . 
 but when it reached waist deep on me , i realized two things : 1 -rrb- like the little girl , i could n't swim , and 2 -rrb- i could n't actually touch the woman , so how was i supposed to save her ? 
 shortly after these thoughts crossed my mind , a third reason why i should n't have gone into the water dawned on me . 
 because , obviously , there was something wrong with the lake . 
 why i had n't thought of this before was beyond me . 
 i 'd heard the swish . 
 i 'd seen the splash . 
 heck , i 'd seen the man dump some creepy ashy stuff into it . 
 i should have known better than to go running into it . 
 but i did n't , and it was too late now . 
 a bony hand had already grabbed me by the ankle and was trying to jerk me beneath the water . 
 i kicked and screamed and fought with every ounce of strength i had , but whatever the hand belong to was strong . 
 it pulled me under the ice-cold water and kept dragging me deeper and deeper down . 
 i could n't see a thing . 
 my oxygen supply was dwindling.so this is what it feels like to die was the last thought i had before i blacked out . 
 chapter 22 i gasped for air as my eyes shot open . 
 purple walls and glass counters surrounded me . 
 i was back at adessa 's . 
 i 'd made it . 
 i was n't dead . 
 my skin was dry . 
 my feet were planted firmly to the checkerboard tile . 
 the foreseer 's crystal ball was cupped in my hand . 
 `` ah ! '' 
 i shrieked and dropped the ball . 
 it hit the ground hard , causing it to crack down the center . 
 `` gemma . '' 
 i looked away from the broken ball and found alex standing right next to me , his green eyes wider than usual , his mouth set in a worried line . 
 behind him stood laylen , with the same worried expression on his face . 
 i breathed heavily . 
 `` what the heck happened ? '' 
 `` what do you mean what the heck happened ? 
 you touched the foreseer 's ball after i told you not to . '' 
 his voice , although full of anger , slightly shook . 
 `` it was an accident , '' i snapped . 
 `` i did n't mean to touch that-that - '' i waved my hand at the broken foreseer ball . 
 `` thing . '' 
 all three of us stared down at it . 
 water was seeping out through the crack , forming a puddle on the floor . 
 `` well , what happened ? '' 
 alex asked , his voice a little calmer now , but he still looked concerned . 
 what happened ? 
 well , let me see . 
 i got sucked into a tunnel , hit my face on the ground , and watched a woman get murdered . 
 all i got to come out of my mouth , though , was , `` i-i ... '' `` did you go into a vision ? '' 
 alex asked , speaking slowly like i was incompetent . 
 `` yeah . 
 i mean , at least i think i did . '' 
 `` and you were able to come back , '' he stated with amazement . 
 a loud crash suddenly echoed through the room . 
 scaring me half to death , i jumped and ended up ramming my shoulder into alex 's chest . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 laylen apologized as he swept up a black ceramic candlestick he 'd apparently knocked onto the floor . 
 i let my breathing slow down . 
 man , i was getting jumpy . 
 but really , could you blame me ? 
 `` i 'm going to take her outside , and see if i can get her to calm down . '' 
 alex told laylen . 
 laylen nodded , and alex led me to the front door . 
 he made me wait there while he checked inside the gto to make sure everything was safe . 
 once he gave me the go ahead , i went outside , and we climbed in the back seat of the car . 
 both of us were quiet for awhile , the night spilling through the cab of the car . 
 i could barely see anything , which did nothing for my nerves . 
 `` so what did you see ? '' 
 alex finally asked . 
 `` um ... '' i fumbled for some sort of words that could explain the horrible scene i 'd just been forced to watch . 
 `` something ... you know , i 'm not sure i really want to talk about it . '' 
 `` well , you have to , '' he said . 
 `` if you saw a vision , i need to know what happened . 
 it 's important . '' 
 i massaged the sides of my temples and sighed . 
 `` fine . '' 
 i gave a recap of every detail i could remember about the vision . 
 of course , i could n't describe what the people looked like , since their faces had been blurred over . 
 and none of them had said any names , so the chance of us being able to figure out who the people where were slim to none . 
 `` you know you were really lucky , right ? '' 
 alex asked me when i 'd finished . 
 `` lucky how ? '' 
 did he not get that i 'd just witness a woman being murdered ? 
 `` well , for starters , you were lucky you even made it back . 
 i 've heard stories about people getting stuck inside visions and never returning . 
 and you were also lucky you did n't get captured by the water faerie . '' 
 `` water faerie , '' i repeated , mystified . 
 `` what 's a water faerie ? '' 
 `` it 's what pulled both you and the woman down in the lake . 
 water faeries are the guardian 's of the underworld . '' 
 `` the underworld ? '' 
 i said `` as in the place where the greeks believed people went after they died . '' 
 `` kind of . '' 
 he seemed hesitant to embellish on the subject , but i was n't going to let him get away with keeping anymore secrets from me . 
 not this time . 
 not after what i 'd just witness . 
 `` tell me , '' i demanded . 
 `` or i 'll just go ask laylen to explain it to me . '' 
 i thought that might make him angry , but instead , he just stared at me with what i thought looked like a trace of hurt in his bright green eyes . 
 what he 'd be hurt about , though , i had no idea . 
 i 'd probably just imagined it or something . 
 `` fine . '' 
 he threw his hands in the air , giving in , which shocked that crap out of me . 
 `` the underworld is the land of the dead . 
 it 's also a prison . 
 after we-the keepers capture someone like , say for instance , a vampire that had been on a killing spree , we sentence them to a life down in the underworld as a form of punishment . '' 
 i questioned whether he 'd used a vampire as his example intentionally , as a way to get back at me for threatening to go ask laylen if he did n't start explaining things . 
 `` but why would n't you just kill them instead . 
 i mean , you killed that death walker . 
 why ca n't you kill a vampire too ? '' 
 `` trust me , death is a milder punishment then getting sent down there . 
 most go insane from the torture after only a few weeks time . '' 
 something suddenly occurred to me . 
 `` hold on just a second . 
 does that mean the woman i saw get dragged down into the lake is going to end up in the underworld ? '' 
 `` maybe , '' he answered reluctantly . 
 `` the water faeries usually do n't kill the people or the things they capture . 
 they are under strict orders to take whatever they catch straight to the prison . '' 
 `` but why do they want prisoners ? '' 
 `` because they feed off their fear . 
 it 's what keeps them thriving even in their dead form . '' 
 i swallowed hard . 
 `` so if the vision i saw really ends up happening , then the woman 's going to end up being tortured down there . '' 
 `` maybe . 
 but she also might already be down there . '' 
 he sighed . 
 `` sometimes when someone inexperienced tries to see into the future they just end up seeing something that has already happened . '' 
 `` so she could be down there right now ! '' 
 the loudness of my voice made us both glance around nervously . 
 i 'm not sure what we were looking for , though . 
 there was nothing around but vacant buildings . 
 alex gave me a look that stressed for me to keep my voice down . 
 `` she could be down there right now , but if she 's been down there for awhile , then she may have already died . 
 depending on how strong she is , she could be able to survive the torture for up to a few years without it driving her mad . 
 but if she 's already lost her mind , the queen would have had her killed . '' 
 `` why would the queen have her killed ? 
 and who 's this queen anyway ? '' 
 `` the queen of the dead . 
 she 's in charge of everything that goes on in the underworld . 
 after a prisoner goes insane , they no longer produce the right kind of fear for her people to feed off of so she gets rid of them . '' 
 i gaped . 
 `` by killing them . '' 
 alex sighed and ran his fingers through his hair . 
 `` you have to understand that most of the things-or people we send down there have committed horrible crimes . 
 the kind of crimes that haunt peoples ' nightmares . '' 
 `` yeah , well , considering the death walker 's haunt my nightmares ... '' i trailed off . 
 i really should n't have mentioned that . 
 he cocked an eyebrow . 
 `` you 've dreamt about them ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` a lot actually . '' 
 `` why the heck did n't you tell me this before ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` you keep secrets , '' and probably still are , `` so why ca n't i. '' he shook his head , clearly irritated . 
 `` did you dream about them before you ever saw them in real-life ? '' 
 `` yeah , i started having the dreams a couple of months ago , and the first time i saw something that i thought might be a death walker was only a couple of weeks ago in the school parking lot . 
 but i was n't one hundred percent sure if i 'd actually seen one . 
 i thought i might have imagined seeing it or something . '' 
 `` it was back when i had to chase you down in the parking lot so i could give you your book , was n't it ? 
 when you were freaking out and would n't tell me why . '' 
 i nodded . 
 it seemed like such a long time ago . 
 he stretched his arm across the top of the seat . 
 `` so you started dreaming about them around the same time you started to experience emotions ? '' 
 a touchy subject for me , especially since i knew he wanted my emotions gone . 
 i needed to make sure and be vague with my answer , because i did n't want to let anything slip out that might help him solve why i 'd spontaneously started to feel . 
 as ridiculously selfish as i knew it was , i wanted to keep feeling . 
 for the most part , anyway . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 i turned to the window . 
 `` maybe . '' 
 electricity tickled up and down my spine . 
 being alone with alex in the poorly ventilated car was driving me absolutely insane . 
 not necessarily in a bad way , though . 
 in fact , i think my body was building up a tolerance to electric sensation , because it was no longer making me feel like i had a fever . 
 warm and sparkly , it felt kind of good . 
 `` so , '' i began , turning my head back to him . 
 `` if it was a future vision i saw , would we be able to change what happened ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` prophecies are very hard to change , and i do n't have a clue as to how we 'd even be able to find out if it was a past or future vision . 
 that is , unless we want to go to the city of crystal and chat it up with the foreseers . '' 
 `` city of crystal ? '' 
 `` it 's where most of the foreseer 's live , but you ca n't get there without this special kind of crystal ball , which happens to be very hard to come by . '' 
 i felt like i just might cry . 
 if i 'd seen a future vision , how was i supposed to just sit around and let the woman get taken away to the underworld for real ? 
 the place sounded awful and ... well , and i could n't shake the feeling that i knew the woman somehow . 
 `` i do n't get it . 
 you say that prophecies are hard to change , but is n't that exactly what you guys are trying to do with me ? '' 
 `` that 's different , though . 
 we knew yours was a future prophecy right from the start , and a lot of energy and time has gone into trying to change it . '' 
 he sighed . 
 `` besides , you are emotional so we have n't done a very good job of changing it . '' 
 `` but you 're still trying to , right ? '' 
 i picked at a loose string hanging off the hem of my denim skirt . 
 `` i mean , i 'm sure you have a backup plan . '' 
 `` no we do n't , '' he said quickly . 
 way too quickly . 
 a red flag immediately went up . 
 `` what is it you 're not telling me ? '' 
 `` i 'm not keeping anything from you . '' 
 his voice smoothed out like honey i let out a cynical laugh . 
 `` i highly doubt that because , first off , it 's you were talking about . 
 and second , you freaked out when i just asked you if you had a backup plan . 
 so what is it ? 
 what 's your big backup plan ? 
 are you going to put me up in some super secret chamber and lock me away from everyone and everything until the only emotion i can feel is loneliness ? '' 
 `` actually , that 's not a bad idea , '' he said . 
 `` i 'll have to pass that one on to stephan . '' 
 furious , i reached around the side of the seat and searched for the handle that scooted it forward . 
 i was so out of here . 
 alex caught me by the elbow and drew me back . 
 `` i do n't think so . 
 you 're not going anywhere . '' 
 wan na bet . 
 i tried to shuck off his hand . 
 `` let go of me . '' 
 he tightened his grip . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` i 'm not going to just sit here and listen to you talk about turning me back into a walking zombie . '' 
 i reached for seat with my free hand , hoping if i could grab hold of something then maybe i could jerk away from him . 
 still grasping onto my arm , he snaked his free hand around my waist and pulled me back . 
 `` you 're hurting my stitches , '' i whined , even though his hand was on the opposite side . 
 he pulled me closer to him . 
 `` no , i 'm not . '' 
 i put up quite a fight , but in the end , he still managed to pin me against him , my back pressing firmly against his chest . 
 this was both good and bad . 
 bad because i was really pissed off at him , and the last thing i wanted was to be near him . 
 but it was also good because ... well , because it felt good . 
 nice and warm and effervescent . 
 ugh . 
 `` this is so stupid . '' 
 i seethed . 
 `` you ca n't have control over everything i do . '' 
 `` yeah , i can . '' 
 he held me so tight my skin warmed like melting butter , and i thought i might actually melt into him , `` especially when you 're trying to do something stupid . 
 do you think what happened back at the black dungeon was a game ? 
 do you not realize how close you came to getting killed ? 
 because , let me tell you , if i would n't have shown up when i did , then you and i would n't be sitting here having this argument . '' 
 i froze , slowly taking in his words . 
 with every breath he took , i could feel his chest rising and falling against my back . 
 my own breathing lifted and fell , rhythmically matching with his . 
 the electricity seemed to be synchronizing with it , as if it were trying to create a harmonious song or something . 
 it was weird and strangely comforting . 
 like , if i closed my eyes , i 'd drift off into a peaceful , death-walker-free dream . 
 `` gemma , '' alex whispered in my ear , sounding breathless . 
 `` i think that - '' i never got to hear what he thought , because the passenger door swung open , and the interior lights clicked on . 
 it was aislin . 
 she held a small , gold box in her hands , which i assumed held a crystal inside . 
 she started to climb in , but stopped when she caught sight of us . 
 `` what are you two doing ? '' 
 i can only imagine what this looked like to her ; me practically sitting on alex 's lap , his arms wrapped around me , obviously trapping me against him . 
 yeah , i 'm pretty sure more than a few question marks were popping up in her head . 
 a few question marks were popping up in my head . 
 `` gemma was getting out of hand , '' alex replied coolly . 
 `` she needed to be dealt with . '' 
 `` i was n't getting out of hand , '' i said indignantly . 
 i tried to jam my elbow into his side , but it did n't go very far since i could barely move . 
 `` you are such a - '' alex threw his hand over my mouth . 
 i thought about biting it , but then decided against it . 
 i 'm not sure why . 
 `` alex ! '' 
 aislin exclaimed . 
 `` you ca n't just do whatever you want with her . '' 
 alex dropped his hand from my mouth . 
 `` aislin , she was trying to jump out of the car and run away . '' 
 aislin frowned as she slammed the door . 
 the lights shut off , and i could barely make out the outline of her face . 
 `` you two really need to figure out a way to get along . 
 this whole fighting-about-everything thing is not helping the stress level in this already way too stressful situation . '' 
 `` well , if she 'd behave , '' alex started at the same time i said , `` if he 'd leave me alone - '' aislin lifted her eyebrows , giving us a see-what-i-mean look . 
 `` fine , '' alex surrender . 
 `` i 'll stop . '' 
 `` i 'll stop too , '' i told her . 
 `` just as long as he lets me go . '' 
 i guess to prove a point that he could still have some control over me , alex waited about twenty more seconds before finally letting me go . 
 and he refused to sit anywhere else but in the middle of the seat so he could be close enough to me in case i made an irrational decision to `` jump out of the car while it was moving '' as he so bluntly put it . 
 yeah , even i was n't that crazy . 
 but whatever . 
 by the time the seating arrangement was all settled , laylen emerged from adessa 's looking somewhat happy . 
 hmmm ... i wonder what was up with that . 
 he climbed in the car . 
 `` so what happened ? '' 
 he asked me . 
 i furrowed my eyebrows . 
 `` what ? 
 with the crystal ball ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` did you get sucked into a vision ? '' 
 `` what ! '' 
 aislin shouted . 
 `` she got sucked into a vision and no one told me . '' 
 i felt like i was getting strangled to death-that 's the effect just thinking about the vision had on me . 
 `` i 'll explain it on the way back to the house , '' alex said . 
 if i would n't have known better , i would have thought he said it because he 'd sensed my lack of comfort with the subject . 
 but i did know better so ... `` okay . '' 
 laylen started up the car , and the engine roared to life . 
 aislin was more reluctant to give up on the discussion . 
 she remained turned around in her seat , continuously eyeballing alex and i until laylen merged the car back onto the busy main street of vegas . 
 then the dancing lights and throngs of people distracted her attention away from us . 
 after we 'd made it back onto the highway , and the last of the lights had fizzled away , i rested my head against the window , and , without even meaning to , i fell asleep . 
 chapter 23 i was plummeting deeper and deeper into the murky water . 
 i could n't breathe . 
 i could n't see . 
 so this is what drowning feels like , i thought numbly . 
 i kicked my legs , trying to fight my way back to the surface . 
 i refused to drown . 
 i could not drown . 
 `` gemma , '' a feathery voice floated up from beneath my feet . 
 huh ? 
 was i hallucinating ? 
 i kicked harder and paddle with my arms , giving a very lame attempt at doggy paddling . 
 `` no gemma , down here , '' the voice rippled up through the water . 
 and then i knew . 
 i do n't know how i knew , just that i did . 
 i knew the voice did n't mean me any harm . 
 i was supposed to listen to it . 
 i was supposed to go to it . 
 i let my legs and arms fall limp , allowing my dead weight to sink me downward to the sandy bottom of the lake . 
 `` good , '' the voice purred . 
 `` now keep coming . 
 i need your help . '' 
 what do you need my help for ? 
 i thought because speaking would do nothing but get me a mouth full of water . 
 to my shock the voice responded inside my head . 
 i need you to save me . 
 how ? 
 just trust me . 
 i do n't know why , but i did . 
 i do trust you . 
 good . 
 now whatever you do , do n't panic . 
 why would i panic ? 
 the voice did n't answer , but i figured out why very quickly as fingers wrapped around my ankles and yanked me down . 
 despite what the voice said , i panicked and clawed at the water , frantically trying to get away , but it was useless . 
 i tried to scream , but water flooded my lungs . 
 if i did n't get away , i was a goner for sure . 
 if i did n't get away , i 'd end up a prisoner in the underworld , at least until i went insane and they killed me . 
 i needed to get away ... shaing ... shaking ... huh ... someone ... shaking ... my shoulder . 
 my eyelids shot open . 
 disoriented and groggy , i jerked away from whoever was touching me . 
 `` jeez , gemma , '' alex said with his hands held up in front of him in a holy-crap-just-calm-down-i-didn ` t-mean-you-any-harm kind of way . 
 `` settle down . '' 
 i did a quick scan of my surroundings and realized i was still in the backseat of the gto , which was now parked in the garage . 
 laylen and aislin were nowhere to be seen . 
 it was just alex and me ... why was it just alex and me ? 
 `` where are aislin and laylen ? '' 
 i asked , rubbing my sleepy eyes . 
 `` their already inside , '' he gave a nod in the direction of the garage door , `` getting things set up . '' 
 yawning , i stretched out my arms . 
 `` so why are we sitting out here ? '' 
 `` because you fell asleep and i could n't get you to wake up . '' 
 he paused , looking as though he was considering something . 
 `` were you having a nightmare ? '' 
 a nightmare . 
 that was putting it mildly . 
 `` why do you ask ? '' 
 `` because you were getting all squirmy and making these moaning noises . '' 
 oh . 
 my . 
 word . 
 i was absolutely mortified . 
 `` oh . '' 
 he waited for me to explain further . 
 i did n't . 
 `` alright . '' 
 he sounded a bit irritated . 
 `` let 's go inside . '' 
 oh , whatever . 
 he could be irritated all he wanted . 
 i was under no obligation to tell him about my dreams . 
 giving him a recap of what i 'd just dreamt about meant having to relive it , which is something i so did n't want to do . 
 yeah , i knew it was just a nightmare and everything , but the feelings of fear that i 'd felt during it still lingered inside me . 
 and how could i not be afraid ? 
 i 'd dreamt about the death walkers and look how well that had turned out for me . 
 the term `` it was just a dream '' totally did n't apply in my life . 
 i knew there was an actual real-life possibility that i really could run into a. . . 
 what had alex called them ? 
 water faeries . 
 back inside , alex immediately jumped into get-a-hold-of-stephan mode , hitting redial on his phone over and over and over again . 
 several failed attempts later , he took up banging his phone against the table like he thought beating the crap out of it would somehow make stephan miraculously answer the phone . 
 yeah , all that resulted from that was the back of his phone popping off and the battery sling-shooting out across the table . 
 after that , he gave up his redial mission and tucked his phone away in his pocket . 
 feeling tired-my little catnap during the car ride home had done nothing for me-i plopped down in one of the chairs at the table . 
 the box aislin had gotten from adessa was n't too far off on the table in front of me . 
 it looked so much like a jewelry box , with its tiny encrusted jewels and shimmering shade of gold , that i half expected it to be full of pearl necklaces and diamond earrings . 
 but no , inside the box lay a glinting red crystal . 
 i had the urge to reach out and touch it , let my fingers brush along the jagged edges and see what it felt like . 
 but after the whole getting-sucked-away-after-touching-a-foreseers-crystal-ball incident , i decided to resist the urge . 
 `` so this is it . '' 
 alex came over with his hands stuffed inside his pockets and leaned over my shoulder to get a better look at the crystal . 
 `` that 's what 's going to gets us to afton and back . '' 
 aislin , who was sitting across the table from me , nodded enthusiastically . 
 `` adessa said it would work better than any other crystal . '' 
 `` i sure hope so , '' alex uttered under his breath . 
 aislin either did n't hear him or chose to ignore him . 
 `` so we should probably get going . '' 
 alex reached over my shoulder to collect the gold box . 
 `` where do you want this ? '' 
 aislin made grabbing gestures with her hands . 
 `` here , give it to me . '' 
 alex handed it to her and she took out the crystal . 
 she retrieved a lighter out of her pocket and lit the wick of the black candle she 'd brought with her when she transported us from the bus . 
 then she set the candle , the lighter , and the empty gold box down on the table . 
 with her eyes fixed on the glittering red crystal , which she now had grasped in her hand , she asked alex , `` are you ready ? '' 
 `` just a sec . '' 
 alex pointed a finger at laylen . 
 `` before i go , you better be absolutely certain you can handle this . '' 
 laylen rolled his eyes . 
 `` i 'm absolutely certain i can handle this . 
 now go . '' . 
 `` you better be , '' he told him and whipped a finger in my direction . 
 `` and you need to promise that if something does happen , you 'll make sure to get away no matter what . '' 
 `` okay , i will , '' i promised with zero hesitation . 
 he looked surprised by my cooperativeness . 
 hey , i may be a stubborn brat sometimes , but when it came to not getting killed , i was more than willing to cooperate . 
 well , i did have to minus the whole trying-to-jump-out-of-the-car-and-run-away incident back at adessa 's . 
 oh yeah , and the time i 'd tried to run away when i 'd first found out about what i really was . 
 but other than that ... oh fine . 
 whatever . 
 most of the time , i was a brat . 
 but at least i was n't being one now . 
 alex still looked taken aback . 
 `` well good . '' 
 `` now are you ready ? '' 
 aislin asked , dipping the tip of the crystal into the flame . 
 alex scooped the sword of immortality up from the table . 
 `` yeah , i 'm ready . 
 let 's go . '' 
 without taking her eyes off of the crystal , which had now started to smolder a rose tinted cloud of smoke , aislin instructed laylen and me to , `` move back a ways unless you want to get taken with us . '' 
 i followed laylen over to the farthest corner . 
 as soon as we made it over , aislin started whispering , `` per is calx ego lux lucis via . '' 
 the smoke rising up from the candle slowly shifted to the shade of blood red . 
 alex got more fidgety the further aislin got with the whole transporting process . 
 he kept throwing nervous glances at laylen and me , along with a couple of strange looks i could n't quite decipher the meaning of . 
 `` per is calx ego lux lucis via , '' aislin voice grew louder . 
 another strange look from alex , this time directed solely at me . 
 his bright green eyes held so much worry that , for an instant , i thought he might run over to me . 
 i was n't going to lie , the look made me feel kind of edgy . 
 it pushed worried thoughts of my own through my mind , and had me questioning just how high of a chance the death walkers showing up was . 
 high enough for him , mr. stoically calm in frightening situations , to look uneasy . 
 he kept his eyes glued on me as aislin screamed , `` per is calx ego lux lucis via . '' 
 a flash of red . 
 a thunderous burst . 
 and then , just like that , ailsin and alex were gone . 
 i stared at the spot that they 'd vanished from , the electricity fizzling out of my body and leaving a giant empty void in its place . 
 weird . 
 i shook my head , tried my best to tuck the feeling away , and turned to laylen . 
 he was watching me with an expression that could only be translated as curious . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i asked , curious as to what was up with his strange look . 
 `` oh , nothing . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` it 's just that you look so much like her . '' 
 i tilted my head to the side , perplexed . 
 `` like who ? '' 
 `` like your mom . '' 
 whoa . 
 that threw me for a loop-a big , giant , excited loop . 
 i perked up . 
 `` i do ? 
 really ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` yeah . 
 well , except for the color of your eyes . '' 
 i frowned . 
 of course it would exclude the color of my eyes . 
 why would n't it ? 
 no one else had violet eyes . 
 i was really going to have to consider getting some colored contact lenses . 
 `` what is it with you and your eye color ? '' 
 laylen asked , semi-amused . 
 `` you know the color 's not that bad . 
 in fact , it 's pretty awesome . '' 
 `` awesome huh ? 
 i 'd say more like different . '' 
 and freaky . 
 i sighed . 
 `` when you 've been as different as i have the idea of being normal sounds really nice . 
 but you ca n't be one hundred percent normal when you have freaky violet eyes . '' 
 `` yeah , i can understand how you 'd want to be normal , considering everything you 've been through , '' he said as he started for the table . 
 `` but being normal is way overrated . 
 trust me . '' 
 `` oh yeah . '' 
 i followed the keeper/vampire over to the table and sat down . 
 he laughed , dropping down into a chair . 
 `` yep . 
 or at least that 's what i 've been told . '' 
 `` so ... '' i began , wanting to go back to talking about my mom again . 
 `` did you know my mom very well ? '' 
 he nodded , stretching out his legs in front of him . 
 `` i knew her pretty well . '' 
 `` what was she like ? '' 
 i asked eagerly . 
 `` well , she was really nice . 
 there was no bad in her at all , and she was also one of those people who you knew you could trust . '' 
 i was soaking up every word he said like it was the oxygen that kept me alive . 
 his forehead creased over . 
 `` you know i 'm really surprised you do n't remember anything about her . '' 
 `` how could i ? '' 
 i wondered . 
 `` i was only a year old when she died . '' 
 he stared at me , dumbfounded . 
 `` no you were n't . 
 you were four . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` no , i was one . '' 
 `` no , you were n't , '' he insisted . 
 `` a few weeks after you turned four , you went to live with marco and sophia . '' 
 he paused . 
 `` who told you you were one ? '' 
 `` everyone . '' 
 i was trying not to get riled up , but if what laylen was saying was true , how could i not get upset ? 
 `` marco , sophia ... alex. '' `` why would they do that , '' laylen mumbled . 
 `` why would it make a difference whether you were one or if you were four ? '' 
 i was thinking the exact same thing . 
 why would it matter ? 
 and if i really had been four , why would i have no memories of my mom at all ? 
 yeah , i know four is a little young and everything , but still ... you 'd think i 'd be able to remember something about her . 
 but nope . 
 i could n't remember a single thing . 
 laylen remained quiet , fiddling with his lip ring . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' he finally said . 
 `` you do n't need to apologize , '' i reassured him . 
 `` it 's not your fault all of this happened . '' 
 `` it 's partly my fault . '' 
 he rubbed his forehead and let out a stressed sigh . 
 `` i knew what stephan was planning to do to you , and i did n't do anything to stop it . '' 
 `` you were like , what , eight when all this was going on . 
 and besides , '' i said , trying not to let any bitterness sneak into my voice , `` it had to be done to me , right ? 
 i mean , so that the world could be saved and all that . '' 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 he looked lost in thought . 
 `` maybe , i guess . '' 
 i wondered what he meant . 
 was there another reason why my emotions had been shut down ? 
 or had it never been necessary for them to be shut down in the first place ? 
 he tapped his fingers on the table , thinking . 
 `` gemma , what exactly have they told you about you ? '' 
 i gave him a quick recap of everything alex had told me while he 'd been stitching me up . 
 i also told him about the things i 'd pick up on myself ; the list i 'd found back at marco and sophia 's , and the bizarre vision thingy i 'd been pulled into back at the fieldtrip . 
 i even told him about the prickly sensation . 
 i poured my heart and soul out . 
 it felt really good too , like an enormous weight had been lifted off my shoulders . 
 however , there was one thing i never mentioned . 
 the electricity . 
 that detail i just did n't feel like explaining . 
 it was too complicated ... and to personal . 
 after i 'd finished yammering laylen 's ear off , he stayed silent for awhile , and i started to worry that maybe i 'd bored him to death or something . 
 but finally , after what seemed like an eternity , he said , `` i do n't even know what to say gemma . 
 i 'm so sorry , '' that 's when i realized i had n't been boring him to death at all . 
 he 'd just been being a good listener and taking in what i was telling him . 
 i was so use to being the quiet one and never talking , that when it came to being the one getting listened to , i was completely clueless . 
 `` i did n't realize how bad things were for you , '' laylen continued . 
 `` you know what i find strange is that stephan made this big plan to seclude you from everyone to keep you from feeling , but i never thought the plan would actually work . 
 i mean , how can you force a person to become emotionally detached ? '' 
 `` alex told me it was because if you raised a person to never know what things like happiness and sadness and love are , then they would n't know how to feel them . 
 and it was working well too . 
 that is , until a couple of months ago when i suddenly snapped out of it . '' 
 `` but if alex 's little theory is true , then why would you all of a sudden start to feel ? '' 
 he paused . 
 `` and why would they lie to you about how old you were when you went to live with marco and sophia ? 
 it just does n't make sense . '' 
 `` maybe so i would n't try to remember my mother . '' 
 i suggested . 
 i mean , it made sense ; them telling me i had n't been old enough to remember her so that i would n't try to . 
 still , i was n't entirely convinced . 
 they 'd created such a tangled maze of lies , who the heck knew what was true and what was n't . 
 i did know one thing , though . 
 getting the truth out of alex seemed impossible . 
 the guy could lie like no other . 
 `` i guess that could be why , but it still does n't explain why you suddenly started to feel . '' 
 he brushed his blue tipped bangs off of his forehead and sighed . 
 `` gemma , regardless of what alex tells you , stephan ca n't be trusted . '' 
 `` how come ? '' 
 but really , did i even have to ask . 
 stephan was , after all , alex 's father . 
 `` well , there 's been a lot of things stephan 's done that are questionable . 
 one of the worst , though , was when you 're mother disappeared . '' 
 my heart thumped loudly in my chest . 
 `` what do you mean , she disappeared . 
 i-i thought she died ? '' 
 `` well , that 's what stephan told everyone . '' 
 he scooted his chair in closer so that we were practically huddled together . 
 `` right after she went missing , i overheard my parents talking about how jocelyn had this huge fight with stephan over you . 
 she did n't want to give you up , and from what i understand , she was going to make a run for it . 
 when she did , stephan went looking for her , but when he came back , he only had you . 
 he told everyone he could n't find jocelyn anywhere . 
 the keepers searched for her and everything , but no one ever found a single clue as to what could have happened to her . 
 after awhile , they just assumed she died . '' 
 blood howled inside my ears . 
 `` they just assumed she died ? 
 how can anyone just assume someone died ? '' 
 `` mysterious deaths are very common in the keepers world because we are constantly encountering so many dangerous things . '' 
 `` but do you think she died ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` and neither did my parents . 
 i only heard bits and pieces of their conversations , but from what i understood , my parents did n't believe jocelyn just up and died . 
 and they had their suspicions that one of the keepers might have played a part in her disappearance . '' 
 `` and you think its stephan , '' i said , feeling like i might throw up . 
 my mom had n't just died in a car accident . 
 my mom had disappeared . 
 and someone might have made her disappear . 
 `` i ca n't say for sure because i do n't have any proof but ... '' he twisted his lip ring back and forth . 
 `` okay , this is what i know about stephan . 
 first , he is very power hungry , and he likes to be in control of things all times . 
 if anyone gets in the path of what he wants , he 'll do whatever it takes to get rid of them . 
 and because he 's the leader of the keepers , no one questions the decisions he makes . '' 
 `` so you think that he might have gotten rid of my mom so he could have control over me and the star 's power . '' 
 my voice sounded strangely off pitch . 
 `` i think that 's one possibility . 
 but since i have no proof , i ca n't say for sure . '' 
 `` well , maybe you could ask your parents , '' i suggested . 
 `` they might know more about it . '' 
 his bright blue eyes saddened as he leaned back in his chair . 
 `` my parents are dead , gemma . 
 they died in a car accident a few months after all of this happened . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 i felt so bad for bringing it up . 
 nice one gemma . 
 nice one . 
 `` i 'm so sorry . '' 
 `` do n't worry about it . 
 it was a long time ago . '' 
 he was acting like it was n't a big deal , but i knew it really was . 
 `` does alex know about any of this ? '' 
 i asked , shifting the subject away from his parents . 
 he seemed hesitant to answer . 
 `` the thing about alex is that he 's kind of been brainwashed . 
 like how you were with your emotions . 
 he 's got it in his head that stephan can do no wrong . 
 but yeah , i have mentioned it to him and he did n't believe me . '' 
 everything was so confusing ; a bunch of questions with no answer-cliffhangers without endings . 
 i sighed , my mind spinning . 
 `` hey , i have an idea . '' 
 laylen scooted his chair away from table and got to his feet . 
 `` why do n't we take a break from all of this deep talk and go into the kitchen and get you something to eat . '' 
 hmmm ... i was kind of hungry . 
 `` that actually sounds like a good idea . '' 
 i yawned . 
 apparently , i was kind of tired too . 
 he laughed . 
 `` and then maybe you should get some sleep . '' 
 i glanced at the window . 
 the sun 's pale pink glow spilled through the glass . 
 sunrise had arrived and i really did feel tired , but i did n't want to stop our conversation . 
 i wanted to figure out as much as i could before alex returned . 
 `` yeah , i guess i could sleep . '' 
 hearing the reluctance in my voice laylen said , `` do n't worry . 
 we 'll finish talking about this . 
 i promise . '' 
 i sure hoped so . 
 we went into the kitchen and laylen began cooking me some eggs . 
 yes , a vampire/keeper was making me eggs . 
 crazy , right ? 
 i was sitting on one of the barstools that encircled the midnight blue countertop island , waiting patiently . 
 i would 've been helping him cook , but he 'd refused to let me when i 'd offered . 
 the pan sizzled as laylen dragged the spatula through the eggs . 
 it had been quiet for a little while now , so when he suddenly spoke , it startled me . 
 `` gemma , do you still have the list of dates you told me about ? '' 
 instinctively , i reached for my pocket , but quickly realized i was wearing aislin 's skirt . 
 the piece of paper with the list of dates was tucked away in the pocket of my jeans , which yes , of course , aislin had thrown into the washing machine . 
 `` ah , crap . '' 
 laylen turned , spatula in hand . 
 `` what 's the matter ? '' 
 `` the list is in the pocket of my jeans , '' i explained . 
 `` the ones aislin threw in the washing machine . '' 
 he cursed under his breath . 
 `` well , i think it 's probably a goner . '' 
 `` crap ! '' 
 i said again . 
 `` now what am i supposed to do ? '' 
 the pan hissed , and he swiftly turned the oven temperature down . 
 `` do you remember any of the dates on it ? '' 
 `` just one of them . '' 
 i sighed , frustrated that the list of dates was gone forever . 
 `` february 8th . 
 and i only remember that one because it was the first day i 'd felt the prickle and started to experience emotion . '' 
 he moved the pan off of the burner . 
 `` okay , that 's weird ... was there anything that seemed significant about any of the other dates ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` nope . 
 they all seemed random except for the february 8th one . '' 
 shaking his head , he took a plate out of the cupboard . 
 `` it just does n't make sense . 
 the list of dates . 
 the prickle . 
 if alex 's theory about how you lost your emotions is true , then how would a prickly feeling be able to jump start your feelings ? '' 
 he scooped some eggs onto the plate . 
 `` you know what it sounds like , right ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` like magic . '' 
 `` magic , '' i said very slowly . 
 `` like witch magic . '' 
 like aislin 's witch magic ? 
 he slid the plate of eggs across the counter to me . 
 `` maybe , but it could be something else . 
 in our world there are a ton of things that would be able to wipe out a person 's ability to feel . '' 
 i was just about to take a bite of my eggs , but his words made me drop my fork . 
 `` you think they wiped out my emotions . '' 
 `` it 's possible , but like i said , there are tons of possibilities . 
 with what you 've told me , though , i 'm starting to think that some kind of magic was involved . '' 
 i was n't hungry anymore . 
 with all the stomachaches i was getting lately , i wondered if i was getting an ulcer . 
 `` gemma are you okay ? 
 you look a little pale . '' 
 `` i 'm fine . '' 
 i swallowed the lump in my throat . 
 `` my stomach just feels a little queasy . '' 
 `` food looks that bad , huh ? '' 
 he joked , trying to lighten the mood . 
 i summoned a small smile . 
 `` no , it looks really good . '' 
 i took a bite . 
 it did taste good . 
 laylen scrapped the leftover bits and pieces of egg out of the pan and into the garbage , and then rinsed the pan off in the sink . 
 `` you 're not eating , '' i asked , scooping up another forkful of eggs . 
 he shut off the faucet . 
 `` no ... i do n't eat . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 i felt so stupid . 
 of course he did n't eat . 
 he was a vampire after all . 
 `` gotcha . '' 
 i ate my eggs and watched him with curiosity as he wiped down the countertops and stove . 
 if you 'd have asked me a day ago whether i would 've ever thought that i 'd be sitting in the kitchen with a vampire , eating eggs , all while trying to unravel the secrets that belonged to a group of people whose mission it was to save the world , i 'd have told you no . 
 then i would 've run for my life because i 'd have thought you were a total psychopath . 
 `` laylen , '' i dragged my fork through my eggs . 
 `` can i ask you a question ? '' 
 he tossed aside the towel he 'd been wiping the counters off with and turned to face me . 
 `` sure . 
 what 's up ? '' 
 i hoped i was n't crossing a line here . 
 `` how exactly did you get turned in to a vampire ? '' 
 he crossed his arms over his chest , muscles flexing , and leaned back against the counter , looking confused . 
 `` i do n't ... i ca n't remember . '' 
 `` is that how it normally works ? '' 
 i shoved another forkful of eggs into my mouth . 
 he shook his head . 
 `` memory loss is n't a side effect from getting bit . 
 something else had to of happened to me ... the only thing i can remember about that night is coming out of a club alone and thinking i heard a noise from behind me . 
 when i turned around , everything went black . 
 i 'm not sure if i blacked out or what , but when i did come to , i was sprawled out in alley with a bite mark on my neck . '' 
 he pointed at the immortality mark on his forearm . 
 `` and of course this lovely little thing was on my arm . 
 it took me a few days before i figured out i 'd been bitten by a vampire . 
 i started getting all of these weird ... cravings . 
 but luckily , because i was a keeper to begin with , the cravings were fairly easy to control . '' 
 he made his way around the island and took a seat on a barstool next to mine . 
 `` what 's really strange is that i 've been told by other vampires that the change is supposed to be this big , memorable experience , yet i ca n't remember a single thing about it . '' 
 i had a flashback to when alex had opened up one of shoji doors back at the black dungeon , and i 'd witnessed the vampire about to bite the seemingly willing man . 
 my gut instinct told me not to ask , but curiosity got the best of me . 
 `` do humans let vampires bite them ? '' 
 his eyes widened . 
 `` wha-why would you ask that ? '' 
 they say curiosity killed the cat . 
 `` because when we were in the black dungeon , and alex and i were running from the death walkers , he opened a door and there was a woman vampire getting ready to bite a man . 
 and the man seemed ... well , he seemed really relaxed for someone who was just about to get bit . '' 
 by the look on his face , i could tell i was making him uncomfortable . 
 `` yeah ... some people do . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 i scrapped the last of my eggs off of my plate . 
 `` would n't that mean they 'd turn into a vampire themselves . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` that 's not how it works . 
 they 'd have to bite you , and then you 'd have to drink their blood . 
 really , it 's this whole big ordeal . 
 see , and there 's another problem with me turning into a vampire . 
 i know i would n't voluntarily drink vampire 's blood . '' 
 `` that does seem strange ... '' about as strange as me not being able to remember the details of my life . 
 hmmm ... are we seeing a connection here ? 
 `` so when you turned into a vampire , did you have to die or anything ? '' 
 the reason i 'd asked was because in a few of the vampire-themed books i 've read , the humans who would drink the vampires blood would have to die right after in order to turn into one . 
 `` no , i had to die , '' he said charily . 
 i choked on my eggs , bits and pieces spewing from my mouth and nose . 
 ewe ... so gross . 
 `` you died ? '' 
 i coughed . 
 `` yeah , but i do n't remember that part either . 
 i just know that i had to die in order to be what i am now , '' he said with a matter-of-fact attitude . 
 i eyed him over , taking note of his pale skin , his extremely red lips , and his abnormally bright blue eyes . 
 as bad as this was going to sound , i had to admit , for a dead guy , he looked pretty good . 
 i wiped my mouth with the back of my hand . 
 `` so i still do n't get it . 
 why would someone let a vampire bite them ? '' 
 he gave a quiet laugh . 
 `` you really ask a lot of questions , do n't you ? '' 
 `` sorry , '' i said , feeling stupid . 
 `` no , it 's okay . '' 
 he took a deep breath , which puzzled me . 
 i mean if he was dead , then why was he breathing ? 
 but since he 'd just pointed out that i ask a lot of questions , i decided to stick a tack in that one for now . 
 `` human 's let vampires bite them for a few different reasons . 
 there 's the whole thrill of the danger that being bit brings . 
 sometimes it 's out of sheer curiosity . 
 but most of the time , people do it to stimulate their ... desires '' okay , so i 've felt embarrassed before , but never absolutely mortified . 
 wow . 
 it had been awhile since i 'd felt the prickle . 
 i could feel my face heating up , so i let pieces of my hair drift down across my face . 
 `` yeah ... so anyways , '' laylen said , in an attempt to change the subject and remove the awkward silence that had gripped the air . 
 `` going back to that prickle thing you were talking about . 
 do you feel it every time you experience an emotion ? 
 or does it just happen every once and awhile ? '' 
 `` it only happens when i experience a new emotion , '' i told him and then shivered , suddenly feeling cold . 
 he considered this . 
 `` hmm ... i do n't think i 've heard of anything like that . 
 but seeing as that there are hundreds of different forms of magic out there , there are a lot of things i have n't heard of . '' 
 `` so how can we find out ? '' 
 i shivered again . 
 it was getting really cold . 
 he cocked an eyebrow at me . 
 `` are you cold ? '' 
 i rubbed my hands up and down my arms . 
 `` i 'm freezing . 
 are n't you ? '' 
 `` i always run cold . '' 
 he glanced around the kitchen , and then he jumped up from the stool and sprinted over to the window . 
 `` what are you looking at ? '' 
 i stood up and walked over beside him . 
 `` is there something out there ? '' 
 `` what the - '' he jumped back , curse words flying . 
 `` how the heck did they find us ? '' 
 `` what are you ... oh ! '' 
 i panicked . 
 `` the death walkers are here ! '' 
 he looked at me , his beautiful bright blues eyes flooding with a sea of fear . 
 `` yeah , there right outside . '' 
 chapter 24 `` should n't we be hiding or something ? '' 
 i asked laylen . 
 after discovering a swarm of death walkers marching across the desert toward the house , laylen had grabbed me by the arm and sprinted down the hall back to the room where alex and aislin had transported from . 
 then he 'd started throwing books off of the shelves . 
 what was the purpose of this , i could n't tell you . 
 maybe he was having a momentarily lapse in sanity-too much stress or something . 
 i do n't know but what i did know was that i was freaking out . 
 `` laylen ! '' 
 i hollered over the thudding of the books hitting the floor . 
 `` what are you doing ?! '' 
 a book flew straight at me , and i had to dodge to the side to avoid getting smacked in the face by it . 
 `` there 's a key somewhere around here ... '' he glanced inside a book and tossed it on the floor , `` to a trapdoor just below that rug . '' 
 he nodded at a black and red checkered rug on the floor . 
 `` we can hide you there until ... '' he chucked a book over his shoulder and it landed on the floor right in front of my feet . 
 `` until what ? '' 
 i asked anxiously . 
 jeez , would he just finish a sentence already . 
 there were tons of death walkers heading right for us , burning with the desire to kill me . 
 he ripped an old leather-bound book from the shelf and flipped it open . 
 `` until i can lead them away from here ... get you out of dan ... '' his blue eyes lit up as he plucked a small , silver object out of the inside of the cover . 
 he dropped the book on the floor and hurried over to me . 
 `` here we go . '' 
 he held up the silver object , which as it turned out was a key . 
 `` what 's it for ? '' 
 i asked , my voice taking on that high , pitchy sound that seemed to come out whenever i was in a stressful situation . 
 i flitted a quick glance over at the window , wondering how close the death walkers were , but could n't see anything because of the curtains . 
 `` laylen , i really think - '' `` just a second . '' 
 he went over to the rug and flipped it over . 
 there was a small square carved in the hardwood floor that had a key hole and an indent for a handle . 
 it looked like one of those trapdoors used on stages back in the olden days . 
 he knelt down and slipped the key into the keyhole . 
 click and then he raised the door up . 
 `` hurry up and get inside . '' 
 was he kidding me ? 
 i stared down at the mysterious dark hole , my feet glued to the floor . 
 `` you want me to do what ? '' 
 `` get inside and hide . '' 
 i stole a glance back at the curtain-covered widow . 
 the air was getting chillier by the second . 
 goose bumps dotted my arms and legs . 
 they had to be getting close . 
 `` gemma . '' 
 the sound of laylen 's angry voice snapped my attention away from the window and back to him . 
 `` but what are you going to do ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he gave me a duh look , and i understood . 
 he was going to stay up here and fight while i hid like a coward . 
 my gut twisted with guilt just like it had back at the black dungeon when alex and i had run away and left aislin and laylen behind . 
 i started to argue . 
 `` but i - '' he cut me off . 
 `` look , i know it 's hard-always being the one who has to hide . 
 but that 's just the way it has to be . 
 you ca n't change who you are no matter how much you want to . 
 trust me . '' 
 `` this is n't right . '' 
 i told him . 
 ignoring what i said , he held out the key for me to take . 
 `` this key also locks the door from the inside . 
 make sure you lock it when you get in . '' 
 frowning , i snatched the key from him , stomped over to the trapdoor , and sat down on the floor with my legs dangling in the hole . 
 `` i still do n't think this is right , '' i said as i lowered myself down into the hole . 
 it was dark inside , and the ceiling brushed the top of my head . 
 if i 'd been a sufferer of claustrophobia , i 'd have been in trouble . 
 thankfully , i was n't . 
 i looked up at laylen and he reached down . 
 in his hand was a golden handled , silver bladed knife . 
 `` if something does happen , '' he said , `` take this and aim it straight for their heart . 
 it might weaken them enough to give you a chance to run away . '' 
 i reluctantly took the knife , the handle feeling cold against my skin . 
 `` and where exactly i 'm i supposed to run ? '' 
 `` to the car . 
 the key 's in the ignition . 
 try to find your way back to adessa 's . 
 she 'll be able to help you , at least until someone gets there . '' 
 yeah , fat chance that was ever going to happen , seeing is how it was dark when we 'd driven out to vegas , and i had a really bad sense of direction . 
 a loud thud . 
 it sounded close-maybe even inside the house . 
 `` do n't come out until you know it 's safe , '' he whispered , before dropping the door shut . 
 darkness suffocated me . 
 i reached up and fumbled around until i found the lock . 
 it took me a minute to get the key in it , but i managed . 
 above me , i could hear a lot of banging . 
 the cold had crystallized the air and was biting against my skin . 
 i shivered and chattered and every one of my senses felt hyperaware . 
 i could n't see the outcome of this situation ending well-laylen up there alone , trying to fight who knows how many death walkers without the sword of immortality , while i hid down here , freezing to death . 
 even if the death walkers did n't kill me , the cold probably would . 
 okay , so i do n't know if you 've ever hidden in a trapdoor before , but let me just say , for those of you who have n't , considered yourself lucky . 
 with absolutely no light , and no way to see above me , i had no clue as to what the heck was going on . 
 there was a lot of thumping and scrapping , and all i could do was stay hidden , crossing my fingers , hoping that by some miracle laylen would suddenly throw open the door and tell me it was okay to come up . 
 of course that never happened , though . 
 the noises did start to dwindle down , which made me start to consider going back up . 
 i mean , what other option did i have ? 
 i could n't just hide down here forever . 
 laylen had said to wait until it was safe . 
 quiet had to mean safe , right ? 
 yeah , that might have been a little bit of a stretch , but i was going with it . 
 i took a trembling breath , trying to calm my nerves . 
 my hand quivered as i felt around and found the lock , the metal frosting my fingertips . 
 so not a good sign . 
 i slid the key in and unlocked the door . 
 okay , you can do this . 
 i let out a breath and pushed on the door . 
 it did n't budge . 
 i tried again . 
 nothing . 
 something was on top of it . 
 that something i hoped was the rug . 
 i put the knife into the back pocket of my skirt , and using both my hands , i shoved as hard as i could against the door , grunting and cursing , until the thing finally flew open , hitting the floor with a loud thud , which was so not a good start . 
 my gut twisted , and i could feel the eggs i 'd eaten earlier on the verge of forcing their way back up . 
 i waited a second , listening for any warning sounds , but everything had grown eerily still . 
 a good sign or bad one , i was n't sure . 
 but there was only one way to find out . 
 with shaky arms , i heaved myself out of the hole and scrambled to my feet . 
 i did a quick scan of the room . 
 the window was shattered , the bright sunlight seeping inside . 
 books were strewn about the floor , but laylen had done that early . 
 the most terrifying thing was the icicles hanging from the ceiling , long and pointy and sharp . 
 the death walkers had to be close . 
 i needed to come up with a plan . 
 and quick . 
 i knew what i was supposed to do-run out to the car and go to adessa 's - but the thought of leaving laylen behind was gnawing at my insides . 
 so instead , i did something really stupid . 
 i started for the door to go find laylen . 
 i took the knife out of my back pocket and cracked opened the door . 
 peeking out into the hall , i could see my breath rising in a cloud in front of me . 
 another bad sign . 
 i inched the door open and glanced up and down the hallway . 
 the coast looked clear . 
 i opened up the door the rest of the way and stepped out . 
 the floor was glazed with ice , giving it an ice-skating rink effect . 
 now as you all know , i am not miss coordinated by any means , so i had to brace my hand against the wall as i slowly crept down the hallway toward the back of the house , my feet slipping with every step . 
 i made it about halfway when it occurred to me just how dumb of an idea this was . 
 why , you ask , was it a dumb idea ? 
 well , because a death walker had suddenly appeared at the end of the hallway , and at the pace i was moving , it was going to take a heck of a lot of time for me to make it anywhere . 
 i spun around as quickly as my legs would allow me to . 
 i lost my balance for a split second and almost ended up face planting it . 
 almost though , but not quite . 
 keeping my hand pressed to the wall , i glided across the icy floor , making my way back down the hall . 
 the front door was n't that far off , but when i turned to check on the death walker , it was darting effortlessly toward me , and i knew there was a slim to none chance i was going make it to the front door . 
 panicking , i made a hasty decision to go back inside the room i 'd just come out of . 
 i slammed the door behind me and locked it , knowing full well that locking it was n't going to do much to stop the monstrous beast . 
 all i could hope for was that it would slow it down enough for me to make it out the window and to the garage . 
 but i only made it halfway across the room when the door came crashing in . 
 i took off , running as fast as i could . 
 i made it to the window and started to climb out , but then i heard a crackling sound float up from underneath me . 
 i knew what that sound belonged to . 
 ice . 
 and it was crawling up from beneath me and webbing its way to window . 
 i had to jump back or else i 'd have been frozen over with ice myself . 
 seconds later , the window was completely sealed off by a thick wall of ice . 
 i tried chipping away at the ice with my knife , but it was useless . 
 the wall was way too thick . 
 i was trapped . 
 a cold chill shot up my spine , and i slowly turned around . 
 the death walker towered ominously in front of me . 
 my breathing faltered out as i stared my death in the eyes-its yellow , soulless eyes that held the passion to kill . 
 my death was coming . 
 no . 
 i could n't give up . 
 not with the fate of the world resting in my hands . 
 or inside me i should say . 
 i had to save myself in order to save the world . 
 i could feel the cold handle of the knife pressing into the palm of my hand , and without a glitch of hesitation , i swung it forward , aiming the blade straight at the death walker 's heart , just like laylen had told me to do . 
 now i 'm not going to lie and say that i was n't the least bit surprised when the knife actually dove into the monsters chest . 
 the death walker let out an ear clawing shriek , and its eyes fired up beneath its black cloak before burning out into to black holes i 'd done it . 
 i 'd freaking done the impossible . 
 i 'd been able to take one of them down . 
 or at least that 's what i thought . 
 moments later , i learned a very important lesson . 
 never assume anything because , in the snap of a finger , the death walker lunged at me , huffing out a fog of frost-bitten air that hit me directly in the chest . 
 every ounce of my oxygen was sucked out of me . 
 struggling to breathe , i collapsed to the floor , my body paralyzed with cold and fear . 
 lightheaded and unable to move , i waited for it to attack again , this time finishing me off . 
 the monster staggered toward me , swaying like a drunken man as it tipped backwards , then forwards , before finally losing its balance altogether and toppling to the ground , landing only inches away from me . 
 i let out a wheeze . 
 was it dead ? 
 had i killed it ? 
 no , do n't assume anything . 
 laylen said that stabbing a death walker would only slow it down . 
 i needed to get my butt off the floor and make a run for the car while i still could . 
 problem was my legs and arms were n't having any part of it . 
 they would n't budge . 
 what on earth had the thing breathed on me ? 
 was that what was causing me to be paralyzed ? 
 or was i just freezing to death from the cold ? 
 i needed help . 
 i opened my mouth to scream but only a croak escaped . 
 i tried to get to my feet again , but it was useless . 
 every ounce of my strength had slipped away . 
 i was so sleepy . 
 my eyelids drifted shut . 
 `` this was not part of the plan , '' a man 's voice snarled . 
 `` we were supposed to keep her secluded from humanity . 
 that was the deal . '' 
 what the ... my eyes shot open . 
 i was no longer at laylen 's but curled up in a ball behind a chair in an unfamiliar , dark room . 
 the walls were carved of stone , and underneath where i lay was a persian rug . 
 fear skyrocketed through me . 
 i 'd been sucked away again , just like i had during the telescope incident . 
 and like the telescope incident , i had n't touched a foreseer 's ball , which had me wondering if i might possess the ability to conjure up visions without one . 
 i slowly sat up and strained my ears to listen to the voices on the other side of the chair . 
 `` i understand what the plan is , demetrius . '' 
 it was a different man 's voice from the first one i 'd heard , deep and low . 
 it was a voice that i could almost recognize . 
 `` but you need to understand that there are obstacles i have to work around . 
 some of the other keepers are becoming suspicious of me . '' 
 huh ? 
 demetrius ? 
 keepers ? 
 from what alex had told me , these two were like complete enemies with one another . 
 demetrius was the one who wanted me dead , and the one who controlled the death walkers . 
 so why was someone who was a keeper talking to him ? 
 `` yes , the keeper 's , '' the first man , who i now knew had to be demetrius , replied . 
 `` so what is it you 've done to make them suspicious of you , my good friend ? '' 
 `` well , it seems that the girl 's mother has disappeared , '' the other man , which i assumed was a keeper , said . 
 `` and there 's been some speculation that i might have had something to do with her disappearance . '' 
 `` has there , '' demetrius replied thoughtfully . 
 `` well , is n't that interesting . '' 
 `` very , '' the keeper replied with laughter in his voice . 
 something dawned on me , and every part of my body tightened . 
 could they ... could they be talking about my mother and me ? 
 no . 
 there was no way . 
 was there ? 
 if they were talking about her , i had to know . 
 i had to know what this keeper looked like . 
 in all the other vision-like things i 'd been sucked into , no one had been able to see me . 
 i was hoping it was the same here . 
 very carefully , i peeked around the side of the chair . 
 standing in front of a fireplace were two men . 
 one significantly taller than the other one , with dark hair that brushed his shoulder tops . 
 he had on a long , black cloak that looked a lot like the ones the death walkers wore . 
 the other man-the shorter one-was dressed head to toe in black , and his black hair was slicked backed . 
 the fire casted an orange glow on to their faces , which , of course , were blurred over by a sheet of haze . 
 i should have known . 
 `` i need you to be patient , demetrius , '' said the shorter man-the keeper whose name i did n't know . 
 `` i 'll make sure the girl stay 's safe until the time is right . '' 
 `` you better . '' 
 the man wearing the cloak-demetrius-warned . 
 `` otherwise you 're out . '' 
 `` watch who you 're threatening . '' 
 mr. no name keeper replied , pointing his finger sharply at demetrius . 
 `` you 're walking a very thin line right now . '' 
 a sudden snap of light blazed across the keeper man 's face . 
 the haze covering his face momentarily flickered away before returning to a blur again . 
 but the flicker lasted just long enough for me to see a faint white scar scuffing his cheek . 
 i gasped . 
 it was the man from my nightmares . 
 the one who always stepped out of the shadows of the forest right after the death walker captured me . 
 `` did you hear that ? '' 
 the man with the scar asked . 
 demetrius shook his head . 
 `` hear what ? '' 
 scar man held up his hand , and his head turned in my direction i threw my trembling hand over my mouth and sank back behind the chair . 
 this was n't supposed to happen . 
 he was n't supposed to be able to see me . 
 heavy footsteps treaded toward where i hid . 
 my body shook with fear . 
 if he caught me , i knew he 'd kill me , just like he did in my nightmares . 
 `` i could have sworn ... '' his voice drifted over the back of the chair . 
 i shut my eyes . 
 please wake up . 
 please wake up . 
 please ... `` gemma , wake up . '' 
 electricity sparkled across my skin , which meant ... i cracked open my eyes . 
 i was back at laylen 's , and yes , alex was there , standing over me , looking utterly terrified . 
 but why ? 
 why was he looking at me like that ? 
 `` what the heck happened ? '' 
 his voice cracked . 
 i opened my mouth to speak , but nothing came out but a wheeze . 
 what was wrong with me ? 
 was my voice broken ? 
 then it all came rushing back to me . 
 the death walker . 
 it 's breath hitting me in the chest . 
 being paralyzed . 
 panicking , i tried to will my cold limbs to move . 
 they did n't . 
 `` stay still , '' alex told me and turned to...aislin-i had n't even notice she was there until now . 
 `` go see if you can find laylen . '' 
 her bright green eyes were wide . 
 `` what are you going to do ? '' 
 `` i 'm not sure , '' alex said , glancing down at me . 
 `` her skin 's already gone blue . '' 
 blue ! 
 i struggled to lift my hand up so i could check out the damage , but then remembered i could n't move . 
 aislin had a purple duffel bag draped over her shoulder , and she let it fall to the floor . 
 `` alex , are you going to be able to stop it from ... because you know if you ca n't then - '' `` just go ! '' 
 he yelled . 
 she flinched , spun around , and dashed out the door . 
 alex immediately went into save gemma mode . 
 he slipped off his jacket and knelt down on the floor beside me . 
 `` okay , '' he mumbled to himself as he assessed me over . 
 he wrapped his arms around me and helped me sit up , every bone in my body feeling as though it was going to snap like a twig . 
 then he leaned me into him . 
 right away , the electricity started working its magic , thawing my frozen body and lifting the cold away . 
 i could breathe again and even wiggle my fingertips a little . 
 `` it 's going to be okay , '' he whispered . 
 well , this was a nice change . 
 put me on the verge of dying and he was all for being nice to me . 
 and as strange as it was , i actually felt content . 
 all of my problems , big or small , seemed irrelevant at the moment . 
 moments later , my breathing had returned to normal . 
 and i was shivering , which was a good sign because that meant i was no longer paralyzed . 
 he rubbed his hand up and down my back . 
 `` well , at least you 're moving again . '' 
 `` yeah , at least there 's that . '' 
 i croaked . 
 he laughed , his breath ticking at my neck . 
 i was starting to feel better now , but i made no effort to try and move away from him . 
 i sat there and let him rub my back and whisper that it was all going to be okay because ... well , because it felt nice . 
 and no , i had n't forgotten about all the lies and unsolved mysteries that seemed to center around alex. it was just that his arms being around me felt so comforting , and hey , i was only human ... or at least partly human ... i think . 
 `` gemma . '' 
 alex murmured . 
 `` what . '' 
 my voice sounded strangely euphoric . 
 `` did you do that ? '' 
 `` do what ? '' 
 `` stab that thing . '' 
 i raised my head away from his shoulder and followed his gaze to the death walker sprawled on the floor , a knife sticking out of its chest . 
 `` yeah , i did . 
 laylen told me if i ran into one of them to stab it in the chest and run . 
 but it breathed this cloud thingy on me , and i could n't move my body anymore . '' 
 `` that cloud thingy is called the chill of death , '' he said then muttered , `` i ca n't believe you actually stabbed one of them . '' 
 chill of death . 
 well , that sounded lovely . 
 `` i think i took it off-guard or something . '' 
 `` still , it 's not - '' aislin walked into the room . 
 when she caught sight of us , she hit a dead halt and pressed her hand over her heart . 
 `` oh my gosh . 
 i 'm so glad you 're alright . 
 i thought - '' `` aislin , '' alex warned . 
 i knew what he was trying to do . 
 he was trying to stop her from breaking the bad news to me that i 'd almost died . 
 but i 'd figured that out the moment the chill of death had hit me . 
 `` where 's laylen . '' 
 alex let go of me and rose to his feet . 
 i tried not to act too disappointed about him letting me go as i struggled to get to my feet . 
 my legs wobbled and the room spun and i almost fell right back down . 
 fortunately , i was getting really good with being dizzy and worked my way through the spinning without falling on my butt . 
 `` he was just behind me , '' aislin said at the very same moment laylen ran into the room . 
 he slammed the door behind him , the icicles on the ceiling rattling in protest . 
 he went to lock the door , but the death walker-the one i 'd stabbed-had broken the lock when it had come crashing into the room . 
 `` son of a - '' he smashed his fist against the door . 
 `` we need to get out of here ! 
 now ! '' 
 he hastily shoved one of the bookshelves against the door . 
 may i add here , that it was a very heavy bookshelf , at which he was able to pick up very easily . 
 so he was strong . 
 `` there 's more of them ! '' 
 alex cried , and i suddenly was aware that he had the sword of immortality gripped in his hand . 
 laylen gaped at him . 
 `` yeah , there 's more . 
 what did you think-that one single death walker showed up ? '' 
 alex glared at laylen and took a threatening step toward him . 
 `` guys , '' aislin stepped between them , `` you can fight all you want later . 
 right now , we need to get out of here before the rest of them find us , or that thing decides to wake up . '' 
 she pointed at the unconscious death walker lying on the floor . 
 `` that one is n't ever going to wake up , '' alex said , yanking out the small knife i 'd stabbed into its chest . 
 he tossed the knife aside , the blade covered with a thick black goo . 
 then he raised the sword of immortality into the air and drove it deep into the death walkers chest . 
 honestly , i was expecting this big ordeal . 
 like the death 's eyes would shoot open , or it would jumped to its feet and let out one of those horrible screams i 'd heard it do before . 
 but nothing happened . 
 there was no scream . 
 no opening of the eyes . 
 no movement at all . 
 perhaps because it was already unconscious ? 
 alex heaved the sword back out and wiped the black goo off on the death walkers cloak . 
 `` can you transport us out of here ? '' 
 he asked aislin . 
 `` i do n't know ... four people is a lot to do at once . '' 
 she paused , mulling it over . 
 `` but if i made two trips it might work . '' 
 `` okay ... '' alex 's gaze drifted over to laylen , then me , before landing back on aislin . 
 `` you should take gemma and me first since she 's the most important one to get out of here . 
 then you can come back and get laylen . '' 
 he turned to laylen . 
 `` if that 's okay with you ? '' 
 laylen shrugged . 
 `` whatever . 
 but you might want to hurry up . 
 there were a bunch of them heading across the desert right for us . 
 i 've already taken care of two of them , but when the rest show up , even the sword of immortality is n't going to help . '' 
 alex nodded and gathered up two duffel bags-one black , one grey-from off of the floor . 
 `` why does laylen always have to be the one to stay behind ? '' 
 i asked alex as he swung the black duffel bag over his shoulder . 
 `` because i need to be the one watching you , '' he answered simply . 
 `` i leave for only a couple of hours and all hell breaks loose . '' 
 `` that was n't laylen 's fault , though , '' i argued . 
 `` i was the one who came out of the hiding place that he told me to stay in . '' 
 `` he was the one responsible for you , therefore it 's his fault , '' alex said , loud enough for laylen to hear . 
 laylen did n't say a word . 
 i opened my mouth to protest that it was n't his fault . 
 it was my fault-i should 've stayed in the stupid trapdoor . 
 but laylen gave me this look that told me not to even bother . 
 i sighed . 
 `` oh , fine . 
 whatever . '' 
 alex gave laylen a dirty look-i had no idea why , though , since he was the one being rude-and tossed a grey duffel bag at me . 
 instead of catching it , i hopped to the side . 
 like i said , i 'm not coordinated and know not to even try . 
 `` we picked up some of your clothes while we were at your house , '' he told me , his tone clipped . 
 frowning , i swiped up the bag . 
 the idea of ailsin and him digging through my clothes made me squirm . 
 `` so did you find marco and sophia ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` nope . '' 
 `` what about stephan ? '' 
 `` nope . '' 
 he was being a total jerk so , whatever , i just stopped talking . 
 so aislin and alex had n't been able to find anyone back in afton . 
 i thought back to the conversation laylen and i had about stephan and my mom 's `` disappearance , '' and how laylen had said alex was brainwashed . 
 maybe laylen was right . 
 what if they 'd really found marco and sophia ? 
 what if they 'd really found stephan ? 
 what if this was all a ruse to get me somewhere where they could force me to stop feeling . 
 `` gemma . '' 
 alex 's voice ripped me out of my daze . 
 he 'd moved over beside aislin and was motioning for me to come over . 
 i scurried over right as aislin dipped the tip of the candle into the flame . 
 `` wait a sec . '' 
 she pulled the crystal back out . 
 `` where are we going ? '' 
 `` to the hartfield cabin , '' alex replied . 
 `` no one ever goes up there , so it should be safe for now . '' 
 she nodded and started twisting the crystal in the flame . 
 `` per is calyx ego lox lucid via , '' she whispered . 
 red tinted smoke rose up from the candle . 
 i glanced back at laylen , who was leaning against the bookshelf that was holding the door shut . 
 i hated to leave him behind . 
 i know i barely knew him , but out of everyone in my life , he was the only one who was truthful with me . 
 and now , i had to go off with alex , the guru of lie twisting . 
 do n't get me wrong , i was n't afraid of alex or anything . 
 but trying to figure out which of the stuff he said was real , and which of the stuff he said was crap , was difficult . 
 especially with all the constant buzzing . 
 laylen mouthed for me to be careful . 
 i nodded , letting him know i understood what he meant-watch your back . 
 `` per is calx ego lux lucis via ! '' 
 aislin shouted . 
 the crystal was glowing bright red . 
 smoke was rising wildly in the air . 
 alex unexpectedly slipped his arm around my waist , shocking me , and my muscles tensed up . 
 `` so you do n't fall on your face like the last time when we transported , '' he explained to me with a small amount of amusement in his voice . 
 it was a good idea , i guess . 
 i closed my eyes and grasped on to the handle of my bag . 
 i heard a loud bang and then ... i was falling . 
 or flying ? 
 i was n't exactly sure . 
 when i opened my eyes back up , i was in a different room that had dusty white sheets draped over all of the furniture . 
 a grey and tan stone fireplace layered one of the walls , and the rest of them were made of logs . 
 alex instantly let go of my waist . 
 he 'd been right . 
 holding on to me had kept me from falling . 
 aislin relit the black candle . 
 `` i 'll be right back . '' 
 alex took me by the arm and guided me away from her . 
 `` hurry , please , '' he told her in an anxious voice . 
 she gave him a small smile and plunged the crystal into the flame . 
 `` per is calx ego lux lucis via , '' she said . 
 this time she disappeared quickly . 
 maybe because it was just her ? 
 i dropped my bag on the floor and sat down on a marble step that extended out from the fireplace . 
 alex sat down too . 
 neither of us spoke as we waited for aislin and laylen to return . 
 we waited . 
 and waited . 
 about ten minutes ticked by , and alex got to his feet and started pacing back and forth across room . 
 i kept my eyes glued to the spot where aislin had vanished from and chewed on my fingernails , which was so weird since it had n't been a previous habit of mine . 
 an old grandfather clock towering in the corner struck the hour of ten , devastatingly announcing that way too much time had gone by . 
 they should have been here by now . 
 alex stopped pacing and stared vacantly at the clock . 
 i hated to say it-i hated to even think it-but i had to know . 
 `` they 're not coming back , are they ? '' 
 with the most heart wrenching look on his face he said , `` no , i do n't think they are . '' 
 chapter 25 i 'd been sitting on the foot of the fireplace , watching alex tug sheets off of the furniture , for about fifteen minutes now . 
 i think it was his way of trying to distract himself from the fact that something terrible may have happened to laylen and aislin . 
 he 'd tried to call them but could n't get a signal on his phone from all the way up here . 
 i was n't sure where `` all the way up here '' was , because he had n't established that yet . 
 i had n't said anything to him because i had no idea what to say . 
 i could have tried to be positive and tell him reassuring things like , hey , maybe aislin had just broken her crystal again . 
 but who would i be trying to kid ? 
 we both knew there was a slim to none chance that was the case . 
 we just were n't that lucky . 
 obviously . 
 `` so ... '' i began , still in the middle of deciding what to say . 
 `` what is this place , anyway ? '' 
 he yanked a sheet off of a forest green couch that had tiny moose embroider on it . 
 `` it 's a cabin i used to come to when i was little . '' 
 he drew a sheet off of a lamp and dust flew everywhere . 
 i sneezed . 
 `` so what do we do now ? '' 
 `` we 're going to drive into town so i can get a signal on my phone . '' 
 he unzipped his duffel bag . 
 `` then we 'll try and get a hold of someone . '' 
 i bit at my fingernails . 
 yeah , i was still doing that . 
 `` so where exactly are we ? '' 
 he nodded at a window masked by a curtain . 
 `` in the middle of nowhere , basically . '' 
 `` the middle of nowhere . '' 
 i stood up , went over to the window , and threw back the curtain . 
 then i grimaced . 
 steep mountains and pine trees everywhere . 
 and yes , of course , a thick blanket of crisp white snow was covering it all . 
 `` yuck , '' i muttered and let the curtain fall . 
 why , oh why , could n't we have gone somewhere warm ? 
 like say hawaii . 
 i sighed . 
 man , i sounded like a selfish brat ; complaining about being in the snow , when laylen and aislin could be in some serious trouble . 
 okay , suck it up gemma . 
 `` so where is here ? 
 what 's the place called ? '' 
 `` we 're in colorado . '' 
 he looked up from his bag and raised an eyebrow . 
 `` what 's with the disappointment ? '' 
 `` oh nothing . '' 
 i sighed . 
 apparently , i 'd failed miserably at sucking it up . 
 `` i just really hate the snow . 
 that 's all . '' 
 `` oh , yes , you and the cold , '' he remarked as he drew a tan hooded jacket out of his bag . 
 i picked up my bag from off of the floor . 
 `` so is there somewhere i can change ? '' 
 i really wanted to get out of this skirt and into my own clothes . 
 `` yeah , follow me . '' 
 he took me back to a bedroom with light blue wallpaper and grey carpet , and then he left me alone to change . 
 i set my bag down on a massive log bed and started searching through it for something to wear . 
 fortunately , i was n't a girl who was really into fashion because i was pretty sure whoever packed this mess of a bag was in a hurry . 
 everything in it was so random ; two mismatched gloves , three different socks , and one boot . 
 i decided on a pair of black jeans and a grey and black striped hooded henley . 
 i kept my dc 's on because ... well , what good was one boot . 
 after i 'd finished getting dressed , i realized how heavy my eyelids felt . 
 i 'd barely gotten any sleep over the last twenty-four hours , and i think i might have been running on an adrenaline high or something and was now starting to crash . 
 there was n't a blanket or sheet on the bed , just a mattress . 
 even though it was kind of gross , i thought about lying down on it and letting my eyes close for a few minutes . 
 but then i thought of ailsin and laylen and told myself to suck it up . 
 now was n't the time for sleeping . 
 i opened the door , only to find alex standing there on the other side . 
 he scared the crap out of me , and i almost bolted off in a mad sprint . 
 `` holy crap , '' i said , catching my breath . 
 `` you scared the heck out of me . '' 
 `` yeah , i can tell , '' he said , his voice cautious , but i did n't know why . 
 he 'd put on the tan hooded jacket and a black baseball hat . 
 he looked perfect . 
 he always looked perfect . 
 there was no use trying to deny it . 
 he scaled me over from head to toe . 
 `` we need to get you some kind of disguise in case we run into trouble . '' 
 i fidgeted with the edge of my shirt . 
 `` what kind of trouble ? '' 
 `` the same kind we 've been running into . '' 
 he sighed tiredly . 
 `` the death walkers are going to be all over the place now that they 've discovered you . '' 
 i sighed . 
 `` okay , so what do you want me to do ? '' 
 i pointed at my bag of clothes . 
 `` because there 's not a whole lot in there . '' 
 `` yeah , i think aislin basically just dumped a drawer of your clothes in it . '' 
 `` and then added one boot ? '' 
 he scrunched his forehead . 
 `` huh ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` nothing . 
 never mind ... so yeah , i do n't think i have anything very disguise-like . '' 
 i paused and pulled my hood over my head . 
 `` does this work ? '' 
 he gave me a doubtful look . 
 oh , do n't you give me that look too . 
 i was n't some secret agent/master of disguise who could create a new identity out of some string and tape , so cut me some slack , would you ? 
 he ran his hand over his face and sighed . 
 `` well , i guess it 'll have to work . 
 do you at least have some sunglasses to cover those up ? '' 
 he pointed at my eyes . 
 `` no , i do n't have any-hey , i thought you said you liked the color of my eyes . 
 you said it was a nice different . '' 
 `` i was n't saying that to be mean . 
 there just are n't a whole lot of people walking around with violet eyes . 
 it 'll give you away . '' 
 he zipped up his jacket . 
 `` and i do like the color of your eyes . 
 they reminded me of these flowers you used to pick and bring back home when you were ... '' he trailed off , his bright green eyes widening . 
 `` when i what ? '' 
 i pressed . 
 he cleared his throat . 
 `` nothing . 
 it was n't important . 
 let 's go . '' 
 he turned his back on me and started down the hall . 
 `` what ? 
 were you going to tell me some story about when i was four years old and not living with marco and sophia ? '' 
 i called out , chasing after him . 
 his froze . 
 `` who told you that ? '' 
 `` laylen . '' 
 he said nothing and went into the living room . 
 i followed after him . 
 `` what ? 
 you do n't have anything to say ? '' 
 `` gemma , i do n't have time for this right now . '' 
 he opened up the door that led out to the garage . 
 `` we need to get to town . '' 
 he was right , but this was sooo not over . 
 chapter 26 we drove to town in a black jeep wrangler , which by the layer of dust on the dashboard , had most likely been sitting out in the garage for quite awhile . 
 the snow on the road was deep , and alex had to drive incredibly slow , otherwise we 'd probably end up sliding off the road and crashing down the hill . 
 i 'd come up with this brilliant plan to try and catch some zzz 's during the drive , but the second my eyelids close , alex decided it was chat time . 
 `` so what else did laylen tell you ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i slowly opened my eyes . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` well , he told you about how you were n't really one when you moved in with marco and sophia . '' 
 he practically bit at the words , which made me feel bad ... for laylen . 
 if and when laylen returned , alex was probably going to rip into him for telling me . 
 `` i 'm just curious what else he told you . '' 
 `` nothing really , '' i lied . 
 i was n't going to get laylen into anymore trouble . 
 my lips were sealed . 
 alex slipped me a sideways glance . 
 `` he told you nothing else at all ? '' 
 i shook my head , acting as cool as the snow on the roads . 
 `` nope . '' 
 he shot me a skeptical look . 
 `` yeah , i 'm not buying it . '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` well , it 's the truth . '' 
 `` so then what did you two talk about while aislin and i were gone ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i mean , we were gone for at least an hour . 
 so what did you two do ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 it felt like i was walking into a trap or something , so i had to make sure i chose my words very carefully . 
 `` sat around . 
 ate . 
 almost got frozen to death by a bunch of murderous death walkers . 
 you know the usual . '' 
 `` and you did n't talk at all ? '' 
 `` not really ... i mean , we did a little , but it was mostly about him . '' 
 he shook his head , his knuckles whitening as his grip tightened on the steering wheel . 
 `` fine , gemma . 
 do n't tell me . '' 
 okay , i wo n't . 
 why would i ? 
 laylen had been very specific about alex 's lack of understanding , so what good would it do to tell him what i 'd learned about my mother-about me . 
 it would do no good . 
 that 's what it would do . 
 alex would just end up getting mad and taking it out on laylen and me . 
 alex rounded a sharp corner and a town rose into view . 
 log cabins dotted the snowy hills . 
 trees canopied the yards . 
 i frowned , thinking of nevada 's golden desert sand and delicious warm air , which also made me think of aislin and laylen . 
 were they alright ? 
 or had something bad happened to them ? 
 had the death walkers gotten them ? 
 after all , the death walkers had come close to killing me on more than one occasion . 
 i shuddered , remembering how it felt when the cold was sucking the life from my body ; the helplessness i 'd felt lying paralyzed on the floor ; the vision thingy i 'd been pulled into right afterwards . 
 the vision . 
 through all of the chaos , i 'd completely forgotten about it . 
 how could i forget about something so important ? 
 i mean , this man with the scar-the keeper-i had to know him somehow , otherwise why would i have dreamt about him . 
 from what i 'd picked up on in the vision , he might have had something to do with my mother 's disappearance , and why i 'd spent most of my life emotionless . 
 i had to find out who he was . 
 i knew he was a keeper . 
 a traitor keeper . 
 but that was it . 
 i had to figure it out . 
 somehow . 
 another huge question i had was why did i keep slipping into the vision things ? 
 i had n't touched a crystal ball or anything when i 'd witness the keeper and demetrius chatting it up , just like i had n't when i 'd been pulled away back at the telescope and saw the mother and daughter walking in the field . 
 the daughter who might possibly be me since the mother had called her gemma . 
 if this was the case-if the daughter was me-than the vision had to be from the past . 
 but the question was , why could n't i remember it actually happening ? 
 if it had already taken place , i should have some memory of it , right ? 
 ah ! 
 i was so confused . 
 i pitter-pattered through my thoughts , trying to make sense of everything , but ended up feeling more lost than ever . 
 which was saying a lot since i always felt lost . 
 there was only one way i could think of to get some answers to my endless list of questions . 
 but whether he 'd tell me the truth or not , who knew ? 
 i at least had to try , though . 
 `` alex , '' i said so abruptly it made him jump . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he asked breathlessly . 
 i ignored the warning in my gut begging me not to ask . 
 `` is it possible to see a vision without a foreseer 's crystal ball ? '' 
 he gave me a funny look . 
 `` why do you ask ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` i was just wondering . '' 
 he thought about it for a second . 
 `` i do n't know ... i think there might have been one foreseer who was powerful enough to do it , but i do n't know anything about him . '' 
 oddly enough , he actually sounded like he was telling the truth . 
 `` oh . 
 okay . '' 
 i turned and looked out the window , thinking about the woman and daughter in the field ; the horrible scene i 'd witnessed at the lake ; the keeper and demetrius 's discussion about the woman that they 'd conveniently made disappear , and the girl who they 'd said needed to be kept away from humanity . 
 they had to have been talking about my mother and me . 
 they just had to . 
 either that , or there was another poor unemotional girl roaming around the world somewhere . 
 god , this was some heavy stuff . 
 i really needed some answers . 
 what i needed was laylen . 
 he 'd help me figure all this out . 
 alex stopped the jeep at a stop sign . 
 `` do you think you saw a vision without a crystal ball ? '' 
 `` huh ? '' 
 how was i supposed to answer ? 
 with the truth ? 
 my gut instinct told me not to . 
 `` no , i was just curious . 
 that 's all . '' 
 he stared at me , his bright green eyes weighing heavily on me , causing the intensity of the electricity to spark up . 
 `` gemma , it feels like you 're keeping something from me . 
 are you ? 
 because if you are , whatever it is , you can tell me . '' 
 i 'd have liked to have been able to tell him , but i was afraid he 'd just freak out . 
 i had to tell someone , though . 
 it was important . 
 and since he was the only one here ... `` i do n't know ... well , it 's just that back at laylen 's house i thought - '' alex 's phone rang , interrupting me . 
 he slid his phone out of the pocket of his jeans , and relief swept across his face as he glanced at the screen . 
 `` it 's stephan , '' he said , then answered it . 
 i could hear stephan 's voice murmuring on the other end . 
 alex pulled out onto the main road , and we drove by a sign welcoming us to mountain view , population 523 . 
 wow . 
 a town smaller than afton . 
 who 'd have thought ? 
 `` yeah , hold on , '' alex said into the phone . 
 he parked the jeep on the side of the road , in front of a cedar-sided house that had a giant sculpture of a moose decorating the yard . 
 `` what are we doing here ? '' 
 i asked , but he was already climbing out of the car . 
 `` stay here , '' he told me and slammed the door shut . 
 he did n't head toward the house . 
 he walked around to the back of the jeep and stood there with the phone pressed to his ear . 
 obviously , they were discussing something that they did n't want me to hear . 
 that meant i needed to hear it , right ? 
 i mean , it could be something important . 
 maybe something about me . 
 oh no . 
 what if they were making a plan to remove my emotions again ? 
 one good thing about an old jeep is that the windows are n't automatic . 
 this allowed me to crack the window without all the noisy buzzing pressing a button would have brought on . 
 i leaned my head toward the window and tried to listen , but alex had left the engine running and i could hardly hear a thing . 
 i eased the window down a sliver more , and put my ear up to the opening , the cold air biting at my skin . 
 `` well , what do you want me to do until then ? '' 
 i heard alex saying . 
 a pause and then , `` i know , but she 's growing suspicious . 
 you do n't know how she is ... she asks a lot of questions . '' 
 another pause , this time longer . 
 `` i know , but it 's hard for me to do that with her . 
 she just ... i just ca n't ... i do n't know . 
 i have a hard time lying to her . '' 
 well , that was news to me . 
 not the lying part-i already knew he was a liar-but the part about him having a hard time lying to me . 
 that was a shocker , and , hey , maybe i could use it to my advantage . 
 `` alright , fine . 
 i 'll see you in a bit , '' alex said . 
 i had very little time to react to the `` see you in a bit '' part . 
 i fumbled to roll the window back up and barely got it up in time , my hand dropping from the handle right as alex opened the door . 
 all i could do was pray he had n't seen me . 
 `` stephan 's on his way , '' he told me , slamming the door closed . 
 `` he 'll be here in a bit . '' 
 oh , yippy , i thought sarcastically . 
 `` oh yeah . '' 
 he pulled the jeep back onto the road . 
 `` yeah . 
 marco and sophia are with him , and he said that laylen and aislin are alright . '' 
 i 'd have felt relieved except for the sick feeling in my stomach , warning me that it was a bunch of crap . 
 it was stephan we were talking about , and laylen had warned me not to trust him . 
 `` so we should probably get some food , '' alex said , turning into a parking lot belonging to a brick building that had a huge sign that read edmunds grocery 's . 
 `` then we 'll go back to the cabin so we 'll be there when everyone shows up . '' 
 `` so where are aislin and laylen , '' i asked . 
 `` i mean , why did they never transport back ? '' 
 `` stephan said that he sent them on an errand , '' he said , not really answering my question . 
 `` what kind of an errand ? '' 
 i asked , trying to keep my voice neutral , not wanting to let on that i was suspicious . 
 `` i do n't know-he did n't say . '' 
 he parked the jeep and shut the engine off , then turned in his seat so he was facing me . 
 `` gemma , what exactly is it your getting at here ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` i was n't getting at anything . 
 i was just wondering where they were . 
 that 's all . '' 
 he studied my face over warily . 
 `` no , that 's not all ... okay , what did laylen tell you ? '' 
 i unbuckled my seatbelt . 
 `` i already told you , we did n't talking about anything really . '' 
 he kept his eyes on me . 
 despite my urge to hover back , i stayed where i was and kept my face expressionless . 
 i do n't know what he was expecting-me to breakdown and pour my heart and soul out to him . 
 but finally , he gave up on whatever it was he was trying to achieve , took the keys out of the ignition , and opened up the door . 
 `` let 's go . '' 
 okay , so i know this is going to sound totally weird , but i 've never actually been inside a grocery store before . 
 no , i 'm not kidding you . 
 all through my childhood , sophia and marco rarely took me anywhere and never to a grocery store . 
 so strolling through a store full of food was a whole new experience for me . 
 but i was n't basking in the it 's - like-i 'm - a-real-person experience . 
 no . 
 i was too distracted . 
 the whole vision thing was really bugging me . 
 i wanted to piece everything together . 
 every ounce of my body was telling me i had to . 
 and fast . 
 and there was also something else troubling me . 
 the whole marco , sophia , and stephan are-on-their-way thing . 
 it was n't just my lack of enthusiasm that was troubling me either . 
 no . 
 it was that there were so many holes in the story stephan had told alex. like for instance , why had n't anyone answered their phones during the millions of times alex had tried to call them ? 
 another thing , why did alex have to get out of the jeep to talk to stephan ? 
 i had n't heard anything suspicious during my eavesdropping investigation . 
 however , i could n't hear what was being said on the other end of the phone either . 
 the only thing i 'd really heard-and it only seemed semi-important-was that alex had a difficult time lying to me . 
 i know . 
 who 'd have guessed , right ? 
 maybe i could use this information to my advantage . 
 if alex had a hard time lying to me , then perhaps , if i asked him enough questions , he just might let something slip out that he did n't want me to know . 
 as we roamed up the snack aisle , i put on my best poker face . 
 well , here goes nothing . 
 `` so ... i have a question . '' 
 alex stopped pushing the cart to eye over the selection of granola bars . 
 `` okay ... what 's your question ? '' 
 okay , so another thing i might have going for me here was that he seemed distracted . 
 `` where were marco , sophia , and stephan when you could n't get a hold of them ? '' 
 he selected a box of granola bars and dropped it in the cart . 
 `` they were up at a lodge in jackson . 
 i guess their car got stuck or something and they ended up having to stay longer than they expected to . '' 
 there was so many things wrong with his answer . 
 `` yeah , but why did n't they answer their phones ? '' 
 he motioned behind me where the chips were . 
 `` grab a bag of doritos , would you ? '' 
 i snatched one up and tossed it in the cart . 
 `` because you know how it is up there , '' he said , inching the cart forward again . 
 i shook my head . 
 `` no . 
 how is it up there ? '' 
 `` well , the phone service is really crappy . 
 there are just too many mountains or something , and most of the time you ca n't get a signal . '' 
 he arched an eyebrow at me . 
 `` have n't you ever tried to call anyone up there before ? '' 
 i gave him a you-have-got-to-be-kidding-me look . 
 `` let me think . '' 
 i tapped my finger on my lip . 
 `` since calling people usually requires having someone to call , i 'd say no , i do n't know how it is . '' 
 he stopped pushing the cart abruptly , looking completely taken off-guard . 
 a little sad even . 
 and perhaps ... wait a minute ... hold on ... guilty . 
 it occurred to me that my snide remarks were probably not the best way to get him to open up and tell me the truth . 
 `` sorry , '' i apologized , starting down the aisle again . 
 he followed , the wheels of the cart squeaking with every turn . 
 `` so what happened after they got back and realized what was going on ? '' 
 i asked , sidestepping around a cupcake display that was smack dab in the middle of the aisle . 
 he paused at the soda section . 
 `` they headed straight to vegas . 
 and they made it there just in time to stop laylen and aislin from getting killed . 
 i guess when aislin trans - '' he stopped talking as a middle-aged woman with overly-bleached hair walked by us . 
 a death walker in disguise perhaps . 
 yeah , i do n't think so . 
 `` after aislin went back to get laylen , '' he continued on after the woman had disappeared around the corner of the aisle , `` more death walkers showed up . 
 there was this huge mess , and i guess she ended up breaking her crystal . '' 
 he grabbed a twelve pack of coke and set in down in the cart . 
 if what he 'd just told me had been a story in a book , it would 've been the part where everything seemed to play out a little too perfectly . 
 `` so marco , sophia , and stephan just , what ? 
 showed up and saved the day ? '' 
 `` yeah , basically . '' 
 he picked up a loaf of bread from off of a shelf . 
 `` stephan 's very good at the whole rescue thing . 
 he has a gift for it . '' 
 i chose to ignore that comment . 
 `` so why did n't stephan ever call you ? '' 
 he reached for a box of cereal , then pulled back , glancing over his shoulder at me . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` when they were making the , like , eight hour drive to vegas . 
 seems like plenty of time to call and give a heads up that they were on their way , if you ask me . '' 
 `` i do n't know ... maybe because they were in a hurry . '' 
 he started to push the cart again , but quickly slammed on the brakes and spun around . 
 `` gemma , what exactly is it you 're getting at ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` i do n't know ... i was just trying to point out the obvious , i guess . 
 i mean , do n't you think it 's just a little bit strange that they did n't call right when they 'd figure out what was going on ? '' 
 he scowled at me . 
 `` what did laylen tell you ? '' 
 `` i already told you , nothing . '' 
 `` then what the hell 's wrong with you ? '' 
 `` nothing 's wrong with me . 
 what the hell 's wrong with you ? '' 
 my plan was going so well ... not . 
 `` just so you know , '' he growled , `` most of laylen 's bitterness towards my father comes from fact that he made laylen give up his position as a keeper after he was turned into a vampire . '' 
 `` stephan forced him to leave ? '' 
 i asked , astounded . 
 `` well , we really could n't let him stay a keeper when keepers are the ones who are supposed to be protecting people from vampires . '' 
 he turned around and started pushing the cart down the aisle again . 
 it sounded completely cruel and heartless , if you asked me . 
 how could they kick him out just because he was a vampire , especially when he was n't evil ? 
 `` that sounds really harsh . '' 
 `` yeah , it is , '' he said in a flat tone . 
 `` but that 's the way things have to be in order to do what 's right . '' 
 `` do you really believe that ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` or are you just repeating someone else 's words . '' 
 like say , hmm ... your fathers . 
 he whirled around again , his eyes burning with fury . 
 `` is n't that what you 're doing right now-repeating laylen 's words . '' 
 `` well , laylen 's words are the only truthful ones i 've heard in the last fourteen years , '' i snapped wildly with anger . 
 so much for keeping calm . 
 `` and how do you know that for sure . '' 
 he glared . 
 `` you 've only known him for , like , a day . '' 
 `` what 's knowing someone for a certain amount of time got to do with whether or not they tell the truth ? 
 i 've known you for , like , a month , and marco and sophia for , like , seventeen years . '' 
 i held up my hands in front of me , my voice dripping with bitterness . 
 `` oh no , wait , i mean fourteen years . '' 
 we were standing so close to each other now that i could feel the warmth of his breath against my cheeks . 
 electricity was rushing passionately through my veins . 
 alex opened his mouth , about to snap something back at me , but clamped it back shut as his gaze wandered over my shoulder . 
 i turned around and then cringed . 
 i was n't sure how loud we 'd been arguing , but apparently pretty loud because we 'd drawn in an audience . 
 at the end of the aisle , watching us with wide eyes and a curious expression was a teenage boy wearing a yellow edmunds grocery 's apron . 
 the middle-aged woman that had passed by us earlier also stood there , staring at us , along with a younger girl that had fiery red hair . 
 `` whoops , '' i muttered , turning back to alex. he gave me a yeah-no-kidding look , took me by the arm , and guided me down the aisle in the opposite direction as our little audience , pushing the cart along with us . 
 and that was about the end of our little conversation , as well as our grocery shopping expedition . 
 alex grabbed a few more things then headed to the checkout stand . 
 neither one of us said anything . 
 i could tell he was still mad , but so was i. i was bummed out too , because i had n't gotten a single useful thing out of him . 
 in fact , i think i ended up even more confused than i already had been before i 'd started my questioning . 
 it 's a good thing i was n't planning on going into a career as a detective , because i really sucked at the interrogation thing . 
 at the checkout stand , i helped alex empty out the cart onto the conveyer belt . 
 then we waited as the cashier-a perky blonde girl wearing too much makeup-scanned each item . 
 she kept batting her eyelashes at alex , then started babbling to him about her job being a total drag , all while throwing in the occasional giggle and hair flip . 
 she was totally flirting with him . 
 it sucked . 
 as much as i hated to admit it , i was jealous of her flawless flirting ability that i so did not possess . 
 the last and final straw was when alex flashed an award winning smile at her , leaned over the counter , and started flirting back . 
 i almost lost it . 
 yeah , i know , i had no claim over him , and i was supposed to be mad . 
 and i was . 
 but when you feel some unexplained , intense , electricity thingy every time you 're around a guy , being territorial is kind of a given . 
 to avoid watching the painful scene-and also to avoid doing something really , really stupid-i wandered over to a nearby magazine stand and distracted myself by reading through the headlines . 
 i hated this . 
 i wished my life was normal . 
 why could n't my life be normal ? 
 oh yeah , because i was n't . 
 i picked up a magazine and flipped to the page with an article titled `` the top 10 greatest hits of all time . '' 
 most of the songs were totally old school , but i appreciated the distraction . 
 `` interesting read ? '' 
 a stranger 's voice , soft and melodious like velvet , floated over my shoulder . 
 i instantly put my guard up as i slowly turned around . 
 standing a little too close for comfort was a guy probably a few years older than me with sandy blonde hair and eyes as gold as the desert sand . 
 immediately , i sensed something was off about him but could n't place exactly what . 
 he smiled , flashing a set of perfectly straight , white teeth . 
 `` hi . 
 i did n't mean to scare you or anything . 
 i just have n't seen you around here before . 
 are you new here ? '' 
 `` umm ... yeah . '' 
 i said guardedly . 
 it was so bizarre . 
 people hardly ever approached me like this . 
 in fact , no one ever approached me . 
 unsure of what to do , and figuring alex would freak if he saw me talking to someone , i set the magazine down on the rack and started to walk away . 
 `` so are you just visiting someone then ? '' 
 he asked , halting my getaway . 
 how should i answer his question ? 
 `` yeah ... i 'm just visiting . '' 
 he paused , seeming like he was choosing his next words carefully . 
 `` my name is nicholas . 
 and you are ? '' 
 `` gemma , '' i replied automatically , and then realized i probably should n't have told a complete stranger my real name . 
 i mean , who knew who this guy really was ? 
 yeah , he could be just some guy from mountain view , colorado . 
 but he could be something else . 
 `` gemma . 
 that 's a pretty name . '' 
 he brushed a strand of his sandy blonde hair out of his eyes , and the sleeve of his navy blue shirt slipped up just enough for me to catch a glimpse of a tattoo on his wrist ; a black s wrapped by a small circle . 
 just a tattoo ? 
 i was n't sure . 
 my instincts told me to get away from him , so i forced a smile and started to walk away again . 
 `` i got ta go . '' 
 he stepped in front of me and nodded in the direction of where alex stood , still chatting it up with check out girl . 
 `` is that your boyfriend over there ? '' 
 my pulse sped up . 
 i was starting to get nervous . 
 `` no . '' 
 his mouth curled into a smile that sent a shiver down my spine . 
 and not the good kind of shiver either . 
 `` well , if that 's not your boyfriend then maybe you and i could go out sometime . '' 
 yeah , like he really wanted to go out with me . 
 i 'd have laughed if i had n't been so freaking terrified . 
 something was n't right here . 
 the guy was showing way too much interest in me . 
 and that questionable tattoo on his wrist ... i needed to go . 
 now . 
 i moved to go around him . 
 `` look , i really have to - '' alex suddenly appeared by my side , and i felt a rush of relief sweep across my rattled nerves . 
 `` ready to go . '' 
 `` yes , '' i said , wanting to get the heck out of here and away from this guy . 
 `` let 's go . '' 
 as alex pulled me toward the exit doors , i thought i heard nicholas muttered , `` not your boyfriend , huh ? '' 
 for most of the drive back to the cabin , alex and i stayed quiet . 
 i was beginning to think this was how things would always be between us . 
 either we were biting each other 's heads off , or ignoring one another . 
 i was n't sure which one i preferred . 
 neither really . 
 i wished things could just be normal . 
 finally , after what seemed like forever , alex spoke . 
 `` can you please explain to me why you thought it was okay to talk to a complete stranger like that ? '' 
 he asked , his voice sharp with anger . 
 `` excuse me , '' i said incredulously . 
 `` it was n't my fault . 
 i was just standing there , minding my own business , when he came up and started talking to me . '' 
 `` it was your fault . '' 
 he paused as he turned the jeep around a sharp , slippery corner . 
 `` you should have just walked away . '' 
 i forced my anger down the best i could . 
 `` i tried to leave , but he would n't stop talking . '' 
 `` i do n't care if he would n't stop talking . 
 you should have walked off . 
 do you not understand how dangerous that could 've ended up being if that guy was n't just some guy ? '' 
 `` yeah , i understand that , '' i grinded through my teeth . 
 `` but like i said , i tried to walk off , but he - '' he cut me off . 
 `` there are no buts . 
 you should have left . '' 
 he was being so irrational and difficult that , i swear , i could have slapped him . 
 i clenched my hands into fist , telling myself to stay calm . 
 `` and i thought i told you to put on some sunglasses . '' 
 he was practically yelling at me now . 
 `` what the heck is your problem ? '' 
 i snapped angrily . 
 `` what the heck is your problem ? '' 
 he bit back . 
 i glared at him . 
 it was one thing for him to lecture me over something that was my fault . 
 it was another thing for him to sit here and chew me out over a situation i 'd had no control over . 
 `` well , if you would n't have been so busy flirting it up with that stupid cashier girl , then maybe you would have notice a little bit earlier what was going on . '' 
 yeah , i regretted that one right after i said it . 
 i sounded like a jealous girlfriend . 
 but there was nothing i could do about it now , was there ? 
 he gave me a funny look . 
 `` i was n't flirting with her . 
 i was being polite . 
 when a person talks to you , it 's rude not to talk back . '' 
 `` whatever . 
 it does n't matter to me whether you were flirting with her or not . '' 
 i folded my arms and turned my head toward the window . 
 `` i was just pointing out that if you 'd been paying more attention , then you would have noticed a lot sooner that the guy had cornered me . '' 
 `` so it does n't matter to you at all whether i was flirting with that girl or not ? '' 
 `` nope . '' 
 i said , which was a huge lie since his flirting with her was what had caused me to wander off in the first place . 
 but he did n't need to know that . 
 `` you can flirt with whomever you want . '' 
 `` yeah ... i 'm buying it . 
 you do n't sound very convincing . 
 in fact , you ca n't even look at me when you say it . '' 
 i squirmed uncomfortably in my seat . 
 then pulled myself together and look over at him . 
 `` i do n't care whether you were flirting with her or not . '' 
 he locked eyes with me . 
 `` you do n't ? '' 
 `` i do n't , '' i said , unable to break my gaze away from his . 
 he raised his eyebrows . 
 `` whatever you say . '' 
 `` i do n't . '' 
 my voice sounded strangely high . 
 `` i really do n't . '' 
 he suppressed a smile as he pulled the jeep into the driveway . 
 his cocky attitude was really starting to get under my skin . 
 he was so sure of himself ; so convinced i had some big crush on him . 
 which i did n't . 
 i swear . 
 oh , whatever . 
 as soon as he parked the jeep inside the garage , i jumped out , preparing to storm inside but ended up slipping on a patch of ice . 
 i had to grab onto the door handle to catch myself from falling on my butt . 
 regaining my balance , i slowly made my way into the house , not bothering to help alex carrying in the groceries . 
 i was too irked to care . 
 the moment i stepped into the living room , i knew something was off . 
 the air felt heavy , putting my senses on high alert . 
 i glanced around the room . 
 everything looked fine . 
 the sliding back door was closed . 
 the lights were off . 
 i shook my head . 
 strange . 
 this whole death-walker-trying-to-kill-me thing was making me paranoid . 
 i flipped the light on and started for the room where my bag of clothes was . 
 i figured i 'd go back there and take a nap . 
 some sleep might help me relax . 
 as i passed the kitchen , the hairs on the back of my neck stood straight up . 
 `` hello gemma , '' said a soft and melodious voice . 
 i did n't have to turn around to know who that voice belonged to . 
 nicholas-the creepy guy from the grocery store . 
 before i could even attempt to run away , an arm caught me by the waist and jerked me backward . 
 i opened my mouth to scream , but a hand came down over it , silencing me . 
 `` shhh . '' 
 nicholas purred in my ear . 
 `` you do n't need to be afraid . 
 i 'm not going to hurt you . '' 
 yeah , he could n't have sounded less convincing if he 'd tried . 
 chapter 27 so maybe alex was right . 
 i should n't have been talking to anyone in the grocery store . 
 i still stood by what i said , though-it was n't my fault . 
 he 'd come up and talked to me . 
 but it was too late to do anything about it now . 
 nicholas had me trapped and was holding me against him like a hostage . 
 i did n't think he had a weapon on him or anything . 
 well , aside from his strength , which felt inhumanly strong . 
 and the speed he 'd been able to get up to the cabin at seemed way too quick for any human to pull off . 
 even if he 'd driven , i still do n't think he 'd have been able to beat alex and me up here . 
 and besides , i had n't noticed a car parked anywhere , so i was guessing that he might have another way of traveling , like say , hmm ... transporting . 
 that was just me going out on a limb , though . 
 i could n't be sure since i had only the vaguest clue about other means of transportation besides by vehicle . 
 nicholas 's skin felt warm against mine , but not in the same sense as alex 's felt-all buzzing with electricity . 
 nicholas 's was more a damp , earthly kind of warm . 
 he also had this strange smell to him , like lilacs mixed with forest and the freshly fallen rain . 
 the smell was intoxicating , and i had to wonder if he 'd recently stepped out of a rainforest . 
 breathing heavily against the palm of nicholas 's hand , i heard the treading of alex 's footsteps heading up the cement steps of the garage . 
 there was a soft thump , and he stepped into the living room , his hands full of grocery bags . 
 he took one look at us and the blood drained from his face . 
 the bags slid to the floor , and a tub of mayo rolled out of one of them . 
 for a second , we all just stared at it . 
 alex folded his arms across his chest . 
 `` okay , so who are you ? '' 
 nicolas moved his hand away from my mouth and pressed me so tightly to his chest that i could feel his heart beating through my back , slow and rhythmically like the beat of a drum . 
 he did n't answer alex , and i found the quietness very unsettling . 
 alex stared nicholas down , and i felt nicholas let out a soft laugh , his grip on me loosening a little . 
 seizing the opportunity , i jabbed my elbow into his stomach . 
 his muscles tensed , but he did n't let go of me . 
 `` i 'm hurt that you do n't remember me , alex. '' nicholas 's voice dripped with sarcasm . 
 whoa . 
 hold up . 
 alex knew him ? 
 alex processed what nicholas had said , recognition slowly showing in his expression . 
 `` nicholas harper . '' 
 `` aw , so you do remember me , '' nicholas said with a hint of amusement . 
 `` i 'm so touched . '' 
 alex shook his head , looking irritated . 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 `` hmm ... what do i want , '' nicholas mused , stroking his fingers through my hair . 
 `` she sure turned out to be a pretty little thing , did n't she ? '' 
 okay . 
 that was it . 
 i 'd had enough . 
 if alex was n't going to do anything to get this guy off of me , i was going to have to take matters into my own hands . 
 i gradually lifted up my leg and then kicked him in the shin as hard as i could , while at the same time slamming the back of my head into his face . 
 `` son of a - '' he cursed and let go of me . 
 alex looked stunned as i sprinted over to him . 
 he jumped in front of me , acting as a barrier between nicholas and me . 
 `` jesus that hurt . '' 
 nicholas groaned , rubbing his nose . 
 he took a deep breath and shook his shoulders out like he was shaking my attack off . 
 his lips curved into a grin . 
 `` wow , she 's quite the wild thing , is n't she ? '' 
 alex glanced over his shoulder at me , a trace of a smile teasing at his lips . 
 `` perhaps . '' 
 he quickly shook his head , and his face fell into a dead serious expression as he turned back to nicholas . 
 `` did you come here because you want something ? 
 or was it just so you could be annoying ? '' 
 nicholas rolled his eyes . 
 `` it 's amazing how over the course of ten years you have n't changed a bit . '' 
 alex sighed , losing patience . 
 `` just tell me what you want . '' 
 nicholas held up his hands . 
 `` fine . 
 my word . 
 you have no sense of humor . '' 
 `` when it comes to you , i do n't , '' alex said flatly . 
 that wiped the smile right of off nicholas 's face . 
 `` what i 've come for is her , '' he pointed at me , `` on behalf of the foreseers . '' 
 `` what ! '' 
 i cried out . 
 `` do n't say a word , '' alex hissed at me . 
 do n't say a word . 
 was he kidding ? 
 how on earth was i supposed to not say anything when a thousand questions were bursting inside me ? 
 still , i bit down on my tongue and kept quiet . 
 `` and why do the foreseers want her ? '' 
 alex asked calmly . 
 nicholas crossed his arms , the sleeve of his shirt slipping up , displaying the circle with an s on his wrist . 
 `` so she can be trained to be a foreseer . '' 
 my jaw dropped . 
 `` trained to be a foreseer . '' 
 alex took my hand and gave it a squeeze , a warning to be quiet . 
 `` and why does she need to be trained to be a foreseer ? '' 
 nicholas stared bewilderedly at him . 
 `` um , because she is one . '' 
 `` no , she 's not , '' alex said . 
 nicholas shook his head , looking frustrated . 
 `` did she or did she not use a crystal ball to see a vision ? '' 
 well ... crap . 
 how did he know about that ? 
 alex hesitated . 
 `` listen , there 's been a misunderstanding . 
 gemma she 's ... well , she 's different . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 different . 
 there was that word again . 
 `` look , i do n't care what she is . 
 the law says if a person can see a vision , then they belong to the foreseers . 
 she saw a vision , therefore she belongs to us . '' 
 he put a little too much emphasis on the word `` us , '' if you asked me . 
 `` but you 're a keeper so you should already know that . '' 
 `` i know what the law says , '' alex snapped . 
 `` but like i said , she 's - '' `` different , '' nicholas finished , making air quotes . 
 `` does n't matter . 
 she has to go back with me . 
 she can try and plead her case when she gets there if she wants to . '' 
 his gaze bore into me , making my skin crawl . 
 `` but personally , i 'd prefer if she did n't . '' 
 i shrank back behind alex. the room grew so quiet you could have heard a pin drop . 
 or even a grandfather clock ticking , since i could . 
 finally , alex threw his hands in the air . 
 `` fine , she 'll go . '' 
 `` what ! '' 
 i exclaimed in outrage . 
 `` are you kidding ? 
 you ca n't let him take me . '' 
 `` she 's definitely a wild thing , '' nicholas commented with a smirk . 
 alex shot me a look , cautioning me to keep my mouth shut . 
 `` you ca n't let him take me , '' i hissed . 
 be quiet , he mouthed and turned back to nicholas . 
 `` but just so you know , i 'm going with her . '' 
 `` you ca n't , '' nicholas said . 
 `` it 's not allowed . '' 
 `` there are no laws that forbid keepers from entering the city of crystal , '' alex informed him . 
 `` so i 'm going . '' 
 nicholas glowered at alex , his golden eyes smoldering like ambers . 
 `` nothing has changed with you . 
 you still just do whatever you want . '' 
 `` yep , '' alex replied . 
 `` i sure do . '' 
 and really , he did . 
 but that was fine by me in this case , because there was no way i wanted to go off alone with this nicholas guy . 
 he was creepy . 
 and i especially did n't want to go off alone to some city filled with people who could see the future . 
 `` let 's go , then . '' 
 nicholas said and he headed over toward the coffee table . 
 i looked at alex. `` you really want me to go ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` you do n't have a choice . 
 there are certain laws that we all have to abide to , and one of them states that when someone possesses the foreseer ability , they have to get trained by the foreseers . '' 
 `` but i do n't want to , '' i complained . 
 alex leaned in close to me . 
 `` i 'll get you out of this , i promise . 
 but we have to go . '' 
 of course he 'd get me out of this , but not out of the kindness of his heart or anything . 
 it was because i had the stars power inside me . 
 grudgingly , i followed alex over to where nicholas stood . 
 nicholas retrieved a miniature size crystal ball from his pocket and balanced it on top of the table . 
 `` ladies first . '' 
 my stomach twisted into a billion knots . 
 `` what exactly am i supposed to do ? '' 
 nicholas nodded at the crystal ball . 
 `` put your hand on it . '' 
 i glanced at alex and he gave me a nod , giving me the go ahead . 
 i swallowed hard and reached out for the crystal ball , hesitating briefly before letting my fingers brush the glass . 
 there was a bright burst of light . 
 and then i was spiraling down a dark tunnel once again . 
 chapter 28 i tried very hard not to fall smack dab on my face when i landed , but we all know how great i am at avoiding falling . 
 so yeah , basically , i ate it . 
 i did , however , manage to keep my head from hitting the ground , which i was grateful for since it was made of crystal . 
 hence the name city of crystal . 
 pushing myself up from the ground , my wrist let out a loud pop . 
 i winced as the pain spread up my arm . 
 i cradled my injured wrist against me and glanced around . 
 i was standing in a cave . 
 at least that 's what it looked like . 
 a very unique cave , anyway . 
 the high arched ceiling was dusted with what looked like glittery charcoal , and dark red crystals hung down from it . 
 rubies ran in a wavy pattern across the snow-white crystal walls . 
 through the translucent crystal floor , a river as dark as the midnight sky elegantly flowed ; flakes of gold speckling in it like stars . 
 i had to admit , the place was absolutely beautiful . 
 unrealistically beautiful , though . 
 i mean , how many times have you found yourself stumbling around in a cave made of glass and crystal ? 
 probably never . 
 that is , unless you are a foreseer . 
 i heard a faint swoosh , and then alex dropped down from above , landing gracefully beside me . 
 startled , i jumped back , pressing my hand to my heart . 
 `` you scared the crap out of me , '' i said breathlessly . 
 alex put a finger up to his lips . 
 `` shhh . '' 
 huh ? 
 `` why ? '' 
 before he could answer me , i heard another swoosh , and nicholas dropped down next to me . 
 `` well , that was fun , '' nicholas remarked with a grin . 
 `` would n't you all agree ? '' 
 `` oh yeah , super fun , '' i muttered . 
 alex shook his head . 
 `` can we just get this over with ? 
 the quicker we get out of here , the better . '' 
 `` what 's the rush ? '' 
 nicholas slid his hands into the pockets of his jeans , and rocked back on his heels . 
 `` no matter how long you 're down here , they 're never going to let gemma leave until she 's trained . '' 
 he winked at me . 
 yes , actually freaking winked . 
 `` which gives you and me plenty of time to get to know each other . '' 
 `` yeah , no thanks , '' i told him . 
 `` i 'd rather just go back with alex. '' nicholas expression slipped into scowl , and alex , i could tell , was working hard to suppress a grin . 
 `` let 's go , '' nicholas said in a clipped tone as he waved at us to follow him down a glass path . 
 we made our way over a bridge paved with broken pieces of porcelain . 
 and just on the other side of the bridge towered two massive pillars . 
 they peaked up , forming an entryway to a set of silver doors that stretched to the ceiling . 
 the handles of each door were twisted in the shape of a circle that wrapped an s ; the same exact shape as the tattoo on nicholas 's wrist . 
 `` wait here , '' nicholas told us and pushed through the tall , silver doors . 
 i leaned over in an attempt to catch of glimpse of what was on the other side of the door , but it i snapped shut too quickly , like it had been yanked by some kind of magnetic force . 
 alex turned to me , his words rushing out in a jumble . 
 `` okay , here 's the deal . 
 when we get in there , let me do most of the talking . 
 it 's kind of going to be a problem getting them to let you go because of the laws . '' 
 `` that 's what i do n't get . '' 
 my wrist was throbbing so i cuddled it closer against me . 
 `` how are you supposed to get them to let me go when you keep talking about these laws that wo n't allow them to ? '' 
 he considered this . 
 `` well , the keepers have a little bit of power over the foreseers , so i 'm hoping that will help . '' 
 i gaped at him . 
 `` you 're hoping that will help . 
 but you promised you 'd get me out of here . '' 
 `` i will , '' he assured me . 
 `` i 'm just hoping that it will be easier with keepers having some power over the foreseers . 
 but if that fails , we 'll just go another route . '' 
 i eyed him suspiciously . 
 `` what kind of route ? '' 
 `` trust me , you 'd rather not know . '' 
 `` i always want to know . '' 
 `` this time you do n't . '' 
 silence . 
 `` so do they know what i am ? '' 
 i asked in a small voice . 
 `` no , '' he replied , keeping his voice low . 
 `` and it needs to stay that way . '' 
 i leaned closer to him . 
 `` but was n't it a foreseer who made the prediction of what was going to happen to me and the star ? '' 
 `` the foreseer that saw the vision was a close friend of stephan 's , '' he whispered , his breath hot against my cheek . 
 `` and they 've worked really hard to keep it a secret from the rest of the foreseers so let 's not ruin it now by talking about it , okay ? '' 
 `` but they might already now , '' i pointed out . 
 `` since the death walkers do . '' 
 `` they might , but they might not . 
 and let 's hope they do n't because it will make it a lot harder to get you out of here if they do know . '' 
 i rubbed my aching wrist , considering the idea of being trapped down here . 
 yes , the place was beautiful , but it was also creepy . 
 and empty-i had n't seen a single person yet . 
 and then , of course , there was nicholas . 
 he heightened the creepy factor , like , a billion notches . 
 `` did you hurt yourself ? '' 
 alex asked , eyeballing my wrist . 
 i shrugged . 
 `` it 's not a big deal . 
 when i landed , i fell and my wrist popped . '' 
 `` here , let me look at it . '' 
 he reached for my wrist , pausing before gently taking hold of it . 
 my first instinct was to jerk back and tell him not to touch me . 
 oh yeah , i might have been standing in the city of crystal , waiting to see if the foreseers would let me leave or not , but that did n't mean i 'd forgotten about the lies , secrets , and constant fighting that had gone on between us . 
 still , and i do n't know why-i guess i had a weak moment or something-i let him take my wrist in his hand and examine it over , sparks lighting up like lightening during a thunderstorm . 
 `` really , it 's not that bad , '' i told him , flinching as my wrist let out another pop . 
 `` sorry , '' alex apologized , tracing his finger lightly along the inside of my wrist . 
 it tickled to the point that i had to bite my lip to keep from giggling . 
 `` i do n't think it 's broken or anything . 
 you probably just popped it out of place . '' 
 he let go of my wrist . 
 `` if it still hurts when we get back to the house , i can wrap it up . '' 
 i nodded , cradling my wrist in my hand . 
 `` okay . '' 
 if i ever get back to the house . 
 `` how about your stitches ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` how are they doing ? 
 there not coming loose , are they ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` i do n't think so . '' 
 he stared at me incredulously . 
 `` you have n't check on them ? '' 
 `` i glanced at them after i went into the vision and face planted it on the ground , '' i said . 
 `` everything seemed to look okay , i guess . '' 
 he lifted an eyebrow . 
 `` you guess . '' 
 `` well , since i 've never had stitches before , i 'm not sure what qualifies them as looking okay and what does n't . 
 but they do n't really hurt or anything . '' 
 `` they could have loosened up when you fell . 
 or they could be getting infected . 
 you never know . '' 
 he moved his hand toward the bottom of my shirt . 
 i backed away . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 he looked at me like i was an idiot . 
 `` checking to make sure your stitches are okay . '' 
 `` i do n't think that 's such a good idea . '' 
 `` so you 'd rather get an infection and end up in a hospital . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 i sighed , inching into his reach . 
 `` fine , go ahead . '' 
 i held my breath as he raised the corner of my shirt , peeled back the gauze , and peered underneath it . 
 the way his fingertips kept grazing my skin tickled . 
 man , life could be so unfair sometimes . 
 there should be some kind of law or something banning alex 's touch to feel this good . 
 it was practically torture . 
 `` so what 's the symbol on nicholas 's wrist mean ? '' 
 i asked in a pathetic attempt to distract myself . 
 `` it 's the mark of a foreseer . '' 
 his fingers worked their way along my skin . 
 i tensed as he touched a tender spot on my ribs . 
 `` then why do n't i have one ? '' 
 `` i 'm not sure ... things seem to work differently with you . 
 you might get one and you might not . '' 
 his fingers linger on my skin for an instant longer before he pressed the gauze back into place and tugged the corner of my shirt back down . 
 `` there good . 
 completely intact and infection free . '' 
 `` good , '' i said . 
 and then , being the polite girl that i was , added , `` thanks for making sure . '' 
 `` whoa . 
 hold on . '' 
 he smiled , cupping his hand around his ear . 
 `` did i seriously just hear you say thanks ? '' 
 `` i 've said thanks to you before , '' i said . 
 he raised his eyebrows accusingly . 
 `` well , maybe not to you per se , but i 've said the word before . '' 
 `` oh yeah . '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` is that so ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` but i only say it when i truly mean it , so it does n't come out a whole lot . '' 
 he laughed again , and i felt my own smile breaking through . 
 okay . 
 time out . 
 were we seriously , after everything we 'd been through , having a moment here . 
 so weird . 
 although , i was n't going to lie and say that i was n't enjoying it . 
 the moment gave me a brief glimpse into what things might have been like if i was normal . 
 however , when one of the tall , silver doors opened up , our little moment slipped away , just like that . 
 `` he 's ready for you . '' 
 nicholas said , holding the door open . 
 `` you can come in . '' 
 as i stepped through the doorway , i had to catch my breath . 
 the place made the glass cave look completely ordinary . 
 shiny cutouts of silver and blue porcelain paved the way through green gemstones that mimicked blades of grass . 
 the blue sky shined like a giant diamond , the cotton ball clouds floating across it like a mirage . 
 alex and i followed nicholas down the porcelain path , winding back and forth until we arrived at a silver throne perched on top of a sapphire platform . 
 a short , plump man with curly elf shoes and dark brown hair stood beside the throne . 
 nicholas approached him , whispered something in his ear , and the little man nodded . 
 while nicholas was distracted , alex placed his hand on my arm and whispered , `` oh yeah . 
 you need to be careful around nicholas . 
 he 's part faerie so he ca n't be trusted . '' 
 before i could even react to the word faerie , or the combusting electricity his breath and touch brought on , a man appeared from behind the throne . 
 he was maybe in his sixties , give or take a few years . 
 he was tall with pale skin and grey shoulder length hair . 
 the silver shade of the robe he wore matched the silver shade of his eyes . 
 he took a seat in the throne , curling his thin fingers over the edges of the armrests . 
 `` welcome to the city of crystal . 
 i am dyvinius , leader of the foreseers . '' 
 his voice came out in slow , motionless syllables-very monotone-like . 
 `` i understand that you were able to use the foreseers power to channel up a vision yesterday . 
 am i correct ? '' 
 i glanced around idiotically and then it clicked . 
 oh yeah , he was probably talking to me . 
 `` umm ... yeah . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 dyvinius tapped his fingers together , seeming pleased . 
 `` well , i 'm not sure if you know much about what a foreseer does , or what we are , so i 'll explain . 
 what we do is we use the energy of the divination crystal to see visions of either the past or the future . 
 but mostly it 's the future . 
 once the vision is read , it becomes permanent . 
 there is no changing it . '' 
 maybe he should explain that to the keepers , since they seem to think differently . 
 most of my life had been center around trying to do just that , and here he was saying it was impossible . 
 what if he was right , though ? 
 would that mean there was no hope to stop the portal from opening up ? 
 that there was no hope for humanity ? 
 wow . 
 talk about slapping reality across my face . 
 and reality seemed to be forming a giant lump in my throat that was making it super hard to swallow . 
 `` now from what i understand , you saw a past vision , which is n't too uncommon of a thing to happen with beginners , '' said dyvinius . 
 i felt like i might cry . 
 the vision i 'd seen was from the past . 
 which meant what ? 
 that the woman in it could n't be saved ? 
 that lump in my throat nearly doubled in size . 
 `` when a person goes into their first vision , they usually do n't know what they 're doing , '' dyvinius continued . 
 `` however , typically the foreseer ability is discovered in a person before they see their first vision . 
 that way we are able to monitor them . 
 occasionally , someone does end up slipping through the radar undetected . 
 sometimes we 're lucky enough to discover them later on , but sometimes we do n't . '' 
 his silver eyes locked on me , his expression blank . 
 `` we have a radar system that lets us know when there has been an interference with a divination crystal . 
 now it 's not necessarily a bad thing-what you did . 
 although i have to say , you are very lucky you were able to come out of it . 
 sometimes people do get stuck . '' 
 he paused . 
 `` even though the vision you saw was from the past , it does need to be read correctly . 
 otherwise , it can alter the human world as we know it . '' 
 his face suddenly lit up . 
 `` and so we have brought you down here to re-see your vision and to be trained as a foreseer . '' 
 i casted a frantic glance at alex. `` is something wrong ? ' 
 dyvinius asked me . 
 `` you look upset . '' 
 `` umm ... '' i struggled . 
 alex stepped forward . 
 `` i do n't think her staying here is going to be possible right now . 
 there are certain circumstances that require her to stay with the keepers . '' 
 dyvinius stared at alex , seriousness shadowing in his silver eyes . 
 `` the keepers ... tell me boy , what is your name ? '' 
 `` alex avery , '' alex responded calmly . 
 `` any relation to stephan avery ? '' 
 dyvinius asked . 
 alex nodded . 
 `` he 's my father . '' 
 `` oh , i see , '' dyvinius said and it was clear he was n't pleased . 
 `` tell me alex , what are these circumstances that are keeping gemma with the keepers ? '' 
 `` i ca n't answer that , '' alex replied coolly . 
 `` as you know , like the foreseers , keepers have certain things they have to keep to themselves . '' 
 `` yes , i do understand . 
 however , there are also laws we 're all supposed to follow . 
 i 'm sure you know the law that states that if a person is able to use the crystal ball to see a vision , then they have to be trained in the city of crystal by the foreseers . '' 
 his mouth sagged down into what i assumed was supposed to be a frown , but seeing a frown on his expressionless face just looked creepy . 
 `` if gemma does n't stay here then she could end up altering the future . 
 or end up getting trapped inside a vision if she tries to enter one again . '' 
 my heart raced . 
 oh no . 
 he was going to make me stay . 
 i looked over at alex , my eyes pleading with him to do something . . 
 `` i understand that . 
 i really do , '' alex said . 
 `` but there has to be something we could work out . '' 
 it was amazing how calm alex was being . 
 not me . 
 i was freaking out . 
 and yes , i 'd started the nail biting thing again . 
 dyvinius 's sliver eyes darkened , sending a chill down my spine . 
 `` yes , maybe we could work something out ... if you were to make a promise that she would never use a crystal ball again until she has been properly trained , then i do n't see why i ca n't let her go back with the keepers for awhile . '' 
 he paused . 
 `` of course , after these circumstances that are keeping her with the keepers are gone , she 'd have to come back . '' 
 okay , now i was really panicking . 
 i never wanted to come back here . 
 ever . 
 alex stayed quiet , arms crossed , jaw set . 
 `` otherwise i 'll have to have her make the promise . '' 
 dyvinius 's eyes glinted . 
 `` but i have a feeling you 'd probably rather make the promise . '' 
 was i missing something here ? 
 was something going to happen if the promise was broken ? 
 something bad ? 
 `` i guess a promise could be arranged ... by me . '' 
 alex gritted through his teeth . 
 `` very good . '' 
 dyvinius beamed . 
 and i had to say , his beaming was even creepier than his frown . 
 `` you understand that you 're making that promise in the city of crystal . 
 and i assume you already know what the consequences are if you break this promise . '' 
 alex nodded slowly . 
 `` yeah , i understand . '' 
 dyvinius leaned forward in the throne , his eyes glowing with eagerness . 
 `` then i need you to say the words out loud . '' 
 alex glared at him . 
 `` i promise . '' 
 dyvinius leaned back into the throne , looking satisfied . 
 `` good . 
 now that that 's been taken care of , i need just one more thing from gemma before i let you both go back . '' 
 oh yippy . 
 `` okay , '' i said warily . 
 `` what do i need to do ? '' 
 `` i need you to go back into the vision and correct it , '' he told me . 
 `` correct it ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` how am i supposed to do that ? '' 
 `` well , i 'm guessing that when you went in the vision either some clips ' were missing , or things might have been blurry . '' 
 `` yeah ... the peoples ' faces were blurry . '' 
 `` good . 
 that will make it a little easier to correct . 
 you see gemma , every vision has to be seen clearly , '' dyvinius explained . 
 `` otherwise , if left unfinished , it could end up altering past or future events , and the world as we know it could shift . '' 
 i was confused . 
 `` so how exactly do i correct it ? '' 
 `` you go back inside the crystal and see the vision again . '' 
 dyvinius looked over at nicholas . 
 `` i 'll send you with her to make sure everything goes correctly this time . '' 
 what !? 
 so not only did i have to go back and suffer through the vision again , but i also had to go with a creepy half faerie-whatever that meant . 
 i 'd read books about faeries who were able to put up some kind of glamour to make themselves look human . 
 looking at nicholas , i wondered if what i was seeing was real or not . 
 was his blond hair and golden eyes just an illusion ? 
 a trick of the eye ? 
 catching me staring at him , nicholas flashed me a sly smile and winked . 
 i blasted him with a fiery glare . 
 `` well , let 's get started then . '' 
 dyvinius snapped his fingers and the chubby little man with elf shoes ran up to the throne . 
 he was carrying a crystal ball identical to the one back at adessa 's . 
 he placed it in dyvinius ' hands , bowed , and disappeared behind the throne . 
 dyvinius held his hand out , the crystal ball balanced in his palm . 
 `` whenever you 're ready gemma . '' 
 sucking in a shaky breath , i stepped up to the podium . 
 i stared down at the crystal hesitantly , the violet ribbons dancing around inside almost tauntingly . 
 `` so i just put my hand on it ? '' 
 `` to start with , yes . '' 
 dyvinius waved his hand at nicholas . 
 `` nicholas , take her hand . '' 
 not waiting for me to say if it was okay or not , nicholas grabbed hold of my hand . 
 his skin still felt exceedingly warm , and it took a lot of effort for me not to cringe away from him . 
 `` now close your eyes and picture the vision you saw , '' dyvinius said , his silver eyes twinkling in the pale violet glow of the crystal . 
 `` then hold the picture in your mind while you place your hand on the crystal . '' 
 i shut my eyes and focused on the lake ... the grey stone castle ... the blurry faces of the people . 
 i held the image as i reached out and let my fingertips skim the glass . 
 i was jerked forward . 
 then i was falling . 
 chapter 29 i really wanted to be done with the whole traveling-through-a-crystal-ball thing because it sucked . 
 big time . 
 the falling part made my stomach churn , and do n't even get me started on the landing . 
 we all know how well that goes for me . 
 my feet hit the grassy ground with a thud , and i tripped forward , rolling my ankle . 
 `` ow ! '' 
 `` are you alright ? '' 
 nicholas asked . 
 he stood beside me , still holding my hand . 
 which i guess was good , but only because it kept me from falling face first onto the ground . 
 `` yeah , i 'm good . '' 
 i slipped my hand out of his . 
 the castle towered behind us , the lake rippling in front . 
 the sight of it tugged at my memories of the last time i was here . 
 `` so what do i do now ? '' 
 i asked nicholas . 
 `` you wait until the vision starts , '' he told me . 
 `` you 'll have to tell me when it does , though , so i can help you see things clearly . '' 
 i gave him a funny look . 
 `` you ca n't see when it starts ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` it 's your vision , so only you can see it . 
 that 's the way things work . '' 
 i gestured around us . 
 `` so what does all of this look like to you ? '' 
 he leaned in , his shoulder bumping into mine . 
 the smell of lilacs , forest , and rain flooded my nostrils . 
 `` everything looks grey . 
 there 's a little haze and color here and there , but everything 's distorted . '' 
 i backed away from him and focused on the scenery . 
 it really was a beautiful place . 
 well , if you liked the whole outdoorsy thing that is . 
 which i so do n't . 
 plus , there was the connection it held to the woman getting yanked away to the underworld . 
 that connection basically ruined any possibility of me liking the place . 
 a streak of purple suddenly rushed by me-the little girl . 
 `` okay , it 's starting , '' i told nicholas . 
 the little girl twirled in circles , just like she 'd done the first time , her face still all hazy . 
 `` what do you see ? '' 
 nicholas asked . 
 i wondered if i was allowed to tell him `` um ... '' he frowned . 
 `` i ca n't help you if you do n't tell me what you 're seeing . '' 
 i sighed . 
 `` i see a little girl twirling in front of a lake . '' 
 `` can you see her face ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` nope . 
 it 's still all blurry . '' 
 `` then you need to focus harder , '' he said , as if it were that simple . 
 but it was n't that simple . 
 `` focus harder on what exactly ? '' 
 `` hmm ... '' he gave me a look that immediately put me on edge . 
 he strolled around behind me , standing way to close for comfort . 
 and the smell of flowers and rain was killing me . 
 i mean , i do n't mind breathing in the smell of lilacs every once and awhile , or taking in the scent of freshly fallen rain right after a storm , but he was a guy that smelled like flowers . 
 it was too weird . 
 `` right now your mind is trying to adjust to the power of the crystal , but it ca n't quite figure out how to get there . '' 
 he leaned over my shoulder , breathing into my ear . 
 `` the first thing you need to do is take a deep breath . 
 then try to relax . '' 
 what was it with him and invading my personal space ? 
 maybe it was a faerie thing or something ? 
 i took a deep breath and tried hard to ignore the flowery smell . 
 `` okay , i 'm relaxed . 
 now what ? '' 
 `` let your mind focus , '' he said , still breathing into my ear . 
 `` the images are already there , they just have n't connected with your mind . '' 
 i inched away from him as casually as i could and sighed . 
 `` yeah , i still do n't get it . '' 
 he placed his hands on my shoulders . 
 `` have you ever looked at one of those magic eye images before ? '' 
 my shoulders stiffened under his touch . 
 `` uh , yeah , i guess . '' 
 `` well , this is kind of like looking at one of those . '' 
 he pressed his fingertips into my shoulder blades , massaging them gently . 
 `` relax you eyes and let your mind make sense of the images . '' 
 i shrugged off his hands-i could n't focus with him touching me-and concentrated on the images . 
 the little boy had come up during nicholas 's little tutoring session and was now guiding the little girl away from the lake . 
 their faces were still blocked out by a sheet of haze , so i took a deep breath and let my eyes relax . 
 gradually , a tunnel started to form , fading away the rest of the surroundings so that the only thing i could see was the blurred image of the little girls face . 
 slowly , her face began to focus like a lens on a camera . 
 clicking and clicking , getting clearer and clearer . 
 i was getting so close to being able to see who the little girl was . 
 only a few more seconds and i probably would have had it . 
 but then the man stepped into view , and all of my concentration shattered . 
 i kicked the ground with the tip of my sneaker . 
 `` crap . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 nicholas asked . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 `` i just about had it and then this man ... i do n't know . 
 when he appeared , he ruined my concentration or something . '' 
 `` well , do n't look at him then . 
 try to pretend he 's not there . '' 
 easier said than done , since i knew what the man was going to do here pretty soon . 
 i shook my head , frustrated , and returned my gaze back to the vision . 
 i put my concentration on the boy this time , letting the tunnel form again . 
 but right before his face snapped into focus , the woman ran up , and again , my concentration shattered . 
 i was getting discouraged . 
 `` so what happens if i ca n't do it ? '' 
 `` you can , '' he assured me . 
 `` all you have to do is catch a glimpse of each of their faces , and in the end , your mind will put it all together . '' 
 `` and what if i ca n't see all of their faces before the vision ends ? '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` then i guess i 'll have to keep you down here until you do . '' 
 his words caused me to shiver . 
 but they also filled me with determination . 
 the little boy was now getting ready to head to the castle . 
 okay , you can do this gemma . 
 the dark tunnel took shape , zoning in on the haziness of his face . 
 bits and pieces shifted together . 
 and just as he was slipping out of my view , his face clicked into focus . 
 his eyes were green , his hair brown . 
 alright . 
 i so had this . 
 i flung my attention to the man , who was now yanking the little girl from the woman 's arms . 
 i paid attention to nothing else but the girl 's blurry face . 
 this time the haze disappeared much quicker . 
 but i must have seen it wrong . 
 there 's no way that could be right . 
 i blinked . 
 and blinked again . 
 but nothing changed . 
 her eyes-the color-violet . 
 yes , violet . 
 the exact shade of my own . 
 my heart pounded inside my chest . 
 seeing the vision clearly suddenly became much more important to me . 
 i looked at the woman , who was now heading down to the lake . 
 time was running out . 
 i ran for her . 
 `` hey ! 
 where are you going ?! '' 
 nicholas called out . 
 ignoring him , i let the tunnel zoom in on the woman 's face . 
 her bright blue irises , her warm smile , everything became clear , and i knew i 'd seen her before . 
 but i 'd already figured that out as soon as i 'd caught sight of the little girl 's eyes . 
 i was n't that stupid . 
 if this little girl in the vision was me , then the woman had to be my mother . 
 tears streamed down my cheeks as i watched the woman get yanked underneath the water . 
 i spun around to the man , shaking with anger . 
 he was walking away , a sickening , satisfied grin on his face . 
 his dark grey eyes , his black hair , i grabbed onto every little detail i could , right down to the slight crookedness of his nose and the scar grazing his left cheek . 
 my mouth dropped . 
 `` holy - '' a hand came down on my shoulder , and i whirled around , my breath whipping out in frantic gasps . 
 nicholas held up his hands . 
 `` whoa . 
 what the heck happened ? 
 what did you see ? '' 
 `` nothing . '' 
 i choked . 
 `` it was n't important . '' 
 `` it had to be something important since you 're all worked up . '' 
 `` i 'm fine , '' i snapped . 
 `` can we just go back ? 
 the vision 's over . '' 
 he eyed me over with his golden eyes . 
 `` yeah , i know . 
 i can see everything now that it 's complete . 
 beautiful place , by the way-the keepers castle . '' 
 `` this is the keepers castle ? '' 
 i said , stunned . 
 alex had mentioned that the lake was the entrance to the underworld , but he 'd never said anything about the castle belonging to the keepers . 
 why would he keep that from me ? 
 `` hmm ... i thought you 'd have known that since you are a keeper . '' 
 a. . . 
 was i ? 
 this had never been explained to me . 
 `` um ... yeah , but i 've never been here before , '' i told him and then added , `` i 've lived a very sheltered life . '' 
 which was true . 
 my life , up until a few days ago , had been very sheltered . 
 he stared at my eyes . 
 `` really ... is that so ? '' 
 okay , now i was just getting nervous . 
 `` so can we go back ? '' 
 `` what did you see exactly ? '' 
 he asked , dodging my question . 
 `` was there a meaning to any of it ? '' 
 `` i do n't know ... is there supposed to be a meaning . '' 
 `` sometimes . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` sometimes not . 
 normally foreseers use the crystal to see a vision that has a purpose . '' 
 he inched closer to me . 
 `` but your vision was started by accident , so maybe there 's a reason you saw it and maybe not . 
 regardless , you had to finish the vision just in case there was some kind of significance to it '' oh , there was a reason i saw it . 
 here was the problem , though . 
 if the little girl was me , why could n't i remember any of this happening ? 
 i know i would have been really young when it happened , but you 'd think i 'd have been able to remember something about it , right ? 
 i rewound through everything i 'd seen , desperately trying to piece it all together . 
 i was n't sure who the little boy was . 
 and the man , yeah , i 'd seen him before . 
 but only in my dreams and whatever those other things were that i kept zoning off to-the vision-like things . 
 after coming here and talking with dyvinius , i was becoming skeptical that they could be visions , since he 'd only mentioned me seeing one . 
 of course , i was n't bringing it up just to find out . 
 it 'd probably only create more problems with getting me released from the city of crystal . 
 `` can we go back , please ? '' 
 i asked nicholas , trying not to sound anxious . 
 nicholas ran his fingers through his hair . 
 `` are you sure you want to go back ? '' 
 he moved in on me until the tips of his black and red sneakers clipped against the tips of mine . 
 `` because , if you want , we can stay here a little bit longer . '' 
 i kept my voice steady . 
 `` thanks , but no thanks . 
 the vision is over . 
 there 's no reason to stick around . '' 
 his mouth curved into a devious grin . 
 `` i could give you a reason . '' 
 okay , faerie guy , it was time for you to back the heck down . 
 `` yeah , i 'm going to have to pass on that . '' 
 his eyes were all over me . 
 `` if that 's what you want . '' 
 `` oh , it is , '' i assured him . 
 he looked disappointed as he held out his hand . 
 `` let 's go then . 
 but might i add that you are awfully nervous for a keeper . '' 
 i shook off his comment and took hold of his hand . 
 `` ready ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i nodded . 
 i was more than ready . 
 returning back to the city of crystal was as simple as tying my shoe . 
 there was no crystal ball to go through . 
 no falling . 
 i just blinked and we were back , surrounded by grass made of glass , and a sky that shined like a diamond . 
 dyvinius was mia , which i thought was kind of odd . 
 but whatever . 
 i was grateful for his absence and anxious to get back to the cabin because there 's something i needed to ask alex. and it 's not what you 're thinking . 
 i was n't going to ask him about the vision . 
 nope . 
 see something occurred to me during the split second i was being pulled away from the vision . 
 and if i was right about what had occurred to me , then alex telling me about the star was going to seem mild . 
 alex , thank goodness , was waiting for us in the palace , and he rushed over as soon as he saw us appear . 
 `` everything good ? '' 
 he asked , giving me a cautious once over , like he 'd expected me to return broken or something . 
 i nodded . 
 `` but i 'm ready to go . '' 
 `` so am i , '' he said . 
 no one spoke as nicholas took us back to the spot where we 'd entered the city . 
 nicholas retrieved the tiny crystal ball from his pocket and held it out in front of me . 
 `` are you sure you want to leave because , personally , i 'd love for you stay down here . '' 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 `` i 'm good with going back , but thanks . '' 
 `` well then , '' he winked , `` until we meet again . '' 
 which hopefully was never . 
 i placed my hand on top of the crystal ball with zero hesitance , and the next thing i knew , i was tumbling down the tunnel again . 
 i landed in the living room of the cabin with the gracefulness of a drunken person , stumbling and banging my knee on the corner of the coffee table . 
 i do n't know what it was-if the falling threw off my equilibrium or something-but i just could n't land normally when traveling by a crystal . 
 or by teleporting . 
 or when walking on ice . 
 oh , fine . 
 maybe it was just me . 
 i was rubbing my soon to be bruised knee when alex appeared beside me . 
 `` alright , what happened ? '' 
 he asked immediately . 
 `` and why are you rubbing you knee . '' 
 `` because i bumped it on the table . '' 
 my voice came out sharp . 
 `` okay , jeez . 
 sorry for asking . '' 
 he paused . 
 `` so what happened ? '' 
 i stared at him , wondering if what i was thinking could be true . 
 he gave me a strange look . 
 `` did something happen ... i mean , with nicholas ? 
 did he ... um try something . '' 
 `` huh ? '' 
 it took me a second to get what he meant . 
 `` what ! 
 yuck . 
 no . 
 why would you even ask that ? '' 
 `` because that 's the way he is , '' he said . 
 `` it 's the faerie inside him . '' 
 `` well , nothing happened . '' 
 i sat down on the edge of the coffee table . 
 `` not really , anyway . '' 
 `` not really anyway . '' 
 he gaped at me . 
 `` what does that mean ? '' 
 `` it means he was acting creepy . '' 
 he cocked an eyebrow . 
 `` acting creepy how ? '' 
 `` he was just ... '' i shook my head . 
 i was getting off track here . 
 `` that 's not important right now . 
 okay , i 'm going to ask you something , and i want you to tell me the truth , okay ? '' 
 he gave me a doubtful look . 
 but before he could protest , i stood up , trying to appear confident . 
 `` no , you 're not going to wiggle your way out of this one , '' i told him . 
 `` i want the truth , and you 're going to give it to me . 
 none of that i ca n't tell you crap . 
 no more lying , just the truth . '' 
 yeah , i have no idea where that boost of confidence came from , but it felt kind of good . 
 he held my gaze with sheer intensity , and i had a flash back of the two of us sitting in the astronomy classroom , staring each other down . 
 `` what 's your question ? '' 
 i took a deep breath and prepared myself for the worst . 
 `` has my memory ever been erased ? '' 
 chapter 30 i did n't even have to hear his answer . 
 his expression said it all . 
 `` why !? '' 
 i cried . 
 `` why would you do that ?! '' 
 it took him a second to respond . 
 `` why would you think your memory has been erased ? '' 
 `` for two reasons , '' i said , my voice shaking uncontrollably with anger . 
 `` first , because i 'm almost certain the little girl in the vision was me . '' 
 his bright green eyes widened . 
 `` what ! 
 it was you ? '' 
 i let out a derisive laugh . 
 `` oh , like you did n't know that already . '' 
 `` i did n't , '' he said . 
 `` i swear . 
 but why do you think it was you ? '' 
 `` because of her eyes ... they were violet . 
 and if the little girl is me , then i 'm pretty sure the woman that was forced to go to the underworld is my mother . '' 
 he swallowed hard . 
 `` gemma , i do n't even know what to say ? 
 i am a little confused as to why this would make you think your memory was erased . '' 
 `` because of my second reason . '' 
 i could n't believe i was going to tell him this . 
 i mean , i wanted to have some secrets of my own . 
 but in order to explain everything clearly , i needed to tell him . 
 `` do you remember when i was looking through the telescope back at the field trip , and i suddenly ran off ? '' 
 `` and i found you crying on the bus , '' he said , nodding . 
 `` well , the reason i ran off is because , while i was looking through the telescope , i went into something similar to a vision . 
 although i had no idea at the time what the heck was going on . 
 but anyway , i ended up out in this field . 
 there was a little girl and a woman there , and both of their faces were blurred out . '' 
 he stared at me impassively , but i caught his adams apple bobbing up and down as he swallowed hard . 
 `` so what happened ? '' 
 `` nothing really . 
 they just stared up at the stars for awhile , talking . '' 
 `` and you do n't know who they are . '' 
 `` well , the mom had called the girl gemma , which puzzled me because , if she was me , then why could n't i remember the scene from own memories . 
 i mean , i know i 'd have been only like four at the time , but still ... you 'd think i 'd be able to remember something . 
 and i also thought the same thing when laylen told me i was four when i left my mother . 
 how could i have been four yet not be able to remember a single thing about her ? '' 
 i paused , taking in a deep breath . 
 `` and then on my way back from correcting the vision , something suddenly clicked , and i knew that the mother and daughter in the field , and the mother and the daughter by the lake , were me and my mother . 
 it was like my mind had suddenly been able to retrieve some of my lost memories or something . '' 
 he looked like he was truly struggling to stay calm . 
 `` i still do n't understand why this would make you think your memory has been erased . 
 sometimes people just forget things . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` no . 
 this is different . 
 i can feel it . 
 i know there 's got to be more to it than that . 
 i mean , i can barely remember anything about my life at all . '' 
 `` gemma , i really think that - '' i threw my hands in the air exasperatedly . 
 `` just tell me . 
 has my memory ever been erased ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` no . 
 your memory has never been erased . '' 
 `` you 're lying ! '' 
 i yelled . 
 `` i know you are . 
 there 's no way i could forget her . '' 
 and now i was crying . 
 but honestly , i really did n't care . 
 there was too much agonizing pain inside me to care . 
 `` gemma , please just sit down for a minute and hear me out , '' alex said in the shakiest voice i 'd ever heard come out of his mouth . 
 `` no ! '' 
 i cried . 
 `` i 'm not doing anything else that you tell me to do . 
 i 'll never listen to you again ! '' 
 he rubbed his forehead , looking tense . 
 `` if you 'll sit down and listen to me , then i 'll try to explain everything the best that i can . '' 
 `` yeah right . '' 
 i sniffled . 
 `` you 're like the mastermind of lying . '' 
 he pressed his lips together , trying really hard not to laugh at my remark . 
 `` i know i 've lied to you a lot , but this time i wo n't . 
 i promise . '' 
 i stared at him through tear-drenched eyes , searching his face for signs that he was lying . 
 he looked so sincere it was almost startling . 
 `` you promise . '' 
 i sniffed . 
 `` you 'll tell me the truth ? '' 
 he gave a slow , reluctant nod . 
 `` but i have to warn you that what i 'm going to say is way worse then what you 're imagining . '' 
 i wiped the tears from my face with the sleeve of my shirt and sank down on the couch . 
 `` it does n't matter . 
 i still want to hear it . '' 
 he sank down on the couch beside me , slipped off his baseball hat , and dragged his fingers tautly through his hair . 
 `` i do n't even know where to begin . 
 no matter where i start , it 's going to sound really bad . '' 
 i liked that he was nervous . 
 he was usually so calm , cool , and collected-he was usually lying . 
 so nervous was a good sign he was telling the truth ... i hoped , anyway . 
 `` start anywhere , then . 
 if it 's all bad , then what does it matter ? '' 
 he contemplated this for a moment . 
 `` okay , so you remember the prophecy i told you about , right ? '' 
 i sighed . 
 `` how could i forget it ? '' 
 `` well , i left out a few parts of that story . 
 see , while stephan was trying to figure out a way to keep the prophecy from happening , your mother had just disa-or if what you say is correct , was thrown into the underworld . '' 
 he paused , gazing off , lost in thought . 
 `` you were extremely emotional . 
 crying all the time . '' 
 `` i 'd just lost my mother , '' i pointed out , annoyed . 
 `` of course i was emotional . '' 
 `` yeah , i know . 
 and i 'm not saying that it was n't understandable , i 'm just trying to explain why stephan did what he did . '' 
 he shifted uneasily in the chair . 
 `` a lot of keepers are born with gifts . 
 there are a lot of different kinds , some more useful than others . 
 the one sophia has is called unus quisnam aufero animus . 
 or one who removes the soul . '' 
 `` one who removes the soul , '' i repeated , my eyes widening . 
 `` you took my soul ! 
 are you freaking kidding me ?! '' 
 i leapt up from the couch , my adrenaline pulsating into overdrive . 
 he was so right . 
 it was way worse . 
 at least the stars energy could be construed as adding to a persons ' life . 
 but taking away a soul-it was like ripping away the very essence of being human . 
 my legs wobbled and the room swayed . 
 i grasped onto the edge of the coffee table , gasping for air . 
 was this what a panic attack felt like ? 
 alex got up and placed his hand on my back . 
 `` gemma , calm down and listen to me . 
 that 's not what i am saying . '' 
 i tried to shake off his hand , but he held it steadily in place . 
 `` get-away-from-me , '' i gasped between shallow breaths . 
 `` no , i wo n't get away from you . 
 you need to listen to me . 
 we did n't take your soul away . '' 
 `` huh ? '' 
 i let go of the table and stood up straight . 
 alex 's hand fell off my back . 
 `` then what did you do to me ? '' 
 `` i 'll tell you , but let me finish before you start freaking out , okay ? '' 
 i nodded , but it still did n't mean that i would n't freak out . 
 in fact , i was n't even sure i had any control over my reactions at the moment . 
 `` so like i told you a few times , we did n't take your soul . 
 unus quisnam aufero animus is mostly used as a form of punishment . 
 but in your case , we were n't trying to punish you or anything . 
 you were just a little girl and jocelyn 's daughter . 
 so instead of taking your soul , sophia did something a little less severe . 
 she detached you soul from your emotions . 
 and since emotions have such a huge connection with memories , it made it so you could n't remember anything about your past . '' 
 an annoying buzzing noise had developed inside my head . 
 alex watched me closely , waiting for me to react . 
 but all i could focus on was the humming . 
 had a family of bees suddenly taken up camp in there or something ? 
 or was i just in shock ? 
 `` gemma . '' 
 alex 's tone was cautious . 
 `` do you want me to continue ? 
 or do you need a break ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 i blinked and shook my head . 
 `` no , you can go on . '' 
 `` are you sure , because i can give you a break ? '' 
 `` no , '' i said determinedly . 
 `` i want to hear the rest . '' 
 it seemed like he did n't want to tell me , but went on anyway . 
 `` after sophia detached your soul , she and marco took you to afton to keep you hidden from the death walkers . 
 there was something about the snow that made it difficult to track the stars energy . 
 i think the cold might reduce the heat the energy produces or something , but i 'm not exactly sure . '' 
 `` maybe that 's why i hate the cold so much . '' 
 i joked in an eerily humorless tone . 
 god , i sounded as dead and hollow as the death walkers looked . 
 he gave me a small smile . 
 `` perhaps . 
 but that 's not really the point i was trying to make . 
 the point is your soul is still there , along with your memories . 
 you just ca n't connect with either of them . 
 or could n't i guess i should say . '' 
 he gave me a look that made may skin feel hot and fiery , and it was n't just the electricity . 
 no , this was something else . 
 something more . 
 the prickle on the back of my neck was confirming that . 
 i had n't felt the prickle in awhile , and i wondered if somehow my soul was trying to reconnect with me . 
 or maybe i was just hoping . 
 i had to slow my breathing down before i spoke . 
 `` so why did i all of a sudden start to feel again ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` no one really knows the answer to that . '' 
 he shut his eyes and massaged his temples . 
 `` sophia tried to detach it again , but it did n't work . '' 
 breath , i told myself . 
 `` what do you mean she tried to do it again ? 
 when ? '' 
 he opened his eyes back up . 
 `` she tried it a few months ago , after you started showing signs of feeling emotions . 
 you do n't remember because she did it while you were asleep . '' 
 no wonder i have nightmares . 
 imagine some old lady sneaking into your room late at night and trying to detach your soul . 
 you 'd probably have nightmares too . 
 `` so what do they plan on doing to me now that it did n't work ? '' 
 i snapped . 
 `` lock me away somewhere and throw away the key ? '' 
 `` no , '' he said , avoiding eye contact with me . 
 `` then what ? 
 tell me . 
 what are they going to do ? '' 
 there was a hint of pity in his bright green eyes . 
 `` there 's someone else with the same gift as sophia that 's headed here right now . 
 he 's supposed to be more powerful than sophia , and stephan seems convinced it 'll work . '' 
 i could n't believe what i was hearing . 
 well , i actually could , considering all the other crap i 'd been told over the last few days , but ... `` why ? '' 
 his eyebrows dipped down . 
 `` why what ? '' 
 `` why did n't you guys have this detaching soul person detach my soul sooner ? 
 i 've been feeling for a few months now ? 
 why wait and let it get worse . '' 
 `` because , '' he faltered , `` they could n't find the guy . 
 i guess on the night of the fieldtrip , stephan finally found him . 
 that 's why we could n't get a hold of them . 
 they 'd gone to pick up this man . '' 
 no wonder alex had gotten out of the jeep to talk to stephan . 
 he did n't want me to hear any of this . 
 `` i-i ca n't believe this . 
 you guys are so-so - '' `` gemma , you need to calm down , '' he said . 
 `` you 're freaking out , and i ca n't understand what you 're saying . '' 
 `` of course i 'm freaking out . '' 
 i yelled , clenching my hands into fists as i jumped to my feet . 
 `` you just told me that i have to go back to being hollow zombie girl . '' 
 i 'm not sure how he 'd expected me to react , but by the look of shock on his face , i was guessing he 'd probably anticipated a more mellow reaction . 
 but i do n't know why . 
 i started to back away from the couch . 
 `` i wo n't do it . 
 there 's no way . 
 i ca n't go back to being like that . 
 ever . '' 
 `` you do n't have a choice , '' he said , getting to his feet . 
 `` this is n't just about you . 
 it 's about the safety of the world and everyone in it . 
 do you want to be responsible for people dying ? '' 
 `` no , '' i said , sidestepping around the coffee table . 
 `` but how do you expect me to just let them detach my soul and take away everything . 
 do you know what it was like living that way for-for-i do n't even know how long it was because time felt nonexistent . 
 every single day was nothing . 
 there was no point in even waking up . 
 yet i did , every single day . 
 and even though my emotions were gone , it was still torture . 
 and it 's going to be worse now because i 've experienced what it 's like to feel things and be human . 
 you guys may think it 's okay to do it , but it 's not . 
 yes , it may have to be done to save the world , but it 's still horrible because , aside from what you guys may think , i 'm not just something carry around a star inside me . 
 i 'm human too . 
 or at least part human . '' 
 okay , that was by far the biggest speech i 've ever made . 
 it ran me out of breath , it took so long . 
 `` i know your human , '' he snapped . 
 `` you do n't think i understand how wrong it is . 
 do you know how much i wished there was another way to fix it ? '' 
 `` that 's such a load of crap , '' i said , my voice hot with anger . 
 `` you 've hated me since the first day we 've met . '' 
 `` i 've never hated you . '' 
 his voice had softened . 
 `` not once . '' 
 i glared at him . 
 `` you are such a liar . '' 
 he grabbed me by the arm and reeled me to him , crashing me into his chest . 
 `` i 've never hated you . '' 
 i had to remind myself to breath . 
 every part of my body felt hot and electric , and my head was spinning . 
 `` well , it 's good to see that you 're wrist is feeling better , '' he said . 
 `` yeah ... '' it felt so nice when he touched me . 
 `` just forget about everything for a minute , '' he whispered . 
 maybe i could ... forget about ... everything . 
 his eyelids drifted shut as he leaned in to kiss me . 
 that slapped me back to reality . 
 `` forget about everything . '' 
 i yanked my arm away from him and shoved him back . 
 `` what is this ? 
 are you trying to distract me or something ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 he looked stunned , but like i 've said before , he is an expert liar . 
 he stepped toward me . 
 `` gemma , that 's not what i - '' i backed away from him . 
 `` stay away from me . '' 
 he kept coming at me . 
 `` i 'm not - '' `` stay away from me ! '' 
 i cried and took off in a mad sprint down the hall . 
 i was n't sure if he followed me or not . 
 i never checked . 
 i stormed into the room that held my bag and locked the door . 
 then i threw myself on the bed and cried and cried and cried until i ran out of tears . 
 chapter 31 `` gemma , wake up , '' a voice whispered . 
 i groaned , my eyelids to heavy to open . 
 `` gemma . '' 
 the voice rose louder i let out a grunt and opened my eyes , only to realize that not only was i lying on the floor , but i was lying on the floor in an entirely different room . 
 i sat up , rubbed my eyes , and peered around at the purple walls pinned with drawings , photos , and a. . . 
 galaxy map ? 
 `` okay , '' i whispered . 
 `` where am i ? '' 
 `` i want to tell you something . '' 
 i recognized the voice instantly and jumped to my feet . 
 sitting in a bay window , gazing up at the night sky , was a woman with long brown hair and blue iris-my mother . 
 sitting next to her was a little girl with violet eyes-me . 
 and yep , i could see their faces . 
 apparently , memories or not , getting rid of the haze in one of them had cleared them all up . 
 `` look at the stars mama . '' 
 the younger me pointed at the sky . 
 `` they 're so pretty . '' 
 `` yes , they are , '' my mother agreed . 
 `` and it 's very important that you remember that . 
 no matter what happens . '' 
 the younger me looked up at her . 
 `` why ? 
 what 's going to happen ? '' 
 `` that 's for me to worry about . '' 
 my mother smoothed the younger me 's hair back . 
 `` i 'm scared , '' the younger me whispered , getting teary eyed . 
 `` i do n't want you to leave me . '' 
 `` i know . 
 and i do n't want to leave you . 
 but in case something does happen , i need you to know that i love you more than anything . '' 
 my mother wiped a tear away from the younger me 's eye . 
 `` and i always will . 
 never forget that . '' 
 the younger me nodded and hugged my mother tightly . 
 `` i promise i 'll never forget . '' 
 `` yes , you will , '' i whispered , tears trickling down my cheeks . 
 `` you 'll forget everything . '' 
 my eyes shot open . 
 i was back at the cabin , lying on the bed . 
 my eyes and cheeks were damp with tears . 
 my neck was sore and hot-i must have been sleeping in a weird position or something . 
 whatever these things-visions , resurfacing memories , or maybe just dreams-were , i still had managed to cry in real-life . 
 my guess , though , was that they were memories . 
 i tried not to think about how heartbreaking the scene between me and my mother was as i wiped my tears away with the sleeve of my jacket . 
 it was just too painful to think about . 
 unsure of how late it was , or how much time had gone by since i 'd locked myself in the room , i scooted off the bed and treaded over to the window . 
 pulling back the curtain , i saw that it was nearing dark . 
 the hills were shadows , the sky grey . 
 but it was still early enough that the stars had not yet awakened . 
 so what was i supposed to do now ? 
 the last thing i wanted to do was to walk out and find marco , sophia , stephan , and detaching soul guy waiting for me . 
 i needed to find out if they 'd arrived yet . 
 i tiptoed over to the door , cracked it open , and listened . 
 the only noise i could hear came from my own breathing . 
 crossing my fingers that no one was here yet , i opened the door the rest of the way , went out into the living room , and almost jumped with joy when i found it completely people free . 
 but where was alex ? 
 good question . 
 i searched the house , checking the kitchen , the dining room , even going out into the garage . 
 but nothing . 
 there was no sign of alex anywhere . 
 is that necessarily a bad thing ? 
 i asked myself , and sighed because the answer was yes . 
 i was just about to sit down on the couch and wait it out when i spotted alex through the sliding glass door . 
 he was sitting in a porch swing on the back porch . 
 beneath the dim porch light , i could see that he 'd ditched the black baseball hat , his dark brown hair sticking up in its messily , yet perfectly done , way . 
 he was staring down at his hand , and i could n't help but feel nervous about what he might be holding in it . 
 i made my way over to the sliding door , and paused before gliding it open . 
 i stepped out into the cold night air , my breath puffing out in a cloud . 
 he glanced up at me , and then returned his gaze back to whatever was in his hand . 
 `` it 's freezing out here . '' 
 i tugged the hood of my jacket over my head , tucked my hands up into the sleeves , and tromped through the snow over to the swing . 
 `` what are you doing out here ? '' 
 `` just thinking about stuff ... '' he clasped his hand around something shiny and sliver and looked up at me . 
 `` i 'm surprised you came out of the room . 
 i was pretty sure that you were going to lock yourself in there and refuse to come out . '' 
 `` it would n't have done me any good . '' 
 i sat down on the swing , and it rocked beneath my weight . 
 `` you guys probably would have just broken down the door and dragged me out . '' 
 he did n't say anything , but it did n't matter . 
 i already knew the extent of what the keepers would do to keep the stars power thriving . 
 i let the tips of my shoes trace across the snow as the swing swayed back and forth . 
 `` so ... what do you have in your hand ? '' 
 he hesitatingly opened his hand , and a necklace rested in his palm . 
 a violet stone carved the center of a silver , heart-shaped pendant . 
 the color of the stone reminded me of the color of my eyes . 
 i stared at the necklace , mesmerized by its beauty . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 a smile teased at his lips . 
 `` a necklace . '' 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 `` obviously . 
 but why are you showing it to me ? '' 
 `` because it was yours . '' 
 he slipped the chain of the necklace through his fingers and dangled it in front of me . 
 `` your mother gave it to you when you were little ... before everything happened . '' 
 `` it was mine ? 
 really ? '' 
 i asked excitedly . 
 he nodded . 
 `` it really was . '' 
 i pressed my lips together , my eyes starting to burn from the tears that were threatening to break through . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i nodded because i could n't speak . 
 i do n't know how to even begin to explain to you just how much this meant to me . 
 i 'm not even sure there are any words that would fit what i was feeling . 
 okay , imagine if every ounce of who you are was ripped away and there was nothing left but a lost version of yourself struggling to find a way back to a life you 'd never known-a life you knew had to be better than the empty one you were living . 
 that 's what this necklace was . 
 a piece of my past that reminded me that i 'd once had a good life , with a loving mother , free to do and feel as i pleased . 
 `` so ... '' i began after i 'd found my voice again . 
 `` why are you showing it to me ? '' 
 `` i have no idea , '' he said , not in a rude way , but in a confused one . 
 `` okay ... '' i said , sounding as confused as he did . 
 `` do i get to keep it ? '' 
 he eyed me over . 
 then he took hold of my hand and placed the necklace in it , the metal warm against my frostbitten skin . 
 `` so ... that 's a yes then . '' 
 i wanted to know before i got too excited . 
 he leaned back in the swing . 
 `` yeah , you can keep it . '' 
 `` thank you , '' i said in the softest voice i 'd ever heard come out of my mouth . 
 `` wow , two thank you 's in a day . 
 that 's impressive . '' 
 i smiled , but it was forced . 
 i just was n't feeling it at the moment . 
 yes , i was excited about the necklace , but sad at the same time , because i knew at any given moment , my recollection of it , along with everything else , would be gone forever . 
 and that stole away all of my wittiness . 
 `` gemma , are you alright ? '' 
 he furrowed his eyebrows quizzically . 
 `` you 're acting kind of ... strange . '' 
 `` so are you , '' i said , clamping my hand around the necklace . 
 `` how so ? '' 
 `` you 're being too nice , giving me the necklace and everything . 
 it 's weird . '' 
 `` yeah , you 're probably right , '' he agreed . 
 `` maybe i should take it back . '' 
 he made a move for the necklace . 
 i wrenched my hand back . 
 `` i did n't mean you had to take it back . 
 i want it , and i 'm not giving it back to you . '' 
 `` relax , i 'm just teasing you , '' he said . 
 `` look , i know things have been up and down between us , but just for a moment , can we try to be normal . '' 
 i frowned . 
 `` that last time i thought things between you and me were headed to normalville , you were playing me for a fool , so you could try to find out if i knew why my emotions had suddenly started up again . '' 
 `` and i 'm sorry for that , '' he said sincerely . 
 `` oh . 
 my . 
 word . 
 did you just say sorry ? '' 
 i widened my eyes and did an over exaggerated look of shock . 
 `` holy crap . 
 i think the world just stop spinning . '' 
 he grinned and i added , `` is that normal enough for you ? '' 
 a moment of silence passed between us . 
 i stared down at the necklace , the silver and purple sparkling almost like the stars that had now dusted themselves across the sky . 
 `` are n't you going to put it on ? '' 
 he asked , nodding down at the necklace in my hand . 
 `` yeah , good idea . '' 
 i 'd started to unfasten the clamp when it hit me . 
 what if there was something wrong with the necklace . 
 what if it was n't my necklace at all , but some kind of soul detaching device that alex was trying to trick me into putting on ? 
 what if when i put it on , my soul would be gone ? 
 i stopped fumbling with the clamp . 
 `` you know , i 'm not sure if i should . 
 i mean , what if this is a trick or something ? 
 for all i know , putting this on could be part of the process of detaching my soul . '' 
 he shook his head and sighed . 
 `` it 's not and i can prove it . '' 
 he reached over and flipped the pendant to the back . 
 flawless cursive engraved the letters gl-my initials . 
 `` see , gl-gemma lucas . '' 
 i smiled a real smile . 
 it really did belong to me . 
 i flicked the clasp open and wrapped the chain around my neck . 
 okay , so i 'm not sure if you 've caught onto this yet , but i am not a jewelry wearing kind of girl . 
 putting a necklace on was like a whole new experience for me , and i could n't get the sucker to hook shut . 
 `` need some help ? '' 
 alex asked , looking like he was enjoying watching me struggle . 
 `` no , '' i refused stubbornly . 
 `` i got it . '' 
 but after a few more minutes of trying to get the dang clamp closed , i gave up . 
 `` oh , fine . 
 i guess i need your help . '' 
 he laughed , making a circle in the air with his finger . 
 `` turn around . '' 
 i did , and he took the necklace from my hands , his fingers grazing mine . 
 i tried my best to ignore how hot his touch made me feel as he fumbled to secure the clasp of the necklace closed . 
 but like me , he seemed to be struggling . 
 `` hmmm ... '' he paused . 
 `` well that 's interesting ? '' 
 i glanced over my shoulder at him . 
 `` what 's interesting ? '' 
 `` well , it looks like you got your mark . '' 
 `` a foreseer 's mark . '' 
 he nodded , tracing his finger gently along the back of my neck . 
 `` i can see the outline of it forming right here . '' 
 `` what does it look like ? '' 
 `` exactly like nicholas 's , '' he said . 
 `` each groups mark always looks the same . '' 
 `` so does that mean i might actually be a real foreseer ? '' 
 `` yeah , probably . 
 but i still do n't know how . 
 i never thought you were a foreseer . 
 i thought it was just the stars power setting off the crystal . 
 usually possessing foreseer ability requires coming from a line of foreseers . '' 
 `` my mother was n't one ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` jocelyn was just a keeper . '' 
 `` what about my father ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` maybe he was . '' 
 `` maybe . 
 but i ca n't say for sure since i do n't know who he is . '' 
 `` you do n't know who he is ! '' 
 i exclaimed . 
 `` how is that even possible ? '' 
 `` because jocelyn would never tell anyone who he was . 
 for some reason , she insisted she had to keep it a secret . '' 
 well , that sucked . 
 not only was my mother 's death a big giant question mark , but now i come to find out no one knows who my father is . 
 i really was all alone in this world , was n't i ? 
 i choked back my tears . 
 he sighed . 
 `` here , let me put this thing on you , and then you can go look at the mark in the mirror . '' 
 i nodded slowly and turned back around . 
 he started fiddling with the clamp again , his fingers teasing me with their touch . 
 i gazed off into the darkness of the night , thinking of my mother and father and how i hardly knew anything about them . 
 and that seemed to be creating this giant hole inside my heart . 
 `` you 're nervous , '' he remarked . 
 `` huh ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` no , i 'm not . '' 
 `` your foot 's shaking like crazy . '' 
 i looked down at my foot and realized i was tapping it crazily against the snowy ground . 
 apparently , i 'd channeled all the hot energy that alex 's touch was bringing on down to my leg . 
 `` i 'm not nervous . 
 it 's just that ... `` i felt the necklaces fall against the back of my neck-he 'd gotten it hooked . 
 finally . 
 `` just that what ? '' 
 he asked , his mouth extremely close to my ear . 
 `` nothing . '' 
 i started to move away . 
 `` never mind . '' 
 he caught me by the waist , making my body much hotter . 
 `` just tell me . '' 
 `` it 's nothing . '' 
 i kept telling myself to breathe as a mixture of heat and confusion swirled through my body . 
 `` it 's just the electricity . 
 it sometimes makes me a little ... squirmy . '' 
 `` are you sure that 's all it is . '' 
 his breath was hot against my skin , making every part of me go crazy . 
 a moment later , i felt his lips press against the back of my neck . 
 i froze , and i was pretty sure that my heart even stopped beating for a second . 
 i tried to tell myself to get up and walk away . 
 do n't do this . 
 it would n't be worth it . 
 you would n't even know if it was real or if he was playing you . 
 but then he whispered my name , and i turned around instinctively . 
 after that , all my thoughts floated away . 
 i could no longer think . 
 why ? 
 because he kissed me . 
 and not like the little peck back on the bus where our lips barely touched . 
 no . 
 this one last a lot longer and was full of fire . 
 at one point , i wrapped my arms around his neck , and he pulled me closer to him so that are bodies were touching . 
 there was so much heat that i would n't have been surprised if the snow was melting on the ground beneath us . 
 okay , so i know what you 're thinking . 
 how could she kiss him after everything ? 
 but please , try not to judge me too harshly . 
 i know things have n't been the best between alex and me , but i am only human after all . 
 or at least part human , anyway . 
 and i have things i want to do , like kiss the guy that can make my skin sparkle . 
 and you know what , unlike you , my time to do so is going to run out , like , any second , so this is probably my one and only chance to get kissed . 
 i 'm not sure how long the kissing went on , but eventually we did break away from each other . 
 which was a kind of good , if only to keep me from passing out from lack of oxygen . 
 but i did feel a ping of longing for my lips to be touching his again . 
 alex gazed up at the night sky , rocking the swing back and forth . 
 his serious expression that he usually carried had nearly faded . 
 if you ask me , it made him even more gorgeous . 
 the pendant of the necklace pressed warmly against my skin . 
 i absentmindedly rubbed my thumb against the violet stone as i stared up at the sky , thinking about the kiss and trying not to think about the fact that fairly soon here i 'd remember nothing about it . 
 i spotted the constellation andromeda , the bottom point of cassiopeia pointing at it like a target . 
 i thought about the other people in the world staring up at the stars . 
 i hoped they were happy and grateful to be alive . 
 i felt a small crack running along the edge of the pendant . 
 i looked down and realized that it was n't just a pendant but a locket . 
 i snapped it open . 
 framed inside was a thumb size photo of a group of people . 
 i squinted down at the photo , examining each of their faces and then ... `` oh my god . '' 
 `` what 's the matter ? '' 
 alex asked . 
 `` is that my mother ? '' 
 i asked , pointing at a woman with long brown hair and bright blue iris-the woman i 'd seen in so many visions/dreams/memories . 
 he nodded . 
 `` yeah , that 's her . 
 is she the one you saw in the vision ? '' 
 i did n't answer , sliding the tip of my finger to the man that stood beside her . 
 `` so who 's this next to her ? '' 
 `` that 's my father . '' 
 he gave me a funny look . 
 `` why ? '' 
 well , crap . 
 i jumped to my feet , panic firing through me as wildly as the sparks did when alex had kissed me . 
 why , you might be asking , was i freaking out ? 
 because this man-aka alex 's father-had a faint white scar grazing his left cheek . 
 i took a shaky breath . 
 `` because he 's the one i saw force my mom into the lake . '' 
 chapter 32 `` no . 
 there 's no way , '' alex said , shaking his head . 
 `` it 's got ta be a mistake . '' 
 we 'd gone into the living room because the temperature had dipped so low that our butts were almost to the point of freezing off . 
 literally . 
 he 'd said about a thousand times that there was no way his dad could have forced my mom to get into the lake . 
 but i was n't buying it . 
 i knew what i 'd seen , and i knew it was n't a mistake-i 'd seen the vision more than once . 
 not to mention the man kept showing up in my nightmares . 
 his face was practically engraved into my memory . 
 `` it 's not a mistake , '' i told him . 
 `` i know what i saw . 
 i know it was him . '' 
 he glared at me . 
 `` you do n't know that for sure . '' 
 `` yeah , i do , '' i assured him with confidence . 
 `` i 've seen the vision twice . '' 
 `` but you were only able to see his face in one of them , '' alex pointed out . 
 `` so there 's a possibility that you might be mistaking him for someone else . 
 i know my father would never do anything like that . 
 ever . '' 
 tell that to laylen . 
 `` how can you be so sure ? '' 
 he stared at me , dumbfounded . 
 `` because he 's my father . '' 
 i chewed on my lip , mulling over my options here . 
 should i tell him about my dreams ? 
 if i did , i ran the risk of giving away too much information , and i still was n't sure if i trusted alex. even after we 'd kissed . 
 `` you were there , you know ? 
 in the vision . 
 there was a little boy with the same bright green eyes as you . '' 
 i was n't sure if i was right or not , it was just a guess . 
 it made sense , though , when i thought about it . 
 his bright green eyes and how he 'd called stephan his father . 
 `` no . 
 there 's no way , '' he said firmly . 
 `` i 'd be able to remember it happening if i was . '' 
 i raised my eyebrows at him . 
 `` perhaps your mind has been tampered with too . '' 
 `` no . 
 there 's no way , '' he repeated , but the firmness from his voice had slightly faded . 
 he ran his fingers restlessly through his hair . 
 `` look gemma , maybe you saw it wrong . 
 maybe it was someone else who forced your mom to go into the lake . 
 i mean dyvinius said that you did n't see the vision correctly the first time . 
 who 's to say you did n't see correctly the second time either . '' 
 i bit back my irritation the best i could . 
 `` i saw it correctly both times . 
 the only problem with the first one was that i could n't see the peoples ' faces . '' 
 he still looked unconvinced , and it made me so angry that i kept going . 
 `` besides , the vision is n't the only time i 've seen him . '' 
 he blinked , looking lost . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` well ... '' there was no backing out now . 
 i 'd already opened pandora 's box . 
 `` before i learned anything about who i was , i was having these nightmares where i was being chased through the forest by the death walkers . '' 
 `` yeah , i remember you mentioning that . '' 
 he sat down on the couch and rested his arms on his knees . 
 `` but what does that have to do with my father ? '' 
 `` because at the end of every dream , the death walkers capture me and a man appears and orders them to finish me off . '' 
 i sighed and sank down into the couch beside him . 
 `` the man in my nightmares had the same scar as your father . '' 
 his eyes widened as i continued , `` and back at laylen 's , when i was lying on the floor freezing to death , something happened to me-something similar to what happened to me back at the fieldtrip . 
 i went into this vision , and there was a man and demetrius chatting it up about how they 'd gotten rid of some poor woman that was a keeper . '' 
 he gaped at me . 
 `` hold on . 
 so what you 're telling me is that you went into a vision without a crystal ball not once , but twice . 
 why did n't you tell me this before ? '' 
 `` i did . 
 at least , i did with the first one . '' 
 `` yeah , but i just assumed that was some resurfacing memory or something . 
 but if you 're seeing something that has demetrius in it ... '' he let out a loud breath . 
 `` there 's no way that could be a memory . 
 you 've never seen him before . '' 
 silence choked the air as he considered all of this . 
 `` how is it even possible for you to do that ? '' 
 he muttered to himself . 
 `` how can you see a vision without a crystal ball ? 
 it 's just not possible . '' 
 `` when i asked you about it before , you said you were n't sure if it was possible or not for someone to see a vision without a crystal ball , '' i reminded him . 
 `` you even said that you may have heard of someone who could . '' 
 he stared down at the floor , seriously contemplating what i 'd said . 
 `` alex , '' i said a little too loudly and he jumped . 
 `` that 's not important right now . 
 what 's important is that this other man chatting it up with demetrius had a scar on his cheek . '' 
 he swallowed hard , looking ... well , really , really vulnerable . 
 i had to admit , i did n't like how it looked on him . 
 it made me feel anxious and had me questioning whether he was going to fall apart . 
 he could n't fall apart . 
 not if his father was secretly working with demetrius . 
 and was the one who 'd gotten rid of my mother . 
 and was heading here right now . 
 `` look , i know this has to be hard to hear , '' i said . 
 `` has to be hard to hear ? '' 
 he laughed an unsettlingly kind of laugh . 
 `` what you 're telling me is that not only did my father send jocelyn to the underworld , but that he 's working with demetrius . '' 
 `` i understand that it 's hard to hear , but do you think it was n't hard for me to watch my mother get sent to the underworld ? '' 
 `` yeah , but you do n't even know her , '' he mumbled . 
 `` hey . '' 
 i sprang from the couch and threw my hands on my hips . 
 `` that 's not fair . 
 the only reason i do n't know her is because of you . '' 
 `` you ca n't be right about my father , '' he muttered , ignoring me . 
 `` there 's just no way . '' 
 `` if that were true , then how would i know all of this ? 
 what ? 
 do you think i just made it all up or something ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` how do i know ? 
 maybe you did ? '' 
 i was fuming . 
 `` i 'm not the one who 's a liar . '' 
 he glared at me angrily . 
 i glared back just as angry . 
 i 'm not sure how long our argument would 've gone on-probably awhile-but i never got to find out because the air suddenly froze over with a deathly chill , and we both stopped talking . 
 great . 
 not again . 
 chapter 33 `` how did they find us here ?! '' 
 i was standing in the dining room , watching alex dig frantically around in a secret cabinet that had been hidden behind a massive china cabinet . 
 i had n't realized just how strong alex was until he 'd slid the enormous thing out of the way like it was made of air . 
 `` and what the heck are you looking for in there . '' 
 i was still pissed off about his refusal to accept that his father was responsible for my mom being trapped down in the underworld , but my fear that the death walkers were heading here was overriding my anger . 
 after we 'd felt the air freeze over , alex had run over to the window , and yep , sure enough , a flock of them were headed right for the cabin . 
 we would n't have been able to see them , since it was dark outside , but their eyes lit up the night like a swarm of fireflies . 
 `` this is what i 'm looking for . '' 
 alex held up the sword of immortality . 
 `` and this . '' 
 he held up another sword , a much smaller one with a less jagged blade , which he shoved the handle of it at me . 
 `` here , take it . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 i backed away . 
 `` it would n't do me any good . '' 
 `` you 've stabbed one before . '' 
 `` yeah , but that was a freak accident . '' 
 he nudged the small sword toward me . 
 `` take it . '' 
 i sighed and took it . 
 `` what are we going to do now ? '' 
 `` we 're going to make a run for it , '' he said and rushed out of the room . 
 i chased after him . 
 `` how , though ? 
 they 're practically here already . '' 
 heading for the door that led to the garage , he shot me a look over his shoulder that told me to quit being difficult . 
 `` so what ? 
 you 'd rather stay and wait for them to get here ? '' 
 `` no , '' i said dumbly . 
 `` that 's not what i meant . 
 it 's just that how are we supposed to get out of here ? '' 
 he opened the door . 
 `` in the jeep . '' 
 `` will we be able to outrun them ? '' 
 he shrugged as he headed for the jeep . 
 `` hurry up and get inside . '' 
 i ran over and jumped in , my nerves bubbling so badly that my hands were trembling . 
 i was so afraid that just on the other side of the garage door the death walkers would be waiting for us , all yellow-eyed and hungry to kill . 
 i quickly buckled my seatbelt and started chewing on my nails-i guess the nail biting habit was sticking for now-as the jeeps engine roared to life with one hand gripping tightly on the steering wheel , and the other grasping onto the shifter , alex sucked in a deep breath . 
 `` ready ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 my voice shook . 
 `` okay , hold on . '' 
 he pushed the open button on the garage door opener that was clipped to the visor , and the door slowly inched open . 
 it seemed like it took forever for it to rise up all the way . 
 alex threw the shifter into reverse and started to back out . 
 he only made it a few feet , though , before he hit the brakes . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 i followed his gaze to the rear window , and i had my answer . 
 tons and tons of glowing yellow eyes-they were everywhere-bursting through the darkness . 
 a moment later , someone emerged from around the corner of the garage . 
 when the light hit the persons face , it felt like someone had punched me in the stomach . 
 a man with black hair , dark eyes , and a scar on his left cheek . 
 we were so screwed . 
 chapter 34 `` stephan . '' 
 alex grabbed hold of the door handle , about to climb out . 
 `` alex , '' i hissed . 
 `` please do n't . 
 we still need to get out of here . 
 there are death walkers everywhere . '' 
 `` alex , '' stephan called out in the commanding voice i 'd heard him use so many times in my nightmares , but never in real life . 
 asleep or awake , the sound still sent a slimy chill down my spine . 
 the door handle made a click as alex started to push the door open . 
 panicking , i reached out and clutched on to his arm . 
 he glanced down at my hand clutching his arm , and then looked up and gave me this strange look . 
 `` please , '' i begged and released his arm . 
 `` if this is n't proof that you 're dad 's working with demetrius , '' i did a gesture back at the driveway where dozens of yellow eyes glinted at us through the darkness , `` then i do n't know what is . 
 we have to - '' he pressed a finger to my lips , shushing me . 
 then he slid his fingers around the necklace hanging around my neck and tucked it down in my shirt . 
 my mouth dropped open . 
 huh ? 
 `` whatever you do , keep that hidden . 
 do n't let anyone know you have it . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 i asked , but he 'd already turned away and was climbing out of the car , the sword of immortality clutched in his hand . 
 i sat there for a second , confused about why i had to keep the necklace hidden ? 
 it was just a necklace , was n't it ? 
 then it hit me . 
 because i probably was n't supposed to have the necklace to begin with , and alex did n't want to get in trouble for giving it to me . 
 nice . 
 really nice alex. and now i had to climb out of the car and not only face the monsters that wanted to kill me , but also face the man who was responsible for my mother 's disappearance and the whole crappiness of my life . 
 i mean , i guess i could have just sat in jeep until alex and stephan came and forced me to get out . 
 or i could have scooted over to the driver 's seat and peeled out into the night on my own , but alex had taken the keys with him . 
 most likely so i would n't do just that . 
 he knew me all too well . 
 so with wobbly legs , i dragged my butt out of the car , tucked the small knife alex had given me into the back pocket of my jeans , and made my way over to where alex and stephan stood . 
 i stayed several feet away from them , because seeing stephan in real life was about a million times more frightening then seeing him in my dreams . 
 when i approached them , stephan had been telling alex something in a low voice , but shut his mouth immediately when he saw me . 
 `` gemma , '' stephan said in an eerily calm voice . 
 `` it 's so nice to finally meet you . '' 
 well look at him . 
 pretending like he 'd never met me before . 
 what a jerk . 
 now i 'd love to be able to tell you that i spat every foul word that was running through my mind right in his face . 
 but i did n't . 
 just being there in the same room with him , i felt like i was suffocating , and my voice was getting strangled inside my throat . 
 so instead , i just stood there like a coward , nervously eyeballing the death walkers that were gathering out in the driveway . 
 `` well , alex , you 've done a good job here-keeping her out of trouble and everything , '' stephan said . 
 `` but i 'll take it from here . '' 
 take it from here . 
 what did that mean ? 
 detach my soul . 
 sick the death walkers on me ? 
 i eyed the door that led back inside the cabin , contemplating whether or not to make a run for it . 
 but where would i go ? 
 `` okay , '' alex told stephan , and i wanted to smack him in the back of the head . 
 `` traitor , '' i muttered . 
 he shot me a look and shook his head once as if to say be quiet . 
 `` look , '' alex said to stephan , `` i understand that there are some things that need to be done here . 
 but what i do n't understand is why they 're here . '' 
 he pointed at the death walkers . 
 `` that is a very good question . '' 
 stephan said in a condescending tone . 
 `` but right now , all i need for you to do is give me the sword of immortality and keep your mouth shut . 
 you know better than to question anything that i do . '' 
 wow . 
 i could n't help but wonder if there was some kind of how to class that keepers were required to go to in order to be such crappy parents/guardians , because stephan reminded me a lot of marco and sophia with the do-what-you 're - told-and-don ` t-ask-any-questions attitude . 
 speaking of marco and sophia , were n't they supposed to be gracing us with their presence ? 
 stephan held out his hand and tapped his foot impatiently as he waited for alex to surrender the sword over . 
 `` okay , i 'll give you the sword , '' alex said , and my gut clenched . 
 `` but i have one small thing i have to ask you before i do . '' 
 `` make it quick , '' stephan grumbled . 
 and the next thing i knew , alex 's fist was slamming into stephan 's face . 
 after that , everything moved by in a blur . 
 stephan staggered back . 
 alex yelled at me to run . 
 and i suddenly found myself running inside the house and out the back door into the forest . 
 definitely not the brightest thing i 've ever done . 
 chapter 35 i 'd made it a little ways into the forest before the entire severity of my situation hit me . 
 i was running through the forest , being chased by death walkers and stephan . 
 great thinking gemma . 
 way to set yourself up for a cold death . 
 did n't your dreams teach you anything ? 
 yep , i was a real genius . 
 debating whether to head back and get the heck out of the trees , i slowed to a jog . 
 what were my options here ? 
 i mean , i could either head back to the cabin and face whatever was waiting for me there , or i could keep going farther into the trees , probably end up lost , and eventually get captured if this played out anything like my nightmares , which i was beginning to think might be a big possibility . 
 after discovering i possessed foreseer abilities , and that i might have been going into visions without the crystal balls help , what 's not to say that my nightmares were n't the real deal too ? 
 in the midst of my indecisiveness , i heard a twig snap from behind me . 
 i reeled around and did a quick skim of my surroundings . 
 i could barely see a thing , though . 
 the only light i had to go by was the faint light trickling down from the moon . 
 my heart hammered in my chest as i slid the knife out of my back pocket and held it out in front of me like i was some kind of sword fighting master or something . 
 which , of course , i so was n't . 
 another snapping twig , and then i saw it-my imminent doom . 
 my grip tightened on the handle of the knife , my life flashing before my eyes as stephan and a handful of death walkers ascended from the trees . 
 ice crackled over the snow , moving straight for my feet . 
 the temperature descended . 
 my body glazed cold , and i was hit with a spine chilling sense of deja vu . 
 my breathing was heavy . 
 my hand trembled . 
 and , i swear , everything moved in slow motion as stephan trampled up to me , and i swung the blade at him . 
 he flicked it out of my hands effortlessly , and it fell to the icy ground with a clank . 
 then he bent down , scooped it up , and tucked it into the pocket of his jacket . 
 `` hello gemma . '' 
 he grinned a spine chilling grin . 
 `` going somewhere ? '' 
 okay , so now what ? 
 chapter 36 dragging me behind him like a ragdoll , stephan trampled through the snow back toward the cabin . 
 the death walkers chill nipped at my heels , and my breathing had slowed due to the cold . 
 i was n't going to lie and say i was n't scared . 
 i was downright terrified . 
 but on a positive note , unlike in my nightmares , he had n't commanded the death walkers to finish me off . 
 `` you know , things were never supposed to come to this , '' stephan said , jolting me to the side as he swerved around a dead pine tree . 
 `` this was n't part of the plan . '' 
 `` what plan ? '' 
 i asked in a shaky voice . 
 `` the one where you kill me . '' 
 `` kill you . '' 
 he laughed like it was the silliest thing he 'd ever heard . 
 `` oh gemma , no one wants to kill you . 
 in fact , you being alive is very important . '' 
 `` important to whom ? '' 
 i whimpered as my shoulder scrapped the bark of a tree . 
 my skin burned beneath my jacket , and i could feel the warmth of the blood bleeding out . 
 `` and my son , '' he continued , shaking his head with disgust . 
 `` he should know better . 
 let 's just hope no permanent damage has been done ? '' 
 `` permanent damage to what ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he laughed wickedly . 
 `` oh , you 'll soon find out . '' 
 that did not sound good . 
 at all . 
 was he referring to my soul being detached ? 
 or was there something even worse waiting for me back at the cabin ? 
 and where was alex ? 
 had something happened to him ? 
 i guess i was about to find out , because the cabin had come into view . 
 by the time we reached the back door , a small part of me felt grateful . 
 my body had practically gone numb from the cold , and i knew that the inside of the cabin would be warm . 
 but other than that , i had nothing else to look forward to . 
 stephan paused at the sliding glass door , his hand still grasped tightly onto my arm . 
 with his free hand , he reached inside the pocket of his jacket and drew out the sword he 'd stolen from me early , the blade glinting dangerously in the porch light . 
 `` just to make sure you do n't run away again . '' 
 he lifted the sword , and i screamed as he sliced the blade across the upper part of my leg . 
 it slashed through my jeans and stabbed into my skin . 
 tears stung at my eyes as blood seeped out . 
 `` i think that should teach you a lesson not to ever run off , '' he said , wiping the blood soaked blade off on his jeans . 
 the world swayed around me . 
 i thought i was going to pass out . 
 the pain ... it was excruciating . 
 i teeter-tottered on the border of consciousness as stephan yanked me inside the cabin . 
 i felt a tiny rush of relief when i saw that alex was in the living room . 
 at least he believed me now-about his father being bad-and was on my side . 
 at least i was n't in this alone . 
 that 's what i thought , anyway , until i realized the he was just sitting on the couch , completely unguarded . 
 there was no reason for him to be here . 
 why had n't he run out into the forest to save me ? 
 alex 's bright green eyes went wide as he caught sight of the gaping wound on my leg , which looked even worse underneath the bright lighting of the living room . 
 `` jesus christ , stephan . '' 
 he jumped to his feet . 
 `` what the heck did you do to her ? '' 
 `` she needed to be taught a lesson , '' stephan told him in a serene voice . 
 `` running away is not an option for her , and you should know better than to tell her to do so . '' 
 i noticed a spot of dried blood beneath stephan 's nose and wondered if alex had made him bleed when he 'd clocked him one . 
 i hoped he had . 
 `` i said i was sorry about that . 
 i did n't understand the situation , '' alex said apologetically , staring down at the floor . 
 `` the situation , '' i repeated , my confusion swirling just about as bad as the room was . 
 `` what situation ? '' 
 stephan shoved me onto the couch , and alex winced as i stumbled and landed on it awkwardly . 
 but he did n't try to help me . 
 `` she needs to be alive , '' alex warned stephan . 
 `` she wo n't be useful if she 's dead . '' 
 gaping at alex , i pressed my hand to my leg , trying to get the bleeding to stop . 
 was he kidding ? 
 i did n't understand . 
 it seemed like whatever evil thing was about to take place here , he might actually be a part of it . 
 i 'd already come to the conclusion that whatever stephan was going to do to me was n't going to be for the good of all humanity . 
 if that were true , he would n't have been working with the death walkers , who could in no way represent good . 
 and besides , look what stephan had done to my mother . 
 `` we need to do it now , '' stephan told alex `` before things get worse . '' 
 `` do what . '' 
 my voice sounded weak and pathetic . 
 `` what are you going to do to me ? '' 
 `` gemma . '' 
 alex gave me a sympathetic look . 
 `` i already explained to you what was going to happen . '' 
 `` you 're going to let him detach my soul , '' i said , flabbergasted . 
 sparks were pouring through my body , and i suddenly despised them more than i ever had . 
 `` after all of this . 
 after he sent my mom to the underworld . 
 after he showed up with them . '' 
 i pointed to the window were the glowing eyes of the death walkers were peeking in . 
 stephan clapped his hands together . 
 `` bravo . 
 very impressive-discovering what i did to your mother . '' 
 he gave a dramatic pause . 
 `` but how on earth did you do it ? '' 
 i waited for alex to tell him about my foreseer ability , and the visions i 'd seen with and without the crystal . 
 surprisingly though , he kept his mouth shut . 
 i raised my chin defiantly at stephan . 
 `` would n't you like to know ? '' 
 he glared at me . 
 `` your mother needed to be gotten rid of . 
 she was getting in the way . 
 and she went like a coward-crying the whole way to take you instead of her . 
 she did n't seem to understand that the world 's fate is depending on you and your inability to feel . '' 
 so not true , but i could n't tell him that . 
 `` if the world 's fate depends on that , then why are you working with the death walkers ? 
 i just do n't see them being in a on a plan that has anything to do with saving the world . '' 
 `` what i do is really none of your business , '' he snapped . 
 `` but if you must know-they are working with me to protect the world . '' 
 i gave alex a pleading look . 
 `` you ca n't be buying this . 
 not when it 's death walkers that will come out of the portal and destroy the world . 
 how could they be working to help protect the world , when they 're the ones who will be destroying it ? '' 
 alex swallowed hard , but still did n't say a word . 
 `` alright , that 's enough questions . '' 
 stephan raised his hand in the air and snapped his fingers . 
 `` bring me the memoria extracto . '' 
 i glanced around the room . 
 who was he talking to ? 
 and what was the memario extracta or whatever the heck he 'd said . 
 well , i was about to find out . 
 a single death walker strode through the back door , carrying a small black box with a red eye painted on it . 
 it handed the box to stephan and then left the room , taking all the warm air with it . 
 my body felt heavy and numb , but i was n't sure if that was from the cold air or from the significant amount of blood i 'd lost . 
 stephan 's dark eyes lit up as he opened the box and took out a grey rock . 
 yeah , you heard me right . 
 a rock . 
 `` what is that ? '' 
 i said , not sure whether i should freak out or not . 
 i mean it was a rock for crying out loud . 
 how bad could the thing be ? 
 but any trace of humor i possessed slipped away as the rock turned black and started puffing out smoke . 
 `` this is the most magnificent thing i 've ever discovered . '' 
 stephan held the smoking rock up for alex and me to see . 
 `` it is so much better than detaching your soul because not only will it rid you of all of your memories , but it will wipe away everything inside your mind . 
 you wo n't even be able to function anymore . '' 
 vomit burned at the back of my throat . 
 and even though i did n't want to , i started to cry hysterically . 
 my tears had no affect on stephan whatsoever , which i assumed as much . 
 but i caught a glimpse of guilt flash across alex 's face . 
 maybe , just maybe , it was n't over for me yet . 
 `` alex , you ca n't let him do this , '' i cried . 
 `` please . 
 this is so much worse than detaching my soul , and you know it . '' 
 i could see in his eyes that he could feel my pain , and for a moment , i thought i had him . 
 tears streamed down my cheeks . 
 `` please . '' 
 and then ... he turned his head away from me . 
 my heart broke . 
 i knew i should 've never trusted him . 
 how could i have ever kissed him ? 
 as beautiful as he was , and as wonderful as his kisses felt , a part of me had always wondered if everything he did was a rouse . 
 and now i knew . 
 that part of me had been right . 
 the prickle traced up the back of my neck , releasing an overwhelming sense of pain . 
 and i 'm not talking about the pain throbbing in my leg . 
 nope . 
 this was a whole new level of pain . 
 the kind of pain that grips at your heart and rips it apart . 
 the pain that comes when someone betrays you . 
 stephan walked up to me , the rock smoking madly in the palm of his hand . 
 `` it 's time . '' 
 with tears streaming down my cheeks , blooding dripping down my leg , and my heart breaking , i shook my head . 
 this was it . 
 this was the end of my life . 
 as short and sad lived as it was , i did n't want it to come to an end . 
 stephan held the rock in front of my face . 
 for a split second , i thought i felt my skin glow warmly beneath where the locket was touching . 
 but it happened so quickly that it was probably just my imagination . 
 the sparks of electricity were going insanely wild , after all . 
 they were probably heating up the metal . 
 `` it 's time . '' 
 stephan repeated . 
 i took one last look at alex. his bright green eyes seemed to have lost a little of their shine . 
 when i turned back to stephan , a rush of warmth swept through my body . 
 funny , i would have guessed it would be cold . 
 stephan grinned as i let out a painful gasp . 
 i clutched onto the edge of the couch as my head started to hum . 
 i was slipping away . 
 i could feel it-the life leaving my body . 
 i tried to think of my mom , her bright blue iris , her warm smile . 
 i tried to picture the life i 'd never know . 
 the humming in my head rang louder and louder until i could n't think anymore-couldn ' t feel . 
 the last thing i saw was alex 's horrified expression before my eyes slipped shut . 
 he had no right to be horrified . 
 he let this happen . 
 i thought i heard a loud crash , but my eyelids were too heavy to open . 
 everything shifted black , and then ... i was gone . 
