 chapter one darkness surrounded me . 
 i stood in the center of a familiar room , the walls and shelves covered with the macabre and strange . 
 snakes floating in jars , teeth scattered among feathers and bones and pestles . 
 a skeleton in a top hat grinning at me from the corner . 
 frightening , but i was n't afraid . 
 i knew this place . 
 i just could n't remember from where . 
 an old wooden rocking chair creaked softly at the edge of the light . 
 it was facing away from me , and i could see a body slumped in the seat , withered arms dangling over the sides . 
 i took a step closer and smelled the decay , the stench of grave dust and rags and ancient newspapers , crumbling in the attic . 
 walking around to face the chair , i gazed down at the shriveled corpse of an old woman , her nails curved into long , steely talons , her head slumped on her sunken chest . 
 then she raised her head , and her eyes burned with black fire as she opened her mouth and breathed the words that stopped my heart in fear . 
 and i awoke . 
 * * * my name is meghan chase . 
 and i 've been working way too hard , lately . 
 i lifted my head from my desk , blinking at my computer and the nonsensical words scrolled across the screen . 
 a quick glance at the clock proclaimed it 6:32 a.m. had i pulled another all-nighter ? 
 i yawned , shaking cobwebs from my mind , as memory returned . 
 no , i 'd come here only an hour ago , to check the status of the new railroad system that was going up around the iron realm . 
 it was a pet project of mine ; the iron realm , despite being the smallest and newest realm in the nevernever , was still large and sprawling . 
 it needed a way for its citizens to travel safely and quickly , particularly if they were coming to mag tuiredh to see their new queen . 
 the railroad was the perfect solution , though it would be a while before it was finished . 
 i rubbed my eyes , the remnants of a dream fading from my mind . 
 something with a skeleton and a creepy old corpse ... i could n't remember . 
 maybe i needed to slow down , take a break or a vacation , if the iron queen was allowed such things . 
 it was n't such an impossible idea now . 
 the iron court , despite all the fear and hatred it still faced from the other courts , was doing well . 
 there were a few hiccups , particularly involving the winter court , as tir na nog 's boundaries rested very close to iron , but as a whole things were going far more smoothly and peacefully than i could 've hoped for . 
 which reminded me . 
 today marked the first day of winter . 
 the winter court elysium was this afternoon in tir na nog . 
 i groaned at the thought . 
 at my feet , beau , my german shepherd , raised his head and thumped his tail hopefully , and i smiled down at him . 
 `` hey , boy . 
 you need to go out ? '' 
 the big dog panted and surged to his feet , wagging his tail . 
 i ruffled his fur and stood , then winced as the floor swayed and a cloud of nausea bloomed in my stomach . 
 frowning , i put my hand on the desk to steady myself , clenching my jaw until the spell passed . 
 beau nudged my hand and whined . 
 i patted his neck , and the sick feeling faded and everything was normal again . 
 `` i 'm okay , boy , '' i assured the dog , who gazed up at me with worried brown eyes . 
 `` working too hard , i guess . 
 come on , i bet razor is waiting for his daily game of catch-me-if-you-can . '' 
 we slipped into the hallway of the palace , where i was instantly trailed by several gremlins , tiny iron fey that lived for trouble and chaos . 
 they laughed and skittered around me , climbing walls and hanging from the ceiling , taunting poor beau , until we reached the doors that led to the gardens surrounding the palace . 
 as soon as i opened the doors , the gremlins shot through , buzzing challenges , and beau took off after them , barking like mad . 
 i rolled my eyes and shut the door as quiet returned to the iron palace , if only temporarily . 
 i could n't help but smile as i headed back to my chambers , nodding at the iron knights who bowed as i passed . 
 this was my life now , crazy and weird and strange and magical , and i would n't have it any other way . 
 * * * as soon as i wandered back into the bedroom , my gaze strayed to the large bed along the wall and the lump beneath the covers . 
 pale light streamed through the half-open curtains , settling around the still-sleeping form of a winter sidhe . 
 or a former winter sidhe . 
 pausing in the door frame , i took advantage of the serene moment just to watch him , a tiny flutter going through my stomach . 
 sometimes , it was still hard to believe that he was here , that this was n't a dream or a mirage or a figment of my imagination . 
 that he was mine forever : my husband , my knight . 
 my faery with a soul . 
 he lay on his stomach , arms beneath the pillow , breathing peacefully , his dark hair falling over his eyes . 
 the covers had slipped off his lean , muscular shoulders , and the early-morning rays caressed his pale skin . 
 normally , i did n't get to watch him sleep ; he was usually up before me , in the courtyard sparring with glitch or just prowling the halls of the castle . 
 in the early days of our marriage , especially , i 'd wake up in the middle of the night to find him gone , the hyperawareness of his warrior days making it impossible for him to stay in one place , even to sleep . 
 he 'd grown up in the unseelie court , where you had to watch your back every second of every day , and centuries of fey survival could not be forgotten so easily . 
 that paranoia would never really fade , but he was gradually starting to relax now , to the point where sometimes , though not often , i would wake with him still beside me , his arm curled around my waist . 
 and given how rare it was , to see him truly unguarded and at ease , i hated to disturb him . 
 but i walked across the room to the side of the bed and gently touched his shoulder . 
 he was awake in an instant , silver eyes cracking open to meet mine , never failing to take my breath away . 
 `` hey , '' i greeted , smiling . 
 `` sorry to wake you , but we have to be somewhere soon , remember ? '' 
 he grunted and , to my surprise , shifted to his back and put the pillow over his head . 
 `` i do n't suppose i could convince you to go without me , '' he groaned , his voice muffled beneath the fabric . 
 `` tell mab i 've been eaten by a manticore or something ? '' 
 `` what ? 
 do n't be ridiculous . '' 
 i snatched the pillow off his head , and he winced , peering up at me blearily . 
 `` it 's our first elysium together , ash . 
 they 'll be expecting us . 
 both of us . '' 
 he moaned and grabbed another pillow , covering his eyes . 
 `` no playing hooky and insulting the winter queen . 
 i 'm not doing this by myself . '' 
 i took the second pillow , tossing it on the floor , and mock-glowered at him . 
 `` up . '' 
 he regarded me with a wry smile . 
 `` you 're awfully perky for someone who kept me up all night . '' 
 `` hey , you started it , remember ? '' 
 i feigned defiance , but it still made my heart soar to see him like this . 
 it was like tiny pieces of his wall crumbled every day , showing me the bright , beautiful soul that lay beneath . 
 i knew it was there , of course , when he had returned from his quest at the end of the world , but it had been new and fragile and overshadowed by his past , by his unseelie nature and ruthless upbringing . 
 now , though , i could see more of it every day . 
 he was still ash the ice prince to everyone else in the castle , and sometimes that frozen barrier sprang up when he was angry or upset , but he was trying . 
 `` so , come on . '' 
 i poked him in the ribs , making him grunt . 
 `` if i have to suffer through this , you do , too . 
 that was part of the deal when you married me . '' 
 i went to poke him again , but his hand shot out faster than i could see , grabbing my wrist and pulling me forward . 
 i gave a startled yelp and fell on top of him , and his arms immediately snaked around my waist , trapping me against him . 
 `` i do n't know , '' he mused , giving me a lazy smile , as my heart started pounding in my chest . 
 `` what would you do if i just kept you here all afternoon ? 
 we could send glitch to tir na nog in our place-i 'm sure he 'd smooth things over . '' 
 `` oh , yeah , that would go over well - '' but my voice was lost as ash leaned up and kissed me , cutting off any protest . 
 my eyes closed , and i melted into him , savoring the feel of his lips on mine , breathing in his scent . 
 god , he was like a drug ; i could never get enough . 
 my fingers roamed over his bare shoulders and chest , and he sighed against me , sliding his hands up to tangle in my hair . 
 `` this ... is n't going to get you out of it , '' i breathed , shivering as ash gently kissed my neck , right below my ear . 
 `` you 're still ... going to elysium ... '' he chuckled , low and quiet , and brushed his lips across my cheek . 
 `` i am yours to command , my queen , '' he whispered , making my heart clench in complete , helpless love . 
 `` i will obey , even if you order me to cut out my own heart . 
 even if you order me to the hell that is the winter court elysium . '' 
 `` it 's ... not that bad , is it ? '' 
 i managed to get out . 
 ash gave a rueful smirk . 
 `` well , let 's put it in perspective , shall we ? '' 
 he mused , brushing a strand of hair from my eyes as he gazed up at me . 
 `` how many elysiums have you been to ? '' 
 `` three , '' i said immediately . 
 `` at least ... this will be my third one . '' 
 `` and how many elysiums do you think i 've been to ? '' 
 `` um . 
 more than three ? '' 
 `` i do appreciate your gift for understatement . '' 
 ash kissed me once more and let me go , shaking his head . 
 i stepped back , because if i stayed there any longer , staring into that gorgeous face , i would n't be going anywhere . 
 `` very well . '' 
 he sighed , putting on a mock-affronted air . 
 `` i guess i can suffer through another elysium . '' 
 he shifted to an elbow , watching me beneath the covers , looking so sexy i was tempted to say the hell with it and miss elysium myself . 
 `` you do realize that i 'm probably going to be challenged at least once by some winter court thug who thinks i 've turned traitor . '' 
 `` yes , well , try not to kill anybody , ash . '' 
 `` majesty ? '' 
 a soft tap came on the door . 
 i opened it a crack to find three wire nymphs gazing up at me . 
 `` we are here to help you prepare for elysium , your majesty , '' one said with a deep curtsy . 
 `` councilor fix insisted that we arrange a dress for you , one suited for your status as queen . '' 
 `` did he now ? '' 
 i smiled . 
 fix , my chief packrat adviser , had been quite busy of late , researching elysium , the other courts and all the customs that went with it . 
 he was incredibly efficient and probably knew more about the event than most of the traditional fey did . 
 the wire nymph shuffled her feet , looking uncomfortable . 
 `` yes , your majesty . 
 he also wished us to remind her highness that it would be highly inappropriate to wear human jeans and a t-shirt to the winter court , and that sneakers are not considered proper court attire . '' 
 a quiet noise came from the bed , sounding suspiciously like a snicker . 
 i spared ash a quick glare over my shoulder , and he gazed back innocently . 
 last night , when fix was going over the rules with me one more time , i jokingly had mentioned the event was so stuffy and formal , maybe i could go in casual clothes this year . 
 then i 'd at least be comfortably frozen . 
 i 'd thought fix was going to have a heart attack squeaking in horror , and quickly assured him i was kidding . 
 packrats were wonderful little fey and fiercely loyal , but they tended to take everything seriously . 
 puck would have a field day with them . 
 puck . 
 i felt a twinge of sadness at the memory of him . 
 where was he now ? 
 what was he doing ? 
 i had n't seen my best friend since the day we defeated the false king and i claimed the iron throne . 
 ash had ; puck had accompanied him to the end of the world in his quest to gain a soul so he could be with me in the iron realm . 
 but they 'd parted ways soon after , and no one had seen any sign of the great prankster since . 
 i wished i knew where he was . 
 i missed him . 
 `` all right , '' i told the wire nymphs , smiling to ease their nervousness . 
 `` then i 'm at your mercy , i suppose . 
 lead the way . '' 
 an indefinite time later , after being poked , prodded , stuffed into a gown , my hair teased into curls and my face touched with makeup , i went back toward the bedroom , relieved that it was done . 
 this was one of the things i did n't particularly care for ; these extremely formal affairs that required me to look the part of a powerful faery queen . 
 i understood ash 's reluctance . 
 faery politics were tricky , conniving and , if you were n't careful , extremely dangerous . 
 i 'd had to learn the ropes fast . 
 thankfully , glitch and fix were there to offer guidance when i needed it , and now ash was here , as well . 
 and the youngest son of the unseelie queen was no slouch when it came to the power struggles between the faery courts . 
 speaking of which ... he was waiting for me outside our chamber doors , leaning against one of the pillars , arms crossed . 
 seeing him , i paused to collect myself . 
 ash in his black-and-silver uniform cut a striking figure against the white marble column , his cloak draping his shoulders and his sword at his side . 
 it reminded me of our first dance together , my first elysium , when i 'd seen the cold , dangerous son of queen mab up close for the first time and was completely lost . 
 call it fate , destiny or just blatant hardheadedness on both our parts , from that moment on , there was no turning back . 
 as i approached , he smiled and pushed himself off the column , extending a hand . 
 he had this uncanny ability to see everything about me in a single glance without taking his eyes from my face . 
 i sensed he was doing that now . 
 his expression looked a bit dazed , for just a moment , before he took my hand and kissed the backs of my knuckles , a perfect gentleman even now . 
 `` well . '' 
 i sighed , ignoring the butterflies set loose in my stomach . 
 `` here am i , all fancied up and ready to go to elysium . '' 
 i glanced down at the metallic gray-and-white fabric of my dress , befitting colors for the iron queen , and shook my head . 
 `` i hope this gown is heavy enough . 
 mab 's palace is n't exactly the warmest place in the nevernever . '' 
 `` you look beautiful , '' ash said , pulling me close . 
 i blushed , and a slightly mischievous look crossed his face . 
 `` i 'm glad fix was able to talk you out of jeans and a t-shirt . '' 
 i swatted his stomach with the back of my hand . 
 he laughed softly , offering an arm , and together we walked through the long hallways of the iron palace . 
 gremlins scurried over the walls and ceilings , cackling , and iron knights lowered their heads as we passed . 
 hacker elves , cog dwarves , wire nymphs and clockwork men all bowed as we went by , before continuing their duties . 
 my iron fey . 
 it was hard to believe that a few years ago i was a normal teenager living in the louisiana swamps , and the iron fey were slowly making their move to destroy the nevernever . 
 now i was their queen , and they , while not really welcome in the wyldwood and the other courts , were no longer considered abominations to be eradicated . 
 so much had changed . 
 i had changed , and so had everyone around me . 
 i snuck a glance at my knight , walking quietly at my side . 
 he seemed truly at ease now , comfortable and content in the iron palace . 
 though his gaze constantly swept our surroundings , taking everything in , and he watched every faery i spoke to with searing intensity , ready to spring into action if needed , he 'd acclimated to the iron realm surprisingly well . 
 i 'd been worried at first , that he would miss tir na nog and the winter court and would have a hard time adjusting to the alien nature of the iron realm and the fey within it . 
 but he 'd slipped into his role here surprisingly well , almost like it was familiar . 
 like he 'd done it all before . 
 and , strangely enough , maybe he had . 
 i did n't know what ash had gone through on his voyage to the end of the world to earn his soul . 
 he 'd told me the gist of it , without going into too many painful details , and what he had told me seemed almost too crazy to believe . 
 one section in particular , the part where he 'd seen a future version of us , he did n't speak of much at all . 
 it was n't that he was being evasive , but he 'd explained that he did n't want to color our future with what-ifs and things that might never happen . 
 truthfully , i was n't worried . 
 i knew he would tell me everything , down to the last detail , if i really wanted him to . 
 but ash was here , in the iron realm . 
 he had found a way to survive , to be with me . 
 that was all that really mattered . 
 `` you 're staring at me again , '' ash murmured without turning his head , though one corner of his lips quirked up . 
 his silver eyes danced mischievously . 
 `` is it the uniform ? 
 perhaps i should remove it if it 's so distracting . '' 
 `` behave , ash . '' 
 i wrinkled my nose at him , smiling . 
 `` and do n't think i do n't know what you 're doing . 
 your little ploy to get out of elysium is n't going to - '' i gasped as , without warning , my stomach turned over and a bout of dizziness made the walls spin . 
 i tried to say something to ash , to ease the alarm and worry on his face , but the ground beneath my feet tilted , and the floor rushed up at me . 
 chapter two `` meghan ! '' 
 groaning , i opened my eyes . 
 i lay on my back on the cold floor , the walls still swaying slightly , the last of the dizziness fading . 
 ash knelt beside me , his arms under my shoulders , gently easing me down . 
 he 'd caught me , of course , and was now watching me with a pale , alarmed expression . 
 the hand suddenly gripping my own was painfully tight . 
 `` meghan . '' 
 `` i 'm ... all right , ash . '' 
 wincing , i sat up , breathing deep as the world went normal again . 
 `` i just ... fainted , i guess . '' 
 well , that was humiliating . 
 here i was , the queen of the iron fey , passing out in my own hall . 
 good thing we were n't in tir na nog yet ; showing weakness like that in front of the unseelie was asking for trouble . 
 `` are you sick ? 
 what happened ? '' 
 ash took my elbow and gently helped me stand , eyes bright as he stared at me , appraising . 
 `` should i call for a healer ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i 'm fine . '' 
 i put a hand on his arm , squeezing once . 
 `` it 's nothing . 
 i guess i 've been working too hard lately . 
 i feel perfectly all right now , promise . '' 
 `` maybe we should n't go to elysium , '' ash said , sounding unconvinced of my all-rightness . 
 `` have glitch send mab and oberon our apologies . 
 if something is wrong - '' `` no . '' 
 i faced him , my voice firm . 
 `` i 'm the iron queen , and this is something i can not miss . 
 it 's not negotiable . 
 i have to go . '' 
 `` meghan ... '' `` if i do n't show up , it will make this realm look weak , and we ca n't afford that . 
 you know what mab will think , ash . 
 you , of all people , know what she 's like . '' 
 ash nodded once . 
 `` i know , '' he murmured darkly . 
 `` i wo n't put my people in danger . '' 
 turning from him , i gazed down the hall , watching the gremlins and the iron knights and the packrats and everyone . 
 `` i ca n't fail them , ash , '' i said . 
 `` i wo n't . 
 i wo n't have the other courts thinking the iron queen is n't strong enough to come to elysium , to protect her own people . '' 
 `` no one will ever think that . '' 
 ash stepped up behind me , his strong hands on my shoulders . 
 `` but you 're going to tir na nog no matter what i say , are n't you ? '' 
 he sounded resigned , and i did n't have to answer . 
 sighing , he lowered his head , his lips brushing my ear . 
 `` i 've never been able to stop you , my queen , '' he murmured , `` but i do want you to know that i might be a little overprotective tonight . 
 these are your people , so that makes them mine as well , but my first and only duty is to you . 
 always . '' 
 `` majesty ! '' 
 glitch strode toward us before i could answer . 
 neon lightning snapped in his hair , throwing purple shadows over the walls as he bowed . 
 `` the carriages are here , '' the first lieutenant said with a nod to ash , who inclined his head in return . 
 `` we are ready to depart for tir na nog , with your approval . '' 
 `` then let 's go . 
 we should n't keep mab waiting . '' 
 before either of them could reply , i strode forward with my head up and my back straight as fix had instructed . 
 the walk of a queen , regal and confident . 
 after a moment , ash fell into step beside me . 
 i could sense he wanted to say something , argue with me , but he kept silent and did n't bring it up again during the long , cold ride to winter . 
 * * * to put it mildly , the court of the winter queen was not my favorite place in the nevernever . 
 the last time i 'd been to tir na nog , i 'd been a prisoner of queen mab and the unseelie court . 
 my own doing , of course . 
 it was part of a deal i 'd made with ash in exchange for getting my brother home safely . 
 and though i 'd do it all again if i had to , it was , as i remembered it , the worst few weeks of my life . 
 mab despised me , her middle son , rowan , constantly tormented me and her unseelie subjects either wanted to kill , freeze , torture or eat me . 
 then there was ash . 
 he had been there as well , but he had turned cold and cruel , abandoning me to the mercy of his brother and queen . 
 or so i 'd thought at the time . 
 the winter court is brutal and unmerciful , viewing emotion as a weakness that must be destroyed . 
 ash had been keeping me safe the only way he knew how : by playing the part of a heartless winter prince . 
 he 'd played it well ; he 'd hinted to me about how he would have to treat me when we got there , and i 'd still believed his act wholeheartedly . 
 i 'd thought he had turned on me , used me , and my heart had broken into little pieces . 
 i did n't realize until later how much ash had sacrificed to keep me safe . 
 god , i was so naive , i thought , watching crystalline stalactites roll by the carriage windows . 
 mab 's palace resided in an enormous icy cavern , the ceiling so high you could n't see it through the darkness . 
 i 'm lucky i did n't get eaten the very first day i was there . 
 if i could go back to that moment and talk to myself , i 'd probably smack me . 
 thinking of that shy , uncertain girl now made me sigh . 
 you ca n't afford to wear your heart on your sleeve anymore , meghan . 
 not in the winter court . 
 you 're the iron queen now . 
 you have a whole kingdom counting on you to be strong . 
 the palace came into view through the carriage windows , a pristine , glacial blue castle with ice hanging off every tower , coating every step , as beautiful as it was deadly . 
 just like its queen . 
 who , admittedly , was not terribly pleased with me for marrying her favorite-and now only-son . 
 i looked at ash , who was gazing toward the palace , his eyes distant and his face blank . 
 remembering , just like me . 
 i felt a twinge of sadness , empathy and guilt . 
 this had to be hard for him . 
 `` hey . '' 
 i touched the back of his palm , where a gold band entwined with silver vines and leaves circled his third finger , a twin of my own . 
 he turned almost guiltily , and i smiled at him . 
 `` you all right ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 just ... '' he nodded out the window , to the frozen spires looming above the rooftops , and shrugged . 
 `` memories . '' 
 `` do you miss it ? '' 
 `` the court ? 
 the squabbles and backstabbing and constantly having to watch what i said or did ? 
 hardly . '' 
 he snorted , and i smiled , relieved to hear it . 
 `` but ... '' he sighed , looking out the window again . 
 `` there are some things that i miss . 
 i lived here such a long time , i knew the winter court better than almost anyone . 
 i still do . 
 but now ... '' his brow furrowed . 
 `` now , when i look at tir na nog , all can i see are the missing pieces . 
 the family who 's no longer there . 
 sage is gone . 
 rowan is gone . '' 
 his eyes clouded over , and i could feel his regret , the gnawing ache of remorse and guilt . 
 `` i never thought i would miss them , '' ash mused in a soft voice . 
 `` i never thought ... i would be the very last of my line . '' 
 i took his hand in both of mine , squeezing gently , the cool metal of his wedding band brushing my skin . 
 `` i 'm sorry , ash , '' i whispered , as his bright soulful gaze shifted to me . 
 `` i ca n't even imagine what that 's like . 
 i miss my family like crazy , and they 're still alive . '' 
 `` it 's a little different . '' 
 ash gave me a faint smile , though his eyes were still shadowed . 
 `` your family loves one another-you would do whatever it takes to keep them safe . 
 my family ... well , you 've seen them . 
 i could never drop my guard around my brothers , especially rowan . 
 and mab ... '' he shook his head . 
 `` mab was always the winter queen , and she never let us forget that . '' 
 `` but you still miss them . '' 
 `` yes , '' he admitted . 
 `` i was still a part of that circle . 
 it was familiar , safe . 
 i belonged there . 
 even with all the cruel games we used to play , the countless times we used each other , i still knew that rowan and sage and mab would always be there . '' 
 he gazed down at his hand , still trapped in mine . 
 `` but things are different now . 
 my brothers are gone , and the winter court will no longer welcome me , not like it did before . '' 
 `` feeling homesick ? '' 
 `` tir na nog is no longer my home . '' 
 ash finally looked up again , meeting my gaze . 
 his eyes lightened , back to that gorgeous silver . 
 `` i 'm whining , are n't i ? '' 
 he said with a rueful look , and shook his head . 
 `` no , i 'm not homesick . 
 i might miss my kin , but my home is mag tuiredh , or wherever you wish to rule from . 
 the nevernever , the iron realm , even the mortal world , it does n't matter to me . 
 meghan ... '' he shifted closer , closing the distance between us , and one hand rose to brush my cheek . 
 `` my home ... is with you . '' 
 dammit , do n't cry , meghan . 
 i bit my lip to keep the tears in check . 
 it would not do to show up to the winter court with blurry eyes , but sometimes ash would surprise me with quiet , sincere statements like these and i could n't help it . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' he murmured , mistaking my tears for remorse , perhaps . 
 `` i 'll stop talking about the winter court . 
 i knew i had to come back and face mab eventually . 
 you should n't have to hear me go on and on about it - '' `` ash , '' i interrupted , placing a finger against his mouth , making him arch his brows . 
 `` just kiss me . '' 
 he smiled . 
 slipping an arm around my shoulders , he drew me forward , lowered his head and brought his lips down to mine . 
 we kissed each other in that dark carriage , our lips moving in rhythm , both of us uncaring of the unseelie city right outside the windows . 
 ash was gentle at first , keeping himself under control , but when i leaned against him , tracing kisses down his jaw , he groaned and tilted his head back , whispering my name . 
 i pushed him into the corner , my hands tangling in his hair , his running the length of my back , pulling us closer . 
 our kisses were hungry now , devouring . 
 my tongue parted his lips , sweeping inside ; his pulled away to press to my neck , making me shiver and gasp . 
 my hand slipped down his chest to his lean , hard stomach , and then slid beneath the fabric , tracing his ribs . 
 he jerked , exhaling raggedly , before his cool lips seared over mine again . 
 pulling back , he watched me , those clear silver eyes gleaming brightly in the darkness . 
 `` my queen , '' he breathed , one hand reaching up to frame my cheek , making my stomach jump and twirl . 
 `` i belong to you . 
 no matter what mab says , no matter how long i 've been in tir na nog , my life is yours . 
 nothing will ever make me leave your side . '' 
 `` you 're going to make me cry , '' i warned him , as my eyes went blurry again and his gorgeous face shifted in the darkness like water . 
 `` and mab is either going to be very happy to see me in tears , or very disgusted with us . '' 
 he laughed softly and drew me close , wrapping his arms around me in a fierce , protective way . 
 his heart pounded beneath my fingers , and i felt the lightest brush of his lips against my ear . 
 `` i love you , meghan , '' he whispered , and i gave a tiny , happy sob , hiding my face in his shirt . 
 ash held me tight , resting his chin atop my head , gazing out the window . 
 `` i do n't have to hide anything anymore , '' he murmured above me , sounding content and defiant at the same time . 
 `` not from mab , not from anyone . 
 let them talk and stare . 
 this elysium will be very different . '' 
 the carriage jerked and shuddered to a halt at the front gates of the winter palace . 
 ash reluctantly let me go as i pulled back , composing myself for the ordeal ahead . 
 the carriage driver hopped down from the seat and opened the door for us , letting in a swirl of chilly wind . 
 ash exited first , then turned to help me down . 
 `` ready for this ? '' 
 i asked him as i stepped out into the cold , snowy courtyard . 
 icicles hung from everything , and the air was bitingly cold . 
 oh , yes , lovely unseelie weather . 
 i remembered this quite well . 
 glitch and a squad of iron knights stepped forward , flanking us , ready to follow . 
 ash nodded , offering his arm , and together we stepped into mab 's cold , frozen domain . 
 the first thing i noticed , as we crossed the courtyard full of frozen statues and huge , multicolored crystals , was that it was full of winter fey . 
 considering this was the heart of unseelie territory , that was n't surprising , but what made me wary was the fact that they were all staring at us . 
 sidhe nobles watched us with barely concealed smirks , goblins and redcaps followed us hungrily , though they still kept their distance from the knights , and bogies lurked in the shadows , watching intently as we passed . 
 ash 's grip on my arm was tight as we wove our way through the courtyard , ignoring and yet unable to ignore our inhuman audience . 
 as we began climbing the steps into the palace , one of the sidhe nobles , a lanky faery with spiky crystalline hair , gave ash a mocking salute and murmured a sarcastic `` prince . '' 
 ash did n't acknowledge him ; his face stayed blank . 
 the mask of the winter prince . 
 it dawned on me what was happening . 
 they were all here to see the new queen and her supposedly mortal husband . 
 not to be welcoming or polite ; they were testing for weakness , wondering if this new , half-human queen would be easy to manipulate and take apart . 
 and they were also here for ash , to see if their former ice prince would be weak as a mere mortal . 
 which would make the queen he served weak , as well . 
 oh , that had to end . 
 here and now . 
 not only for the future of my kingdom , but if ash was to have any peace in tir na nog , he was going to have to prove himself to his own people . 
 prove to everyone that neither the iron queen nor her knight-though both had mortal blood-were ever to be underestimated . 
 `` ash , '' i whispered as we neared the top of the steps . 
 `` remember what i said this morning , about not getting into any duels ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 we 'd reached the top of the steps , a few feet away from the open door into the hall , and i pulled him to a stop . 
 glitch and the knights paused as well , but i motioned for them to keep going . 
 he gave me a worried look , but bowed and went through the arch , stopping on the other side to wait for us . 
 i turned to my knight , who looked vaguely worried , as well . 
 `` i take it back . 
 the mob behind us is itching for trouble . 
 i want you to oblige them . '' 
 ash blinked . 
 `` you want me to start a fight ? '' 
 he asked in disbelief . 
 `` now ? '' 
 when i nodded , he frowned , lowering his voice . 
 `` mab and oberon are expecting both of us , '' he said . 
 `` it might send the wrong message if you go in alone . '' 
 `` i can handle them . '' 
 i glanced at the crowd at the bottom of the steps , seeing their wide smirks , their hungry gazes , and felt my resolve grow . 
 `` i 'm the iron queen-i should face the other rulers by myself first . 
 and i want you to send another message , ash . 
 the unseelie court is no doubt wondering if their former prince is as strong as he was . 
 they 're curious to see if a mere mortal can protect himself and his queen in the winter court . 
 if there is any doubt , word will spread , and the other courts might see the iron court as weak , easy to exploit . '' 
 i reached out and squeezed his arm , smiling fiercely . 
 `` that doubt ends right here . 
 i want you to make sure that everyone knows that we are not weak , that the iron queen 's knight is not someone to cross . 
 ever . '' 
 ash 's eyes gleamed , the shadow of an evil grin crossing his face . 
 `` as you command , my queen , '' he said in a low voice , barely hiding his glee . 
 `` i will carry out your wishes . 
 please send mab and oberon my apologies . 
 i will rejoin you as soon as i am able . '' 
 i nodded and went through the door , nodding at glitch to follow , leaving my knight to turn and face the trailing crowd . 
 i heard the rasp of his ice-blade as it was unsheathed , and the shouts of the mob in the courtyard . 
 footsteps scuffled over the ground , no doubt winter fey scrambling to attack ... or flee . 
 i felt an icy burst of glamour , probably from ash , and another yell of utter shock . 
 `` what are you ? '' 
 something howled , and then there was a crash , and the sound of shattered icicles tinkling to the ground . 
 laughter rang out , ash 's laughter , jubilant and defiant , making me pause . 
 what are you ? 
 a good question . 
 one that i 'd asked myself on more then one occasion . 
 physically , ash was no different than before ; lean and graceful , with the same command of winter magic and sword skills that made him such a lethal warrior . 
 he was still fierce , loyal , protective and could level an icy glare that could make your insides freeze . 
 in that regard , he had n't changed . 
 and yet , sometimes , he was so different . 
 it would be insane to ever think of ash as soft , but the frozen shell that had always surrounded the winter prince was gone . 
 he was ... kinder now , able to empathize in ways he could n't as a pure unseelie . 
 there were times when he seemed so human in little , subtle ways i 'd never noticed before , that i 'd forget he had ever belonged to the winter court . 
 it made me wonder . 
 was ash human like me , a mortal with faery glamour and magic left over from his life as a winter prince ? 
 or was he still fey ? 
 a faery ... with a human soul ? 
 i did n't know . 
 and really , i did n't care . 
 ash was ash . 
 you could n't put a descriptor on him ; there was no one who had done what he had , no other like him in the entire realm of faery . 
 he was ... unique . 
 another yell echoed through the door . 
 i continued down the hall with glitch and the knights as the clamor of battle rang out behind me , followed by howls of pain and dismay . 
 and i smiled to myself . 
 whatever ash was , he was the best at what he did . 
 it would n't take him long . 
 * * * this year 's elysium was held in queen mab 's ballroom , and the place was already filled with fey . 
 i left glitch and the knights in the hall just outside the entrance , and an unseelie herald announced my arrival in clear , high tones : `` her majesty meghan chase , monarch of mag tuiredh , sovereign of the iron territories and queen of the iron fey . '' 
 he paused , as if expecting to announce ash as well , but of course ash was not with me at the moment . 
 after a heartbeat , the herald nodded , and i stepped into the room , to the stares of dozens of fey . 
 a long white table waited at the end of the room , with three figures already seated and two empty spots farther down . 
 queen mab , king oberon and queen titania waited for me as i walked across the room , my back straight and my chin held high . 
 `` meghan chase . '' 
 mab 's greeting could not exactly be called a welcome . 
 the unseelie monarch sat in the middle of the table , her long black hair styled elegantly atop her head , pinned in place with icicles . 
 `` how fortuitous of you to join us . '' 
 `` queen mab , '' i said politely , and nodded to my father , to her left . 
 `` lord oberon , lady titania . '' 
 the summer queen pursed her lips and pointedly ignored me , but oberon gave a solemn bob of his head . 
 not unfriendly , but not really acknowledging me as a daughter , either . 
 i stifled a sigh . 
 this was going to be a long night . 
 `` where is ash ? '' 
 mab inquired , her dark gaze flicking to the door behind me . 
 `` has he not come ? 
 is he not anxious to see his old court and kith ? '' 
 her voice lowered , turned slightly dangerous . 
 `` has he forgotten us so quickly ? '' 
 `` no , queen mab . 
 ash is here . '' 
 i was quick to reassure her , knowing mab took insult easily and held grudges forever . 
 `` he was ... held up ... for a few minutes in the courtyard . 
 i 'm sure he 'll be here soon . '' 
 `` i see . '' 
 mab sat back , apparently mollified . 
 `` good . 
 i wish to hear how ash is getting along in the poisoned realm . '' 
 i was about to reply that ash was doing just fine , thank you , when every light in the place-torches , the icicle chandeliers , flickering blue candles in the columns-sputtered and went out . 
 snarls and cries of alarm filled the air . 
 chairs overturned as fey leaped to their feet , drawing weapons and glaring into the shadows . 
 i spun , searching for hidden dangers , for anything stupid or crazy enough to attack during elysium when the most powerful fey in all the nevernever were in the very same room . 
 `` silence ! '' 
 mab stood up , her voice booming through the darkness , and instantly everything went completely mute . 
 you could 've heard a pin drop . 
 `` whoever is responsible for this will soon wish they had never been born , '' she rasped into the still darkness . 
 `` you will not embarrass me in my own court in the midst of elysium . 
 show yourself , now ! '' 
 she waved her hand , and lights sprang up again , candles and chandeliers flaring to life . 
 the faeries in the room blinked and cringed and glanced around , wary of attackers and one another . 
 they did n't immediately notice the old woman standing in the middle of the room , where nothing had been before . 
 but i spotted her almost at once , and my stomach went cold with dread . 
 the oracle , ragged , dusty and as brittle as old newspaper , turned the hollow pits of her eyes on me and did n't look away . 
 i heard titania 's sharp gasp , just as the other fey discovered the ancient creature standing in their midst and surged away from her like she had a disease . 
 but the oracle 's sightless gaze never wavered , and she seemed to float over the ground like a dusty wraith , until she stood a few yards from me . 
 `` oracle , '' mab stated in a flat voice . 
 `` why are you here ? 
 what is the meaning of this disturbance ? '' 
 the oracle ignored the winter monarch , however , drifting closer to me . 
 `` meghan chase , '' she whispered , and the stench of centuries-old dust filled the air , the smell of a grave or a tomb . 
 `` iron queen . 
 do you remember me ? '' 
 `` what do you want , oracle ? '' 
 i stood tall , keeping my voice calm . 
 `` old anna brings a warning , '' the oracle whispered . 
 `` one that has been ignored before . 
 do you remember what i told you , meghan chase ? 
 you and your winter prince . 
 do you recall what i said would happen ? '' 
 a murmur went around the room , and mab 's glare sharpened ; i could feel it searing into the back of my head . 
 goose bumps prickled over my skin , but i kept my voice firm . 
 `` no , '' i said , taking a step forward . 
 `` you told us a lot of things , and i gave you what i could . 
 i did what i had to do , to save my family . 
 that 's all that was important . '' 
 `` you remember , '' the oracle insisted . 
 `` do you not ? 
 the one thing you refused to give up . 
 that which would cause you nothing but grief . 
 do you remember now , meghan chase ? '' 
 for second , i did n't know what she was talking about . 
 then it hit me , and were it not for the hundreds of fey watching , including the rulers of the other courts , i would have fallen as my knees gave out . 
 i remembered her words , so long ago , when i had first come to faery . 
 i had traded away a memory for her help , but that was n't the only thing the oracle had wanted . 
 `` you will not give it up , even though it will bring you nothing but grief ? '' 
 `` oh , god , '' i whispered , and my hand slipped to my stomach . 
 the nausea , the sudden weakness and fainting spells . 
 it could n't be . 
 `` yes , '' the oracle whispered , and raised a withered hand , pointing at me . 
 `` you know of what i speak . 
 and you have a decision to make , iron queen . 
 what you carry will either unite the courts , or it will destroy them . 
 i have seen it . 
 i know one of these will come to pass . '' 
 `` no , '' i said in a shaky voice . 
 no one in the room seemed to hear us now . 
 it was as if we were in our own small world , the oracle and myself , and everything around us had faded into obscurity . 
 the withered hag watched me with the pitiless holes in her face . 
 `` you know i speak the truth , meghan chase , '' the oracle went on . 
 `` you know the great power resting inside you . 
 power that can destroy , turn everything we know into dust . 
 but all is not lost . '' 
 she raised a shriveled claw . 
 `` i have a proposition for you . 
 we must speak further , but not here . 
 not like this . '' 
 she drew back , the hollow pits of her eyes never leaving my face . 
 `` time is of the essence . 
 find me . 
 you have friends who will show you the way . 
 i will be awaiting you , and your decision . '' 
 a sudden wind rushed through the ballroom , resnuffing candles and causing a few chandeliers to crash to the ground in a ringing cacophony . 
 fey jumped and howled , and by the time mab restored order and reignited the lights again , the oracle was gone . 
 chapter three `` explain yourself , iron queen ! '' 
 shivering , i turned to face the unseelie monarch , on her feet and glaring at me over the table . 
 mab 's eyes glittered with distrust , and oberon did n't look very reassuring , either . 
 titania , of course , was staring at me like she was hoping my head would explode . 
 but they were the least of my worries , now . 
 the oracle 's words rang through my head , over and over again , staggering me with the implications . 
 you know the great power resting inside you . 
 what you carry will either unite the courts , or it will destroy them . 
 you have a decision to make , iron queen . 
 find me . 
 `` i have to go . '' 
 that was n't well received . 
 mab straightened , every inch of her bristling with offense . 
 `` you dare , iron queen ? '' 
 she asked in her scary soft voice . 
 `` you dare insult me in my own court ? 
 in front of my own people ? '' 
 her black eyes narrowed , and she leaned across the table , coating the glasses with frost . 
 `` you will tell me what is happening , or you will prepare for the wrath of winter . '' 
 i stared her down . 
 `` no , queen mab . 
 you will not threaten me or my kingdom for this . '' 
 mab did n't move , but i could sense her shock ; the daughter of oberon was no longer a cowering little girl . 
 i gestured to the room behind us . 
 `` you heard what the oracle said-this affects all the courts , not just my own . 
 i will not adhere to some ridiculous , outdated protocol when my realm could be in danger . '' 
 `` the girl is right , lady mab , '' oberon said , finally coming to my defense . 
 better late than never , i supposed . 
 `` a summons from the oracle can not be ignored . 
 if she knows something that threatens the stability of the courts , we must be prepared . '' 
 `` and what of ash ? '' 
 mab snapped , a bit peevishly now . 
 `` i have not seen my son in months . 
 the iron queen makes decisions that affects them both . 
 what does ash think of all this ? '' 
 `` ash , '' said a cool , deep voice , suddenly at my shoulder , `` stands with the decision of his queen . '' 
 i did n't move , though my heart leaped and i wanted to glance at him in relief . 
 but i kept my gaze on the unseelie monarch in front of us . 
 `` ash , '' mab said , switching her attention to my knight , standing tall at my side , `` you have not been home in months . 
 do you not care that your queen is breaking the ancient traditions of elysium ? 
 do you not care that she would pit you against your own court , if it came to war between us ? '' 
 i felt a blaze of fury at the unseelie queen 's manipulative ways , but ash 's voice remained calm . 
 `` this is not my home any longer , '' ash said in a clear voice , making sure everyone heard him . 
 `` and if it came to war , i would be the first on the front lines , defending the iron court . '' 
 mab looked stunned . 
 i took advantage of her silence to bow and step back . 
 `` we 'll be taking our leave now , '' i told the rulers of faery , ignoring my pounding heart . 
 of the three , only oberon nodded . 
 titania snorted in disgust , and mab continued to watch me with her dark , eerie glare . 
 `` i apologize for the inconvenience , queen mab , but we must return to mag tuiredh . 
 please excuse us . '' 
 and , without waiting for an answer , i turned and left the ballroom with ash at my side , feeling the winter queen 's frosty gaze skewering the back of my neck . 
 * * * that was the easy part . 
 as soon as we were in the hallway , out of sight and sound of the rulers , ash turned on me , silver eyes bright . 
 `` i heard the commotion in the ballroom , '' he said , his voice low and intense , nothing like the cool , composed nonchalance he had shown in front of mab . 
 `` what happened ? 
 why are we leaving elysium ? 
 what 's going on , meghan ? '' 
 my legs were shaking . 
 now that i was away from the rulers , the oracle 's words came back in a rush , threatening to drown me . 
 i could n't think , could n't explain . 
 i needed time to compose myself , to sort this out . 
 ash had to know , he was the other part of this equation , but the unseelie court was not the place to break this kind of news . 
 i could n't tell him now . 
 not like this . 
 `` home , ash , '' i said finally , desperate to get out of tir na nog , back to the familiar comfort of my realm . 
 `` please . 
 i 'll tell you everything when we get home . '' 
 he was n't happy , but conceded to my wishes , though i could feel his eyes on me the entire ride back to mag tuiredh . 
 how am i going to tell him ? 
 what is he going to think about all this ? 
 i gazed out the window , ash 's worried , intense stare burning my cheek . 
 oh , ash , i wanted this day to come , but i never thought something from our past would come back to haunt us . 
 what are we going to do now ? 
 glitch did n't say anything when the carriage pulled to a halt outside the palace , and no one tried to stop me as i strode down the halls ; even the gremlins , who would normally swarm around me like happy , psychotic puppies whenever i entered a room , kept their distance . 
 only ash kept pace with me , saying nothing , though i knew that would end the second we reached our chambers . 
 i still did n't know how i was going to tell him . 
 beau glanced up from the bed as we entered the room , thumping his tail against the mattress . 
 i went to the dog and scratched him behind the ears , still trying to collect my scattered thoughts . 
 he pushed his nose against my palm and whined , and i buried my face in his soft fur . 
 my heart was going a mile a minute , and my stomach twisted nervously as ash 's footsteps followed me into the room . 
 `` all right , '' ash said , closing the door firmly behind us , `` i 've kept quiet long enough . 
 what 's going on , meghan ? 
 what happened at elysium ? '' 
 my mouth went dry . 
 with beau trailing worriedly behind me , i walked to the glass doors across the room , opened them and stepped onto the balcony , breathing in the night air . 
 far below , mag tuiredh , the city of the iron fey , sparkled under the full moon . 
 my city . 
 my iron fey . 
 the realm i had sworn to protect from any and all threats , from without ... and within . 
 what you carry will either unite the courts , or it will destroy them . 
 `` meghan . '' 
 ash was behind me in the door frame , his voice firm yet pleading . 
 `` please . 
 tell me what 's happening . '' 
 i took a deep breath and walked back into the bedroom . 
 `` i. . . 
 we had an unexpected visitor , '' i began . 
 ash came to my side , not bothering to shut the balcony doors , and a cold breeze ruffled the curtains . 
 `` in the ballroom . 
 it was the oracle . 
 she showed up out of nowhere and freaked everyone out . 
 do you remember her ? '' 
 `` i remember , '' ash said , sounding puzzled . 
 `` new orleans . 
 we went to that cemetery to get a token for her , to exchange for your memory . 
 the church grim chased us all the way to the edge of the grounds . 
 what did she tell you ? '' 
 i gripped the back of a chair to keep myself upright . 
 my heart was pounding against my ribs , and i could barely get the words out . 
 `` she ... she came to me with a warning . 
 she reminded me that the thing that i refused to give up will bring me nothing but grief . 
 that - '' my stomach cartwheeled ; i swallowed hard and continued in a whisper '' - that what i 'm carrying will either unite the courts , or destroy them . '' 
 `` what you 're ... '' ash stopped . 
 stared at me . 
 i felt the energy in the room shift the moment he got it . 
 `` meghan . '' 
 his voice was calm , controlled , but so many emotions swirled just below the surface . 
 `` are ... are you ... pregnant ? '' 
 i shivered and closed my eyes , not knowing whether to laugh or cry or scream . 
 `` i think so . '' 
 ash exhaled slowly . 
 i heard him sit , rather suddenly , on the bed . 
 silence fell . 
 beau whined and nudged his hand , but when that yielded no reaction , he hopped up and sank down next to him with a groan , laying his head on his paws . 
 i closed my eyes and waited . 
 `` what else did the oracle say ? '' 
 ash finally whispered , sounding dazed . 
 `` she has a proposition for me , '' i replied , afraid to turn around , to face him . 
 afraid that i would see fear , dismay or disappointment in his eyes . 
 `` she wants me to find her , said that i have ` friends who can show me the way . ' 
 she said she 'll be waiting for me , and my decision . '' 
 `` decision ? '' 
 i heard the frown in his voice . 
 `` what kind of decision ? '' 
 `` she did n't say . '' 
 i was shaking , trying to hold back frustrated tears . 
 i needed to be strong , but i had just received the news that i was pregnant , and not only that , my child could end up destroying everything i 'd worked so hard to protect . 
 to top it all off , i did n't know if ash wanted a kid , or was ready for a kid , or if i was ready for a kid . 
 `` i did n't have a chance to ask about the details , '' i said , attempting to keep my voice steady . 
 `` after reminding me of that little prophecy , she disappeared , and i decided it was time to go home , screw what the other rulers thought . '' 
 `` hey . '' 
 ash 's low , soothing voice finally made me turn around . 
 he sat on the edge of the mattress , his eyes and face calm , and held out a hand . 
 `` come here a second . '' 
 i stepped forward and put my hand in his . 
 he drew me close and wrapped his arms around my waist , pressing his forehead to my stomach . 
 `` i 'm here , '' he murmured , as i gave a shaky sob and bent over him , hugging him in relief . 
 `` you 're not alone in this . 
 we 'll figure it out . '' 
 i buried my face in his hair , letting the cool , soft strands brush my cheeks . 
 he was my rock , the one thing i could lean on when the world was crumbling around me . 
 `` i guess i made a rather strong impression for my first elysium as queen , '' i murmured , finally starting to feel a bit steadier , like the ground was n't cracking under my feet . 
 `` i just hope i 'm invited back after this . 
 mab is never going to forgive me for walking out on her . '' 
 i felt him smile . 
 `` she 'll get over it . '' 
 `` you think so ? '' 
 `` not really . '' 
 i groaned , and we both fell silent . 
 we stayed like that for a while , holding each other , offering comfort and support , yet lost in our own thoughts . 
 ash was quiet ; i wondered what he was thinking , if he was pleased or terrified at the notion of becoming a father . 
 not only that , the father to a child who might or might not grow up to destroy the courts . 
 how did one reconcile that ? 
 was there a way to ever be prepared for something that extreme ? 
 i could n't ask him yet . 
 i still did n't know how i felt about it . 
 `` when do you want to leave ? '' 
 ash murmured at length . 
 and his voice , though it shook ever so slightly in the beginning , was steady by the end . 
 i took a deep breath . 
 `` tonight , '' i said . 
 `` i do n't think i 'll be able to sleep until this whole thing is resolved . '' 
 he nodded , and i pulled away to pace the room . 
 ash watched quietly from the bed . 
 `` though , i 'm not even sure how to find the oracle , '' i mused , turning to face him . 
 `` she did n't say where she would be . 
 i guess we could go back to the voodoo museum in new orleans - '' `` you will not find her there , human . '' 
 i spun , my heart leaping at the familiar , bored voice . 
 through the open doors , silhouetted against the night sky , a furry gray cat perched on the balcony , watching us with moonlike golden eyes . 
 at the sight of the intruder , beau jerked upright , bristling and showing his teeth . 
 he tensed to lunge , but ash put a hand on his neck and murmured a quiet word , and beau calmed instantly , sinking back to the bed . 
 the gray cat yawned , unimpressed , and gave his paw a couple licks . 
 `` hello , iron queen . '' 
 grimalkin sighed , as if this meeting was encroaching on his valuable time . 
 `` we meet yet again . 
 sooner than i had anticipated , but i suppose it is to be expected . '' 
 he shook his furry head , contemplating us both . 
 `` why is it that neither of you can manage to stay out of trouble for a single season ? '' 
 ash rose from the mattress , his expression wary and puzzled . 
 `` how did you get in here , cat ? '' 
 he asked , frowning . 
 grimalkin sniffed . 
 `` i climbed . '' 
 `` that 's not what i meant . '' 
 it hit me then , what ash was saying . 
 `` wait a minute , '' i echoed , striding out to the balcony , where the cat regarded me lazily . 
 `` how are you able to be here , grim ? 
 you 're not an iron faery , you still ca n't be in mag tuiredh without being poisoned , and i 'm certain you did n't take that journey to the end of the world for yourself . '' 
 grimalkin snorted , as if such a thought was highly offensive . 
 `` how are you doing this ? '' 
 i continued , frowning at him . 
 `` and if you say ' i am a cat , ' i swear i will throw you off this balcony . '' 
 grimalkin sneezed with amusement . 
 `` worry not , human , '' he stated , slitting his eyes at me . 
 `` i am in no danger . 
 it is all part of the deal i worked out with the former iron lieutenant . '' 
 `` ironhorse ? '' 
 `` mmm , yes . '' 
 grimalkin scrubbed a paw over his ear . 
 `` you can say his ... hmm ... spirit still inhabits the amulet i procured , that as long as it remains intact , i am exempt from the poison of the iron realm . '' 
 he yawned again , curling his whiskers . 
 `` i do not know how long it will last , how much time i have left in the iron realm , but the former lieutenant was one of the stronger fey , after all . 
 his last wish was to protect you , even if he could not be there himself . '' 
 he sniffed and yawned again , showing a flash of pointed teeth . 
 `` still , i doubt it will last forever , and i certainly do not intend to stay here any longer than i have to . 
 time is of the essence . '' 
 flicking his tail , he gazed up at me . 
 `` shall we get on with it , then ? '' 
 `` then , you know , '' ash said from behind me . 
 `` you know about the oracle 's prophecy . '' 
 `` you humans are so very adept at stating the obvious . '' 
 `` do you know where she is ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` where we 're going ? '' 
 grimalkin blinked at me . 
 `` i do , '' he purred , holding my gaze . 
 `` and i will ask no favor to lead you there . 
 that has already been taken care of . 
 i am to guide the iron queen , her knight and one other through the wyldwood , to a place called the wishing tree . '' 
 i could tell by the way ash went motionless that he knew about this place . 
 `` what 's the wishing tree ? '' 
 i asked , looking back at him . 
 `` do you really wish to stand around and discuss it ? '' 
 grimalkin said before ash could reply . 
 `` we are wasting time . 
 we must meet one other before the night is out , and if we do not hurry , we will miss our window . 
 let us go . '' 
 he stood , waving his plumed tail . 
 `` i will be waiting for you at the southern edge of the wyldwood , past the bridge into the iron realm . 
 do hurry , human . '' 
 and , in true grimalkin fashion , he vanished . 
 ash and i spared only a few minutes to change-me into jeans and a sweater , him into his long black coat-and to privately call glitch into the room . 
 the first lieutenant was not happy about me traipsing off into the wyldwood in the middle of the night . 
 i was the iron queen ; i had responsibilities to my people and my realm . 
 what if i did n't come back ? 
 `` i 'll be back , '' i assured him , grabbing my sword from the wall and buckling it around my waist . 
 the curved steel blade settled comfortably against my hip . 
 you could never be too careful in the wyldwood . 
 `` ash will be with me . 
 there 's nothing out there that will keep us from returning . 
 i have to do this , glitch . 
 i ca n't explain it , but i have to go . 
 i 'm trusting you to take care of things while we 're gone . '' 
 glitch looked unconvinced , but bowed . 
 `` yes , your majesty . '' 
 beau whined and nudged my hand . 
 i knelt to scratch the dog behind the ears . 
 `` you be good , too , '' i told him . 
 `` take care of glitch and razor while we 're gone , okay ? '' 
 beau panted and wagged his tail . 
 i gave him one last pat and rose , the breeze from the open glass doors ruffling my hair . 
 `` let 's go , '' i told ash , who waited quietly next to the balcony , sword at his side . 
 `` i do n't want to be away longer than we have to . '' 
 i walked onto the balcony and put my hands on the railing , ignoring the city spread like a map of stars below . 
 instead , i closed my eyes , calling up my glamour , the magic of summer and iron that swirled through every part of me , tying me to the realm . 
 it was the essence of science , logic and technology , but also nature and warmth and life . 
 it was how i could look at a clock and see every intricate gear that made it turn and function , but also the painstaking attention to detail that fit beauty and function together seamlessly . 
 it was how i could listen to a song and hear the rigid lines and perfectly timed notes that made up the score , carefully woven through the pure emotion of the music itself . 
 and it was how i could sense my iron fey . 
 how , by focusing my consciousness outward , i could feel their thoughts and know what they were doing . 
 i sent my glamour through the castle , invisible tendrils reaching out , searching . 
 i felt glitch , walking back into the hall , his worry for me carefully concealed . 
 i sensed the guards , standing rigid at their posts , unaware that something was wrong . 
 i caught frantic blips of movement from the gremlins , scurrying about the palace walls , constantly looking for trouble . 
 i kept searching , moving through the walls , searching up and up until ... there . 
 on the far eastern tower , hanging sleepily from the rough stones , were the creatures i was looking for . 
 i sent a gentle pulse through our connection and felt them respond , buzzing excitedly as they woke up . 
 opening my eyes , i stepped back from the railing , and a moment later two insectlike gliders crawled down the wall and perched on the edge of the balcony , blinking huge , multifaceted eyes at us . 
 i glanced at ash . 
 `` ready ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` after you . '' 
 i walked to the edge of the balcony , held my arms out from my sides , and one of the gliders immediately crawled up my back , curling thin jointed legs around my middle . 
 stepping over the railing , i gripped the insect 's front legs and dove off the tower , feeling a rush of wind snap at my hair . 
 the glider 's wings caught the air currents , swooping upward , and we soared over mag tuiredh , its distant lights glimmering far below . 
 ash swooped down beside me , his own glider buzzing excitedly at mine , as if they had n't seen each other in days rather than seconds . 
 he gave me an encouraging nod , and we turned the gliders in the direction of the wyldwood . 
 chapter four the wishing tree , as i learned from ash , was one of those oddities in the nevernever that sounded too good to be true . 
 and , like the old saying warned , it usually was . 
 the tree stood in one of the deepest regions of the wyldwood and was probably as old as the nevernever itself . 
 there were stories about humans going on quests to find it , for the legend stated that if you could get past the dragon or giant snake or whatever nasty thing was guarding the tree , you could wish for anything your heart desired . 
 but of course , as with all things in faery , a wish never turned out the way the wisher expected . 
 a dead lover might be brought back to life with no memory , or married to a rival . 
 the wealth the wisher asked for might belong to someone else , someone very large , very powerful and very angry . 
 wishing for someone to fall in love with you almost ensured that they would die soon after , or become so manically obsessed , all you wanted to do was escape them , cursing the day you ever heard about the tree . 
 `` so , why does grimalkin want to meet us there ? '' 
 i asked , as we landed our gliders a little way from the edge of the iron realm . 
 as the new treaty dictated , no iron fey could cross the border into the wyldwood without permission from summer or winter . 
 as iron queen , i could probably have ignored the rule this once , but the peace treaty was still new , and i did n't want to rock the boat , so i would oblige them for now . 
 the gliders made disappointed clicking sounds when i told them to go home , but eventually went swooping back toward mag tuiredh . 
 `` i hope he does n't expect us to make a wish on the thing , '' i continued , as ash scanned the surroundings , wary and alert as always . 
 `` i 've learned my lesson , thanks . 
 i 'd rather go to tea with mab than make a wish on something called the wishing tree in the middle of the nevernever . '' 
 `` you have no idea how relieved i am to finally hear you say that . '' 
 ash was still gazing around the clearing , looking solemn apart from the grin in his voice . 
 when i glared at him , he turned , and the smile finally broke through . 
 `` i do n't think we 'll have to worry about that , '' he said easily . 
 `` though i would still advise you to be cautious . 
 this is grimalkin we 're talking about , after all . '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 i sighed as he closed the distance between us , not touching , but always close . 
 `` and he wo n't tell us anything until he 's good and ready and i 'm about to strangle him . '' 
 ash 's smile faded as he raised his head , tilting it to the side as though listening for something . 
 `` do you hear that ? '' 
 he asked . 
 we fell silent . 
 through the trees , faint at first but growing steadily louder , voices rose into the air-shouts and curses , mixed with the clang of weapons . 
 `` sounds like a fight , '' ash stated calmly , and i exhaled . 
 of course it was . 
 this was the nevernever , where nothing was ever simple . 
 `` come on , '' i muttered , drawing my sword , `` we 'd better see what 's happening . 
 i swear though , if i catch any more winter knights this close to the border , mab is going to get an earful . '' 
 * * * we headed into the trees , which quickly grew dark and tangled as the iron realm faded into the uniform murk of the wyldwood . 
 the sounds of battle grew louder , more consistent , until we finally broke through the trees and stood at the edge of the wyldwood proper . 
 a large chasm ran the length of the perimeter , separating the wyldwood from the iron realm , and a bridge spanned the gulf between territories . 
 at one point , the bridge had been made of wood , but the wyldwood kept dragging it down , as if it did n't want anyone coming or going into the iron realm . 
 so finally , i 'd spoken to my father , king oberon , and another bridge had been constructed , this time made of stone and fashioned in place by trolls and rock dwarves . 
 moss and vines still curled around the heavy posts and railings , but dwarves knew stonework better than anyone , and this bridge was n't going anywhere for a long time . 
 just as well . 
 a fight raged in the middle of that bridge-at least , i thought it was a fight . 
 it might 've been a crazy , twirling dance for all i knew . 
 a hoard of small , dark faeries in wooden masks jabbered and danced around a tall figure in the center of the bridge . 
 spear points flashed , and i realized the little men were trying to stab the stranger , who was doing a fantastic job of dodging or blocking every strike with his daggers . 
 his hair gleamed a shocking red in the darkness , and my heart leaped to my throat . 
 `` puck ! '' 
 the redheaded faery in the middle of the chaos shot me a quick glance . 
 `` oh , hey , meghan ! '' 
 robin goodfellow paused a split second to wave before dodging back as a midget stabbed at him . 
 `` small world ! 
 and ice-boy 's here , too ! 
 what a coincidence , i was just coming to look for you . 
 hey ! '' 
 he ducked as a spear flew over his head . 
 `` jeez , take it easy , you guys ! 
 i already told you , it was a simple misunderstanding . '' 
 the midgets chattered angrily and surged forward , jabbing with their weapons . 
 puck grimaced . 
 `` uh , ice-boy , a little help ? '' 
 ash instantly drew his arm back and sent a flurry of ice daggers spinning toward the bridge , striking several of the small figures , though not hard enough to kill them . 
 they shrieked and whirled on us , dark eyes flashing , then bounded forward with raised spears . 
 i tensed , but at the edge of the iron realm , they skidded to a halt , gazing up at me with wide eyes . 
 crowding close , they jabbered to one another in that strange , unfamiliar language before turning to shout something to the few who still swarmed around puck . 
 they paused , then came forward to babble at one another in low voices , pointing fingers at me , then puck . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 i whispered to ash , who was following the strange conversation with a slight frown . 
 he sighed . 
 `` they 're aluxob , '' he said , to my utter confusion . 
 `` mayan nature spirits . 
 they protect the ancient forests of the maya , but are usually fairly tolerant of outsiders . '' 
 he shot a look at puck . 
 `` unless the trespasser does something to anger or insult them . '' 
 `` ah . '' 
 `` what do you mean , ` ah ' ? '' 
 puck said , still keeping a wary eye on his former attackers . 
 `` i told them before , it was a teensy tiny misunderstanding with an old headdress and an ancient burial ground . 
 how was i supposed to know it was so important ? '' 
 `` puck - '' i groaned , but one of the small men had crept close , watching us carefully . 
 as i waited , he gave a jerky bow . 
 `` goddess ? '' 
 he asked in a clear , high-pitched voice . 
 `` you ... goddess of place , yes ? '' 
 i looked down at the tiny men , keeping a straight face even as i recalled the line from a favorite movie . 
 when someone asks you if you 're a god , you say ... yes ! 
 `` i am meghan chase , queen of the iron realm . 
 what do you want here ? '' 
 `` command , '' the alux-whatever went on , pointing back to puck . 
 `` command this one . 
 return to us what was stolen . 
 return , and we go . '' 
 ash sighed and shook his head . 
 i blinked at the midget , then turned to glare at puck . 
 `` what did you steal ? '' 
 `` i did n't steal it , '' puck said , sounding affronted . 
 `` i was just borrowing it for a while . 
 i was going to give it back . '' 
 `` puck ! '' 
 `` okay , okay . 
 jeez . '' 
 reaching back , puck pulled a long feather out of his hair . 
 it shimmered as it caught the light , a rainbow of different colors , shifting gorgeously in the wind . 
 begrudgingly , he handed it to the nearest little man , who snatched it from his fingers , scowling . 
 `` man , take one feathered serpent 's wingtip and you 're marked for life . 
 it 's not like they do n't shed them every decade or so . '' 
 the aluxob bared their teeth at puck , bowed to me and , as quickly as they had come , melted back into the trees . 
 we watched until their small forms had completely disappeared into the tangled shadows , leaving the three of us standing alone at the edge of the wyldwood . 
 for a few heartbeats , we just stared at each other . 
 the last time i 'd seen puck , i had been normal meghan chase , the girl he 'd looked after for years at the command of my father , oberon . 
 that was before i nearly died saving faery from the false king , took the throne for myself and married puck 's archrival . 
 before i became the iron queen . 
 things were different now . 
 after the final battle , puck had vanished , first to help ash in his quest to earn a soul , then disappearing from the nevernever completely . 
 no one knew where he 'd gone , but i suspected he 'd wanted to put some distance between us , take some time to think . 
 i 'd desperately hoped to see him again soon , if only to let him know how grateful i was . 
 puck had loved me , but he 'd gone with ash to help him earn a soul so that his archrival could return to the iron realm to be with me . 
 robin goodfellow , for all his pranks and mischief , was the sweetest , most noble person i 'd ever known , and i 'd missed him terribly . 
 `` well . '' 
 puck finally broke the silence , scratching the back of his neck . 
 `` this is awkward . 
 and here i thought i would have to rescue you and ice-boy from something again . 
 that 's normally how these little reunions go . '' 
 he gave me a sheepish grin and stood uncomfortably next to the bridge , shoving his hands into his pockets . 
 `` not sure what to do here , your highness . 
 i 'd give you a hug , but that might not be proper , and bowing just seems weird . 
 think i 'll just stand here and wave . 
 or , i could give you a salute - '' shaking my head , i walked up to him , reached out and pulled him into a hug . 
 he hesitated only a second , then returned it tightly . 
 `` hey , princess , '' he murmured as we drew apart , and i smiled at his old , stupid nickname for me . 
 it seemed everything was back to normal between us , or at least on its way . 
 his gaze flickered to ash , who stood by calmly , watching us both . 
 i spared a glance at my knight , but there was nothing cold or hostile in his expression . 
 he almost appeared happy to see puck . 
 almost . 
 `` we missed you at the wedding , '' he said . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 puck shrugged . 
 `` i was in kyoto at the time , visiting some old kitsune friends . 
 we were traveling up to hokaido to check out this old temple that was supposedly haunted . 
 turns out , a yuki-onna had taken up residence there and had scared off most of the locals . 
 she was n't terribly happy to see us . 
 can you believe it ? '' 
 he grinned . 
 `` course , we , uh , might 've pissed her off when the temple caught fire-you know how kitsune are . 
 she chased us all the way to the coast , throwing icicles , causing blizzards ... the old hag even tried burying us under an avalanche . 
 we almost died . '' 
 he sighed dreamily and looked at ash . 
 `` you should 've been there , ice-boy . '' 
 `` so , how did you end up here ? '' 
 i asked , promising myself to get the rest of that story out of him later . 
 right now , i needed to focus on what we were doing . 
 puck scratched the side of his face . 
 `` well , after the , erm , misunderstanding in hokaido , i decided i should probably put some distance between myself and temperamental snow-maidens . 
 so , i headed out to belize and was poking around these cool mayan ruins , when all of a sudden the oracle pops in outta nowhere , being all mysterious and spooky . 
 i think she tried to scare me with the dust and the light show , but i 've seen so many things jump out and go boo , it 's just kinda sad , now . '' 
 i started . 
 `` the oracle ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` she said i needed to hightail it back to the nevernever , because you and ice-boy were gon na need my help soon . 
 did n't give me much else to go on , only that the three of us had to be together to get past some big nasty coming up in our future . 
 naturally , i thought the two of you had gotten into some kind of trouble , so here i am . 
 uh , minus a few hitchhikers i picked up in belize . '' 
 puck crossed his arms , giving me an appraising look . 
 `` so , what 's the big emergency , princess ? 
 you and ice-boy look fine to me , and the nevernever is n't crumbling around us . 
 what 's going on ? '' 
 `` i 'm pregnant , puck , '' i said quietly , and watched his eyebrows shoot into his hair . 
 briefly , i explained what had happened at elysium , the oracle 's mysterious appearance and invitation , and grimalkin 's instruction to meet him at the wishing tree . 
 by the time i was done , puck was still staring at me openmouthed , struck mute for maybe the second time in his life , and i would 've laughed if the situation was n't so serious . 
 `` oh , '' he finally managed . 
 `` that 's , uh ... wow . 
 that 's not something you hear every day . 
 not exactly what i was expecting , though the entire prophecy thing does get old after a while . '' 
 he shook himself , seeming to regain his composure , and glanced at ash . 
 `` so , it 's the ever so popular firstborn child of doom prophecy , huh , ice-boy ? 
 how very cliche . 
 why ca n't it ever be the third nephew twice removed who 's fated to destroy the world ? '' 
 i felt a twinge of exasperation that puck was being so flippant about a very serious matter , again ... but that was puck . 
 his way of coping with the situation . 
 i guess you could n't blame him . 
 i had just dropped a rather large bombshell in his lap ; it was n't every day that your best friend told you she was pregnant with the future destroyer of the world . 
 oh , great , now i 'm making jokes . 
 ash gave puck a weary look . 
 `` we do n't know anything yet , '' he said , glancing at me as if he knew what i was thinking . 
 `` we have to find the oracle and see what she can tell us , what she 's offering . 
 until then , it 's useless to worry about something that has n't happened yet . '' 
 i marveled that he could be so calm . 
 did he know something i did n't , something he had glimpsed in that future version of us ? 
 but that could n't be right ; surely he would tell me if he 'd seen something like that : our child growing up to destroy the courts . 
 that was kind of a big thing not to mention . 
 or was that all a part of the `` future what-ifs '' he did n't want to talk about ? 
 `` well , '' puck said cheerfully , forcing a rather pained smile , `` it 's just like old times , is n't it ? 
 you , me , ice-boy , the future of the nevernever hanging in the balance ... we just have to wait for furball to show up and then it 'll be perfect . '' 
 `` he is already here , goodfellow , '' came a familiar voice behind us , sounding bored and offended all at once . 
 `` where he has been for much of the conversation , waiting for you to see past the end of your nose . '' 
 `` yep . '' 
 puck sighed as we all turned to face grimalkin . 
 `` just like old times . '' 
 chapter five `` so ... why are we going to the wishing tree again ? '' 
 puck asked as we followed grimalkin through a section of the wyldwood that was even darker and more tangled than most . 
 trees crowded together and vines and branches interlocked like clutching fingers to block the path . 
 it would 've been difficult to navigate , except the tangled vegetation shifted and uncoiled to let us through as i approached . 
 the nevernever recognized a queen of faery ; ash had explained when this first happened . 
 the rulers of the courts were all , in some way , tied to the land , and the nevernever responded to their very presence , even out here in the wyldwood . 
 `` oy , furball , '' puck called when grimalkin ignored him . 
 `` i know you can hear me . 
 why are we going to the freaking wishing tree , of all places ? 
 is creepy oracle lady going to meet us there ? '' 
 `` she is not . '' 
 `` she is not , '' puck repeated , wrinkling his nose . 
 `` of course she 's not . 
 that would make too much sense , right ? '' 
 grimalkin did n't answer , and puck rolled his eyes . 
 `` so , where is she meeting us , cat ? '' 
 `` the dreaming pool . '' 
 `` okay , if anyone else is as confused as me , raise your hand , '' puck said , putting his arm in the air . 
 `` do i have to ask the obvious question , then ? 
 if she 's meeting us at the dreaming pool , why the heck are we going to the wishing tree ? '' 
 grimalkin looked over his shoulder , twitching his tail disdainfully . 
 `` i would have thought the answer obvious , goodfellow , '' he said in a very slow , annoyed voice . 
 `` if you recall , the dreaming pool lies somewhere in the briars . 
 very deep in the briars , and never in the same place twice . 
 to reach it normally , one very nearly has to stumble upon it by accident . 
 and i do not wish to go floundering about the thorns with the lot of you for who knows how long . 
 the wishing tree will get us there much faster . '' 
 `` how ? 
 do n't tell me you 're gon na wish us there . '' 
 puck looked faintly alarmed for a second , and glanced at ash . 
 `` that did n't work out so well for us last time , huh , ice-boy ? '' 
 i blinked at them in shock , but ash snorted . 
 `` you were the one who made the wish , goodfellow . 
 i seem to recall telling you not to do it . 
 of all people , you should 've known better . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 i looked at the grinning prankster . 
 `` do i even want to know ? '' 
 `` you really do n't , princess . '' 
 `` he was trying to make oberon forget about a certain prank that went off in titania 's bedchambers , '' ash answered for him . 
 `` i do n't even remember what it was , but it backfired and caught oberon instead of titania . 
 the erlking was about ready to tear his head off . '' 
 `` oh , great , ice-boy , make it sound like the worst thing ever . '' 
 i rolled my eyes at him . 
 `` it 's a wonder you 've survived this long . 
 what happened with the tree ? '' 
 puck scratched the back of his head . 
 `` well-and this was a long time ago , understand-we made it to the tree - '' `` which took no small amount of effort , because oberon was hunting us all over the wyldwood , '' ash broke in . 
 `` who 's telling the story here , ice-boy ? 
 anyway ... '' puck sniffed . 
 `` we made it to the tree . 
 and i wished that oberon would just ... forget about that little misunderstanding . 
 i thought i phrased it very well , did n't leave anything to chance . 
 and , it worked ... sort of . '' 
 `` sort of ? '' 
 `` everyone forgot us . '' 
 ash sighed . 
 `` the entire nevernever . 
 no one remembered who we were , that we 'd ever existed . '' 
 he leveled a piercing glare at puck . 
 `` i very nearly faded away , thanks to you . '' 
 `` he 'll never let me forget that , '' puck told me , rolling his eyes . 
 i stared at him in alarm , and he grimaced . 
 `` but yeah . 
 it was a pain in the ass to get that wish reversed . 
 not something i 'd want to do again . 
 wishing tree equals bad news . 
 and that 's not even counting the stupid thing guarding it . '' 
 `` which is why i am here , goodfellow . '' 
 grimalkin sighed from up ahead . 
 `` do not worry about the phrasing of the wish-i will take care of that . 
 all you must concern yourself with is getting the queen past the sentinel of the tree . 
 that is why you are here , i assume . '' 
 `` sentinel ? '' 
 i frowned as a thick wall of bramble and thorns peeled back for me , revealing a small clearing beyond . 
 `` what sentinel ? '' 
 puck winced and nodded into the glen . 
 `` that sentinel . '' 
 a tree stood in the center of the clearing . 
 it was large and pale , bare of leaves , with crooked branches reaching up to claw the sky . 
 however , only the top limbs were visible above the coils of a massive snake curled around the trunk . 
 the huge serpent , black and shiny with thick , armorlike scales , shifted its huge body into an even tighter coil , looking like it wanted to suffocate the tree . 
 i could see its head , resting on the ground , an arrow-shaped viper skull with lidless red eyes . 
 a forked tongue , almost as long as me , flicked out to taste the air . 
 `` jeez , that thing has gotten huge , '' puck muttered , crossing his arms as we stared at the gigantic creature . 
 `` i do n't remember it being half that big the last time we killed it , do you , ice-boy ? '' 
 i started , frowning at him . 
 `` you killed it ? 
 then , how is it ... still here ? '' 
 `` it does n't stay dead , '' ash replied , watching the monster over my shoulder . 
 his hands came to rest lightly on my waist as he moved close . 
 `` if someone wants to use the wishing tree , they first have to kill the guardian . 
 if they 're successful , they get their wish , but the sentinel returns to life soon after , even bigger and harder to kill than before . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 i glared at grimalkin , calmly washing his paws on a nearby rock . 
 `` that 's just fabulous . 
 and you expect us to kill that thing ? 
 it 's the size of walmart . '' 
 the cat yawned . 
 `` i do not expect you to do anything , iron queen , '' he said , examining his claws . 
 `` i am simply to guide you to where you need to go . 
 if you do not wish to get to the oracle and inquire about the future of your child , that is your decision . '' 
 he gave the paw a final lick , then set it down . 
 `` but the only way to the oracle is through the wishing tree . 
 and the only way to the wishing tree is through the sentinel . '' 
 `` he 's right . '' 
 ash sighed , and drew his blade . 
 puck followed suit with his daggers . 
 `` if the only way to the oracle is past that serpent , then we 're cutting a path straight through . 
 we did it before-we 'll just have to do it again . '' 
 `` i love it when you talk my language , ice-boy . '' 
 puck grinned . 
 i drew my sword as well , but ash put a hand my arm . 
 `` meghan , wait , '' he said softly , pulling us back a step . 
 i hesitated , then followed him back into the trees , out of sight of the serpent . 
 `` i do n't want you to fight this time , '' he said as he bent close , his expression intent and serious . 
 `` stay back with grimalkin . 
 leave this fight to me and puck . '' 
 i scowled . 
 `` what , you do n't think i can handle myself ? '' 
 i asked , vaguely aware that puck had moved away , giving us some space . 
 grimalkin had also disappeared , so it was just me and my knight . 
 i glared at him , hurt and indignant . 
 `` afraid i 'll get in your way or slow you down ? '' 
 `` it 's not that - '' `` then what is it ? '' 
 i faced him calmly , drawing on the persona of the iron queen . 
 i would not act like a whiny teenager . 
 i was the ruler of mag tuiredh , the queen of thousands of fey , and i would not throw a tantrum in the middle of the nevernever . 
 `` you know i can fight , '' i told him . 
 `` you were the one who taught me . 
 we 've fought side by side against machina , virus , ferrum and an entire army of iron fey . 
 i 've fought more battles than most have seen in a lifetime , and i know i 'll have to fight more in the future . 
 this is part of my duty , ash . 
 i 'm not helpless anymore . '' 
 `` i never said you were ! '' 
 ash pressed his hand to my cheek , peering at me intently , silver eyes bright . 
 `` i never meant to imply that , '' he continued in a softer voice , running his thumb over my skin . 
 `` it 's just ... you 're carrying our child now , meghan . 
 i ca n't risk anything happening to you . 
 to both of you . '' 
 my anger vanished . 
 it was impossible to stay mad when he said things like that . 
 but still , i was the iron queen . 
 i would not let those i loved put themselves in danger while i watched from the sidelines . 
 i 'd done far too much of that already . 
 `` ash , '' i said , meeting that bright , soulful gaze . 
 `` i ca n't . 
 i ca n't hang back and do nothing . 
 not anymore . '' 
 he let out a quiet breath , and i placed my hands on his cheeks , gazing up at him . 
 `` our life , our world , is always going to be dangerous , and there will always be something that wishes us harm . 
 but if this is for the future of our child , and the future of our kingdom , i will stand with you and fight . 
 that is my promise , and my duty as queen . 
 i wo n't let anything come between us or stand in our way . '' 
 ash 's eyes grew smoldering . 
 `` as you wish , my queen , '' he said in a low voice , bending close . 
 `` if this is your will , then i will fight beside you with everything i have . '' 
 and he brushed his lips to mine . 
 we kissed until grimalkin 's impatient sigh filtered through the brambles around us . 
 `` goodfellow is getting uncomfortable , '' the cat said , as we reluctantly pulled away . 
 `` and the guardian is waiting for you . 
 perhaps we can refrain from celebrating until after it is defeated . '' 
 he sniffed as i rolled my eyes , grabbing my sword from where i 'd jammed it into the earth . 
 `` also , i feel obligated to point out that the sentinel is very near invincible now . 
 its scales will turn away most sword blows , and it is impervious to magical attacks . 
 a frontal assault would be most unwise . '' 
 `` okay , so how are we supposed to kill the thing ? '' 
 grimalkin sniffed . 
 `` how was achilles finally defeated ? 
 how did the dragon smaug meet his end ? 
 there is always a chink in the armor , human . 
 it is small , but it is always there . '' 
 a piercing hiss rent the relative silence of the glade , making me flinch , and grimalkin disappeared . 
 the huge snake had uncoiled , and was towering in front of the tree , its tongue flicking the air rapidly . 
 and then another arrow-shaped head rose up where the tail should 've been , identical to the first and just as frightening . 
 the two-headed serpent hissed again , sounding angry and defiant , flashing twin pairs of very long , curved fangs . 
 `` uh , guys ? '' 
 puck glanced over his shoulder at us . 
 `` not to be rude and all , but this thing is starting to eye me like i 'm a big tasty mouse . 
 i hope you two are planning to join the party soon . '' 
 i shared a glance with ash , who waited quietly , not looking at the snake or puck or grimalkin , but at me . 
 `` ready for this ? '' 
 i asked him , and he nodded , gesturing with his sword . 
 `` lead the way , my queen . 
 i 'm right beside you . '' 
 we left the trees , walking calmly across the field , side by side . 
 the monstrous , two-headed snake hissed a challenge and reared up into a coiled s , ready to strike . 
 `` how you wan na do this ? '' 
 puck muttered as we got closer . 
 the sentinel 's beady eyes followed us as we approached , never blinking , and it had gone perfectly , dangerously still . 
 i felt the tension lining its huge body , like a rubber band stretched to breaking , and my heart pounded . 
 `` you take one head , '' ash replied , his narrowed gaze on our opponent . 
 `` i 'll take the other . 
 meghan , that will give you enough of a distraction to look for the weak spot . 
 and let 's hope grimalkin knows what he 's talking about . '' 
 `` weak spot ? '' 
 puck echoed , looking confused . 
 `` what weak spot ? 
 last time we fought this thing , we just hacked it to - '' one snake head lunged . 
 insanely fast , it darted in , jaws gaping , a dark blur that took me by surprise . 
 puck , however , was ready for it . 
 he leaped straight up and , as the snake 's jaws snapped shut in the place he had been , landed on the flat , scaly head . 
 the sentinel hissed and reared back , shaking its head , trying to dislodge its unwanted passenger . 
 puck whooped loudly , clinging like a leech , dagger flashing as he hacked and stabbed when he could . 
 where the dagger edge met scales , sparks flew , but the blade was unable to pierce the thick hide . 
 still , it must 've pissed the snake off royally , because the head went crazy trying to dislodge him . 
 `` meghan , watch out ! '' 
 i jerked back , cursing myself . 
 in the split second my gaze had been on puck , the second head had streaked toward me . 
 ash lunged in front of me and met the attack with his own , the ice-blade slashing down to catch the serpent in the eye . 
 the snake screamed , in pain this time , and recoiled . 
 hissing furiously , it turned on ash , who stepped forward to meet it , his blade held up before him . 
 too close , meghan . 
 focus , dammit . 
 i took a deep breath and felt the glamour of summer and iron rise up in me . 
 with puck and ash keeping the sentinel busy , i closed my eyes and sent my magic into the ground , into the wyldwood itself . 
 i felt the roots of the ancient wishing tree , extending deep into the earth , the power that hummed through it and all the nevernever . 
 i could even feel the heartbeat of the sentinel itself , the sudden fear as it realized the two warriors it fought were just a distraction . 
 that the small , insignificant human on the ground , glowing with sudden power , was the real threat . 
 `` meghan ! '' 
 i heard ash 's warning shout , sensed that both heads had broken off their attacks and were now coming for me . 
 i felt the speed of the heads as they darted in , lethal fangs extending to pierce me and swallow me whole , and smiled . 
 too late , i 'm afraid . 
 the roots of the wishing tree , thick and gnarled and ancient , erupted from the dirt around me , surging into the air . 
 they shot forward to meet the sentinel , wrapping around the huge coils , pinning it to the ground . 
 hissing , the snake thrashed and flailed its powerful body , snapping the tough , thick roots and wiggling free . 
 it was strong , stronger than i expected . 
 triumphant , the heads reared up again , ready to strike . 
 but an ice-spear flew through the cage of branches , striking one head , and a huge raven swooped in to peck at the eye of the second . 
 the heads flinched , distracted for a brief moment , and that was all the time i needed . 
 i called the roots again , but this time , my iron glamour surged forth , infusing the wood as it wrapped around the snake . 
 the sentinel hissed and thrashed again , trying to break free , but the ancient roots were streaked with iron now and as strong as cables . 
 the snake 's thrashing slowed as the iron roots coiled around it , and it shrieked in frustration . 
 gripping my sword , i walked forward , still sending power flowing into the tree , the merged glamour of summer and iron . 
 i passed the first head , which hissed and tried to snap at me , failing . 
 i walked calmly past the second , to the same result , until i stood in the center of the coil of roots and snake . 
 and i closed my eyes again , searching for the heartbeat , the pulse of life that pounded through the huge sentinel . 
 i followed that beat , the coils of both snake and tree thrashing wildly around me , until i found it . 
 a chink in the snake 's armor , a hole barely the size of my fist . 
 the sentinel wailed , beady red eyes glaring at me through the branches , and i gave it a sad smile . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 but i am the iron queen , and you are in my way . '' 
 raising my sword , i drove it , point down , into the crack between scales , sinking it deep . 
 the sentinel screamed , a high piercing wail , and convulsed madly , shaking the roots of the tree . 
 i staggered away , clutching my sword , as it wailed and thrashed , fighting the inevitable . 
 at last , its struggles slowed , the light went out of its crimson eyes and it finally stopped moving . 
 i slumped against a branch , breathing hard , my body spent from using so much power . 
 pushing myself off the root , i sheathed my blade as ash and puck came through the web , both their expressions blank with disbelief . 
 i grinned at them tiredly . 
 `` there , that was n't so bad , '' i said , still trying to catch my breath . 
 `` so , why did you guys have such a hard time , before ? '' 
 puck blinked at me , and ash approached until he stood only a few feet away . 
 silently , he met my gaze and , lowering his head , gave me a very solemn bow . 
 `` you are truly a queen of faery , '' he said in a voice only i could hear . 
 `` i am honored to be your knight . '' 
 a lump caught in my throat , but at that moment , the wishing tree flared up and blazed with light . 
 i flinched and turned away as hundreds , if not thousands , of candles sprang to life along the branches , making the entire tree glow in the darkness like a beacon . 
 `` oh , yeah , '' puck commented , staring up at the galaxy of flickering lights . 
 `` i remember this . 
 bit of advice , princess-only blow out the one candle . 
 bad things happen if you try to wish for more than one thing . '' 
 warily , we stepped beneath the limbs of the tree , feeling the heat from a thousand tiny flames against our faces . 
 i caught a flash of gray fur overhead , and grimalkin peered down at us from one of the branches , the candlelight reflected in his golden eyes . 
 `` the wish has already been spoken , '' he purred , waving his tail . 
 `` the way to the oracle is clear . 
 when you are ready , simply douse a candle and close your eyes . 
 the tree will do the rest . '' 
 `` yeah , and what else will it do , i wonder ? '' 
 puck muttered , giving both grimalkin and the flickering candles a dubious look . 
 `` you sure you voiced the wish exactly right , cat ? 
 no loopholes or funny turns of phrase that could be used against us ? 
 i do n't wan na wake up as a frog or find myself on the bottom of the ocean or something crazy like that . '' 
 the cat scratched an ear , unconcerned . 
 `` i suppose you will have to take your chances . '' 
 i spotted a candle on a low hanging limb , its orange flame dancing weakly in the shadows . 
 `` come on , '' i told the boys quietly . 
 `` if this is the only way to the oracle , we have to do this . 
 no turning back now . '' 
 ash moved beside me and took my hand . 
 `` we do n't want to get separated , '' he murmured , lacing our fingers together . 
 `` there will be a cost , later , that 's how it works . 
 the wishing tree always demands a price , no matter what grimalkin says . '' 
 my stomach twisted , but ash gave me a reassuring smile and squeezed my hand . 
 i felt the smooth metal of his wedding band press against my skin , and i smiled back . 
 half turning , i held out the other hand to puck . 
 he hesitated , still eyeing the tree , and i wrinkled my nose at him . 
 `` robin goodfellow , '' i said , giving him a challenging smile , `` do n't tell me you 're afraid . '' 
 his green eyes flashed with familiar defiance , and he stepped close , taking my hand . 
 `` not on your life , princess , '' he returned , smirking . 
 `` though do n't think i do n't know what you 're doing . 
 if we all end up as llamas , i 'm going to spend the rest of my life following you around saying ' i told you so ' in llama-ese . '' 
 i quickly pushed away the thought of puck as a llama before i started laughing . 
 i needed to stay serious , focus on what lay ahead . 
 the oracle waited for me , and she held the answers about my child . 
 but i was n't afraid anymore . 
 not with ash and puck beside me , their fingers wrapped tightly around mine , protective auras glowing strong . 
 just like old times , as puck said . 
 the three of us had been through so much together and always won ; this was n't going to be any different . 
 i squeezed their hands , raised my head and blew out the candle . 
 a thin wisp of smoke curled into the air , and that was the last thing i saw . 
 chapter six i opened my eyes , blinking in confusion . 
 i did n't remember closing them , but i must have , because everything was different . 
 the glen and the wishing tree were gone , as was the body of the monstrous snake . 
 a tunnel of thick black brambles surrounded me , bristling with thorns , the branches creaking and slithering against one another like they were alive . 
 `` well , we 're here , '' puck said , releasing my hand to pat himself down , as if making sure he was all there . 
 `` looks like we made it in one piece , too . '' 
 he peered past me to where ash stood on the other side , squeezing my fingers in a death grip . 
 `` and all together . 
 i was half expecting us to land in different corners of the nevernever , or at the very least surrounded by nasties wanting to tear our heads off . 
 looks like furball actually pulled it off . '' 
 `` what did you expect , goodfellow ? '' 
 grimalkin sauntered by , tail in the air , and did not look at us . 
 `` i am a cat . '' 
 i stole a glance at ash . 
 he looked relieved as well , though i could tell he was worried about the whole situation . 
 he , too , had been expecting trouble the moment we arrived . 
 `` stay alert , '' he told us softly as we moved forward , following grimalkin down the tunnel of thorns . 
 `` just because there are no surprises now does n't mean there wo n't be some later . '' 
 ahead of us , the ceiling of the tunnel began to shimmer , rippling with waves of blue light . 
 as we reached the end of the corridor , the passage opened up , and we stood at the edge of a small grotto surrounded by thorns . 
 overhead , the briars shut out the sky , branches woven so tightly together the area felt more like a cave than anything else . 
 the walls were filled with human clutter : toys , books , picture frames , trophies , stuffed animals , all dangling from the thorns or speared upon a long black spike . 
 grimalkin had vanished within the clutter , like another stuffed animal in the huge pile of toys . 
 a porcelain doll with a missing eye stared at me as i ventured past the lip of the tunnel into the chamber . 
 `` well , that 's just all kinds of creepy , '' puck muttered at my side , giving the doll a look of alarm . 
 `` if you see any clowns , do me a favor and do n't point them out , okay ? 
 i 'd rather live without the nightmares . '' 
 i was about to snap at him for putting the thought of killer clown dolls in my head , when ash touched my arm and nodded to something ahead of us . 
 in the center of the grotto , a bright , glowing pool threw hazy reflections over the walls and ceiling . 
 but the pool itself was perfectly still , like the surface of a mirror , and you could see everything reflected in it . 
 the walls full of clutter and the ceiling of the grotto plunged down like a hole in the pool 's surface . 
 at the edge of the water , slumped in an ancient rocking chair like a pile of discarded rags-or a long desiccated corpse-was a familiar old woman . 
 for few seconds , the oracle was so very still that i thought she was dead , after all . 
 then her head slowly turned , and those empty , eyeless pits fastened on me . 
 `` you have come . '' 
 she rose from the chair as if she were on strings and raised a withered hand , beckoning us forward . 
 i squared my shoulders and marched toward her , ash and puck close behind me . 
 the briars seemed to hold their breath , the dolls and other toys watching intently , until we stood just a few feet from the ancient hag , the now-familiar stench of grave dust and old newspapers clogging the back of my throat . 
 for a second , nobody moved . 
 i cleared my throat . 
 `` all right , '' i announced , meeting that eerie stare head-on . 
 or , hoping i did , anyway . 
 it was difficult to glare at an eyeless face-you did n't really know if it was looking at you or not . 
 `` i 'm here , oracle . 
 we came as fast as we could . 
 now , what is this offer you were speaking of at elysium ? 
 what do you know about my child ? '' 
 `` your child , '' the oracle mused , almost dreamily . 
 `` your son . 
 yes , i know much about him , '' she continued , smiling at my shock . 
 `` many futures have i glimpsed , and in all , he is a remarkable creature , born of summer , winter and iron , an anomaly among all his kind . 
 human and fey , with the magic of all three courts flowing through his veins , he will possess a power none have ever seen . '' 
 she paused then , her forehead creasing like wrinkled paper . 
 `` and here is where his future becomes cloudy . 
 something is out there , iron queen , something dark , and it has the power to turn your son from you . 
 i can not see what it is , perhaps it is not even in the world yet , but he is balanced on a very fine edge , able to fall either way . 
 and what comes after ... '' she shook her shriveled head . 
 `` i have seen death and destruction on a grand scale , many lives lost , the courts destroyed , and in the center of it all is your son . '' 
 i was having trouble breathing . 
 my legs felt shaky , and i locked my knees to keep myself upright . 
 beside me , even puck looked stunned , his face pale beneath his red hair . 
 ash did n't say anything , but he stepped close and placed a steady hand on the small of my back , just to reassure me he was still there . 
 i leaned into him and drew strength from his touch . 
 `` you ... still have n't told me your offer , '' i whispered , reeling from the flood of information the oracle had thrown at me . 
 `` you could have told me this at the voodoo museum , or anywhere in the nevernever . 
 why did you call us here ? '' 
 the oracle 's thin lips curled in a grim smile . 
 `` because , i have something to show you , iron queen , '' she whispered back , and turned to gesture at the water behind her . 
 `` the dreaming pool can show anyone their future , or the future of another , if one knows where to look . 
 come ... '' she beckoned me with a talon . 
 `` step forward , into the waters , and i will show you your son . '' 
 i shared a glance with ash , and he nodded . 
 but before we could step forward , the oracle spoke again . 
 `` only the iron queen , '' she said , as i looked up sharply . 
 `` i can take only one with me into the pool . 
 this is the queen 's decision , no others ' . '' 
 `` this is ash 's son , too , '' i protested . 
 `` he deserves to see this . '' 
 `` i can not , '' the oracle said simply . 
 `` i can show only one , and you are the queen . 
 this responsibility , and the choice that comes with it , falls to you . '' 
 ash took my arm , gently drawing us away from the shimmering light of the pool . 
 puck nonchalantly moved between us and the oracle , crossing his arms and smirking at her , making sure she did n't follow , but she did not move . 
 i looked up at ash , and he offered a faint smile , taking my hands . 
 `` it 's all right , '' he murmured , gazing into my eyes . 
 `` i trust you . 
 i know you 'll do what 's best for our son , even if i ca n't be there . 
 just remember this , meghan . '' 
 one hand rose to cup my cheek . 
 `` whatever the oracle shows you , no matter how bleak or terrible or frightening , it has n't happened yet . 
 do n't let her terrify you into doing something we 'll both regret . '' 
 i nodded , my heart pounding . 
 ash lowered his head and kissed the side of my neck , right below my ear , and i shivered . 
 `` i love you , '' he whispered . 
 `` know that i 'm with you always , even if you ca n't see me . '' 
 he pulled back just enough to place a soft kiss on my lips , his gaze intense . 
 `` whatever you discover , you 're not alone . 
 you have me , and puck , and a whole kingdom , ready to stand beside you at a word . 
 there is nothing the oracle can reveal that will make us abandon you . '' 
 my throat felt tight . 
 i wanted to fall into him , to curl into his arms and shut out the whole world . 
 but the oracle was watching us ; i could feel the hollow pits of her eyes on the back of my head , and i could not appear weak , not now . 
 so i pressed a palm to ash 's cheek , trying to convey what i felt without words . 
 he covered my hand with his own and smiled . 
 then i turned , raised my chin and walked back to the oracle . 
 she was no longer in the same spot but had drifted out into the center of the dreaming pool , still watching my every move as we joined puck at the edge . 
 our reflections gazed back at us , perfect mirror images on the glassy surface : the iron queen , her knight and the infamous robin goodfellow , smirking at the hag in the center of the pool . 
 the oracle stood on top of the water , as if the pool was only an inch deep . 
 though the water was so still , it was impossible to discern the bottom ; all i could see was the brambly roof of the grotto , reflected back at me . 
 `` step forward , iron queen , '' the oracle beckoned . 
 `` come to anna , and i will show you your son . 
 remember , only you are allowed this privilege . 
 your knight and the summer prankster must stay behind . 
 do not worry , it will not take long . '' 
 `` oracle , '' ash said in a deadly calm voice as i took a step forward , halting at the water 's edge . 
 `` i am trusting you with the well-being of my wife and a queen of faery , '' he continued as i hesitated . 
 `` if she returns harmed in any way , not only will you face the wrath of the entire iron court , you will have to deal with me , personally . '' 
 `` yeah , and he wo n't be alone , either , '' puck chimed in , sounding more serious than i 'd heard in a while . 
 `` you 'll have to deal with both of us , not to mention a very pissed-off summer king . 
 and probably the entire seelie court . '' 
 he grinned then , but it was one of his scary , evil smiles . 
 `` just a friendly warning to bring her back unscathed . '' 
 the oracle pursed her bloodless lips . 
 `` your queen 's physical body will be in no danger , '' she said reluctantly , as if being forced to read the fine print of a contract . 
 `` however , glimpsing the future , even a small part , is a serious matter , and can be traumatizing for weaker minds . 
 i can not promise that your queen will not be changed by what she will see . 
 i can only show her the future . 
 i can not be responsible for how it affects her . '' 
 puck turned a worried gaze on me . 
 `` sure you wan na do this , princess ? '' 
 i felt ash at my back , remembered his words , the look in his eyes , and felt no fear . 
 `` yes , '' i said firmly , facing the pool again . 
 ash had seen our future , a possible one , anyway , and it had n't stopped him . 
 i needed to do this , to discover everything i could about my child , our son . 
 `` i 'm ready , '' i told the oracle . 
 `` show me what you 've seen . 
 i want to know . '' 
 `` then , come , '' the oracle whispered , holding out a hand . 
 `` step into the dreaming pool , meghan chase . 
 step into the pool , and i will take you to your son . '' 
 i walked forward , expecting the sink below the surface , to wade out to where the oracle floated above the water . 
 but the pool was only an inch deep , after all , because the water did n't even come past my ankles , barely soaking the hem of my jeans as i walked out to the middle of the pool . 
 the water barely rippled as i passed , maintaining its near-perfect glassiness even when my footsteps broke the surface . 
 by the time i reached the oracle , waiting in the center , the pool had returned to absolute calm once more . 
 the oracle 's eyeless holes scanned my face . 
 `` are you certain this is what you wish ? '' 
 she asked , as if this was the last formal courtesy she had to get out of the way . 
 `` you can not unsee what you are about to discover . '' 
 `` i 'm sure , '' i said . 
 she nodded once . 
 `` then look down , iron queen . 
 look straight down , into the water . '' 
 i looked down . 
 my reflection stared back at me , perfectly clear . 
 i felt like i was standing on a piece of glass or a giant mirror , rather then the surface of a pool . 
 but , then i stared past my image , past my head , to where the ceiling of the grotto should 've been reflected in the water 's surface . 
 the brambly ceiling of the chamber now blazed with stars , and a full silver moon beamed down from a cloudless sky . 
 startled , i looked up . 
 the shadowy grotto had disappeared . 
 a puddle still soaked my feet , but i now stood in the middle of a grassy field , gentle hills rolling away on either side . 
 in the distance , at the bottom of a slope , fluffy white creatures moved through the grass like stray clouds , and their faint baas drifted to me over the breeze . 
 `` where am i ? '' 
 i asked , turning in a slow circle . 
 a hint of dust and decay abruptly caught in my throat and sent the sheep bolting over the hills in terror . 
 `` the mortal realm , '' the oracle whispered , appearing behind me . 
 `` ireland , i believe it is called now . 
 the birthplace of many of our kind . '' 
 i was about to ask what we were doing in ireland , when another scent on the wind made me stop , my heart jumping to my throat . 
 it was faint , but i recognized it immediately ; live through enough war and battles , and the smell becomes impossible to ignore . 
 blood . 
 i followed the direction of the breeze and saw a lone figure several yards away , standing beneath the light of the moon . 
 his back was to me , but i could see he was tall and lean , his loose silver hair gleaming in the darkness , tossed gently by the wind . 
 he stood in the middle of a ring of toadstools , huge white bulbous things that formed a near-perfect circle around him . 
 as i approached , my heart began a strange thud in my chest . 
 the figure did n't turn around , his attention focused on the ground at his feet . 
 as i got closer , i saw the sword , curved and graceful , held loosely in one hand . 
 the blade and the arm that held it were stained with blood , dark streaks all the way past his elbow . 
 as i drew close , the figure turned , and i gasped . 
 i could n't see his face ; it was blurry and indistinct , his features hidden as if in a fog . 
 but i knew him ; i recognized him as surely as i knew my own shadow , my own heartbeat . 
 bright , tall , achingly handsome , even if i could not see his face . 
 i sensed piercing , icy-blue eyes , somewhere in the haze between us , felt him smile at me . 
 my son . 
 this is my son . 
 and he was covered in blood . 
 it stained his hands , his arms , was splattered in large streaks across his chest . 
 my heart gave a violent lurch , thinking he was fatally wounded , dying perhaps . 
 was this what the oracle wanted to show me ? 
 was this the grief she was talking about , the death of my child ? 
 but how could that be , when he was standing right there , and i could still feel his smile , directed at me ? 
 then i realized the blood was not his own . 
 and i saw what was lying in the grass before us . 
 the world seemed to stop for a moment . 
 my legs shook , and i sank to my knees , unable to hold myself up any longer . 
 no , this could n't be . 
 this was a cruel joke , a nightmare . 
 a body lay at my son 's feet , sprawled on its back in the grass , gazing sightlessly at the moon . 
 another boy , my age perhaps , with messy brown hair and smoky blue eyes . 
 a pair of short blades were clutched loosely in his hands , though the edges were clean . 
 blood pooled from a gaping slash in his chest , right over his heart , staining his once-white t-shirt nearly black . 
 i felt sick , and covered my mouth to keep from screaming . 
 i 'd never seen this boy , not like this , but i knew him . 
 i recognized his face , his eyes , the tug on my heart . 
 though he was years older now , and had changed so much , i 'd know him anywhere . 
 `` ethan , '' i whispered , touching his arm . 
 it was cold , sticky , and i yanked my hand back , shaking my head . 
 `` no , '' i said , trembling . 
 `` no , this is n't true . 
 it ca n't be . '' 
 i looked up at my son , who was no longer smiling , and i sensed his cold blue eyes , appraising me . 
 `` why ? '' 
 my son did n't answer . 
 sheathing his sword , he stared down at the body , and though his face remained hidden and blurred , i could sense tears running down his cheeks . 
 a voice , low and soft , clear and high , filled with infinite possibilities , drifted over the grass . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 then he turned and walked away , leaving me shaking with grief and horror and confusion , staring at the lifeless shell of my baby brother . 
 `` that is always the trigger , '' the oracle whispered behind me . 
 `` no matter what your son chooses afterward , be it savior or destroyer , this scene is the catalyst that heralds the entire event . 
 the death of ethan chase brings with it a storm unlike any faery has seen , and in the eye of the hurricane stands your son . '' 
 `` this ca n't ... be his only future , '' i whispered , unwilling to believe that my son was destined to kill my brother . 
 `` there have to be other paths , other outcomes . 
 this ca n't be for certain . '' 
 `` no , '' the oracle said , almost reluctantly . 
 `` it is not the only path . 
 but this is the future that is the most clear . 
 and it becomes clearer with every passing day . 
 be forewarned , iron queen , your brother and your son are on a collision course toward each other , and if they ever meet , the fate of the nevernever dangles in the balance . 
 as do the lives of your family . 
 but ... i can stop it . '' 
 i finally tore my gaze from ethan 's body and looked at her . 
 `` you ? 
 how ? '' 
 the oracle 's eyes were pitiless holes as she watched me , the wind fluttering her clothes like old rags . 
 `` i offer a contract , '' she whispered . 
 `` a bargain , for the sake of the nevernever and your family . 
 for all the lives it will save , including your brother 's . '' 
 a cold hand gripped my stomach . 
 i suddenly knew what she was going to ask , but i continued nonetheless . 
 `` what kind of contract ? 
 what do you want from me ? '' 
 `` your child , '' she replied , confirming my hunch and making my insides recoil . 
 `` promise me your firstborn son , and all the futures i have glimpsed with him will melt away . 
 your brother 's life will be spared , and the nevernever will be in no danger , if you remove his string from the tapestry . '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 the response was swift and automatic , without thinking . 
 no way i was giving my firstborn son to this creepy faery . 
 it was out of the question . 
 but the oracle held up her hands in a placating gesture , claws glinting the moonlight . 
 `` think about it carefully , iron queen , '' she whispered . 
 `` i know your initial response is to refuse , but think about the implications of your choice tonight . 
 the fate of the nevernever , and your human family , hangs on this one string . 
 you are a queen of faery-you have responsibilities now , to your subjects and your kingdom . 
 it is your duty to protect them , from all threats , whatever form they wear . 
 if this was not your son , if this was a random stranger threatening the future of the nevernever , of countless lives , would you not choose to stop it ? '' 
 `` but it 's not a random stranger , '' i said in a shaking voice . 
 `` it 's my child . 
 ash 's child . 
 i ca n't do that to him . '' 
 `` you are his queen , '' the oracle went on . 
 `` he will understand , and he will support any decision you make , regardless if he agrees or not . '' 
 she held out a hand , her voice earnest . 
 `` i promise you , meghan chase , your son will want for nothing with me . 
 i will be like a mother to him . 
 he will grow up unaware of his true heritage , far from the courts and any influences they might have over him . 
 he will be safe , and he will never grow into the threat you saw tonight . 
 that is my offer , and my solemn vow . 
 so , meghan chase ... '' she drifted closer , her hollow gaze burning into me . 
 `` the fate of your world hangs on this reply . 
 what is your answer ? 
 do we have a deal ? '' 
 i closed my eyes . 
 could i do this ? 
 give up my son , to save the nevernever ? 
 was i being selfish , dooming everyone to chaos and destruction , if i refused ? 
 and what of my family ? 
 my brother , the one who had started the entire adventure , in a way . 
 i 'd do anything to keep him safe . 
 just ... not this . 
 i clasped my hands in front of my face , thinking , and my fingers pressed against something cool and hard . 
 opening my eyes , i looked down at my hand . 
 my ring sparkled in the moonlight , gold and silver , reminding me of its twin and the knight it was attached to . 
 ash saw his future , i thought suddenly . 
 he saw our future . 
 or , one of them , anyway , when he was trying to earn a soul . 
 did he see this ? 
 our son killing ethan , destroying the nevernever ? 
 if he did ... if he had ... he had n't let it stop him . 
 he had finished what he 'd set out to do : he 'd earned his soul , and come back to the iron realm to be with me . 
 `` i trust you . '' 
 his voice echoed through my head , like he was right there , standing behind me . 
 `` i know you 'll do what 's best for our son . 
 remember , whatever the oracle shows you , no matter how bleak or terrible or frightening , it has n't happened yet . '' 
 `` no , it has n't , '' i whispered . 
 the oracle wrinkled her forehead . 
 `` what was that ? '' 
 she asked , frowning . 
 `` i did not hear you . 
 have you come to a decision , meghan chase ? '' 
 `` i have . '' 
 i straightened my shoulders and stared her down . 
 `` and the answer is no , oracle . 
 no deal . 
 i 'm not giving up our son , because of a future that might come to pass . 
 and you have some nerve , trying to force this decision on me without the father of my child present to hear it , as well . 
 we 're a family now . 
 whatever happens , we will deal with it , together . '' 
 the oracle 's withered , eyeless face crumpled with rage . 
 `` then i am sorry , iron queen , '' she hissed , floating back several paces . 
 `` if you will not accept my offer , you give me little choice . 
 for the future of the courts , and all of faery , you will not leave this place . '' 
 i drew my sword , and the oracle hissed , raising her steely talons . 
 `` you gave your word , '' i told her as she circled me like a dusty , ragged phantom , her hair writhing in the breeze . 
 `` you promised ash and puck that i would not come to harm . '' 
 `` i said your physical body will not be harmed , '' the oracle replied , baring rotten yellow teeth . 
 `` but we are not in the physical world anymore , human . 
 this is more a dream , or a nightmare , depending on how you see it . '' 
 damn faery word games . 
 i should 've seen this coming . 
 `` ash and puck are still waiting for me , '' i told her , keeping the point of my blade angled in her direction . 
 `` if i do n't return , you 'll have the entire iron realm coming after you . 
 this is n't worth it , oracle . '' 
 `` your protectors know nothing of what is happening now , '' the oracle replied , darting back like a marionette whose strings were jerked . 
 `` they see only your physical body , and the death of your dream self will not affect it . 
 though they will take an empty husk back to the iron court tonight , and by that time , i will be long gone . 
 i did say your mind might not be unchanged by this little encounter . '' 
 i growled a curse and lunged at her , stabbing with my sword . 
 she jerked back , baring her rotten teeth . 
 `` this is my realm , meghan chase , '' she spat . 
 `` you might be a queen of faery , and have an entire kingdom ready to fight for you , but here , the dream obeys me ! '' 
 snarling , she waved a claw , and the landscape twisted around us . 
 the moonlit hills disappeared , and black , gnarled trees rose up around us , clawing and grasping . 
 i dodged , cutting away branches that slashed at me with twiggy claws , and the oracle hissed a laugh . 
 i smacked away a limb reaching for my head and spun to face the withered hag . 
 my arms shook with anger , but i kept my voice calm . 
 `` why are you doing this ? '' 
 i asked , watching her glare at me balefully . 
 `` you were never spiteful , oracle . 
 you helped us a great deal before , why turn on me now ? '' 
 `` you do not see , do you , child ? '' 
 the oracle 's voice was suddenly weary . 
 she waved a claw , and the trees retreated a bit . 
 `` i do not take pleasure in this . 
 i truly do not wish your death . 
 it is for the good of the nevernever , for all of us . 
 your human sentiments make you blind-you would sacrifice the courts to save one child . '' 
 `` my child . '' 
 `` exactly . '' 
 the oracle shivered , seemed to ripple in the air . 
 then , like she was being torn in half , her dusty , ragged body split , became two , six , twelve copies . 
 the duplicate oracles spread out , surrounding me , their wrinkled mouths speaking as one . 
 `` you make decisions as a human and a mother , not a true queen . 
 mab would not hesitate to give up her progeny , even her beloved third son , if she thought he put her throne in danger . '' 
 `` i am not like mab . 
 and i never will be . '' 
 `` no , '' the oracles agreed sadly , and raised their claws . 
 `` you will not be anything . '' 
 they came at me all at once , a dozen ragged , jerky puppets lunging at me from all sides . 
 i dodged one attack and lashed out with my sword at the next . 
 the blade sheared through the thin body and the duplicate wailed , exploding into a cloud of dust . 
 but there were so many of them , slashing and clawing at me ; i felt talons catch my skin , tearing through my clothes , leaving bright strips of fire in their wake . 
 i danced around and through them , dodging and parrying their blows like ash had taught me , striking back when i could . 
 but i knew i could n't keep this up forever . 
 the oracles drew back . 
 their numbers were smaller now , little swirls of dust dissolving in the wind , but i was hurt , too . 
 i could feel the gashes their claws had left behind , and took deep , slow breaths , trying to focus through the pain . 
 one of the oracles gestured , and the tree behind me bent entirely in half and tried crushing me beneath its trunk . 
 i dove away , feeling the impact rock the ground , and rolled to my feet , panting . 
 the trees were groaning and swaying at weird , unnatural angles , and the oracles shuffled forward again , trying to drive me back into the forest . 
 this is just a dream , i thought , trying to stay calm . 
 a dream world that the oracle controls , but a dream nonetheless . 
 i am not going to die here . 
 i am the iron queen , and if the nevernever responds to my wishes , then i can control this nightmare , too . 
 the oracles surrounded me , trapping me between them and the swaying trees at my back . 
 i took one step back and , for just a moment , closed my eyes and sent my will through the dreaming pool , just like i had in the iron realm . 
 `` know that i 'm with you always , even if you ca n't see me . '' 
 i heard the oracles ' piercing wail as they lunged to attack me again , and jerked my eyes open . 
 a flash of blue light erupted between me and two of the duplicates , shearing through them as easily as paper . 
 the rest of them jerked to a halt , as ash lowered his sword and turned to give me a brief smile . 
 `` you called , my queen ? '' 
 the oracles shrieked , skittering backward , arms flailing . 
 `` impossible ! '' 
 they howled as ash stalked forward , his face hard . 
 `` how ? 
 how did you bring him here ? '' 
 `` that 's a good question , '' came another voice , as puck stepped out from the trees behind me , daggers already in hand . 
 `` one minute i 'm trying to decide if that doll is looking at me funny , then next , poof , here we are . 
 and just in time , too . '' 
 he turned and smirked at the oracles , eyes gleaming . 
 `` that , '' he stated , waggling his knife at one of them , `` is my trick . '' 
 the oracles screeched and flew toward us again , claws slashing . 
 we met them in the center of the glade , the three of us , fighting side by side . 
 dust flew , swirling around us , as one by one , the duplicates vanished , cut down by my sword , stabbed with puck 's daggers or pierced through the heart with a shard of ice . 
 until , finally , only one was left . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 the last oracle , the real one , cried , throwing up her hands as ash stalked toward her . 
 `` iron queen , wait ! 
 spare me , i beg you ! 
 i have not told you everything . 
 i know one last secret . 
 knowledge of your son and your brother , something that could save them both ! '' 
 `` ash , wait , '' i called , and ash halted , keeping his sword at the oracle 's withered chest . 
 `` more secrets , oracle ? '' 
 i asked , walking up to her , keeping my blade drawn . 
 `` why did n't you tell me this before ? '' 
 `` because it is a small thing , '' the oracle whispered , her sightless gaze shifting from me to ash and back again . 
 puck joined us , arms crossed , a disbelieving smirk on his face . 
 `` the tiniest lynchpin , in a huge , complicated machine . 
 but , if it is removed , the entire structure could fall , sending our world into chaos . 
 it is the domino that begins the collapse of everything . '' 
 `` enough , '' i said , as puck rolled his eyes dramatically . 
 ash did n't move , still keeping his blade inches from the oracle 's heart , waiting for my orders . 
 `` speak , then , oracle . 
 how do i stop this ? 
 tell me , right now . '' 
 the oracle sighed . 
 `` to save your brother , you must - '' a deafening crack ripped the branches of the tree behind us , and a giant limb came smashing down , barely three feet from where we stood . 
 i flinched , taking my eyes off the oracle for the briefest of seconds - * * * - and the scene disappeared . 
 blinking , i gazed around , wondering what had happened , where we were . 
 ash and puck stood close by , also glancing around in confusion . 
 the oracle was nowhere to be seen . 
 `` what the hell ? '' 
 puck exclaimed , throwing up his hands . 
 `` what the heck just happened there ? 
 i 'm getting a little tired of being poofed about whenever it strikes someone 's fancy . '' 
 i saw an arched stone bridge standing a few yards away and drew in a short breath . 
 `` we 're back in the wyldwood , '' i said , stunned . 
 `` at the edge of the iron realm . 
 but ... how ? '' 
 i looked at ash and puck . 
 `` we were in the briars , the dreaming pool . 
 the oracle was just about to tell us how to save ethan . '' 
 ash let out a long sigh and sheathed his blade . 
 `` the wishing tree , '' he said , and i frowned in confusion . 
 `` there 's always a cost for using it , '' he went on . 
 `` something unexpected and unexplained that happens at the worst possible moment . 
 this was the price that it took . '' 
 `` mmm , not a bad price if you ask me , '' came grimalkin 's voice from the top of the bridge railing . 
 the cat perched on a post like he 'd been there all morning , licking a paw . 
 `` usually the cost is much more entertaining . 
 but then , i was the one who voiced the wish , after all . 
 there was very little room for error . '' 
 `` so that 's it ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` the oracle gets away , we do n't know where she is and i still do n't know anything about ethan or my son . 
 or how to save them . '' 
 i rubbed my temples , feeling a headache pound behind my eyes . 
 `` why did we come here ? '' 
 i whispered , feeling the dark unknown loom up before me . 
 `` it seems kind of pointless now . 
 i 'm going to be a paranoid wreck from now on . '' 
 `` that is the danger of too much knowledge , human , '' grimalkin said quietly . 
 `` knowing the future is far too great a burden for most of your kind . 
 however , once you do possess a bit of that knowledge , the question becomes , what do you do with it ? '' 
 `` nothing today , '' ash said , drawing me against him . 
 surprised , i glanced up , and he gave me a weary smile . 
 `` right now , i think we should go home . 
 we can deal with whatever this brings , tomorrow . '' 
 i nodded and sagged against him . 
 `` yeah , you 're right . 
 glitch is probably having a minor breakdown about now . 
 we should head back . '' 
 i pulled away and looked at puck , watching us with a small smirk and his hands behind his head . 
 `` what about you , puck ? 
 i 've missed you . 
 are you going to be sticking around ? '' 
 `` well , i was thinking of heading up to the alps and tracking down this yeti tribe that 's been seen around the area . '' 
 puck grinned and shrugged , putting his hands in his pockets . 
 `` but , with all the excitement cropping up , i think i might hang around . 
 for a little while , anyway . '' 
 he sniffed and made a face . 
 `` wonder if titania has cooled down any ? 
 i 'll have to visit arcadia and see what 's been going on in my absence . 
 i 'm sure they 'll be thrilled to have me back . '' 
 smiling , i walked up to him , and he opened his arms . 
 `` do n't be a stranger , puck , '' i whispered in his ear , pulling him into a hug . 
 `` it 's not the same without you . '' 
 `` oh , i know , '' he replied cheerfully . 
 `` i do n't see how anyone survives without me , it must be terribly dull . '' 
 he pulled back and kissed my cheek . 
 `` i 'll be around , princess . 
 if you ever need me , just send a note . 
 or a gremlin . 
 or whatever . '' 
 stepping back , he raised a hand to ash , who nodded solemnly . 
 `` catch ya later , ice-boy . 
 maybe next time i see you , you 'll be changing diapers and reading bedtime stories . '' 
 he snickered and shook his head . 
 `` ah , who would 've thought you 'd be the one tied down with a family , prince ? 
 how the mighty have fallen . '' 
 i smacked his arm , but ash only shook his head . 
 `` i would n't want to be anywhere else , '' he said calmly . 
 `` maybe you should try it , goodfellow . '' 
 puck laughed and backed away . 
 `` me ? 
 robin goodfellow , a family man ? 
 ha , not likely , ice-boy . 
 i mean , think of what that would do to my reputation . '' 
 glamour shimmered around him , and he gave us a wink . 
 `` later , lovebirds . 
 gim me a heads-up when the kid arrives . 
 ` uncle puck ' will be waiting . '' 
 with a cascade of glamour and black feathers , puck transformed into a huge raven . 
 beating powerful wings , he rose above us with a mocking caw , swooped into the branches of the wyldwood and was lost from view . 
 i did n't have to turn around to know grimalkin had vanished , as well . 
 the railing was empty , both grim and puck were gone , but i was n't sad . 
 we would see them again , both of them . 
 we had forever to catch up . 
 ash held out a hand , and i stepped into him with a sigh , feeling his arms wrap around me . 
 i closed my eyes , and he kissed the top of my head . 
 `` let 's go home , '' he whispered . 
 epilogue i stood on the balcony of my room , letting the cool night breeze toss my hair , gazing down at mag tuiredh , far below . 
 beau sat beside me , tall german shepherd ears pricked to the wind , wary and alert . 
 it was near midnight , and most of mag tuiredh was still . 
 peaceful . 
 i wished i could find some of that tranquility . 
 soft footsteps came onto the balcony , and a moment later ash slipped his arms around me from behind . 
 i reached back and buried a hand in his silky hair , and he nuzzled my neck , making me sigh . 
 beau gave me a sideways glance , huffed and padded back to the room , leaving us alone on the balcony . 
 `` what are you thinking about ? '' 
 my knight murmured against my skin . 
 `` oh , you know . '' 
 i tilted my head as his lips trailed down my shoulder . 
 `` oracles and prophecies and futures and such . 
 ash , can i ask you something ? '' 
 `` anything . '' 
 i turned to face him , taking his hands , and he waited patiently as i struggled with the question , wondering if i should really bring this up . 
 but he did say i could ask him , and i did n't want us to hide anything from each other . 
 `` i. . . 
 i know we have n't talked much about your quest at the end of the world , '' i began . 
 `` but ... did you ... see anything , when you lived that future life with me ? 
 did you see anything about our son ... destroying the courts ? '' 
 `` ah . '' 
 ash leaned back against the railing , drawing me with him . 
 `` i was wondering when that would come up . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , ash , '' i said quickly . 
 `` if you do n't want to talk about it , i understand . 
 i just thought ... you 've been so calm through all of this . 
 i wondered ... if you had seen anything ... '' `` no . '' 
 ash tightened his grip , stopping me from leaving . 
 he met my gaze and smiled . 
 `` i did n't see anything of the oracle 's prophecy , meghan . 
 if i did , if anything like that had happened to us , even in that dream , i would have told you . 
 i swear . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 i was relieved , though a tiny bit disappointed , as well . 
 if ash had seen that future , we might know what was coming , what to expect . 
 we might be able to prevent it . 
 ash ran his hands up my arms , his gaze thoughtful . 
 `` it 's strange , '' he mused , looking past me at the distant lights of mag tuiredh . 
 `` i can barely remember anything of that life anymore . 
 i remember you , and our son , and ruling mag tuiredh , but ... it 's fading . 
 i lose more of it every day . '' 
 he gave his head a tiny shake , looking back at me . 
 `` i think that 's how it 's supposed to be . 
 that life , it was n't real . 
 this ... '' he framed my cheek , his silver eyes intense as they met mine . 
 `` this is real . 
 this is what 's important to me now . 
 i 'm not worried about the future , whatever it brings . 
 i have all i need , right here . '' 
 `` i wish i had your confidence . '' 
 i sighed . 
 ash pulled me closer , his eyes gentle as they gazed into mine . 
 `` meghan , i 'm going to tell you something someone once told me , when i was afraid of what was to come . '' 
 he lowered his head , soft strands of his hair brushing my skin . 
 `` nothing is certain , '' he murmured . 
 `` the future is constantly changing , and no one can predict what happens next . 
 we have the power to change our destiny , because fate is not set in stone , and we are always free to make a choice . '' 
 his fingers came up to brush my hair back , tucking it behind one ear . 
 `` a very powerful seer told me that , once . 
 and she was right . 
 that 's why i 'm not afraid of the oracle 's prophecy , or the future . 
 we are only slaves to fate if we let it control us . 
 there is always a choice . '' 
 i sniffed . 
 `` i wish you had told me that earlier , '' i mock grumbled at him . 
 `` it would 've saved me a lot of freaking out . '' 
 ash chuckled , low and deep . 
 `` i did n't know it would shake you so badly . 
 the meghan i know does n't let small things like oracles and prophecies of doom stand in her way . '' 
 i pinched his ribs , and he grunted a laugh . 
 `` i do know one thing , '' he continued . 
 `` whatever this child will be , whatever it grows into , it will be loved . 
 no prophecy , oracle , warning or premonition will ever change that . '' 
 he was right , and in that moment , i did n't think it was possible to love him more than i did right then . 
 leaning into him , i closed my eyes , and he gathered me close . 
 tilting my chin up , he kissed me gently , and i wrapped my arms around his waist . 
 no matter what happened , if he was beside me , if we stood beside each other , we could face whatever the world threw at us . 
 `` ash , '' i whispered , my heart soaring with happiness , with relief and love , as i pulled back to face him . 
 `` can you believe it ? 
 you 're going to be a father . '' 
 his hand slipped down to my belly , palm gently pressing against my stomach , as his eyes shone with wonder and awe . 
 he was going to be a father . 
 we were going to be a family . 
 `` so , '' i ventured , smiling at him through my tears . 
 `` i guess the only question left is , what are we going to name him ? '' 
 ash raised his head , meeting my gaze , and smiled back . 
 `` i 've always liked the name keirran . '' 
