 chapter one the winter court the iron king stood before me , magnificent in his beauty , silver hair whipping about like an unruly waterfall . 
 his long black coat billowed behind him , accenting the pale , angular face and translucent skin , the blue-green veins glowing beneath the surface . 
 lightning flickered in the depths of his jet-black eyes , and the steel tentacles running the length of his spine and shoulders coiled around him like a cloak of wings , glinting in the light . 
 like an avenging angel , he floated toward me , hand outstretched , a sad , tender smile on his lips . 
 i stepped forward to meet him as the iron cables wrapped gently around me , drawing me close . 
 `` meghan chase , '' machina murmured , running a hand through my hair . 
 i shivered , keeping my hands at my sides as the tentacles caressed my skin . 
 `` you have come . 
 what is it you want ? '' 
 i frowned . 
 what did i want ? 
 what had i come for ? 
 `` my brother , '' i answered , remembering . 
 `` you kidnapped my brother , ethan , to draw me here . 
 i want him back . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 machina shook his head , moving closer . 
 `` you did not come for your brother , meghan chase . 
 nor did you come for the unseelie prince you claim to love . 
 you came here for one thing only . 
 power . '' 
 my head throbbed and i tried backing away , but the cables held me fast . 
 `` no , '' i muttered , struggling against the iron net . 
 `` this ... this is wrong . 
 this is n't how it went . '' 
 `` show me , then . '' 
 machina opened his arms wide . 
 `` how was it ` supposed ' to go ? 
 what did you come here to do ? 
 show me , meghan chase . '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 `` show me ! '' 
 something throbbed in my hand : the beating pulse of the witchwood arrow . 
 with a yell , i raised my arm and drove the sharpened point through machina 's chest , sinking the arrow into his heart . 
 machina staggered back , giving me a look of shocked horror . 
 only it was n't machina anymore but a faery prince with midnight hair and bright silver eyes . 
 lean and dangerous , silhouetted all in black , his hand went to the sword at his belt before he realized it was too late . 
 he swayed , fighting to stay on his feet , and i bit down a scream . 
 `` meghan , '' ash whispered , a thin line of red trickling from his mouth . 
 his hands clutched at the arrow in his chest as he fell to his knees , pale gaze beseeching mine . 
 `` why ? '' 
 shaking , i raised my hands and saw they were covered in glistening crimson , running rivulets down my arms , dripping to the ground . 
 below the slick coating , things wiggled beneath my skin , pushing up through the surface , like leeches in blood . 
 somewhere in the back of my mind , i knew i should be terrified , appalled , majorly grossed out . 
 i was n't . 
 i felt powerful , powerful and strong , as if electricity surged beneath my skin , as if i could do anything i wanted and no one could stop me . 
 i looked down at the unseelie prince and sneered at the pathetic figure . 
 could i really have loved such a weakling once upon a time ? 
 `` meghan . '' 
 ash knelt there , the life fading from him bit by bit , even as he struggled to hold on . 
 for a brief moment , i admired his stubborn tenacity , but it would n't save him in the end . 
 `` what about your brother ? '' 
 he pleaded . 
 `` and your family ? 
 they 're waiting for you to come home . '' 
 iron cables unfurled from my back and shoulders , spreading around me like glittering wings . 
 gazing down at the unseelie prince , helpless before me , i gave him a patient smile . 
 `` i am home . '' 
 the cables slashed down in a silver blur , slamming into the faery 's chest and staking him to the ground . 
 ash jerked , his mouth gaping silently , before his head lolled back and he shattered like crystal on concrete . 
 surrounded by the glittering remains of the unseelie prince , i threw back my head and laughed , and it turned into a ragged scream as i wrenched myself awake . 
 my name is meghan chase . 
 i 've been in the palace of the winter fey for a while now . 
 how long exactly ? 
 i do n't know . 
 time does n't flow right in this place . 
 while i 've been stuck in the nevernever , the outside world , the mortal world , has gone on without me . 
 if i ever get out of here , if i ever make it home , i might find a hundred years have passed while i was gone , like rip van winkle , and all my family and friends are long dead . 
 i try not to think of that too often , but sometimes , i ca n't help but wonder . 
 my room was cold . 
 it was always cold . 
 i was always cold . 
 not even the sapphire flames in the hearth were enough to drive out the incessant chill . 
 the walls and ceiling were made of opaque , smoky ice ; even the chandelier sparkled with a thousand icicles . 
 tonight , i wore sweatpants , gloves , a thick sweater and a wool hat , but it was n't enough . 
 outside my window , the underground city of the winter fey sparkled with icy radiance . 
 dark forms leaped and fluttered in the shadows , flashing claws , teeth and wings . 
 i shivered and gazed up at the sky . 
 the ceiling of the vast cavern was too far away to see through the darkness , but thousands of tiny lights , balls of faery fire or faeries themselves , twinkled like a blanket of stars . 
 there was a rap at my door . 
 i did n't call out come in . 
 i 'd learned not to do so in the past . 
 this was the unseelie court , and inviting them into your room was a very , very bad idea . 
 i could n't keep them out completely , but the fey follow rules above all else , and by order of their queen , i was not to be bothered unless i requested it . 
 letting them into my room could almost sound like such a request . 
 i crossed the floor , my breath streaming around me , and cracked open the door . 
 a slinky black cat sat on the floor with its tail curled around itself , gazing up at me with unblinking yellow eyes . 
 before i could say anything , it hissed and darted through the crack like a streak of shadow . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 i spun around , but the cat was no longer a cat . 
 tiaothin the phouka stood there , grinning at me , canines glinting . 
 of course . 
 it would be the phouka ; they did n't follow social rules . 
 in fact , they seemed to take great pleasure in breaking them . 
 furred ears peeked out of her dreadlocked hair , twitching sporadically . 
 she wore a gaudy jacket that sparkled with fake gems and studs , ripped jeans and combat boots . 
 unlike the seelie court , the unseelie fey actually preferred `` mortal '' clothing . 
 whether it was in direct defiance of the seelie court , or because they wanted to blend in more with humans , i was n't sure . 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 i asked cautiously . 
 tiaothin had taken a keen interest in me when i was brought to court , the insatiable curiosity of a phouka , i suppose . 
 we 'd talked a few times , but she was n't exactly what i 'd call a friend . 
 the way she stared at me , unblinking , like she was sizing me up for her next meal , always made me nervous . 
 the phouka hissed , running her tongue along her teeth . 
 `` you 're not ready , '' she said in her sibilant voice , looking me over skeptically . 
 `` hurry . 
 hurry and change . 
 we should go , quickly . '' 
 i frowned . 
 tiaothin had always been difficult to understand , bouncing from one subject to the next so quickly it was hard to keep up . 
 `` go where ? '' 
 i asked , and she giggled . 
 `` the queen , '' tiaothin purred , flicking her ears back and forth . 
 `` the queen has called for you . '' 
 my stomach twisted into a tight ball . 
 ever since i 'd come to the winter court with ash , i 'd been dreading this moment . 
 when we 'd first arrived at the palace , the queen regarded me with a predatory smile and dismissed me , saying that she wished to speak to her son alone and would call for me soon . 
 of course , `` soon '' was a relative term in faery , and i 'd been on pins and needles ever since , waiting for mab to remember me . 
 that was also the last time i saw ash . 
 thinking of ash sent a flutter through my stomach , reminding me how much had changed . 
 when i first came to faery , searching for my kidnapped brother , ash had been the enemy , the cold , dangerous son of mab , queen of the unseelie court . 
 when war threatened the courts , mab sent ash to capture me , hoping to use me as leverage against my father , king oberon . 
 but , frantic to save my brother , i made a bargain with the winter prince , instead : if he helped me rescue ethan , i would return with him to the unseelie court without a fight . 
 at that point , it was a desperate gamble ; i needed all the help i could get to face down the iron king and save my brother . 
 but , somewhere in that blasted wasteland of dust and iron , watching ash battle the realm that was poisoning his very essence , i realized i was in love with him . 
 ash had gotten me there , but he almost did n't survive his brush with machina . 
 the king of the iron fey was insanely strong , almost invincible . 
 against all odds , i managed to defeat machina , rescue my brother , and take him home . 
 that night as per our contract , ash came for me . 
 it was time to honor my end of the bargain . 
 leaving my family behind once more , i followed ash into tir na nog , the land of winter . 
 the journey through tir na nog was cold , dark , and terrifying . 
 even with the winter prince at my side , faery was still savage and inhospitable , especially to humans . 
 ash was the perfect bodyguard , dangerous , alert and protective , but he seemed distant at times , distracted . 
 and the farther we went into winter , the more he drew away , sealing himself off from me and the world . 
 and he would n't tell me why . 
 on the last night of our journey we were attacked . 
 a monstrous wolf , sent by oberon himself , tracked us down , intent on killing ash and spiriting me back to the summer court . 
 we managed to escape , but ash was wounded fighting the creature , so we took refuge in an abandoned ice cave to rest and bind his wounds . 
 he was silent as i wrapped a makeshift bandage around his arm , but i could feel his eyes on me as i tied it off . 
 releasing his arm , i looked up to meet his silvery gaze . 
 ash blinked slowly , giving me that look that meant he was trying to figure me out . 
 i waited , hoping i would finally glean some insight into his sudden aloofness . 
 `` why did n't you run ? '' 
 he asked softly . 
 `` if that thing had killed me , you would n't have to come back to tir na nog . 
 you would 've been free . '' 
 i scowled at him . 
 `` i agreed to that contract , same as you , '' i muttered , tying off the bandage with a jerk , but ash did n't even grunt . 
 angry now , i glared up at him , meeting his eyes . 
 `` what , you think just because i 'm human i was going to back out ? 
 i knew what i was getting into , and i am going to uphold my end of the bargain , no matter what happens . 
 and if you think i 'd leave you just so i would n't have to meet mab , then you do n't know me at all . '' 
 `` it 's because you 're human , '' ash continued in that same quiet voice , holding my gaze , `` that you missed a tactical opportunity . 
 a winter fey in your position would n't have come back . 
 they would n't let their emotions get in the way . 
 if you 're going to survive in the unseelie court , you have to start thinking like them . '' 
 `` well , i 'm not like them . '' 
 i rose and took a step back , trying to ignore the feeling of hurt and betrayal , the stupid angry tears pressing at the corners of my eyes . 
 `` i 'm not a winter faery . 
 i 'm human , with human feelings and emotions . 
 and if you want me to apologize for that , you can forget it . 
 i ca n't just shut off my feelings like you can . '' 
 i whirled to stalk away in a huff , but ash rose with blinding speed and gripped my upper arms . 
 i stiffened , locking my knees and keeping my back straight , but struggling with him would have been useless . 
 even wounded and bleeding , he was much stronger than me . 
 `` i 'm not ungrateful , '' he murmured against my ear , making my stomach flutter despite itself . 
 `` i just want you to understand . 
 the winter court preys on the weak . 
 it 's their nature . 
 they will try to tear you apart , physically and emotionally , and i wo n't always be there to protect you . '' 
 i shivered , anger melting away , as my own doubts and fears came rushing back . 
 ash sighed , and i felt his forehead touch the back of my hair , his breath fanning my neck . 
 `` i do n't want to do this , '' he admitted in a low , anguished voice . 
 `` i do n't want to see what they 'll try to do to you . 
 a summer fey in the winter court does n't stand much of a chance . 
 but i vowed that i would bring you back , and i 'm bound to that promise . '' 
 he raised his head , squeezing my shoulders in an almost painful grip as his voice dropped a few octaves , turning grim and cold . 
 `` so you have to be stronger than they are . 
 you ca n't let down your guard , no matter what . 
 they will lead you on , with games and pretty words , and they will take pleasure in your misery . 
 do n't let them get to you . 
 and do n't trust anyone . '' 
 he paused , and his voice went even lower . 
 `` not even me . '' 
 `` i 'll always trust you , '' i whispered without thinking , and his hands tightened , turning me almost savagely to face him . 
 `` no , '' he said , narrowing his eyes . 
 `` you wo n't . 
 i 'm your enemy , meghan . 
 never forget that . 
 if mab tells me to kill you in front of the entire court , it 's my duty to obey . 
 if she orders rowan or sage to carve you up slowly , making sure you suffer every second of it , i 'm expected to stand there and let them do it . 
 do you understand ? 
 my feelings for you do n't matter in the winter court . 
 summer and winter will always be on opposite sides , and nothing will change that . '' 
 i knew i should be afraid of him . 
 he was an unseelie prince , after all , and had in no uncertain terms admitted he would kill me if mab ordered him to . 
 but he also admitted to having feelings for me , feelings that did n't matter , but it still made my stomach squirm when i heard it . 
 and maybe i was being naive , but i could n't believe ash would willingly hurt me , even in the winter court . 
 not with the way he was looking at me now , his silver eyes conflicted and angry . 
 he stared at me a moment longer , then sighed . 
 `` you did n't hear a word i said , did you ? '' 
 he murmured , closing his eyes . 
 `` i 'm not afraid , '' i told him , which was a lie : i was terrified of mab and the unseelie court that waited at the end of this journey . 
 but if ash was there , i would be all right . 
 `` you are infuriatingly stubborn , '' ash muttered , raking a hand through his hair . 
 `` i do n't know how i 'm going to protect you when you have no concept of self-preservation . '' 
 i stepped close to him , placing a hand on his chest , feeling his heart beat under his shirt . 
 `` i trust you , '' i said , rising so our faces were inches apart , trailing my fingers down his stomach . 
 `` i know you 'll find a way . '' 
 his breath hitched , and he regarded me hungrily . 
 `` you 're playing with fire , you know that ? '' 
 `` that 's weird , considering you 're an ice prin - '' i did n't get any further , as ash leaned in and kissed me . 
 i looped my arms around his neck as his snaked around my waist , and for a few moments the cold could n't touch me . 
 the next morning , he was back to being distant and aloof , barely speaking to me no matter how much i prodded . 
 that night , we reached the underground palace of the winter court , and mab dismissed me almost immediately . 
 a servant showed me to my quarters , and i sat in the small , chilly room waiting for ash to find me again . 
 he never returned from his meeting with the queen , and after several hours of waiting , i finally ventured into the halls of the winter court , looking for him . 
 that 's when i found tiaothin , or rather , she found me in the library , playing keep-away with a hulking jack-in-irons as he stalked me between the aisles . 
 after getting rid of the giant , she informed me that prince ash was no longer in the palace , and no one had any idea when he would be back . 
 `` but that 's just ash , '' she 'd said , grinning at me from atop a bookcase . 
 `` he 's hardly ever at court . 
 you catch a glimpse of him and poof ! 
 he 's gone for another few months . '' 
 why would ash just leave like that ? 
 i wondered for about the billionth time . 
 he could 've at least told me where he was going , and when he 'd be back . 
 he did n't have to leave me hanging . 
 unless he was deliberately avoiding me . 
 unless everything he 'd said , the kiss we 'd shared , the emotions in his eyes and voice , meant nothing to him . 
 maybe everything he 'd done was only to bring me to the winter court . 
 `` you 're going to be late , '' tiaothin purred , jerking me back to the present , watching me with glowing cat eyes . 
 `` mab does n't like to be kept waiting . '' 
 `` right , '' i said faintly , shaken out of my dark mood . 
 oops , that 's right . 
 i 've got an audience with the faery queen of winter . 
 `` just give me a minute to change . '' 
 i waited , but when tiaothin did n't move , i scowled at her . 
 `` uh , a little privacy , please ? '' 
 tiaothin giggled , and in one shivery motion , became a shaggy black goat , who bounced out of the room on all fours . 
 i shut the door and leaned against it , feeling my heart thud in my chest . 
 mab wanted to see me . 
 the queen of the unseelie court was finally calling on me . 
 i shivered and pushed away from the door , walking to my dresser and the icy mirror on top . 
 my reflection stared back at me , slightly distorted by the cracks in the ice . 
 sometimes , i still did n't recognize myself . 
 my straight blond hair was almost silver in the darkness of the room , and my eyes seemed far too big for my face . 
 and there were other things , a thousand little details i could n't put my finger on , that told me i was n't human , that i was something to be feared . 
 and of course , there was the most obvious difference . 
 pointed ears knifed up from the sides of my head , a screaming reminder of how unnormal i was . 
 i broke eye contact with my reflection and looked down at my clothes . 
 they were warm and comfortable , but i was pretty sure meeting the queen of the unseelie court dressed in sweatpants and a baggy sweater was a bad idea . 
 great . 
 i 'm supposed to meet the queen of the winter fey in five minutes . 
 what do i wear ? 
 closing my eyes , i tried collecting the glamour around me and shaping it over my clothes . 
 nothing . 
 the massive rush of power i 'd drawn on while battling the iron king seemed to have faded , so much that i could n't craft even the simplest illusion anymore . 
 and not for lack of trying . 
 recalling my lessons with grimalkin , a faery cat i 'd met on my first trip to the nevernever , i 'd tried to become invisible , make shoes levitate and create faery fire . 
 all failures . 
 i could n't even feel the glamour anymore , though i knew it was all around me . 
 glamour is fueled by emotion , and the wilder and more passionate the emotion-rage , lust , love-the easier it is to draw on . 
 yet i could n't access it like i used to . 
 it seemed i was back to being plain , nonmagical meghan chase . 
 with pointy ears . 
 it was strange ; for years , i had n't even known i was half-fey . 
 it was just a few months ago , on my sixteenth birthday , that my best friend robbie had revealed himself to be robin goodfellow , the infamous puck from a midsummer night 's dream . 
 my kid brother , ethan , had been kidnapped by faeries and i needed to rescue him . 
 oh , and by the way , i was the half-human daughter of king oberon , lord of the summer fey . 
 it took some getting used to , both the knowledge that i was half-faery and that i could use the magic of the fey-faery glamour-to work my own spells . 
 not that i was very good at it-i sucked , much to grimalkin 's irritation-but that was n't the point . 
 i had n't even believed in faeries back then , but now that my magic was gone , it felt like pieces of me were missing . 
 with a sigh , i opened the dresser and pulled out jeans , a white shirt and a long black coat , shrugging into them as quickly as i could to avoid freezing to death . 
 for a moment , i wondered if i should dress in something fancy , like an evening gown . 
 after a moment i decided against it . 
 the unseelie spurned formal attire . 
 i 'd have a better chance of survival if i tried fitting in . 
 when i opened the door , tiaothin , no longer a goat or cat , stared at me and broke into a toothy leer . 
 `` this way , '' she hissed , backing into the icy corridor . 
 her yellow eyes seemed to float in the darkness . 
 `` the queen awaits . '' 
 i followed tiaothin down the dark , twisted hallways , trying to keep my gaze straight ahead . 
 out of the corners of my eyes , however , i still caught glimpses of the nightmares lurking in the halls the unseelie court . 
 a spindly bogey crouched behind a door like a giant spider , the pale , emaciated face staring at me through the crack . 
 an enormous black hound with glowing eyes trailed us down the hallways , making no noise at all , until tiaothin hissed at it and it slunk away . 
 two goblins and a shark-toothed redcap huddled in a corner , rolling dice made of teeth and tiny bones . 
 as i passed , an argument broke out , the goblins pointing to the redcap and crying `` cheat , cheat ! '' 
 in high-pitched voices . 
 i did n't look back , but a shriek rang out behind me , followed by the wet sound of snapping bones . 
 i shuddered and followed tiaothin around a corner . 
 the corridor ended , opening into a massive room with icicles dangling from the ceiling like glittering chandeliers . 
 will-o ' - the-wisps and globes of faery fire drifted between them , sending shards of fractured light over the walls and floor . 
 the floor was shrouded in ice and mist , and my breath steamed in the air as we entered . 
 icy columns held up the ceiling , sparkling like translucent crystal and adding to the dazzling , confusing array of light and colors swirling around the room . 
 dark , wild music echoed throughout the chamber , played by a group of humans on a corner stage . 
 the musicians ' eyes were glazed over as they sawed and beat at their instruments , their bodies frighteningly thin . 
 their hair hung long and lank , as if they had n't cut it for years . 
 yet , they did n't seem to be distressed or unhappy , playing their instruments with zombielike fervor , seemingly blind to their inhuman audience . 
 dozens of unseelie fey milled about the chamber , each one a creature straight out of a nightmare . 
 ogres and redcaps , goblins and spriggans , kobolds , phoukas , hobs and faeries i did n't have a name for , all wandering to and fro in the shifting darkness . 
 i quickly scanned the room , searching for tousled black hair and bright silver eyes . 
 my heart fell . 
 he was n't here . 
 on the far side of the room , a throne of ice hovered in the air , glowing with frigid brilliance . 
 sitting on that throne , poised with the power of a massive glacier , was mab , queen of the unseelie court . 
 the winter queen was stunning , plain and simple . 
 when i was in oberon 's court i 'd seen her beside her rival , titania , the summer queen , who was also beautiful but in an evil socialite type of way . 
 titania also held a grudge against me for being oberon 's daughter , and had tried to turn me into a deer once , so she was n't my favorite person . 
 though they were complete opposites , the two queens were insanely powerful . 
 titania was a summer storm , beautiful and deadly and prone to frying something with lightning if it pissed her off . 
 mab was the coldest day in winter , where everything lies still and dead , held in fear of the unforgiving ice that killed the world before and could again . 
 the queen lounged in her chair , surrounded by several fey gentry-the sidhe-dressed in expensive , modern-day clothes , crisp white business suits and pin-striped armani . 
 when i saw her last , in oberon 's court , mab had worn a flowing black dress that writhed like living shadows . 
 today , she was dressed in white : a white pantsuit , opal-tinted nails and ivory heels , her dark hair styled elegantly atop her head . 
 depthless black eyes , like a night without stars , looked up and spotted me , and her pale mulberry lips curved in a slow smile . 
 a chill slithered up my back . 
 fey care little for mortals . 
 humans are merely playthings to be used up and discarded . 
 both the seelie and unseelie courts are subject to this . 
 even if i was half-fey and oberon 's daughter , i was all alone in the court of my father 's ancient enemies . 
 if i irritated mab , there was no telling what the queen would do . 
 maybe turn me into a white rabbit and sic the goblins on me , though that seemed more titania 's style . 
 i had a feeling mab could come up with something infinitely more awful and twisted , and that made me very afraid . 
 tiaothin ambled through the crowds of unseelie fey , who paid her little attention . 
 most of their interest was directed at me as i followed , my heart thudding against my ribs . 
 i felt the hungry stares , the eager grins and the eyes on the back of my neck , and concentrated on keeping my head up and my step confident . 
 nothing attracts faeries more than fear . 
 a sidhe noble with a face that was all sharp angles caught my gaze and smiled , and my heart contracted painfully . 
 he reminded me of ash , who was n't here , who had left me alone in this court of monsters . 
 the winter queen 's chill grew more pronounced the closer we got ; soon it was so cold it hurt to breathe . 
 tiaothin reached the foot of the throne and bowed . 
 i did the same , though it was hard to do so without my teeth chattering . 
 the unseelie fey crowded behind us , their breath and murmuring voices making my skin crawl . 
 `` meghan chase . '' 
 the queen 's voice rasped over the assembly , making my hair stand on end . 
 tiaothin slunk away and disappeared into the crowd , leaving me truly alone . 
 `` how good of you to join us . '' 
 `` it 's an honor to be here , my lady , '' i replied , using every ounce of my willpower to keep my voice from shaking . 
 a tremor slipped out anyway , and not just from the cold . 
 mab smiled , amused , and leaned back , observing me with emotionless black eyes . 
 silence fell for a few heartbeats . 
 `` so . '' 
 the queen tapped her nails with a rhythmic clicking sound , making me jump . 
 `` here we are . 
 you must think you are very clever , daughter of oberon . '' 
 `` i-i 'm sorry ? '' 
 i stammered , as an icy fist gripped my heart . 
 this was n't starting well , not at all . 
 `` you 're not , '' mab continued , giving me a patient smile . 
 `` but you will be . 
 make no mistake about that . '' 
 she leaned forward , looking utterly inhuman , and i fought the urge to run screaming from the throne room . 
 `` i have heard of your exploits , meghan chase , '' the queen rasped , narrowing her eyes . 
 `` did you not think i would find out ? 
 you tricked a prince of the unseelie court into following you into the iron realm . 
 you made him fight your enemies for you . 
 you bound him to a contract that nearly killed him . 
 my precious boy , almost lost to me forever , because of you . 
 how do you think that makes me feel ? '' 
 mab 's smile grew more predatory , as my stomach twisted in fear . 
 what could she do to me ? 
 encase me in ice ? 
 freeze me from the inside out ? 
 chill my blood so i would never be warm again , no matter what i wore or how hot it became ? 
 i shivered , but then noticed a faint shimmer , like heat waves , around me , and suddenly realized mab was tinting the air with glamour , manipulating my emotions and letting me imagine the worst fate possible . 
 she did n't have to threaten or say anything ; i was terrifying myself quite well . 
 in a lucid moment of distraction , i wondered if ash had done the same to my emotions , manipulating me into falling for him . 
 if mab could do it , i 'm sure her sons had the same talent . 
 were my feelings for ash real , or some sort of fabricated glamour ? 
 now 's not the time to wonder about that , meghan ! 
 mab stared at me , gauging my reaction . 
 i still shook in fear , but a part of me knew what the queen was doing . 
 if i lost it and begged for mercy , i would find myself trapped in a faery contract before i knew what was happening . 
 promises are deadly serious among the fey , and i was n't going to let mab strong-arm me into pledging something i would instantly regret . 
 i took a furtive breath to collect my thoughts , so that when i did answer the queen of the winter fey , i would n't start bawling like a two-year-old . 
 `` forgive me , queen mab , '' i said , choosing my words carefully . 
 `` i meant no harm to you or yours . 
 i needed ash 's help to rescue my brother from the iron king . '' 
 at the mention of the iron king , the unseelie fey behind me stirred and growled , glancing around warily . 
 i felt hackles rise , teeth bare and claws unsheathe . 
 for normal faeries , iron was deadly poison , draining their magic and burning their flesh . 
 an entire kingdom made of iron was horrible and terrifying to them ; a faery ruler called the iron king was blasphemous . 
 for a moment , i had the satisfying thought that the iron fey had become the bogeys and bogeymen of the faery world , and bit down a vindictive smile . 
 `` i would name you a liar , girl , '' mab said calmly , as the growls and mutterings behind me died down , `` if i had not heard the same from my son 's own lips . 
 rest assured , the iron king 's minions are no threat to us . 
 even now , ash and his brothers are scouring our territory for these iron fey . 
 if the abominations are within our borders , we will hunt them down and destroy them . '' 
 i felt a rush of relief , but not because of mab 's claim . 
 ash was out there . 
 he had a reason not to be at court . 
 `` and yet ... '' mab regarded me with a look that made my stomach squirm . 
 `` i can not help but wonder how you managed to survive . 
 perhaps summer is in league with the iron fey , plotting with them against the winter court . 
 that would be terribly amusing , would n't it , meghan chase ? '' 
 `` no , '' i said softly . 
 in my mind 's eye , i saw the iron king , reeling back as i drove the arrow through his chest , and clenched my fists to stop them from shaking . 
 i could still see machina writhing in pain , felt something cold and serpentine slithering under my skin . 
 `` the iron king was going to destroy summer as well as winter . 
 he 's dead , now . 
 i killed him . '' 
 mab narrowed her eyes to black slits . 
 `` and you would have me believe that you , a half-human with virtually no power , managed to kill the iron king ? '' 
 `` believe her , '' a new voice rang out , making my stomach twist and my heart jump to my throat . 
 `` i was there . 
 i saw what happened . '' 
 voices rose around me as the ranks of unseelie fey parted like waves . 
 i could n't move . 
 i was rooted to the spot , my heart pounding in my chest as the lean , dangerous form of prince ash strode into the chamber . 
 i shivered , and my stomach began turning nervous backflips . 
 ash looked much as he always did , darkly beautiful in black and gray , his pale skin a sharp contrast to his hair and clothes . 
 his sword hung at his side , the sheath a luminous blue-black , giving off a frozen aura . 
 i was so relieved to see him . 
 i stepped toward him , smiling , only to be stopped dead by his cold glare . 
 confused , i stumbled to a halt . 
 maybe he did n't recognize me . 
 i met his gaze , waiting for his expression to thaw , for him to give me the tiny smile i adored so much . 
 it did n't happen . 
 his frosty eyes swept over me in a brief , dismissive glance , before he stepped around me and continued toward the queen . 
 i felt a stab of shock and hurt ; maybe he was playing it cool in front of the queen , but he could 've at least said hi . 
 i made the mental note to scold him later when we were alone . 
 `` prince ash , '' mab purred , as ash went down on one knee before the throne . 
 `` you have returned . 
 are your brothers with you ? '' 
 ash raised his head , but before he could answer , another voice interrupted him . 
 `` our youngest brother practically fled our presence in his haste to get to you , queen mab , '' said a high , clear voice behind me . 
 `` if i did n't know better , i would think he did n't want to speak to you in front of us . '' 
 ash rose , his face carefully blank , as two more figures strode into the chamber , scattering fey like birds . 
 like ash , they wore long , thin blades at their hips , and carried themselves with the easy grace of royalty . 
 the first , the one who had spoken , resembled ash in build and height : lean , graceful and dangerous . 
 he had a thin , pointed face , and black hair that bristled like spines atop his head . 
 a white trench coat billowed out behind him , and a gold stud sparkled in one pointed ear . 
 his gaze met mine as he swept past , ice-blue eyes glittering like chips of diamond , and his lips curled in a lazy smirk . 
 the second brother was taller than his siblings , more willowy than lean , his long raven hair tied back in a ponytail that reached his waist . 
 a great gray wolf trailed behind him , amber eyes slitted and wary . 
 `` rowan , '' mab smiled at the first prince as the two bowed to her as ash had done . 
 `` sage . 
 all my boys , home at last . 
 what news do you bring me ? 
 have you found these iron fey within our borders ? 
 have you brought me their poisonous little hearts ? '' 
 `` my queen . '' 
 it was the tallest of the three that spoke , the oldest brother , sage . 
 `` we have searched tir na nog from border to border , from the ice plains to the frozen bog to the broken glass sea . 
 we have found nothing of the iron fey our brother has spoken of . '' 
 `` makes you wonder if our dear brother ash exaggerated a bit , '' rowan spoke up , his voice matching the smirk on his face . 
 `` seeing as these ` legions of iron fey ' seem to have vanished into thin air . '' 
 ash glared at rowan and looked bored , but i felt the blood rush to my face . 
 `` he 's telling the truth , '' i blurted out , and felt every eye in the court turn on me . 
 `` the iron fey are real , and they 're still out there . 
 and if you do n't take them seriously , you 'll be dead before you know what 's happening . '' 
 rowan smiled at me , a slit-eyed , dangerous smile . 
 `` and why would the half-blood daughter of oberon care if the winter court lives or dies ? '' 
 `` enough . '' 
 mab 's voice rasped through the chamber . 
 she stood and waved a hand at the fey assembled behind us . 
 `` get out . 
 leave , all of you . 
 i will speak with my sons alone . '' 
 the crowd dispersed , slinking , stomping or gliding from the throne room . 
 i hesitated , trying to catch ash 's gaze , wondering if i was included in this conversation . 
 after all , i knew about the iron fey , too . 
 i succeeded in capturing his attention , but the winter prince gave me a bored , hostile glare and narrowed his eyes . 
 `` did n't you hear the queen , half-breed ? '' 
 he asked coldly , and my heart contracted into a tiny ball . 
 i stared at him , mouth open , unwilling to believe this was ash speaking to me , but he continued with ruthless disdain . 
 `` you 're not welcome here . 
 leave . '' 
 i felt the sting of angry tears , and took a step toward him . 
 `` ash - '' his eyes glittered as he shot me a glare of pure loathing . 
 `` it 's master ash , or your highness to you , half-breed . 
 and i do n't recall giving you permission to speak to me . 
 remember that , because the next time you forget your place , i 'll remind you with my blade . '' 
 he turned away , dismissing me in one cold , callous gesture . 
 rowan snickered , and mab watched me from atop her throne with a cool , amused gaze . 
 my throat tightened and a deluge pressed behind my eyes , ready to burst . 
 i trembled and bit my lip to keep the flood in check . 
 i would not cry . 
 not now , in front of mab and rowan and sage . 
 they were waiting for it ; i could see it on their faces as they watched me expectantly . 
 i could not show any weakness in front of the unseelie court if i wanted to survive . 
 especially now that ash had become one of the monsters . 
 with as much dignity as i could muster , i bowed to queen mab . 
 `` excuse me then , your majesty , '' i said , in a voice that trembled only slightly . 
 `` i will leave you and your sons in peace . '' 
 mab nodded , and rowan gave me a mocking , exaggerated bow . 
 ash and sage ignored me completely . 
 i spun on my heel and walked from the throne room with my head held high , my heart breaking with every step . 
 chapter two a declaration when i woke up , the room was light , cold beams streaming in the window . 
 my face felt sticky and hot , and my pillow was damp . 
 for one blissful moment , i did n't recall the events of the past night . 
 then , like a black wave , memory came rushing back . 
 tears threatened again , and i buried my head under the covers . 
 i 'd spent most of the night sobbing into my pillow , my face muffled so that my cries would n't be overheard by some fey in the hall . 
 ash 's cruel words stabbed me through the heart . 
 even now , i could hardly believe the way he 'd acted in the throne room , like i was scum beneath his boots , like he truly despised me . 
 i 'd been hoping for him , longing for him , to come back , and now those feelings were a twisted nail inside . 
 i felt betrayed , as if what we shared on our journey to the iron king was only a farce , a tactic the cunning ice prince had used to get me to come to the unseelie court . 
 or perhaps he had just grown tired of me and moved on . 
 just another reminder of how capricious and insensitive the fey could be . 
 in that moment of utter loneliness and confusion , i wished puck were here . 
 puck , with his carefree attitude and infectious smile , who always knew what to say to make me laugh again . 
 as a human , robbie goodfell had been my neighbor and best friend ; we shared everything , did everything , together . 
 of course , robbie goodfell turned out to be robin goodfellow , the infamous puck of a midsummer night 's dream , and he was following oberon 's orders to protect me from the faery world . 
 he 'd disobeyed his king when he brought me into the nevernever in search of ethan , and again when i fled the seelie court and oberon sent puck to bring me back . 
 his loyalty cost him dear when he was finally shot in a battle with one of machina 's lieutenants , virus , and nearly killed . 
 we were forced to leave him behind , deep within a dryad 's tree , to heal from his wounds , and guilt from that decision still ate at me . 
 my eyes filled with fresh tears , remembering . 
 puck could n't be dead . 
 i missed him too much for that . 
 a tapping came at my door , startling me . 
 `` meghaaaan '' came the singsong voice of tiaothin the phouka . 
 `` wake uuuup . 
 i know you 're in there . 
 open the doooor . '' 
 `` go away , '' i yelled , wiping my eyes . 
 `` i 'm not coming out , okay ? 
 i do n't feel good . '' 
 of course , this only encouraged her further . 
 the tapping turned to scratching , setting my teeth on edge , and her voice grew louder , more insistent . 
 knowing she 'd sit there all day , scratching and whining , i leaped off the bed , stomped across the room and wrenched open the door . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i snarled . 
 the phouka blinked , taking in my rumpled appearance , tear-streaked face and swollen , runny nose . 
 a knowing grin came to her lips , and my anger flared ; if she was here just to taunt me , i was so not in the mood . 
 stepping back , i was about to slam the door in her face when she darted into the room and leaped gracefully onto my bed . 
 `` hey ! 
 dammit , tiaothin ! 
 get out of here ! '' 
 my protests went ignored , as the phouka bounced gleefully on the mattress , shredding holes in the blankets with her sharp claws . 
 `` meghan 's in lo-ove , '' sang the phouka , making my heart stop . 
 `` meghan 's in lo-ove . 
 meghan and ash , sitting in a tree - '' `` tiaothin , shut up ! '' 
 i slammed the door and stalked toward her , glaring . 
 the phouka giggled and came to a bouncing stop on my bed , sitting cross-legged on the pillow . 
 her gold-green eyes gleamed with mischief . 
 `` i am not in love with ash , '' i told her , crossing my arms over my chest . 
 `` did n't you see the way he spoke to me , like i was dirt ? 
 ash is a heartless , arrogant bastard . 
 i hate him . '' 
 `` liar , '' the phouka retorted . 
 `` liar liar , lying human . 
 i saw the way you stared at him when he appeared . 
 i know that look . 
 you 're smitten . '' 
 tiaothin snickered , flicking an ear back and forth as i squirmed . 
 she grinned , showing all her teeth . 
 `` not your fault , really . 
 ash just does that to people . 
 no silly mortal can look at him and not fall head over heels . 
 how many hearts do you think he 's already broken ? '' 
 my spirits sank even lower . 
 i 'd thought i was special . 
 i thought ash cared for me , if only a little . 
 now , i realized i was probably just another girl in a long line of humans who 'd been foolish enough to fall for him . 
 tiaothin yawned , settling back against my pillows . 
 `` i 'm telling you this so you wo n't waste your time chasing after the impossible , '' she purred , slitting her eyes at me . 
 `` besides , '' she continued , `` ash is already is love with someone else . 
 has been for a long , long time . 
 he 's never forgotten her . '' 
 `` ariella , '' i whispered . 
 she looked surprised . 
 `` he told you about her ? 
 huh . 
 well then , you should already know ash would never fall for a plain , half-human girl , not when ariella was the most beautiful sidhe in the winter court . 
 he 'd never betray her memory , even if the law was n't an issue . 
 you know about the law , do n't you ? '' 
 i did n't know about any law , and i really did n't care . 
 i got the feeling the phouka wanted me to ask about it , but i was n't going to oblige . 
 but tiaothin seemed determined to tell me anyway , and went on with a sniff . 
 `` you 're summer , '' she said disdainfully . 
 `` we 're winter . 
 it 's against the law that the two should ever be involved . 
 not that we have many incidents , but occasionally some star-struck summer fey will fall in love with a winter , or vice versa . 
 all sorts of problems there-summer and winter are not meant to be together . 
 if they 're found out , the high lords will demand they renounce their love at once . 
 if they refuse , they 're banished to the human world forever , so they can continue their blasphemous relationship out of sight of the courts ... if they 're not executed right then . 
 `` so , you see , '' she finished , fixing me with a piercing stare , `` ash would never betray his queen and court for a human . 
 it 's best to forget about him . 
 maybe find a silly human boy in the mortal world , if mab ever lets you go . '' 
 by now i was so miserable i could n't open my mouth without screaming or crying . 
 bile burned my throat , and my eyes swelled up . 
 i had to get out of here , away from tiaothin 's brutal truths , before i fell to pieces . 
 biting my lip to keep the tears at bay , i turned and fled into the halls of the unseelie court . 
 i nearly tripped over a goblin , who hissed and gnashed his teeth at me , jagged fangs gleaming in the darkness . 
 muttering an apology , i hurried away . 
 a tall woman in a ghostly white dress floated down the corridor , eyes red and swollen , and i ducked down another hall to avoid her . 
 i needed to get out . 
 outside , into the clear , cold air , to be alone for just a few minutes , before i went crazy . 
 the dark corridors and crowded halls were making me claustrophobic . 
 tiaothin had showed me the way out once ; a pair of great double doors , one carved to resemble a laughing face , the other curled in a terrible snarl . 
 i had searched for them on my own but could never find them . 
 i suspected mab put a spell on the doors to hide them from me , or maybe the doors themselves were playing a twisted game of hide-and-seek-doors did that sometimes in faeryland . 
 it was infuriating : i could see the sparkling , snow-covered city from my bedroom window , but could never get there . 
 i heard a clatter behind me and turned to see a group of redcaps coming down the hall , mad yellow eyes bright with hunger and greed . 
 they had n't seen me yet , but when they did , i 'd be alone and unprotected , far from the safety of my room , and redcaps were always hungry . 
 fear gripped my heart . 
 i hurried around a corner ... and there they stood , across an ice-slick foyer . 
 the double doors , with their laughing face and snarling face , seeming to mock and threaten at the same time . 
 now that i 'd finally found them , i hesitated . 
 would i be able to get back in , once i was out ? 
 beyond the palace was the twisted , frightening city of the winter fey . 
 if i could n't get back in , i 'd freeze to death , or worse . 
 an excited whoop rang out . 
 the redcaps had seen me . 
 i hurried across the floor , trying not to slip , as the tiles appeared to be made of colored ice . 
 a pencil-thin butler in a black suit watched me impassively as i approached , his lank gray hair falling to his shoulders . 
 huge round eyes , like shiny mirrors , stared at me unblinking . 
 ignoring him , i grabbed the door with the laughing face and pulled , but it did n't budge . 
 `` going outside , miss chase ? '' 
 the butler asked , tilting his smooth , egg-shaped head . 
 `` just for a while , '' i snapped , straining at the door , which , infuriatingly , started laughing at me . 
 i did n't jump or scream , having experienced far stranger , but it did make me mad . 
 `` i 'll be right back , i promise . '' 
 i heard the jeering laughter of the redcaps , mingling with the howling of the door , and gave it a resounding kick . 
 `` dammit , open up , you stupid thing ! '' 
 the butler sighed . 
 `` you are assaulting the wrong door , miss chase . '' 
 he reached over and pulled open the snarling door , which scowled at me as it creaked on its hinges . 
 `` please be careful in your excursion outside , '' the butler said primly . 
 `` her majesty would be most displeased if you ... ahem ... ran away . 
 not that you would , i 'm sure . 
 her protection is all that keeps you from being frozen , or devoured . '' 
 a blast of frigid air blew into the foyer . 
 the land beyond was dark and cold . 
 glancing behind at the redcaps , who watched me from the shadows with bright , pointy grins , i shivered and stepped out into the snow . 
 i almost went back inside , it was so cold . 
 my breath hung on the air , and ice eddies stung my exposed flesh , making it tingle and burn . 
 a pristine , frozen courtyard stretched before me , trees , flowers , statues and fountains encased in the clearest ice . 
 great jagged crystals , some taller than my head , jutted out of the ground at random intervals , spearing into the sky . 
 a group of fey dressed in glittering white sat on the lip of a fountain , long azure hair rippling down their backs . 
 they saw me , snickered behind their hands and rose . 
 the nails on their fingertips glimmered blue in the half-light . 
 i went the other way , my boots crunching through the snow , leaving deep prints behind . 
 a while ago , i might 've wondered how it could snow underground , but i 'd long accepted that things never made sense in faeryland . 
 i did n't really know where i was going , but moving seemed better than standing still . 
 `` where do you think you 're going , half-breed ? '' 
 snow swirled , stinging my face and blinding me . 
 when the blizzard receded , i was surrounded by the four fey girls who had been sitting at the fountain . 
 tall , elegant and beautiful , with their pale skin and shimmering cobalt hair , they hemmed me in like a pack of wolves , full frosted lips twisted into ugly sneers . 
 `` ooh , snowberry , you were right , '' one of them said , wrinkling her nose like she smelled something foul . 
 `` she does reek of a dead pig in the summer . 
 i do n't know how mab can stand it . '' 
 clenching my fists , i tried to keep my cool . 
 i was so not in the mood for this now . 
 god , it 's like high school all over again . 
 will it never end ? 
 these are ancient faeries , for pete 's sake , and they 're acting like my high school pom squad . 
 the tallest of the pack , a willowy fey with poison green streaked through her azure hair , regarded me with cold blue eyes and stepped close , crowding me . 
 i stood my ground , and her gaze narrowed . 
 a year ago , i might have grinned benignly and nodded and agreed with everything they said , just to get them to leave me alone . 
 things were different now . 
 these girls were n't the scariest things i 'd seen . 
 not by a long shot . 
 `` can i help you ? '' 
 i asked in the calmest voice i could manage . 
 she smiled . 
 it was not a nice smile . 
 `` i 'm just curious to see how a half-breed like you gets off on speaking to prince ash like an equal . '' 
 she sniffed , curling her lip in disgust . 
 `` if i were mab , i would 've frozen your throat shut just for looking at him . '' 
 `` well , you 're not , '' i said , meeting her gaze . 
 `` and since i 'm a guest here , i do n't think she 'd approve of whatever you 're planning to do to me . 
 so , why do n't we do each other a favor and pretend we do n't exist ? 
 that would solve a lot of problems . '' 
 `` you do n't get it , do you , half-breed ? '' 
 snowberry pulled herself up , staring down her perfect nose at me . 
 `` looking at my prince constitutes an act of war . 
 that you actually spoke to him makes my stomach turn . 
 you do n't seem to understand that you disgust him , as well you should , with your tainted summer blood and human stench . 
 we 'll have to do something about that , wo n't we ? '' 
 my prince ? 
 was she talking about ash ? 
 i stared at her , tempted to say something stupid like , funny , he never mentioned you . 
 she might act like a spoiled , rich , mean girl from my old school , but the way her eyes darkened until there were no pupils left reminded me that she was still fey . 
 `` so . '' 
 snowberry stepped back and gave me a patronizing smile . 
 `` this is what we 're going to do . 
 you , half-breed , are going to promise me that you wo n't so much as glance at my sweet ash , ever again . 
 breaking this promise means i get to pluck out your wandering eyes and make a necklace with them . 
 i think that 's a fair bargain , do n't you ? '' 
 the rest of the girls giggled , and there was a hungry , eager edge to the sound , like they wanted to eat me alive . 
 i could have told her not to worry . 
 i could have told her that ash hated me and she did n't have to threaten to get me to stay away . 
 i did n't . 
 i drew myself up , looked her in the eye , and asked , `` and what if i do n't ? '' 
 silence fell . 
 i felt the air get colder and braced myself for the explosion . 
 a part of me knew this was stupid , picking a fight with a faery . 
 i would probably get my butt kicked , or cursed , or something nasty . 
 i did n't care . 
 i was tired of being bullied , tired of running into the bathroom to sob my eyes out . 
 if this faery bitch wanted a fight , bring it on . 
 i 'd do my fair share of clawing , too . 
 `` well , is n't this fun . '' 
 a smooth , confident voice cut through the silence , a second before all hell would have broken loose . 
 we jumped as a lean figure dressed entirely in white materialized from the snow , his coat flapping behind him . 
 the look on his pointed face glowed with haughty amusement . 
 `` prince rowan ! '' 
 the prince grinned , his ice-blue eyes narrowed to slits . 
 `` pardon me , girls , '' he said , slipping up beside me , making the pack fall back a few steps . 
 `` i do n't mean to ruin your little party , but i need to borrow the half-breed for a moment . '' 
 snowberry smiled at rowan , all traces of hatefulness gone in an instant . 
 `` of course , your highness , '' she cooed , as if she 'd just been offered a wonderful gift . 
 `` whatever you command . 
 we were just keeping her company . '' 
 i wanted to gag , but rowan smiled back as if he believed her , and the pack drifted away without a backward glance . 
 the prince 's smile turned to a smirk as soon as they 'd gone , and he gave me a sideways leer that made me instantly cautious . 
 he might have saved me from snowberry and her harpies , but i did n't think he 'd done it to be chivalrous . 
 `` so , you 're oberon 's half-blood , '' he purred , confirming my suspicion . 
 his eyes raked me up and down , and i felt horribly exposed , as though he was undressing me with his gaze . 
 `` i saw you at elysium last spring . 
 somehow i thought you were ... taller . '' 
 `` sorry to disappoint you , '' i said frostily . 
 `` oh , you 're not disappointing . '' 
 rowan smiled , his gaze lingering on my chest . 
 `` not a bit . '' 
 he snickered again and stepped back , gesturing for me to follow . 
 `` come on , princess . 
 let 's take a walk . 
 i want to show you something . '' 
 i really did n't want to , but i saw no way of politely refusing a prince of the unseelie court , especially since he 'd just done me a favor by getting rid of the pack . 
 so i followed him to another part of the courtyard , where frozen statues littered the snowy landscape , making it eerie and surreal . 
 some stood straight and proud , some were twisted in abject fear , arms and limbs thrown up to protect themselves . 
 looking at some of their features , so real and lifelike , made me shudder . 
 the queen of winter has a creepy sense of style . 
 rowan paused in front of one statue , covered in a layer of smoky ice , its features barely distinguishable through the opaque seal . 
 with a start , i realized this was n't a statue at all . 
 a human stared out of his ice prison , mouth open in a scream of terror , one hand flung out before him . 
 his blue eyes , wide and staring , gazed down at me . 
 then he blinked . 
 i stumbled back , a shriek lodging in my throat . 
 the human blinked again , his terrified gaze beseeching mine . 
 i saw his lips tremble , as if he wanted to say something but the ice rendered him immobile , frozen and helpless . 
 i wondered how he could breathe . 
 `` brilliant , is n't it ? '' 
 said rowan , gazing at the statue in admiration . 
 `` mab 's punishment for those who disappoint her . 
 they can see , feel and hear everything that goes on around them , so they 're fully aware of what 's happened to them . 
 their hearts beat , their brains function , but they do n't age . 
 they 're suspended in time forever . '' 
 `` how do they breathe ? '' 
 i whispered , staring back at the gaping human . 
 `` they do n't . '' 
 rowan smirked . 
 `` they ca n't , of course . 
 their noses and mouths are full of ice . 
 but they still keep trying . 
 it 's like they 're suffocating for eternity . '' 
 `` that 's horrible ! '' 
 the sidhe prince shrugged . 
 `` do n't piss off mab , is all i can tell you . '' 
 he turned the full brunt of his icy gaze on me . 
 `` so , princess , '' he continued , making himself comfortable at the base of the statue . 
 `` tell me something , if you would . '' 
 pulling an apple out of nowhere , he bit into it , smiling at me all the while . 
 `` i hear you and ash traveled all the way to the iron king 's realm and back . 
 or so he claims . 
 what do you think of my dear little brother ? '' 
 i smelled a hidden motive and crossed my arms . 
 `` why do you want to know ? '' 
 `` just making conversation . '' 
 rowan produced another apple and tossed it at me . 
 i fumbled to catch it , and rowan grinned . 
 `` do n't be so uptight . 
 you 'd give a brownie a nervous breakdown . 
 so , was my brother a complete troll , or did he remember his manners ? '' 
 i was hungry . 
 my stomach growled , and the apple felt cool and crisp in my hand . 
 before i knew it , i 'd taken a bite . 
 sweet , tart juice flooded my mouth , with just a hint of bitter after-taste . 
 `` he was a perfect gentleman , '' i said with my mouth full , my voice sounding strange in my ears . 
 `` he helped me rescue my brother from the iron king . 
 i could n't have done it without him . '' 
 rowan reclined and gave me a lazy smile . 
 `` do tell . '' 
 i frowned at his smirk . 
 something was n't right . 
 why was i telling him this ? 
 i tried shutting up , clamping down on my tongue , but my mouth opened and the words rushed out of their own volition . 
 `` my brother ethan was stolen by the iron king , '' i said , listening to myself babble on in horror . 
 `` i came into the nevernever to get him back . 
 when ash was sent by mab to capture me , i tricked him into making a contract with me , instead . 
 if he helped me rescue ethan , i would go with him to the unseelie court . 
 he agreed to help , but when we got to the iron kingdom , it made ash horribly sick , and he was captured by machina 's iron knights . 
 i snuck into the iron king 's tower , used a magic arrow to kill machina , rescued my brother and ash , and then we came here . '' 
 i clapped both hands over my mouth to stop the torrent of words , but the damage was already done . 
 rowan looked like the cat who just ate the canary . 
 `` so , '' he crooned , slitting his eyes at me , `` my little brother let himself be tricked-by a weakling half-blood-into rescuing a mortal child and nearly killing himself in the process . 
 how very unlike ash . 
 tell me more , princess . '' 
 i kept my hands over my mouth , muffling my words , even as they began pouring out . 
 rowan laughed and hopped off the statue base , stalking toward me with an evil grin . 
 `` oh , come now , princess , you know it 's useless to resist . 
 no need to make this harder on yourself . '' 
 i wanted to punch him , but i was afraid if i took my hands from my mouth , i 'd reveal something else . 
 rowan kept coming , his grin turning predatory . 
 i backed away , but a wave of dizziness and nausea swept through me and i stumbled , fighting to stay on my feet . 
 the prince snapped his fingers , and the snow around my feet turned to ice , covering my boots and freezing me in place . 
 horrified , i watched the ice crawl up past my knees , making sharp , crinkling noises as it inched toward my waist . 
 it 's cold ! 
 i shivered violently , tiny needles of pain stabbing my flesh through my clothes . 
 i gasped , wanting desperately to get away from it , but of course i could n't move . 
 my stomach cramped , and another bout of nausea made my head spin . 
 rowan smiled , leaning back and watching me struggle . 
 `` i can make it stop , you know , '' he said , munching on the last of his apple . 
 `` all you have to do is answer a few innocent questions , that 's all . 
 i do n't know why you 're being so difficult , unless , of course , you have something to hide . 
 who are you trying to protect , half-breed ? '' 
 the temperature was becoming unbearable . 
 my muscles began to spasm from the awful , bone-numbing cold . 
 my arms shook , and my hands dropped from my mouth . 
 `` ash , '' i whispered , but at that moment , the ice holding me in place shattered . 
 with the sound of breaking china , it collapsed into thousands of crystalline shards , glinting in the weak light . 
 i yelped and stumbled back , free of the icy embrace , as another lean , dark form melted out of the shadows . 
 `` ash . '' 
 rowan smiled as his brother stalked toward us , and my heart leaped . 
 for a moment , i imagined ash 's gray eyes were narrowed in fury , but then he drew close and looked the same as he had the night before-cold , distant , slightly bored . 
 `` what a coincidence , '' rowan continued , still bearing that disgustingly smug grin . 
 `` come and join us , little brother . 
 we were just talking about you . '' 
 `` what are you doing , rowan ? '' 
 ash sighed , sounding more irritated than anything . 
 `` mab told us not to bother the half-breed . '' 
 `` me ? 
 bother her ? '' 
 rowan looked incredulous , blue eyes widening into the picture of innocence . 
 `` i 'm never a bother . 
 we were just having a scintillating conversation . 
 were n't we , princess ? 
 why do n't you tell him what you just told me ? '' 
 ash 's silver gaze flicked to mine , a shadow of uncertainty crossing his face . 
 my lips opened of their own accord , and i clapped my hands over my mouth again , stopping the words before they spilled out . 
 meeting his gaze , i shook my head , beseeching him with my eyes . 
 `` oh , come now , princess , do n't be shy , '' rowan purred . 
 `` you seemed to have a lot to say about our dearest boy ash , here . 
 go on and tell him . '' 
 i glared at rowan , wishing i could tell him exactly what he could do with himself , but i was feeling so sick and light-headed now , it took all my concentration to stay upright . 
 ash 's gaze hardened . 
 striding away from me , he bent and plucked something out of the snow , holding it up before him . 
 it was the fruit i 'd dropped , a single bite taken out of the flesh , like snow white 's poisoned apple . 
 only it was n't an apple now , but a big spotted toadstool , the fleshy insides white as bone . 
 my stomach heaved , cramping violently , and i nearly lost the bite i 'd taken . 
 ash said nothing . 
 glaring at rowan , he held up the mushroom and raised an eyebrow . 
 rowan sighed . 
 `` mab did n't specifically say we could n't use spill-your-guts , '' rowan said , shrugging his lean shoulders . 
 `` besides , i think you 'd be most interested in what our summer princess has to say about you . '' 
 `` why should i be ? '' 
 ash tossed the mushroom away , looking bored again . 
 `` this conversation is n't important . 
 i made the bargain to get her here , and now it 's done . 
 anything i said or did was for the purpose of bringing her to court . '' 
 i gasped , my hands dropping away from my face , to stare at him . 
 it was true , then . 
 he 'd been playing me all along . 
 what he told me in the iron kingdom , everything we shared , none of that was real . 
 i felt ice spreading through my stomach and shook my head , trying to erase what i just heard . 
 `` no , '' i muttered , too low for anyone to hear . 
 `` it 's not true . 
 it ca n't be . 
 ash , tell him you 're lying . '' 
 `` mab does n't care how i did it , as long as the goal was accomplished , '' ash continued , oblivious to my torment . 
 `` which is more than i can say for you . '' 
 he crossed his arms and shrugged , the picture of indifference . 
 `` now , if we 're quite done here , the half-breed should return inside . 
 the queen will not be pleased if she freezes to death . '' 
 `` ash , '' i whispered as he turned away . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 he did n't even glance at me . 
 tears pressed behind my eyes , and i stumbled after him , fighting a wave of dizziness . 
 `` ash ! '' 
 `` i love you ! '' 
 the words just tumbled out of me . 
 i did n't mean to say them , but the moment i did , my stomach twisted with disbelief and utter horror . 
 my hands flew back to my mouth , but it was far , far too late . 
 rowan grinned his biggest yet , a smile full of terrible glee , like he 'd been given the best present in the world . 
 ash froze , his back still to me . 
 for just a moment , i saw his hands clench at his sides . 
 `` that 's unfortunate for you , is n't it ? '' 
 he said , his voice dead of emotion . 
 `` but the summer court has always been weak . 
 why would i touch the half-breed daughter of oberon ? 
 do n't make me sick , human . '' 
 it was like an icy hand plunged into my body , ripping my heart from my chest . 
 i felt actual physical pain lance through me . 
 my legs buckled , and i collapsed to the snow , ice crystals biting into my palms . 
 i could n't breathe , could n't even cry . 
 all i could do was kneel there , the cold seeping through my jeans , hearing ash 's words echo through my head . 
 `` oh , that was cruel , ash , '' rowan said , sounding delighted . 
 `` i do believe you broke our poor princess 's heart . '' 
 ash said something else , something i did n't catch , because the ground began to twirl beneath me , and another wave of dizziness made my head spin . 
 i could have fought it off , but i was numb to all feeling , and i did n't care at the moment . 
 let the darkness come , i thought , let it take me away , before it pulled a heavy blanket over my eyes and i dropped into oblivion . 
 chapter three the scepter of the seasons i drifted for a while , neither awake nor asleep , caught somewhere between the two . 
 hazy , half-remembered dreams swam across my vision , mingling with reality until i did n't know which was which . 
 i dreamed of my family , of ethan and mom and my stepdad , luke . 
 i dreamed of them going on without me , slowly forgetting who i was , that i ever existed . 
 shapes and voices floated in and out of my consciousness : tiaothin telling me to snap out of it because she was bored , rowan telling queen mab that he had no idea i would react so violently to a simple mushroom , another voice telling the queen that i might never wake up . 
 sometimes i dreamed that ash was in the room , standing in a corner or beside my bed , just watching me with bright silver eyes . 
 in my delirium , i might have heard him whisper that he was sorry . 
 `` humans are such fragile creatures , are n't they ? '' 
 murmured a voice one night , as i drifted in and out of stupor . 
 `` one tiny nibble of spill-your-guts sends them into a coma . 
 pathetic . '' 
 it snorted . 
 `` i heard this one was in love with prince ash . 
 makes you wonder what mab will do to her , once she wakes up . 
 she 's none too pleased with the summer whelp being all mushy-mushy with her favorite son . '' 
 `` well , she certainly picked an inconvenient time to go all sleeping beauty , '' added another voice , `` what with the exchange coming up and all . '' 
 it snorted . 
 `` if she does wake up , mab might kill her for the annoyance . 
 either way , it 'll be entertaining . '' 
 the sound of their laughter faded away , and i floated in darkness . 
 an eternity passed with few distractions . 
 voices slipping by me , unimportant . 
 tiaothin repeatedly poking me in the ribs , her sharp claws drawing blood , but the pain belonged to someone else . 
 scenes of my family : mom on the porch with a police officer , explaining she did n't have a missing daughter ; ethan playing in my room , which was now an office , repainted and refurnished , all my personal items given away . 
 there was a dull throb in my chest as i watched him ; in another life , it might have been sorrow , longing , but i was beyond feeling anything now and watched my half brother with detached curiosity . 
 he was talking to a familiar stuffed rabbit , and that made me frown . 
 was n't that rabbit destroyed ... ? 
 `` they have forgotten you , '' murmured a voice in the darkness . 
 a deep , familiar voice . 
 i turned and found machina , his cables folded behind him , watching me with a small smile on his lips . 
 his silver hair glowed in the blackness . 
 my brow furrowed . 
 `` you 're not here , '' i muttered , backing away . 
 `` i killed you . 
 you are n't real . '' 
 `` no , my love . '' 
 machina shook his head , his hair rippling softly . 
 `` you did kill me , but i am still with you . 
 i will always be with you , now . 
 there is no avoiding it . 
 we are one . '' 
 i drew back , shivering . 
 `` go away , '' i said , retreating into the black . 
 the iron king watched me intently , but did not follow . 
 `` you 're not here , '' i repeated . 
 `` this is just a dream , and you 're dead ! 
 leave me alone . '' 
 i turned and fled into the darkness , until the soft glow of the iron king faded into the void . 
 another eternity passed , or perhaps only a few seconds , when through the confusion and darkness , i felt a presence near the bed . 
 mom ? 
 i wondered , a little girl once more . 
 or maybe tiaothin , come to bother me again . 
 go away , i told them , retreating into my dreams . 
 i do n't want to see you . 
 i do n't want to see anyone . 
 just leave me alone . 
 `` meghan , '' whispered a voice , heart-wrenchingly familiar , drawing me out of the void . 
 i recognized it immediately , just as i realized it was a figment of my desperate imagination , because the real owner of that voice would never be here , talking to me . 
 ash ? 
 `` wake up , '' he murmured , his deep voice cutting through the layers of the darkness . 
 `` do n't do this . 
 if you do n't come out of this soon , you 'll fade away and drift forever . 
 fight it . 
 come back to us . '' 
 i did n't want to wake up . 
 there was nothing but pain waiting for me in the real world . 
 if i was asleep , i could n't feel anything . 
 if i was asleep , i did n't have to face ash and the cold contempt on his face when he looked at me . 
 darkness was my retreat , my sanctuary . 
 i drew back from ash 's voice , deeper into the comforting blackness . 
 and , through the layer of dreams and delirium , i heard a quiet sob . 
 `` please . '' 
 a hand gripped mine , real and solid , anchoring me to the present . 
 `` i know what you must think of me , but ... '' the voice broke off , took a ragged breath . 
 `` do n't leave , '' it whispered . 
 `` meghan , do n't go . 
 come back to me . '' 
 i sobbed in return , and opened my eyes . 
 the room was dark , empty . 
 faery light filtered through the window , casting everything in blue and silver . 
 as usual , the air was icy cold . 
 a dream , then , i thought , as the mist swirling around my head for so long finally cleared , leaving me devastatingly awake and aware . 
 it was a dream , after all . 
 a sense of betrayal filled me . 
 i 'd come out of my lovely darkness for nothing . 
 i wanted to retreat , to return to the oblivion where nothing could hurt me , but now that i was awake , i could n't go back . 
 an ache filled my chest , so sharp that i gasped out loud . 
 was this what a broken heart felt like ? 
 was it possible to die from the pain ? 
 i 'd always thought the girls at school so dramatic ; when they broke up with their boyfriends , they cried and carried on for weeks . 
 i did n't think they needed to throw such a fuss . 
 but i 'd never been in love before . 
 what would i do now ? 
 ash despised me . 
 everything he 'd said and done was to bring me to his queen . 
 he was a cheat . 
 he 'd used me , to further his own ends . 
 and the saddest part was , i still loved him . 
 stop it ! 
 i told myself , as tears threatened once more . 
 enough of this ! 
 ash does n't deserve it . 
 he does n't deserve anything . 
 he 's a soulless faery who played you every step of the way , and you fell for it like an idiot . 
 i took a deep breath , forcing back the tears , willing them to freeze inside me , to freeze everything inside me . 
 emotions , tears , memories , anything that made me weak . 
 because if i was going to play in the unseelie court , i had to be made of ice . 
 no , not ice . 
 like iron . 
 nothing will hurt me again , i thought , as my tears dried and my emotions shriveled into a withered ball . 
 if the damned faeries want to play rough , so be it . 
 i can play rough , too . 
 i threw back the covers and stood tall , the cold air prickling my skin . 
 let it freeze me , i do n't care . 
 my hair was a mess , tangled and limp , my clothes rumpled and disgusting . 
 i peeled them off and walked into the bathroom for a long soak in the tub-the only warm place in the entire court-before dressing in black jeans , a black halter top and a long black coat . 
 as i was finishing lacing up my black boots , tiaothin walked into the room . 
 she blinked , obviously astonished to see me on my feet , before breaking into a huge grin , fangs shining in the moonlight . 
 `` you 're up ! '' 
 she exclaimed , bouncing over and leaping onto my bed . 
 `` you 're awake . 
 that 's a relief . 
 mab 's been annoyed and cranky ever since you collapsed . 
 she thought you were going to sleep forever , and then she 'd have a devil of a time explaining your condition to the seelie courtiers when they come for the exchange . '' 
 i frowned at her , and for a moment , a tiny spark of hope flickered inside . 
 `` what exchange ? '' 
 i wondered . 
 have they come for me ? 
 has oberon finally sent someone to rescue me from this hellhole ? 
 tiaothin , in that guileless way of hers , seemed to know exactly what i was thinking . 
 `` do n't worry , half-breed , '' she sniffed , looking at me with slitted eyes . 
 `` they 're not coming for you . 
 they 're here to pass on the scepter of the seasons . 
 summer is finally over , and winter is on the way . '' 
 i felt a pang of disappointment and quashed it . 
 no weakness . 
 show her nothing . 
 i shrugged and casually asked , `` what 's the scepter of the seasons ? '' 
 tiaothin yawned and made herself comfortable on my bed . 
 `` it 's a magical talisman that the courts pass between them with the changing of the seasons , '' she said , picking at a loose thread on my quilt . 
 `` six months out of the year , oberon holds it , when spring and summer are at their peak , and winter is at its weakest . 
 then , on the autumn equinox , it is passed to queen mab , to signify the shift in power between the courts . 
 the summer courtiers will be arriving soon , and we 'll have a huge party to celebrate the start of winter . 
 everyone in tir na nog is invited , and the party will last for days . '' 
 she grinned and bounced in place , dreadlocks flying . 
 `` it 's a good thing you woke up when you did , half-breed . 
 this is one party you do n't want to miss ! '' 
 `` will lord oberon and lady titania be there ? '' 
 `` lord pointy ears ? '' 
 tiaothin sniffed . 
 `` he 's much too important to go slumming around with unseelie lowlifes . 
 nah , oberon and his bitch queen titania will stay in arcadia where they 're comfortable . 
 lucky thing , too . 
 those two stiff necks can really ruin a good party . '' 
 so i 'd be on my own after all . 
 fine with me . 
 the summer court arrived in a hale of music and flowers , probably in direct defiance of winter , whose traditions i was beginning to hate . 
 i stood calf deep in snow , the collar of my fur coat turned up against cold , watching unseelie fey mill about the courtyard . 
 the event was to take place outside , in the courtyard full of ice and frozen statues . 
 will-o ' - the-wisps and corpse candles floated through the air , casting everything in eternal twilight . 
 why could n't the winter fey hold their parties aboveground for once ? 
 i missed the sunlight so much it hurt . 
 i felt a presence behind me , then heard a quiet chuckle in my ear . 
 `` so glad you were able to make it to the party , princess . 
 it would 've been terribly boring without you . '' 
 my skin prickled , and i squashed down my fear as rowan 's breath tickled the back of my neck . 
 `` would n't miss it for the world , '' i replied , keeping my voice light and even . 
 his eyes bored into my skull , but i did n't turn . 
 `` what can i do for you , your highness ? '' 
 `` oh ho , now we 're playing the ice queen . 
 bravo , princess , bravo . 
 such a brave comeback from your broken heart . 
 not what i expected from summer at all . '' 
 he shifted around me so that we were inches apart , so close i could see my reflection in his ice-blue eyes . 
 `` you know , '' he breathed , his breath cold on my cheek , `` i can help you get over him . '' 
 i desperately wanted to back away , but i held my ground . 
 you are iron , i reminded myself . 
 he ca n't hurt you . 
 you 're steel inside . 
 `` the offer is appreciated , '' i said , locking gazes with the sidhe prince , `` but i do n't need your help . 
 i 'm already past him . '' 
 `` are you now ? '' 
 rowan did n't sound convinced . 
 `` you know he 's right over there , do n't you ? 
 pretending not to watch us ? '' 
 he smirked and took my hand , pressing it to his lips . 
 my stomach fluttered before i could stop it . 
 `` let 's show dear ash how much you 're over him . 
 come on , princess . 
 you know you want to . '' 
 i did want to . 
 i wanted to hurt ash , make him jealous , put him through the same pain i had gone through . 
 and rowan was right there , offering . 
 all i had to do was lean forward and meet his smirking mouth . 
 i hesitated . 
 rowan was gorgeous ; i could do worse in the casual make-out department . 
 `` kiss me , '' rowan whispered . 
 a trumpet sounded , echoing over the courtyard , and the smell of roses filled the air . 
 the seelie court was arriving , to the roars and shrieks of the winter fey . 
 i started , wrenching myself out of the glamour-induced daze . 
 `` dammit , stop doing that ! '' 
 i snarled , yanking my hand from his grip and stumbling back . 
 my heart slammed against my rib cage . 
 god , i 'd almost fallen for it this time ; another half second and i would have been all over him . 
 shame colored my cheeks . 
 rowan laughed . 
 `` you 're almost attractive when you blush , '' he snickered , moving out of slapping range . 
 `` until next time , princess . '' 
 with another mocking bow , he slipped away . 
 i glanced around furtively , wondering if ash truly was nearby and watching us , as rowan claimed . 
 though i saw sage and his enormous wolf lounging against a pillar near mab 's throne , ash was nowhere in sight . 
 two satyrs padded through the briar-covered gates of the courtyard , holding pale trumpets that looked made of bone . 
 they raised the horns to their lips and blew a keening blast , one that set the unseelie court to howling . 
 atop her throne of ice , mab watched the procedures with a faint smile . 
 `` gotcha ! '' 
 hissed a voice , and something pinched me painfully on the rear . 
 i yelped , whirling on tiaothin , who laughed and danced away , dreadlocks flying . 
 `` you 're an idiot , half-breed , '' she taunted , as i kicked snow at her . 
 she dodged easily . 
 `` rowan 's too good for you , and he 's experienced . 
 most everyone , fey and mortal boys included , would give their teeth to have him to themselves for a night . 
 try him . 
 i guarantee you 'll like it . '' 
 `` not interested , '' i snapped , glaring at her with narrowed eyes . 
 my butt still stung , making my words sharp . 
 `` i 'm done playing games with faery princes . 
 they can go to hell , for all i care . 
 i 'd rather strip nak * d for a group of redcaps . '' 
 `` ooh , if you do , can i watch ? '' 
 i rolled my eyes and turned my back on her as the seelie court finally made its appearance . 
 a line of white horses swept into the courtyard , their hooves floating over the ground , their eyes as blue as the summer sky . 
 atop saddles made of bark , twigs and flowering vines , elven knights peered down haughtily , elegant in their leafy armor . 
 after the knights came the standard-bearers , satyrs and dwarfs bearing the colors of the summer court . 
 then , finally , an elegant carriage pulled up , wreathed in thorns and rosebushes and flanked by two grim-faced trolls who growled and bared their fangs at the crowds of winter fey . 
 tiaothin sniffed . 
 `` they 're being highly paranoid this year , '' she muttered , as a troll took a swat at a goblin that edged too close . 
 `` wonder who the high-and-mighty noble is , to warrant such security measures ? '' 
 i did n't answer , for my skin was prickling a warning , though i did n't know why until a moment later . 
 the carriage rolled to a stop , the doors were opened ... and king oberon , lord of the seelie court , stepped out into the snow . 
 the unseelie fey gasped and snarled , backing away from the carriage , as the erlking swept his impassive gaze over the crowd . 
 my heart hammered in my chest . 
 oberon looked as imposing as ever : slender , ancient and powerful , his silver hair falling to his waist and his eyes like pale leaves . 
 he wore robes the color of the forest , brown and gold and green , and an antlered crown rested on his brow . 
 beside me , tiaothin gaped , flattening her ears . 
 `` oberon ? '' 
 she snarled , as i watched the erlking 's gaze sweep the crowd , searching meticulously . 
 `` what 's lord pointy ears doing here ? '' 
 i could n't answer , for oberon 's piercing stare finally found me . 
 his eyes narrowed , and i shivered under that look . 
 the last time i 'd seen the erlking , i 'd snuck away from the seelie court to find my brother . 
 oberon had sent puck to fetch me back , and i 'd convinced him to help me instead . 
 after our rebellion and direct disobedience , i imagined the seelie king was none too happy with either of us . 
 my stomach twisted and a lump rose to my throat as i thought of puck . 
 i managed to swallow it down before any unseelie noticed my bout of weakness , but the memories still haunted me . 
 i desperately wished puck were here . 
 i stared at the carriage , hoping his lanky , red-haired form would come leaping out , flashing that defiant smirk , but he did not appear . 
 `` lord oberon , '' mab said in a neutral voice , but it was clear that she , too , was surprised to see her ancient rival . 
 `` this is a surprise . 
 to what do we owe the honor of your visit ? '' 
 oberon approached the throne , flanked by his two troll bodyguards . 
 the crowd of unseelie fey parted quickly before him , until he stood before the throne . 
 `` lady mab , '' the erlking said , his powerful voice echoing over the courtyard , `` i have come to request the return of my daughter , meghan chase , to the seelie court . '' 
 a murmur went through the ranks of unseelie fey , and all eyes turned to me . 
 iron , i reminded myself . 
 you are like iron . 
 do n't let them scare you . 
 i stepped out from behind tiaothin and met the surprised , angry looks head-on . 
 oberon gestured at the carriage , and the trolls reached inside , dragging out two pale winter sidhe , their arms bound behind their backs with living , writhing vines . 
 `` i have brought an exchange , as the rules dictate , '' oberon continued , as the trolls pushed the prisoners forward . 
 `` i will return to you your own , in exchange for my daughter 's freedom - '' mab interrupted . 
 `` i 'm afraid you misunderstand , lord oberon , '' she rasped with the faintest of smiles . 
 `` your daughter is not a prisoner of the unseelie , but a willing guest . 
 she came to us on her own , after making a bargain with my son to do so . 
 the girl is bound by her contract to prince ash , and you have no power to demand her return . 
 once a bargain is made , it must be honored by all . '' 
 oberon stiffened , then slowly turned to me again . 
 i gulped as those ancientas-the-forest eyes pierced right through me . 
 `` is this true , daughter ? '' 
 he asked , and though his voice was soft , it echoed in my ears and made the ground tremble . 
 i bit my lip and nodded . 
 `` it 's true , '' i whispered . 
 i guess your wolf henchman did n't come back to tell you that part . 
 the erlking shook his head . 
 `` then , i can not help you . 
 foolish girl . 
 you have doomed yourself to your fate . 
 so be it . '' 
 he turned from me , a deserting gesture that spoke louder than any words , and i felt like he had punched me in the stomach . 
 `` my daughter has made her choice , '' he announced . 
 `` let us be done with this . '' 
 that 's it ? 
 i thought as oberon walked back toward the carriage . 
 you 're not going to fight to get me out , bargain with mab for my freedom ? 
 because of my stupid contract , you 're just going to leave me here ? 
 apparently so . 
 the erlking did n't look at me a second time as he reached the carriage and gestured to his trolls . 
 one of them shoved the unseelie prisoners back into the carriage , while the other opened the opposite door with a grunt . 
 a tall , regal faery stepped out into the snow . 
 despite her size , she looked so delicate it seemed she would break at the slightest puff of air . 
 her limbs were bundles of twigs , held together with woven grass . 
 fragile white buds grew from her scalp instead of hair . 
 a magnificent mantle covered her shoulders , made of every flower under the sun : lilies , roses , tulips , daffodils , and plants i did n't have a name for . 
 bees and butterflies flitted around her , and the smell of roses was suddenly overpowering . 
 she stepped forward , and the hoards of winter fey leaped back at her approach , as if she had a disease . 
 however , it was n't the flower woman all eyes were trained on , but what she held in her hands . 
 it was a scepter , like kings and queens used to carry , only this one was n't just some decorated rod . 
 it pulsed with a soft amber glow , as if sunlight clung to the living wood , melting the snow and ice where it touched . 
 the long handle was wrapped in vines , and the carved head of the scepter continuously sprouted flowers , buds , and tiny plants . 
 it left a trail of leaves and petals where the lady passed , and the winter fey kept their distance , growling and hissing . 
 at the foot of the throne , the lady knelt and held out the scepter in both hands , bowing her head . 
 for a moment , mab did nothing , simply watching the faery with an unreadable expression on her face . 
 the rest of the winter court seemed to hold their breath . 
 then , with deliberate slowness , mab stood and plucked the scepter from the woman 's hands . 
 holding it before her , the queen studied it , then raised it up for all to see . 
 the scepter flared , the golden aura swallowed up by icy blue . 
 the leaves and flowers shriveled and fell away . 
 bees and butterflies spiraled lifelessly to the ground , their gossamer wings coated in frost . 
 the scepter flared once more and turned to ice , sending sparkling prisms of light over the courtyard . 
 the faery kneeling before the queen jerked and then ... she , too , shriveled away . 
 her gorgeous robe withered , the flowers turning black and falling to the ground . 
 her hair curled , becoming dry and brittle , before flaking off her scalp . 
 i heard the snapping of twigs as her legs broke at the knees , unable to hold her up any longer . 
 she pitched forward into the snow , twitched once , and was still . 
 as i watched in horror , wondering why no one went forward to help , the smell of roses faded away , and the stench of rotting vegetation filled the courtyard . 
 `` it is done , '' said oberon , his voice weary . 
 he raised his head and met mab 's gaze . 
 `` the exchange is complete , until the summer equinox . 
 now , if you will excuse us , queen mab . 
 we must return to arcadia . '' 
 mab shot him a look that was purely predatory . 
 `` you will not stay , lord oberon ? '' 
 she crooned . 
 `` celebrate with us ? '' 
 `` i think not , lady . '' 
 if oberon was disturbed by the way mab looked at him , he did n't show it . 
 `` the ending of summer is not something we look forward to . 
 i 'm afraid we will have to decline . 
 but , be warned , queen mab , this is not yet over . 
 one way or another , i will have my daughter back . '' 
 i gave a start at those words . 
 maybe oberon would come through for me after all . 
 but mab 's gaze narrowed , and she stroked the handle of the scepter . 
 `` that sounds uncomfortably close to a threat , erlking . '' 
 `` merely a promise , my lady . '' 
 with mab still glaring at him , oberon deliberately turned his back on the winter queen and strode to the carriage . 
 a troll opened the door for him , and the erlking entered without a backward glance . 
 the driver shook the reins , and the summer entourage was off , growing smaller and smaller , until the darkness swallowed them up . 
 mab smiled . 
 `` summer is over , '' she announced in her raspy voice , raising her other arm as if to embrace her waiting subjects . 
 `` winter has come . 
 now , let the revel begin ! '' 
 the unseelie went berserk , howling , roaring and screaming into the night . 
 music started from somewhere , wild and dark , drums pounding out a fast , frenzied rhythm . 
 the fey swarmed together in a chaotic , writhing mass , leaping , howling and twirling madly , rejoicing in the coming of winter . 
 i did n't get into the party . 
 one , i was n't in the mood , and two , dancing with the winter fey did n't seem like such a great idea . 
 especially after i saw a group of drunk , glamour-high redcaps swarm a boggart and tear it limb from limb . 
 it was like a mosh pit from hell . 
 mostly i hung back in the shadows , trying to avoid notice and wondering if mab would think me rude if i retreated to my room . 
 looking at the frozen statues of humans and fey scattered throughout the courtyard , i decided not to risk it . 
 at least rowan was absent from the celebrations , or lurking somewhere i could n't see . 
 i had been bracing myself to fend off his advances all night . 
 ash was also mysteriously absent , which was both a relief and a disappointment . 
 i found myself searching for him , scouring the shadows and mobs of dancing fey , looking for a familiar tousled head or the glint of a silver eye . 
 stop that , i thought , when i realized what i was doing . 
 he 's not here . 
 and even if he was , what would you do ? 
 ask him to dance ? 
 he 's made what he thinks of you perfectly clear . 
 `` excuse me , princess . '' 
 for a moment , my heart leaped at the soft , deep voice . 
 the voice that could either be rowan 's or ash 's , they sounded so much alike . 
 bracing myself , i turned , but it was n't ash standing there . 
 thankfully , it was n't rowan , either . 
 it was the other brother , the oldest of the three . 
 sage . 
 dammit , he 's gorgeous also . 
 what was with this family , that all the sons were so freaking handsome it hurt to look at them ? 
 sage had his brothers ' pale face and high cheekbones , and his eyes were chips of green ice , peering out beneath slender brows . 
 long black hair rippled behind him , like a waterfall of ink . 
 his wolf sat a few paces away , watching me with intelligent golden eyes . 
 `` prince sage , '' i greeted warily , prepared to fend off another assault . 
 `` can i help you with anything , your highness ? '' 
 or did you just come to push yourself on me like rowan , or mock me like ash ? 
 `` i want to speak with you , '' the prince said without preamble . 
 `` alone . 
 will you walk with me a bit ? '' 
 this surprised me , though i still hesitated , wary . 
 `` where are we going ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` the throne room , '' sage replied , sweeping his gaze back to the palace . 
 `` it is my duty to guard the scepter this night , as only those with royal blood are allowed to touch it . 
 with all the chaos from the revel , it is best to keep the scepter away from the masses . 
 it could get messy otherwise . '' 
 when i paused , thinking , he shrugged a lean shoulder . 
 `` i will not force you , princess . 
 come with me or not , it makes no difference . 
 i merely wanted to speak to you without rowan , ash , or some phouka trying to eavesdrop on the conversation . '' 
 he waited patiently as i struggled for an answer . 
 i could refuse , but i was n't sure i wanted to . 
 sage seemed straightforward , almost businesslike . 
 different from his brothers . 
 he was n't making any attempt to be charming , but he was n't being condescending , either . 
 and unlike rowan , who oozed charm and malice , he was n't using glamour , and i think that 's finally what sold me . 
 `` all right , '' i decided , motioning with my hand . 
 `` i 'll talk with you . 
 lead the way . '' 
 he offered me his arm , which surprised me again . 
 after a moment 's hesitation , i took it , and we started off , his wolf trailing silently behind us . 
 he led me back into the palace , down empty halls swathed in ice and shadow . 
 all the unseelie fey were outside , dancing the night away . 
 my footsteps echoed loudly against the hard floors ; his and the wolf 's made no sound at all . 
 `` i 've seen you , '' sage murmured without looking at me . 
 he turned a corner , so smoothly i stumbled to keep pace . 
 `` i 've watched you with my brother . 
 and i want to warn you , you must n't trust him . '' 
 i almost laughed , the statement was so obvious . 
 `` which one ? '' 
 i asked bitterly . 
 `` either of them . '' 
 he pulled me down another corridor , one i recognized . 
 we were close to the throne room now . 
 sage pressed on without slowing . 
 `` you do not know the enmity between ash and rowan , how deep the rivalry goes . 
 especially on rowan 's part . 
 the jealousy he feels for his youngest brother is a dark poison , eating him from the inside , making him bitter and vengeful . 
 he has never forgiven ash for ariella 's death . '' 
 we entered the throne room in all its frigid , icy beauty . 
 sage released me and walked toward the throne , his wolf padding behind him . 
 i shivered , huddling deeper into my coat . 
 it was colder in here than it was outside . 
 `` but ash was n't responsible for ariella 's death , '' i said , rubbing my forearms . 
 `` that - '' i stopped , not wanting to say it out loud . 
 that was puck , who led them into danger . 
 who was responsible for the death of ash 's love . 
 sage did n't answer . 
 he had come to a stop a few feet beside mab 's icy throne , staring at something on the altar beside it . 
 a moment later , i realized that was the source of the ungodly chill in the room . 
 the scepter of the seasons hovered a few inches over the altar , washing the prince 's face in icy blue light . 
 `` beautiful , is n't it ? '' 
 he murmured , running his fingers over the frozen handle . 
 `` every year , i see it , and yet it never ceases to amaze me . '' 
 his eyes glittered ; he seemed to be in some sort of trance . 
 `` someday , if mab ever gets tired of being queen , it will be mine to accept , to rule with . 
 when that happens ... '' i did n't get to hear the rest , for at that moment , the wolf let out a long , low growl and bared its teeth . 
 sage whirled around . 
 in one smooth motion , he drew the sword at his waist . 
 i stared at it . 
 it was much like ash 's , straight and slender , the blade throwing off an icy blue aura . 
 i shivered , remembering what it was like to grasp that hilt , feel the awful cold bite into my skin . 
 and for a moment , i was terrified . 
 he 's going to kill me , that 's why he brought me here alone . 
 he was going to kill me all along . 
 `` how did you get in here ? '' 
 sage hissed . 
 i turned . 
 there , against the back wall , several dark forms melted out of the shadows . 
 four were thin and lanky , almost emaciated , their frames nothing but wires twisted together to form limbs and a body , resembling huge puppets as they skittered over the ground on all fours . 
 the wolf 's growls turned into snarls . 
 my heart turned over as another form stepped into the light , dressed in segmented metal armor emblazoned with a barbed-wire crown . 
 he wore a helmet , but the visor was up , showing a face as familiar to me as my own . 
 there was no mistaking that pale skin , those intense gray eyes . 
 ash 's face gazed out at me from under the helmet , his eyes as bleak as the winter sky . 
 chapter four the theft `` ash ? '' 
 sage muttered in disbelief . 
 i shook my head mutely , but the prince was n't looking at me . 
 the knight blinked , giving sage a solemn look . 
 `` i 'm afraid not , prince sage , '' he said , and i shivered at how much he sounded like his double . 
 `` your brother was simply the blueprint for my creation . '' 
 `` tertius , '' i whispered , and ash 's doppelganger gave me a pained smile . 
 the last time i 'd seen the iron knight was in machina 's tower just before it came crashing down . 
 i could n't imagine how he 'd survived . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 tertius 's gaze met mine , his eyes blank and dead , looking so much like ash 's it made my heart ache . 
 `` forgive me , princess , '' he murmured , and made a sweeping gesture with his arm . 
 with shrieks like knives scraping against each other , the iron faeries rushed me . 
 they were appallingly fast , scuttling gray blurs across the floor . 
 i had the absurd image of being ambushed by a swarm of metallic spiders before they were upon me . 
 the first attacker leaped up and slashed at my face with a twisted wire claw as sharp as any razor . 
 it met a gleaming blue sword instead , screeching off the blade in a volley of sparks , bringing tears to my eyes . 
 sage threw back one attacker and whirled to meet the next , ducking as wire talons slashed over his head . 
 the winter prince thrust out a palm , and a jagged ice spear surged out of the floor , stabbing toward the iron fey . 
 lightning fast , they dodged , leaping back and giving us time to retreat . 
 grabbing my wrist , sage yanked me behind the throne . 
 `` keep out of the way , '' he ordered , just as the faeries descended on us again , swarming over the chair and leaving deep gouges in the ice . 
 sage slashed at one , only to have it spring back . 
 another darted in from behind , lashing out with steel talons . 
 the prince dodged , but he did n't move fast enough , and a bright splash of blood colored the floor . 
 my stomach twisted as the prince staggered , swinging his blade in a desperate circle to keep the assassins back . 
 there were too many for him , and they were too quick . 
 frantically , i looked around for a weapon , but saw only the scepter , lying on the pedestal near the throne . 
 knowing i was probably breaking a dozen sacred rules , i lunged for the scepter and snatched it up by its frozen handle . 
 the cold seared my hands , burning them like acid . 
 i gasped and nearly dropped it , gritting my teeth against the pain . 
 sage stood in the middle of a slashing whirlwind , desperately trying to keep them back . 
 i saw lines of red on his face and chest . 
 trying to ignore the searing pain , i rushed up behind an iron fey , raised the scepter over my head and smashed it down on the faery 's spindly back . 
 it whirled with blinding speed . 
 i did n't even see the blow until it backhanded me across the face , making lights explode behind my eyes . 
 i flew back into a corner , striking my head on something hard and slumping to the floor . 
 the scepter dropped from my grasp and rolled away . 
 dazed , i watched the faery scuttle toward me but suddenly jerk to a stop , as if yanked by invisible strings . 
 ice covered its body , pushing up through the seams in the wire as the faery clawed at itself frantically . 
 wire-thin fingers snapped off , and the faery 's struggles slowed before it curled in on itself like a giant insect and stopped moving altogether . 
 i did n't have the breath to scream . 
 i tried pushing away from the wall , but everything spun violently and my stomach lurched . 
 i heard footsteps coming toward me and opened my eyes to see tertius bend down and take the scepter of the seasons . 
 `` do n't , '' i managed , trying to struggle to my feet . 
 the ground swayed , and i stumbled back . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 he observed me with solemn gray eyes . 
 `` following the orders of my king . '' 
 `` king ? '' 
 i struggled to focus . 
 everything seemed to be moving in slow motion . 
 a few feet away , sage and the assassins fought on . 
 the wolf had its jaws clamped around a faery 's leg , and sage pressed it unmercifully with his sword . 
 `` you do n't have a king anymore , '' i told tertius , feeling light-headed and numb . 
 `` machina is dead . '' 
 `` yes , but our realm endures . 
 i follow the commands of the new iron king , '' tertius murmured , drawing his sword . 
 i stared at the steel blade , hoping it would be quick . 
 `` i bear you no ill will , this time . 
 my orders do not include killing you . 
 but i must obey my lord . '' 
 and with that , tertius spun on his heel and marched away , still holding the scepter of the seasons . 
 it pulsed blue and white in his hands , coating his gauntlets with frost , but he did not fumble . 
 his face was grim as he strode up behind sage , still locked in battle with the assassins . 
 the wolf thrashed on the ground in a pool of blood , and sage 's breaths came in ragged gasps as he fought on alone . 
 in horror , i saw what tertius was going to do and screamed out a warning . 
 too late . 
 as sage cut viciously at one of the iron fey , he did n't see tertius looming behind him until the knight was right there . 
 aware of the danger at last , sage whirled , swinging his sword , cutting at tertius 's head . 
 the knight knocked the blade aside and , as sage staggered back , took one step forward and plunged his own sword through the winter prince 's chest . 
 time seemed to stop . 
 sage stood there a moment , a look of shock on his face , staring at the blade in his chest . 
 his own sword hit the ground with a ringing clang . 
 then tertius yanked the blade free , and i gasped . 
 sage crumpled to the floor , blood pooling from his chest and streaming onto the ice . 
 the assassins tensed to pounce on him , but tertius blocked them with his sword . 
 `` enough . 
 we have what we came for . 
 let 's go . '' 
 he flicked blood off the blade and sheathed it , his eyes moving to the corpse of the frozen assassin . 
 `` fetch your brother , quickly . 
 we can leave no evidence behind . '' 
 the iron fey scrambled to comply , lifting the dead faery onto their shoulders , careful not to touch the ice piercing its skin . 
 they even grabbed the pieces off the floor . 
 tertius turned to me , his gaze bleak , as darkness hovered on the edge of my vision . 
 `` farewell , meghan chase . 
 i hope we do not meet again . '' 
 he spun quickly to follow the assassins , marching out of my line of sight . 
 i turned my head to follow them , but they were already gone . 
 my head throbbed , and darkness threatened at the edges of my vision ; i took several deep breaths to drive it back . 
 i would not pass out now . 
 gradually , the churning blackness cleared , and i pulled myself upright , looking around . 
 the throne room had fallen silent again , except for the slow thudding of my heart , which sounded unnaturally loud in my ears . 
 blood flecked the walls and pooled along the floor , horribly vivid against the pale ice . 
 the altar that had held the scepter of the seasons lay empty and bare . 
 my gaze wandered to the two bodies still in the room with me . 
 sage lay on his back , his sword a few inches from his hand , gazing up at the ceiling , gasping . 
 a few feet away , the furry body of the wolf , gray fur streaked with blood , lay crumpled on the ice . 
 limping , i ran over to sage , passing the body of the poor wolf , sprawled out next to him . 
 the wolf 's jaws gaped open , and a tongue lolled out between bloody teeth . 
 it had died protecting its master , and i felt sick at the thought . 
 just as i reached sage , a shudder went through the prince 's body . 
 his head arced back , mouth gaping , and ice crawled up from his lips , spreading over his face , down his chest , and all the way to his feet . 
 he stiffened as the air chilled around us , the ice making sharp crinkling sounds as it encased the prince in a crystal cocoon . 
 no . 
 i looked closer , and realized sage 's body was turning to ice . 
 his clawed fingers flexed , losing their color , becoming hard and clear . 
 his thumb abruptly snapped off and shattered on the floor . 
 i put both hands to my mouth to keep from screaming . 
 or vomiting . 
 sage gave a final jerk and was still , a cold , hard statue where a live body had been a moment before . 
 the oldest son of the winter court was dead . 
 and that 's how tiaothin found us a moment later . 
 later , i did n't recall much of that moment , but i did remember the phouka 's screech of horror and fury as she fled to tell the rest of the court . 
 i heard her shrill voice echoing down the corridor , and knew i should probably move , but i was cold , numb to all feeling . 
 i did n't leave the prince 's side until rowan swept in with a platoon of guards , who pounced on me with angry cries . 
 rough hands grabbed me by the arms and hair , dragging me away from sage 's body , oblivious to my protests and cries of pain . 
 i shouted at rowan to tell him what had happened , but he was n't looking at me . 
 behind him , unseelie fey crowded into the room , and roars of fury and outrage filled the chamber when they saw the dead prince . 
 fey were screaming and crying , tearing at themselves and each other , demanding vengeance and blood . 
 dazed , i realized the unseelie were outraged at the murder of a winter prince in their own territory . 
 that someone had dared slip in and kill one of their own , right under their noses . 
 there was no sorrow or remorse for the prince himself , only fury and demands for revenge at the audacity of it . 
 i wondered if anyone would truly miss the eldest prince of winter . 
 rowan stood over sage 's body , his expression eerily blank as he stared down at his brother . 
 amid the roars and cries of the fey around us , he regarded his sibling with the curiosity one might show a dead bird on the sidewalk . 
 it made my skin crawl . 
 silence fell over the room , and a chill descended like an icy blanket . 
 i twisted in my captor 's grasp and saw mab standing in the doorway , her gaze locked on sage 's body . 
 everyone backed away as she entered the throne room . 
 you could hear a pin drop as the queen walked up to sage 's body , bending down to touch his cold , frozen cheek . 
 i shivered , for the temperature was still dropping . 
 even some of the winter fey looked uncomfortable as new icicles formed on the ceiling and frost crept over skin and fur . 
 mab was still bent over sage , her expression unreadable , but her mulberry lips parted and mouthed a single word . 
 `` oberon . '' 
 then she screamed , and the world shattered . 
 icicles exploded , flying outward like crystallized shrapnel , pelting everyone with glittering shards . 
 the walls and floor cracked , and fey screeched as they disappeared into the gaping holes . 
 `` oberon ! '' 
 mab raged again , whirling around with a terrifying , crazy look in her eyes . 
 `` he did this ! 
 this is his revenge ! 
 oh , summer will pay ! 
 they will pay until they are screaming for mercy , but they will find no pity among the winter court ! 
 we will repay this heinous act in kind , my subjects ! 
 prepare for war ! '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 my voice was drowned out in the roar that went up from the unseelie fey . 
 twisting out of my captor 's grip , i staggered into the middle of the room . 
 `` queen mab , '' i gasped , as mab swung the full brunt of her terrible gaze on me . 
 madness warred with the fury in her eyes , and i shrank back in terror . 
 `` please , listen to me ! 
 oberon did n't do this ! 
 the summer court did n't kill sage , it was the iron king . 
 the iron fey did this ! '' 
 `` be silent ! '' 
 hissed the queen , baring her teeth . 
 `` i will not listen to your pathetic attempts to protect your wretched family , not when the summer king threatened me in my own court . 
 your sire has murdered my son , and you will be silent , or i will forget myself and give him an eye for an eye ! '' 
 `` but , it 's true ! '' 
 i insisted , though my brain was screaming at me to shut up . 
 i glanced around desperately and spotted rowan , looking on with a faint smile . 
 ash would back me up , but ash , as usual , was n't here when i needed him . 
 `` rowan , please . 
 help me out . 
 i 'm not lying , you know i 'm not . '' 
 he regarded me with a solemn expression , and for a moment i really thought he would come through , before a corner of his mouth curled nastily . 
 `` it is n't nice to deceive the queen , princess , '' he said , looking grim apart from the sneer in his eyes . 
 `` if these iron fey were a threat , we would have seen them by now , do n't you think ? '' 
 `` but they do exist ! '' 
 i cried , on the verge of panic now . 
 `` i 've seen them , and they are a threat ! '' 
 i turned back to mab . 
 `` what about the huge , fire-breathing iron horse that almost killed your son ? 
 you do n't think that 's a threat ? 
 call ash , '' i said . 
 `` he was there when we fought ironhorse and machina . 
 he 'll back me up . '' 
 `` enough ! '' 
 mab screeched , whirling on me . 
 `` half-breed , you go too far ! 
 your line has already robbed me of a son , and you will not touch another ! 
 i know you seek to turn my youngest against me with your blasphemous claims of love , and i will not have it ! '' 
 she pointed a manicured nail at me , and a flare of blue-white shot between us as i stumbled back . 
 `` you will be silent , once and for all ! '' 
 something gripped my feet , holding them fast . 
 i looked down to see ice creeping up my legs , moving faster than i 'd seen before . 
 in the space of a blink , it had flowed up my waist and continued over my stomach and chest . 
 icy needles stabbed my skin as i wrapped my arms around myself , just before they were frozen to my chest . 
 and still , the ice came on , creeping up my neck , burning my chin . 
 panic gripped me as it covered my lower jaw , and i screamed as ice flooded my mouth . 
 before i could suck in another breath , it covered my nose , my cheekbones , my eyes , and finally reached the top of my head . 
 i could n't move . 
 i could n't breathe . 
 my lungs burned for air , but my mouth and nose were filled with ice . 
 i was drowning , suffocating , and my skin felt like it was being peeled away by the cold . 
 i wanted to pass out , i longed for darkness to take me , but though i could n't breathe and my lungs screamed for oxygen , i did n't die . 
 beyond the wall of ice , everything had fallen silent . 
 mab stood before me , her expression torn between triumph and hate . 
 she turned back to her subjects , who watched her with wary eyes , as if she might lash out at them , too . 
 `` make ready , my subjects ! '' 
 the queen rasped , raising her arms . 
 `` the war with summer starts now ! '' 
 another roar , and the minions of the unseelie court scattered , leaving the room with raucous battle cries . 
 mab spared me one more glance over her shoulder , her lips curling into a snarl before she walked out . 
 rowan stared at me a moment longer , snickered , and followed his queen from the room . 
 silence fell , and i was left alone , dying but unable to die . 
 when you ca n't breathe , each second feels like an eternity . 
 my entire existence shrank into trying to draw air into my lungs . 
 though my head knew it was impossible , my body could n't understand . 
 i could feel my heart thudding laboriously against my ribs ; i could feel the hideous chill of the ice , searing my skin . 
 my body knew it was still alive and continued its fight to live . 
 i do n't know how long i stood there , hours or only a few minutes , when a shadowy figure slipped into the room . 
 though i could still see out , the ice made everything cracked and distorted , so i could n't tell who it was . 
 the shadow hesitated in the doorway , watching me for a long moment . 
 then , quickly , it glided across the room until it stood next to my prison , laying a pale hand against the ice . 
 `` meghan , '' a voice whispered . 
 `` it 's me . '' 
 even through my air-starved delirium , my heart leaped . 
 ash 's silvery eyes peered through the wall separating us , as bright and soulful as ever . 
 the torment on his face shocked me , as if he were the one trapped and unable to breathe . 
 `` hang on , '' he murmured , pressing his forehead to mine through the wall . 
 `` i 'm getting you out of there . '' 
 he leaned back , both hands against the ice , and closed his eyes . 
 the air began to vibrate ; a tremor shook the walls around me , and tiny cracks spider-webbed through the ice . 
 with the sound of breaking glass , the prison shattered , shards flying outward but somehow leaving me unscathed . 
 my legs buckled and i fell , choking and coughing , vomiting up water and ice shards . 
 ash knelt beside me and i clung to him , gasping air into my starved lungs , feeling the world spin around me . 
 somehow , through the dizzying rush of air , the relief at being able to breathe again , i noticed that ash was holding me , too . 
 his arms were locked around my shoulders , pressing me to his chest , his cheek resting against my wet hair . 
 i heard his rapid heartbeat , pounding against my ear , and strangely , that calmed me down a little . 
 the moment ended too soon . 
 ash pulled away , dropping his black coat around my shoulders . 
 i clutched at it gratefully , shivering . 
 `` can you walk ? '' 
 he whispered , and his voice was urgent . 
 `` we have to get out of here , now . '' 
 `` w-where are we g-going ? '' 
 i asked , my teeth chattering . 
 he did n't answer , only pulled me to my feet , his gaze darting about warily . 
 grabbing my wrist , he started leading me from the room . 
 `` ash , '' i panted , `` wait ! '' 
 he did n't slow down . 
 my nerves jangled a warning . 
 with all my strength , i stopped dead in the middle of the floor and yanked my hand out of his grip . 
 he whirled , eyes narrowing to slits , and i remembered all the things he 'd said to rowan , that everything he 'd done was in service to his queen . 
 i quickly backed out of his reach . 
 `` where are you taking me ? '' 
 i demanded . 
 he looked impatient , stabbing his fingers through his hair in an uncharacteristically nervous gesture . 
 `` back to seelie territory , '' he snapped , reaching for me again . 
 `` you ca n't be here now , not when a war is about to start . 
 i 'll get you safely over to your side and then i 'm done with this . '' 
 it felt as if he 'd slapped me . 
 fear and anger flared , making me stupid , making me want to hurt him all over again . 
 `` why should i trust you ? '' 
 i snarled , throwing the words at him like stones . 
 i was completely aware that i was being an idiot , that we needed to get out of there before anyone saw us , but it was like i 'd eaten spill-your-guts again , and words just kept pouring out . 
 `` you 've misled me from the beginning . 
 everything you said , everything we did , that was all a ploy to bring me here . 
 you set me up from the very start . '' 
 `` meghan - '' `` shut up ! 
 i hate you ! '' 
 i was on a roll now , and had the vindictive pleasure of seeing ash flinch as if i 'd struck him . 
 `` you 're a real piece of work , you know ? 
 is this a game you like to play ? 
 make the stupid human girl fall for you and then laugh as you rip her heart out ? 
 you knew what rowan was doing , and you did n't do anything to stop it ! '' 
 `` of course not ! '' 
 ash snarled back , his vehemence startling me into silence . 
 `` do you know what rowan would do if he found out ... what we did ? 
 do you know what mab would do ? 
 i had to make them believe i did n't care , or they would 've torn you apart . '' 
 he sighed wearily , giving me a solemn look . 
 `` emotions are a weakness here , meghan . 
 and the winter court preys on the weak . 
 they would 've hurt you to get to me . 
 now , come on . '' 
 he reached for me again , and i let him take my hand without protest . 
 `` let 's get out of here before it 's too late . '' 
 `` i 'm afraid it 's already too late , '' drawled a snide , familiar voice , making my heart stop . 
 ash jerked to a halt , yanking me behind him , as rowan stepped out of the hallway , grinning like a cat . 
 `` i 'm afraid your time just ran out . '' 
 chapter five brothers `` hello , ash . '' 
 the older prince smiled gleefully as he sauntered into the room . 
 his gaze met mine , and he raised a sardonic eyebrow . 
 `` and what , may i ask , are you doing with the half-breed ? 
 could it be you 're actually helping her escape ? 
 oh dear , what a dreadfully treasonous idea you 've come up with . 
 i 'm sure mab will be quite disappointed in you . '' 
 ash said nothing , but his hand on mine clenched tight . 
 rowan chuckled , circling us like a hungry shark . 
 ash moved with him , keeping his body between me and rowan . 
 `` so , little brother , '' the older prince mused , adopting an inquisitive expression , `` i 'm curious . 
 what made you risk everything for our wayward princess here ? '' 
 ash said nothing , and rowan tsked . 
 `` do n't be stubborn , little brother . 
 you might as well tell me , before mab tears you limb from limb and banishes you from tir na nog . 
 what is the price of such loyal obedience ? 
 a contract ? 
 a promise ? 
 what is the little harlot giving you to betray your entire court ? '' 
 `` nothing . '' 
 ash 's voice was cold , but i caught the faintest tremor below the surface . 
 rowan apparently did as well , for his eyebrows shot up and he gaped at his brother , before throwing back his head with a wild laugh . 
 `` i ca n't believe it , '' rowan gasped , staring at ash in disbelief . 
 `` you 're in love with the summer whelp ! '' 
 he paused and , when ash did n't deny it , collapsed into shrieking laughter again . 
 `` oh , this is rich . 
 this is too perfect . 
 i thought the half-breed was a fool , pining for the unattainable ice prince , but it seems i was wrong . 
 ash , you 've been holding out on us . '' 
 ash trembled , but he did n't release my hand . 
 `` i 'm taking her back to arcadia . 
 get out of our way , rowan . '' 
 rowan sobered immediately . 
 `` oh , i do n't think so , little brother . '' 
 he smiled , but it was a cruel thing , sharp as the edge of a blade . 
 `` when mab finds out , you 'll both be decorating the courtyard . 
 if she 's feeling merciful , maybe she 'll freeze you two together . 
 that would be tragically fitting , do n't you think ? '' 
 i shuddered . 
 the thought of returning to that cold , airless , living death was too much . 
 i could n't do it ; i 'd rather die first . 
 and the thought of ash having to endure it with me for hundreds of years was even more horrifying . 
 i squeezed ash 's hand and pressed my face into his shoulder , glaring at rowan for all i was worth . 
 `` of course , '' rowan went on , scratching the side of his face , `` you could always beg forgiveness , drag the half-breed to the queen , and still be in mab 's favor . 
 in fact , '' he continued , snapping his fingers , `` if you go to mab right now and turn over the princess , i 'll even keep my mouth shut about what i saw here . 
 she wo n't hear a peep out of me , i swear . '' 
 ash went rock still ; i could feel muscles coiling beneath his skin , the tension lining his back . 
 `` come on , little brother . '' 
 rowan leaned against the door frame and crossed his arms . 
 `` you know it 's for the best . 
 there are only two choices here . 
 hand over the princess , or die with her . '' 
 ash finally moved , as if coming out of a trance . 
 `` no , '' he whispered , and i heard the pain in his voice as he came to some terrible decision . 
 `` there is one more . '' 
 releasing my hand , he took one deliberate step forward and drew his sword . 
 rowan 's eyebrows shot up as ash pointed his blade at him , a cold mist writhing along its edge . 
 for a moment , there was absolute silence . 
 `` get out of the way , rowan , '' ash growled . 
 `` move , or i 'll kill you . '' 
 rowan 's face changed . 
 in one instant , it went from arrogant , condescending and evilly smug , to something completely alien and terrifying . 
 he pushed himself from the archway , his eyes gleaming with predatory hunger , and slowly drew his sword . 
 it sent a raspy shiver echoing across the hall as it came into view , the blade thin and serrated like the edge of a shark 's tooth . 
 `` you sure about this , little brother ? '' 
 rowan crooned , flourishing his weapon as he stepped up to meet ash . 
 `` will you betray everything-your court , your queen , your own blood-for her ? 
 you ca n't change your mind once you start down this path . '' 
 `` meghan , '' ash said , his voice so soft i nearly lost it . 
 `` get back . 
 do n't try to help me . '' 
 `` ash ... '' i wanted to say something . 
 i knew i should stop this , this fight between brothers , but at the same time i knew rowan would never let us go . 
 ash knew it , too , and i could see the reluctance in his eyes as he steeled himself for battle . 
 he did n't want to fight his brother , but he would ... for me . 
 they faced each other across the icy room , two statues each waiting for the other to make the first move . 
 ash had taken a battle stance , his sword out in front of him , his expression reluctant but unwavering . 
 rowan held his blade casually at his side , tip pointing toward the floor , smirking at his opponent . 
 neither of them seemed to breathe . 
 then rowan grinned , a predator baring his fangs . 
 `` all right , then , '' he muttered , sweeping up his blade in a blindingly quick move . 
 `` i think i 'm going to enjoy this . '' 
 he lunged at ash , his sword a jagged blur through the air . 
 ash brought his weapon up , and icy sparks flew as the blades screeched against each other . 
 snarling , rowan cut viciously at his brother , advancing with a series of savage head strikes . 
 ash blocked , ducked , and suddenly lunged , stabbing at rowan 's throat . 
 but rowan spun gracefully aside , his sword licking out and back again . 
 ash whirled with inhuman speed , and would 've cut him in two if the older prince had n't leaped back . 
 smiling , rowan raised his weapon , and i gasped . 
 the gleaming point was smeared with crimson . 
 `` first blood to me , little brother , '' he taunted , as a trickle of red began to drip from ash 's sword arm , speckling the floor . 
 `` there 's still time to stop this . 
 turn over the princess and beg for mab 's mercy . 
 and mine . '' 
 `` you have no mercy , rowan , '' ash growled , and lunged at him again . 
 this time , they both moved so quickly , twisting , jumping , spinning aside and slashing with their blades , it was hard to see it as anything but a beautifully timed dance . 
 in fast-forward . 
 sparks flew , and the sound of blades clashing echoed off the walls . 
 blood appeared on both swords , and red splattered the floor around the combatants , but i could n't see who had the advantage . 
 rowan suddenly knocked ash 's blade aside , then thrust out his hand , sending a jagged spear of ice at his brother 's face . 
 ash threw himself backward to avoid it , hitting the floor and rolling to his knees . 
 as rowan brought his sword down at his kneeling opponent and i screamed in fear , ash ducked aside , letting the blade miss him by centimeters . 
 grabbing rowan 's arm , letting his brother 's momentum carry him forward , ash spun and threw him to the floor . 
 rowan 's head struck the ice , and i heard the breath leave his body in a startled whoof . 
 quick as a snake , rowan flipped over , sword in hand , but by that time , ash had his blade at his throat . 
 rowan glared at his brother , his face twisted into a mask of pain and hate . 
 both were panting , dripping blood from numerous wounds , yet ash 's grip was steady as he pressed the blade against rowan 's neck . 
 the older prince chuckled , raised his head and spit blood in ash 's face . 
 `` go on then , little brother , '' he challenged , as ash winced but did n't shy away . 
 `` do it . 
 you 've betrayed your queen , sided with the enemy , drawn a sword against your own brother ... you might as well add slaughtering your family to the list as well . 
 then you can run off with the half-breed and live out your sordid fantasy . 
 i wonder how ariella would feel , if she knew how easily she 's been replaced . '' 
 `` do n't talk about her ! '' 
 ash snarled , raising the hilt as if he really would thrust the sword through rowan 's throat . 
 `` ariella is gone . 
 not a day goes by that i do n't think of her , but she 's gone , and there 's nothing i can do about it . '' 
 he took a deep breath to calm himself , the longing on his face plain to see . 
 a lump caught in my throat , and i turned away , blinking back tears . 
 no matter how much i loved this dark , beautiful prince , i could never match what he 'd already lost . 
 rowan sneered , narrowing his eyes . 
 `` ariella was too good for you , '' he hissed , raising himself up on his elbows . 
 `` you failed her . 
 if you 'd really loved her , she would still be here . '' 
 ash flinched , as if struck a physical blow , and rowan pressed his advantage . 
 `` you never saw what a good thing you had , '' he continued , sitting up as ash backed away a step . 
 `` she 's dead because of you , because you could n't protect her ! 
 and now you disgrace her memory with this half-breed abomination . '' 
 pale , ash glanced at me , and i saw rowan 's arm move a second too late . 
 `` ash ! '' 
 i cried , as the older prince leaped up and lunged with frightening speed . 
 `` look out ! '' 
 ash was already moving , the honed reflexes of a fighter kicking in even when his mind was elsewhere . 
 leaping back , his sword came up as rowan slashed at him with a dagger that appeared from nowhere , and rowan 's lunge carried him right onto the point of ash 's blade . 
 both brothers froze , and i bit down a scream . 
 for a moment , everything ground to an abrupt halt , frozen in time . 
 rowan blinked and looked down at the blade in his stomach , his eyes wide and confused . 
 ash was staring at his hand in horror . 
 then rowan staggered back , dropping the knife and leaning against a wall , his arms around his gut . 
 blood streamed between his hands , staining the white fabric crimson . 
 `` congratulations ... little brother . '' 
 his voice came out choked , though his eyes were clear as he nodded at ash , still frozen in shock . 
 `` you finally ... managed to kill me . '' 
 pounding footsteps echoed in the hall , and faint shouts carried into the throne room . 
 i wrenched my eyes from rowan 's bloody form and ran to ash , who was still staring at his brother in a horrified daze . 
 `` ash ! '' 
 i grabbed his arm , snapping him out of his trance . 
 `` someone 's coming ! '' 
 `` yes , run away with ... your half-breed , ash . '' 
 rowan coughed , a line of blood trickling from his mouth . 
 `` before mab comes in ... and sees that her last son is dead to her . 
 i do n't think you can do anything more ... to betray your court . '' 
 the voices were getting louder . 
 ash shot rowan one last guilty , agonized look , then grabbed my wrist and ran for the door . 
 i do n't remember how we made it out . 
 ash pulled me along like a madman , running through hallways i did n't recognize . 
 it was a miracle we did n't run into anyone , as footsteps and sounds of pursuit echoed all around us . 
 maybe it was n't coincidence at all , as ash seemed to know exactly where he was going . 
 twice , he yanked me into a corner and pressed his body up against mine , whispering at me to be silent and not move . 
 i froze as a gang of redcaps skittered past , snarling and waving knives at one another , but they did n't notice us . 
 the second time , a pale woman in a bloody dress floated by , and my heart thudded so loudly i was sure she would hear , but she drifted past without seeing . 
 we fled down a cold , empty corridor with icicles growing from the ceiling like chandeliers , flickering with a soft blue light . 
 ash finally pulled me through a door with the silhouette of a bone-white tree emblazoned on the front . 
 the room beyond was rather small and sparsely decorated with a tall bookshelf , a dresser made of polished black wood , and an impressive knife collection on the far wall . 
 a simple bed sat in the corner , the blankets pulled tight , looking as if it had n't been used in decades . 
 everything looked exceptionally clean , neat and spartan , not like a prince 's bedroom at all . 
 ash sighed and finally released me , leaning against the wall with his head back . 
 blood soaked his shirt , leaving dark stains against the black material , and my stomach turned . 
 `` we should clean those , '' i said . 
 `` where do you keep the bandages ? '' 
 ash looked right through me , his eyes glassy and blank . 
 the shock was taking a toll on him . 
 i bit down my fear and faced him , trying to sound calm and reasonable . 
 `` ash , do you have any rags or towels lying around ? 
 something to stop the bleeding ? '' 
 he stared at me a moment , then shook himself and nodded to the corner . 
 `` dresser , '' he muttered , sounding more weary than i 'd ever heard him . 
 `` there 's a jar of salve in the top drawer . 
 she kept it ... for emergencies ... '' i did n't know what he meant by that , but i walked over to the dresser and yanked open the top drawer . 
 it held an assortment of weird things : dead flowers , a blue silk ribbon , a glass dagger with an intricately carved bone handle . 
 i rummaged around and found a jar of herb-scented cream , nearly empty , sitting on an old , bloodstained cloth . 
 in the corner sat a roll of what looked like gauze made of spiderwebs . 
 as i pulled them out , a thin silver chain came with the gauze and slithered to the floor . 
 bending down to pick it up , i saw two rings attached to the links , one large and one small , and what ash said finally sank in . 
 this-this drawer full of odds and ends-was ariella 's , where ash kept all his memories of her . 
 the dagger was hers , the ribbon was hers . 
 the rings , exquisitely designed with tiny leaves etched in silver and gold , were a matching set . 
 i replaced the chain and shut the drawer , a cold knot settling in my stomach . 
 if i ever needed proof that ash still loved ariella , here it was . 
 my eyes stung , and i blinked them angrily . 
 now was not the time for a jealous tantrum . 
 i turned and found ash watching me , his eyes dull and bleak . 
 i took a deep breath . 
 `` um , i think you 'll have to take off your shirt , '' i whispered . 
 he complied , pushing himself away from the wall , leaving a smear of red . 
 removing his tattered shirt , he tossed it on the floor and turned back to me . 
 i tried hard not to stare at the lean , muscular chest , though my mouth went dry and my face burned crimson . 
 `` should i sit ? '' 
 he muttered , helping me along . 
 gratefully , i nodded . 
 he moved to the bed , easing himself down on the mattress with his back to me . 
 the wounds on his shoulder and ribs seeped crimson against his pale skin . 
 you can do this , meghan . 
 carefully , i moved up behind him , shuddering at the long , jagged cuts across his flesh . 
 there was so much blood . 
 i dabbed at it gingerly , not wanting to hurt him , but he did n't make a sound . 
 when the blood was gone , i dipped two fingers in the salve and touched it lightly to the gash on his shoulder . 
 he made a small noise , like an exhalation of breath , and slumped forward , head down and hair covering his eyes . 
 `` do n't worry about hurting me , '' he muttered without looking up . 
 `` i 'm ... fairly used to this . '' 
 i nodded and applied more salve to the wound , liberally this time . 
 he did n't flinch , though his shoulders were taut and rigid beneath my fingertips ; i could feel the tight coil of muscles beneath my hands . 
 i wondered if ariella used to do this for him , in this very bedroom , patching him up whenever he was hurt . 
 judging from the pale scars across his back , this was n't the first time he 'd been wounded in a deadly fight . 
 had she felt the same as me , angry and terrified whenever ash put himself in mortal danger ? 
 my eyes grew blurry . 
 i tried blinking , but it was no use . 
 retrieving the gauze , i wrapped it around his shoulder , biting my lip to keep silent as tears streamed down my face . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 he had n't moved , and his voice was so soft i barely heard it , but i still almost dropped the gauze . 
 tying it off , i did n't answer as i went to work on his ribs , winding the bandages around his waist . 
 ash sat perfectly still , barely breathing . 
 a teardrop fell from my chin to land on his back , and he flinched . 
 `` meghan ? '' 
 `` why are you apologizing ? '' 
 my voice came out shakier than i wanted it to , and i swallowed hard . 
 `` you already told me why you were being a bastard . 
 you had to protect me from your family and the winter court . 
 they were perfectly good reasons . '' 
 not that i 'm bitter or anything . 
 `` i did n't want to hurt you . '' 
 ash 's voice was still soft , hesitant . 
 `` i thought that if i could make you hate me , it would be easier when you returned to your world . '' 
 he paused , and his next words were almost a whisper . 
 `` what i said in the courtyard ... rowan would have tormented you even more if he knew . '' 
 i finished binding his ribs and pulled the wrappings tight around his waist . 
 my eyes still streamed , but they were different tears now . 
 i did n't miss the subtle phrasing : when you return to your world . 
 not if . 
 when . 
 as though he knew i would go back someday , and we would never see each other again . 
 still silent , i picked up the jar and returned it to the dresser . 
 i did n't want to face him now . 
 i did n't want to think that he could be gone from my life forever , vanishing back into a world where i could n't follow . 
 `` meghan . '' 
 ash turned and grabbed my hand , sending tingles up my arm . 
 against my will , i looked down at him . 
 his face was desolate , his eyes pleading for understanding . 
 `` i ca n't ... have feelings for you , '' he murmured , tearing a hole right through my heart . 
 `` not in the way you want . 
 whatever happens , mab is still my queen , and the winter court is my home . 
 what happened in machina 's realm ... '' his brow knitted , and his expression darkened with pain . 
 `` we have to forget that , and move on . 
 once i take you to arcadia 's borders and you 're safe with oberon , you wo n't see me again . '' 
 the pain in my heart became a sick and fiery gnawing . 
 i stared at him , hoping he would take it back , tell me he was kidding . 
 he withdrew his hand and stood , facing me with a deeply sorrowful expression . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' he murmured again , avoiding my eyes . 
 `` it 's ... better this way . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 i shook my head as he drew away , brushing past me . 
 i whirled to follow him , reaching for his arm , missing . 
 `` ash , wait - '' `` do n't make this harder . '' 
 he opened his closet and pulled out a tight gray shirt , shrugging into it with barely a wince . 
 `` i. . . 
 killed rowan . '' 
 he closed his eyes , struggling with the memory . 
 `` i 'm a kinslayer . 
 there 's nothing left in my future now , so be glad you wo n't be around to see what happens . '' 
 `` what will you do ? '' 
 he grimaced . 
 `` return to court . 
 try to forget . '' 
 reaching into the closet , he pulled out a long black coat crossed with silver chains and drew it over his shoulders . 
 `` throw myself on mab 's mercy and hope she does n't kill me . '' 
 `` you ca n't ! '' 
 he faced me fully , the coat swirling around him . 
 just like that , he became something cold and remote , a deadly beautiful faery , unearthly and unreachable . 
 `` do n't get involved in fey politics , meghan , '' he said darkly , shutting the closet door . 
 `` mab will find me , no matter what i do or how far i run . 
 and with the war approaching , winter will need every soldier it can get . 
 until summer returns the scepter , mab will be relentless . '' 
 he turned away , but mention of the war reminded me of something else . 
 `` the scepter . 
 ash , wait ! '' 
 i grabbed his sleeve , ignoring the way he went perfectly still . 
 `` it was n't the summer court ! '' 
 i blurted before he could say anything . 
 `` it was the iron fey . 
 i saw them . '' 
 he frowned , and i leaned forward , willing him to believe me . 
 `` it was tertius , ash . 
 tertius killed sage . '' 
 he stared at me blankly for a moment , and i held my breath , watching his expression . 
 out of everyone in the winter court , ash was the only one to actually see the iron fey . 
 if he did n't believe me , i did n't have a chance of convincing anyone else . 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 he murmured after a few seconds . 
 relief flooded me , and i nodded vigorously . 
 `` why ? 
 why would the iron fey steal the scepter ? 
 how did they even get inside ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 maybe they want its power ? 
 or maybe they took it to start a war between the courts . 
 they accomplished that much at least . '' 
 `` i have to tell the queen . '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 i moved to block him , and he glared at me . 
 `` ash , she wo n't believe you , '' i said desperately . 
 `` i tried to tell her , and she turned me into an icicle . 
 she 's convinced it 's oberon 's doing . '' 
 `` she 'll listen to me . '' 
 `` are you sure ? 
 with everything you 've done ? 
 will she listen to you after you saved me and killed rowan ? '' 
 his expression darkened , and i ignored the guilt stabbing holes in my chest . 
 `` we have to go after them , '' i whispered , suddenly sure of what we had to do . 
 `` we have to find tertius and get the scepter back . 
 it 's the only way to stop the war . 
 mab will have to believe us then , right ? '' 
 ash hesitated . 
 for a moment , he looked terribly unsure , balanced between me and duty to his queen . 
 he raked a hand through his hair , and i saw the indecision in his eyes . 
 but before he could reply , a sudden scratching on his door made us both jump . 
 we exchanged a glance . 
 drawing his sword and motioning me back , ash strode to the door and warily cracked it open . 
 there was a streak of dark fur , and a cat darted through the opening . 
 i yelped in surprise . 
 ash sheathed his blade . 
 `` tiaothin , '' he muttered , as the phouka shed the feline form for her more human one . 
 `` what 's happening out there ? 
 what 's going on ? '' 
 the phouka grinned at him , slitted eyes bright and eager . 
 `` the soldiers are everywhere , '' she announced , twitching her tail . 
 `` they 've sealed all doors into and out of the palace , and everyone is looking for you and the half-breed . '' 
 she spared me a glance and chuckled . 
 `` mab is pissed . 
 you should go now , if you 're going . 
 the elite guard are on their way right now . '' 
 i looked to ash , pleading . 
 he glanced at me , then back to the door , his expression torn . 
 then , he shook his head as if he could n't believe he was doing this . 
 `` this way , '' he snapped , yanking open the closet . 
 `` inside , now . '' 
 i crossed the threshold into the small , dark space and looked back for ash . 
 he paused at the frame , glancing at the phouka dancing in the middle of the room . 
 `` lie low after this , tiaothin , '' he warned . 
 `` stay out of mab 's way for a while . 
 got it ? '' 
 the phouka grinned , mischief written on every inch of her smile . 
 `` and what fun would that be ? '' 
 she said , sticking out her tongue . 
 before ash could argue , her ears twitched backward and she jerked her head up . 
 `` they 're almost here . 
 go , i 'll lead them away . 
 no one does a wild-goose chase better than a phouka . '' 
 and before we could stop her , she ran to the door , flung it open and leaned into the hall . 
 `` the prince ! '' 
 she screeched , her shrill voice echoing down the corridor . 
 `` the prince and the half-breed ! 
 i saw them ! 
 follow me ! '' 
 we ducked into the closet as the sound of booted feet thundered past the door , following tiaothin as she led them away . 
 ash sighed , raking a hand through his hair . 
 `` idiot phouka , '' he muttered . 
 `` will she be all right ? '' 
 ash snorted . 
 `` tiaothin can handle herself better than anyone i know . 
 that 's why i asked her to keep an eye on you . '' 
 so that 's why the phouka was so interested . 
 `` i did n't need babysitting , '' i said , both annoyed and thrilled that he 'd thought to look out for me when he could n't be there . 
 ash ignored me . 
 putting a hand to the wall , he closed his eyes and muttered several strange , unfamiliar words under his breath . 
 a thin rectangle of light appeared , and ash pulled open another door , bathing the room in pale light and revealing an icy staircase plunging into darkness . 
 `` come on . '' 
 he turned to me and held out a hand . 
 `` this will take us out of the palace , but we have to hurry before it disappears . '' 
 behind us , a roar of discovery echoed through the hall , as something poked its head in the room and bellowed for its friends . 
 i grabbed ash 's hand , and we fled into the darkness . 
 chapter six the goblin market i followed ash down the glittering staircase and through a narrow corridor studded with leering gargoyles and flickering blue torches . 
 we did n't speak ; the only sounds were our footsteps echoing off the stones and my ragged breathing . 
 several times , the tunnel split off in different directions , but ash always chose a path without hesitation . 
 i was glad for the long winter coat around my shoulders ; the temperature here was frigid , and my breath clouded the air as we ran , listening for sounds of pursuit . 
 the passage abruptly dead-ended , a solid wall of ice blocking our path . 
 i wondered if we 'd taken a wrong turn , but ash released me and walked forward , placing one hand against the ice . 
 with sharp , crinkly sounds , it parted under his fingers , until another tunnel stretched away before us , ending in open air . 
 ash turned to me . 
 `` stay close , '' he murmured , making a quick gesture with his hand . 
 i felt the tingle of glamour as it settled over me like a cloak . 
 `` do n't talk to anyone , do n't make eye contact , and do n't attract any attention . 
 with that glamour , no one will notice you , but it will break if you make a noise or catch someone 's eye . 
 just keep your head down and follow me . '' 
 i tried . 
 the problem was , it was difficult not to notice anything beyond the castle walls . 
 the beautiful , twisted city of the unseelie fey rose up around me , towering spires of ice and stone , houses made of petrified roots , caves with icicles dangling from the openings like teeth . 
 i followed ash down narrow alleys with eyes peering out from under rocks and shadows , through tunnels that sparkled with millions of tiny crystals , and down streets lined with bone-white trees that glowed with sickly luminance . 
 and of course , the unseelie were out in droves tonight . 
 the streets were lit up with will-o ' - the-wisps and corpse candles , and swarms of winter fey danced , drank and howled at the top of their lungs , their voices echoing off the stones . 
 i remembered the wild revel in the courtyard , and realized the unseelie were still celebrating the official arrival of winter . 
 we skirted the edges of the crowds , trying to avoid notice as the winter fey whirled and spun around us . 
 music rang through the night , dark and seductive , stirring the mob into frenzies . 
 more than once , the dancing turned into a bloodbath as some unfortunate faery vanished under a pile of shrieking revelers and was torn apart . 
 trembling , i kept my head down and my eyes on ash 's shoulders as we wove our way through the screaming throngs . 
 ash grabbed me and pulled me into an alley , his glare warning me to be silent . 
 a moment later , a pair of knights cantered into the crowd on huge black horses with glowing blue eyes , scattering the winter fey like a flock of birds . 
 the dancers snarled and hissed as they leaped aside , and a goblin screeched once as it was trampled beneath a charging horse , falling silent as a hoof cracked its skull open . 
 the knights yanked their mounts to a halt and faced the mob , ignoring the growls and hurled insults . 
 they wore black leather armor with thorns bristling from the shoulders , and the faces beneath the open helms were sharp and cruel . 
 ash shifted beside me . 
 `` those are rowan 's knights , '' he muttered . 
 `` his elite thornguards . 
 they answer only to him and the queen . '' 
 `` by orders of her majesty , queen mab , '' one knight shouted , his voice somehow rising over the cacophony of music and snarling voices , `` the winter court has officially declared war on oberon and the summer court ! 
 for the crime of killing crown prince sage and the theft of the scepter of the seasons , all summer fey will be hunted down and destroyed without mercy ! '' 
 the winter fey roared , screeching and howling into the night . 
 it was not a roar of rage , but rather one of ecstasy . 
 i saw redcaps laughing , goblins dancing for joy , and spriggans grinning madly . 
 my stomach heaved . 
 they wanted blood . 
 the winter court lived for violence , for the chance to rip into their ancient rivals without mercy . 
 the knight let them howl and carry on a few moments before holding up his hand for silence . 
 `` also , '' he roared , bringing the chaos to a murmur , `` be aware that prince ash is now considered a traitor and a fugitive ! 
 he has attacked his brother , prince rowan , gravely wounding him , and has fled the palace with the half-breed daughter of oberon . 
 both are considered extremely dangerous , so it would do you well to be wary . '' 
 ash sucked in a breath . 
 i saw relief cross his face , as well as guilt and concern . 
 rowan was still alive , though our escape through the city had become much more dangerous . 
 `` if you see them , by order of queen mab , they are not to be harmed ! '' 
 bellowed the knight . 
 `` capture them , or report their whereabouts to any guard , and you will be greatly rewarded . 
 failure to do so invites the queen 's wrath upon your head . 
 spread the word , for tomorrow we march to war ! '' 
 the knights spurred their mounts into action and galloped off , amid the roars of the unseelie crowd . 
 ash looked deep in thought , his eyes narrowed to gray slits . 
 `` rowan is n't dead , '' he breathed , and i could n't tell if he was pleased with this news or not . 
 `` at least , not yet . 
 this will make things considerably more difficult . '' 
 `` how will we get out ? '' 
 i whispered . 
 ash frowned . 
 `` the gates will be guarded , '' he muttered , looking past me into the street , `` and i do n't trust the regular trods if rowan knows we 're out here . '' 
 he paused , thinking , then sighed . 
 `` there is one more place we can go . '' 
 `` where 's that ? '' 
 he glanced at me , and i suddenly realized how close we were . 
 our faces were just inches apart and i felt his heartbeat quicken , matching my own . 
 quickly , he turned away , and i ducked my head , hiding my burning face . 
 `` come on , '' he whispered , and i thought i caught a tremor in his voice . 
 `` we 're not going far , but we have to hurry . 
 the market keeps its own hours , and if we do n't reach it in time , it will disappear . '' 
 a wild howl rang out of the darkness , and we looked back at the crowd . 
 the winter fey had gone back to their partying as if nothing had happened , but there was a meaner , desperate edge to their revels now , as if the promise of war had only whetted their appetite for blood . 
 a pair of redcaps and a hag squabbled over the body of the dead goblin , and i turned away before i was sick . 
 ash took my hand and pulled me on , into the shadows . 
 we fled through the city , keeping to the shadows and darkness , somehow avoiding the mobs in the street . 
 at one point , we very nearly tripped over a redcap exiting a hole in the wall . 
 the creature snarled an insult , but then its beady eyes widened in recognition and it turned to shout a warning instead . 
 ash gestured sharply , and an ice dagger thunked into the creature 's open mouth , silencing it forever . 
 we reached a circular courtyard on the banks of a huge underground lake , mist writhing off the water to drift along the ground . 
 colorful booths and tents stood empty as we passed through , flapping in the breeze like a dead , abandoned carnival . 
 an enormous white tree stood in the very center , bearing fruit that looked like human heads . 
 a narrow door was embedded in the thick trunk , and ash quickened his pace as we approached . 
 `` the market is through here , '' he explained , pulling me behind the tree as an ogre lumbered past , its steps slow and ponderous . 
 `` now , listen . 
 whatever you see in there , do n't buy anything , do n't offer anything , and do n't accept anything , no matter how much you want it . 
 the vendors will try to make a deal with you-ignore them . 
 keep silent , and keep your eyes on me . 
 got it ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 ash opened the narrow door with a creak and led me inside , shutting it behind him . 
 the interior of the trunk glowed softly and had a putrid sweet smell , like decaying flowers . 
 i looked around for another door or way out , but the trunk was empty except for the door we came in . 
 `` stay close , '' ash whispered , and he pushed the door open again . 
 noise exploded through the doorway . 
 the circular courtyard now thronged with life ; the booths overflowed with merchandise ; music and faery fire drifted through the night , and fey milled about in huge numbers , buying , talking and haggling with the vendors . 
 i shrank back against the trunk , and ash gave me a reassuring smile . 
 `` it 's all right , '' he said , leading me forward again . 
 `` in the market , no one questions why you 're here or where you came from . 
 the only thing they 're concerned about is the deal . '' 
 `` so , it 's safe , then ? '' 
 i asked , as a faery with a wolf 's head stalked through the crowd , carrying a string of severed hands . 
 ash chuckled darkly . 
 `` i would n't go that far . '' 
 we joined the throng who , despite the jostling , shoving and snarled insults , paid us little attention . 
 unearthly vendors stood beside their booths or tents , crying out their wares , beckoning to passersby with long fingers or claws . 
 a warty goblin caught my eye and grinned , pointing to his display of necklaces made of fingers , teeth and bones . 
 a hag waved a shrunken pig 's head in my face , while a hulking troll tried handing me some kind of meat-ona-stick . 
 it smelled wonderful , until i noticed the crispy bird and rat heads stuck on the kebabs between other unidentifiable chunks , and hurried after ash . 
 the oddities continued . 
 dream catchers made of spider silk and infant bones . 
 monkey paws and hands of glory . 
 one booth had a prominent display of still-beating hearts , while the tent beside it offered flowers of delicate spun glass . 
 everywhere i looked , i saw wonders , horrors , and the just plain weird . 
 the vendors were incredibly persistent ; if they caught you looking , they would leap in front of you , shouting the marvels of their wares and offering `` a deal you ca n't refuse . '' 
 `` a few locks of your hair , '' cried a rat-faced imp , holding out a golden apple . 
 `` be young and beautiful forever . '' 
 i shook my head and hurried on . 
 `` a memory , '' crooned a doe-eyed woman , waving a glittering amulet back and forth . 
 `` one tiny memory , and your greatest wish will be answered . '' 
 yeah right . 
 i 'd done the whole memory thing before , thank you . 
 it was n't pleasant . 
 `` your firstborn child , '' quite a few of them wanted . 
 `` your name . 
 a phial of your tears . 
 a drop of blood . '' 
 with every offer , i just shook my head and hurried after ash , weaving my way through the crowds . 
 sometimes , a glare from the ice prince would cower the more persistent vendors who followed us through the aisles or latched on to my sleeve , but mostly we just kept moving . 
 near the lake , a row of wooden docks floated above the ink-black water . 
 a weathered tavern crouched at the shoreline like a bloated toad . 
 a goblin staggered out holding a tankard , puked all over the sidewalk , and collapsed in it with his face to the sky . 
 ash stepped over the groaning body and ducked through the swinging doors . 
 wrinkling my nose at the trashed goblin , i followed . 
 the interior was smoky and dim . 
 battered wooden tables were scattered about the room , hosting a variety of unsavory-looking fey , from the redcap gang in the corner to the single , goat-headed phouka who watched me with glowing yellow eyes . 
 ash glided through the room , weaving his way to the bar , where a dwarf with a tangled black beard glared at him and spit into a glass . 
 `` you should n't be here , prince , '' he growled in an undertone , wiping the tankard with a dirty rag . 
 `` rowan 's got half the city lookin ' for you . 
 sooner or later , the thornguards will show up an ' tear the place apart if they think we 're hidin ' you . '' 
 `` i 'm looking for sweetfinger , '' ash said in an equally low voice , as i pulled myself onto a bar stool . 
 `` i need to get out of tir na nog , tonight . 
 do you know where he is ? '' 
 the dwarf shot me a sidelong glance , his thick face pulled into a scowl . 
 `` if i did n't know you better , prince , '' he muttered , polishing the glass again , `` i would accuse you of goin ' soft . 
 word is you 're a traitor to the winter court , but i do n't care about that . '' 
 he plunked the tankard down and leaned across the counter . 
 `` just answer me this . 
 is she worth it ? '' 
 ash 's face went blank and cold , like a door slamming shut . 
 `` would this be considered payment for finding sweetfinger ? '' 
 he replied in a voice dead of emotion . 
 the dwarf snorted . 
 `` yeah . 
 sure , whatever . 
 but , i want a serious answer , prince . '' 
 ash was still for a moment . 
 `` yes , '' he murmured , his voice so low i barely caught it . 
 `` she 's worth it . '' 
 `` you know mab will tear you apart for this . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 the dwarf shook his head , giving ash a look of pity . 
 `` you an ' your lady problems , '' he sighed , putting the glass under the counter . 
 `` worse than the satyrs , i tell you . 
 at least they 're smart enough not to get attached . '' 
 ash 's tone was icy . 
 `` can you find me sweetfinger or not ? '' 
 `` yeah , i know where he is . '' 
 the dwarf scratched his nose , then flicked something away . 
 `` i 'll send someone out to find him . 
 you and the summer whelp can stay upstairs until he shows up . '' 
 ash pushed away from the counter . 
 his face was still locked into that expressionless mask as he turned to me . 
 `` let 's go . '' 
 i hopped off the bar stool . 
 `` who 's sweetfinger ? '' 
 i ventured as we made our way across the room . 
 no one stopped us . 
 the other patrons either ignored us or gave us a very wide berth . 
 which was n't surprising ; the cold radiating from the winter prince was palpable . 
 `` he 's a smuggler , '' ash replied , motioning me up a set of stairs in the corner . 
 `` a goblin , to be specific . 
 instead of smuggling goods , he smuggles living creatures . 
 he might be the only one who can get us out of the city . 
 if we can pay his price . '' 
 goblins . 
 i shuddered . 
 my own experience with goblins had n't been pleasant . 
 a pack of them tried to eat me once , when i first came to the nevernever . 
 upstairs , ash led me down a creaky hallway , past several wooden doors with strange noises coming from beyond them , until we came to the last one . 
 inside , a tiny room greeted us , with two simple beds along opposite walls and a flickering lamp in the far corner . 
 i noticed the lamp was actually a round cage atop a gilded stand , and the light made desperate squeaking noises as it flitted from side to side . 
 ash shut the door , and i heard the click of a lock before he leaned back against it , looking utterly exhausted . 
 i longed to hold him . 
 i wanted to melt into him and feel his arms around me , but his last words hung between us like a barbed-wire fence . 
 `` are you all right ? '' 
 i whispered . 
 he nodded and ran his fingers through his hair . 
 `` get some sleep , '' he murmured . 
 `` i do n't know if we 'll get another chance to stop after this . 
 you should rest while you can . '' 
 `` i 'm not tired . '' 
 he did n't press the issue , but stood there watching me with a weary , sorrowful expression . 
 i gazed back , wishing i could bridge the distance between us , not knowing how to reach him . 
 an awkward silence filled the room . 
 words hovered on the tip of my tongue , wanting to burst out , but i knew ash did n't want to hear them . 
 i teetered between silence and confession , knowing i would be spurned , still wanting to try . 
 ash stood quietly , his gaze wandering about the room . 
 a couple times he , too , seemed about to say something , only to fall silent , stabbing his fingers through his hair . 
 when words finally did come , we both spoke at the same time . 
 `` ash - '' `` meghan , i - '' someone pounded on the door , making us both jump . 
 `` prince ash ! '' 
 a squeaky voice shouted from the other side . 
 `` are you there ? 
 sweetfinger is downstairs , waiting for you . '' 
 `` tell him i 'm on my way , '' ash replied , and pushed himself off the door . 
 `` wait here , '' he told me . 
 `` it should be safe . 
 lock the door and try to get some rest . '' 
 he opened the door , revealing a leering goblin on the other side , and closed it softly behind him . 
 i sat down on one of the beds , which reeked of beer and dirty straw , and stared at the door for a long time . 
 then i was being shaken awake . 
 i blinked in the darkness ; someone had put a black cloth over the caged light and the room was swathed in shadow . 
 sleep made my eyelids heavy and awkward , but i cracked them open to focus on the blurred form above me . 
 ash sat on the edge of the mattress , silver eyes bright in the gloom , holding me gently by the shoulders . 
 `` meghan , '' he murmured , `` wake up . 
 it 's time . '' 
 exhaustion pulled at me . 
 i 'd been more tired than i thought , and my thoughts swirled muzzily . 
 seeing i was awake , ash started to rise off the bed , but i slid forward and wrapped my arms around his waist . 
 `` no , '' i murmured , my voice still groggy with sleep . 
 `` stay . '' 
 he shivered , and his hands came to rest over mine . 
 `` you 're not making this any easier , '' he whispered into the darkness . 
 `` do n't care , '' i slurred , tightening my hold on him . 
 he sighed and half turned in my arms , smoothing the hair from my cheek . 
 `` why am i so drawn to you ? '' 
 he muttered , almost to himself . 
 `` why is it so hard to let go ? 
 i thought ... at first ... it was ariella , that you remind me of so much . 
 but it 's not . '' 
 though he did n't smile , his eyes lightened a shade . 
 `` you 're far more stubborn than she ever was . '' 
 i sniffed . 
 `` that 's like the pot calling the kettle black , '' i whispered , and a faint , tiny grin finally crossed his face , before his expression clouded and he lowered his head , touching his forehead to mine . 
 `` what do you want of me , meghan ? '' 
 he asked , a low thread of anguish flickering below the surface . 
 tears blurred my vision , all the fear and heartache of the past few days rising to the surface . 
 `` just you , '' i whispered . 
 `` i just want you . '' 
 he closed his eyes . 
 `` i ca n't do that . '' 
 `` why not ? '' 
 i demanded . 
 his face swam above me , blurring with tears , but i refused to release him to wipe my eyes . 
 my desperation grew . 
 `` who cares what the courts say ? '' 
 i challenged . 
 `` we could meet in secret . 
 you could come to my world , no one will see us there . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` mab already knows . 
 do you think she would let us get away with it ? 
 you saw how well she reacted in the throne room . '' 
 i sniffled , burying my face in his side , as his fingers gently combed my hair . 
 i did n't want to let him go . 
 i wanted to curl into him and stay there forever . 
 `` please , '' i whispered desperately , not caring about pride anymore . 
 `` do n't do this . 
 we can find a way around the courts . 
 please . '' 
 i bit my lip as a shiver went through him , and i held him tighter . 
 `` i love you , ash . '' 
 `` meghan . '' 
 ash 's voice was tormented . 
 `` you do n't ... know me at all . 
 you do n't know what i 've done ... the blood on my hands , both faery and mortal . '' 
 he stopped , taking a breath to compose himself . 
 `` when ariella died , everything inside me froze . 
 it was only through hunting-killing-that i could feel anything again . 
 i cared for nothing , not even myself . 
 i threw myself into fights i thought i would lose , if only to feel the pain of a sword blow , the claws tearing me apart . '' 
 i shivered and clung to him , remembering the scars across his back and shoulders . 
 i could imagine him fighting , his eyes dead and cold , hoping that something would finally get lucky and kill him . 
 `` then you came along , '' he muttered , touching my wet cheek , `` and suddenly ... i do n't know . 
 it was like i was seeing things for the first time again . 
 when i saw you with puck , the day you came to the nevernever ... '' `` the day you tried to kill us , '' i reminded him . 
 he winced , nodding . 
 `` i thought fate was playing a cruel joke on me . 
 that a girl , who could have been ariella 's shadow , was keeping company with my sworn enemy-it was too much . 
 i wanted to kill you both . '' 
 he sighed . 
 `` but , then i met you at elysium , and ... '' he closed his eyes . 
 `` and everything i thought i 'd lost forever came trickling back . 
 it was maddening . 
 i thought about killing you several times during elysium , just to stop what i knew would be my downfall . 
 i did n't want this , to feel anything , especially with a half-human girl who was the daughter of the summer king . '' 
 he snorted ruefully , shaking his head . 
 `` from the moment you stepped into the nevernever , you 've been my undoing . 
 i should never have agreed to that contract . '' 
 i sucked in a breath . 
 `` why ? '' 
 he brushed a strand of hair from my cheek , his voice gentler than before . 
 `` because no matter what i feel , i ca n't fight centuries of rules and traditions , and neither can you . '' 
 `` we could try - '' `` you do n't know the courts , '' ash continued softly . 
 `` you have n't been in faery long enough to know what could happen , but i do . 
 i 've seen it , centuries of it . 
 even if we get the scepter back , even if we manage to stop the war , we 'll still be on opposite sides . 
 nothing will change that , no matter how much you wish it was n't so . 
 no matter how much i wish it was different . '' 
 i did n't answer , too miserable to comment . 
 his voice , though filled with regret , was resolved . 
 he had made up his mind , and i would n't be changing it . 
 a strange peace settled through me , or perhaps my despair finally gave in to resignation . 
 so , this is it , i thought , as numbness spread through my body , easing the sharp pain in my chest . 
 this is what breaking up is like . 
 although , i was sure `` breaking up '' was the wrong expression . 
 it seemed much too common and trivial for what was happening . 
 `` come on . '' 
 ash pried my hands from his waist and stood up . 
 `` we should go . 
 sweetfinger and i made a deal . 
 he 'll get us out of the city through the goblin tunnels that run beneath it . 
 we 'll need to hurry-rowan 's thornguards are still scouring the streets for us . '' 
 `` ash , '' i said , struggling upright . 
 `` wait . 
 just one more thing , before we go . '' 
 he frowned warily . 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 i rose from the bed , my heart thudding in my chest . 
 `` kiss me , '' i whispered , and saw his eyebrows arc in surprise . 
 `` just once more , '' i pleaded , `` and i promise it will be the last time . 
 i 'll be able to forget you after that . '' 
 a bald-faced lie . 
 even if i turned ninety , lost my mind and forgot everything else , the memory of the winter prince would be a shining beacon that would never fade . 
 he hesitated , unsure , and i tried to make my tone light . 
 `` last time , i swear . '' 
 i met his gaze and tried for a smile . 
 `` it 's the least you can do . 
 i did n't get a proper breakup , you know . '' 
 ash still wavered , looking torn . 
 his eyes flicked to the door , and for a moment i thought he would walk away , leaving me to shrivel into a mortified heap . 
 but then he let out a quiet sigh , and his shoulders slumped in resignation . 
 meeting my gaze , he took one step forward , drew me into his arms , and brushed his lips to mine . 
 i think our last kiss was meant to be quick and chaste , but after the first touch of his lips fire leaped up and roared through my belly . 
 my fingers yanked him close , digging into his back , and his arms crushed me to him as if wanting to meld us together . 
 i knotted my fingers in his hair and bit down on his bottom lip , making him groan . 
 his lips parted , and my tongue swept in to dance with his . 
 there was nothing sweet or gentle in our last kiss ; it was filled with sorrow and desperation , of the bitter knowledge that we could 've had something perfect , but it just was n't meant to be . 
 it ended much too soon . 
 ash pulled away , eyes bright , shaking with desire and passion . 
 both our hearts were thudding wildly , and ash 's fingers were digging painfully into my shoulders . 
 `` do n't ask me this again , '' he rasped , and i was too breathless to answer . 
 he released me and stalked through the door without looking back . 
 i took a deep breath , halting the tears crawling up my throat , and followed . 
 a goblin waited for us at the foot of the stairs , his mouth pulled into a toothy grin that showed missing fangs and gold teeth . 
 he was decked out in jewelry : rings , ear studs , necklaces , even a gold nose ring . 
 a milky glass eye sparkled as he turned to me , rubbing his claws and grinning like a gleeful shark . 
 `` ah , this is princess that turned prince traitor , '' he hissed , eyeing me up and down . 
 `` and now they need goblin tunnels out of city , good , good . '' 
 he gestured with a ring-encrusted hand . 
 `` no time to speak . 
 we leave now , before guards show up , ask too many questions . 
 need anything before we go , traitor prince ? '' 
 ash looked pained , but shook his head . 
 the goblin cackled , gold teeth flashing in the dim light . 
 `` yes , good ! 
 follow me , then . '' 
 chapter seven the ring sweetfinger led us out a back door of the tavern and along the edge of the lake . 
 past the docks , the ground dropped away sharply to a narrow coastline of jagged rock and stone . 
 hugging the breaker wall , we followed sweetfinger to the water 's edge , where two burlier goblins waited inside a small wooden boat . 
 `` quickly , quickly , '' sweetfinger said , urging us inside . 
 we took a cautious seat between the two hench-goblins , who picked up the oars as sweetfinger shoved us into the water and leaped in . 
 as they rowed us farther from shore , he turned to us with an apologetic smile . 
 `` goblin tunnels are n't far from here , '' he said , fingering one of his rings . 
 `` only goblins know where they are , and only goblins are allowed to see them and live . 
 used to be , payment would be your lovely eyes , but times change . 
 point is , you not goblin , you can not see our secret tunnels . 
 rules , you know . 
 so sorry . '' 
 `` understood , '' ash muttered as a goblin slid behind him and pulled a blindfold over his eyes . 
 i jumped as a black cloth covered my eyes as well , plunging me into darkness . 
 we drifted for a long while , the only sounds being the rhythmic sloshing of the oars in the water and sweetfinger 's occasional comment to his thugs . 
 ash 's body was tense against mine , muscles coiled bands under his skin . 
 the air grew colder , and i heard the squeaking of bats somewhere above us . 
 the boat bumped and scraped against rocks , and a foul stench crept into the air , smelling of dung and rotten meat . 
 snickers and cackling laughter echoed in the darkness , and clawed feet skittered over the rocks . 
 then , the noises and smells faded , and we floated in silence for a time . 
 i heard sweetfinger and his guards muttering among themselves , and it made me very nervous . 
 finally , the boat bumped against solid ground , and someone pulled it ashore . 
 i pulled off the blindfold and blinked in the dim light . 
 we were in a small cave with a pebbly floor , bones and trash scattered about the room . 
 in the distance , a circle of light glimmered invitingly . 
 i breathed a sigh of relief . 
 we 'd made it . 
 sweetfinger leered at us as ash helped me out of the boat . 
 `` as promised , '' he said , gesturing to the exit at the back of the room . 
 `` safe passage out of city . 
 now , i believe traitor prince owes me something , yes ? '' 
 he held out a jewel-encrusted claw , and ash dropped a small leather pouch into his waiting hand . 
 `` tell no one you 've seen us , '' ash said as the two hench-goblins shoved the boat back into the water . 
 `` i 'm afraid it 's too late for that , your highness , '' came a harsh , gravelly voice at the other end of the cave . 
 we spun , ash 's hand on his sword , as four thornguards stepped into view , their boots crunching over the stones . 
 `` very intelligent , not going through the regular trods , ash , '' said one guard . 
 his armor was thornier than the others ' , the barbs on his shoulders bristling like giant porcupine quills . 
 `` mab has them all well guarded , but you knew that , did n't you ? 
 unfortunately , rowan already bribed every smuggler in the city by the time you found this one . 
 goblins are such disgusting opportunists , are n't they ? '' 
 furious , i glared back at sweetfinger , but the boat was already well out of reach , sweetfinger grinning at me from the bow . 
 `` sorry , princess , '' the goblin cackled . 
 `` prince 's offer was good . 
 other prince 's offer was better . 
 nothing personal , yes ? '' 
 he waved , and the boat drifted away into the dark . 
 an icy stone settled in the pit of my stomach , and i turned back to the guards . 
 as one , the thornguards drew their weapons . 
 their swords were spiky and black , with long thorns running the length of the blade , looking as sharp as razors . 
 `` stand down , edgebriar , '' ash commanded . 
 he had n't drawn his sword yet , but his posture was tense . 
 `` i do n't want to fight you . 
 you can walk away from this and rowan would never know . 
 we 're not returning to the city . '' 
 `` i 'm afraid we were n't ordered to return you to the city , or mab , '' edgebriar said with the barest of smirks . 
 `` you see , rowan knows you 're going after the scepter , and he ca n't allow that . 
 the new king wants the half-breed alive , but i 'm afraid we 're going to have to kill you , prince . 
 like sweetfinger said , it 's nothing personal . '' 
 for a second , i did n't know who he was talking about . 
 then it hit me like a punch in the stomach . 
 the new king . 
 the new iron king . 
 they were working for the iron kingdom . 
 rowan must 've let tertius and the wiremen into the palace . 
 he let them kill sage and take the scepter , and convinced mab that the iron fey were not a threat ! 
 ash 's face went blank with shock . 
 `` no , '' he said , as the blood drained from his face . 
 `` no , rowan would n't sell us out . 
 not to them . 
 what have you done ? '' 
 `` we ca n't stop the iron kingdom , '' edgebriar continued , his voice earnest . 
 `` the old ways have become obsolete . 
 mab ca n't protect us any longer . 
 it is time to ally ourselves with the stronger power , to become greater than we are . 
 rowan will lead us to a new era , one where we will fear nothing . 
 not the touch of iron , not the fading of human imagination , nothing ! 
 let the oldbloods wallow in their ancient traditions . 
 they will fall soon , and we will rise up to take their place . '' 
 `` rowan will destroy us , '' ash said grimly . 
 `` this war only hastens our destruction . 
 if summer and winter stood together , we could stop the iron kingdom . '' 
 `` for how long ? '' 
 edgebriar demanded , punctuating his words with a savage swing of his blade . 
 `` the humans dream their technology , their grand sweeping visions , and forget us . 
 we ca n't turn back the clock , but we can evolve to survive . 
 i will show you what i mean . '' 
 he ripped off his gauntlet , holding up his bare hand . 
 on his third finger , an iron ring gleamed in the light . 
 the entire digit was blackened and shriveled , and my stomach turned as he shook his fist triumphantly . 
 `` look ! '' 
 he demanded . 
 `` look at me ! 
 i do not fear the touch of iron , of progress . 
 it burns me now , but soon i will be able to use it freely , like the humans . 
 soon , i will be like them . '' 
 `` you 're dying , edgebriar . '' 
 ash 's voice was full of horror and pity . 
 `` it 's killing you slowly , and you do n't even realize it . '' 
 `` no ! 
 after the war , when both sides are weak and open , the iron fey will sweep in and destroy all traces of the old . 
 there will be no more summer or winter . 
 there will be no more courts . 
 there will be only the iron kingdom , and those strong enough to stand with it . '' 
 i stared at him . 
 `` rowan let the iron fey into the palace , did n't he ? '' 
 i whispered , and his fevered gaze turned on me . 
 `` he sent them to steal the scepter , and he let them kill his own brother . 
 how can you work for such a bastard ? 
 ca n't you see he 's using you ? '' 
 `` be silent , half-breed . '' 
 edgebriar glared at me . 
 `` insult my prince again , and i will cut out your tongue and feed it to my hounds . 
 rowan is the only one who cares for the future of tir na nog . '' 
 ash shook his head . 
 `` rowan wants power , and would sacrifice his entire court to achieve it . 
 you do n't have to be responsible for his insanity , edgebriar . 
 let us pass . 
 we can end this war , and if summer stands with us , we can find a way to deal with the iron kingdom . '' 
 edgebriar 's face did n't change . 
 `` we have our orders , prince ash . 
 we will be taking the half-breed with us , but i 'm afraid your journey ends here . 
 rowan made it quite clear that he did not want you returning to mab , for any reason . '' 
 he gestured to the knights behind him , and they began to close in . 
 `` i apologize for the location . 
 a prince 's tomb should be a grander affair . '' 
 i backed away , knowing the violence that was coming next . 
 for the millionth time , i tried desperately to do something with my glamour ; pull up a root to trip the knights , throw a glowy ball of light to distract them , anything . 
 it was like hitting a glass wall . 
 i knew my power was on the other side , but i could n't access it . 
 ash faced the approaching knights calmly , though i could sense muscles coiling beneath his skin . 
 `` rowan does n't know me as well as he thinks , '' he murmured , seemingly unconcerned with the jagged blades closing in on him , `` otherwise he never would 've made such a mistake . '' 
 edgebriar smiled , leering at ash from behind the trio of knights , content to let his guards engage the winter prince . 
 `` and what mistake would that be ? '' 
 `` there 's only four of you . '' 
 his arm whipped out , sending a flurry of ice shards at the oncoming thornguards . 
 the knights flinched , throwing up their arms to protect their faces , and ash lunged into their midst . 
 the first one did n't stand a chance . 
 ash 's blade sheared through his armor , and the faery crumpled before he could even raise his sword . 
 where he fell , his spiky armor seemed to unravel , flaring out into thick black briars , thorns curling into the air . 
 in seconds , the faery 's body had turned into a giant thornbush , growing right out of the rocks . 
 a metal band glinted on one of the branches . 
 the screech of blades focused me on the current battle . 
 i could n't see edgebriar , but the other two thornguards had ash pressed into a corner and were hounding him mercilessly . 
 ash parried and spun , blocking their attacks , his blade a blue-white streak through the air . 
 i glanced around and picked up a fist-sized rock from the edge of the water . 
 maybe i could n't throw fireballs , but that could n't stop me from hurling other things . 
 please do n't hit ash , i thought , winding back for the throw . 
 the first rock thumped off the back of a knight , doing nothing , but the second struck the side of his head , making him flinch for just a moment . 
 it was enough . 
 ash 's blade whipped out , ripping through his chest . 
 the knight crumpled without a sound , and brambles erupted from his armor , covering the body in a cocoon of thorns . 
 i gave a shout of triumph , but a dark shape filled my vision . 
 edgebriar stepped out of invisibility and reached for me with taloned fingers . 
 i tried to dodge , but the thornguard latched on to my wrist and yanked me to him , twisting my arm behind my back . 
 as i gasped in pain , his other arm came up to circle my throat . 
 i squirmed and kicked at him , but only jabbed myself on his spiny armor as his arm tightened and cut off my air . 
 an explosion of brambles signaled the end of the last knight , and ash came striding through the hedge toward us , a cold , murderous gleam in his eye . 
 `` stay where you are , prince , '' edgebriar spat , and pressed a cold black dagger against my cheek . 
 `` not another step , or i will gouge out her pretty eyes . 
 the iron king does n't care if she 's a bit damaged when she comes to him . '' 
 ash stopped , lowering his blade , his eyes never leaving the knight . 
 edgebriar 's chokehold loosened just the tiniest bit , and i sucked in a much-needed breath , trying to be calm . 
 this close , the knight smelled of sweat and leather , and something sharper , metallic . 
 the ring on his hand glinted against his blackened finger as he held the knife point to my face . 
 `` now , '' edgebriar panted , locking gazes with ash , `` i want you to put down your sword and swear you will not follow us . '' 
 when ash did n't move , edgebriar stabbed the point of the knife into my cheek , just enough to draw blood . 
 i gasped at the sudden pain , and ash tensed . 
 `` i wo n't ask you again , your highness , '' edgebriar growled . 
 `` you 've lost this battle . 
 put down your sword , and promise you will not follow us . '' 
 `` edgebriar . '' 
 ash 's voice was as cold as frozen steel . 
 `` rowan has poisoned your mind , as surely as that iron is poisoning your insides . 
 you can still walk away from this . 
 let me take the princess back to arcadia , and then we can warn mab about the iron king and rowan . '' 
 `` it 's too late . '' 
 edgebriar shook his head wildly . 
 `` they 're already coming . 
 you ca n't stop them , ash . 
 no one can . '' 
 he chuckled , a note of madness coming to the surface , and tightened his stranglehold on my neck . 
 `` all the king 's army and all the king 's men , '' he whispered , waving the knife in front of my eyes , `` came to faery on the day it would end . '' 
 all right , enough was enough . 
 edgebriar had lost it ; he had taken a long walk off the short end . 
 i had to do something . 
 but without a weapon or glamour , what could i do ? 
 blood was trickling down my face , oozing a path over my skin like a giant red tear . 
 my cheek throbbed , and pain brought everything into sharp focus . 
 in my mind , i saw the metal ring glowing white , pulsing with energy . 
 i felt the glamour around it , but it was different from anything i 'd felt before-cold and colorless . 
 was this ... iron glamour ? 
 could i use it as the fey used the wilder magic of dreams and emotion ? 
 the ring shimmered , fluid and alive , eager to be worked upon . 
 to be shaped into something new . 
 tighten , i thought , and the metal band responded instantly , biting into the skin . 
 edgebriar jerked , looking startled , and i squeezed harder , twisting the ring so that it cut into his flesh , drawing blood . 
 it hissed where it touched , and edgebriar howled , jerking his arm from my neck as if burned . 
 i twisted from his grasp and shoved him away . 
 ash lunged for edgebriar . 
 the thornguard saw him coming and at the last second went for his sword , too late . 
 ash stepped within his guard and plunged the blade through his chest , so hard that it erupted out the knight 's back . 
 edgebriar staggered and fell away , hitting the water with a loud splash . 
 he stared at the blood on his chest , than gazed up at us , his eyes blank and confused . 
 `` you do n't ... understand , '' he gurgled , as ash looked down on him sadly . 
 `` we were going to become ... like them . 
 rowan ... promised us . 
 he promised ... '' then his eyes rolled up in his head , and thorny creepers slithered over his body , hiding him from view . 
 i shuddered , torn between throwing up and bursting into tears . 
 strange how all my time in the winter court still had n't desensitized me to blood and death . 
 i felt ash 's gaze on me , curious and wary , like a stranger 's . 
 `` what did you do to him ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 the strange glamour was already fading , like it had never been . 
 my body trembled from the aftermath of shock and adrenaline . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 ash glanced once more at the thornbush , at the iron ring dangling from a twig , and shuddered . 
 `` come here , '' he sighed , motioning me to a large rock . 
 `` sit down . 
 let me see your face . '' 
 the cut was n't deep , more of a puncture wound than a gash , though it still hurt like hell . 
 ash knelt and studied it , then tore a strip from his sleeve and dunked it in a nearby puddle . 
 as he raised it to my cheek , i instinctively flinched and jerked away , grimacing . 
 he shook his head , and a corner of his lip twitched . 
 `` i have n't even touched it yet . 
 now hold still . '' 
 he lifted the rag , and our gazes met . 
 ash froze . 
 i saw a dozen emotions cross his face before he took a quiet breath and very carefully pressed the cloth to my cheek . 
 i was tempted to close my eyes , but kept them open , watching his face . 
 to have him here , to have him this close , was worth the pain . 
 i studied his eyes , his lips , the tiny silver stud in his ear , almost hidden by his dark hair . 
 i memorized those little details , searing his image into my brain , wanting to remember this moment . 
 though his expression was closed and businesslike after that first glance , his fingers were gentle . 
 `` why are you staring at me ? '' 
 his voice made me jump . 
 `` what ? 
 i 'm not . '' 
 `` liar . '' 
 ash took my hand and pressed it to the cloth , holding it to my cheek . 
 `` here . 
 the bleeding 's stopped , but keep pressure on it for a bit just to be sure . '' 
 his hand lingered on mine , cool and smooth , though he would n't meet my eyes . 
 `` i 'm sorry , meghan . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` for rowan . 
 for all of this . '' 
 he rose and walked to where edgebriar had fallen . 
 now only a black thorny bush marked the place where he had died , and ash glared at it as if it might come back to life . 
 `` rowan , '' i heard him mutter . 
 `` what are you thinking ? '' 
 dropping the cloth , i walked up to him . 
 `` what now ? '' 
 he was quiet a moment , brooding . 
 the shock of discovering that his brother was responsible for betraying all of faery was still new , like a wound that would n't close . 
 i could tell he did n't want to believe it . 
 `` nothing 's changed , '' he said at last , his voice cold and resolved . 
 `` the scepter is still out there , and if rowan knows where it is , he is n't going to tell us . 
 when this is over , mab will decide what to do with rowan , but the scepter comes first . '' 
 very lightly , i touched his arm . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 he 's a jerk , but i 'm sorry it had to be him . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` let 's get out of here . '' 
 four horses stood waiting at the cave entrance ; faery steeds with jet-black coats , lightning-colored manes , and glowing , white-blue eyes . 
 their slender hooves did n't quite touch the ground as they stamped and shifted , regarding us with eerie intelligence . 
 ash helped me into one 's saddle , and the fey-horse swished its tail and rolled its eyes at me , as if sensing my unease . 
 i gave it a warning glare . 
 `` do n't try anything , horse , '' i muttered , and it pinned back its ears , which was not a good sign . 
 ash approached another mount and swung easily into the saddle , as if he 'd done it a thousand times . 
 `` where are we going ? '' 
 i asked , fumbling with the reins , which made the horse prance sideways . 
 dammit , i 'd never get used to this . 
 `` we know tertius stole the scepter , rowan helped him into the palace , and they 're both working for a new iron king . '' 
 i frowned as i thought of the implications . 
 `` ash , do you think we 'll have to go back to the iron kingd - '' my horse suddenly let out a shrill whinny and half reared , nearly throwing me off . 
 as i shrieked and grabbed its mane , the other mount tried to bolt , but ash pulled one rein short , and the horse spun in frenzied circles until it calmed down . 
 as our mounts quieted , still prancing and tossing their heads , we gazed around for the source of their fear . 
 we did n't have to look far . 
 through the trees , silhouetted against the cloudy sky , a lone figure on horseback watched us atop a snowy rise . 
 the single tree standing over it had curled its branches as far away from the figure as possible , its limbs twisted and warped , but the rider did n't seem to care . 
 as we stared at each other , the sun peeked out from behind the clouds , glinting off its steel armor . 
 a faint metallic rustling drifted over the wind , like thousands of knives scraping together , making my blood run cold . 
 as the iron knight stood motionless on the hill , an enormous pack of spindly legged creatures appeared around him . 
 claws flashing , limbs jerking sporadically , the wire-fey crowded the hilltop like huge spiders , gleaming in the sun . 
 ash went pale , and my heart contracted in horror as the knight raised a hand toward us , sending the entire pack skittering down the hill . 
 we ran . 
 the faery steeds ate up the ground as they charged through the forest , their hooves making almost no noise in the snow . 
 the trees flew by at a terrifying speed as the horses plunged between trunks and over logs , reminding me of my first wild ride through faery , when i had been running away from ash , ironically . 
 at least i had a saddle this time . 
 i clung to the horse 's neck , unable to do anything else , steering or otherwise . 
 thankfully , ash seemed to know where he was going , and my horse followed his as we flew over the ground . 
 behind us , the metallic skittering of the wire-fey echoed on the wind , never fading or falling behind . 
 the trees fell away , and a steep incline soared above us , jagged rocks covered in ice as smooth as glass . 
 my stomach turned , imagining my horse slipping and rolling on top of me , but the hooves of the winter-born faery steeds charged up the hill without hesitation . 
 it felt like they were running up a wall , and i clung to my horse until my arms burned with liquid fire . 
 at the top of the rise , ash pulled his mount to a halt , and my horse stopped as well , prancing in place . 
 arms shaking from the strain of keeping my seat , i straightened cautiously . 
 ash was staring down the slope , eyes narrowed to slits . 
 i followed his gaze , and my stomach lurched . 
 the edge of the rise fell away into a dizzying vertical drop , jagged rocks jutting up like spines . 
 i suddenly wished i knew how to steer my horse , just to move it away from the edge . 
 `` they 're coming , '' ash muttered . 
 the wiremen fey flowed from the trees in a glittering swarm . 
 scuttling to the rise , they began to climb , digging their claws into the ice as they edged upward . 
 steel limbs flashing , they crawled up the icy slope like ants , barely slowing down . 
 `` what are these things ? '' 
 ash whispered . 
 he raised his arm , and the air around him sparkled as a glittering ice spear formed overhead . 
 with a flick of his hand , he hurled it down the slope , into the ranks of oncoming fey . 
 the spear hit one directly in the face , punching through the wires and tearing it from the hill . 
 it clattered down the slope , arms and legs flailing , but the other fey leaped over the body or skittered aside , and kept coming . 
 my horse snorted and backed away . 
 i grabbed for its mane as ash whirled his steed around , his face grim . 
 `` we ca n't outrun them , '' he announced , and i caught the faintest hint of fear in his voice , which only made me more terrified . 
 `` they 're faster than us , and will overtake the horses long before we reach a trod . 
 we have to make a stand . '' 
 i looked down at the approaching swarm , and my voice squeaked with terror . 
 `` here ? 
 now ? '' 
 `` not here . '' 
 ash shook his head and pointed down the other side of the slope . 
 `` there 's an abandoned fort on the edge of the wyldwood . 
 ariella and i used it as a hunting lodge . 
 if we can reach it , we might have a chance . '' 
 the other side of the slope fell away into the same break-neck drop . 
 far , far in the distance , i saw where the snow-covered treetops met the writhing gray mist of the wyldwood . 
 a raven circled us , giving a harsh cry as it passed overhead as the first of the wire-fey clawed its way to the top . 
 ash kicked his steed into motion , and mine followed , charging for the edge of the rise . 
 i screamed as my horse gathered its legs underneath it and leaped into empty space . 
 we fell for what seemed like an eternity . 
 when we finally hit the ground , the horses landed with barely a jolt and immediately plunged into the forest . 
 behind us , the wiremen poured down the slope in a glittering flood . 
 my body ached and my arms burned from clinging to the horse for so long . 
 every bump sent a lance of pain through my side , and my breath came in short , agonizing gasps . 
 finally , we burst through the trees into a snow-covered clearing . 
 in the center of the grove , a crumbling tower rose skyward in a precarious upside down l , as if it might collapse any moment . 
 `` come on ! '' 
 ash leaped off his mount , ignoring it as it raced away into the trees . 
 my horse tried to follow , but the prince grabbed its reins , yanking it up short . 
 i half slid , half fell out of the saddle , and i barely took a gasping breath before ash was dragging me through the snow . 
 we ran for the fort , hearing the scraping of claws behind us . 
 i did n't dare look back . 
 ahead , through the great wooden doors , i saw the darkened interior of the room . 
 sunlight slanted through holes in the roof , spilling over a strangely luminescent floor . 
 as we drew closer , i gasped . 
 the ground was completely carpeted in white , bell-like flowers , which glowed softly in the dim light . 
 they grew on the walls and even covered the ancient furniture lying around the room : a wooden table , a cupboard , a few simple cots . 
 everything was also covered in snow and ice , as the roof was full of holes , but i supposed that had n't mattered to ash and ariella . 
 freezing temperatures never bothered the winter fey . 
 ash pulled us through the opening , crushing flowers underfoot , and threw his weight against the doors . 
 they groaned , reluctant to move . 
 i joined him , and together , we strained at the stubborn gates . 
 they closed slowly , creaking with age and time , and the wiremen were no more than twenty yards away when they finally banged shut . 
 ash threw down the bolt , then pressed both hands against it and sheathed the entire gate with ice . 
 no sooner had he finished than the first blows rattled the wooden door , resounding through the chamber . 
 the ice shivered and tiny cracks radiated through the surface as more blows shook the gate . 
 it would n't hold them for long . 
 ash drew his sword . 
 `` get back , '' he told me as the door rattled again . 
 more cracks shot through the ice . 
 `` find a place to hide . 
 there 's an alcove behind that statue against the wall-you should be able to fit . '' 
 i shook my head frantically , seeing sage surrounded by the hideous wire-fey , dying on the floor of the throne room . 
 i could n't watch ash be torn apart like that before my eyes . 
 ash glanced back at me and frowned . 
 `` meghan , there 's nothing you can do . 
 go ! 
 i 'll hold them as long as i can . 
 go , now ! '' 
 a great chunk fell out of the door as a curved wire claw tore it away . 
 the hole widened , as metal talons ripped and clawed at the wood . 
 fear got the better of me . 
 i ran to the crumbling statue of some forgotten hero , darting behind it as the first of the wiremen squeezed through the crack like a giant spider . 
 claws flashing , it lunged at ash , who was waiting for it . 
 his sword arced through the air , shearing the spindly fey in half . 
 another skittered toward him , and he whipped his blade around to slice off a flailing arm . 
 the wireman collapsed , twitching , in the flowers , shredding the delicate blooms like paper . 
 i bit my cheek , trying not to be sick . 
 more fey poured through the opening as they tore the gate to shreds . 
 ash was forced back , giving ground to prevent the wiremen from flanking him . 
 finally , he stood against a broken pillar , his back to the stones , as the iron faeries swarmed around him , slashing and clawing . 
 i heard a noise above us , and a shower of stones and ice tumbled to the ground . 
 a metallic form suddenly crawled through a hole in the roof and crawled along the ceiling , making my blood run cold . 
 `` ash , above you ! '' 
 i yelled , as more fey slithered through the cracks . 
 `` they 're coming through the roof ! '' 
 the wiremen surrounded ash in a chaotic blur . 
 i could barely see him through the forest of slashing claws . 
 suddenly he leaped straight up , over the heads of the iron fey , to land on the upright half of a broken pillar . 
 his coat was in tatters , one side of his face was covered in crimson , and more blood dripped from numerous wounds to the flowers below . 
 the wiremen resumed their attack , crawling up the pillar or dropping from the ceiling . 
 fear hammered against my chest . 
 i tried reaching for that strange , cold glamour i 'd felt earlier with edgebriar , but came up with nothing . 
 i tried drawing in regular glamour , but hit the glass wall again . 
 i wanted to scream . 
 what was wrong with me ? 
 i had once taken down the iron king ; where was that power now ? 
 ash was going to die in front of me , and i could n't do anything to stop it . 
 something big and black hurtled through the smashed door , diving toward the battle . 
 it screeched as it slammed into a wireman , knocking it off the column , and the rest of the fey looked up , startled at this newest threat . 
 it wheeled around to land on the pillar across from ash-a giant black raven with emerald-green eyes . 
 my heart leaped in my chest . 
 with a harsh , laughing cry , the bird disintegrated , vanishing in a swirling black cloud . 
 a new form rose up from the explosion , shaking feathers from his fiery red hair , a wide , familiar grin spreading across his face . 
 `` hey , princess , '' puck called , brushing feathers from his clothes and gazing around at the carnage . 
 `` looks like i got here just in time . '' 
 the wire-fey paused just a moment , blinking up at this newcomer , than scuttled forward once more . 
 puck drew a furry ball from his pocket , winked at me , and tossed it into the ranks of iron fey swarming below him . 
 it hit the ground , bounced once , and erupted into a large black boar , which charged into the fey with a maddened squeal . 
 puck threw ash a mocking smile . 
 `` you look like crap , prince . 
 did you miss me ? '' 
 ash frowned , stabbing a faery that was clawing at his feet . 
 `` what are you doing here , goodfellow ? '' 
 he asked coldly , which only caused puck 's grin to widen . 
 `` rescuing the princess from the winter court , of course . '' 
 puck looked down as the wire-fey piled on the squealing boar , ripping and slicing . 
 it exploded into a pile of leaves , and they skittered back in confusion . 
 `` though it appears i 'm saving your sorry ass , as well . '' 
 `` i could 've handled it . '' 
 `` oh , i 'm sure . '' 
 puck brandished a pair of curved daggers , the blades clear as glass . 
 his grin turned predatory . 
 `` well , then , shall we get on with it ? 
 try to keep up , your highness . '' 
 `` just stay out of my way . '' 
 they leaped down from their pillars directly into the ranks of wiremen , who instantly swarmed around them . 
 back to back , ash and puck sliced into their opponents with renewed vigor , neither giving an inch now that the other was there . 
 the mob of iron fey thinned rapidly . 
 through the mass of writhing limbs , i caught glimpses of ash 's face , taut with concentration , and puck 's vicious smile . 
 silently , the last few wiremen broke from the whirlwind of death in the middle of the floor . 
 without looking back , they scuttled up the walls , clawed their way through the holes in the roof and were gone . 
 puck , his shirt now a tattered mess , sheathed his daggers and glanced around with a satisfied smirk . 
 `` well , that was fun . '' 
 his gaze found me , still frozen behind the statue , and he shook his head . 
 `` wow , icy reception here . 
 and to think i came back from the dead for this . '' 
 i squeezed from my hiding place , my heart pounding against my ribs , and ran to him . 
 his arms opened , and i threw myself against his chest , hugging him fiercely . 
 he was real . 
 he was here , not dying in a tree somewhere , left behind and forgotten . 
 `` i missed you , '' i whispered against his neck . 
 he held me tighter . 
 `` i 'll always come back for you , '' he murmured , sounding so unlike himself that i pulled back and looked at him . 
 for a moment , his green eyes were intense , and i caught my breath at the emotion smoldering within . 
 then he smirked , and the effect was ruined . 
 i was suddenly aware of ash leaning against a pillar , watching us with an unreadable expression . 
 blood streaked his face , splattering the white flowers beneath him , and his sword dangled limply from his grasp . 
 puck followed my gaze , and his grin grew wider . 
 `` hey , prince , '' he greeted , `` word is you 're a traitor to the winter court . 
 you 've got the entire wyldwood in an uproar-they say you tried to kill rowan after he caught you escaping with the princess . 
 clearly , i 've missed a few things . '' 
 `` news travels fast , '' ash replied wearily . 
 he started to rake a bloody hand through his hair , then thought better of it , dropping it to his side . 
 `` it 's been an interesting morning . '' 
 `` to say the least . '' 
 puck gazed around at the bodies of the wiremen and wrinkled his nose . 
 `` what the hell are those things ? '' 
 `` iron fey , '' i said . 
 `` i 've seen them before . 
 they were in the throne room with tertius when he stole the scepter . '' 
 `` the scepter of the seasons ? '' 
 puck looked at me aghast . 
 `` oh , man . 
 so that 's where the war rumors are coming from . 
 winter really is going to attack summer . '' 
 he glared at ash . 
 `` so , we 're at war . 
 perfect . 
 shall we save time and kill each other now , or did you want to wait until later ? '' 
 `` do n't start , goodfellow . '' 
 ash matched puck 's glare . 
 `` i did n't want this . 
 and i have no time for a fight . '' 
 he sighed , deliberately avoiding my gaze . 
 `` in fact , now that you 're here , you can do us both a favor . 
 i want you to take meghan back to the summer court . '' 
 chapter eight partings and memories `` that 's it ? '' 
 puck asked , as i stared at ash , unable to believe what i 'd just heard . 
 he still was n't looking and me , and puck rattled on without noticing . 
 `` take her back to court ? 
 that 's easy . 
 i was going to do that anyway , whether you liked it or not . 
 comes with the whole rescue thing , you know - '' `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 i yelled , making puck jump . 
 `` the hell with going back to summer ! 
 we need to get the scepter back from the iron fey ! 
 it 's the only way to stop the war . '' 
 `` i 'm aware of that . '' 
 ash finally met my eyes , and his gaze was cold . 
 `` but this is winter 's problem . 
 retrieving the scepter is my responsibility . 
 i want you to return to your own court , meghan . 
 you 'll be safer there . 
 you ca n't help me this time . 
 go home . '' 
 hurt and betrayal stabbed me in the chest . 
 `` you were going to dump me on oberon all along , were n't you ? '' 
 i spit at him . 
 `` you liar . 
 i thought we were going after the scepter together . '' 
 `` i never told you that . '' 
 puck glanced from me to ash and back again , looking confused . 
 `` erm , so you 're saying you do n't want to go back home ? '' 
 he asked me . 
 i glared at him , and he shrugged . 
 `` wow , so that totally makes the whole rescue plan a wash . 
 you wan na throw me a bone here , princess ? 
 i feel somewhat out of the loop . '' 
 `` we have to go after the scepter , '' i told puck , hoping he would back me on this . 
 `` ash ca n't do it by himself . 
 we can help - '' `` no , you ca n't , '' ash broke in . 
 `` not this time . 
 you 'd be no use to me , meghan , not with your magic sealed - '' he caught himself , looking guilty , and puck 's eyes narrowed . 
 `` sealed ? '' 
 puck stepped forward threateningly . 
 `` you put a binding on her ? '' 
 `` i did n't . '' 
 ash stared him down , defiant . 
 `` mab did . 
 when she first came to winter . 
 mab was afraid her power would be too great , so she sealed her magic to protect the court . '' 
 i remembered the wall i kept hitting whenever i tried using more than the simplest glamour , and my temper flared . 
 how dare she ! 
 `` and you knew , '' i accused ash . 
 `` you knew about the seal , and you did n't bother telling me ? '' 
 ash shrugged , unrepentant . 
 `` mab ordered us not to . 
 besides , what difference would it make ? 
 i ca n't do anything about it . '' 
 i turned to puck , who glowered at the prince as though he might attack him right then . 
 `` can you break it ? '' 
 puck shook his head . 
 `` sorry , princess . 
 only mab , or someone of equal power , can remove a binding once it 's been placed . 
 that makes your choices oberon , or mab herself . '' 
 `` all the more reason that you should return to summer . '' 
 ash pushed himself off the pillar , wincing . 
 behind him , the column was smeared with red . 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 i asked , suddenly afraid that he would walk out that door and not return . 
 he sheathed his sword without looking at me . 
 `` there 's a spring a few yards behind this tower , '' he replied , walking slowly toward the door . 
 i sensed he was trying hard not to limp . 
 `` unless either of you object , i 'm going to bathe . '' 
 `` but you 're coming back , right ? '' 
 he sighed . 
 `` i 'm not going anywhere tonight , '' he promised , and swept a hand toward a far wall . 
 `` there 's a trunk with blankets and supplies in that corner . 
 make yourselves comfortable . 
 i think we 're all going to be spending the night here . '' 
 the trunk held several quilts , a few canteens , a quiver of arrows , and a bottle of dark wine i did n't recognize and immediately left alone . 
 puck went hunting for firewood and came back with an armful , plus a branch bearing strange blue fruits he swore were safe to eat . 
 together , we cleared away flowers to make the campfire , though i felt a stab of guilt every time i yanked one up . 
 they were quite beautiful , the petals so thin and delicate they were almost transparent . 
 `` you 're awfully quiet , princess , '' puck said as he arranged the firewood into a tepee . 
 his slanted green eyes shot me a knowing look . 
 `` in fact , you have n't said a word since his royal iciness left . 
 what 's wrong ? '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 i cast about for an excuse . 
 no way was i telling puck about my feelings for ash . 
 he 'd probably challenge him to a duel the moment he walked through the door . 
 `` i. . . 
 um ... i 'm just weirded out , you know , with all those wiremen bodies around . 
 it 's kinda creepy , like they might come to life and attack us while we 're sleeping . '' 
 he rolled his eyes . 
 `` you and your zombie obsession . 
 i 've never understood your fascination with horror movies , especially when they freak you out so much . '' 
 `` they do n't freak me out , '' i said , grateful for the change of subject . 
 `` riiiight , you just sleep with your light on to scare away roaches . '' 
 his comment made me smile . 
 not because he was right , but because it reminded me of another time , a simpler time , when all i had to worry about was homework and school and keeping up with the latest movie trends . 
 when robbie goodfell and i could sit on the couch with a huge tub of popcorn and watch a marathon of friday the 13th movies until the sun came up . 
 i wondered how much i 'd missed in the time i 'd been gone . 
 when i did n't answer , puck snorted and shook his head . 
 `` fine . 
 watch this . '' 
 and he made a quick gesture with his hand . 
 the air shimmered , and the twisted corpses lying around the room turned into piles of branches . 
 `` better ? '' 
 i nodded , though i knew it was only an illusion . 
 the dead fey were still there , beneath the faery glamour . 
 out of sight , out of mind did n't quite work for me , but at least it kept puck from asking too many hard questions . 
 for a little while , anyway . 
 `` so , princess , '' he began , once a cheerful fire crackled in the center of the room . 
 i did n't know how he 'd started it , but i 'd learned not to question such things , in case it turned out to be an illusion and i only thought i was getting warm . 
 `` it seems i 've missed a lot since i 've been gone . 
 tell me everything . '' 
 i gulped . 
 `` everything ? '' 
 `` sure ! '' 
 he sat down on a quilt , leaning back comfortably . 
 `` like , did you find machina ? 
 did you ever get your brother back ? '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 i relaxed a bit and sat down beside him . 
 `` yeah . 
 ethan is safe . 
 he 's home , and that stupid changeling is gone for good . '' 
 `` what about machina ? '' 
 i bit my lip . 
 `` he 's dead . '' 
 puck must 've noticed the change in my voice , for he sat up and put his arm around my shoulders , pulling me close . 
 i leaned into him , feeling his warmth , taking comfort in his nearness . 
 `` i 'm sick of this place , '' i whispered , feeling like a little kid , as my eyes burned and the world went fuzzy . 
 `` i want to go home . '' 
 puck was silent for a moment , just holding me as i leaned against him , fighting back tears . 
 `` you know , '' he said finally , `` i do n't have to take you back to the summer court . 
 if you want , i can take you back to your world . 
 if you really want to go home . '' 
 `` would oberon let me go ? '' 
 `` i do n't see why not . 
 your magic has been sealed off . 
 you 'd be like an ordinary high school student again . 
 mab would n't consider you a threat anymore , so the unseelie would probably leave you alone . '' 
 my heart leaped . 
 home . 
 could i really go home ? 
 back to mom and luke and ethan , back to school and summer jobs and a normal life ? 
 i missed that , more than i realized . 
 i felt a bit guilty for ditching the plan to get the scepter back , but screw it . 
 ash did n't want me around . 
 my contract with him was over , and i 'd paid my dues to the unseelie court . 
 our deal said nothing about me staying in winter . 
 `` what about you ? '' 
 i asked , looking up at puck . 
 `` were n't you ordered to bring me back to summer ? 
 wo n't you get in trouble ? '' 
 `` oh , i 'm in hot water already . '' 
 puck grinned cheerfully . 
 `` i was n't even supposed to let you go after the iron king , remember ? 
 oberon will skin me alive for that one , so i really ca n't dig myself any deeper . '' 
 his tone was light , but i closed my eyes , guilt tearing at me . 
 it seemed everyone i cared about was getting hurt , risking so much , just to protect me . 
 i was tired of it ; i wished i had my magic back , so that i could protect them in return . 
 `` why ? '' 
 i whispered . 
 `` why do you hang around ? 
 you and ash could 've died today . '' 
 puck 's heartbeat sped up under my fingers . 
 his voice , when it came , was very soft , almost a whisper . 
 `` i would 've thought you 'd 've figured that out by now . '' 
 i looked up and found our faces inches apart . 
 twilight had deepened the room to shadow , though the carpet of flowers glowed brighter than ever . 
 firelight danced within puck 's eyes as we stared at each other . 
 though he still wore a tiny , lopsided smile , there was no mistaking the emotion on his face . 
 i stopped breathing . 
 a tiny part of me , somewhere deep inside , was rejoicing at this newest revelation , though i think , deep down , i 'd always suspected . 
 puck loves me , it whispered , thrilled . 
 he 's in love with me . 
 i knew it . 
 i knew it all along . 
 `` you 're kind of blind , you know ? '' 
 puck whispered , smiling to soften his words . 
 `` i would n't defy oberon for just anyone . 
 but , for you ... '' he leaned forward , touching his forehead to mine . 
 `` i 'd come back from the dead for you . '' 
 my heart pounded . 
 that tiny part of me wanted this . 
 puck had always been there : safe , reliable , protective . 
 he was part of my court , so there was no stupid law to get in the way . 
 ash was gone ; he had already made up his mind . 
 why not try with puck ? 
 puck moved closer , his lips hovering an inch from mine . 
 and all i could see was ash , the passion on his face , the look in his eyes when he kissed me . 
 guilt gnawed my insides . 
 no , my mind whispered , as puck 's breath caressed my cheek . 
 i ca n't right now . 
 i 'm sorry , puck . 
 i drew back slightly , ready to apologize , to tell him i could n't right now , when a shadow appeared in the doorway and ash walked in . 
 he froze , silhouetted against the night sky , the flowers casting his features in a pale glow . 
 his hair was slightly damp , and his clothes were mended , whether through glamour or something else i could n't tell . 
 for a moment , shock and hurt lay open on his face , and his hands fisted at his side . 
 then , his expression closed , his eyes turning blank and stony . 
 puck blinked at my expression and turned as ash walked in . 
 `` oh , hey , prince , '' he drawled , completely unconcerned . 
 `` i forgot you were here . 
 sorry ` bout that . '' 
 i tried meeting ash 's gaze , to show him this was n't what he thought , but he was studiously ignoring me . 
 `` i want you gone by morning , '' ash said in cold , clipped tones , sweeping around the campfire . 
 `` i want you out of my territory , you and the princess both . 
 according to the law , i could kill you where you stand for trespassing . 
 if i see either of you in tir na nog again , i wo n't be so lenient . '' 
 `` jeez , do n't get your panties in a twist , your highness . '' 
 puck sniffed . 
 `` we 'll be happy to leave , right , princess ? '' 
 i finally caught ash 's gaze , and my heart sank . 
 he stared at me coldly , no traces of warmth or friendliness on his face . 
 `` yeah , '' i whispered , my throat closing up . 
 this was it , the last straw . 
 i 'd been in faery long enough . 
 it was time to go home . 
 ash began moving the piles of branches , really the dead iron fey , and dumping them outside . 
 he worked quickly and silently , not looking at either of us , almost feverish in his desire to get them out . 
 when the bodies were cleared away , he grabbed the bottle of wine from the trunk and retired to a far corner , brooding into the glass . 
 his entire posture screamed leave me the hell alone , and even though i wanted to go to him , i kept my distance . 
 thankfully , puck did n't try to kiss me again , but he was never far , giving me secret little smiles , letting me know he was still interested . 
 i did n't know what to do . 
 my mind was spinning , unable to settle on one thought . 
 later that evening , ash stood abruptly and left , announcing he was going to `` scout around '' for more iron fey . 
 watching him stalk out the door without a backward glance , i was torn between running after him and sobbing on puck 's shoulder . 
 instead , i pleaded exhaustion and climbed into one of the cots , pulling the blanket over my head so i would n't have to face either of them . 
 it was hard to sleep that night . 
 huddled beneath the quilts , i listened to the sound of puck snoring and fought back tears . 
 i did n't know why i was so miserable . 
 tomorrow , i was going home , at last . 
 i could see mom and luke and ethan again ; i missed them all so much , even luke . 
 though i had no idea how much time had passed in the real world , just the thought of returning home should 've filled me with relief . 
 even if mom and luke were old and gray , and my four-year-old kid brother was older than i was , even if it had been a hundred years , and everyone i knew was ... i gasped and veered my thoughts from that path , refusing to think about it . 
 home would be the same as it always was . 
 i could finally go back to school , learn to drive , maybe even go to prom this year . 
 maybe puck can take me . 
 the thought was so ridiculous i almost laughed out loud , choking on unshed tears . 
 no matter how much i wanted a normal life , there would be a part of me that longed for this world , for the magic and wonder of it . 
 it had seeped into my soul and shown me things i 'd never thought existed . 
 i could n't be normal and ignorant ever again , knowing what was out there . 
 faery was a part of me now . 
 as long as i lived , i would always be watching for hidden doors and figures from the corner of my eyes . 
 and for a certain dark prince who could never be mine . 
 i must 've fallen asleep , for the next thing i knew , i was opening my eyes and the room was bathed in hazy starlight . 
 the flowers had opened completely and were glowing as if tiny moons nestled between the petals , throwing back the darkness . 
 ethereal moths and ghostly butterflies flitted over the carpet , delicate wings reflecting the light as they floated between blooms . 
 careful not to wake puck , i rose and wandered into the flowers , breathing in the heady scent , marveling as a feathery blue moth landed on my thumb , weighing nothing at all . 
 i breathed out , and it fluttered off toward a dark figure in the center of the carpet . 
 ash stood in the middle of the room , surrounded by glowing white flowers , eyes closed as tiny lights swirled around him . 
 they shimmered and drew together , merging into a luminescent faery with long silver hair , her features so lovely and perfect that my throat ached . 
 ash opened his eyes as she reached for him , her hands stopping just shy of his face . 
 longing shone from his eyes , and i shivered as the spectral faery moved right through him , dissolving into tiny lights . 
 `` is that ... ariella ? '' 
 i whispered , walking up behind him . 
 ash whirled around , his eyes widening at the sudden interruption . 
 seeing me , several emotions crossed his face-shock , anger , shame-before he sighed in resignation and turned away . 
 `` no , '' he murmured , as the ghostly faery appeared again , dancing among the flowers . 
 `` it is n't . 
 not in the way you think . '' 
 `` her ghost ? '' 
 he shook his head , his eyes never leaving the specter as she swayed and twirled over the glowing carpet , butterflies drifting around her . 
 `` not even that . 
 there is no afterlife for us . 
 we have no souls with which to haunt the world . 
 this is ... just a memory . '' 
 he sighed , and his voice went very soft . 
 `` she was always happy here . 
 the flowers ... remember . '' 
 i suddenly understood . 
 this was ash 's memory of ariella , perfect , happy and full of life , a yearning so great it was given form , if only for a moment . 
 ariella was n't here . 
 this was only a dream , an echo of a being long departed . 
 tears filled my eyes and ran down my face . 
 the gash on my cheek stung where they passed , but i did n't care . 
 all i could see was ash 's pain , his loneliness , his yearning for someone who was n't me . 
 it was tearing me apart , and i could n't say anything . 
 because i knew , somehow , that ash was saying goodbye , to both of us . 
 we stood in silence for a while , watching ariella 's memory dance among the flowers , her gossamer hair floating on the breeze as bright motes swirled around her . 
 i wondered if she really was that perfect , or if this was what ash remembered her to be . 
 `` i 'm leaving , '' ash said quietly , as i knew he would . 
 he finally turned to face me , solemn , beautiful , and as distant as the stars . 
 `` have goodfellow take you home . 
 it is n't safe here any longer . '' 
 my throat felt tight ; my eyes burned , and i took a shaky breath to free my voice . 
 and even though i already knew the answer , even though my head was telling me to shut up , i whispered , `` i wo n't see you again , will i ? '' 
 he shook his head , once . 
 `` i was n't fair to you , '' he murmured . 
 `` i knew the laws , better than anyone . 
 i knew it would end ... like this . 
 i ignored my better judgment , and for that , i 'm sorry . '' 
 his voice did n't change . 
 it was still calm and polite , but i felt an icy hand squeeze my heart as he continued . 
 `` but , after tonight , we 'll be enemies . 
 your father and my queen will be at war . 
 if i see you again , i might kill you . '' 
 his eyes narrowed , and his voice turned cold . 
 `` for real this time , meghan . '' 
 he half turned , as if to leave . 
 the glow of the flowers made a halo of light around him , only accenting his unearthly beauty . 
 in the distance , ariella danced and twirled , free from sorrow and pain and the trials of the living . 
 `` go home , princess , '' murmured the unseelie prince . 
 `` go home , and forget . 
 you do n't belong here . '' 
 i could n't remember much of the night afterward , though i think it involved a lot of sobbing into my quilt . 
 in the morning , i woke up to snow drifting in through the roof , coating the floor with heavy white powder . 
 the flowers had faded , and ash was already gone . 
 part two chapter nine the summoning the evening following ash 's departure , puck and i hit the edge of the wyldwood . 
 `` not far now , princess , '' puck said , giving me an encouraging grin . 
 a few yards from where we stood , the snow and ice just ... stopped . 
 beyond it , the wyldwood stretched before us , dark , tangled , trapped in perpetual twilight . 
 `` just got ta cross the wyldwood to get you home . 
 you 'll be back to your old boring life before you can say ` summer school . ' '' 
 i tried smiling back , but could n't manage it . 
 even though my heart soared at the thought of home and family and even summer school , i felt i was leaving a part of me behind . 
 throughout our hike , i 'd kept turning around , hoping to see ash 's dark form striding through the snow after us , gruffly embarrassed and taciturn , but there . 
 it did n't happen . 
 tir na nog remained eerily empty and quiet as puck and i continued our journey alone . 
 and as the sun sank lower in the sky and the shadows lengthened around us , i slowly came to realize that ash was n't coming back . 
 he was truly gone . 
 i quivered on the verge of tears but held them back . 
 i did not want to have to explain to puck why i was crying . 
 he already knew i was upset , and kept trying to distract me with jokes and a constant string of questions . 
 what happened after we left him to confront machina ? 
 how did we find the iron realm ? 
 what was it like ? 
 i answered as best i could , leaving out the parts between me and ash , of course . 
 puck did n't need yet another reason to hate the winter prince , and hopefully he would never find out . 
 as we approached the colorless murk of the wyldwood , something moved in the shadows to our left . 
 puck spun with blinding speed , whipping out his dagger , as a spindly form stumbled through the trees and collapsed a few feet away . 
 it was a girl , slender and graceful , with moss-green skin and hair like withered vines . 
 a dryad . 
 the tree woman shuddered and gasped , clawing herself upright . 
 one long-fingered hand clutched her throat as if she were being strangled . 
 `` help ... me , '' she gasped at puck , her brown eyes wide with terror . 
 `` my tree ... '' `` what 's happened to it ? '' 
 puck said , and caught her as she fell . 
 she sagged against him , her head lolling back on her shoulders . 
 `` hey , '' he said , shaking her a little . 
 `` stay with me now . 
 where 's your tree ? 
 did someone cut it down ? '' 
 the dryad gasped for air . 
 `` p-poisoned , '' she whispered , before her eyes rolled up and her body turned to wood in his arms . 
 with the sound of snapping twigs , the dryad curled in on herself until she resembled little more than a bundle of dry branches . 
 i watched the faery 's life fade away , remembered what ash had said about the fey and death , and felt terribly , terribly sad . 
 that was it for her , then . 
 she 'd simply ceased to exist . 
 puck sighed , bowing his head , and gathered the lifeless dryad into his arms . 
 she was thin and brittle now , fragile as spun glass , but not one twig snapped or broke off as he carried her away . 
 with utmost care , he laid the body at the foot of a giant tree , murmured a few words and stepped back . 
 for a moment , nothing happened . 
 then , huge roots unfurled from the ground , wrapping around the dryad to draw her down into the earth . 
 in seconds , she had disappeared . 
 we stood quietly for a moment , unwilling to break the somber mood . 
 `` what did she mean by poisoned ? '' 
 i finally murmured . 
 puck shook himself , giving me a humorless grin . 
 `` let 's find out . '' 
 we did n't have to search far . 
 only a few minutes into the wyldwood , the trees curled away , and we stumbled onto a familiar patch of dead ground in the middle of the forest . 
 an entire swath of forest was sickened and dying , trees twisted into strange metal parodies . 
 metal lampposts grew out of the ground , bent over and flickering erratically . 
 wires crawled over roots and trunks , choking trees and vegetation like red and black creeper vines . 
 the air smelled of copper and decay . 
 `` it 's spreading , '' puck muttered , holding his sleeve to his face as the metallic breeze ruffled my hair and clothes . 
 `` this was n't here a few months ago . '' 
 he turned to me . 
 `` i thought you said you killed the iron king . '' 
 `` i did . 
 i mean , yes , he 's dead . '' 
 i gazed out over the poisoned forest , shuddering . 
 `` but that does n't mean the iron realm is gone . 
 tertius told me he served a new iron king . '' 
 puck 's eyes narrowed . 
 `` another one ? 
 you sort of failed to mention that before , princess . '' 
 shaking his head , he scanned the wasted area and sighed . 
 `` another iron king . 
 dammit , how many of them are we going to have to kill ? 
 are they going to keep popping up like rats ? '' 
 i squirmed at the thought of yet another killing . 
 a sharp wind hissed over the wasteland , scraping the branches of the metal trees , making me shiver . 
 puck coughed and staggered away . 
 `` well , come on , princess . 
 we ca n't do anything about it now . 
 let 's get you home . '' 
 home . 
 i thought about my family , about my normal life , so tantalizingly close . 
 i thought of the nevernever , dying and fading away bit by bit . 
 and i made my decision . 
 `` no . '' 
 puck blinked and looked back . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` i ca n't go home yet , puck . '' 
 i gazed around at the poisoned nevernever , seeing echoes of machina 's realm looming over everything . 
 `` look at this . 
 people are dying . 
 i ca n't close my eyes and pretend it is n't happening . '' 
 `` why not ? '' 
 i blinked at him , stunned by his cavalier attitude . 
 he just grinned . 
 `` you 've done enough , princess . 
 i think you deserve to go home after everything you went through . 
 hell , you already took care of one iron king . 
 the nevernever will be fine , trust me . '' 
 `` what about the scepter ? '' 
 i persisted . 
 `` and the war ? 
 oberon should know mab is planning to attack him . '' 
 puck shrugged , looking uncomfortable . 
 `` i was already planning on telling him , princess , provided he does n't turn me into a rat as soon as he sees me . 
 as for the scepter , the ice prince is already looking for it . 
 not a lot we can do , there . '' 
 at my protest , he waved a hand airily . 
 `` the war is going to start with or without us , princess . 
 it 's nothing new . 
 winter and summer have always been at odds . 
 not a century goes by that there is n't some kind of fighting going on . 
 this will pass , like it always does . 
 somehow , the scepter will be returned , and things will go back to normal . '' 
 i frowned , remembering something mab had said to oberon at the ceremony . 
 `` what about my world ? '' 
 i demanded . 
 `` mab said there would be a catastrophe if summer held the scepter longer than it was supposed to . 
 what will happen if the iron king gets it ? 
 things will get really screwed up , right ? '' 
 puck scratched the back of his neck . 
 `` erm ... maybe . '' 
 `` maybe , like how ? '' 
 `` ever wanted to go sledding in the mojave desert ? '' 
 i stared at him . 
 `` we ca n't let that happen , puck ! 
 what 's wrong with you ? 
 i ca n't believe you 'd think i 'd just ignore this ! '' 
 he shrugged , still infuriatingly nonchalant , and i went for the cheap shot . 
 `` you 're just afraid , are n't you ? 
 you 're scared of the iron fey and you do n't want to get involved . 
 i did n't think you 'd be such a coward . '' 
 `` i 'm trying to keep you safe ! '' 
 puck exploded , whirling on me . 
 his eyes glowed feverishly , and i shrank back . 
 `` this is n't a game , meghan ! 
 the shit is about to hit the fan , and you 're right in the middle of it without knowing enough to duck ! '' 
 righteous indignation flared ; i was sick of being told what to do , that i should be afraid . 
 `` i 'm not helpless , puck ! '' 
 i shot back . 
 `` i 'm not some squealing cheerleader you have to babysit . 
 i 've got blood on my hands now , too . 
 i killed the iron king , and i still have nightmares about it . 
 i killed something ! 
 and i 'd do it again , if i had to ! '' 
 `` i know that , '' puck snapped , throwing up his hands . 
 `` i know you 'd risk everything to protect us , and that 's what worries me . 
 you still do n't know enough about this world to be properly terrified . 
 things are going to get screwed eight ways from sunday , and you 're making goo-goo eyes at the enemy ! 
 i heard what happened in machina 's realm and yes , it scared the hell out of me . 
 i love you , dammit . 
 i 'm not going to watch you get torn apart when everything goes bad . '' 
 my stomach twisted , both from his confession , and what he 'd said about me and ash . 
 `` you ... you knew ? '' 
 i stammered . 
 he gave me a scornful look . 
 `` i 've been around a long time , princess . 
 give me a little credit . 
 even a blind man would see the way you looked at him . 
 i 'm guessing something happened in machina 's realm , but once you came out , our boy remembered he was n't supposed to fall in love with summer . '' 
 i blushed , and puck shook his head . 
 `` i did n't say anything because he 'd already made up his mind to leave . 
 you might not know the consequences , princess , but ash does . 
 he did the right thing , much as i hate to speak well of him . '' 
 my lip trembled . 
 puck snorted , but saw me teetering on the brink of tears . 
 his expression softened . 
 `` forget about him , meghan , '' he said gently . 
 `` ash is bad news . 
 even if the law was n't an issue , i 've fought him enough times to know he would break your heart . '' 
 the tears finally spilled over . 
 `` i ca n't , '' i whispered , giving in to the despair that had followed me all morning . 
 this was n't fair to puck , after he 'd finally confessed that he loved me , but i could n't seem to stop . 
 my soul cried out for ash , for his courage and determination ; for the way his eyes thawed when he looked at me , as if i were the only person in the world ; for that beautiful , wounded spirit i saw beneath the cold exterior he showed the world . 
 `` i ca n't forget . 
 i miss him . 
 i know he 's the enemy , and we broke all kinds of rules , but i do n't care . 
 i miss him so much , puck . '' 
 puck sighed , either in sympathy or aggravation , and pulled me close . 
 i sobbed into his chest , releasing all the pent-up emotions that had been building since i first saw ash in the throne room . 
 puck held me and stroked my hair like old times , saying nothing , until the tears finally slowed and i sniffled against his shirt . 
 `` better ? '' 
 he murmured . 
 i nodded and broke away , wiping my eyes . 
 the ache was still there , but it was bearable now . 
 i knew it would be a long time before the hurt went away , if ever , but i knew in my heart that i had said my last goodbyes to ash . 
 now , maybe i could let him go . 
 puck moved behind me and put his hands on my shoulders , leaning close . 
 `` i know it 's too soon right now , '' he muttered into my hair , `` but , just so you know , i 'll wait . 
 when you 're ready , i 'll be right here . 
 do n't forget , princess . '' 
 i could only nod . 
 puck squeezed my shoulders and stepped back , waiting quietly while i composed myself . 
 when i turned around again , he was back to being normal puck , perpetual grin plastered to his face , leaning against a tree . 
 `` well , '' he sighed , `` i do n't suppose i 'll be changing that stubborn mind of yours , will i ? '' 
 `` no , you wo n't . '' 
 `` i was afraid of that . '' 
 he leaped onto an old stump , crossing his arms and cocking his head . 
 `` well then , my scheming princess , what 's the plan ? '' 
 i wanted to smile at him , but something was wrong . 
 my legs felt all tingly , and a strange pull tugged at my stomach . 
 i felt restless , like ants crawled beneath my skin , and i could n't hold still if my life depended on it . 
 without meaning to , i began edging away from puck , toward the forest . 
 `` princess ? '' 
 puck hopped down , frowning . 
 `` you all right ? 
 got ants in your pants or something ? '' 
 i had just opened my mouth to reply when some invisible force nearly yanked me off my feet , and i shrieked instead . 
 puck reached for me , but i leaped away without meaning to . 
 `` what is this ? '' 
 i cried , as the strange force yanked on me again , urging me into the trees . 
 `` i ca n't ... stop . 
 what 's going on ? '' 
 puck grabbed my arm , holding me back , and my stomach felt like it was being pulled in two . 
 i screamed , and puck let go , his face white with shock . 
 `` it 's a summoning , '' he said , hurrying after me as i walked away . 
 `` something is calling you . 
 did you make a bargain or give anything personal away recently ? 
 hair ? 
 blood ? 
 a piece of clothing ? '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 i cried , grabbing a vine to stop myself . 
 pain shot up my arms , and i let go with a yelp . 
 `` i have n't given anything away ! 
 how do i stop it ? '' 
 `` you ca n't . '' 
 puck jogged at my side , his gaze intense and worried , but he made no move to touch me . 
 `` if something is calling , you have to go . 
 it only gets more painful if you resist . 
 do n't worry , though . '' 
 he attempted a cheerful grin . 
 `` i 'll be right behind you . '' 
 `` do n't worry ? '' 
 i tried to scowl at him over my shoulder . 
 `` this is like invasion of the body snatchers ; of course i 'm worried ! '' 
 once more , i tried latching on to a tree to stop my feet from waltzing away without my say-so . 
 no use . 
 my arms would n't even obey me anymore . 
 with a final glance at puck , i gave in to the strange compulsion and let my body take me away . 
 i strode through the forest like i was on a mission , ignoring all but the greatest obstacles . 
 i scrambled over rocks and fallen trees , charged headlong down gullies , and walked through brambles and briar patches , gasping as they tore at my skin and clothes . 
 puck followed close behind , his worried gaze at my back , but he did n't stop me a second time . 
 my legs burned , my breath came in short gasps , and my arms bled from dozens of cuts and scratches , but i could no sooner make myself stop than fly . 
 and so we continued our mad rush through the forest , getting farther away from tir na nog and deeper into unknown territory . 
 night was falling when the weird spell faded at last , and my feet stopped so abruptly that i fell , pitching forward and rolling in the dirt . 
 puck was beside me instantly , helping me up , asking whether i was okay . 
 i could n't answer him at first . 
 my legs burned , and all i could do was suck air into my starving lungs and feel relieved that my body was finally my own again . 
 `` where are we ? '' 
 i gasped as soon as i was able . 
 it seemed we had stumbled onto some sort of village . 
 simple mud and thatch huts lay in a loose semicircle around a fire pit , which was empty and cold . 
 bones , animal skins , and half-eaten carcasses lay scattered about , buzzing with flies . 
 `` looks like an abandoned goblin village , '' puck muttered as i leaned against him , still gasping . 
 he looked down at me , smirking . 
 `` piss off any goblins lately , princess ? '' 
 `` what ? 
 no . '' 
 i wiped sweat from my eyes and stumbled over to a log , collapsing on it with a groan . 
 `` at least , i do n't think so . '' 
 `` there you are , '' came a disembodied voice , from somewhere near the edge of the trees . 
 i jumped up and looked around , but could n't see the speaker . 
 `` you are late . 
 i was afraid you had gotten lost , or eaten . 
 but , i suppose it is only human failing that is to blame for the loss of punctuality . '' 
 my heart leaped . 
 i knew that voice ! 
 i gazed around eagerly , but of course i could n't see anything until puck grabbed my arm and pointed me toward the edge of the trees . 
 an old log lay in the shadows just outside the village border , dappled by moonlight . 
 one moment , it was empty . 
 then , i blinked , or the moonlight shifted , and a large gray cat sat there , bottlebrush tail curled around his legs , regarding me with lazy golden eyes . 
 `` grimalkin ! '' 
 grimalkin blinked at me , looking much as he always did , long gray fur blending perfectly into the moonlight and shadows . 
 he ignored me as i rushed up , completely absorbed in washing his front paw . 
 i might have swooped him up and given him a squeeze , if i did n't know his sharp claws would turn my face into hamburger and he would never forgive me . 
 puck grinned . 
 `` hey , cat , '' he greeted with an airy wave . 
 `` long time no see . 
 i guess you 're the one responsible for our little death march ? '' 
 the feline yawned . 
 `` that is the last time i put a summoning on a human , '' he mused , raising a hind leg to scratch his ear . 
 `` i could have taken a nap instead of waiting for you to finally show up . 
 what took you so long , human ? 
 did you walk ? '' 
 i finally remembered : grimalkin had helped me in the search for my brother , and in return , we had agreed that he could call on me , once , at a time of his choosing , though i 'd had no idea what that entailed at the time . 
 that was our bargain . 
 seems he 'd finally gotten around to calling it in . 
 `` what are you doing here , grim ? '' 
 i asked , torn between delight and aggravation . 
 i was happy to see him , of course , but i was n't thrilled about the forced march through goblin-infested woodlands , just to say hi . 
 `` this better be good , cat . 
 your stupid summoning spell could 've killed me . 
 what is it you want ? '' 
 grimalkin turned to groom his hindquarters . 
 `` i do not want anything from you , human , '' he said between licks . 
 `` i brought you here as a favor for someone else . 
 you will have to take your business up with him . 
 and , if you would , remind him that he now owes me a boon , since i wasted a perfectly good summoning on you . '' 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 `` he means me , meghan chase . '' 
 the thunderous voice shook the ground , and the smell of burning coal drifted over the breeze . 
 `` i asked him to call you here . '' 
 something stepped out from behind a hut , a monstrous horse of blackened iron , with burning red eyes and flames smoldering through the chinks in its belly . 
 steam billowed from its nostrils as it swung to face me , huge and imposing and terrifyingly familiar . 
 ironhorse . 
 chapter ten truth and lies `` stop ! '' 
 ironhorse bellowed as puck immediately pulled out his dagger , shoving me behind him . 
 `` i did not come here to fight , robin goodfellow . 
 put your weapon down and listen to me . '' 
 `` oh , i do n't think so , rusty , '' puck sneered , as we began backing toward the edge of the village . 
 `` i have a better idea . 
 you stay there until we get to oberon , who will rip you apart and bury your pieces so far apart you 'll never get put back together . '' 
 my heart pounded , both from fear and a sudden fury . 
 ironhorse was one of machina 's lieutenants , sent to capture me and bring me to the iron king . 
 we 'd escaped him twice before , once in tir na nog and once in the iron kingdom , but ironhorse had a bad habit of popping up when we least expected it . 
 i certainly had n't expected to run into him here . 
 `` dammit , grim ! '' 
 i raged , shooting the cat a furious glare as we backed up . 
 he blinked at me calmly . 
 `` you sold us out to them ? 
 that 's low , even for you . '' 
 grimalkin sighed and gave ironhorse a chiding look . 
 `` i thought you were to stay hidden until i could explain things , '' he said with an exasperated flick of his tail . 
 `` i told you they would overreact . '' 
 ironhorse stamped a hoof , sending an explosion of dirt into the air . 
 `` time is pressing , '' he boomed , tossing his head . 
 `` we do not have the luxury of waiting much longer . 
 meghan chase , i must speak with you . 
 will you hear me out ? '' 
 i hesitated . 
 this was new . 
 normally , about this time , we 'd be fighting for our lives . 
 ironhorse was n't usually polite . 
 and grimalkin still watched calmly from the log , gauging our reaction . 
 curiosity got the better of me . 
 i put a hand on puck 's arm to stop him from backing up farther . 
 `` i want to talk to him , '' i whispered , ignoring his frown . 
 `` he came here for a reason , and maybe he knows about the scepter . 
 keep an eye on him , will you ? '' 
 puck glared at me , then shrugged . 
 `` fine , princess . 
 but the second he makes a move , he 'll be upside down in a tree before he can blink . '' 
 i squeezed his arm and stepped around him to face ironhorse . 
 the huge iron fey loomed over me , steam writhing from his mouth and nostrils . 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 i 'd forgotten how big ironhorse was . 
 not just tall , but massive . 
 he shifted his weight , gears clanking and groaning , and i took a wary step back . 
 he might not be attacking , but i trusted him about as far as i could throw him , which was not at all . 
 i also had n't forgiven him for nearly killing ash the last time we 'd met . 
 ironhorse lowered his head in what was almost a bow . 
 `` thank you , meghan chase . 
 i called you here because we have a mutual problem . 
 you seek the scepter of the seasons , is that not correct ? '' 
 i crossed my arms . 
 `` what do you know about that ? '' 
 `` i know where it is , '' ironhorse continued , swishing his tail with a clanking sound . 
 `` i can help you retrieve it . '' 
 puck laughed . 
 `` sure you can , '' he mocked , as ironhorse snorted and pinned his ears . 
 `` and all we have to do is follow you like eager little puppy dogs , all the way into the trap . 
 sorry , tin can , we 're not that naive . '' 
 ironhorse snorted . 
 `` do not mock me , robin goodfellow , '' he said with a blast of flame from his nostrils . 
 `` my offer is genuine . 
 i do not seek to mislead you . '' 
 `` bull , '' i snapped , crossing my arms . 
 ironhorse blinked at me , astonished . 
 `` tertius and a bunch of creepy metal assassins stole the scepter and killed sage , knowing mab would blame oberon for it . 
 the new iron king designed this war . 
 he plans to slaughter everyone when the courts are at their weakest . 
 why would you want to help us stop it ? '' 
 `` because - '' ironhorse stamped a hoof . '' 
 - the new iron king is a fraud . '' 
 it was my turn to blink at him . 
 `` a fraud ? 
 what do you mean ? '' 
 the lieutenant tossed his head disdainfully . 
 `` exactly what i said . 
 the king currently sitting the throne is an intruder and a fake . 
 i feel no loyalty toward him . '' 
 he swished his tail and raised his head imperiously . 
 `` i am not like the iron brotherhood . 
 the knights were created to obey whoever sits upon the throne . 
 their sense of duty is warped . 
 i know the truth . 
 and i will not serve him . '' 
 i glanced at puck . 
 `` what do you think of all this ? '' 
 `` me ? '' 
 puck smirked and crossed his arms . 
 `` i think all iron fey should be melted down into scrap metal . 
 i would n't follow rusty here if my life depended on it . '' 
 `` how very predictable . '' 
 grimalkin 's voice drifted up from near my feet . 
 i had n't even heard him move . 
 `` your prejudice blinds you to what is really happening . '' 
 `` oh , really ? '' 
 i glared at him . 
 `` then why do n't you tell us what 's going on , grim . '' 
 grimalkin yawned . 
 `` is it not obvious ? 
 when you killed machina , the iron fey lost their ruler . 
 they needed someone to sit upon the throne , give them direction . 
 a false monarch claiming to be the iron king answered them , but not everyone accepted him . 
 now , the iron fey are split into two camps , one siding with the false king , and one that wishes to bring him down . 
 ironhorse is part of the second . 
 is that not true ? '' 
 `` that is correct . '' 
 `` if the false king gets the scepter , he will become even more powerful , '' grimalkin continued , gazing at me with unblinking golden eyes . 
 `` if he is to be stopped , it must happen before he receives it . 
 ironhorse claims to know its location . 
 you would be foolish not to listen to him . '' 
 `` what if he 's lying ? '' 
 ironhorse threw up his head with an indignant blast of flame . 
 `` i do not lie , '' he boomed , and i shrank back from the heat . 
 `` despite what you think of me , i am still fey , and no fey can tell an untruth . '' 
 blinking , i looked at puck . 
 i had n't heard that before , except in vague mentions of faery lore . 
 `` really ? '' 
 puck nodded . 
 `` pretty much , princess . '' 
 he shot an evil look at ironhorse . 
 `` though comparing rusty to one of us is a bit of a stretch . '' 
 `` but ... you told lies all the time , when you were robbie . 
 your entire life was a lie . '' 
 grimalkin snorted . 
 `` just because he can not lie does not mean he can not deceive , human . 
 robin goodfellow is an expert at dancing around the truth . '' 
 `` oh , look who 's talking . 
 if you 're not an expert at screwing people over , i 'll eat my head . '' 
 ironhorse snorted and shook his mane . 
 `` enough . 
 time is pressing . 
 we do not have time to argue . 
 meghan chase , will you accept my help or not ? '' 
 i looked him in the eye . 
 his blank , rigid mask gazed back at me , expressionless and impassive . 
 `` are you really here to help us ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` you really want to get the scepter back and stop the war ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` and , you are n't going to lead us into some kind of trap ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 i took a deep breath and let it out again . 
 `` that seems to be all the questions i can think of right now . '' 
 `` here 's an important one , '' puck added . 
 `` where is the scepter anyway , rusty ? '' 
 ironhorse blew a puff of steam at him . 
 `` i do not answer to you , oldblood . 
 my bargain is with the girl . '' 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 puck 's grin grew dangerous . 
 `` what if i take you apart and turn you into a toaster oven ? 
 how 'd you like that , tin can ? '' 
 `` i would like to see you try . '' 
 `` guys , please ! '' 
 this was as bad as refereeing the frequent threat-fests between puck and ash . 
 `` enough with the posturing and testosterone . 
 ironhorse , if we 're going to do this , we need to know where the scepter is . 
 we ca n't follow you blindly into wherever . '' 
 ironhorse bobbed his head . 
 `` of course , meghan chase . '' 
 i frowned at his compliancy , but he went on without pause . 
 `` the scepter of the seasons has been taken into the mortal realm . 
 it is being held in a place called silicon valley . '' 
 `` silicon valley ? 
 that 's in california . '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` why there ? '' 
 `` silicon valley was the birthplace of lord machina , '' ironhorse said gravely . 
 `` many of his lieutenants , like virus and glitch , also hail from that area . 
 it is a region of iron fey , one that the oldbloods - '' he shot a glance at puck '' - avoid completely . 
 it is the ideal place to hide the scepter . '' 
 `` you can say that again , '' i mused . 
 silicon valley was n't just one city , it was every city in that area . 
 `` finding the scepter will be like looking for a needle in a haystack-in a field of haystacks . '' 
 `` i can find it . '' 
 ironhorse raised his head , looking down his long nose at us . 
 `` i swear it . 
 do you want me to say the words ? 
 meghan chase , i , ironhorse , last lieutenant of lord machina , will take you to the scepter of the seasons , and i vow to protect you until it is in your hands . 
 this i swear , on my honor and my duty to the true monarch of the iron court . '' 
 i drew in a breath , and even puck looked surprised . 
 an oath like that meant the speaker was bound to fulfill it . 
 ironhorse was n't playing around . 
 as i stood there gaping at him , puck took my arm and turned me aside . 
 `` what about oberon ? '' 
 he murmured . 
 `` he 's the only one who can remove the seal . 
 if we go gallivanting off to california , you wo n't have your magic to protect you . '' 
 `` we ca n't worry about that now . '' 
 i shook off his hand . 
 `` the scepter is more important . 
 besides , that 's what i have you for . '' 
 i smiled at him , and turned to ironhorse . 
 `` all right , ironhorse . 
 we have a deal . 
 take us to the scepter . '' 
 `` finally . '' 
 grimalkin stood and stretched , bottlebrush tail curling over his back . 
 `` you make decisions as slowly as you answer summonings , human . 
 i do hope this will not become a habit . '' 
 `` wait . 
 you 're coming , too ? 
 why ? '' 
 `` i am bored . '' 
 grimalkin waved his tail languidly . 
 `` and you are always entertaining ... except when i am waiting for you to arrive , of course . 
 besides , the lieutenant and i have business , as well . '' 
 `` you do ? '' 
 i waited , but he did n't elaborate . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 he sniffed and half slitted his eyes . 
 `` none of your concern , human . 
 and you will need my guidance , if you want to get the scepter as quickly as possible . 
 i believe the closest trod to silicon valley is through the briars . '' 
 puck 's eyebrows shot up . 
 `` the briars ? 
 you 're risking an awful lot , cat . 
 why do n't we try a trod a little less , oh i do n't know ... lethal ? 
 if we double back , we can use the trod through the frost meadows . 
 that will bring us close to san francisco , and we can easily hitch a ride from there . '' 
 grimalkin shook his head . 
 `` if we want to reach silicon valley , we must go through the thorns . 
 do not worry , i will not get you lost . 
 the trod past the frost meadows has become inaccessible . 
 it sits too close to tir na nog . '' 
 `` still do n't see the problem , cat . '' 
 ironhorse snorted . 
 `` the frost meadows have become a battlefield , robin goodfellow , '' he said , making my stomach clench . 
 `` winter has already cut a swath of destruction through the wyldwood , and they are advancing on summer as we speak . 
 there is a huge army of unseelie between us and that trod . 
 the caith sith is right-we can not turn back . '' 
 `` of course i am , '' grimalkin agreed . 
 `` we go through the briars . '' 
 `` i do n't get it , '' i said , as grim trotted off with his tail in the air , confident in his victory . 
 `` what are the briars ? 
 grimalkin ? 
 hey ! '' 
 grimalkin looked back , his eyes bright floating orbs in the gloom . 
 `` i am not here to chitchat , human . 
 if you truly want your question answered , ask your puck . 
 perhaps he will be able to soften the reality for you . 
 i would not . '' 
 he twitched his tail , and continued into the trees without looking back . 
 i looked at puck . 
 he grimaced and shot me a humorless smile . 
 `` right . 
 the briars . 
 just a second , princess . 
 hey , rusty , '' he called , motioning to ironhorse , who pinned back his ears , `` why do n't you walk ahead of us , huh ? 
 i want your big ugly ass where i can see it . '' 
 ironhorse glared at him balefully , tossed his head , and strode after the quickly vanishing grimalkin . 
 the iron faery left a faint path of destruction in his wake ; branches curled away from him , plants withered and grass shriveled under his feet , leaving burned-out hoofprints on the trail . 
 shaking his head , puck muttered something very rude under his breath and followed , leading us deeper into the wyldwood . 
 chapter eleven the briars later , after a night of following grimalkin through increasingly thick forest , i decided that some questions are better left unanswered . 
 `` the briars , '' puck began , keeping a wary eye on ironhorse walking in front of us , `` or brambles or thorns , or whatever you want to call it , is a maze . 
 no one knows how big it really is , but it 's huge . 
 some say it encircles the entire nevernever . 
 there are rumors that if you 're in the wyldwood and start walking in any direction , you 'll eventually hit the briars . 
 you can find patches growing most anywhere , from the greatwood and the venom swamps , to the courts of arcadia and tir na nog . '' 
 `` like the hedge , '' i murmured , remembering the tunnel of thorns in oberon 's court and the brambly escape route grimalkin had used to get us out of faery . 
 the bramble wall surrounding the seelie court had opened for the cat , revealing a maze of tunnels in the thorns , and i 'd followed him as he led me back to the mortal world . 
 puck nodded . 
 `` that 's another name for it . 
 though the hedge is a tamer version of the real briars . 
 in arcadia , the hedge responds fairly consistently , taking you wherever you want to go within the court . 
 out here , in the wyldwood , the briars are rather ... sadistic . '' 
 `` you make it sound like they 're alive . '' 
 puck gave me a very eerie stare . 
 `` they are alive , princess , '' he warned in a low voice . 
 `` not in the way that we 're accustomed to , but do not take them lightly . 
 the briars are a force , one that can not be tamed or understood , even by oberon or mab . 
 and they 're always hungry . 
 it 's easy to get in-getting out is the tricky part . 
 not only that , but the things that live in the briars are always hungry , too . '' 
 i felt a chill run all the way down my spine . 
 `` and we 're going through the briars ... why ? '' 
 `` because the briars have the greatest concentration of trods in all the nevernever , '' puck replied . 
 `` there are doors hidden throughout the briars , some constantly shifting , some only appearing at a special time under special circumstances . 
 rumors are that , within the briars , there is a trod to every doorway in the mortal realm , from an l.a. strip club to some kid 's bedroom closet . 
 find the right door , and you 're home free . '' 
 the grin grew wider , and he shook his head . 
 `` but you have to get to it first . '' 
 rain hissed through the branches of the trees , a cold , gray rain that leeched color from everything it touched . 
 even puck 's bright auburn hair turned dull and colorless in the misty deluge . 
 he 'd rake his fingers through it , streaking his hair with red , only to have the rain soak through it once more , bleaching away the color . 
 grimalkin was nearly invisible ; not even his eyes glimmered in the gloom . 
 above us , the massive wall of black thorns rose into the air , tendrils creaking and curling about . 
 some of the thorns were longer than me , waving about like the spines of a sea urchin , and the whole thing bristled with eerie menace . 
 i shivered , even standing close to ironhorse and the smoldering heat radiating from him . 
 the iron faery steamed in the rain , surrounded by writhing smoke , as water struck his hot metal skin and sizzled away . 
 ironhorse gazed up at the wall of thorns , craning his neck to stare at it , billowing like a small geyser in the storm . 
 `` how do we get through ? '' 
 i wondered . 
 no sooner were the words out of my mouth than the wall shifted . 
 branches creaked and moaned as they peeled away to reveal a narrow , spiky corridor through the thorns . 
 mist curled out of the hallway , and the space beyond was choked in shadow . 
 puck crossed his arms . 
 `` looks like we 're expected . '' 
 he looked down at grimalkin , a gray ghost in the mist , calmly washing his front paws . 
 `` you sure you can get us through , cat ? '' 
 grimalkin gave one paw a few more licks before standing up . 
 shaking himself so that water flew everywhere , he yawned , stretched and trotted forward without looking back . 
 `` follow me and find out '' were his last words before he vanished into the tunnel . 
 puck rolled his eyes . 
 holding out his hand , he gave me an encouraging smile . 
 `` come on , princess . 
 do n't want to get separated in here . '' 
 i clasped his hand , and he curled his fingers tight around mine . 
 `` let 's go , then . 
 rusty can bring up the rear . 
 that way , if we 're jumped from behind , we wo n't lose anything important . '' 
 i felt ironhorse 's indignant snort as we entered the tunnel , and i pressed closer to puck as the shadows closed in on us like grasping fingers . 
 around us , the corridor pulsed with life , slithering , creaking , unfurling with faint hissing sounds . 
 whispers and strange voices drifted down the hallway , murmuring words i could n't quite understand . 
 as we stepped in farther , the hole behind us shut with a quiet hiss , trapping us within the briars . 
 `` this way , '' came grimalkin 's disembodied voice up ahead . 
 `` try to stay close . '' 
 the bristly walls of the corridor seemed to press in on us . 
 puck did n't release my hand , but we had to walk single file through the tunnel to avoid behind scratched . 
 a couple times , i thought i saw a thorn or creeper actually move toward me , as if to prick my skin or catch my clothes . 
 once , i glanced back at ironhorse to see how he was faring , but the thorns , much like the rest of the nevernever , seemed loath to touch the great iron fey , curling back from him as he passed . 
 the tunnel finally opened up into a small hollow with tunnels and paths twisting off in all directions . 
 overhead , the canopy of bramble shut out the light , so thick you could n't see the sky through the cracks . 
 bones lay here and there among the thorns , bleached white and gleaming in the darkness . 
 a skull grinned at me from a tangle of brambles , empty eye sockets crawling with worms . 
 i shuddered and turned my face into puck 's shoulder . 
 `` where 's grim ? '' 
 i whispered . 
 `` here , '' grimalkin said , appearing out of nowhere . 
 the cat leaped atop a large skull and regarded each of us in turn . 
 `` we are going deep into the briars now , '' he stated in a calm , very soft voice . 
 `` i would tell you what we might face , but perhaps it is better that i do not . 
 try to be silent . 
 do not separate . 
 do not go down another path . 
 and stay away from any doors you come across . 
 many of the gates here are a one-way trip ; go through one and you might not be able to go back . 
 are you ready ? '' 
 i raised my hand . 
 `` how do you know your way around this place , grim ? '' 
 grimalkin blinked . 
 `` i am a cat , '' he said , and vanished down one of the tunnels . 
 when i was twelve , my school took a field trip to a `` haunted '' corn maze on the outskirts of town , a week or so before halloween . 
 sitting on the bus , listening to the boys brag about who would find his way out first , and the girls giggling in their own little groups , i made my own vow that i would do just as well . 
 i remember walking down the rows of corn all by myself , feeling a thrill of both fear and excitement as i tried finding my way to the center and back again . 
 and i remembered the sinking feeling in my gut when i knew i was lost , when i realized no one would help me , that i was alone . 
 this was ten thousand times worse . 
 the briars were never still . 
 they were always moving , slithering , reaching for you out of the corner of your eye . 
 sometimes , if you listened just right , you could almost hear them whisper your name . 
 deep within the tangled darkness , twigs snapped and branches rustled as things moved through the brambles . 
 i never got a clear look , just glimpsed dark shapes shuffling away into the undergrowth . 
 it creeped me out . 
 big-time . 
 the briars went on , an endless maze of twisted thorns and gnarled branches , shifting , creaking and reaching out for us . 
 as we ventured ever deeper , doors , frames and archways began appearing at odd intervals in completely random places . 
 a faded red door hung perilously from an overhead branch , a tarnished 216 glimmering in the dim light . 
 a filthy restroom stall , cracked and shedding green paint , stood near the edge of the path , so wrapped in thorns that it would be impossible to push the door open . 
 something lean and black slithered across our path and vanished through an open closet . 
 as it creaked shut , i caught a glimpse of a child 's bedroom through the frame , and a crib outlined in moonlight , before thorny vines curled around the door and pulled it back into the briars . 
 grimalkin never hesitated , leading us on without a backward glance , passing gates and doors and strange , random things stuck in the tangled web of thorns . 
 a mirror , a doll and an empty golf bag dangled from the branches as we walked by , as well as the countless bones and sometimes full skeletons that littered the trail . 
 strange creatures watched us from the shadows , mostly unseen , just their eyes glowing in the dark . 
 black birds with human faces perched in the branches , observing us silently as we passed , like waiting vultures . 
 at one point , grimalkin pulled us all into a side tunnel , hissing at us to be quiet and not move . 
 moments later , a massive spider , easily the size of a car , crawled over the brambles directly overhead , and i bit my lip so hard that i tasted blood . 
 huge and shiny , with a splash of red across its bloated abdomen , it paused a moment , as if sensing warm blood and fluids were very close , waiting for the slightest tremor to betray its quarry . 
 we held our breath and pretended to be stone . 
 for several heart-pounding seconds , we crouched in the tunnel , feeling our muscles cramp and our hearts thud too loud in our chests . 
 above us , the spider sat perfectly still as well , patiently waiting for its prey to grow bored , to assume it was safe and make the first move that would be its last . 
 eventually , something rustled in the branches ahead , and it darted away , frighteningly quick for something that huge . 
 the scream of some unfortunate creature pierced the air , and then silence . 
 for a few moments after the spider left , no one dared to move . 
 eventually , grimalkin crept forward , poking his head out warily , scanning the thorns . 
 `` wait here , '' he told us . 
 `` i will see if it is safe . '' 
 slipping into the shadows like a ghost , he disappeared . 
 i sagged to my knees as the adrenaline wore off and my muscles started to shake , leaving me weak and nearly hyperventilating . 
 i could handle goblins and bogeymen and evil , flesh-eating horses , but giant freaking spiders ? 
 that 's where i drew the line . 
 puck knelt and put a hand on my shoulder . 
 `` you okay , princess ? '' 
 i nodded , ready to make some snarky comment about the pest problem around here . 
 but then , one of the thorns moved . 
 frowning , i bent closer , squinting my eyes . 
 for a moment , nothing happened . 
 then , the three-inch barb shivered and unfurled into a pair of pointed black wings , attached to a tiny faery with glittering eyes that glared with insectlike menace . 
 its spindly body was covered by a shiny black carapace . 
 spikes grew from its elbows and shoulders , and it clutched a thorn-tipped spear in one tiny claw . 
 as we stared at each other , the faery curled its lip , revealing teeth as sharp as needles , and flew at my face . 
 i jerked back , swatting wildly , and hit puck , causing us both to tumble back . 
 the faery dodged my flailing hands , buzzing around us like an angry wasp . 
 i saw it pause , hovering in the air like an evil hummingbird , then streak forward with a raspy cry . 
 a gout of flame seared the air in front of me . 
 i felt the blast of heat on my face , bringing tears to my eyes , and the faery disappeared into the fire . 
 its tiny , charred body dropped like a stone to the earth , curling in on itself , the delicate black wings seared away . 
 it gave an insectlike twitch , then was still . 
 ironhorse tossed his head and snorted , looking pleased as smoke curled from his nostrils . 
 puck grimaced as he pushed himself to his feet , holding out a hand to help me up . 
 `` you know , i 'm really starting to hate the insect life around here , '' he muttered . 
 `` next time , remind me to bring a can of off ! '' 
 `` you did n't have to kill it , '' i told ironhorse , dusting off my pants . 
 `` it was like three inches tall ! '' 
 `` it attacked you . '' 
 ironhorse sounded puzzled , cocking his head at me . 
 `` it clearly had aggressive intent . 
 my mission is to protect you until we retrieve the scepter . 
 i will allow nothing to bring you harm . 
 that is my solemn vow . '' 
 `` yeah , but you do n't need a machine gun to kill a fly . '' 
 `` human ! '' 
 grimalkin appeared , bounding up with his ears flattened to his head . 
 `` you are making too much noise . 
 all of you are . 
 we must leave this area , quickly . '' 
 he glanced about , and the fur on his back started to rise . 
 `` it might already be too late . '' 
 `` ironhorse killed this teensy little faery - '' i began , but grimalkin hissed at me . 
 `` idiot human ! 
 do you think that was the only one ? 
 look around you ! '' 
 i did , and my heart nearly stopped . 
 the thorns around us were moving , hundreds upon hundreds of them , unfurling into tiny faeries with pointed , gnashing teeth . 
 the air filled with the sound of buzzing , and thousands of tiny black eyes glimmered through the thorns . 
 `` oh , this is n't good , '' puck murmured as the buzz grew louder , more frantic . 
 `` i really , really wish i had that off ! '' 
 `` run ! '' 
 spit grimalkin , and we ran . 
 the faeries swarmed around us , the hum of their wings vibrating the air , their high-pitched voices shrieking in my ears . 
 i felt the weight of their tiny bodies on my skin , an instant before the stings , and flailed wildly , trying to dislodge them . 
 puck snarled something unintelligible , swiping at them with his knives , and ironhorse blasted flame from his mouth and nostrils , roaring . 
 charred , dismembered faeries dropped shrieking from the air , but dozens more buzzed in to take their place . 
 grimalkin , of course , had vanished . 
 we charged blindly down a tunnel of thorns , through swarms of furious killer wasp-fey , with no clue of where we were going . 
 as i rounded a corner , a body appeared right in front of me . 
 i had no time to react before i crashed into it , and we both went sprawling . 
 `` ow ! 
 what the hell ! '' 
 someone yelped . 
 swatting faeries , i looked into the face of a girl a year or two younger than me . 
 she was tiny and asian , with hair that looked as if she 'd taken a machete to it , wearing a ratty sweater two sizes too big . 
 for a second , my mind went blank with the shock at seeing another human , until i saw the furry ears peeking out of her hair . 
 we blinked at each other for a second , before the sting from a killer-wasp faerie snapped me out of my daze . 
 flailing , i scrambled to my feet as the swarm buzzed around the strange girl as well . 
 she yelped and swatted wildly , backing away . 
 `` what is this ? '' 
 she hissed , as puck came up behind me and ironhorse charged in , blowing flame . 
 `` who the hell are you people ? 
 oh , never mind ! 
 run ! '' 
 she darted past us , looking back once to shout `` hurry up , nelson ! '' 
 over her shoulder . 
 i barely had time to wonder who nelson was when a kid built like a linebacker barreled through us , somehow dodging puck and ironhorse , and pounded after the girl . 
 i caught a glimpse of gorillalike shoulders , muddy blond hair , and skin as green as swamp water . 
 he clutched a backpack in his arms like a football and charged down the trail without a backward glance . 
 `` who were they ? '' 
 i asked , over the buzzing of the swarm and my own frantic flailing . 
 `` no time , '' puck said , slapping at a faery on his neck . 
 `` ow ! 
 dammit , we have to get out of here ! 
 come on ! '' 
 we had started down the path again when a roar shook the air ahead of us , causing the swarm of killer fey to freeze in midair . 
 it came again , guttural and savage , as something rattled the wall of thorns , coming toward us with the sound of snapping wood . 
 i sensed hundreds of creatures in the brambles fleeing for their lives . 
 the faeries scattered . 
 buzzing in terror , they vanished into the hedge , through cracks and tiny spaces between the thorns . 
 in seconds , the whole swarm had disappeared . 
 i peered through the branches and saw something coming down the trail , ripping through the wall of thorns like it was n't there . 
 something black and scaly , and much , much bigger than the spider . 
 is that what i think it is ? 
 `` thiiiief ! '' 
 roared a deep , inhuman voice , before a gout of flame burst through the hedge , setting an entire section on fire , making the air explode with heat . 
 ironhorse bugled , rearing up in alarm . 
 puck cursed , grabbed my arm , and yanked me back the way we came . 
 we fled down the trail after the strange girl and her muscle-necked companion , feeling the heat from the monster 's fire at our backs . 
 `` thieves ! '' 
 the terrible voice snarled , staying right on our heels . 
 `` i can smell you ! 
 i can feel your breath and hear your hearts . 
 give me back what is mine ! '' 
 `` great , '' puck panted , as ironhorse cantered beside us , bellowing that he would shield me from the flames . 
 `` just great . 
 i hate spiders . 
 i hate wasps . 
 but , you know what i hate even more than that ? '' 
 the thing behind us roared , and another blast of flame seared the branches overhead . 
 i winced as we ran beneath a rain of cinders and flaming twigs . 
 `` dragons ? '' 
 i gasped . 
 `` remind me to kill grimalkin next time we see him . '' 
 the trail narrowed , then shrank down to a tight , thorny tunnel that twisted off into the darkness . 
 bending down and peering into it , i could just make out a door at the end of the burrow . 
 and , i could n't be sure , but i thought i saw the door shut . 
 `` i think i see a door ! '' 
 i called , looking over my shoulder . 
 puck nodded impatiently . 
 `` well , what are you waiting for , princess ! 
 go ! '' 
 `` what about ironhorse ? '' 
 `` he 'll have to squeeze ! '' 
 puck pushed me toward the mouth , but i resisted . 
 `` come on , princess . 
 we do n't want to be in the middle of that if deathbreath decides to sneeze on us . '' 
 `` we ca n't leave him behind ! '' 
 `` worry not , princess , '' ironhorse said , and i gaped at him , not believing my eyes . 
 where a horse had been , now a man stood before me , dark and massive , with a square jaw and fists the size of hams . 
 he wore jeans and a black shirt that bulged with all the muscles underneath , the skin stretched tight over steely tendons . 
 dreadlocks spilled from his scalp like a mane , and his eyes still burned with that intense red glow . 
 `` you are not the only one with a few tricks up your sleeve , goodfellow , '' he said , a faint smirk beneath his voice . 
 `` now , go . 
 i will be right behind you . '' 
 with a horrible cracking sound , the dragon 's head rose above the briars on a long , snaking neck , looming to an impossible height . 
 it was bigger than i 'd imagined , a long toothy maw covered in black-green scales , ivory horns curling back from its skull to frame the sky . 
 alien , red-gold eyes scanned the ground impassively , gleaming with cunning and intelligence . 
 `` i see you , little thieves . '' 
 puck gave me a shove , and i tumbled into the burrow , scratching my hands and knees and jabbing myself on the thorns . 
 cursing , i looked up and saw two familiar golden eyes floating before me in the dark . 
 `` hurry , human , '' grimalkin hissed , and fled down the burrow . 
 the tunnel seemed to shrink the farther i went , scraping my back and catching my hair and clothes as i followed grimalkin , bent over like a crab . 
 i heard puck and ironhorse behind me , felt the glare of the dragon 's eye at my back , and cursed as my sleeve caught on a thorn . 
 we were going too slow ! 
 the red door loomed at the end of the tunnel , a beacon of light and safety , so far away . 
 but as i got closer , i saw grimalkin standing in front of it , ears flattened against his skull , hissing and baring his teeth . 
 `` saint-john 's - wort , '' he snarled , and i saw a cluster of dried yellow flowers hanging on the door like tiny sunbursts . 
 `` the fey can not enter with that on the door . 
 take it down , quickly , human ! '' 
 `` burn , little thieves ! '' 
 fire exploded down the tunnel , writhing and twisting in a maelstrom of heat and fury , shooting toward us . 
 i ripped the flowers off the door and dove through , puck and ironhorse toppling in after me . 
 flames shot over my head , singeing my back as i lay gasping on a cold cement floor . 
 then , the door slammed shut , cutting off the fire , and we were plunged into darkness . 
 chapter twelve leanansidhe for a few moments , i lay there on the concrete , my body curiously hot and cold at the same time . 
 my neck , my shoulders , and the backs of my legs burned from the fire that had come way too close for comfort . 
 but my cheek and stomach pressed into the cold cement , making me shiver . 
 to either side of me , puck and ironhorse struggled to their feet with muffled curses and groans . 
 `` well , that was fun , '' puck muttered , helping me stand . 
 `` i swear , if i ever see those two kids again , we 're going to have a little chat . 
 if you 're going to steal from a fifty-foot , fire-breathing lizard with the memory of an elephant , you 'd better have a damn impressive riddle , or you wait until it is n't home . 
 and who the hell put saint-john 's - wort over the door ? 
 i 'm feeling very unwelcome right now . '' 
 a flashlight clicked on in the shadows , blinding me . 
 shielding my eyes , i counted three silhouettes at the end of the beam . 
 two i recognized ; the tiny girl with furry ears and the green-skinned boy we 'd met in the briars . 
 the last , the one holding the flashlight , was tall and skinny , with thick dark hair , a scraggly goatee , and two ridged horns curling up from his brow . 
 he held a cross in the other hand , raised in front of his face like he was warding off a vampire . 
 puck laughed . 
 `` hate to break it to you , kid , but unless you 're a priest , that is n't going to work . 
 neither is the salt you have poured across the floor . 
 i 'm not your average bogey . '' 
 `` damn faeries , '' spit goatee boy , looking pale . 
 `` how did you get in here ? 
 you 'd better leave right now , if you know what 's good for you . 
 she 'll tear your guts out and make harp strings with them . '' 
 `` well , there 's a problem with that , '' puck continued with mock regret . 
 `` see , right outside that door is a very pissed off reptile who is eager to turn us into shish kebab , because you three were stupid enough to steal from a dragon . '' 
 he sighed and shook his head in a disappointed manner . 
 `` you know dragons never forget a thief , do n't you ? 
 so , what 'd you take ? '' 
 `` none of your business , faery , '' goat boy shot back . 
 `` and maybe i was n't clear when i said you 're not welcome here . '' 
 he reached into his pocket and pulled out three iron nails , holding them between white , shaking knuckles . 
 `` maybe a faceful of iron will convince you otherwise . '' 
 i stepped forward , shooting puck a warning glare before he could rise to the challenge . 
 `` take it easy , '' i soothed , holding up my hands . 
 `` we do n't want any trouble . 
 we 're just trying to get through the briars , that 's all . '' 
 `` warren ! '' 
 gasped the girl , staring at me wide-eyed . 
 `` it 's her ! '' 
 all eyes flashed to me . 
 `` it is you , '' warren breathed . 
 `` you 're her , are n't you ? 
 oberon 's half-blood . 
 the summer princess . '' 
 ironhorse growled and pressed closer , causing the trio to shrink back . 
 i put a hand on his chest . 
 `` how do you know me ? '' 
 `` she 's looking for you , you know . 
 got half the exiles looking for you - '' `` whoa , slow down , goat-boy . '' 
 puck held up a hand . 
 `` who is this remarkable she you keep talking about ? '' 
 warren shot him a look that was half fearful , half awe . 
 `` her , of course . 
 the boss of this place . 
 so ... if this is oberon 's daughter , you must be him , are n't you ? 
 robin goodfellow ? 
 the puck ? '' 
 puck smiled , which caused warren to swallow noisily . 
 his adam 's apple bobbed in his throat . 
 `` but - '' he glanced at ironhorse '' - she did n't say anything about him . 
 who 's he ? '' 
 `` stinks , '' rumbled the green-skinned boy , curling his lip to reveal blunt , uneven teeth . 
 `` smells like coal . 
 like iron . '' 
 warren 's eyebrows shot up . 
 `` aw , crap . 
 he 's one of them , is n't he ? 
 one of those iron faeries ! 
 she wo n't be happy about this . '' 
 `` he 's with me , '' i said quickly , as ironhorse drew himself up . 
 `` he 's safe , i promise you . 
 and who do you keep talking about ? 
 who is this she ? '' 
 `` her name is leanansidhe , '' warren stated , as if i were an idiot for not figuring it out . 
 `` leanansidhe the dark muse . 
 queen of the exiles . '' 
 puck 's eyebrows arched into his hair . 
 `` you 're kidding , '' he said , his face caught between a grimace and a smirk . 
 `` so , leanansidhe fancies herself a queen , now ? 
 oh , titania will love that . '' 
 `` who 's leanansidhe ? '' 
 i asked . 
 the grimace won out . 
 he shook his head and turned to me , his face grim . 
 `` bad news , princess . 
 at one time , leanansidhe was one of the most powerful beings in all the nevernever . 
 the dark muse , they called her , because she inspired many great artists , helping them produce their most brilliant works . 
 you might recognize some of the mortals she 's helped - james dean , jimi hendrix , kurt cobain . '' 
 `` no way . '' 
 puck shrugged . 
 `` but , as you should know , such help always comes with a price . 
 none whom leanansidhe inspires lives very long , ever . 
 their lives are brilliant , colorful , and very brief . 
 sometimes , if the artist was particularly special , she 'd take him back to the nevernever to entertain her for eternity . 
 or until she got bored . 
 of course , this was before ... '' he trailed off , giving me a sideways look . 
 `` before what ? '' 
 `` titania banished her to the mortal realm , '' puck said quickly , as if he was really going to say something else . 
 `` according to some , leanansidhe was growing too powerful , had too many mortals worshipping her , and there was talk that she wanted to make herself queen . 
 naturally , this made our good summer queen more than a little jealous , so she exiled the self-proclaimed queen of muse and sealed off all trods to her , so that leanansidhe could never return to faery . 
 that was several years ago , and no one has seen or heard from her since . 
 `` but , apparently , '' puck continued , glancing at the three teenagers listening in rapt fascination , `` leanansidhe has a new following . 
 a new little mortal cult ready to throw themselves at her feet . '' 
 he smothered a laugh . 
 `` pickings must be pretty slim nowadays . '' 
 `` hey , '' said the girl , narrowing her eyes at him . 
 `` what 's that supposed to mean ? '' 
 `` why is leanansidhe looking for me ? '' 
 i asked , before an unpleasant thought drifted to mind . 
 `` you ... you do n't think she wants revenge , for what titania did to her ? '' 
 great . 
 that was all i needed , another faery queen who was out to get me . 
 i must hold some sort of record . 
 we glared at warren , who stepped back and raised his hands . 
 `` hey , man . 
 do n't look at me . 
 i do n't know what she wants . 
 just that she 's been looking for you . '' 
 `` we can not go to this leanansidhe now , '' ironhorse boomed , making the teens jump and the ceiling rattle . 
 god , he could n't speak quietly if his life depended on it . 
 `` our mission is urgent . 
 we must get to california as soon as possible . '' 
 `` well , we 're not going anywhere now , not with ol' deathbreath guarding the only way out . '' 
 `` come with us . '' 
 i looked up . 
 warren had spoken and was staring at me intently . 
 the eager look in his eyes made me uncomfortable , as did his sudden change in mood . 
 `` come with us to leanansidhe 's , '' he urged . 
 `` she could help . 
 you want to go to california ? 
 she can get you there , easy - '' `` warren , '' said the girl , grabbing his sleeve and pulling him aside . 
 `` come here a second , would you ? 
 ` scuse us a sec , people . '' 
 surprisingly strong for her size , she dragged him into a far corner . 
 huddled against the wall , they whispered furiously to each other , casting suspicious glances at ironhorse over their shoulders . 
 `` what are we going to do ? '' 
 i wondered . 
 `` should we wait until the dragon leaves to find our way back through the briars ? 
 or should we find out what leanansidhe wants ? '' 
 `` no , '' thundered ironhorse , his voice bouncing off the walls . 
 `` i do not trust this leanansidhe . 
 it is too dangerous . '' 
 `` puck ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` under normal circumstances , i 'd agree with the toaster oven , '' he said , earning a hard glare from ironhorse . 
 `` leanansidhe has always been unpredictable , and she has enough power to make that dragon look like a cranky gila monster . 
 but ... i always say the enemy you know is better than the enemy you ca n't see . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` i agree . 
 if leanansidhe is looking for us , i think we should meet her on our own terms . 
 otherwise , i 'd just worry about what she 's sending after us . '' 
 `` besides ... '' puck rolled his eyes . 
 `` i think we have another problem . '' 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 `` our trusty guide has gone awol . '' 
 i looked around , but grimalkin had vanished , and he did n't respond to my hissed calls for him to show himself . 
 the street kids were watching us now , eager and hesitant at the same time . 
 i sighed . 
 there was no telling where grimalkin was , or when he 'd return . 
 really , there was just one option . 
 `` so . '' 
 i gave them a hopeful smile . 
 `` how far is leanansidhe 's ? '' 
 turns out , we were in the basement of her mansion . 
 `` so , leanansidhe has you guys steal from dragons ? '' 
 i asked the girl as we walked down the dimly lit corridors , torchlight flickering over the damp stone walls . 
 whatever the house looked like , the basement was huge . 
 it reminded me of a medieval dungeon , complete with heavy doors , wooden portcullises , and gargoyles leering at us from the walls . 
 mice scurried over the floor , and other things moved in the shadows , just out of sight . 
 the girl , kimi , grinned at me . 
 `` leanansidhe has lots of clients with very unusual tastes , '' she explained . 
 `` most of them are exiles , like her , who ca n't go back into the nevernever for some reason . 
 she uses us - '' she gestured to herself and nelson '' - to fetch things she ca n't get herself , like that thing with the dragon . 
 apparently , a banished winter sidhe in new york is paying a fortune for real dragon eggs . '' 
 `` you stole its eggs ? '' 
 `` only one . '' 
 kimi giggled at my stunned expression . 
 `` then the stupid lizard woke up and we had to book it . '' 
 she giggled again , smoothing down her ears . 
 `` do n't worry , we 're not going to decimate the dragon population . 
 leanansidhe told us to leave a couple behind . '' 
 puck made a noise that might 've been appreciation . 
 `` and what do you guys get out of this ? '' 
 `` free room and board . 
 and the rep that goes with it . 
 we 'd be out on the streets , otherwise . '' 
 kimi and nelson shared a secret glance , but warren was staring at me . 
 he 'd been doing that since we left to meet leanansidhe , and it was making me very uncomfortable . 
 `` the pay 's not bad , either , '' kimi went on , oblivious to warren 's scrutiny . 
 `` at least , it 's better than the alternative-being hunted down for what we are , getting stepped on by the exiles and the fey who just like it better in the mortal realm . 
 leanansidhe 's made it safer for us-you do n't screw around with the queen 's pets . 
 even the redcap gangs know to leave you alone . 
 for the most part , anyway . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` you 're exiles , too , right ? 
 why should it be different for you ? '' 
 i looked at her furry , tufted ears , at nelson 's swamp-water skin and warren 's horns . 
 they were n't human , that much was certain . 
 but then i remembered warren holding out the iron cross , his fearful damned faeries , how they could get through the door when grimalkin could n't . 
 and i knew what they were even before kimi said it . 
 `` because , '' she said cheerfully , twitching her ears , `` we 're half-breeds . 
 i 'm half-phouka , nelson 's half-troll , and warren is part-satyr . 
 and if there 's one thing an exile hates more than the fey who banished him , its half-breeds like us . '' 
 i had n't thought of that before , though it made sense . 
 i suspected half-breeds like kimi , nelson and warren had it pretty tough . 
 without oberon 's protection , they would 've been left to the whims of the true fey , who probably made life very difficult for them . 
 it was n't surprising they would make a deal with this queen of the exiles , in exchange for some degree of protection . 
 even if it meant stealing dragon eggs right out from under the dragon . 
 `` oh , and by the way , '' kimi went on , with a quick glance at ironhorse , clanking along behind me . 
 `` leanansidhe knows about ... um ... his kind . 
 they 've been killing off lots of exiles lately , and it 's making her mad . 
 your ` friend ' should be really careful around her . 
 i do n't know how she 'll take an iron faery in her living room . 
 i 've seen her throw a fit for less . '' 
 `` shut up , kimi , '' warren said abruptly . 
 we had reached the end of the hall , where a bright red door waited for us atop a flight of stairs . 
 `` i told you , it 's not a big deal . '' 
 i frowned at him , but something caught my attention . 
 strains of music drifted down the steps , the low , shivery chords of a piano or organ . 
 the music was dark and haunting , reminding me of a play i 'd seen a long time ago , the phantom of the opera . 
 i remembered mom dragging me to the theater when the play came through our little town , shortly before ethan was born . 
 i remembered thinking i 'd have to sit through three hours of absolute boredom and torture , but from the first booming organ chords , i was completely entranced . 
 i also remembered mom crying through several of the scenes , something she never did , even with the saddest movies . 
 i did n't think anything of it then , but it seemed a little odd , now . 
 we stepped up and through the doorway into a magnificent foyer , with a double grand staircase sweeping toward a high vaulted ceiling and a roaring fireplace surrounded by plush black sofas . 
 the hardwood floor gleamed red , the walls were patterned in red and black , and gauzy black curtains covered the high arched windows near the back of the room . 
 nearly every clear space on the wall was taken up by paintings-oil paintings , watercolors , black-and-white sketches . 
 the mona lisa smiled her odd little smile on the far wall , next to a weird , disjointed painting that was probably picasso . 
 music echoed through the room , dark and haunting piano chords played with such force that they made the air vibrate and my teeth buzz . 
 an enormous grand piano stood in the corner near the fireplace , the flames dancing in the reflection of the polished wood . 
 hunched over the keys , a figure in a rumpled white shirt beat and pounded the ivory bars , fingers flying . 
 `` who - ? '' 
 `` shh ! '' 
 kimi shushed me with a light smack on the arm . 
 `` do n't talk . 
 she does n't like it when someone 's playing . '' 
 i fell silent , studying the pianist again . 
 brown hair hung limp and shaggy on his shoulders , looking as if it had n't been washed in days . 
 his shoulders were broad , though his shirt hung loose on a lean , bony frame that was so thin his spine pressed tightly against his skin . 
 the song ended with one last , vibrating chord . 
 as the notes faded and silence descended on the room , the man remained hunched over the keys . 
 i could n't see his face , but i thought his eyes were closed , and his muscles trembled as if from exertion . 
 he seemed to be waiting for something . 
 i looked to the others , wondering if we should applaud . 
 a slow clapping came from the top of the stairs . 
 i looked up and saw none other than grimalkin , sitting on the railing with his tail around his feet , looking perfectly at home . 
 any annoyance i felt with him disappeared at the sight of his companion . 
 a woman stood on the balcony , her gold and crimson gown billowing around her , though i was sure there 'd been no one there a second ago . 
 her wavy , waist-length hair shimmered like strands of copper , almost too bright to look at , floating around her face as if it weighed nothing at all . 
 she was pale and tall and magnificent , every inch a queen , and i felt my stomach contract . 
 forget arcadia or tir na nog ; we were in her court now , playing by her rules . 
 i wondered if she expected us to bow . 
 `` bravo , charles . '' 
 her voice was pure song , made of poetry given sound , of every creative notion you 've ever had . 
 hearing it , i felt i could sweep onto a stage and bring the masses roaring and screaming to their feet . 
 `` that was quite magnificent . 
 you can go now . '' 
 the man rose shakily to his feet , grinning like a little kid whose finger painting had been praised by the teacher . 
 he was younger than my stepdad , but not by much , the hint of a beard shadowing his mouth and jaw . 
 when he turned and spotted us , i shivered . 
 his face and hazel eyes were blank of reason , as empty as the sky . 
 `` poor bastard , '' i heard puck mutter . 
 `` he 's been here awhile , has n't he ? '' 
 the man blinked at me , dazed for a moment , but then his eyes grew wide . 
 `` you , '' he muttered , shambling forward , jabbing at me with a finger . 
 i frowned . 
 `` i know you . 
 do n't i ? 
 do n't i ? 
 who are you ? 
 who ? '' 
 he frowned , an anguished expression crossing his face . 
 `` the rats whisper in the darkness , '' he said , clutching at his hair . 
 `` they whisper . 
 i ca n't remember their names . 
 they tell me ... '' his eyes narrowed and he panted , glaring at me . 
 `` rag girl , flying round my bed . 
 who are you ? 
 who ? '' 
 this last was a shout , and he lurched forward . 
 ironhorse stepped between us with a rumbling growl , and the man leaped back , hands flying to his face . 
 `` no , '' he whimpered , cringing on the floor , arms cradling his head . 
 `` no one in here . 
 empty empty empty . 
 who am i ? 
 i do n't know . 
 the rats tell me , but i forget . '' 
 `` that is enough . '' 
 leanansidhe floated down the staircase , her gown trailing behind her . 
 sweeping up to the human , she touched him lightly on the head . 
 `` charles , darling , i have guests now , '' she murmured , as he gazed up at her with teary eyes . 
 `` why do n't you take a bath , and then you can play for us at dinner ? '' 
 charles sniffled . 
 `` girl , '' he whimpered , clutching at his hair . 
 `` in my head . '' 
 `` yes , i know , darling . 
 but if you do n't leave , i 'll have to turn you into a harp . 
 go on , now . 
 shoo , shoo . '' 
 she made little fluttery motions with her hands , and with one final glance at me , the man scuttled away . 
 leanansidhe sighed and turned to us , then seemed to notice the trio for the first time . 
 `` ah , there you are . '' 
 she smiled , and their faces lit up in the glow of her attention . 
 `` did you manage to get the eggs , darlings ? '' 
 warren snatched the backpack from nelson 's arm and held it out . 
 `` we found the nest , leanansidhe . 
 it was just where you said . 
 but the dragon woke up then , and ... '' he unzipped the pack , revealing a yellow-green egg the size of a basketball . 
 `` we were only able to get one . '' 
 `` one ? '' 
 leanansidhe frowned , and shadows fell over the room . 
 `` only one ? 
 i need at least two , pets , or the deal is off . 
 the former duke of frostfell specifically said a pair of eggs . 
 how many is in a pair , darling ? '' 
 `` t-two , '' warren stammered . 
 `` well , then . 
 i 'd say you still have work to do . 
 go on , now . 
 chop-chop . 
 and do n't come back without those eggs ! '' 
 the trio fled without hesitation , following the human out the same door . 
 leanansidhe watched them go , then whirled on us with a bright , feral smile . 
 `` well ! 
 here we are at last . 
 when grimalkin told me you were coming , i was ever so pleased . 
 it 's so good to finally meet you . '' 
 grimalkin descended the stairs with his typical indifference , completely unfazed by the death glares coming from me and puck . 
 leaping onto a sofa , he sat down and began grooming his tail . 
 `` and puck ! '' 
 leanansidhe turned to him , clasping her hands in delight . 
 `` i have n't seen you in forever , darling . 
 how is oberon these days ? 
 still being henpecked by that basilisk of a wife ? '' 
 `` do n't insult the basilisks , '' puck replied , smiling . 
 crossing his arms , he gazed around the room , moving ever so slightly in front of me . 
 `` so , lea , looks like you 've been busy . 
 what 's up with the crazies and the half-bloods ? 
 building an army of misfits ? '' 
 `` do n't be silly , darling . '' 
 leanansidhe sniffed , plucking a cigarette holder from a lamp stand . 
 she took a puff and blew a hazy green cloud over our heads . 
 it writhed and twisted into a smoky dragon before dissipating in the air . 
 `` my coup days are behind me , now . 
 i 've made a nice little realm for myself here , and overthrowing a court is so tedious . 
 however , i 'd ask you not to tell titania that you found me , darling . 
 if you went and blabbed , i might have to rip out your tongue . '' 
 she smiled , examining a bloodred nail , as puck inched closer to me . 
 `` also , robin dear , you need n't worry about protecting the girl . 
 i mean her no harm . 
 the iron faery i might have to dismember and send its remains to asia - '' ironhorse tensed and took a step forward '' - but i have no intention of hurting the daughter of oberon . 
 so relax , pet . 
 that 's not why i called her here . '' 
 `` ironhorse is with me , '' i said quickly , putting a hand on his arm before he did something stupid . 
 `` he wo n't hurt anything , i promise . '' 
 leanansidhe turned the full brunt of her glittering sapphire gaze on me . 
 `` you 're so cute , did you know that ? 
 you look just like your father . 
 no wonder titania ca n't stand to look at you . 
 what 's your name , darling ? '' 
 `` meghan . '' 
 she smiled , vicious and challenging , appraising me . 
 `` and what 's a cutie like you going to do if i want that abomination out of my home ? 
 that 's quite the binding you 've got there , dove . 
 i doubt you can scrape up the glamour to light my cigarette . '' 
 i swallowed . 
 this was a test . 
 if i was going to save ironhorse , i could n't falter . 
 steeling myself , i looked into those cold blue eyes , ancient and remorseless , and held her gaze . 
 `` ironhorse is one of my companions , '' i said softly . 
 `` i need him , so i ca n't let you hurt him . 
 i 'll make a deal with you , if that 's what it takes , but he stays here . 
 he 's not your enemy , and he wo n't hurt you or anyone under your protection . 
 you have my word . '' 
 `` i know that , darling . '' 
 leanansidhe continued to hold my stare , smiling all the while . 
 `` i 'm not worried about the iron faery harming me . 
 i 'm worried i wo n't be able to get his stink out of my carpets . 
 but , no matter . '' 
 she straightened , releasing me from her gaze . 
 `` you 've given your word , and i 'll hold you to that . 
 now , come darling . 
 dinner first , then we can talk . 
 oh , and please tell your iron pet not to touch anything while he 's here . 
 i do n't want him melting the glamour . '' 
 we followed leanansidhe down several long corridors carpeted in red and black velvet , past portraits whose eyes seemed to follow us as we walked by . 
 leanansidhe did n't stop talking , a mindless , bubbly stream , as she led us through her home , spouting names , places and creatures i did n't recognize . 
 but i could n't stop listening to the sound of her voice , even if all i heard was chipmunk chatter . 
 in my peripheral vision , i caught glimpses of rooms through half-opened doors , drenched in shadow or strange , flickering lights . 
 sometimes , i thought the rooms looked weird , as if there were trees growing out of the floor , or schools of fish swimming through the air . 
 but leanansidhe 's voice cut through my curiosity , and i could n't take my eyes from her , even for a closer look . 
 we entered a vast dining hall , where a long table took up most of the left wall , surrounded by chairs of glass and wood . 
 candelabra floated down the length of the surface , hovering over a feast that could feed an army . 
 platters of meat and fish , raw fruits and vegetables , tiny cakes , candies , bottles of wine , and a huge roast pig with an apple in its mouth as the centerpiece . 
 except for the flickering candlelight , the room was pitch-black , and i could hear things scurrying about , muttering in the darkness . 
 leanansidhe breezed into the room , trailing smoke from her cigarette , and stood at the head of the table . 
 `` come , darlings , '' she called , beckoning us with the back of her gloved hand . 
 `` you look famished . 
 sit . 
 eat . 
 and please do n't be so rude as to think the food glamoured or enchanted . 
 what kind of host do you think i am ? '' 
 she sniffed , as though the very thought annoyed her , and looked away into the shadows . 
 `` excuse me , '' she called , as we cautiously moved toward the table . 
 `` minions ? 
 i have guests , and you are making me look impolite . 
 i will not be pleased if my reputation is soured , darlings . '' 
 movement in the shadows , muttering and low shuffles , as a group of little men edged into the light . 
 i had to bite my lip to keep from laughing . 
 they were redcaps , evil-eyed and shark-toothed , with their hats dipped in the blood of their victims , but they were also dressed in matching butler suits with pink bow ties . 
 sullen and scowling , they emerged from the darkness , glaring for all they were worth . 
 laugh and die , their eyes warned , but puck took one look at them and started cracking up . 
 the redcaps glared at him like they were going to bite his head off . 
 one of them caught sight of ironhorse and let out a piercing hiss that sent all of them scrambling back . 
 `` iron ! '' 
 he screeched , baring his jagged fangs . 
 `` that 's one of them stinking iron faeries ! 
 kill it ! 
 kill it now ! '' 
 ironhorse roared , and puck 's dagger flashed out , a devilish grin stretching his face at the thought of violence . 
 the redcaps surged forward , snarling and gnashing their teeth , just as eager . 
 i grabbed a silver knife from the table and held it ready as the redcaps lunged forward . 
 one of them leaped onto the table , gathering his short legs under him to launch himself at us , fangs gleaming . 
 `` that is enough ! '' 
 we froze . 
 it was impossible not to . 
 even the redcap on the table locked up , then fell into a bowl of fruit salad . 
 leanansidhe stood at the end of the table , glowering at us all . 
 her eyes glowed amber , her hair whipped away from her face , and the candelabra flames danced wildly . 
 for a heart-stopping moment , she stood there , alien and terrifying . 
 then she sighed , smoothed back her hair and reached for her cigarette holder , taking a long drag . 
 as she blew out the smoke , things returned to normal , including our ability to move , but no one , least of all the redcaps , had any aggressive thoughts left . 
 `` well ? '' 
 she finally said , looking to the redcaps as if nothing had happened . 
 `` what are you minions standing about for ? 
 my seat is n't going to move itself . '' 
 the largest redcap , a burly fellow with a bone fishhook through his nose , shook himself and crept forward , pulling leanansidhe 's chair away from the table . 
 the others followed suit , looking like they 'd rather beat us to death with our own arms , but wordlessly drew out our chairs . 
 the one attending ironhorse growled and bared his teeth at the iron faery , then darted away as quickly as he could . 
 `` i apologize for the minions , '' leanansidhe said when we were all seated . 
 she touched her fingers to her temple , as if she had a headache . 
 `` it 's so hard to find good help these days , darlings . 
 you have no idea . '' 
 `` i thought i recognized them , '' puck said , casually reaching for a pear near the center of the table . 
 `` is n't the leader razor dan , or something like that ? 
 caused a bit of a stir during the goblin wars , when they tried selling information to both sides ? '' 
 `` nasty business , darling . '' 
 leanansidhe snapped her fingers twice , and a brownie melted out of the darkness with a wine flute and a bottle , scrambling onto a stool to fill her glass . 
 `` everyone knows you do n't cheat the goblin tribes if you know what 's good for you . 
 like poking a stick down an ant nest . '' 
 she sipped the wine the brownie poured her and sighed . 
 `` they came to me for asylum , after pissing off every goblin tribe in the wyldwood , so i put them to work . 
 that 's the rule here , darling . 
 you stay , you work . '' 
 i glanced in the direction the redcaps left , feeling their hateful gaze staring out from the darkness . 
 `` but are n't you afraid they 'll get mad and eat someone ? '' 
 `` not if they know what 's good for them , darling . 
 and you 're not eating anything . 
 eat . '' 
 she gestured at the food , and i suddenly realized how hungry i was . 
 i reached for a platter of tiny frosted cakes , too hungry to care about glamours or enchantments anymore . 
 if i was munching on a toadstool or a grasshopper , so be it . 
 ignorance is bliss . 
 `` while you 're here , '' leanansidhe continued , smiling as we ate , `` you leave all personal vendettas behind . 
 that 's my other rule . 
 i can easily deny them sanctuary , and then where will they be ? 
 back in the mortal realm , dying slowly or fighting it out with the iron fey who are gradually infesting every town and city in the world . 
 no offense , darling , '' she added , smiling at ironhorse , implying the exact opposite . 
 staring blindly at the table , ironhorse did n't respond . 
 he was n't eating anything , and i figured he either did n't want to be indebted to leanansidhe , or he did n't eat regular food . 
 thankfully , leanansidhe did n't seem to notice . 
 `` most choose not to take the risk , '' she went on , stabbing her cigarette holder in the direction the redcaps had fled . 
 `` take the minions , for example . 
 every so often , one will poke his nose back in the mortal realm , get it hacked off by some goblin mercenary , and come crawling back to me . 
 exiles , half-breeds and outcasts alike . 
 i 'm their only safe haven between the nevernever and the mortal world . '' 
 `` which begs the question , '' puck asked , almost too casually . 
 `` where are we , anyway ? '' 
 `` ah , pet . '' 
 leanansidhe smiled at him , but it was a frightening thing , cold and vicious . 
 `` i was wondering when you would ask that . 
 and if you think you should run and tattle on me to your masters , do n't bother . 
 i 've done nothing wrong . 
 i have n't broken my exile . 
 this is my realm , yes , but titania can relax . 
 it does n't intrude upon hers in any way . '' 
 `` okay , totally not the question i asked . '' 
 puck paused with an apple in hand , raising an eyebrow . 
 `` and i think i 'm even more alarmed now . 
 where are we , lea ? '' 
 `` the between , darling . '' 
 leanansidhe leaned back , sipping her wine . 
 `` the veil between the nevernever and the mortal realm . 
 surely you 've realized that by now . '' 
 both puck 's eyebrows shot up into his hair . 
 `` the between ? 
 the between is full of nothing , or so i was led to believe . 
 those who get stuck between usually go insane in very short order . '' 
 `` yes , i 'll admit , it was difficult to work with at first . '' 
 leanansidhe waved her hand airily . 
 `` but , enough about me , darlings . 
 let 's talk about you . '' 
 she took a drag on her cigarette and blew a smoky fish over the table . 
 `` why were you tromping around the briars when my streetrats found you ? 
 i thought you were looking for the scepter of the seasons , and you certainly wo n't find it down there , darlings . 
 unless you think bellatorallix is sitting on it . '' 
 i started . 
 ironhorse jerked up , sending a bowl of grapes clattering to the floor . 
 brownies appeared from nowhere , scurrying to recover the lost fruit as it rolled about the tile . 
 leanansidhe raised a slender eyebrow and took another drag on her cigarette as we recovered . 
 `` you knew ? '' 
 i stared at her , as the brownies set the bowl on the table again and scampered off . 
 `` you knew about the scepter ? '' 
 `` darling , please . '' 
 leanansidhe gave me a half scornful , half patronizing look . 
 `` i know everything that happens within the courts . 
 i find it unforgivable to be so out of the loop , and it 's terribly boring here otherwise . 
 my informants clue me in on all the important details . '' 
 `` spies , you mean , '' puck said . 
 `` such a dirty word , darling . '' 
 leanansidhe tsked at him . 
 `` and it does n't matter now . 
 what matters is what i can tell you . 
 i know the scepter was stolen from under mab 's nose , i know summer and winter are about to go to a bloody war over it , and i know that the scepter is not in the nevernever but in the mortal realm . 
 and - '' she took a long drag on her cigarette and sent a hawk soaring over our heads '' - i can help you find it . '' 
 i was instantly suspicious , and i could tell ironhorse and puck felt the same . 
 `` why ? '' 
 i demanded . 
 `` what 's in it for you ? '' 
 leanansidhe looked at me , and a shadow crept into her voice , making it dark and ominous . 
 `` darling , i 've seen what 's been happening in the mortal realm . 
 unlike oberon and mab , who hide in their safe little courts , i know the reality pressing in on us from every side . 
 the iron fey are getting stronger . 
 they 're everywhere : in computers , crawling out of television screens , massing in factories . 
 i have more exiles under my roof now than i 've had in the past century . 
 they 're terrified , unwilling to walk in the mortal realm any longer , because the iron fey are tearing them apart . '' 
 i shuddered , and ironhorse had gone very still . 
 leanansidhe paused , and nothing could be heard except the faint skittering of things unseen in the pressing darkness . 
 `` if summer and winter go to war , and the iron fey attack , there will be nothing left . 
 if the iron fey win , the nevernever will become uninhabitable . 
 i do n't know what that will do to the between , but i 'm sure it will be quite fatal for me . 
 so you see , darling , '' leanansidhe said , taking a sip of wine , `` it would be advantageous for me to help you . 
 and since i have eyes and ears everywhere within the mortal realm , it would be prudent of you to accept . '' 
 ironhorse shifted , then spoke for the first time . 
 to his credit , he tried to keep his voice down , but even then it echoed around the room . 
 `` your offer is appreciated , '' he rumbled , `` but we already know where the scepter is located . '' 
 `` do you now ? '' 
 leanansidhe shot him a vicious smile . 
 `` where ? '' 
 `` silicon valley . '' 
 `` lovely . 
 where in silicon valley , pet ? '' 
 a pause . 
 `` i do not - '' `` and how do you plan on getting to the scepter once you find it , darling ? 
 walk in the front door ? '' 
 ironhorse glowered at her . 
 `` i will find a way . '' 
 `` i see . '' 
 leanansidhe gave him a scornful look . 
 `` well , let me tell you what i know about silicon valley , pet , so the princess has an idea of what she 's up against . 
 it 's the gremlins ' spawning ground . 
 you know , those nasty little things that crawl out of computers and other machines . 
 there are literally thousands of them down there , perhaps hundreds of thousands , as well as some very powerful iron fey who would turn you into bloody strips as soon as look at you . 
 you go down there without a plan , darling , and you 're walking into a death trap . 
 besides , you 're already too late . '' 
 leanansidhe snapped her fingers , holding out her glass for more wine . 
 `` i 've been keeping tabs on the scepter 's movements ever since i heard it was stolen . 
 it was being held in a large office building in san jose , but my spies tell me it 's been moved . 
 apparently , someone already tried to get in and steal it back , but did n't quite succeed . 
 now , the building has been cleared out , and the scepter is gone . '' 
 `` ash , '' i whispered , glancing at puck . 
 `` it had to be ash . '' 
 puck looked doubtful , so i turned back to leanansidhe , a cold desperation spreading through my stomach . 
 `` what happened to him , the one who tried to take the scepter ? 
 where is he now ? '' 
 `` i 've no idea , pet . 
 ash , you say ? 
 am i right in assuming this is mab 's ash , the darling of the unseelie court ? '' 
 `` we have to find him ! '' 
 i stood up , causing puck and ironhorse to blink at me . 
 `` he could be in trouble . 
 he needs our help . '' 
 i turned to leanansidhe . 
 `` could you get your spies to look for him ? '' 
 `` i could , dove . '' 
 leanansidhe twiddled her cigarette lighter . 
 `` but i 'm afraid i have more important things to find . 
 we 're after the scepter , remember , darling ? 
 the prince of the winter court , scrumptious though he is , will have to wait . '' 
 `` ash is fine , princess , '' puck added , dismissing the idea immediately . 
 `` he can take care of himself . '' 
 i sat back down , anger and worry flooding my brain . 
 what if ash was n't fine ? 
 what if he 'd been captured , and they were torturing him , like they had in machina 's realm ? 
 what if he was hurt , lying in a gutter somewhere , waiting for me ? 
 i became so worked up over ash , i barely heard what puck and leanansidhe were discussing , and a small part of me did n't care . 
 `` what do you suggest , lea ? '' 
 this from puck . 
 `` let my people search the valley . 
 i know a sluah who is simply fabulous at finding things that do n't want to be found . 
 i 've sent for him today . 
 in the meantime , i have all my minions scouring the streets , keeping their heads down and their ears to the ground . 
 they 'll turn up something , eventually . '' 
 `` eventually ? '' 
 i glared at her . 
 `` what are we supposed to do until then ? '' 
 leanansidhe smiled and blew me a smoke rabbit . 
 `` i suggest you get comfortable , darling . '' 
 it was n't a request . 
 chapter thirteen charles and the redcaps i hate waiting . 
 i hate standing around with nothing to do , cooling my heels until someone gives me the go-ahead to move . 
 i hated it while i was at the winter court , and i certainly did n't like it now , in leanansidhe 's mansion , waiting for complete strangers to bring word of the missing scepter . 
 to make things worse , there were no clocks anywhere in the mansion and , even weirder , no windows to see the outside world . 
 also , as most faeries did , leanansidhe hated technology , so that of course meant no television , computers , phones , video games , anything to make time pass more quickly . 
 not even a radio , although the crazy humans wandering the mansion would often spontaneously burst into song , or start playing some kind of instrument , so the house was never without noise . 
 the few exiled fey i saw either fled my presence or nervously told me that i was not to be bothered , leanansidhe 's orders . 
 i felt like a mouse trapped in some kind of bizarro labyrinth . 
 add in my constant worry for ash , and it started to drive me as crazy as leanansidhe 's collection of gifted but insane mortals . 
 apparently , i was n't the only one going nuts . 
 `` this is unacceptable , '' ironhorse announced one day-night ? 
 - as we lounged in the library , a red-carpeted room with a stone fireplace and bookshelves that soared to the ceiling . 
 with an impressive collection of novels and mostly fashion magazines at my fingertips , i managed to keep myself entertained during the long hours that we waited for leanansidhe 's spies to turn something up . 
 today , i was curled on the couch with king 's the dark tower series , but it was difficult to concentrate with a restless , impatient iron faery in the same room . 
 puck had vanished earlier , probably tormenting the staff or getting into some kind of trouble , and grimalkin was with leanansidhe , swapping favors and gossip , which left me alone with ironhorse , who was getting on my last nerve . 
 he was never still . 
 even in a human body , he acted like a flighty racehorse , pacing the room and tossing his head so that his dreadlocks clanked against his shoulders . 
 i noticed that even though he wore boots , he still left hoof-shaped burn marks in the carpet , before the glamour of the mansion could smooth it out again . 
 `` princess , '' he said , coming around the couch to kneel in front of me , `` we must act soon . 
 the scepter is getting farther and farther away , while we sit here and do nothing . 
 how can we trust this leanansidhe ? 
 what if she is keeping us here because she wants the scepter for hersel - ? '' 
 `` shh ! 
 ironhorse , be quiet , '' i hissed , and he immediately fell silent , looking as contrite as his expressionless face would allow . 
 `` you ca n't say those things out loud . 
 she could hear you , or her spies could rat us out . 
 i 'm pretty sure she has them watching our every move . '' 
 a quick glance around the library revealed nothing , but i could still feel eyes on me , peering unseen from cracks and shadows . 
 `` she already has it in for all iron fey . 
 do n't add to it . '' 
 `` my apologies , princess . '' 
 ironhorse bowed his head . 
 `` i can not abide this waiting . 
 i feel as if i should be doing something , but i am useless to you here . '' 
 `` i know how you feel , '' i told him , placing a hand on his bulky arm . 
 his skin was hot to the touch , and the tendons beneath were like solid steel . 
 `` i want to get out of here , too . 
 but we have to be patient . 
 puck and grim are out there-they 'll let us know if anything turns up or if we have to leave . '' 
 he looked unhappy , but nodded . 
 i sighed with relief and hoped leanansidhe 's spies found something soon , before ironhorse started tearing down the walls . 
 the door banged open , and we both jumped , but it was only a human , the scruffy piano player we 'd seen when we first came to the mansion . 
 he ambled into the room , blank eyes scanning the floor , until they spotted me . 
 with an empty smile , he stumbled forward , but stopped when he saw the huge iron faery kneeling in front of me . 
 ironhorse rose with a growl , but i smacked his arm , wincing as the rock-hard bicep bruised my knuckles . 
 `` it 's all right , '' i told him when he gave me a puzzled look . 
 `` i do n't think he 'll hurt me . 
 he looks pretty harmless . '' 
 ironhorse gave the human a suspicious glare and snorted . 
 `` if you need me ... '' `` i 'll yell . '' 
 he nodded , shot the man one last dark look , and retreated to the other side of the room to glower at us . 
 with ironhorse at a distance , the man seemed to relax . 
 he inched up to the couch and perched on the edge , staring at me curiously . 
 i smiled at him over my book . 
 he seemed much calmer now , not so crazy . 
 his eyes were clear , though the way he stared at me , unblinking , was making me a bit uncomfortable . 
 `` hi , '' i greeted , squirming a bit under that unrelenting gaze . 
 `` you 're charles , are n't you ? 
 i heard your playing earlier . 
 you 're really good . '' 
 he gave me a confused frown , tilting his head . 
 `` you heard me ... play ? '' 
 he murmured , his voice surprisingly clear and deep . 
 `` i do n't ... remember that . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` in the foyer . 
 when we first came here . 
 you were playing for leanansidhe and we heard the end of it . '' 
 `` i do n't remember , '' he said again , scratching his head . 
 `` i do n't remember a lot of things . '' 
 he blinked and looked up at me , suddenly contemplative . 
 `` but ... i remember you . 
 is n't that strange ? '' 
 i glanced at ironhorse , hovering in the corner and pretending not to listen to us . 
 `` how long have you been here , charles ? '' 
 he frowned , scrunching his forehead . 
 his face , though lined and worn , was curiously childlike . 
 `` i. . . 
 i 've always been here . '' 
 `` they ca n't remember anything . '' 
 grimalkin popped into existence on the back of the couch , waving his tail . 
 i started and dropped my book , but charles simply looked at the cat , as if he had seen far stranger . 
 `` he 's been here too long , '' grimalkin continued , sitting down and curling his tail around his legs . 
 `` that 's what being in faery does to mortals . 
 this one 's forgotten everything about his life before . 
 same as all the other mortals wandering around this place . '' 
 `` hi , kitty , '' muttered charles , reaching a hand toward grimalkin . 
 grimalkin bristled and stalked to the other end of the couch . 
 `` how many of them are there ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` humans ? '' 
 grimalkin licked a paw , still keeping a wary eye on charles . 
 `` not so many . 
 a dozen or so , i 'd guess . 
 all great artists-poets or painters or other such nonsense . '' 
 he sniffed and scrubbed the paw over his face . 
 `` that 's what keeps this place alive , all that creative energy and glamour . 
 not even the redcaps will lay a finger on them . '' 
 `` how can she keep them here ? '' 
 i asked , but grimalkin yawned and settled down on the couch back , burying his nose in his tail and closing his eyes . 
 apparently , he was done answering questions . 
 i 'd poke him , but he would just swat me or disappear . 
 `` here you are , darlings . '' 
 leanansidhe breezed into the room , trailing a gauzy black dress and shawl behind her . 
 `` i 'm so glad i caught you before i left . 
 charles , darling , i must speak with my guests now . 
 shoo shoo . '' 
 she fluttered her hands , and with a last glance at me charles slipped off the couch and out the door . 
 `` you 're leaving ? '' 
 i eyed her dress and purse . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` have you seen puck , darling ? '' 
 leanansidhe gazed around the library , ignoring my question . 
 `` we need to have a little chitchat . 
 cook has been complaining that certain dinner items keep going missing , the head maid is mysteriously in love with a coatrack , and my butler has been chasing mice around the foyer all evening . '' 
 she sighed and pinched the bridge of her nose , closing her eyes . 
 `` anyway , darling . 
 if you see puck , be a dear and tell him to reverse the glamour on my poor maid , and to please stop stealing cakes from the oven before cook has a meltdown . 
 i shudder to think of what i might return to , but i simply can not stay . '' 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 `` me ? 
 i 'm off to nashville , darling . 
 some brilliant young songwriter is in need of inspiration . 
 it 's horrible to be so blocked , but not to worry . 
 soon , everyone will be in love with his muuuusic . '' 
 she sang the last word , and i bit my lip to kill the urge to dance . 
 leanansidhe went on without notice . 
 `` also , i need to pay a visit to a night hag , see if she has any information for us . 
 i 'll be back in a day or two , human time . 
 ciao , darling . '' 
 she waggled her fingers at me and vanished in a swirl of glitter . 
 i blinked and fought the urge to sneeze . 
 `` show-off , '' puck muttered , appearing from behind one of the bookshelves , as if he 'd been waiting for her to leave . 
 he crossed the room to perch on the armrest , rolling his eyes . 
 `` she could 've left without all the sparkly . 
 but then , lea always knew how to make an exit . '' 
 `` but she is gone . '' 
 ironhorse hurried over , looking around as if he feared leanansidhe was really hiding behind one of the chairs in the room , listening to him . 
 `` she is gone , and we can find a way out of here . '' 
 `` and do what , exactly ? '' 
 grimalkin raised his head and gave him a scornful look . 
 `` we still do not know where the scepter is . 
 we would only be announcing our presence to the enemy and lowering our chances of finding it . '' 
 `` furball 's right , unfortunately , '' puck sighed . 
 `` lea 's not the easiest fey to deal with , but she 's true to her word , and she has the best chance of finding the scepter . 
 we should stay put until we actually know where it is . '' 
 `` so . '' 
 ironhorse crossed his massive arms , his eyes smoldering heat and fury . 
 `` that is the plan from the great robin goodfellow . 
 we sit here and do nothing . '' 
 `` and what 's your brilliant plan , rusty ? 
 go clomping off to the city and poke our noses into every major corporation until the scepter falls on our heads ? '' 
 `` princess . '' 
 ironhorse turned to me . 
 `` this is foolish . 
 why wait here any longer ? 
 do n't you want to find the scepter ? 
 do n't you want to find prince ash - '' `` stop right there . '' 
 my voice dropped a few degrees , and maybe ironhorse heard the warning in it because he quickly shut up . 
 i stood , clenching my fists . 
 `` do n't you dare bring ash into this , '' i hissed , making him take a step back . 
 `` yes , i want to find him-he 's on my mind every single day . 
 but i ca n't , because we have to find the scepter first . 
 and even if the scepter was n't an issue , i still could n't do anything about ash because he does n't want to be found . 
 not by me . 
 he made that perfectly clear last i saw him . '' 
 my throat started to close up , and i took a shaky breath to fight it . 
 `` so , the answer to your question is , yes , i want to find ash . 
 but i ca n't . 
 because the damn scepter is more important . 
 and i 'm not gon na screw up just because you ca n't sit still for two damn minutes . '' 
 tears welled , and i blinked angrily , aware that all three were staring like my head was on fire . 
 i could n't tell what ironhorse was thinking behind that expressionless mask , but grimalkin looked bored , and puck 's face was balanced between jealousy and pity . 
 which pissed me off even more . 
 `` meghan , '' puck began , but i spun around and stormed out before i really started bawling . 
 he called after me , but i ignored him , swearing that if he grabbed me or got in my way he would get an earful . 
 `` let her go , '' i heard grimalkin say as i bashed the door open . 
 `` she would not hear you now , goodfellow . 
 she wants only him . '' 
 the door swung shut behind me , and i stomped down the hall , fighting angry tears . 
 it was n't fair . 
 i was tired of being responsible , tired of making the hard decisions because it was the right thing to do . 
 i wanted nothing more than to find ash and beg him to reconsider . 
 we could be together ; we could find a way to make it work if we tried hard enough , screw the consequences . 
 and the scepter . 
 the hallways stretched on , each one similar to the last : narrow , dark and red . 
 i did n't know where i was going , and i did n't really care . 
 i just wanted to get away from puck and ironhorse , to be alone with my selfish wishes for a while . 
 statues , paintings and musical instruments lined the corridors ; some of them vibrated softly as i passed , faint shivers of music hanging on the air . 
 finally , i sank down beside a harp , ignoring a piskie that watched from the end of the hall , and buried my face in my hands . 
 ash . 
 i miss you . 
 my eyes stung . 
 i swiped at them angrily , determined not to cry . 
 the harp thrummed in my ear , sounding curious and sympathetic . 
 idly , i drew my finger across the strings , and it released a mournful , shivery note that echoed down the hall . 
 another chord answered it , and another . 
 i raised my head and listened as the low , faint strains of piano music drifted into the corridor . 
 the song was dark , haunting and strangely familiar . 
 wiping my eyes , i stood and followed it , down the twisted hallways , past instruments that hummed and added their voices to the melody . 
 the song led me to pair of dark red doors with gilded handles . 
 beyond the wood , it sounded like a symphony was in full swing . 
 cautiously , i pushed the doors open and stepped into a large , circular red room . 
 waves of music flowed over me . 
 the room was full of instruments : harps and cellos and violins , along with a few guitars and even a ukulele . 
 in the middle of the room , charles sat hunched over the keys of a baby grand piano , eyes closed as his fingers flew over the instrument . 
 along the walls , the other instruments thrummed and trilled and lent their strains to the melody , turning the cacophony into something pure and wondrous . 
 the music was a living thing , swirling around the room , dark and eerie and haunted , bringing new tears to my eyes . 
 i sank onto a red velvet couch and gave in to my churning emotions . 
 i know this song . 
 but try as i might , i could n't remember from where . 
 the memory taunted me , keeping just out of reach , a gaping hole where the image should be . 
 but the melody , mysterious and devastatingly familiar , pulled at my insides , filling me with sadness and a gaping sense of loss . 
 tears flowing freely down my skin , i watched charles 's lean shoulders rise and fall with the chords , his head so low it almost touched the keys . 
 i could n't be sure , but i thought his cheeks were wet , too . 
 when the last note died away , neither of us moved for several heartbeats . 
 charles sat there , his fingers resting on the final keys , breathing hard . 
 my mind was still spinning in circles , trying to remember the tune . 
 but the longer i sat there , trying to recall it , the farther it slipped away , vanishing into the walls and carpet , until only the instruments remembered it at all . 
 charles finally pushed the seat back and rose , and i stood with him , feeling faintly guilty for eavesdropping . 
 `` that was beautiful , '' i said as he turned . 
 he blinked , obviously surprised to see me there , but he did n't startle or jump . 
 `` what was the name of the song ? '' 
 the question seemed to confuse him . 
 he frowned and cocked his head , furrowing his brow as if trying to understand me . 
 then a sorrowful expression crossed his face , and he shrugged . 
 `` i do n't remember . '' 
 i felt a pang of disappointment . 
 `` oh . '' 
 `` but ... '' he paused , running his fingers along the ivory keys , a faraway look in his eyes . 
 `` i seem to recall it was a favorite of mine . 
 long ago . 
 i think . '' 
 he blinked , and his eyes focused on me again . 
 `` do you know what it 's called ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` oh . 
 that 's too bad . '' 
 he sighed , pouting a bit . 
 `` the rats said you might remember . '' 
 okay , now it was time to leave . 
 i stood , but before i could make my escape , the door creaked open , and warren entered the room . 
 `` oh , hey , meghan . '' 
 he licked his lips , eyes darting about in a nervous fashion . 
 one hand was tucked into his jacket , hiding it from view . 
 `` i. . . 
 um ... i 'm looking for puck . 
 is he here ? '' 
 something about him put me off . 
 i shifted uncomfortably and crossed my arms . 
 `` no . 
 i think he 's in the library with ironhorse . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 he stepped in farther , pulling his hand out of his jacket . 
 the lights gleamed along the black barrel of a gun as he raised the muzzle and pointed it at me . 
 i went stiff with shock , and warren glanced over his shoulder . 
 `` okay , '' he called , `` coast is clear . '' 
 the door swung open , and a half-dozen redcaps poured into the room behind him . 
 the one with the fishhook in his nose , razor dan , stepped forward and leered at me with a mouthful of jagged teeth . 
 `` you sure this is the one , half-breed ? '' 
 warren smirked . 
 `` i 'm sure , '' he replied , never taking the gun , or his eyes , off me . 
 `` the iron king will reward us handsomely for this , you have my word . '' 
 `` bastard , '' i hissed at warren , making the redcaps snicker . 
 `` traitor . 
 why are you doing this ? 
 leanansidhe gives you everything . '' 
 `` oh , come on . '' 
 warren sneered and shook his head . 
 `` you act like it 's a total shock that i want something better than this . '' 
 he gestured around the foyer with his free hand . 
 `` being a minion in leanansidhe 's sorry refugee cult has n't exactly been my life goal , princess . 
 so i 'm a little bitter , yeah . 
 but the new iron king is offering half-breeds and exiles part of the nevernever and a chance to kick the pure-blooded asses of all the dicks who stomped on us if we just do him a teensy favor and find you . 
 and you were nice enough to drop into my lap . '' 
 `` you 'll never get away with it , '' i told him desperately . 
 `` puck and ironhorse will come looking for me . 
 and leanansidhe - '' `` by the time leanansidhe gets back , we 'll be long gone , '' warren interrupted . 
 `` and the rest of dan 's crew is taking care of goodfellow and the iron monster , so they 're a little busy at the moment . 
 i 'm afraid that no one is coming to your rescue , princess . '' 
 `` warren , '' snapped razor dan with an impatient glare . 
 `` we do n't have time to gloat , you idiot . 
 shoot the crazy and let 's get out of here before leanansidhe comes back . '' 
 my stomach clenched tight . 
 warren rolled his eyes , swinging the barrel of the gun around to charles . 
 charles stiffened , seeming to grasp what was happening as warren gave him a crooked leer . 
 `` sorry , charles , '' he muttered , and the gun filled my vision , cold , black and steely . 
 i saw the opening of the barrel like edgebriar 's iron ring , and felt a buzzing beneath my skin . 
 `` it 's nothing personal . 
 you just got in the way . '' 
 tighten , i thought at the pistol barrel , just as warren pulled the trigger . 
 a roar shattered the air as the gun exploded in warren 's hand , sending the half-satyr stumbling back . 
 screaming , he dropped the mangled remains of the weapon and clutched his hand to his chest as the smell of smoke and burning flesh filled the room . 
 the redcaps stared wide-eyed at warren as he collapsed to his knees , wailing and shaking his charred hand . 
 `` what are you waiting for ? '' 
 he screamed at them , his voice half shout and half sob . 
 `` kill the crazy and get the girl ! '' 
 the redcap closest to me snarled and lunged . 
 i shrank back , but charles suddenly stepped between us . 
 before the redcap could dodge , he grabbed a cello off the wall and smashed it down over its head . 
 the instrument let out a shriek , as if in pain , and the redcap crumpled the floor . 
 razor dan sighed . 
 `` all right , lads , '' he growled , as i grabbed charles 's hand and pulled him back behind the piano . 
 `` all together now . 
 get them ! '' 
 `` princess ! '' 
 behind them , the door burst open with a furious roar , and two redcaps were hurled through the air , landing face-first into the wall . 
 the pack spun around , their eyes going wide as ironhorse barreled into them , swinging his huge fists and bellowing at the top of his lungs . 
 several redcaps went flying and the rest swarmed him with bloodthirsty cries , biting at his arms and legs . 
 they fell back , shrieking in pain , teeth shattered , mouths blackened and raw . 
 ironhorse continued to hurl them away like he 'd gone berserk . 
 `` hey , princess . '' 
 puck appeared beside me , grinning from ear to ear . 
 `` grimalkin said you were having redcap trouble . 
 we 're here to help , although i must say rusty is doing fine on his own . '' 
 he ducked as a redcap flew overhead , landing with a crunch against the wall . 
 `` i 'll have to remember to keep him around . 
 he 'd be great fun at parties , do n't you think ? '' 
 the redcap ironhorse had thrown into the wall staggered to his feet , looking dazed . 
 seeing us , he bared a mouthful of broken teeth and tensed to lunge . 
 puck grinned and pulled out his dagger , but there was an explosion of light between them , and a ringing voice filled the hallway . 
 `` everyone freeze ! '' 
 we froze . 
 `` well , '' leanansidhe said , striding over to me and puck . 
 `` turns out this game was a rousing success . 
 although , i must say , i was hoping to be surprised . 
 it gets rather boring when you 're right about everything . '' 
 `` l-leanansidhe , '' razor dan stammered , all the blood draining from his face as she regarded him with her fearsome smile . 
 `` h-how ... ? 
 you 're supposed to be in nashville . '' 
 `` dan , darling . '' 
 leanansidhe shook her head and tsked . 
 `` did you really think i was blind to what was going on ? 
 in my own house ? 
 i know the rumors circulating the streets , pet . 
 i know the iron king has been offering rewards for the girl . 
 i had the feeling there was a traitor in my house , a so-called agent of the iron king . 
 what better way to flush him out than to leave him alone with the princess and wait for him to make his move ? 
 your kind is so very predictable , darling . '' 
 `` we ... '' dan glanced around at his crew , clearly looking for someone else to blame . 
 `` this was n't our idea , leanansidhe . '' 
 `` oh , i know , darling . 
 you 're too dull to organize something like this . 
 which is why i 'm not going to punish you . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 dan relaxed a bit . 
 `` really ? '' 
 i blurted , looking up at her . 
 `` but they attacked me ! 
 and they were going to kill charles ! 
 you 're not going to do anything about that ? '' 
 `` they were only following their base instincts , pet . '' 
 leanansidhe smiled at me . 
 `` i expected nothing less of them . 
 what i really want is the mastermind . 
 why do n't you stick around ... warren . '' 
 we all turned to where warren was trying to sneak down the corridor without being seen . 
 he froze , wincing at the sound of his name , and gave leanansidhe a feeble smile . 
 `` leanansidhe , i. . . 
 i can explain . '' 
 `` oh , i 'm sure you can , darling . '' 
 leanansidhe 's voice made my stomach curl . 
 `` and you will . 
 we 're going to have a little chitchat , and you 're going to tell me everything you know about the iron king and the scepter . 
 you 're going to sing , darling . 
 sing as you 've never sung before , i promise . '' 
 `` come on , '' puck told me , taking my elbow . 
 `` you do n't want to hear this , princess , trust me . 
 lea will give us the information when she has it . '' 
 `` charles , '' i said , and he turned from leanansidhe to me , his eyes blank and empty once more . 
 `` come on . 
 let 's get out of here . '' 
 `` pretty lady 's sparkly , '' charles muttered . 
 i sighed . 
 `` yeah , '' i said sadly , taking his hand . 
 `` she is . '' 
 with ironhorse glowering and puck leading the way , we fled the music room and leanansidhe 's presence , leaving warren to his fate . 
 chapter fourteen royal treatment `` a software corporation ? '' 
 puck repeated , brow furrowing . 
 `` really . 
 that 's where they 've been hiding it all this time ? '' 
 `` apparently , darling . '' 
 leanansidhe leaned back in her chair , crossing her long legs . 
 `` remember , the iron fey are n't like us . 
 they 're not going to be hanging around parks and museums , singing to flowers . 
 they like high-tech places that attract the cold , calculating mortals we care so little for . '' 
 i shared a glance with puck . 
 we 'd been talking about that strange , cold glamour i 'd used on the gun before leanansidhe came in . 
 though we were only guessing , we 'd both come to the conclusion that it had indeed been iron glamour that i 'd used on warren , and that leanansidhe , with her obvious hate and contempt for the iron fey , definitely should not know about it yet . 
 i wished i knew more about it . 
 i had the feeling this had never happened in the faery world before , that i was a first , and there was no expert to talk to . 
 why did i have iron glamour ? 
 why could i use it sometimes and not others ? 
 too many questions , and no answers . 
 i sighed and decided to focus on the problem at hand , instead of the one i had no hope of unraveling yet . 
 `` what 's the name of this place ? '' 
 i asked leanansidhe , not pointing out that i was one of those cold , calculating mortals who liked gadgets and computers and high-tech . 
 i still missed my poor drowned ipod , the victim of a river crossing the first time i came to faery , and this was the longest i 'd ever gone without television . 
 if i ever got back to having a normal life , i 'd have a lot to catch up on . 
 leanansidhe tapped her fingers against the armrest , pursing her lips in thought . 
 `` oh , what did they call it ? 
 they all sound the same to me , darling . '' 
 she snapped her fingers . 
 `` scicorp , i believe it was . 
 yes , in downtown san jose . 
 the heart of silicon valley . '' 
 `` big place , '' i muttered . 
 `` i do n't think we can just walk in . 
 there 's sure to be cameras and security guards and everything . '' 
 `` yes , a frontal assault is doomed to fail , '' leanansidhe agreed , glancing at ironhorse , who stood in the corner with his arms crossed . 
 `` and remember , it 's not only mortals you have to worry about . 
 there 's sure to be iron fey as well . 
 you 're going to have to be ... sneakier . '' 
 in the corner , ironhorse raised his head . 
 `` what about a distraction ? '' 
 he offered . 
 `` i could keep their attention on me , while someone goes in through the back . '' 
 `` or i could glamour meghan invisible , '' puck added . 
 grimalkin yawned from where he lay the couch . 
 `` it will be risky holding a glamour with all the iron and steel inside , '' he said , blinking sleepily . 
 `` and we all know how horribly incompetent the human is when it comes to magic , even without her glamour sealed off . '' 
 i threw a pillow at him . 
 he gave me a disdainful look and went back to sleep . 
 `` do we know anything about the building ? '' 
 i asked leanansidhe . 
 `` blueprints , security , that kind of thing ? '' 
 i suddenly felt like a spy in an action movie . 
 the image of me dangling over a net of trip wires , mission impossible style , sprang to mind , and i bit down a nervous giggle . 
 `` unfortunately , warren did n't have much to say about the building , though he really wanted to at the end , poor boy . '' 
 leanansidhe smiled , as if reliving a fond memory , and i shivered . 
 `` thankfully , my spies found out all we needed to know . 
 they said they 're holding the scepter on floor twenty-nine point five . '' 
 `` twenty-nine point five ? '' 
 i frowned . 
 `` how 's that work ? '' 
 `` i 've no idea , darling . 
 that 's just what they said . 
 however - '' and she produced a slip of paper with a flourish '' - they were able to come up with this . 
 apparently , it 's some sort of code , used to get into the iron faeries ' lair . 
 they could n't solve it , but perhaps you will have better luck . 
 i 've no head for numbers at all , i 'm afraid . '' 
 she handed the paper to me . 
 puck and ironhorse crowded around , and we stared at it for several moments . 
 leanansidhe was right-it was definitely part of a code . 
 3 13 1113 3113 132113 1 ... `` okay , '' i mused , after several moments of racking my brain and not coming up with anything . 
 `` so , we just have to figure this out and then we 're home free . 
 does n't sound too hard . '' 
 `` i 'm afraid it 's a bit more complicated , darling . '' 
 leanansidhe accepted a glass of wine from a brownie . 
 `` as you said before , scicorp is not a place you can just walk into . 
 visitors are not allowed past the front desk , and security is fairly tight . 
 you have to be an employee to get off the first floor . '' 
 `` well , what if we pretended to be the janitor or cleaning service , or something like that ? '' 
 grimalkin snorted and shifted position on the couch . 
 `` would you not need an id card for that ? '' 
 he said , settling comfortably on the pillow i 'd thrown at him . 
 `` if the building is so well guarded , i doubt they let in common riffraff off the street . '' 
 i slumped , frowning . 
 `` he 's right . 
 we would need a fake id , or the id of one of the workers , to make it inside . 
 i do n't know anyone who can get us something like that . '' 
 leanansidhe smiled . 
 `` i do , '' she said , and snapped her fingers twice . 
 `` skrae , darling , '' she called , `` would you come here a moment ? 
 i need you to find something . '' 
 a piskie spiraled into view , gossamer wings buzzing . 
 three inches tall , he had indigo skin and dandelion hair , and wore nothing but a razor-toothed grin as he fluttered by . 
 his eyes , enormous white orbs in his pointed face , regarded me curiously , until leanansidhe clapped her hands . 
 `` skrae , pet , i 'm over here . 
 focus , darling . '' 
 the piskie gave me a wink and a suggestive hip wiggle before turning his attention to leanansidhe . 
 `` good . 
 now , pay attention . 
 i have a mission for you . 
 i want you to find the streetrats . 
 the half-phouka and the troll boy , i forget their names . 
 tell them to leave off the eggs for now , i have another job for them . 
 now go , darling . 
 buzz buzz . '' 
 she fluttered her hand , and the piskie zipped away out of sight . 
 `` kimi and nelson , '' i said softly . 
 `` what , darling ? '' 
 `` that 's their names . 
 kimi and nelson . 
 they were with ... with warren , when we first met . '' 
 i remembered kimi 's impish grin , nelson 's stoic expression . 
 `` you do n't think they 're involved with the iron fey , too ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 leanansidhe leaned back , snapping at a brownie for wine . 
 `` they knew nothing of warren 's betrayal or plot to kidnap you . 
 he made that very clear . '' 
 `` oh . 
 that 's a relief . '' 
 `` although , '' leanansidhe mused with a faraway look , `` the girl would make a lovely violin . 
 or maybe a lyre . 
 the troll is more of a bass , i believe . 
 what do you think , darling ? '' 
 i shuddered and hoped she was kidding . 
 kimi and nelson showed up a few hours later . 
 when they walked into the foyer , leanansidhe wasted no time in telling them what had happened to warren , which left them shocked and angry but not disbelieving . 
 no tears were shed , no furious accusations were hurled at anyone . 
 kimi sniffled a bit , but when leanansidhe informed them they had a job , both perked up instantly . 
 they struck me as very pragmatic kids , used to the school of hard knocks , which left little room for self-pity or wallowing . 
 `` so , '' kimi said , flopping back on the sofa , which almost swallowed her whole , `` what do you want us to do ? '' 
 leanansidhe smiled and gestured for me to take over . 
 `` this is your plan , dove . 
 you tell them what you need . '' 
 `` um ... right . '' 
 the two half-breeds looked at me expectantly . 
 i swallowed . 
 `` um , well , have you heard of a company called scicorp ? '' 
 kimi nodded , kicking her feet . 
 `` sure . 
 big corporation that makes software , or something like that . 
 why ? '' 
 i looked at leanansidhe , and she waved her cigarette at me encouragingly . 
 `` well , we need to get inside the building and steal something . 
 unnoticed . '' 
 kimi 's eyes widened . 
 `` you serious ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` yes . 
 but , we need your help to get past the guards and the security . 
 specifically , we need an id card from one of the workers , and leanansidhe said you might be able to get us one . 
 could you do that ? '' 
 kimi and nelson shared a glance , and the half-phouka turned to me with a mischievous smile . 
 `` no problem . '' 
 her eyes gleamed , relishing the encounter . 
 `` when do you want it ? '' 
 `` as soon as possible . '' 
 `` right , then . '' 
 kimi squirmed off the couch and tapped nelson 's huge bicep . 
 `` come on , big guy . 
 let 's go terrorize a human . 
 back before you know it . '' 
 as the two left the foyer , puck glanced at leanansidhe . 
 `` you sure those two can handle it ? '' 
 he asked , and grinned mischievously . 
 `` want me to help them out ? '' 
 `` no , darling . 
 it 's best that you do not . '' 
 leanansidhe stood , green smoke swirling about her . 
 `` half-breeds have it easier in silicon valley-they wo n't attract as much attention as normal fey , and they have n't our allergies to all the iron and steel . 
 those two will be fine , trust me . 
 now , then . '' 
 she walked toward me , smiling . 
 `` come with me , my pet . 
 we have a big day ahead of us . '' 
 i stared at her nervously . 
 `` where are we going ? '' 
 `` shopping , darling ! '' 
 `` what ? 
 now ? 
 why ? '' 
 leanansidhe tsked . 
 `` darling , you ca n't expect to waltz into scicorp looking like that . '' 
 she regarded my jeans and sweater imperiously , and sniffed . 
 `` it does n't exactly scream ` i 'm a business professional . ' 
 more like , ` i 'm a goodwill junkie . ' 
 if we 're going to get you into scicorp , you 'll need more than luck and glamour . 
 you 'll need an entire makeover . '' 
 `` but we 're running out of time . 
 why ca n't puck just glamour me some clothes - '' `` darling , darling , darling . '' 
 leanansidhe waved her hand . 
 `` you never turn down a chance to go shopping , pet . 
 besides , did n't you hear grimalkin ? 
 even the most powerful glamour has the tendency to unravel if surrounded by steel and iron . 
 we do n't want you to look like a corporate worker , dove , we want you to be a corporate worker . 
 and we 're going shopping , no buts about it . '' 
 she gave me an indulgent smile i did n't like at all . 
 `` think of me as your temporary faery godmother , darling . 
 just let me get my magic wand . '' 
 i followed leanansidhe down another long corridor that dumped us out onto a sunny sidewalk bustling with people , who did n't notice our sudden appearance from a previously empty alleyway . 
 even though the sun was shining and the sky was clear , there was a frigid bite to the air , and people hurried down the street in thick sweaters and coats , a sign that winter was on its way or had already arrived . 
 as we passed a newspaper machine , i quickly scanned the date in the corner and breathed in a sigh of relief . 
 five months . 
 i 'd been stuck in faery five months ; a long time to be sure , but better than five years , or five centuries . 
 at least my parents were still alive . 
 i spent the rest of the afternoon being dragged from shop to shop , following leanansidhe as she plucked clothes from racks and shoved them at me , demanding i try them on . 
 when i balked at the ungodly prices , she laughed and reminded me that she was my temporary faery godmother today , and that price was not an issue . 
 i tried on women 's suits first , sleek jackets and tight , knee-length skirts that made me look five years older , at least to leanansidhe 's reckoning . 
 i must 've tried on two dozen different styles , colors and combinations before leanansidhe finally announced that she liked a simple black outfit that looked like every other black outfit i had tried on . 
 `` so , we 're done now ? '' 
 i ventured hopefully , as leanansidhe had the store clerk take the suit away to be wrapped . 
 the faery looked down at me in genuine surprise and laughed . 
 `` oh , no , darling . 
 that was just a suit . 
 you still need shoes , makeup , a purse , a few accessories ... no pet , we 've only just begun . '' 
 `` i did n't think faeries liked shopping and buying stuff . 
 is n't that a bit ... unnatural ? '' 
 `` of course not , darling . 
 shopping is just another form of hunting . 
 all fey are hunters , whether they admit it or not . 
 it 's in our nature , pet , nothing unnatural about it . '' 
 that made a strange sort of sense . 
 more stores . 
 i lost track of all the places we visited , the aisles we stalked , the racks we pored over . 
 leanansidhe was a faery on a mission ; the second she swept through the doors , all salespeople would drop what they were doing and flock to her side , asking if they could help , if they could be of service . 
 i was invisible beside her ; even when leanansidhe announced we were shopping for me , the clerks would forget i existed the second they turned away . 
 still , they were eager to please , bringing out their best shoes in my size , showing us a staggering variety of purses i would never use , and suggesting earrings that would accent the color of my eyes . 
 -lrb- this was also the time leanansidhe discovered i did n't pierce my ears . 
 thirty minutes later , i sat with my earlobes throbbing as a bubbly clerk pressed cotton to my ears and cheerfully told me the swelling would go down in a day or two . -rrb- 
 finally , as the sun was setting over the buildings , the queen of shopping decided we were finished . 
 relieved that the long day was over , i sat on a chair , staring at the stupid code , annoyed that i still could n't solve it . 
 i watched leanansidhe chat up the clerk as she wrapped and bagged the merchandise . 
 when she announced the grand total , i nearly fell out of my seat , but leanansidhe smiled and handed her a credit card without blinking once . 
 for just a moment , when the clerk handed it back , the card looked more like a piece of bark , but leanansidhe dropped it into her purse before i could get a closer look . 
 `` well , '' my temporary faery godmother said brightly as we departed the store , `` we have your clothes , your shoes , and your accessories . 
 now , the real fun begins . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 i asked wearily . 
 `` your hair , my dove . 
 it 's just ... not good . '' 
 leanansidhe made as if to pluck my bangs , but could n't quite bring herself to touch them . 
 `` and your nails . 
 they need help . 
 fortunately , it 's almost time for the spa to open . '' 
 `` spa ? '' 
 i looked at the glowing orange ball disappearing over the horizon , wishing we could go home . 
 `` but it must be six o'clock . 
 are n't most places like that closed ? '' 
 `` of course , darling . 
 that 's when all the humans leave . 
 do n't ask such silly questions . '' 
 leanansidhe shook her head at my naivete . 
 `` come now . 
 i know ben will be dying to meet you . '' 
 natural earth salon and spa was crowded tonight . 
 we passed a pair of giggling sylphs on the pebbled path to the salon . 
 petite and delicate , their razor-edged wings buzzing softly , they grinned at us as we walked by , teeth glinting like knives . 
 a winter sidhe , tall and cold and beautiful , brushed by us as we stepped through the door into the waiting area , leaving a trail of frost on my skin and a chill in my lungs . 
 a trio of piskies landed in my hair , laughing and tugging , until leanansidhe gave them a look and they buzzed out the door . 
 inside , the lighting was dim , the walls hewn of natural stone , giving it a cavelike feel . 
 a marble fountain with fish and mermaids bubbled in the center of the foyer , filling the room with the cheerful sound of running water . 
 orchids and bamboo flourished in natural planters , and the air was warm and damp . 
 `` why are there so many fey here ? '' 
 i asked softly , as a huge black dog loped across the doorway in the back . 
 `` is this a place for exiles ? 
 a salon and spa ? 
 that 's kind of weird . '' 
 `` ca n't you feel it , dove ? 
 the glamour of this place ? '' 
 leanansidhe leaned down , gesturing to the walls and fountain . 
 `` some places in the mortal world are more magical than others , hot spots for glamour , if you will . 
 it draws us like a moth to a flame-exiles , solitary and court fey alike . 
 besides , darling - '' leanansidhe straightened with a sniff . 
 `` even our kind appreciates a bit of pampering now and then . '' 
 a blond , well-dressed satyr welcomed leanansidhe with a kiss on both cheeks , before turning to me with a dazzling smile . 
 `` ah , so this is the princess i 've heard so much about , '' he gushed , taking my hand to press it to his lips . 
 `` she 's absolutely adorable . 
 but - '' and he glanced at leanansidhe '' - i can see what you mean about her hair . 
 and her nails . '' 
 he shuddered and shook his head before i could say anything . 
 `` well , leave it to me . 
 we 'll have her looking fabulous in no time . '' 
 `` work your magic , ben , '' leanansidhe said , wandering away toward a back door . 
 `` i 'll be with miguel if you need me , darling . 
 meghan dear , just do what ben says and you 'll be fine . '' 
 she waved her hand airily as she sauntered through the door , and was gone . 
 ben turned to me and clasped his furry hands . 
 `` well , sweet-cakes , you 're in luck . 
 we have the rest of the evening booked for you . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 i could n't help sounding dubious . 
 i had never been to one of these places before , let alone one run completely by the fey , and did n't know what to expect . 
 `` how long can it take to do hair ? '' 
 ben laughed . 
 `` oh , sweet pea , you 're killing me . 
 come , now . 
 we 've got a lot to do . '' 
 the next few hours flew by in a confused blur . 
 the fey staff , mostly satyrs and a few brownies , were alarmingly attentive . 
 they took my clothes away and wrapped me in a very white bathrobe . 
 i was made to lie on my back while brownies in white suits slathered cream on my face and put cucumbers over my eyes , telling me to lie still . 
 after maybe an hour of this , they sat me up , and a cute satyr named miroku soaked my hands in a warm bath that smelled like cocoa and coffee beans . 
 he massaged my hands with lotion before meticulously filing , polishing , and painting my nails . 
 then the whole procedure was done to my feet . 
 after that , they whisked me away to the stylist , who shampooed , trimmed and styled my hair-with bronze scissors , i noted-chatting at me all the while . 
 it was odd . 
 i wo n't say i did n't enjoy all the attention and pampering , but i did feel a bit dazed through the whole process , and a little out of place . 
 this was n't me . 
 i was n't a princess or a superstar or anything special . 
 i was a poor pig-farmer girl from louisiana , and i did n't belong here . 
 they were adding the final touches of makeup to my eyes and lips when leanansidhe sauntered back into the room , looking so smug and relaxed that her skin glowed . 
 she had dropped her more human glamour , and her ethereal beauty filled the room , red-gold hair nearly blinding under the artificial lights . 
 ben trailed behind her , gushing about how radiant she looked . 
 `` mmm yes , i swear that miguel is a virtual musician with his fingers , '' leanansidhe murmured with a catlike stretch , raising too-slender arms over her head . 
 `` if you did n't need him so badly , love , i 'd kidnap him myself and take him home . 
 that kind of talent is hard to find , believe me . 
 well now , '' she exclaimed when she saw me . 
 `` look at you , darling . 
 you 're a completely different person . 
 i barely recognize you . '' 
 `` is n't she cute ? '' 
 ben added , beaming at me . 
 `` do n't you love what they did with her hair ? 
 i adore the highlights , and patricia does layering so well . '' 
 `` it 's perfect , '' leanansidhe nodded , studying me with a half smile that made me very uncomfortable . 
 `` if i do n't recognize her , no one in scicorp will , either . '' 
 i wanted to say something , but at that moment , a strange odor cut through the smell of perfume , makeup and moisturizers , stopping me mid-breath . 
 leanansidhe and ben stiffened , as did every faery in the room . 
 a couple brownies went scurrying away in terror , and the faery patrons began to murmur and shift restlessly as the foreign smell grew stronger . 
 i recognized it , and my heart sped up , beating against my ribs . 
 metal . 
 there was an iron faery on the premises . 
 and then , it walked through the door . 
 my stomach turned over , and some of the patrons gasped . 
 the iron faery was dressed in a dove-gray business suit , and an expressive-looking one at that . 
 short black hair did n't conceal the long pointed ears , or the bluetooth phone near his jaw . 
 his skin , green as circuit board , glinted with hundreds of blinking lights , wires and computer chips . 
 behind thick , wire-rimmed glasses , his eyes shimmered green , blue and red . 
 smooth as glass , ben sidled in front of me , blocking my view but also shielding me from the faery 's gaze . 
 i froze and tried to be as invisible as possible . 
 `` well . '' 
 the iron faery 's voice , thick with mockery , cut through the room . 
 `` is n't anyone going to invite me in ? 
 give me a pamphlet ? 
 tell me your services ? 
 for such a high-ranking business , the customer service leaves much to be desired . '' 
 for a moment , nobody moved . 
 then one of the satyrs edged forward , shaking but furious at the same time . 
 `` we do n't serve your kind here . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 the faery put a hand to his chest , feigning astonishment . 
 `` well , i must say , i 'm rather embarrassed . 
 then again , i could probably kill you all without even thinking about it , so i suppose a little prejudice is acceptable . '' 
 leanansidhe stepped forward , her hair coiling behind her like snakes . 
 `` what do you want , abomination ? '' 
 `` leanansidhe . '' 
 the iron faery smiled . 
 `` you are leanansidhe , are n't you ? 
 we 've heard of you , you and your little network of spies . 
 word is , you know the location of oberon 's daughter , the summer princess . '' 
 `` i know a lot , darling . '' 
 leanansidhe sounded utterly bored and disinterested . 
 `` it 's my business to be informed , for my own amusement and safety . 
 i do n't make a habit of involving myself . 
 nor do i make a habit of conversing with iron abominations . 
 so , if we 're quite done here , i think you should leave . '' 
 `` oh , i 'll be gone soon enough . '' 
 the iron faery did n't seem the least bit perturbed . 
 `` but , my boss has a message for you , and an offer . 
 give us the location of oberon 's daughter , and all your crimes will be abolished when we take the nevernever . 
 you can go home . 
 do n't you want to go home , leanansidhe ? '' 
 he raised his voice , addressing the rest of the assembled fey . 
 `` and that goes for every half-breed and exile , pure-blooded or not . 
 help us find the summer princess , and your place in the nevernever will be assured . 
 the iron king welcomes all who want to serve him . '' 
 he paused after this announcement , waiting for someone to step forward . 
 no one moved . 
 probably because leanansidhe , standing in the middle of the room , was throwing off some seriously scary vibes , flickering the lamps with her power . 
 which was a good thing , because everyone was looking at her and not me . 
 the iron faery waited a moment longer , and when no one volunteered to piss off the queen of the exiles , he stepped back with a smile . 
 `` well . 
 if anyone changes his mind , just call us . 
 we 're everywhere . 
 and we will come for you , in the end . '' 
 he spun on a heel and left , footsteps clicking over the tile . 
 everyone watched him go . 
 leanansidhe glowered at the door until the last traces of iron faded away , then spun on me . 
 `` party 's over , darling . 
 let 's go . 
 ben , you 're a doll and your assistance today is much appreciated , but we really must dash . '' 
 `` of course , girl . '' 
 ben waved to us as we hurried out . 
 `` you bring that cutie back to see me soon , okay ? 
 and good luck infiltrating the megacorporation ! '' 
 when we returned to the mansion , we found puck and ironhorse discussing strategy with kimi and nelson , who had returned from their mission . 
 all four were huddled around the library table , heads bent close together , muttering in low voices . 
 when we came in , followed by several redcaps carrying our bags , they straightened quickly , and their eyes went wide . 
 even ironhorse 's glowing eyes got big and round when we swept through the door . 
 `` wow , meghan ! '' 
 kimi bounced in place , clapping her hands . 
 `` you look awesome ! 
 i love what you did with your hair . '' 
 `` princess . '' 
 ironhorse looked me up and down , nodding in approval . 
 `` truly , you are a vision . '' 
 i glanced at puck , who was staring at me in a daze . 
 `` um ... '' he stammered , while i nearly went into shock with the novelty of actually rendering puck speechless . 
 `` you look ... nice , '' he muttered at last . 
 i blushed , suddenly self-conscious . 
 `` children . '' 
 leanansidhe clapped her hands , bringing our attention back to her . 
 `` if we are going to retrieve the scepter , we need to move quickly . 
 you , streetrats . '' 
 she snapped her fingers at kimi and nelson . 
 `` did you get what i sent you for , darlings ? '' 
 kimi nodded at nelson , who dug in his pocket and held up a plastic id card . 
 the face of a bespectacled blond woman glared out from the right corner , lips pursed as if trying to kill the camera with a look . 
 nelson tossed the card to leanansidhe , who studied it disdainfully . 
 `` rosalyn smith . 
 a bit old , but she 'll have to do . 
 well , then . '' 
 she turned to the rest of us . 
 `` tomorrow is a big day , darlings . 
 do n't stay up too late . 
 i 'll meet you in the foyer tomorrow morning . 
 meghan , dove , you really need to figure out that code before tomorrow . 
 operation scepter begins at dawn . 
 ta ! '' 
 she gestured dramatically and vanished in a swirl of glitter . 
 that night , i was too nervous to sleep . 
 i lay on my bed , grimalkin dozing beside me on the pillow , trying to figure out the code but really just staring at the numbers until my eyes glazed over . 
 i kept visualizing everything that could go wrong during the mission , which was a rather lengthy list . 
 in a few hours , we were going to sneak into scicorp using some woman 's badge , grab the scepter , and book out before anyone realized we were there . 
 as if it would be that easy , like a walk on the beach . 
 as if they would n't have the scepter guarded day and night . 
 there was a soft rap on my door , and puck peeked his head inside . 
 `` hey , princess . 
 thought you could use something to eat . 
 mind if i come in ? '' 
 i shook my head , and puck entered with a plate bearing sandwiches and apple slices . 
 `` here , '' he announced , setting it down on the bed . 
 `` you should eat something . 
 i tried making something better , but cook chased me out of the kitchen with a rolling pin . 
 i do n't think she 's very fond of me . '' 
 he snickered and fell across the bed , helping himself to an apple slice as he got comfortable . 
 `` appreciate it , '' i murmured , picking up a sandwich . 
 cheese and ... more cheese ; better than nothing , i guessed . 
 `` where 's ironhorse ? '' 
 `` off with the two streetrats , discussing strategy , '' puck replied , stuffing the whole apple wedge into his mouth . 
 `` you should hear them-they think they 're in a james bond movie or something . '' 
 he noticed me fiddling with a corner of the paper square and sat up . 
 `` how 's it going , princess ? '' 
 i crumpled the paper into a wad and threw it across the room . 
 puck blinked . 
 `` um , not well , i assume ? '' 
 `` i do n't get it , '' i sighed , drawing my hand across my eyes . 
 `` i 've tried everything i can think of to make heads or tails of it-addition , multiplying the lines , division-and i still do n't get it . 
 and if i ca n't decrypt the stupid code , we wo n't get up to the right floor , which means we wo n't get the scepter , which means everyone will die because of me ! '' 
 `` hey . '' 
 puck sat up and put an arm around me . 
 `` why are you freaking out ? 
 this is nothing , princess . 
 this should be cake for you . 
 you 're the one who took down the iron king . 
 you marched into the heart of enemy territory and kicked ass . 
 this is n't any different . '' 
 `` yes , it is ! '' 
 i put my sandwich down and stared at him . 
 `` this is worlds apart ! 
 puck , when i faced machina , it was to rescue ethan , just ethan . 
 i 'm not saying he was n't important-i would 've died to save him in a heartbeat . 
 but it was only one person . '' 
 i closed my eyes and leaned into puck 's chest , listening to his heartbeat for a few seconds . 
 `` if i screw this up , '' i muttered , `` if i do n't get the scepter back , everyone will die . 
 not just you and ironhorse and the others , but everyone . 
 faery will be wiped out . 
 no summer , no winter , nothing . 
 nothing but the iron fey will be left . 
 now do you see why i 'm a little jumpy ? '' 
 i did n't mention that i wished ash was here . 
 that he was the main reason i 'd been brave in the iron kingdom . 
 i missed him , his calm , unflinching determination , his quiet self-confidence . 
 puck shifted so that he was facing me , tilting my chin to look at me square . 
 i met his eyes and saw a hundred churning emotions in his emerald gaze . 
 `` i 'm here , '' he murmured , running long fingers through my hair . 
 `` do n't forget that . 
 no matter what happens , i 'll protect you . '' 
 he leaned in , resting his forehead to mine . 
 i smelled apples on his breath , saw my own reflection in his eyes . 
 `` i 'll never leave your side , no matter what comes at us . 
 count on it . '' 
 my heart thumped in my ears . 
 i knew i was standing on the edge of a vast precipice , looking down . 
 i knew i should pull away , that if i stayed here , a line would be crossed , and we could never go back . 
 i closed my eyes instead . 
 and puck kissed me . 
 his lips were hesitant at first , brushing lightly against mine , giving me room to pull away . 
 when i pressed into him , he cupped the back of my head and kissed me in earnest . 
 i wrapped my arms around his neck and pulled him close , wanting to forget everything that was happening , to drown myself in feeling . 
 maybe now the gaping hurt and loneliness would go away for a little while . 
 puck shoved the plate off the bed and leaned back , pulling me down with him , his lips suddenly at my neck , tracing a line of fire down my skin . 
 `` if you are going to do that , would you mind not jostling the bed so much ? '' 
 came a sarcastic voice near the headboard . 
 `` perhaps you could roll around on the floor . '' 
 blushing furiously , i looked up . 
 grimalkin lay on the pillow , watching us with a bemused , half-lidded stare . 
 puck followed my gaze and let out an explosive sigh . 
 `` did i ever mention how much i hate cats ? '' 
 `` do not blame me , goodfellow . '' 
 grimalkin blinked , managing to sound bored and indignant at the same time . 
 `` i was minding my own business long before you and the princess started humping like rabbits . '' 
 puck snorted . 
 rolling to his stomach , he pushed himself off the bed and pulled me up with him , wrapping me in his arms . 
 my face flamed , but whether it was from grimalkin 's ill-timed comments or something else , i could n't tell . 
 `` i 'd better go , '' puck sighed , sounding reluctant . 
 `` i told ironhorse i 'd look at some blueprints kimi managed to swipe from somewhere . '' 
 his gaze strayed to the scattered food on the floor , sandwiches and apple slices everywhere , and he bit down a sheepish grin . 
 `` erm , sorry about the mess , princess . 
 and do n't worry about the code , we 'll figure something out . 
 try to get some sleep , okay ? 
 we 'll be right outside . '' 
 he bent down , as if to kiss me , but i could n't meet his eyes and looked away . 
 he paused , then placed a light kiss on my forehead and left , shutting the door behind him . 
 i collapsed to the bed , burying my face in a pillow . 
 what had i done ? 
 i kissed puck , because he was there . 
 because i was scared and lonely for someone else . 
 puck loved me , and i had kissed him for all the wrong reasons . 
 i 'd kissed him thinking of ash . 
 and ... i liked it . 
 guilt gnawed at me . 
 i missed ash , and the longing was ripping my stomach to pieces , but i also wanted puck to come back and kiss me some more . 
 `` i am so screwed up , '' i muttered , flopping back on the bed . 
 the cracks in the ceiling smirked at me , and i groaned . 
 `` what am i going to do ? '' 
 `` hopefully obsess in silence so i can get to sleep , '' grimalkin said without opening his eyes . 
 he flexed his claws , yawned , and burrowed deeper into the pillow . 
 `` perhaps you can work on deciphering the code so that we can retrieve the scepter . 
 i would hate to put in all this work for nothing . '' 
 i glared at him , but he was right . 
 and , maybe it would take my mind off puck for a while . 
 `` i mean , it 's not like i 'm cheating on ash or anything , '' i reasoned , retrieving the crumpled ball of paper and climbing back onto the bed . 
 `` he was the one who dumped me and said to forget about him . 
 we 're over . 
 actually , i 'm not sure we had anything in the first place . '' 
 grimalkin did n't answer . 
 i stared at the code and sighed again , heavily , as the numbers seemed to crawl across the paper like ants . 
 `` i 'm never going to get this , grim , '' i muttered . 
 `` this is hopeless . 
 you 'd have to be a mathematical genius or something . '' 
 grimalkin thumped his tail and shifted around so that his back was to me . 
 `` try looking at the code as a riddle , instead of a mathematical equation , '' he muttered . 
 `` perhaps you are trying too hard to fit it to a formula . 
 the iron fey are still fey , after all , and riddles are in our blood . '' 
 a riddle , huh ? 
 i looked down at the paper again and frowned . 
 i still could n't make heads or tails of the stupid code , no matter how much i looked at it . 
 3 13 1113 3113 132113 1 ... `` grim , i do n't - '' `` read it out loud , human . '' 
 grim sounded annoyed but resigned , as if he knew he was n't going to get any sleep until he helped me . 
 `` if you must make noise , at least try to be useful . '' 
 `` fine , '' i muttered . 
 `` but it 's not going to help . '' 
 grim did n't reply , so i started reading it from the top . 
 `` three . 
 one-three . 
 one-one-one-three . 
 three-one-one-three . '' 
 i stopped , frowning . 
 it sounded different , reading it out loud . 
 i tried the third line again . 
 `` one-one , one-three . '' 
 one 1 . 
 one 3 . 
 i blinked . 
 could it really be that simple ? 
 i ran through the rest of the lines , just to be sure , and my eyes widened as it all clicked into place . 
 `` i. . . 
 i got it ! 
 i think . 
 wait a minute . '' 
 i scanned the paper again . 
 `` yes , that 's right ! 
 it 's not just a number riddle , it 's a language riddle , too ! 
 you were right , grim ! 
 look ! '' 
 i shoved the paper at grimalkin , who continued to ignore me , but i went on anyway . 
 `` each of the lines describes the line before it . 
 the first number is a three , so the second line goes , one 3 . 
 the next line is one 1 , one 3 , and so on . 
 so , if that 's the case , the last line of the riddle , and the answer to the code would have to be ... '' i counted the numbers in my head . 
 `` 1-1-1-3-1-2-2-1-1-3 . '' 
 i felt a thrill of pride and excitement , somehow knowing i was right , and could n't help the huge grin spreading over my face . 
 `` i figured it out , grim ! 
 we can get the scepter after all . '' 
 grimalkin did n't answer . 
 his eyes were closed , and i could n't tell if he was asleep or faking it . 
 i considered tracking down puck and ironhorse to share in my victory , but on reflection i was n't sure i wanted to face puck just then . 
 so i lay on the bed , listening to the brownies scurry back and forth , cleaning up apple slices , while my mind replayed puck 's kiss until the memory was seared into my brain . 
 guilt and excitement assaulted me by turns . 
 one moment , i was ready to drag puck back here to finish what we 'd started , the next , i missed ash so much my chest hurt . 
 i stayed awake , too hyped up to sleep , until a brownie poked his head in to tell me it was dawn and leanansidhe was waiting for me . 
 chapter fifteen operation scepter the woman stared at me over the gold rim of her glasses , lips pursed in a disdainful expression . 
 she wore a black business suit that clung to her body , and her hair was pulled into a tight yet elegant bun , giving her a stern demeanor . 
 her makeup was perfect , and the towering black heels made her seem taller and even more imposing . 
 `` what do you think , darling ? '' 
 leanansidhe asked , sounding pleased . 
 `` the glasses might be a bit much , but we do n't want to take any chances today . '' 
 i stuck out my tongue at the woman , who did the same in the mirror 's reflection . 
 `` it 's perfect , '' i said , amazed . 
 `` i do n't even recognize myself . 
 i look like a lawyer or something . '' 
 `` hopefully enough to get you into scicorp this afternoon , '' leanansidhe murmured , and all the dread and fear i 'd managed to suppress all morning rose up like a black tide . 
 i swallowed hard to keep the nausea down , wishing i had n't eaten that box of powdered doughnuts kimi brought in for breakfast . 
 i would n't look very professional if i puked all over my expensive shoes . 
 puck , kimi , nelson and ironhorse were in the foyer , huddled around a blueprint when we came in , me wobbling behind leanansidhe in my flimsy heels . 
 grimalkin dozed on the top of the piano , his tail brushing the keys , ignoring us all . 
 i saw leanansidhe glance his way and wince , as if imagining scratch marks on the polished wood . 
 puck glanced up at me and smiled . 
 he held out a hand , and i tottered up to him , grabbing his arm for support . 
 my toes throbbed , and i leaned into him , trying to take the weight off my feet . 
 how did women do it , walking around in these things every day without snapping their ankles ? 
 `` how 's that walking thing coming ? '' 
 puck murmured so that only i could hear . 
 `` shut up . '' 
 i smacked his arm . 
 `` i 'm still learning , okay ? 
 this is like walking around on toothpicks . '' 
 he snickered , and i shifted my attention to the map spread out between them . 
 `` what are we looking at ? '' 
 `` the plan , '' kimi answered , standing on tiptoes to bend over the table . 
 `` this is the scicorp entrance , '' the half-phouka continued , pointing to an obscure line near the bottom of the paper . 
 i squinted , but i could n't make it out from all the other lines spread over the blueprint . 
 `` according to warren , '' kimi went on , tracing a finger up to another line , `` the scepter is being held here , between floors twenty-nine and thirty . '' 
 `` i still do n't know how that 's possible , '' i muttered . 
 `` how can a building have a floor between floors ? '' 
 `` the same way i can have a mansion between the mortal world and the nevernever , darling , '' leanansidhe answered , looking at grimalkin as if she really wanted to shoo him off the piano . 
 `` the iron fey have their horrible glamour , just as we have ours . 
 we turn into rabbits , they eat bank accounts . 
 grim , darling , do you have to sleep there ? '' 
 `` you , puck and ironhorse will come in here , '' kimi continued , tapping the bottom of the blueprint . 
 `` past the doors will be the security checkpoint , which will scan your id card . 
 puck and ironhorse will be invisible to mortal eyes , so we do n't have to worry about them being seen . '' 
 `` what if there are iron fey on the first floor ? '' 
 puck asked . 
 `` there are n't , '' kimi replied , glancing at him . 
 `` nelson and i checked it out . 
 if the iron fey are going into the building , they 're not using the front doors . '' 
 that sounded ominous , like the iron fey could have hidden doors or trods we did n't know about , but there was nothing for it now . 
 `` once you 're past the checkpoint , the elevators are here , '' kimi went on , tracing the path with her finger before giving us a grave look . 
 `` and this is where things get dicey . 
 i do n't know how you 're getting up to floor twenty-nine and a half . 
 they might have a certain button only those with sight can see , or there might be a password , or you might have to press buttons in a certain sequence . 
 i have no idea . 
 alternatively , you can take the stairs , here , but that will mean climbing up thirty floors from ground level , with no guarantee there will be an entrance to floor twenty-nine and a half . '' 
 `` we 'll burn that bridge when we come to it , '' puck said , waving it away . 
 `` so , what about the floor with the scepter ? 
 what can we expect ? '' 
 `` wait a minute , '' i warned , putting a hand on his chest . 
 `` this sounds awfully risky . 
 we do n't know if we can even get up to the twenty-ninth floor ? 
 how is this good planning ? '' 
 `` twenty-nine point five , '' puck corrected me . 
 `` and it 's not . 
 good planning , i mean . 
 but , look at it this way . '' 
 he grinned . 
 `` we either go with our gut , or we do n't go at all . 
 not a lot of choices , princess . 
 but , do n't worry . '' 
 he put an arm around my shoulders and squeezed . 
 `` you do n't need a plan . 
 you have the puck with you , remember ? 
 i 'm an expert at this . 
 and i 've never needed an elaborate plan to pull anything off . '' 
 there was a loud clank from the piano , as leanansidhe finally convinced grimalkin to sleep elsewhere . 
 annoyed , the cat had slid from his perch and landed with his full weight on the keys , then leaped to the bench . 
 `` worry not , human , '' the cat sighed , giving himself a thorough shake . 
 `` i am going with you as well . 
 with goodfellow 's exemplary planning , someone has to make sure you go through the right door . '' 
 `` huh . '' 
 puck snorted and glared at the feline . 
 `` that 's awfully helpful of you , cat . 
 what 's in it for you ? '' 
 `` grimalkin and i worked something out , darling , do n't worry about it . '' 
 leanansidhe gave the blueprint a cursory glance over puck 's shoulder before dismissing it with a sniff . 
 `` remember , pets , when you get to the floor where the scepter is being held , you must be prepared for anything . 
 robin , it will be up to you and the iron thing to protect the princess . 
 i 'm quite sure they wo n't have the scepter lying around where anyone can snatch it . 
 there will most likely be guards , wards , nasty things like that . '' 
 `` i will protect the princess with my life , '' ironhorse boomed , making puck grimace and kimi pin back her ears . 
 `` i swear , while i still live and breathe , no harm will befall her . 
 we will retrieve the scepter , or we will die trying . '' 
 `` and personally , i 'd like not to do the dying thing , '' puck added . 
 i was about to agree , when there was a commotion in the hall , and a moment later a human rushed into the room . 
 it was charles , the crazy piano player , looking as wild and panicked as i 'd ever seen , even more than when we 'd faced the redcaps . 
 his anguished brown eyes met mine and he lurched forward , only to be stopped by ironhorse stepping in front of me with a warning growl . 
 `` she ... she 's leaving ? '' 
 charles looked utterly despondent , wringing his hands and biting his bottom lip . 
 `` no no no . 
 ca n't leave again . 
 ca n't disappear . 
 stay . '' 
 `` charles . '' 
 leanansidhe 's voice made the air tremble , and the poor man gave her a terrified look . 
 `` what are you doing here ? 
 go back to your room . '' 
 `` it 's all right , charles , '' i said quickly , as he looked on the verge of tears . 
 `` i 'm not leaving for good . 
 i 'm coming back , do n't worry . '' 
 he stopped wringing his hands , straightened , and looked at me dead on . 
 and for just a moment , i saw him without the crazy light to his eyes . 
 the way he must have been ... before . 
 young . 
 tall . 
 handsome , with laugh lines around his mouth and jaw . 
 a kind yet weary face . 
 one that was vaguely familiar . 
 `` you 'll come back ? '' 
 he murmured . 
 `` promise ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` promise . '' 
 then leanansidhe clapped her hands , the sharp rap making us jump . 
 `` charles , darling , '' she said , and was it my imagination , or did she sound a bit nervous ? 
 `` you heard the girl . 
 she 'll be back . 
 now , why do n't you find the other charles and find something to play tonight ? 
 go on , now . 
 shoo . '' 
 she waved her hand , and charles , with one last look at me , stumbled from the room . 
 i frowned at leanansidhe . 
 `` other charles ? 
 there 's more than one ? '' 
 `` i call them all charles , darling . '' 
 leanansidhe shrugged . 
 `` i 'm horrible with names , as you 've no doubt seen , and human males look virtually the same to me . 
 so they 're all charles , for simplicity 's sake . '' 
 grimalkin sighed and leaped from the bench . 
 `` we are wasting time , '' he announced , bottlebrush tail held straight up as he trotted past . 
 `` if we are going to get this circus started , we should leave now . '' 
 `` good luck , darlings , '' leanansidhe called as we followed grim out of the room . 
 `` when you return , you must tell me all about it . 
 meghan , dove , do n't do anything i would n't do . '' 
 kimi and nelson led the way back to the outside world . 
 we followed them through several rooms , where groups of fey and humans watched us leave , down a red carpeted hallway , then up a long spiral staircase that finally stopped at a trapdoor in the ceiling . 
 the trapdoor was oddly shaped : round , gray and heavy looking . 
 i peered closer and saw that it was the bottom of a manhole cover . 
 when nelson pushed it up to peek through , bright sunlight spilled through the crack , and the smell of asphalt , tar and exhaust fumes assaulted my nose . 
 while the half-troll scanned the road overhead , waiting for a clear spot , kimi turned to me . 
 `` this is as far as we go , i 'm afraid . '' 
 the little half-phouka looked disappointed as she handed me a plastic id card on a string . 
 `` you 're not coming ? '' 
 she gave me an apologetic smile , nodding to puck and ironhorse . 
 `` nah , you have your champions . 
 those two are pure-bloods . 
 they 'll be invisible to humans just by virtue of being fey . 
 nelson and i ca n't work glamour as well , and it would look suspicious if you were seen with a couple of streetrats in tow . 
 do n't worry , though . 
 we 're really close to scicorp , and from here you can take a taxi or something . 
 here . '' 
 she handed me a slip of paper , scrawled on with bright green ink . 
 `` that 's the address you 're looking for . 
 the trod back will be on fourteenth and maple , and you want the second manhole from the left . 
 got it ? '' 
 i nodded , as my stomach fluttered nervously . 
 `` got it . '' 
 `` clear , '' nelson grunted , and shoved the manhole cover out of the way . 
 puck scrambled out first , then pulled me up after him . 
 as ironhorse and grimalkin crawled out , i gazed around the middle of a busy street , a horn blared , and a bright red mustang screeched to a stop a few feet away . 
 `` get out of the road , you crazy bitch ! '' 
 the driver yelled from the window , and i scrambled to the edge of the curb . 
 the driver roared off , oblivious to the massive iron faery who swung a huge fist at the hood , barely missing . 
 `` you ran a light anyway , dickhead ! '' 
 i yelled after him , as puck and ironhorse joined me on the sidewalk . 
 people stared at me , shaking their heads or chuckling under their breath . 
 i scowled , trying to calm my racing heart . 
 they would n't laugh if they could see ironhorse looming over me like a protective bodyguard , glaring at anyone who got too close . 
 `` are you all right ? '' 
 puck asked anxiously , standing so close that his breath tickled my cheek . 
 i nodded , and he kissed the top of my head , making butterflies swarm through my stomach . 
 `` do n't scare me like that , princess . '' 
 `` well , that was amusing . '' 
 grimalkin hopped lightly onto the sidewalk , making a show of taking his sweet time . 
 `` are we quite ready to go , now ? 
 human , you know where we are headed , correct ? '' 
 i looked down at the paper , still clutched in my hand . 
 it trembled only a little . 
 `` you guys okay with taking a taxi ? '' 
 puck made a face . 
 `` now see , anyone else would have a few qualms about riding in a big metal box , but i 've learned to deal . '' 
 he smirked . 
 `` all those years i took the bus with you was good practice . 
 still , keep the windows open , princess . '' 
 we found a pay phone , and i called for a taxi . 
 ten minutes later , a bright yellow cab pulled up , driven by a bearded man chewing a thick cigar . 
 he kept glancing at me in the rearview window and smiling , oblivious to the two faeries pressed on either side of me , one glaring , one hanging his head out the window . 
 i sat squashed between puck and ironhorse , with grim on my lap and both windows rolled down , as we tore through the city streets . 
 the smoke from the cabby 's cigar stung my nose and made my eyes water , and puck looked positively green . 
 at last , we pulled up in front of a gleaming tower , the sunlight reflecting off the mirrored walls as they rose into the sky . 
 i paid the cab fare , and we piled out of the car . 
 as soon as we were free of the cab , puck started coughing . 
 he looked pale and sweaty , and my heart lurched , remembering ash in the wasteland of the iron fey . 
 ironhorse watched him curiously , as though fascinated , and grimalkin sat down to wash his tail . 
 `` ugh , that was unpleasant , '' puck muttered when the harsh explosions finally stopped . 
 he spit on the sidewalk and wiped his mouth with the back of his hand . 
 `` i do n't know what was worse , the cab or the stench coming from the guy 's cigar . '' 
 `` will you be all right ? '' 
 i gave him a worried look , but he just grinned . 
 `` never better , princess . 
 so , here we are . '' 
 he craned his neck , gazing up at the looming expanse of scicorp towers . 
 his eyes gleamed with familiar mischief . 
 `` let 's get this party started . '' 
 my heart behaved itself until we passed through the large glass doors . 
 then it started beating my ribs so forcefully i thought they would break . 
 `` oh , wow , '' i whispered , stopping to gape at the enormous lobby . 
 a great vaulted ceiling soared above us , maybe eight or ten stories , with strange metallic designs dangling from wires , glittering in the sun . 
 people in expensive suits rushed by us , designer shoes clicking over the sterile gray floor . 
 i saw cameras in every corner , armed guards hovering by a turnstile security gate , and i locked my knees together to keep them from shaking . 
 `` steady , princess . '' 
 as i stood there , gawking like an idiot , puck 's firm hands came to rest on my shoulders . 
 `` you can do this . 
 keep your head up , your back straight , and it would n't hurt to sneer at anyone who makes eye contact . '' 
 he squeezed my shoulders and bent close , his breath warm on my ear . 
 `` we 're right behind you . '' 
 i gave my head a jerky bob . 
 puck squeezed my shoulders one last time and released me . 
 raising my chin , i took a deep breath , squared my shoulders and marched toward the security desk . 
 a guard in a slate-gray uniform eyed me with disinterest as i approached , looking the way i felt in algebra class , eyes glazed over and bored . 
 the man in front of me muttered a quick , `` mornin ' , ed , '' before passing his id card under a scanner . 
 the red light blipped to green , and the man swept through the turnstile . 
 my turn . 
 adopting what i hoped was an imperious expression , i sauntered up to the gate . 
 `` good morning , edward , '' i greeted , slipping rosalyn smith 's badge under the flickering red scanner light . 
 the guard bobbed his head with a polite smile , not even looking at me . 
 ha , i thought , triumphant . 
 that was easy . 
 we 're home free . 
 then the scanner let out a shrill warning beep , and my heart stood still . 
 ed stood up , frowning . 
 `` sorry , miss , '' he said , as ice water began creeping up my spine . 
 `` but i 'll have to see your badge . '' 
 puck , grim and ironhorse , already on the other side of the gate , looked back fearfully . 
 i swallowed my terror , wondering if we should abandon the plan now and get the hell out . 
 the guard held out his hand , waiting , and i forced myself to be calm . 
 `` of course . '' 
 thankfully , my voice did n't crack as i looped the badge from my neck and held it out . 
 the guard took it and held it up to his face , squinting his eyes . 
 i felt a dozen gazes on the back of my neck , and crossed my arms , trying to appear bored and irritated . 
 `` sorry , ms. smith . '' 
 ed finally looked up at me . 
 `` but did you know your card expired yesterday ? 
 you 'll have to get a new one before tomorrow . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 relief bloomed through my stomach . 
 maybe i could pull this off after all . 
 `` of course , '' i muttered , trying to sound embarrassed . 
 `` i 've been meaning to renew it , but you know how busy it 's been lately . 
 i just have n't had the time . 
 i 'll take care of it before i leave today . 
 thank you . '' 
 `` no problem , ms. smith . '' 
 ed handed me the badge and tipped his hat . 
 `` you have a good morning . '' 
 he pressed a button and waved me through . 
 i hurried around a corner and collapsed against the wall before i started hyperventilating . 
 `` none of that , princess , '' puck said , pulling me to my feet just as a group of businessmen turned the corner , talking about reports and staff meetings and firing a junior executive . 
 i avoided eye contact as they swept by , but they paid me no attention . 
 `` by the way , you did great back there , '' puck went on as we made our way down the brightly lit corridor . 
 `` i thought you would lose it , but you kept it together . 
 nice job , princess . '' 
 i grinned . 
 `` first hurdle cleared , '' puck continued cheerfully . 
 `` now , all we have to do is find floor twenty-nine point five , grab the scepter , and get out again . 
 we 're halfway home . '' 
 easy for him to say . 
 my heart had gone into overdrive , and a cold sweat was still dripping down the backs of my knees . 
 i was just about to say so , when i noticed we had another problem . 
 `` um , where 's grimalkin ? '' 
 we glanced around hastily , but the cat had disappeared . 
 maybe his faith in the plan had been shaken by the little scene at the gate , or maybe he 'd just decided `` the hell with this , '' and had taken off . 
 it would n't be the first time . 
 `` why would he abandon us ? '' 
 ironhorse questioned , making me wince as his voice echoed down the hall . 
 thank goodness humans could n't hear faeries , either . 
 `` i thought the caith sith had honorable intentions . 
 i would not have pegged him a coward . '' 
 puck snorted . 
 `` you do n't know grimalkin very well , then , '' he commented , but i was n't sure i agreed . 
 grimalkin had always come through for us , even when he disappeared with no explanation . 
 though ironhorse looked stunned , i was n't worried ; grimalkin would most assuredly pop up again when least expected . 
 `` never mind . '' 
 i turned and continued walking . 
 ironhorse still looked confused , almost hurt that an ally could betray him like this . 
 i gave him what i hoped was a reassuring smile . 
 `` it 's okay , ironhorse . 
 grim can take care of himself , and he 'll show up if we need him . 
 we should keep looking for the scepter . '' 
 `` if you say so , princess . '' 
 at the end of the corridor , we came to a pair of elevators . 
 `` floor twenty-nine point five , '' i mused , pressing the up button . 
 a few seconds passed before the doors opened with a ding and two women exited , passing us without a second glance . 
 peeking inside , i scanned the wall but , as i expected , there was no button 29.5 . 
 i stepped over the threshold into the box , ironhorse following at my heels . 
 cheerful orchestra music played at a muted volume over the speakers , and the floor was carpeted in red . 
 puck rushed inside and stood in the middle of the floor , away from the walls , arms crossed tightly to his chest . 
 ironhorse turned and blinked at him . 
 `` are you all right , goodfellow ? '' 
 he asked , his voice nearly bringing tears to my eyes as it echoed within the box . 
 puck gave him a fearsome smile . 
 `` me ? 
 i 'm fine . 
 big metal box in a big metal tube ? 
 not a problem . 
 hurry and get us to the right floor , princess . '' 
 i nodded and unfolded a piece of paper from my suit pocket , holding it up to the light . 
 `` well , here goes nothing , '' i murmured , and started punching in the code on the elevator buttons . 
 1-1-1-3-1-2-2-1-1-3 . 
 the numbers lit up as they were punched , singing out a little tune like the buttons on a cell phone . 
 i hit the last 3 and stepped back , waiting and holding my breath . 
 for a moment , nothing happened . 
 ironhorse 's raspy breathing echoed off the metal walls , filling the box with the smell of smoke . 
 puck coughed and muttered something under his breath . 
 i started to punch the code in again , thinking i 'd pressed a wrong button , when the doors swooshed shut . 
 the lights dimmed , the music ceased , and a large white button shimmered into existence , marked with a bold 29.5 . 
 i shared a glance with my companions , who nodded . 
 `` floor twenty-nine point five , '' i whispered , and hit the button with my thumb . 
 `` going up . '' 
 the elevator stopped , and the doors opened with a cheerful ding . 
 we peered out at a long , brightly lit hallway with numerous doors lining its walls and gray tiles leading to single door at the very end . 
 i knew we were in the right place . 
 i could feel it in the air , a faint buzz , a sharp tingle just below my skin . 
 it made my neck hairs stand on end , and was oddly familiar . 
 glancing at puck and ironhorse , i knew they could feel it , too . 
 we inched down the corridor , puck in front and ironhorse bringing up the rear . 
 around us , our footsteps echoed in the silence . 
 we passed doors without hesitation , knowing they were the wrong ones . 
 i could feel the buzzing getting louder the closer we got to the end of the hall . 
 then , we were at the last door , and puck leaned against it , putting his ear to the wood . 
 i do n't hear anything , he mouthed at us , and pointed to the handle . 
 shall we ? 
 ironhorse nodded , clenching his massive fists . 
 puck reached down and freed his daggers , gesturing to me with a point . 
 biting my lip , i reached out and carefully turned the handle . 
 the door swung forward with a creak , and a waft of frigid air hit me in the face . 
 i shivered , resisting the impulse to rub my arms as my breath clouded the air before me . 
 someone had cranked the ac down to like zero degrees ; the room was a freezer box as we stepped inside . 
 a dozen or so humans in expensive business suits sat around a long , u-shaped table in the center of the floor . 
 from the looks of it , we had interrupted a business meeting , for they all turned and stared at me with various degrees of annoyance and confusion . 
 at the end of the table , a swivel chair sat with its back to us , hiding the speaker or ceo or whoever was in charge . 
 i suddenly remembered all the times i 'd snuck into class late and had to scurry down the aisles to my desk while everyone watched . 
 my face burned , and for a moment , you could hear a pin drop . 
 `` um , sorry , '' i muttered , backing away . 
 the business suits continued to stare at me . 
 `` sorry . 
 wrong room . 
 we 'll just ... go . '' 
 `` oh , why do n't you stick around , my dear . '' 
 the buzzing , high-pitched voice made my skin crawl . 
 at the front of the table , the figure swiveled the chair around to face us , smiling . 
 she wore a neon-green business suit , radioactive-blue lipstick , and bright yellow glasses above a thin , sneering face . 
 her hair , a myriad of computer cables , was bound atop her head in a colorful mockery of a bun . 
 she held the scepter in green-nailed hands , like a queen observing her subjects , and my stomach gave a jolt of recognition . 
 `` virus ! '' 
 ironhorse boomed . 
 `` no need to shout , old man . 
 i 'm right here . '' 
 virus put her heels on the table and regarded us smugly . 
 `` i 've been waiting for you , girl . 
 looking for this , are you ? '' 
 she lifted her arm , and i gasped . 
 the scepter of the seasons pulsed a strange , sickly green light through her fingers . 
 virus bared her teeth in a smile . 
 `` i was expecting the girl and her clown to come sniffing after it , but i never expected the honorable ironhorse to turn on us . 
 tsk-tsk . '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` loyalty is so overrated these days . 
 how the mighty have fallen . '' 
 `` you dare accuse me ? '' 
 ironhorse stalked forward , smoke drifting from his mouth and nostrils . 
 we hurried after him . 
 `` you are the betrayer , who follows the commands of the false king . 
 you are the one who has fallen . '' 
 `` do n't be so melodramatic , '' virus sighed . 
 `` as usual , you have no idea what is really going on . 
 you think i want to follow the wheezings of an obsolete monarch ? 
 i want that even less than you . 
 when he put me in charge of stealing the scepter , i knew that was the last command i would ever follow . 
 poor tertius , believing i was still loyal to his false king . 
 the gullible fool handed me the scepter without a second thought . '' 
 she smiled at us , fierce and terrible . 
 `` now , i have the scepter of the seasons . 
 i have the power . 
 and if the false king wants it , he 'll have to take it from me by force . '' 
 `` i see , '' i said , coming to a stop a few feet from her . 
 around us , the men in business suits continued to stare . 
 `` you want to become the next ruler . 
 you had no intention of giving it to the iron king . '' 
 `` can you blame me ? '' 
 virus swung her feet off the table to smile at me . 
 `` how often have you disobeyed your king because his commands were rubbish ? 
 goodfellow - '' she pointed the scepter at puck '' - how often has the thought of rebelling crossed your mind ? 
 do n't tell me you 've been a faithful little monkey , catering to oberon 's every desire , in all the years you 've known him . '' 
 `` that 's different , '' i said . 
 `` really ? '' 
 virus sneered at me . 
 `` i can tell you , it was n't difficult to convince rowan . 
 that boy 's hatred and jealousy are inspiring . 
 all he needed was a little push , a tiny promise of power , and he betrayed everything he knew . 
 he was the one who told me you were coming for the scepter , you know . '' 
 she snorted . 
 `` of course , the claims of becoming immune to iron are completely false . 
 as if thousands of years of history can be rewritten or erased . 
 iron and technology have been and will always be lethal to the traditional fey . 
 that 's why we 're so inherently superior to you oldbloods . 
 that 's why you 're going to fall so easily after the war . '' 
 ironhorse growled , the furious rumble of an oncoming train . 
 `` i will take that scepter and place the true monarch of the iron fey on the throne , '' he vowed , taking a threatening step forward . 
 `` you will give it to me now , traitor . 
 your human puppets will not be enough to protect you . '' 
 `` ah ah ah . '' 
 virus waggled a finger at him . 
 `` not so fast . 
 i did n't want my drones up here because they are delicate and rather squishy , but i 'm not quite so stupid as to be unguarded . '' 
 she smiled and gazed around the table . 
 `` all right , gentlemen . 
 meeting adjourned . '' 
 at that , all the humans sitting at the tables stood , shedding glamour like discarded jackets , filling the air with fraying strands of illusion . 
 human facades dropped away , to reveal a dozen faeries in spiky black armor , their faces sickly and pale beneath their helms . 
 as one , the thornguards drew their serrated black swords and pointed them at us , trapping us in a ring of faery steel . 
 my stomach twisted violently , wanting to crawl up my throat and make a break for the door . 
 i heard puck 's exhalation of breath and ironhorse 's dismayed snort as he pressed closer to me . 
 virus snickered , leaning back in her chair . 
 `` i 'm afraid you 've walked nose first into a trap , m ` dears , '' she gloated as we tensed , ready to run or fight . 
 `` oh , but you do n't want to rush off now . 
 i have one last little surprise for you . '' 
 she giggled and snapped her fingers . 
 the door behind her creaked , and a dark figure stepped into the room , coming to stand behind the chair . 
 this time , my heart dropped to my toes and stayed there . 
 `` i 'm sure you four know each other , '' virus said , as my world shrank down to a narrow tunnel , blocking everything else out . 
 `` my greatest creation so far , i think . 
 it took six thornguards and nearly two dozen drones to bring him down , but it was so worth it . 
 ironic , is n't it ? 
 he nearly got away with the scepter the first time , and now he 'll do anything to keep it here . '' 
 no , my mind whispered . 
 this is n't happening . 
 no no no no no . 
 `` ash , '' virus purred as the figure came into the light , `` say hello to our guests . '' 
 chapter sixteen traitor i stared at ash in a daze , torn between relief that he was alive and an acute , sickening despair . 
 this could n't be real , what was happening . 
 i had stepped into a nightmare world , where everything i loved was twisted into something monstrous and horrible . 
 my legs felt weak , and i had to lean against puck or i would 've fallen . 
 ironhorse snorted . 
 `` an illusion , '' he mocked , staring at ash in contempt . 
 `` a simple glamour , nothing more . 
 i have seen what happens to the oldbloods you implant with your foul bugs . 
 they go mad , and then they die . 
 that is not the winter prince , any more than these guards . '' 
 `` you think ? '' 
 virus 's grin was frighteningly smug . 
 `` well , if you 're so sure , old man , you 're welcome to try to stop him . 
 it should be easy to defeat one simple guard , although i think you 'll find the task harder than you ever expected . '' 
 she turned a purely sadistic smile on me . 
 `` the princess knows , do n't you , my dear ? '' 
 ironhorse turned , a question in his eyes , but i could n't take my gaze off virus 's bodyguard . 
 `` it 's not an illusion , '' i whispered . 
 `` it really is him . '' 
 the way my heart fluttered around my chest proved this was real . 
 i stepped forward , ignoring the bristling thornguard weapons , and the prince 's gaze sharpened , cutting me like a knife . 
 `` ash , '' i whispered , `` it 's me . 
 are you hurt ? 
 say something . '' 
 ash regarded me blankly , no glint of recognition in his silver eyes : no anger , sorrow , nothing . 
 `` all of you , '' he said in a quiet voice , `` will die . '' 
 shock and horror lanced through me , holding me immobile . 
 virus giggled her hateful , buzzing laugh . 
 `` it 's no use , '' she taunted . 
 `` he hears you , he even recognizes you , but he remembers nothing of his old life . 
 he 's been completely reprogrammed , thanks to my bug . 
 and now , he listens only to me . '' 
 i looked closer , and my heart twisted even more . 
 in the shadows of the room , the prince 's face was ashen , the skin pulled so tight across his bones it had split in places , showing open wounds beneath . 
 his cheeks were hollow , and his eyes , though blank and empty , were bright with unspoken pain . 
 i recognized that look ; it was the same look edgebriar had turned on us in the cave , teetering on the edge of madness . 
 `` it 's killing him , '' i whispered . 
 `` well , only a little . '' 
 `` stop it , '' i hissed , and virus arched a sardonic eyebrow . 
 my heart pounded , but i set my jaw and plunged on . 
 `` please , '' i begged , stepping forward . 
 `` let him go . 
 let me take his place . 
 i 'll sign a contract , make a bargain , anything , if that 's what you want . 
 but take the bug out of his head and let him go . '' 
 `` meghan ! '' 
 puck snapped , and ironhorse stared at me in horror . 
 i did n't care . 
 i could n't let ash fade away into nothing , as if he had never existed at all . 
 i imagined myself in a field of white flowers , watching a ghostly ash and ariella dance together in the moonlight , together at last . 
 except it would be a lie . 
 ash would n't be with his true love , even in death . 
 he would n't be anything . 
 virus chuckled . 
 `` such devotion , '' she murmured , rising from the chair . 
 `` i 'm terribly moved . 
 come here , ash . '' 
 ash immediately stepped up beside her , and virus laid a hand on his chest . 
 `` you should congratulate me , '' virus continued , regarding the prince like a student with a winning science project . 
 `` i 've finally discovered a way to implant my bugs in the fey system without killing them outright , or driving them mad within the first few hours . 
 instead of rewriting his brain - '' she stroked ash 's hair , and i clenched my shaking fists , fighting the urge to leap across the table and rip out her eyes '' - i had it take over his cervical nervous system , here . '' 
 her fingers dropped to the base of his skull , caressing it . 
 `` you 're welcome to try to carve it out , i suppose , but i 'm afraid that will be quite fatal for him . 
 only i can order my bugs to willingly release their hosts . 
 as for your offer ... '' she threw me an indulgent smile . 
 `` you have only one thing i want , and i will take that from you momentarily . 
 no , i find that i prefer my bodyguard as he is , for however long he has left . '' 
 my heart pounded . 
 he was so close . 
 i could reach over the table , grab his hand and pull him to safety . 
 `` ash ! '' 
 i cried , holding out my hand . 
 `` jump , now ! 
 come on , you can fight it . 
 please ... '' my voice dropped to a whisper . 
 `` do n't do this . 
 do n't make us fight you ... '' ash gazed straight ahead , not moving a muscle , and a sob tore free from my throat . 
 i could n't reach him . 
 ash was lost to us . 
 the cold stranger across the table had taken his place . 
 `` well . '' 
 virus took a step back . 
 `` this has grown tiresome . 
 i think it 's time i took what i want from you , my dear . 
 ash . '' 
 she placed a hand on his shoulder . 
 `` kill the princess . 
 kill them all . '' 
 with a flash of blue light , ash drew his sword and slashed it across the table . 
 it happened so quickly , i did n't even have time to scream before the icy blade streaked down at my face . 
 puck lunged in front of me and caught the blade with his own , deflecting it with a screech and a flurry of sparks . 
 i stumbled back and puck grabbed my wrist , dragging me away even as i protested . 
 `` retreat ! '' 
 he yelled as the thornguards leaped across the tables with a roar . 
 i looked back and saw ash jump gracefully onto the table , his terrible blank gaze fastened on me . 
 `` ironhorse , fall back , there are too many of them ! '' 
 with a bellow and a blast of flame , ironhorse reared up into his true form , breathing fire and lashing out with his hooves . 
 the guards fell back in shock and ironhorse charged , knocking several aside and clearing a path to the door . 
 as the huge iron fey thundered past , puck shoved me toward the exit . 
 `` go ! '' 
 he shouted , and whirled to block ash 's sword , slicing down at his back . 
 `` ash , stop this ! '' 
 i cried , but the winter prince paid me no attention . 
 as the thornguards closed on us again , puck snarled a curse and threw a fuzzy black ball into their midst . 
 it burst into a maddened grizzly , which reared up with a booming roar , startling everything in the room . 
 as the thornguards and ash turned toward this new threat , puck grabbed my hand and yanked me out of the room . 
 `` been saving that , just in case , '' he panted , as ironhorse snorted with appreciation . 
 `` now let 's get out of here . '' 
 we ran for the elevator . 
 the hallway seemed longer now , the steel doors deliberately keeping their distance . 
 i looked back once and saw ash stalking toward us , his sword radiating blue light through the corridor . 
 the icy calm on his face sent a bolt of raw fear through me , and i wrenched my eyes from him . 
 ahead of us , the elevator dinged . 
 a second later , the doors slid open , and a squadron of thornguards stepped into the hall . 
 `` oh , you got ta be kidding me , '' puck exclaimed as we skidded to a halt . 
 as one , the knights drew their swords and marched forward in unison , filling the corridor with the ring of their boots . 
 i looked behind us . 
 ash was advancing steadily as well , his eyes glassy and terrifying . 
 a click echoed through the hall and miraculously , one of the side doors swung open . 
 `` how predictable , '' grimalkin sighed , appearing in the doorway . 
 we gaped at him , and he regarded us with amusement . 
 `` i thought you might need a second way out . 
 why is it always up to me to think of these things ? '' 
 `` i would kiss you , cat , '' puck said as we crowded through the doorway , `` if we were n't in such a hurry . 
 also , the hairballs could be unpleasant . '' 
 i slammed the door and leaned against it , gasping as we took in our newest surroundings . 
 a vast white room stretched before us , filled with hundreds upon hundreds of cubicles , creating a labyrinth of aisles . 
 a low hum vibrated in the air , accompanied by the rhythmic sound of tapping keys . 
 humans sat at desks within each cubicle , dressed in identical white shirts and gray pants , staring glassy-eyed at the monitors as they typed away . 
 `` whoa , '' puck muttered , looking around . 
 `` cubicle hell . '' 
 simultaneously , the tapping stopped . 
 chairs shifted and groaned as every single human in the room stood up and , as one , turned in our direction . 
 and , as one , they opened their mouths and spoke . 
 `` we see you , meghan chase . 
 you will not escape . '' 
 if i had n't been filled with a hollow , bone-numbing despair , i would 've been terrified . 
 puck cursed and pulled out his dagger just as a boom shook the door behind us . 
 `` looks like we 're going straight through , '' he muttered , narrowing his eyes . 
 `` grimalkin , get moving ! 
 rusty , clear us a path ! '' 
 grimalkin bounded into the maze , dodging feet and weaving through legs as the hordes of zombie-drones shuffled toward us . 
 ironhorse pawed the tile , put his head down and charged with a roar . 
 drones flung themselves at him , punching and clawing , but they bounced off or were thrown aside as the angry iron fey stampeded through the hall . 
 puck and i followed in his wake , leaping over downed bodies , dodging the hands that grabbed for us . 
 someone latched on to my ankle once , but i let out a shriek and kicked him in the face , knocking him back . 
 he fell away clutching my shoe , and i quickly shook the other off , running barefoot through the hall . 
 the maze of aisles and cubicles seemed to go on forever . 
 i glanced over my shoulder and saw the mob of zombie heads bobbing above the cubicle walls , following us . 
 `` dammit , '' puck snarled , following my gaze , `` they 're coming fast . 
 how much farther , cat ? '' 
 `` here , '' grimalkin said , darting around a cubicle . 
 the room finally ended with a stark white wall and a door in the corner , marked with an exit sign . 
 `` the emergency stairs , '' he explained as we rushed forward in relief . 
 `` this will take us to the street level . 
 hurry ! '' 
 as we charged the door , ash stepped out of an aisle next to us , appearing from nowhere . 
 there was no time to think or scream a warning . 
 i threw myself to the side , hitting the wall with a jolt that knocked the wind from my lungs . 
 time seemed to slow . 
 puck and ironhorse bellowed something from far away . 
 a blinding stab of pain shot up my arm . 
 when i grabbed for it , my palm came away slick and wet . 
 for a second , i stared at my fingers , not understanding . 
 what happened ? 
 did ash ... do this ? 
 ash cut me ? 
 stunned , i looked up into the glassy eyes of the unseelie prince , his sword raised for the killing blow . 
 for just a moment , he hesitated . 
 i saw the sword waver as his arm trembled , a flicker of torment crossing his face . 
 just a moment , before the blade came flashing down , but it was enough time for ironhorse to lunge between us , shoving ash away . 
 i heard the hideous screech of metal as the blade ripped into ironhorse 's side and he staggered , almost going to his knees . 
 then puck was pulling me to my feet , yelling at ironhorse to get moving , and i was being dragged through the door , screaming at puck to let me go . 
 ironhorse lurched to his feet and followed , dripping a thick black substance behind him , his wheezing breaths echoing down the stairwell . 
 as we escaped scicorp and fled into the streets , the last thing i remembered was watching the door close behind me on the stairs and seeing ash 's face through the window , a single tear frozen on his cheek . 
 part three chapter seventeen choices in my dream , he was kneeling in the dead grass beneath a great iron tree , head bent , dark hair hiding his face . 
 around us , a swirling gray fog blanketed everything beyond a few feet , but i could sense another presence here , a cold , hostile being , watching me with cruel intelligence . 
 i tried to ignore it as i approached the figure beneath the tree . 
 he was shirtless , his pale skin covered in tiny red wounds , like punctures , down his spine and across his shoulders . 
 i blinked . 
 for a moment , i could see the glistening strings of wire sunk into his body , coiling up and vanishing into the fog . 
 i quickened my pace , but with every step i took , the body under the tree moved farther away . 
 i started to run , stumbling and panting , but the fog was drawing him back into its possessive embrace , claiming him for its own . 
 desperately , i called to him . 
 he raised his head , and the look on his face was beyond despair . 
 it was utter defeat , hopelessness and pain . 
 his lips moved wordlessly , then the fog coiled around him and he was lost . 
 i stood there shivering as the mist grew dark , and the other presence hovered at the edge of my consciousness . 
 as the dream faded and i sank into oblivion , i could still see his final words , mouthed to me in desperation , and they chilled me like nothing else . 
 kill me . 
 consciousness returned slowly . 
 i clawed myself up from sleep , feeling dizzy and confused as the world came into focus . 
 thankfully , i recognized my surroundings almost immediately . 
 leanansidhe 's mansion : the foyer , if the huge fireplace was any indication . 
 i lay on one of her comfortable sofas , dressed in slacks and a loose-collared shirt . 
 someone had taken off the slinky business suit , and of course i 'd left my heels back in scicorp . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 i murmured , struggling to sit up . 
 a blinding flare of pain stabbed up my arm and shoulder , and i gasped . 
 `` easy , princess . '' 
 suddenly puck was there , pushing me back down . 
 `` you lost a nice amount of blood-it made you woozy . 
 you passed out on our way here . 
 just sit still for a minute . '' 
 i looked at the thick gauze wrapped around my arm and shoulder , a faint pink stain coming through the bandage . 
 it had n't even hurt until now . 
 a knot tightened in my stomach as hazy memories pushed their way to the surface . 
 my throat closed up , and i suddenly felt like crying . 
 pushing those feelings away , i took a shaky breath and focused on the present . 
 `` where 's ironhorse ? '' 
 i demanded . 
 `` and grim ? 
 did everyone get out okay ? '' 
 `` i am fine , princess . '' 
 ironhorse , back in his more human form , peered over the couch at me . 
 `` a little less than when we started , but i will live . 
 my only regret is that i could not protect you fully . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 the door opened and leanansidhe entered the room , followed by grim and two brownies bearing a tray with mugs . 
 `` i would have a few more regrets than that , darling . 
 meghan , dove , try to drink this . 
 it should help . '' 
 i struggled to sit up , gritting my teeth against the pain . 
 puck knelt beside the couch and eased me into a sitting position , then handed me the mug the brownies offered . 
 the hot liquid smelled strongly of herbs , making my eyes water . 
 i took a cautious sip , made a face , and swallowed it down . 
 `` kimi and nelson ? '' 
 i asked , forcing down more of the stuff . 
 gah , it was like drinking potpourri in hot water , but i could feel it working as it slid down my throat-a warm drowsiness stealing through my system . 
 `` are they here , too ? '' 
 leanansidhe swept around the couch , trailing smoke from her cigarette holder . 
 `` have n't checked in yet , darling , but i 'm sure they 're fine . 
 they 're smart kids . '' 
 with a flourish , she sat in the opposite chair and crossed her legs , watching me over her cigarette . 
 `` so , before that kicks in , dove , why do n't you tell me what happened in there ? 
 grimalkin told me some of it , but he was n't there for the whole operation , and i ca n't get a cohesive story from this pair - '' she waved her cigarette at ironhorse and puck '' - because they 're too busy worrying over you . 
 why could n't you get the scepter , darling ? 
 what happened in scicorp ? '' 
 the memories flooded in , and the despair i 'd been hiding from descended like a heavy blanket . 
 `` ash , '' i whispered , feeling tears prick my eyes . 
 `` it was ash . 
 she has him . '' 
 `` the prince ? '' 
 `` virus has him , '' i continued in a daze . 
 `` she put one of her mind-control bugs inside him , and he attacked us . 
 he tried ... tried to kill us . '' 
 `` he 's the one guarding the scepter , '' puck added , collapsing in a chair . 
 `` him and about two dozen nasty thornguards , and a whole building of virus 's little human drones . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` i 've fought ash before , but not like this . 
 whenever we dueled , there was always a small part of him , deep down , that was n't serious . 
 i know his royal iciness , and i knew he really did n't want to kill me , no matter how much he boasted otherwise . 
 that 's why our little feud has lasted so long . '' 
 puck snorted and crossed his arms , looking grave . 
 `` the thing i fought today was n't the frosty ice prince we all know and love . 
 there 's nothing there anymore . 
 no anger , no hate , no fear . 
 he 's more dangerous now than he ever was before , because he does n't care if he lives or dies . '' 
 silence fell . 
 all i could hear was the faint sound of grimalkin sharpening his claws on the sofa . 
 i wanted to lie down and cry , but the herbs were kicking in , and my depression was giving way to a numbing exhaustion . 
 `` so , '' leanansidhe ventured at last , `` what will you do now ? '' 
 i stirred , fighting the drowsiness . 
 `` we go back , '' i murmured , looking at puck and ironhorse , hoping they would back me up . 
 `` we have to . 
 we have to get the scepter and stop the war . 
 there 's no other way around it . '' 
 both nodded gravely , and i relaxed , grateful and relieved that they would follow me on this . 
 `` at least we know what we 're up against now , '' i continued , grabbing for a faint ray of hope . 
 `` we might have a better chance the second time around . '' 
 `` and the winter prince ? '' 
 leanansidhe asked softly . 
 `` what will you do with him ? '' 
 i glanced at her sharply , about to tell her that we would save ash and i did n't like what she was implying , but puck beat me to it . 
 `` we have to kill him . '' 
 the world screeched to a halt . 
 slowly , i turned my head to stare at puck , unable to believe what i just heard . 
 `` how could you ? '' 
 i whispered . 
 `` he was your friend . 
 you fought side by side . 
 and now you want to cut him down like it was nothing ! '' 
 `` you saw what he did . '' 
 puck met my eyes , beseeching . 
 `` you saw what he is now . 
 i do n't think i can fight him without holding back . 
 if he attacks you again - '' `` you do n't want to save him , '' i accused , leaning forward . 
 my arm throbbed , but i was too angry to care . 
 `` you do n't even want to try ! 
 you 're jealous , and you 've always wanted him out of the way ! '' 
 `` i never said that ! '' 
 `` you do n't have to ! 
 i can see it on your face ! '' 
 `` he 's dying , princess . '' 
 words froze in my throat . 
 i stared at ironhorse , silently pleading with him to be wrong . 
 he gazed back with a sorrowful expression . 
 `` no . '' 
 i shook my head , fighting the persistent tears that stung my eyes . 
 `` i wo n't believe that . 
 there has to be a way to save him . '' 
 `` i am sorry , princess . '' 
 ironhorse bowed his head . 
 `` i know your feelings for the winter prince , and i wish i could give you better news . 
 but there is no way to forcefully remove the bugs once they have been implanted . 
 not without killing the host . '' 
 he sighed , and his tone softened , though the volume did not . 
 `` goodfellow is right . 
 the winter prince is far too dangerous . 
 if he attacks again , we can not hold back . '' 
 `` what about virus ? '' 
 i pressed , unwilling to give up . 
 `` she 's the one controlling the bugs . 
 if we take her out , maybe her hold on him will - '' `` even if that were the case , '' puck interrupted , `` the bug would still be inside him . 
 and with no way to get it out , he 'll either go mad , or be in so much torment that he would be better off dead . 
 ash is strong , princess , but that thing inside him is killing him . 
 you saw it , you heard what virus said . '' 
 his brow furrowed , and his voice went very soft . 
 `` i do n't think he has much time left . '' 
 the tears pressing behind my eyes finally spilled over , and i buried my face in the pillow , biting the fabric to keep from screaming . 
 god , it was n't fair ! 
 what did they want from me ? 
 had n't i given enough already ? 
 i 'd sacrificed everything-family , home , a normal life-for the stupid greater good . 
 i had worked so hard ; i was trying to be brave and mature about everything , but now i had to watch while the thing i loved most was killed in front of me ? 
 i could n't . 
 even if it was impossible , even if ash killed me himself , i would still try to save him . 
 the room had grown very quiet . 
 i peeked up and saw that everyone except puck had left , slipping from the room to let me come to terms with myself , and the decision looming over my head , in peace . 
 seeing me glance up , puck tried catching my gaze . 
 `` meghan ... '' i turned away , pressing my face into the cushions . 
 anger and resentment boiled ; puck was the last person i wanted to see , much less talk to . 
 right now , i hated him . 
 `` go away , puck . '' 
 he sighed and rose from the chair , coming to perch on the sofa next to me . 
 `` well , you know that never works . '' 
 the silence stretched between us . 
 i sensed that puck wanted to say something but could n't seem to find the right words . 
 which was odd ; i 'd never known him to hesitate about anything . 
 `` i wo n't let you kill him , '' i finally muttered after a few minutes of quiet . 
 there was a lengthy pause before he answered . 
 `` would you ask me to watch you die ? '' 
 he murmured slowly . 
 `` stand by while he puts a sword through your heart ? 
 or , maybe you want me to die instead . 
 you could just tell me to stand still while ash chops off my head . 
 would that make you happy , princess ? '' 
 `` do n't be stupid ! '' 
 i bit my lip in frustration and sat up , wincing as the room spun for a moment . 
 `` i do n't want anyone to die . 
 but i ca n't lose him , puck . '' 
 my anger abruptly drained away , leaving only a hollow despair . 
 `` i ca n't lose you , either . '' 
 puck put his arms around me and pulled me close , gently so as to not jolt my wounded arm . 
 i laid my head on his chest and closed my eyes , wishing i were normal , that i did n't have to make these impossible decisions , that everything would be all right again . 
 if wishes were horses ... `` what do want me to do , princess ? '' 
 puck whispered into my hair . 
 `` if there 's any way we can save him ... '' he nodded . 
 `` i 'll try very hard not to kill his royal iciness if we meet again . 
 believe it or not , princess , i do n't want ash dead , any more than you do . '' 
 he sniffed . 
 `` well , maybe a little more than you . 
 but ... '' and he pulled back to look me in the eye . 
 `` if he puts you in danger , i wo n't hold back . 
 that 's my promise . 
 i wo n't risk losing you , either , understand ? '' 
 `` yeah , '' i whispered , closing my eyes . 
 that was all i could ask . 
 i 'll save you , i thought , as drowsiness stole over me and my mind drifted . 
 no matter what , i 'll find a way to bring you back . 
 i promise . 
 i was nearly asleep , surrendering to the exhaustion stealing all my coherent thoughts , when a slamming door jerked me awake and puck 's arms tightened around me . 
 `` meghan chase . '' 
 kimi 's voice cut across the room , clipped , flat and mechanical . 
 i looked up and my stomach dropped away . 
 kimi and nelson stood beside the door like soldiers at attention , a posture so strange for both of them that i did n't recognize them at first . 
 as one , their heads turned , and they gave me an empty stare . 
 the same look ash had turned on me back in scicorp . 
 `` oh , no , '' i whispered . 
 puck went stiff with shock . 
 `` our mistress has a message for you , meghan chase . '' 
 kimi took a short step forward , moving like a robot . '' 
 ` congratulations for breaking into scicorp and , more impressive , breaking out again . 
 you have my admiration . 
 unfortunately , i can not have you running amok , making plans to return for the scepter , as i know you will . 
 i 'll be moving it tonight to a safer location . 
 if you come back to scicorp , i 'm afraid you 'll find it quite empty . 
 oh , and by the way , i 'm also sending ash to kill your family . 
 they 're in louisiana , right ? ' '' 
 i sucked in a breath , and the blood drained from my face . 
 kimi 's expression did n't change , but her voice turned mocking . '' 
 ` so you have a choice now , my dear . 
 come back for the scepter , or run home and try to stop ash . 
 you 'd better hurry . 
 he 's probably halfway to the bayou by now . '' 
 ` one more thing ! ' '' 
 she added as i leaped to my feet , drowsiness forgotten . 
 heart pounding , i glared at her . 
 robot kimi gave me an empty smile . '' ' 
 i want you to remember , this is not a game , meghan chase . 
 if you think you can waltz into my lair and try to take what is mine without repercussions , you 'd best think again . 
 people will get hurt because of you . ' '' 
 kimi stepped forward and narrowed her eyes . '' 
 ` do not screw with me , child . 
 let this be a little reminder of what can happen when you play with the big girls . ' '' 
 kimi spasmed , spine arching back , mouth open in a silent scream as she twitched and thrashed . 
 a moment later , nelson did the same , limbs jerking wildly , before they both collapsed to the floor . 
 puck was beside kimi instantly , rolling her over . 
 the little half-phouka 's eyes were open , gazing sightlessly at the ceiling , and she did n't move a muscle . 
 i bit my lip , my heart pounding . 
 `` are they ... dead ? '' 
 he paused a moment before rising to his feet . 
 `` no . 
 at least , i do n't think so . 
 they 're still breathing , but ... '' he frowned , squinting at kimi 's slack expression . 
 `` i think their brains have short-circuited . 
 or the bugs are keeping them in some sort of coma . '' 
 he shook his head , looking up at me . 
 `` sorry , princess . 
 i ca n't do anything for them . '' 
 `` of course you ca n't , darling . '' 
 leanansidhe breezed through the doorway , her face a porcelain mask , eyes glowing green . 
 `` fortunately , i know a mortal doctor who might be able to help . 
 if he can not revive the streetrats , then there is no hope for them . '' 
 she turned to me , and i tried not to cringe under that unearthly gaze . 
 `` you are leaving , i presume ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` ash is out there , '' i said . 
 `` he 's going after my family . 
 i have to stop him . '' 
 i narrowed my eyes , staring her down . 
 `` do n't try to keep me here . '' 
 she sighed . 
 `` i could , darling , but then you would be a complete mess and of no use to us . 
 if there is one thing i 've learned about humans , it 's that they become absolutely unreasonable when it comes to family . '' 
 she sniffed and waved her hand . 
 `` so go , darling . 
 rescue your mother and father and brother and get it over with . 
 my door will still be open when you come back . 
 if we 're still alive , that is . '' 
 `` princess ! '' 
 ironhorse bashed the door open , skidding to a halt in the middle of the room , breathing hard . 
 `` are you hurt ? 
 what has happened ? '' 
 i gazed around for my sneakers , wincing as a bright talon of pain clawed up my arm . 
 `` virus sent ash to kill my family , '' i said , dropping to my knees to peer under the couch . 
 `` i 'm going to stop him . '' 
 `` what about the scepter ? '' 
 he continued , as i pulled out my sneakers and stuffed my feet into them , gritting my teeth as my arm throbbed with every movement . 
 `` we must retrieve it before virus has it moved . 
 she is vulnurable now and will not be expecting us . 
 now is the time to attack . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 i felt pulled in several directions at once , and tried to stay calm . 
 `` i 'm sorry , ironhorse . 
 i know we have to get the scepter , but my family comes first . 
 always . 
 i do n't expect you to understand . '' 
 `` very well , '' ironhorse said , surprising me . 
 `` then i will come with you . '' 
 startled , i looked up at him , but before i could reply , grimalkin interrupted me . 
 `` a quaint idea , '' the cat mused , leaping onto the table , `` and exactly what virus is hoping for . 
 we must have scared her quite a bit for her to react so dramatically . 
 if we abandon the mission now , we might never find her again . '' 
 `` he 's right . '' 
 i nodded , ignoring ironhorse 's scowl . 
 `` we have to split up . 
 ironhorse , you stay here with grim . 
 keep looking for the scepter and virus . 
 puck and i will go after ash . 
 we 'll be back as soon as we can . '' 
 `` i do not like leaving you alone , princess . '' 
 ironhorse raised his head in a proud , stubborn manner . 
 `` i swore i would protect you . '' 
 `` while we were looking for the scepter , you did . 
 but this is different . '' 
 i stood up and met his burning red eyes . 
 `` this is personal , ironhorse . 
 and your mission has always been the scepter . 
 i want you to stay behind with grim . 
 keep looking for virus . '' 
 he opened his mouth to argue , and i spit out the last words . 
 `` that 's an order . '' 
 he blew smoke from his nostrils like a furious bull and turned away . 
 `` as you wish , princess . '' 
 his voice was stiff , but there was no time to dwell on feelings of guilt . 
 i turned to puck . 
 `` we have to get to louisiana fast . 
 how do we get out of here ? '' 
 he glanced at leanansidhe . 
 `` do n't suppose you have any trods to louisiana from here , do you , lea ? '' 
 `` there 's one to new orleans , '' leanansidhe replied , looking thoughtful . 
 `` i just adore mardi gras , darling , though mab tends to hog the spotlight every year . 
 typical of her . '' 
 `` that 's too far away . '' 
 i took a deep breath , feeling time slip away from me . 
 `` is n't there a trod that 's closer ? 
 i need to get home now . '' 
 `` the briars . '' 
 puck snapped his fingers . 
 `` we can go through the briars . 
 that will take us there quickly . '' 
 leanansidhe blinked . 
 `` what makes you think there is a trod to the girl 's house through the briars , dove ? '' 
 puck snorted . 
 `` lea , i know you . 
 you ca n't stand to be out of the loop , remember ? 
 you must have a trod that goes to meghan 's house from the briars , even though you ca n't use it . 
 i know you 'd want keep an eye on oberon 's daughter . 
 what kind of gossip would you miss out on , otherwise ? '' 
 leanansidhe pursed her lips as if she 'd swallowed something sour . 
 `` you caught me there , darling . 
 though you do n't hesitate to rub salt in the wound , do you ? 
 i suppose i can let you use that trod , but you owe me a favor later , darling . '' 
 leanansidhe sniffed and puffed her cigarette . 
 `` i feel i should charge something for letting you in on my greatest secret . 
 especially since i have no interest in the girl 's family . 
 such a boring lot , except the little boy-he has potential . '' 
 `` done , '' i said . 
 `` you have your favor . 
 at least from me . 
 now , will you let us use it or not ? '' 
 leanansidhe snapped her fingers , and skrae the piskie fluttered down from the ceiling . 
 `` take them to the basement trod , '' she ordered , `` and guide them to the right door . 
 go . '' 
 skrae bobbed once and zipped to my shoulder , hiding in my hair . 
 `` i will continue to have my spies monitor scicorp , '' leanansidhe said . 
 `` see if they can discern where virus is moving it to . 
 you should get going , darling . '' 
 i straightened and glanced at puck , who nodded . 
 `` all right , let 's go . 
 grim , keep an eye on ironhorse , would you ? 
 make sure he does n't go charging the army by himself . 
 we 'll be back soon . '' 
 i shook my hair , dislodging the piskie huddled against my neck . 
 `` all right , skrae , take us out of here . '' 
 chapter eighteen close to ice our trip back through the briars was less exciting than our trip in . 
 we saw no dragons , spiders or killer-wasp fey , though truthfully i could 've wandered straight into their hive without noticing . 
 my mind was consumed with ash and my family . 
 would he really ... kill them ? 
 cut them down in cold blood , invisible and unheard ? 
 what would i do then ? 
 i pressed a palm to my face , trying in vain to stop the tears . 
 i would kill him . 
 if he hurt ethan or mom in any way , i would put a knife through his heart myself , even if i was sobbing my eyes out while i did it . 
 even if i still loved him more than life itself . 
 sick with worry , fighting the despair that threatened to drown me , i did n't see puck stop until i ran into him , and he steadied me without a word . 
 we had reached the end of the tunnel , where a simple wooden door waited in the thorns a few feet away . 
 even in the tangled darkness of the briars , i recognized it . 
 this was the gate that had led me into faery , all those months ago . 
 this was where it all began , at ethan 's closet door . 
 ahead of us , skrae gave a last buzz and flew back down the tunnel , back to leanansidhe to give his report , i assumed . 
 there was no going back for me . 
 i reached for the door handle . 
 `` wait , '' puck ordered . 
 i turned back , impatient and annoyed , when i saw the grim severity in his eyes . 
 `` are you ready for this , princess ? '' 
 he asked softly . 
 `` whatever lies beyond that door is n't ash any longer . 
 if we 're going to save your family , we ca n't hold back now . 
 we might have to - '' `` i know , '' i interrupted , not wanting to hear it . 
 my chest tightened , and my eyes started to tear , but i dashed them away . 
 `` i know . 
 let 's ... let 's just do this , all right ? 
 i 'll figure something out when i see him . '' 
 and before puck could say anything else , i wrenched the door open and walked through . 
 the cold hit me immediately , taking my breath away . 
 it hung in the air as i shivered , gazing around in horror , my stomach twisting so painfully that i felt nauseous . 
 ethan 's bedroom was completely encased in ice . 
 the walls , the dresser , the bookshelf ; all covered in a layer of crystal nearly two inches thick , but so clear so i could see everything trapped within . 
 outside the window , a cold , clear night shone through the glass , the moonlight sparkling lifelessly off the ice . 
 `` oh , man , '' i heard puck whisper behind me . 
 `` where 's ethan ? '' 
 i gasped , rushing to his bed . 
 the horrific vision of him trapped in ice , unable to breathe , made me virtually ill , and i nearly threw up at the thought . 
 but ethan 's bed was empty , the quilts flat and still beneath the frozen layer . 
 `` where is he ? '' 
 i whispered , near panic . 
 then i heard a faint noise from beneath the bed , a soft , breathy whimper . 
 dropping to my knees , i peered into the crack , wary of monsters and bogeys and the things that lurked under the bed . 
 a small , shivering lump stirred in the far corner , and a pale face looked up at mine . 
 `` meggie ? '' 
 `` ethan ! '' 
 relieved beyond words , i reached under the bed and pulled him out , hugging him close . 
 he was so cold ; he clung to me with frozen hands , his four-year-old body shaking like a leaf . 
 `` you c-came back , '' he whispered , as puck crossed the room and shut the door without a sound . 
 `` quick ! 
 you have to s-save mommy and daddy . '' 
 my blood ran cold . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 i asked , holding him with one arm while pulling open the door we came through . 
 now it was just a normal closet . 
 i yanked out a quilt that was n't covered in ice and wrapped ethan in it , sitting him on the frozen bed . 
 `` he came , '' ethan whispered , pulling the folds tighter around himself . 
 `` the dark person . 
 s-spider told me he was coming . 
 he told me t-to hide . '' 
 `` spider ? 
 who 's spider ? '' 
 `` the m-man under the b-bed . '' 
 `` i see . '' 
 i frowned and rubbed his numb fingers between mine . 
 why would a bogey be helping ethan ? 
 `` what happened then ? '' 
 `` i hid , and everything turned to ice . '' 
 ethan gripped my hand , big blue eyes beseeching mine . 
 `` meggie , mommy and daddy are still out there , with him ! 
 you have to save them . 
 make him go away ! '' 
 `` we will , '' i promised . 
 my heart started an irregular thud in my chest . 
 `` we 'll make this right , ethan , i promise . '' 
 `` he should stay here , '' puck murmured , peering through a crack in the door . 
 `` man , it looks like the whole house is iced over . 
 ash is here , all right . '' 
 i nodded . 
 i hated to leave ethan , but there was no way i wanted my brother to see what came next . 
 `` you wait here , '' i told him , smoothing down his curly hair . 
 `` stay in your room until i come get you . 
 close the door and do n't come out , no matter what , okay ? '' 
 he sniffled and huddled deeper into the quilt . 
 with my heart in my throat , i turned to puck . 
 `` all right , '' i whispered . 
 `` let 's find ash . '' 
 we crept down the stairs , puck in front , me clinging to the railing because the stairs were slick and treacherous . 
 the house was eerily silent , an unfamiliar palace of sparkling crystal , the cold so sharp that it cut into my lungs and burned my fingers as they gripped the railing . 
 we reached the living room , cloaked in shadow except for the light that came from the open door and the flickering static of the television . 
 silhouetted against the screen , mom 's and luke 's heads were visible over the top of the couch . 
 leaning together , as if asleep , they were frozen solid , encased in ice like everything else . 
 my heart stood still . 
 `` mom ! '' 
 i rushed forward , but puck grabbed my arm , holding me back . 
 snarling , i turned on him , trying to shake him off , until i saw his face . 
 his eyes were hard , his jaw set as he pulled me behind him , a dagger appearing in his hand . 
 trembling , i looked into the living room again just as ash melted out of the shadows on the far wall , drawing his sword as he did . 
 in the harsh blue light , he looked awful , his skin split open along his cheekbones and his eyes sunk into his face . 
 there were new wounds over his arms and hands , where the skin had blackened along the openings , looking burned and dead . 
 his silver eyes were bright with pain and madness as he stared at us , every inch a killer , but i could n't be afraid of him . 
 there was only grief now , a horrible , soul-wrenching pain knowing that , no matter what happened , i had to let him die . 
 if i wanted to save my family , puck would have to kill ash . 
 tonight . 
 right here in my living room . 
 i forced down a sob and stepped forward , ignoring puck as he grabbed for me , my eyes only for the dark prince standing across the room . 
 `` ash , '' i whispered as his eyes flicked to my face , following my every move . 
 `` can you hear me at all ? 
 please , give us something . 
 otherwise , puck is going to ... '' i swallowed hard , as he continued to regard me blankly . 
 `` ash , i ca n't let you hurt my family . 
 but ... i do n't want to lose you , either . '' 
 the tears spilled over , and i faced him desperately . 
 `` please , tell me you can fight this . 
 please - '' `` kill me . '' 
 i sucked in a breath , staring at him . 
 he stood rock still , the muscles working in his jaw , as if he was struggling to speak . 
 `` i. . . 
 ca n't fight this , '' he gritted out , closing his eyes in concentration . 
 his arms shook , and his grip on the sword tightened . 
 `` you have to ... kill me , meghan . 
 i. . . 
 ca n't stop myself ... '' `` ash - '' his eyes opened , glazed over once more . 
 `` get away from me , now ! '' 
 puck shoved me away as ash leaped across the room , his sword coming down in a sapphire blur . 
 i hit the floor , wincing as the ice scraped my palms and bruised my knees . 
 with my back against the wall , i watched puck and ash battle in the middle of the living room , feeling dead inside and out . 
 i could n't save him . 
 ash was lost to me now , and worse , one of them was going to die . 
 if puck won , ash would be killed . 
 but if ash emerged victorious , i would lose everything , including my own life . 
 i guess i should 've been rooting for puck , but the cold despair in my heart kept me from feeling anything . 
 as ash whirled away from a vicious upward slash , something glittered beneath his hair at the base of his skull . 
 scrambling to my feet , i narrowed my eyes and my senses , staring at it intently . 
 a tiny spark of cold , iron glamour glimmered at the top of ash 's spine and i gasped . 
 that was it ! 
 the bug , the thing that was controlling him and , ultimately , killing him . 
 as if it could sense my thoughts , ash whirled , his eyes narrowing in my direction . 
 as puck 's knife came down at his back , he spun , knocking it aside , and stabbed forward with his weapon . 
 puck twisted desperately , but it was n't enough , and the icy blade plunged deep into his shoulder . 
 i cried out , and puck stumbled back , dark blood blossoming over his shirt , his face tight with pain . 
 ash lunged at me , and i tensed , my heart hammering in my chest . 
 all those times watching him fight gave me an inkling of what was coming . 
 as the sword came slashing down at my head , i dove forward , hearing the savage chink of the blade against the ice . 
 rolling away , i glanced back , saw the sword coming and threw myself aside , barely avoiding the second swing that bit into the floor , pelting me with ice shards . 
 i hit the wall and turned back to see ash standing over me , weapon raised high . 
 there was nowhere to go . 
 i looked into his face , saw his jaw tighten and his arm tremble as he met my gaze . 
 for a split second , the sword wavered , and he closed his eyes ... just as puck rose up from nowhere with a snarl and slammed the dagger into his chest . 
 time stood still . 
 a scream lodged in my throat as puck and ash stared at each other , puck 's shoulders heaving with breaths or sobs , i could n't tell . 
 for a moment , they stood there , locked in a morbid embrace , until puck let out a strangled noise and wrenched himself away , yanking out the dagger in a spray of crimson . 
 the sword fell from ash 's hand , hitting the ground with a ringing clang that echoed through the house . 
 ash staggered back , managing to stay on his feet for a moment , arms curled around his stomach . 
 he swayed , putting his back to the wall , as dark blood began to drip to the ice , pooling beneath him . 
 as i finally found my voice and screamed his name , ash raised his head and gave me a weary smile . 
 then those silver eyes dimmed , like the sun vanishing behind a cloud , and he crumpled to the ground . 
 chapter nineteen sickness `` ash ! '' 
 i rushed forward , shoving puck out of the way . 
 puck stumbled aside , moving like a sleepwalker . 
 the bloody dagger dropped limply from his hand . 
 ignoring him , i lunged toward ash . 
 `` stay back ! '' 
 his voice brought me up short , sharp and desperate . 
 ash struggled to his knees , arms around his stomach , shaking with agonized gasps . 
 blood pooled around him as he raised his head , eyes bright with anguish . 
 `` stay back , meghan , '' he gritted out , a line of red trickling from his mouth . 
 `` i could ... still kill you . 
 let me be . '' 
 he grimaced , closing his eyes , one hand clutching at his skull . 
 `` i can still ... feel it , '' he rasped , shuddering . 
 `` it 's in ... shock now , but ... it 's getting strong again . '' 
 he gasped , clenching his teeth in pain . 
 `` dammit , goodfellow . 
 you could 've ... made it clean . 
 hurry and get it over with . '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 i cried , flinging myself down beside him . 
 he flinched away from me , and i caught his shoulder . 
 it was like touching an electric fence , without the shock . 
 i felt a rush of sharp , metallic glamour coming from ash , buzzing in my ears and vibrating my senses . 
 i felt something inside me respond , like a current beneath my skin , rushing up to my fingertips , and suddenly everything was much clearer . 
 if glamour was raw emotion and passion , this was the absence of it : logical , calculating , impassive . 
 i felt all my fear , panic and desperation drain away , and i looked at ash with a new curiosity . 
 this was a problem , but how was i going to fix it ? 
 how would i solve this equation ? 
 `` meghan , run . '' 
 ash 's voice was strangled , and that was all the warning i had before his eyes went glassy and his hands fastened around my throat , cutting off my air . 
 i gasped and clawed at his fingers , staring into his blank eyes as a sharp , droning voice echoed through my head . 
 kill you . 
 i gasped airlessly , fighting to stay calm , to stay connected to that cold , impassive glamour buzzing under my skin . 
 as i stared into his eyes , i could see the bug , its hateful glare peering back at me . 
 i could see its round , ticklike body , clamped to the top of ash 's spine , the metal parasite that was killing him . 
 i could hear it , and i knew it could hear me , too . 
 `` meghan ! '' 
 puck snatched the ice sword from where it lay , forgotten , and raised it over his head . 
 `` puck , do n't . '' 
 my voice came out raspy , but calm . 
 i fought for air and felt ash 's grip loosen the tiniest bit . 
 he closed his eyes , breaking my connection with the bug , but i could still feel the iron glamour , buzzing all around me . 
 he was fighting its commands , his face tight with concentration , sweat running down his skin . 
 `` do it , '' he rasped , and i realized he spoke to puck , not me . 
 `` no ! '' 
 i met puck 's conflicted gaze , saw the sword waver as he swept it toward ash . 
 `` puck , do n't ! 
 trust me ! '' 
 my vision was getting fuzzy . 
 i did n't have much time . 
 praying puck would hesitate a little longer , i turned back to ash , laying my palm against his cheek . 
 `` ash , '' i said , hoping my mangled voice would get through to him , `` look at me , please . '' 
 he did n't respond at first , his fingers shaking as he fought the compulsion to crush my throat . 
 when he did look up , the raw anguish , horror and torment on his face was agonizing . 
 but , beyond his pain-filled eyes , i could see the parasite as it tightened its hold on him . 
 my will rose up to meet it , iron glamour swirling around us . 
 i shaped that glamour into a command , and sent it lancing into the metal bug . 
 let go , i told it , putting as much force into the words as i could . 
 it buzzed furiously and clamped down hard , and ash cried out in agony . 
 his fingers on my throat tightened , crushing my windpipe and turning my world red with pain . 
 i sagged , fighting to stay conscious , seeing darkness crawling along the edge of my vision . 
 no ! 
 i told it . 
 i will not lose to you . 
 i will not give him up ! 
 let go ! 
 the bug hissed again ... and loosened its hold , still fighting me all the way . 
 i put my shaking hand against ash 's chest , over his heart , feeling it crash against his ribs . 
 ash 's grip tightened once more , and the world started to go black . 
 get out , i snarled with the last of my strength . 
 get out of him , now ! 
 a crackle and a flash of light , and ash convulsed , shoving me away . 
 i fell against the cold floor , striking my head against the ice , blackness momentarily blinding me . 
 fighting for consciousness , i saw a glint of light , of something tiny and metallic , fly up toward the ceiling , and ash staring at his hands in horror . 
 the metal spark hovered in the air a moment , than zipped toward me with a furious buzz . 
 puck 's hand shot out , snatching the bug from the air , hurling it to the floor . 
 for a split second , it lay there glinting coldly against the ice . 
 then his boot smashed down and ground the bug into oblivion . 
 i struggled upright , breathing hard , waiting for the room to stop spinning . 
 puck knelt in front of me , one shoulder covered in blood , his whole body tense with concern . 
 `` meghan . '' 
 one of his hands smoothed my cheek , rough and urgent . 
 `` talk to me . 
 are you all right ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` i think so . '' 
 my voice came out harsh and raspy , and my throat burned like i 'd been gargling with razor blades . 
 something cold and wet dripped onto my knee . 
 i glanced up and saw that the ceiling was beginning to crack and melt . 
 `` where 's ash ? '' 
 puck moved aside , looking grave . 
 ash was slumped against the wall in the corner , head down , one hand covering his still bleeding ribs . 
 his eyes were open , staring at the floor , at nothing . 
 heart in my throat , i gingerly approached and knelt beside him , saw him shift , very slightly , away from me . 
 `` ash . '' 
 my worry for him , for ethan , for my family , was a painful knot in my stomach . 
 i longed to help him , but the image of my mom and luke , frozen on the couch , filled me with dread and fear . 
 if ash had hurt them , if they were ... i could never forgive him . 
 `` my mom , '' i asked , staring into his face . 
 `` my stepdad . 
 did ... did you ... ? '' 
 he gave his head a small shake , a tiny movement in the shadows . 
 `` no , '' he whispered without looking at me , his voice flat and dead . 
 `` they 're just ... asleep . 
 when the ice melts , they should be fine , with no memory of what happened . '' 
 relief bloomed through me , although short-lived . 
 i reached out to touch his arm , and he flinched as if my touch was poison . 
 `` what will you do with me now ? '' 
 he whispered . 
 puck 's shadow fell over us . 
 i looked back and saw him holding ash 's sword , a grim , frightening look on his face . 
 for a second , i was afraid puck would stab him right there , but he tossed the blade at ash 's feet and turned away . 
 `` think you can walk , prince ? '' 
 ash nodded without looking up . 
 puck pulled me reluctantly to my feet and drew me aside . 
 `` i 'll deal with ash , princess , '' he murmured , holding up a hand to interrupt my protest . 
 `` why do n't you check on your brother before we go ? '' 
 `` go ? 
 where ? '' 
 `` i 'd say ash needs a healer , princess . '' 
 puck glanced back at the prince and made a face . 
 `` i know i would , if i 'd had a metal bug stuck inside my head . 
 probably screwed him up pretty bad . 
 luckily , i know a healer not far from here , but we should go now . '' 
 i looked back at mom and luke , at the water slowly dripping from their frozen silhouettes , and yearning twisted my stomach . 
 i missed them , and who knew when i 'd see them again . 
 `` we ca n't stay , just a little while ? '' 
 `` what would you tell them , princess ? '' 
 puck gave me a look that was sympathetic and exasperated at the same time . 
 `` the truth ? 
 that a faery prince froze the inside of the house in order to draw you here and kill you ? '' 
 he shook his head , making sense even as i hated him and his logic at that point . 
 `` besides , we need to get his royal iciness to a healer , and soon . 
 trust me , it 's better if your folks never knew you were here . '' 
 i gave my parents one last look and nodded slowly . 
 `` right , '' i sighed . 
 `` i was never here . 
 let me say goodbye to ethan , at least . '' 
 feeling old inside and out , i retreated up the steps , pausing once to look back . 
 puck was crouched in front of the unseelie prince , his lips moving soundlessly , but ash was looking straight at me , his eyes glimmering slits in the gloom . 
 biting my lips , i continued on to ethan 's bedroom . 
 i found him in the hallway , peering out between the railings , the blanket still draped over his shoulders . 
 `` ethan ! '' 
 i hissed , and he glanced up with big blue eyes . 
 `` what are you doing out here ? 
 i told you to stay in your room . '' 
 `` where 's mommy and daddy ? '' 
 he asked as i picked him up , carrying him back to his room . 
 `` did you tell the bad person to go away ? '' 
 `` they 'll be all right , '' i told him with my own sense of relief . 
 `` ash did n't hurt them , and as soon as the ice melts , they 'll be back to normal . '' 
 though they would probably wonder why the whole house was wet . 
 the ice was melting rapidly ; i stepped around several puddles as i crossed the hall into his room . 
 ethan nodded , gazing at me solemnly as i set him on his bed . 
 `` you 're going away again , are n't you ? '' 
 he asked matter-of-factly , though his lip trembled and he sniffled , trying to hold back tears . 
 `` you did n't come back to stay with me . '' 
 i sighed , sitting beside him on the frozen bed . 
 `` not yet , '' i murmured , smoothing down his hair . 
 `` i wish i could . 
 i really do , but ... '' ethan sniffled , and i pulled him close . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i whispered . 
 `` there are still some things i have to take care of . '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 ethan clung to me , burying his face in my side . 
 `` you ca n't leave again . 
 they wo n't take you again . 
 i wo n't let them . '' 
 `` ethan - '' `` princesss . '' 
 from the darkness under the bed , something latched on to my ankle , claws digging into my skin . 
 i yelped , swinging my feet up onto the mattress , and ethan gave a startled cry . 
 `` dammit , bogey ! '' 
 my sore throat blazed with pain at the outburst , making me even angrier . 
 i leaped off the bed and stalked to ethan 's dresser , grabbing the flashlight still kept on top . 
 bogeys hated light , and the white beam of a flashlight could make them flee in terror . 
 `` i am so not in the mood for this , '' i rasped , flicking on the beam . 
 `` you have three seconds to get out of here before i make you leave . '' 
 `` meggie . '' 
 ethan hopped off the bed and padded up , taking my hand . 
 `` it 's okay . 
 it 's only spider . 
 he 's my friend . '' 
 i looked at him , aghast . 
 since when did bogeys make friends with the kids they terrorized ? 
 i did n't believe it , but a soft slithering sound came from under the bed , and two yellow eyes peered up at me . 
 `` fear not , princesss , '' it whispered , keeping a wary eye on the flashlight in my hand . 
 `` i am here under ordersss . 
 prince asssh told usss to watch thisss houssse . 
 it isss under the protection of the unssseelie court . '' 
 `` ash ordered this ? 
 when ? '' 
 `` before he came to collect your bargain , princesss . 
 before you went back with him to tir na nog . '' 
 the thing slithered to the edge of the crack , staying just out of the light . 
 `` the child isss in no danger , '' it rasped , `` and neither are hisss parentsss , though they do not know we are here . 
 protect thisss houssse and work no missschief on thossse who live here , those are our ordersss . '' 
 `` he tells me stories every night , '' ethan said , looking up at me . 
 `` most of them are pretty scary , but i do n't mind . 
 and sometimes there 's a black pony in the front yard , and little man in the basement . 
 mommy and daddy do n't see them , either . '' 
 i closed my eyes . 
 the thought of so many unseelie fey hanging around my house did nothing to ease my nervousness , even if they were claiming to protect my family . 
 `` how did you know about ash ? '' 
 i finally asked . 
 `` i sssmelled an iron fey coming , and knew i mussst protect the boy , at leassst , '' spider went on , oblivious to my conflicted feelings . 
 `` i pulled him under the bed , where i could hide him better . 
 imagine my sssurprissse when i dissscovered it wasss prince asssh himssself , attacking thisss houssse . 
 he mussst have been posssesssed , or perhapsss it wasss an iron fey disssguisssed asss the prince . 
 but , i followed my ordersss , and kept the boy sssafe . '' 
 `` well , i 'm grateful for that , '' i muttered . 
 and then a thought occurred to me , one that i almost did n't ask about , but could n't leave alone . 
 `` have ... have my parents ... mentioned me ? 
 do they talk about me at all , or wonder where i am ? '' 
 `` i know nothing of the adultsss , princesss . '' 
 it did n't really matter now , but i suddenly wanted to know . 
 was i still a part of this family , or just a long-forgotten memory ? 
 how could i find out without asking mom and luke ? 
 i snapped my fingers . 
 my bedroom . 
 i had deliberately avoided it until now , unsure if i could handle seeing it turned into an office , or a guest room , proof that mom had forgotten me . 
 but with ethan clutching my hand , his blanket trailing behind us , i walked down the hall to my room and pushed the door open . 
 it was exactly as i remembered it , frozen in ice , familiar and strange at the same time . 
 a lump caught in my throat as i walked inside . 
 nothing had changed . 
 there was my old stuffed bear sitting on my bed , a birthday present from long ago . 
 my naruto and escaflowne posters were still on the wall . 
 i ran my fingers over my dresser , scanning the photographs between my scattered collection of cds , now probably ruined . 
 photos of me , mom and ethan . 
 one family picture with luke . 
 one of me and beau , our old german shepherd , as a puppy . 
 and a small , single framed picture on my nightstand that i did n't recognize . 
 frowning , i snapped it away from the ice and held it up , staring at the photograph . 
 it was a picture of me as a little kid , no older than ethan , being held by an unfamiliar man with short brown hair and a lopsided smile . 
 `` oh , my god , '' i whispered . 
 my knees crumpled , and i sat down on the bed , slush and frigid water seeping through my clothes . 
 i barely felt it . 
 ethan stood on tiptoes to stare at the frame . 
 `` who 's that ? '' 
 he whispered . 
 puck appeared in the doorway , his shirt and hands smeared with blood . 
 `` princess ? 
 we should get going . 
 ash says there 's a tatter-colt outside who can give us a ride to the healer . '' 
 he stopped when he saw my face . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 i held up the frame . 
 `` recognize him ? '' 
 puck squinted at the photo , then his eyes got wide . 
 `` hell , '' he muttered . 
 `` it 's charles . '' 
 i nodded faintly . 
 `` charles , '' i whispered , pulling the frame back . 
 `` i did n't even know him . 
 i do n't know how i did n't recognize ... '' i stopped , remembering an old woman shifting through my mind , scattering memories like leaves , searching for the one she wanted . 
 when we were first searching for ethan and the iron king , we 'd asked an ancient oracle , living in new orleans , to help us find machina 's lair . 
 the oracle agreed to help us ... in exchange for one of my memories . 
 i had n't given it any thought until now . 
 `` that was the exchange , was n't it ? '' 
 i asked bitterly , looking at puck . 
 `` the oracle 's payment for helping us . 
 this was the memory she took . '' 
 puck did n't say anything . 
 i sighed , staring at the frame , then shook my head . 
 `` who is he ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` he was your father , '' puck murmured . 
 `` or , at least , the man you thought was your father . 
 before you came here , and your mom met luke . 
 he disappeared when you were six . '' 
 i could n't take my eyes off the strange photo , at the man holding me so easily , both of us smiling at the camera . 
 `` you knew who he was , '' i murmured without looking away . 
 `` you knew who charles was , did n't you ? 
 all that time we were at leanansidhe 's , you knew . '' 
 puck did n't answer , and i finally tore my gaze from the photo , glaring up at him . 
 `` why did n't you tell me ? '' 
 `` and what would you have done , princess ? '' 
 puck crossed his arms and stared back , unrepentant . 
 `` made a bargain with leanansidhe ? 
 dragged him home again , like nothing happened ? 
 do you think your mom would take him back without a second thought ? '' 
 of course she would n't . 
 she had luke now , and ethan . 
 nothing would change , even if i did manage to bring charles home . 
 and the worst part was , i could n't remember why i 'd wanted to . 
 my mind spun . 
 i was drowning in a torrent of confusing emotions , feeling my world turned upside down . 
 the shock of discovery . 
 guilt that i did n't recognize my mother 's first husband , the man who 'd raised me as a child , and worse , could n't remember anything about him . 
 he was like a stranger on the street . 
 anger at puck . 
 he had known all along , and deliberately kept me in the dark . 
 anger at leanansidhe . 
 what the hell was she doing with my dad ? 
 how did he even get there ? 
 and how was i going to get him out ? 
 did i even want to get him out ? 
 `` princess . '' 
 puck 's voice broke through my numb trance . 
 i glared poisoned daggers at him and he gave me a weak smile . 
 `` scary . 
 you can rip me to pieces later . 
 his royal iciness is n't looking so good . 
 we have to get him to a healer , now . '' 
 ethan sniffed and clamped himself to my leg , his small body tight with determination . 
 `` no ! '' 
 he wailed . 
 `` no , she 's not leaving ! 
 no ! '' 
 i looked at puck helplessly , torn in several directions and feeling i could scream . 
 `` i ca n't leave him here alone . '' 
 `` he will not be alone , princesss , '' came spider 's voice from under my bed . 
 `` we will defend him with our livesss , asss ordered . '' 
 `` can you promise me that ? '' 
 a soft hiss . 
 `` asss you wisssh . 
 we three of the unssseelie court , bogey , tatter-colt , and cluricaun , promissse to look after the chassse boy until we are told otherwissse by hisss highnesss prince asssh or queen mab herssself . '' 
 i still did n't like it , but it was all i could do for now . 
 once a faery says the word promise , it is an ironclad contract . 
 ethan , however , wailed and clung tighter to my leg . 
 `` no ! '' 
 he cried again , on his way to a rare but intense temper tantrum . 
 `` you 're not leaving ! 
 you 're not ! '' 
 puck sighed and placed his palm gently on ethan 's head , murmuring something under his breath . 
 i saw a shimmer of glamour go through the air , and ethan slumped against my leg , going silent mid-scream . 
 alarmed , i scooped him up , but a soft snore came from his open mouth , and puck grinned . 
 `` did you really have to do that ? '' 
 i said , bundling ethan in the blanket and carrying him back to his room . 
 `` well , it was either that or turn him into a rabbit for a few hours . '' 
 puck was infuriatingly unrepentant as he followed me down the hall . 
 `` and i do n't think your parents would 've appreciated that . '' 
 icy water dripped from the ceiling and ran rivulets down the walls , soaking his toys and stuffed animals . 
 `` this is n't going to work , '' i groaned . 
 `` even if he is asleep , i ca n't leave him in here . 
 he 'll freeze ! '' 
 as if on command , the closet door swung open , warm and dark and , most important , dry . 
 `` come on , princess , '' puck urged as i hesitated . 
 `` make a decision here . 
 we 're running out of time . '' 
 reluctantly , i set ethan 's small body in the closet , pulling down several more blankets to make a nest around him . 
 he remained deeply asleep , breathing easily through his nose and mouth , and did n't even stir as i piled the quilts around him . 
 `` you 'd better take good care of him , '' i whispered to the shadows around me , knowing they were listening . 
 after smoothing his hair back one last time , pulling the covers over his shoulders , i finally rose and followed puck down the stairs . 
 `` i hope ash does n't object to us dragging his carcass outside , '' puck muttered as we made our way down the steps , getting dripped on every few feet . 
 `` i patched him up as best i could , but i do n't think he can walk very ... '' he trailed off as we reached the frozen living room . 
 the front door creaked softly on its hinges , spilling a bar of moonlight across the floor , and ash was nowhere to be seen . 
 i flung myself across the room , slipping on slush and ice , and burst onto the porch . 
 ash 's lean silhouette was moving silently across the yard , stumbling every few feet , one arm around his middle . 
 at the edge of the trees , barely visible within the shadows , a small black horse with glowing crimson eyes waited for him . 
 i leaped down the steps and raced across the yard , my heart pounding in my ears . 
 `` ash ! '' 
 i cried , and lunged , catching hold of his arm . 
 he flinched and tried shrugging me off , but nearly fell with the effort . 
 `` wait ! 
 where are you going ? '' 
 `` back for the scepter . '' 
 his voice was dull , and he tried pulling away again , but i clung to him desperately . 
 `` let me go , meghan . 
 i have to do this . '' 
 `` no , you do n't ! 
 not like this . '' 
 despair rose up like a black tide , and i choked back tears . 
 `` what are you thinking ? 
 you ca n't face them all alone . 
 you 'll be killed . '' 
 he did n't move , either to disagree or to shake me off , and my desperation grew . 
 `` why are you doing this ? '' 
 i whispered . 
 `` why wo n't you let us help you ? '' 
 `` meghan , please . '' 
 ash sounded as if he was desperately clinging to the last shreds of his composure . 
 `` let me go . 
 i ca n't stay here . 
 not after ... '' he shuddered and took a ragged breath . 
 `` not after what i did . '' 
 `` that was n't you . '' 
 releasing his arm , i stepped in front of him , blocking his path . 
 he would n't meet my eyes . 
 steeling myself , i stepped closer , finding the courage to gently turn his face to mine . 
 `` ash , that was n't you . 
 do n't go blaming yourself-you had no control over this . 
 this is no one 's fault but hers . '' 
 his silver eyes were haunted . 
 `` it does n't excuse what i did . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 he flinched and tried drawing back , but i held firm . 
 `` but that does n't mean you should throw your life away because you feel guilty . 
 what would that accomplish ? '' 
 he regarded me solemnly , his expression unreadable , and my throat ached with longing . 
 i yearned to fling my arms around him and hug him close , but i knew he would n't allow it . 
 `` virus is still out there , '' i continued , holding his gaze , `` and now we have a real chance to get the scepter back . 
 but we have to do it together this time . 
 deal ? '' 
 he regarded me solemnly . 
 `` is this another contract ? '' 
 `` no , '' i whispered , appalled . 
 `` i would n't do that to you again . '' 
 he remained silent , staring at me , and i reluctantly let him go , raw desperation tearing at my stomach . 
 `` ash , if you really want to leave , i ca n't stop you . 
 but - '' `` i accept . '' 
 i blinked at him . 
 `` accept ? 
 what - ? '' 
 `` the terms of our contract . '' 
 he bowed his head , his voice somber and grim . 
 `` i will aid you until we get the scepter back and return it to the winter court . 
 i will stay with you until these terms are fulfilled , this i promise . '' 
 `` is that all it is to you ? 
 a bargain ? '' 
 `` meghan . '' 
 he glanced at me , eyes pleading . 
 `` let me do this . 
 it 's the only way i can think of to repay you . '' 
 `` but - '' `` so , are we done here ? '' 
 puck sauntered up beside me , putting an arm around my shoulders before i could stop him . 
 ash stiffened , drawing back , and his eyes went cold . 
 puck looked past him to the tatter-colt , standing in the trees , and raised an eyebrow . 
 `` i guess that 's our ride , then . '' 
 the black horse pinned its ears and curled back its lips in a very unhorselike snarl , baring flat yellow teeth at us . 
 puck snickered . 
 `` huh , i do n't think your friend likes me very much , your highness . 
 looks like you 'll be riding to the healer 's solo . '' 
 `` i 'll go with him , '' i said quickly , stepping out of puck 's casual embrace . 
 he blinked at me and scowled as i pulled him aside . 
 `` ash can barely keep his feet , '' i whispered , matching his glare . 
 `` someone has to stay with him . 
 i just want to make sure he does n't go off on his own . '' 
 he gave me that infuriating smirk . 
 `` sure , princess . 
 whatever you say . '' 
 i resisted the urge to punch him . 
 `` just get us to the healer , puck . '' 
 he rolled his eyes and stalked off , glaring at ash as he swept by . 
 ash watched him leave without comment , his expression strangely dead . 
 turning away , he stumbled over to the tatter-colt , which bent its forelegs and knelt for him so that he could pull himself onto its back with a barely noticeable grimace . 
 a little nervously , i approached the equine fey , which tossed its head and swished its ragged tail but thankfully did n't lunge or bite . 
 it did n't kneel for me , however , and i had to scramble onto its back the hard way , settling behind ash and wrapping my arms around his waist . 
 for a moment , i closed my eyes and laid my cheek against his back , content just to hold him without fear . 
 i heard his heartbeat quicken , and felt a little shiver go through him , but he remained tense in my arms , rigid and uncomfortable . 
 a heaviness settled in my chest , and i swallowed the lump in my throat . 
 a harsh cry made me glance up . 
 a huge raven swooped overhead , so close that i felt the wind from its passing ruffle my hair . 
 it perched on a branch and looked back at us , eyes glowing green in the darkness , before barking another caw and flapping away into the trees . 
 ash gave a quiet word to follow , and the tatter-colt started after it , slipping into the woods as silently as a ghost . 
 i turned and watched my house getting smaller and smaller through the branches , until the forest closed in and the trees obscured it completely . 
 chapter twenty the healer we rode for a couple hours while the sky above us turned from pitch black to navy blue to the faintest tinge of pink . 
 puck kept well ahead of us , flitting from branch to branch until we caught up , then swooping away again . 
 he led us deep into the swamps , through bogs where the tatter-colt sloshed through waist-deep pools of murky water , past huge , moss-covered trees dripping with vines . 
 ash said nothing as we traveled , but his head hung lower and lower the farther we went , until it was all i could do to hold him upright . 
 finally , as the last of the stars faded from the sky , the tatter-colt pushed its way through a cluster of vine-covered trees to find the raven perched atop a rustic-looking shack in the middle of the swamp . 
 before the tatter-colt stopped moving , ash was sliding off its back , crumpling to the misty ground . 
 as soon as he was off , the tatter-colt began tossing its head and bucking , until i half slid , half fell off its back into the mud . 
 snorting , the colt trotted into the bushes with its head held high and disappeared . 
 i knelt by ash , and my heart clenched at how pallid he looked , the abrasions on his face standing out angrily against his pale skin . 
 i touched his cheek and he groaned , but he did n't open his eyes . 
 puck was there suddenly , dragging ash to his feet , grimacing at the pain of his own wound . 
 `` princess , '' he gritted out , taking the prince 's weight , `` go wake up the healer . 
 tell her we 've got an iron-sickened prince on our hands . 
 but be careful . '' 
 he grinned , his normal self once more . 
 `` she can be a little cranky before she 's had her coffee . '' 
 i climbed the rickety wooden steps onto the porch , which creaked under my feet . 
 a cluster of toadstools , growing right out of the wall near the door , pulsed with a soft orange light , and the shack itself was covered in various moss , lichens and mushrooms of different colors . 
 i took a deep breath and knocked on the door . 
 no one answered right away , so i banged again , louder this time . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 i called , peering through a dusty , curtained window . 
 my raw throat ached , bringing tears to my eyes , but i raised my voice and called out again . 
 `` is anyone there ? 
 we need your help ! 
 hello ? '' 
 `` do you have any idea what time it is ? '' 
 yelled an irritable voice on the other side . 
 `` do you people think healers do n't have to sleep , is that it ? '' 
 shuffling footsteps made their way to the door while the voice still continued to mutter . 
 `` up all night with a sick catoblepas , but do i get any rest ? 
 of course not , healers do n't need rest . 
 they can just drink one of their special potions and stay up all night , for days on end , ready to jump at every emergency that comes banging on their door at five in the morning ! '' 
 the door whooshed open , and i found myself staring at empty air . 
 `` what ? '' 
 snapped the voice near my feet . 
 i looked down . 
 an ancient gnome stared up at me , her face wrinkled and shriveled like a walnut under a frayed clump of white hair . 
 barely two feet tall , dressed in a once-white robe with tiny gold glasses on the end of her nose , she glared at me like a furious midget bear , black eyes snapping with irritation . 
 i felt a stab of recognition . 
 `` ms. ... ms. stacy ? '' 
 i blurted out , seeing , for just a moment , my old school nurse . 
 the gnome blinked up at me , then pulled her glasses off and began cleaning them . 
 `` well now , ms. chase , '' she said , cementing my hunch . 
 `` it has been a while . 
 last i saw you , you were hiding in my office after that cruel trick that boy played on you in the cafeteria . '' 
 i winced at the memory . 
 that had been the most embarrassing day of my life , and i did n't want to think about it . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 i asked , amazed . 
 the nurse snorted and shoved her glasses back atop her nose . 
 `` your father , lord oberon , bade me keep an eye on you with mr. goodfellow , '' she replied , looking up at me primly . 
 `` if you were hurt , i was supposed to heal you . 
 if you saw anything strange , i was to help you forget . 
 i provided goodfellow with the necessary herbs and potions he needed to keep you from seeing us . '' 
 she sighed . 
 `` but then , you went traipsing off to the nevernever to find your brother , and everything unraveled . 
 fortunately , oberon allowed me to keep my job as school nurse , in case you ever came back . '' 
 i felt a small prick of anger that this woman had blinded me for so long , but i could n't think about that now . 
 `` we need your help , '' i said , turning so she could see puck and ash coming toward the porch . 
 `` my friend has been stabbed , but not only that , he 's iron-sick and getting weaker . 
 please , can you help him ? '' 
 `` iron-sick ? 
 oh dear . '' 
 the gnome peered past me , staring at the two fey boys in the yard , and her eyes got wide behind her glasses . 
 `` that ... is that ... prince ash ? '' 
 she gasped , as the blood drained from her face . 
 `` mab 's son ? 
 you expect me to help a prince of winter ? 
 have you gone mad ? 
 i. . . 
 no ! '' 
 she backed through the door , shaking her head . 
 `` no , absolutely not ! '' 
 the door started to slam , but i stuck my foot in the frame , wincing as it banged my knee . 
 `` please , '' i begged , shouldering my way through the gap . 
 the nurse glared at me , pursing her lips , as i crowded through the frame . 
 `` please , he could be dying , and we have nowhere else to go . '' 
 `` i do n't make a habit of aiding the unseelie , ms. chase . '' 
 the nurse sniffed and struggled to close the door , but i was n't budging . 
 `` let his own take care of him . 
 i 'm sure the winter court has its share of healers . '' 
 `` we do n't have time ! '' 
 anger flared . 
 ash was getting weaker . 
 he could be dying , and with every second , the scepter got farther away . 
 i bashed my shoulder into the door , and it flew open . 
 the nurse stumbled back , hand going to her chest , as i stepped into the room . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i told her in my best firm voice , `` but i 'm not giving you a choice . 
 you will help ash , or things will get very unpleasant in a very short time . '' 
 `` i wo n't be bullied by a half-human brat ! '' 
 i straightened and towered over her , my head just touching the ceiling . 
 `` oberon is my father , you said so yourself . 
 consider this an order from your princess . '' 
 when she scowled , her eyes nearly sinking into the creases of her face , i crossed my arms and glared imperiously . 
 `` or , should i inform my father that you refused to help me ? 
 that i came to you for aid , and you turned me away ? 
 i do n't think he 'd be too pleased about that . '' 
 `` all right , all right ! '' 
 she raised her hands . 
 `` i 'll get no peace otherwise , i see that now . 
 bring in the winter prince . 
 but your father will hear of this , young lady . '' 
 she turned and shook a finger at me . 
 `` he will hear of this , and then we will see who will be the target of his ire . '' 
 i felt a small pang of guilt that i had to pull the daddy card like some spoiled rich kid , but it faded as puck dragged ash up the stairs . 
 the prince seemed more wraith than flesh now , his skin a sickly gray except for the angry red wounds on his face and arms , where the skin seemed to be peeling off the bones . 
 i shuddered and my heart twisted with worry . 
 `` put him in here , '' the nurse ordered , directing puck to a small side room with a low-lying bed . 
 puck complied , laying ash down on the sheets before collapsing into a chair that looked like an enormous mushroom . 
 the nurse sniffed . 
 `` i see the princess has you in on this , too , robin . '' 
 `` do n't look at me . '' 
 puck smirked and wiped a hand across his face . 
 `` i did my best to kill the guy , but when the princess wants something , there 's no changing her mind . '' 
 i scowled at him . 
 he shrugged and offered a helpless grin , and i turned back to ash . 
 `` ugh , he does n't just smell of iron , he reeks of it , '' the nurse muttered , examining the wounds on his face and arms . 
 `` these burns are n't normal-they 've erupted from the inside out . 
 it 's almost like he had something metal inside him . '' 
 `` he did , '' i said quietly , and the nurse shuddered , wiping her hands . 
 she pulled up ash 's shirt , revealing a layer of gauze that was just beginning to seep blood onto the mattress . 
 `` at least the bandaging was done properly , '' she mused . 
 `` very nice , clean work . 
 your handiwork , i presume , goodfellow ? '' 
 `` which one ? '' 
 `` the bandage , robin . '' 
 `` yeah , that was mine , too . '' 
 the nurse sighed , bending over ash , studying the cuts on his face , peeling away the gauze to see the stab wound . 
 her brow furrowed . 
 `` so , let me get this straight , '' she continued , looking at puck . 
 `` you stabbed ash , prince of the winter court . '' 
 `` guilty as charged . '' 
 `` and , judging by both of your conditions - '' her eyes flickered to my throat and puck 's bloody shoulder '' - i 'm guessing the winter prince did that to you , as well . '' 
 `` right again . '' 
 `` which means you were fighting each other . '' 
 the nurse 's eyes narrowed . 
 `` which means he was probably trying to kill you , yes ? '' 
 `` well ... '' i stammered . 
 `` so , why in the name of all that 's sacred do you want me to heal him ? 
 not that i wo n't , '' she added , holding up her hand , `` but what 's to stop him from attacking you again ? 
 or me , for that matter ? '' 
 `` he wo n't , '' i said quickly . 
 `` i promise , he wo n't . '' 
 `` are you planning to use him as a hostage , is that it ? '' 
 `` no ! 
 it 's just - '' i sighed . 
 `` it 's a long story . '' 
 `` well , you will have to tell me later , '' the nurse sighed , standing up . 
 `` your friend is very lucky , '' she continued , crossing the room to take a porcelain jar off the shelf . 
 `` i do n't know how he did n't die , but he is strong , to survive as long as he did . 
 he must 've been in terrible pain . '' 
 she returned to his side , shaking her head as she knelt beside him . 
 `` i can heal his surface wounds , but i do n't know what i can do about the iron sickness . 
 he must recover from that himself . 
 it is better if he returns to tir na nog after this . 
 his body will throw off the sickness faster in his own land . '' 
 `` that 's not really an option , '' i ventured . 
 the nurse snorted . 
 `` then i 'm afraid he will be quite weak for a long , long time . '' 
 she straightened and turned around , staring at us with her hands on her hips . 
 `` now i need to work . 
 both of you , out . 
 if you 're tired , use the extra bed in the adjoining room , but do n't disturb my other patient . 
 the prince will be fine , but i ca n't be tripping over you every few seconds . 
 go on , now . 
 get . '' 
 making shooing motions with her hands , she chased us from the room and slammed the door behind us . 
 even exhausted , i was too worried to sleep . 
 i wandered the healer 's small cabin like a restless cat , checking the door every ten seconds , waiting for it to open . 
 ash was on the other side , and i did n't know what was happening to him . 
 i drove puck and the satyr with the broken leg crazy , drifting from one room to the next , until puck threatened , only half jokingly , to put a sleeping spell on me if i did n't relax . 
 to which i threatened , only half jokingly , that i would kill him if he did . 
 finally , the door creaked open and the nurse stepped out , bloodstained and weary-eyed , her hair in disarray . 
 `` he 's fine , '' she told me as i rushed up , the question on the tip of my tongue . 
 `` like i said before , he 's still weak from the iron-sickness , but he 's no longer in any danger . 
 though i must say - '' and she glared at me fiercely , '' - the boy almost snapped my wrist when i tried sewing his wounds shut . 
 wretched unseelie , the only thing they know is violence . '' 
 `` can i see him ? '' 
 she eyed me over her gold-rimmed glasses , and sighed . 
 `` i should tell you no , he needs his rest , but you would n't listen to me , anyway . 
 so yes , you can see him , but keep it short . 
 oh , and robin , '' she said , crooking a finger at puck , `` a word . '' 
 puck gave me a grimace of mock terror and followed the nurse from the room . 
 i watched them leave , then slipped quietly into the darkened room , closing the door behind me . 
 easing over to his bed , i sat beside him and studied his face . 
 the cuts were still there , but they were faded now , less severe . 
 his shirt was off , and clean bandages wrapped his stomach and torso . 
 his breathing was slow and deep , his chest rising and falling with each breath . 
 i reached down and gently placed a hand over his heart , wanting to touch him , to feel his heartbeat under my fingers . 
 his face was peaceful , free of harsh lines or worries , but even in sleep , he looked a little sad . 
 preoccupied with watching his face , i did n't see his arm move until strong fingers curled gently over mine . 
 my stomach leaped as i looked down , seeing my hand trapped within his , and glanced back at his face . 
 his silver eyes were open now , staring at me , his expression unreadable in the darkness . 
 my breath caught in my throat . 
 `` hi , '' i whispered , for lack of anything to say . 
 he continued to watch me , unmoving , and i rattled on . 
 `` um , the nurse says you 're going to be fine now . 
 you 'll be a little sick from the iron , but that should fade with time . '' 
 he remained silent , his eyes never leaving my face , and my cheeks started to burn . 
 maybe he just had a nightmare , and i 'd startled him by creeping into his room like a stalker . 
 i was lucky he had n't snapped my wrist like he almost did with the nurse . 
 `` sorry if i woke you , '' i muttered , attempting to pull back . 
 `` i 'll let you sleep now . '' 
 his grip tightened , stopping me . 
 `` stay . '' 
 my heart soared . 
 i looked down at him , wishing i could just melt into him , feel his arms around me . 
 he sighed , and his eyes closed . 
 `` you were right , '' he murmured , his voice nearly lost in the darkness . 
 `` i could n't do it alone . 
 i should have listened to you back in tir na nog . '' 
 `` yes , you should have , '' i whispered . 
 `` remember that , so that next time you can just agree with whatever i say and we 'll be fine . '' 
 though he did n't open his eyes , one corner of his mouth curled , ever so slightly . 
 it was what i was hoping for . 
 for a moment , the barriers had crumbled and we were all right again . 
 i squeezed his hand . 
 `` i missed you , '' i whispered . 
 i waited for him to say i missed you , too , but he grew very still under my hand , and my heart plummeted . 
 `` meghan , '' he began , sounding uncomfortable . 
 `` i. . . 
 i still do n't know if ... '' he stopped , opening his eyes . 
 `` we 're still on opposite sides , '' he murmured , his voice tinged with regret . 
 `` nothing changes that , even now . 
 contract aside , you 're still considered my enemy . 
 besides , i thought you and goodfellow - '' i shook my head . 
 `` puck is ... '' i began , and stopped . 
 what was he ? 
 thinking about him , i suddenly realized i could n't say he was just a friend . 
 `` just friends '' did n't kiss each other in an empty bedroom . 
 `` just a friend '' would n't make my stomach squirm in weird , fluttery ways when he came through a door . 
 was this love , this strange , confusing swirl of emotion ? 
 i did n't have the same intense feelings for puck that i did for ash , but i did feel something for him . 
 i could n't deny that anymore . 
 i swallowed . 
 `` puck is ... '' i tried again . 
 `` is what ? '' 
 i spun around . 
 puck stood in the doorway , a rather dangerous smile on his face , watching us with narrowed green eyes . '' 
 ... talking to the nurse , '' i said faintly , as ash released my hand and turned his face away . 
 puck stared at me , hard and uncomfortable , as if he knew what i was thinking . 
 `` nurse wants to talk to you , '' he said at last , turning away . 
 `` says to leave his royal iciness alone so he can sleep . 
 better go see what she has to say , princess , before she starts throwing her coffee mug . '' 
 i glanced down at ash , but his eyes were closed and he was n't looking at me . 
 a little apprehensive , i approached the kitchen , where the nurse sat at the table with a steaming mug of what was probably coffee , since the whole room smelled like it . 
 the nurse glanced up and waved me to the opposite chair . 
 `` sit down , miss chase . '' 
 i did . 
 puck joined us , plunking into the seat beside me , munching an apple he 'd gotten from who knew where . 
 `` robin tells me you 're going on a dangerous mission after this , '' she began , cupping her withered hands around the mug , staring into the coffee . 
 `` he would n't give me details , but that 's why you need the winter prince healthy , so he can help you . 
 is that right ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` the problem is , if you go through with this plan , you 'll almost certainly kill him . '' 
 i jerked up . 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 `` he is very sick , miss chase . '' 
 she glared at me over the rim of her mug , steam writhing off her glasses . 
 `` i was n't joking when i said he 'll be weak . 
 the iron was in his system too long . '' 
 `` is n't there anything else you can do ? '' 
 `` me ? 
 no . 
 he needs the glamour of his own realm to heal , so his body can throw off the sickness . 
 barring that - '' she took a sip of coffee '' - if you could find a great influx of human emotion , in large quantities , that might help him . 
 at the very least , he could begin to recover . '' 
 `` lots of glamour ? '' 
 i thought a moment . 
 where would there be a lot of crazy , unrestrained human emotion ? 
 a concert or a club would be perfect , but we had no tickets , and i was underage for most clubs . 
 but , as grimalkin had taught me , that was n't a problem when you could conjure money from leaves and a valid license from a blockbuster card . 
 `` puck-think you can sneak us into a club tonight ? '' 
 he snorted . 
 `` i can sneak us into anything , princess . 
 who do you think you 're talking to ? '' 
 he snapped his fingers , grinning . 
 `` we can pay a visit to blue chaos again , that 'll be fun . '' 
 the nurse blinked . 
 `` blue chaos is owned by a winter sidhe who employs redcaps and is rumored to have an ogre in the basement . '' 
 she sighed . 
 `` wait . 
 if you insist on doing this , i 've a better idea , one not so ... insane . '' 
 she looked caught between reluctance and resignation as she turned to me . 
 `` the winter formal is tonight at your old school , miss chase . 
 if there is one place that is sure to have an overabundance of emotionally charged , hormonal teenagers , that would be it . '' 
 `` the winter formal ? 
 tonight ? '' 
 my stomach fluttered . 
 going back to my school would mean facing my former classmates , and all the gossip , rumors and stories that followed . 
 i would have to wear a fancy dress in front of everyone , maybe even dance , and they would all snicker and laugh and whisper behind my back . 
 think of an excuse , meghan , quick . 
 `` how will we get in ? 
 i have n't been to school in forever , and they 're likely to be monitoring the tickets to make sure only students attend . '' 
 puck snorted . 
 `` please . 
 how many of these things do you think i 've crashed ? 
 tickets ? '' 
 he sneered . 
 `` we do n't need no stinkin ' tickets . '' 
 the nurse shot puck an annoyed look and turned to me . 
 `` your parents called off the investigation for you a few months ago , miss chase , '' she said solemnly . 
 `` i believe the excuse your mother used was that you had come home and that they sent you away to a boarding school out of state . 
 i 'm not sure what she told your father - '' `` stepfather , '' i muttered automatically . '' 
 - but no one has been looking for you for a while , '' the nurse finished , as if i had n't said anything . 
 `` your appearance might seem odd at first , but i 'm sure robin can fix it so you are n't conspicuous . 
 either way , i doubt anyone will remember you . '' 
 i was n't sure about that . 
 `` what about a dress ? '' 
 i argued , still determined to find a loophole . 
 `` i do n't have anything to wear . '' 
 this time , i received scornful looks from both the nurse and puck . 
 `` we can get you a dress , princess , '' puck scoffed . 
 `` hell , i can glamour you a dress made of diamonds and butterflies , if you want . '' 
 `` that 's a little extravagant , do n't you think , robin ? '' 
 the nurse shook her head at him . 
 `` do not worry , miss chase , '' she told me . 
 `` i have friends who can help us in that regard . 
 you will have a beautiful dress for the formal , i promise you that . '' 
 well , that would be a nice sentiment , if i was n't absolutely terrified . 
 i tried again . 
 `` the school is forty-five minutes away , '' i pointed out , `` and i do n't have a license . 
 how will we get there ? '' 
 `` i have a trod that leads directly to my office in the school , '' the nurse replied , crushing that hope . 
 `` we can be there in seconds , and you wo n't miss a thing . '' 
 damn . 
 i was fast running out of excuses . 
 desperately , i played my last card . 
 `` what about ash ? 
 should we move him this soon ? 
 what if he does n't want to go ? '' 
 `` i 'll go . '' 
 we all whirled around . 
 ash stood in the doorway , leaning against the frame , looking exhausted but a little better than before . 
 his skin had lost the gray pallor , and the wounds across his face and arms were not as striking . 
 he did n't look good , by any means , but at least he was n't at death 's door . 
 ash clenched a fist in front of his face , then let it drop . 
 `` i ca n't fight like this , '' he said . 
 `` i 'd be a liability , and our chances of getting the scepter will diminish . 
 if there 's a chance for me to shake this off , i 'll take it . '' 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 he looked at me , and that faint , familiar smile crossed his lips . 
 `` i have to be on top of my game if i 'm going to kill things for you , right ? '' 
 `` what you need , '' the nurse replied , stalking toward him with a steely glint in her eye , `` is to go back to bed . 
 i did not spend the last few hours stitching you back together for you to fall apart because you refused to stay down . 
 go on , now . 
 back to bed ! '' 
 he looked vaguely amused , but let himself be herded back into the room , and the nurse shut the door firmly behind him . 
 `` bullheaded youngsters , '' she sighed . 
 `` think they 're damned invincible . '' 
 puck snickered , which was the wrong thing to do . 
 she whirled around . 
 `` oh , you think it 's funny , do you , goodfellow ? '' 
 she snapped , and puck winced . 
 `` i happened to notice your shoulder does n't look well at all . 
 in fact , it 's bleeding all over my clean floor . 
 i believe it needs stitches . 
 follow me , please . '' 
 `` it 's only a flesh wound , '' puck said , and the nurse 's gaze darkened . 
 stalking back across the floor , she grabbed him by one long ear and pulled him out of the chair . 
 `` ow ! 
 hey ! 
 ow ! 
 okay , okay , i 'm coming ! 
 jeez . '' 
 `` miss chase , '' the nurse snapped , and i jerked to attention . 
 `` while i 'm fixing up this idiot , i want you to get some sleep . 
 you look exhausted . 
 use the empty cot in the patient room , and tell amano that if he bothers you , i 'll break his other leg . 
 after i 'm done with robin , i 'll come by with something for your throat . '' 
 doubts still nagged at me , but i nodded . 
 finding the empty cot , i lay down , ignoring the satyr who invited me to share his `` much softer bed . '' 
 i 'll just lie down for a minute , i thought , turning my back on amano . 
 just for a minute , and then i 'll check on ash . 
 `` come on , you sleeping beauty . 
 we 've got a ball to attend . '' 
 i woke up , embarrassed and confused , staring around blearily . 
 the room was dark ; candles flickered erratically , and mushrooms on the walls glowed with a soft yellow luminance . 
 puck stood over me , grinning as usual , the light casting weird , fluttering shadows over his face . 
 `` come on , princess . 
 you slept all day and missed the fun . 
 our lovely nurse got a few of her friends together to make you a dress . 
 they refuse to show it to me , of course , so you have to march in there and come out wearing it . '' 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 i muttered , before i remembered . 
 the winter formal ! 
 i was supposed to show up at my old school after being gone for so long , and face all my former classmates . 
 there would be pointing and rumors and whispers behind my back , and my stomach clenched at the thought . 
 but there was no going back now . 
 if we were going to get the scepter , ash needed to heal , which meant i had to endure the humiliation and just get on with it . 
 i trailed puck out of the room , where the nurse was waiting for me in the hall , a small , pleased smile on her lips . 
 `` ah , there you are , miss chase . '' 
 `` how 's ash ? '' 
 i asked before she could say anything else . 
 with a snort , the nurse turned and beckoned me to follow . 
 `` the same , '' she replied , leading me down the hall . 
 we passed ash 's room , the door tightly closed , and continued without pausing . 
 `` the stubborn fool is walking now , and even challenged robin to a sparring match this afternoon . 
 i stopped them , of course , though robin was only too happy to fight him , the idiot . '' 
 `` hey , '' puck said behind us . 
 `` i 'm not the one who offered . 
 i was just doing the guy a favor . '' 
 the nurse whirled and fixed him with a gimlet eye . 
 `` you - '' she began , then threw her hands up . 
 `` go get ready , idiot . 
 you 've been hovering at the door like a lost puppy all day . 
 tell the prince we 'll be leaving as soon as miss chase is ready . 
 now , get . '' 
 puck retreated , grinning , and the nurse sighed . 
 `` those two , '' she muttered . 
 `` they 're either best friends or darkest enemies , i ca n't tell which . 
 come with me , miss chase . '' 
 she pushed open another door and stepped through , and i followed , ducking my head . 
 we entered a small room with shelves and potted plants encircling the walls , and a sharp , almost medicinal tang filled the room , as if i had wandered into someone 's herb garden . 
 which , i guess , i had . 
 two other gnomes , as shriveled and wrinkly as the nurse , looked up from three-legged stools and waved cheerfully . 
 my breath caught . 
 they were working on a dress so gorgeous my mind stumbled to a halt for a moment . 
 a floor-length , blue satin gown hung from a mannequin in the center of the room , rippling like water in the sun . 
 the bodice was embroidered with silvery designs and glittering ribbons of pure light , and a gauzy blue shawl had been draped over the nak * d shoulders , so sheer that it was almost invisible . 
 a sparkling diamond choker encircled the mannequin 's neck , sending prisms of fragmented light across the walls . 
 the entire outfit was dazzling . 
 i swallowed . 
 `` is that ... for me ? '' 
 one of the other gnomes , a short man with a nose like a potato , laughed . 
 `` well , the prince certainly is n't going to wear it . '' 
 `` it 's beautiful . '' 
 the gnomes preened . 
 `` our ancestors were shoemakers , but we 've learned to sew a few other things , as well . 
 this weave is stronger than normal glamour , and wo n't fray if you happen to touch anything made of iron . 
 now , come try it on . '' 
 it fit perfectly , sliding over my skin as if made for me . 
 i caught a shimmer of glamour out of the corner of my eye as i pulled it on , and deliberately ignored it . 
 if this dress was put together with leaves , moss and spider silk , i did n't want to know . 
 when i was done , i raised my arms and turned around for inspection . 
 the tailor gnomes clapped like happy seals , and the nurse nodded approvingly . 
 `` take a look at yourself , '' she murmured , making a spinning motion with her finger . 
 i turned to see myself in the floor-length mirror that appeared out of nowhere , and blinked in surprise . 
 not only was the dress perfect , but my hair was styled into complex curls , my face lightly touched with makeup , making me look older than before . 
 and , whether it was part of the dress 's glamour or the nurse 's doing , i looked human again , without the pointed ears and huge , unnatural eyes . 
 i looked like a normal teenager , ready for prom . 
 illusion , i knew , but it still startled me a moment , this tall , elegant stranger in the mirror . 
 `` the boys wo n't be able to keep their eyes off her , '' a gnome sighed , and all my fears came rushing back . 
 fancy dress or no , i was still me , the invisible swamp girl of albany high . 
 nothing would change that . 
 `` come , '' the nurse said , putting a shriveled hand on mine . 
 `` it 's almost time . '' 
 back we went , through the door into the central room , where a handsome boy in a classic black tuxedo waited for us . 
 i gasped when i saw it was puck . 
 his crimson hair had been spiked up so it did n't look quite as disheveled , and his shoulders filled out the jacket he wore . 
 i had n't realized how fit he was . 
 his green eyes raked me up and down , very , very briefly before returning to my face , and he smiled . 
 not teasing or sarcastic , but a pure , genuine smile . 
 `` humph , '' said the nurse , not nearly as shocked as me . 
 `` i guess you can clean up when you want to , robin . '' 
 `` i try . '' 
 puck , looking very human now , crossed the room and reached for my hand , slipping a white corsage onto my wrist . 
 `` you look gorgeous , princess . '' 
 `` thanks , '' i whispered . 
 `` you look nice , yourself . '' 
 `` nervous ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i nodded . 
 `` a little . 
 what will i say if someone asks me where i 've been ? 
 how will i explain what i 've done all year , especially after i come waltzing in like nothing has happened ? 
 what about you ? '' 
 i looked up at him . 
 `` wo n't they wonder where you 've been all this time ? '' 
 `` not me . '' 
 puck 's normal grin came flashing back . 
 `` i 've been gone too long-long enough for anyone to forget that i ever went to high school . 
 the most i 'll get is a vague recollection , like deja vu , but no one will really recognize me . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` one of the perks of being me . '' 
 `` lucky you , '' i muttered . 
 `` are we ready ? '' 
 the nurse asked , suddenly appearing in her human mien , a short , stout woman in a white lab coat , with lined brown skin and the same gold glasses on the end of her nose . 
 `` and if you 're wondering , yes , i am coming with you , '' she announced , peering at us over her glasses , `` just to make sure my patient does n't push himself so hard he collapses . 
 so , are we done here ? '' 
 `` we 're still waiting for ash . '' 
 `` not anymore , '' she replied , gazing over my shoulder . 
 i turned slowly , heart pounding against my ribs , not knowing what to expect . 
 for a moment , my mind went completely blank . 
 i 'd daydreamed about ash in a tuxedo , silly fantasies that crossed my mind every so often , but the image in my head was as far removed as a house cat was to a jaguar . 
 his tuxedo was n't black , but a dazzling , spotless white , the open jacket showing a white vest and an icy blue tie beneath . 
 his cuff links , the silk handkerchief in his breast pocket , and the glittering stud in his ear were the same icy color . 
 everything else was white , even his shoes , but instead of appearing ghostly or faded , he filled the room with presence , a royal among commoners . 
 he stood in the doorway with his hands in his pockets , the picture of nonchalance , and even as a human , he was too gorgeous for words . 
 his dark hair had been combed back , falling softly around his face , and his mercury eyes , though they should 've seemed pale against all the white , glimmered more brightly than anything . 
 and they were fixed solely on me . 
 i was unable to move or make a sound . 
 if my knees had n't already been locked , i would 've been a satiny blue puddle on the floor . 
 ash 's gaze held mine ; his eyes did n't stray from my face , but i felt him looking at all of me , taking me in as surely as puck had scanned the length of my dress in a glance . 
 i could n't stop staring back . 
 everything around me-noise , colors , people-faded into the ether , losing all relevance and meaning , until it was only me and ash in the entire world . 
 then someone took my elbow , and my heart jolted back to normal . 
 `` okay , '' puck said a little too loudly , steering me away , `` the gang 's all here . 
 are we going to this party , or not ? '' 
 ash walked up beside me . 
 he made no noise , but i could feel his presence as surely as my own . 
 he did n't offer his arm or make any move to touch me , but my nerves buzzed and my skin tingled , just with him standing there . 
 i caught a hint of frost and the strange , sharp smell that was uniquely him , and the memory of our first dance together came rushing back . 
 i did n't miss the subtle look that passed between ash and puck , either . 
 ash kept his expression carefully blank , but puck 's mouth twitched in a faint smirk-one of his dangerous ones-and his eyes narrowed a fraction . 
 the nurse must 've seen it , too , for she clapped her hands briskly , and i jumped about three feet in the air . 
 `` may i remind you three , '' she stated in a no-nonsense voice , `` that even though this is a party , we are there for a specific reason . 
 we are not there to spike the punch , seduce the humans , glamour the food , challenge the males to a fight , or do anything pertaining to mischief . 
 is that understood ? '' 
 she shot a piercing glare at puck when she said this , and he pointed to himself with wide-eyed , who , me ? 
 look . 
 it did not amuse her . 
 `` i will be watching you , '' she warned , and even though she was barely four feet tall , white-haired , and shriveled like a prune , she made the threat sound ominous . 
 `` do try to behave yourselves . '' 
 chapter twenty-one the winter formal it was an eerie feeling , walking the hallways of my school after being gone for so long . 
 dozens of memories floated through my head as we passed once-familiar landmarks : mr. delany 's classroom where i 'd sat behind scott waldron in classic lit , the bathrooms i 'd spent a lot of time in , crying , the cafeteria where robbie and i had always eaten together at the last table in the corner . 
 so much had changed since then . 
 the school seemed different somehow , less real than before . 
 or maybe i was the one who had changed . 
 clusters of blue and white balloons led the way to the gym , light and music pouring out from the double doors and windows . 
 my stomach started turning nervous backflips the closer we got , especially when the doors swung open and two students walked out , holding hands and giggling . 
 the boy pulled his date to him for a long , tongue-swabbing kiss , before they broke apart and began creeping behind the building . 
 `` mmm , smell the lust , '' puck muttered beside me . 
 the nurse snorted . 
 `` they 're not supposed to leave the gym without supervision , '' she growled , putting her hands on her hips . 
 `` where are the chaperones ? 
 i suppose i 'll have to deal with this . 
 you three , behave . '' 
 she stalked away , virtually bristling with indignation , following the pair around the gym and into the shadows . 
 the coast was clear . 
 swallowing my nervousness , i looked back at the boys to see if they were ready . 
 puck grinned at me , eager as always , mischief written plainly on his face . 
 ash regarded me with a solemn expression . 
 he looked stronger already , his eyes bright , the cuts healed to just faint , thin scars across his cheeks . 
 our gazes met , and the depth of emotion smoldering within left me breathless . 
 `` how do you feel ? '' 
 i asked , to hide the longing i knew must show on my face . 
 `` is this helping at all ? 
 are you getting better ? '' 
 he smiled , very faintly . 
 `` save me a dance , '' he murmured . 
 and then we were moving toward the gym . 
 the music grew louder and the din of voices echoed beyond the walls . 
 puck and ash each pushed open a door , and we swept through into another world . 
 the gym had been decorated with more blue and white balloons , crepe paper , and glittering foam snowflakes , though we never saw snow in louisiana . 
 we passed the ticket booth with a group of teens clustered around it , either buying tickets or waiting in line . 
 no one seemed to notice us as we swept by , but my stomach lurched as i caught sight of a familiar figure , smiling as she handed tickets to another well-dressed couple . 
 angie the ex-cheerleader stood behind the table , minus the huge pig nose puck had given her last year in a vengeful prank . 
 she seemed perfectly happy , smiling and nodding as if she did this kind of work every day . 
 i tried to catch her eye as we passed , but her attention was on the line in front of her and the moment was gone . 
 beyond the ticket booth , blue and white tables lined one side of the room ; only a few people sat there , the unfortunate ones who could n't get a date but did n't want to miss the formal just because they were single . 
 where i would be , i thought , if i had n't been pulled into faery . 
 or , more than likely , i would n't have been here in the first place . 
 i 'd have been home , with a movie and a half-pint of ice cream . 
 the room 's other half was a sea of swirling gowns and tuxedos . 
 couples swayed to the music , some dancing casually with their partners , some so welded together you 'd need a crowbar to pry them apart . 
 scott waldron , my old crush , had his arms around a stick-thin blonde i recognized as one of the cheerleaders , his hands sliding below her waist to fondle her rear . 
 i watched them dance , their hands roaming all over each other , and felt nothing . 
 and then the murmurs began , starting from the table where the dateless sat , spreading to the dance floor and the corners of the room . 
 people were staring at us , shooting furtive glances over their dates ' shoulders , heads bent low to whisper to each other . 
 my face burned and my steps faltered , wanting to beat a hasty retreat from the room to the nearest bathroom stall . 
 mr. delany , my old english teacher , looked up from where he stood guard over the punch bowl and frowned . 
 breaking away from the table , he strode toward us , squinting through his thick glasses . 
 my heart pounded , and i turned to puck in a panic . 
 `` mr. delany is coming toward us ! '' 
 i hissed . 
 puck blinked and looked over my shoulder . 
 `` huh , it is old delany . 
 jeez , he 's gotten fat . 
 hey , remember the time i put itching powder in his toupee ? '' 
 he sighed dreamily . 
 `` that was a good day . '' 
 `` puck ! '' 
 i glared at him . 
 `` help me out here ! 
 what do i say ? 
 he knows i have n't been in school for months ! '' 
 `` excuse me , '' mr. delany said , right behind me , and my heart nearly stopped . 
 `` is that ... meghan chase ? '' 
 i turned to him with a sickly smile . 
 `` it is you . 
 i thought so . '' 
 he gaped at me . 
 `` what are you doing here ? 
 your mother told us you were at a boarding school in maine . '' 
 so that 's where i 've been all this time . 
 nice cover , mom . 
 `` i 'm ... uh ... home for christmas vacation , '' i answered , saying the first thing that came to mind . 
 `` and i wanted to see my old school one more time before i went back . '' 
 mr. delany frowned . 
 `` but , christmas vacation was several ... '' he trailed off suddenly , a glazed look coming over his face . 
 `` christmas vacation , '' he murmured . 
 `` of course . 
 how lovely for you . 
 will you be coming back next year ? '' 
 `` um . '' 
 i blinked at his sudden change of mood . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 maybe ? 
 there 's still a lot of things to work out . '' 
 `` i see . 
 well , it was nice to see you , meghan . 
 enjoy the dance . '' 
 `` see you , mr. delany . '' 
 as he wandered back toward the punch bowl , i breathed a sigh of relief . 
 `` that was a close one . 
 nice save , puck . '' 
 `` huh ? '' 
 puck frowned at me . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` the charm spell ? '' 
 i lowered my voice to a whisper . 
 `` come on , you did n't cast that ? '' 
 `` not me , princess . 
 i was about to turn his wig into a ferret , but then he went all sleepy-eyed before i could pull it off . '' 
 puck sighed , gazing at the retreating english teacher in disappointment . 
 `` pity , really . 
 that would 've livened up the party . 
 there 's so much glamour here , it 's a shame not to use it . '' 
 i looked over his shoulder . 
 `` ash ? '' 
 the winter prince gave me a faint smile . 
 `` subtlety has never been goodfellow 's forte , '' he murmured , ignoring puck 's scowl . 
 `` we 're not here to cause a riot . 
 and human emotions have always been easy to manipulate . '' 
 like mine were ? 
 i wondered as we continued across the gym floor . 
 did you just cast a charm spell to manipulate my emotions , like rowan tried to do ? 
 are my feelings for you real , or some sort of fabricated glamour ? 
 and do i even care if they are ? 
 at the tables , puck stepped in front of me and bowed . 
 `` princess , '' he said formally , though his eyes were twinkling as he held out a hand . 
 `` may i have the honor of the first dance ? '' 
 `` um . '' 
 for a moment , i balked at the idea , on the verge of telling puck that i could n't dance . 
 but then i felt ash 's gaze , reminding me of a moonlit grove and swirling around the dance floor with the unseelie prince as scores of faeries looked on . 
 you 're oberon 's blood , his deep voice murmured in my head . 
 of course you can dance . 
 besides , puck was n't exactly giving me a choice . 
 taking my hand , he led me toward the floor . 
 i glanced at ash in apology , but the prince had moved to a dark corner and was leaning against the wall , looking out over the sea of faces . 
 and then we were dancing . 
 puck danced very well , though i do n't know why this surprised me . 
 he probably had loads of experience . 
 i stumbled a few times at first , then closed my eyes and imagined my first dance with ash . 
 stop thinking , ash had told me that night as we swirled across the floor in front of several dozen fey . 
 the audience does n't matter . 
 the steps do n't matter . 
 just close your eyes and listen to the music . 
 i remembered that dance , the way i 'd felt with him , and the steps came easily once more . 
 puck gave a soft chuckle . 
 `` okaaaay , '' he murmured as we spun around the room , `` i seem to remember a certain someone swearing that she could n't dance at all . 
 obviously i must 've been with her twin sister , because i was expecting you to step on my toes all night . 
 been taking lessons , princess ? '' 
 `` oh ... um . 
 i sort of picked it up while i was in the nevernever . '' 
 not entirely a lie . 
 as we moved around the dance floor , i caught glimpses of ash , standing alone in the corner with his hands in his pockets . 
 it was too dark to see the emotion on his face , but his gaze never left us . 
 then puck pulled me into a twirl , and i lost sight of him for a moment . 
 the next time i glanced in ash 's direction , he was n't alone . 
 three girls , one of them the skinny blonde who had been melded to scott a few minutes ago , had trapped him and were very obviously flirting . 
 smiling coyly , they oozed close , flipping their hair and giving him sultry looks from beneath their lashes . 
 my hand fisted on puck 's lapel . 
 it took all my willpower not to stomp over and tell them to back the hell off , but what right did i have ? 
 ash was n't mine . 
 i did n't have any claim to him . 
 besides , he would probably just ignore them , or tell them to go away . 
 but when i peeked at the corner again , i saw ash smiling at the girls , achingly handsome and charming , and my stomach roiled . 
 he was flirting with them . 
 the song came to an end and puck drew back , frowning slightly , as though he knew my heart was n't in it anymore . 
 i fanned myself with both hands , feigning breathlessness , but really drying the tears that stung my eyes . 
 ash was still there in the corner , chuckling at something one of the girls had said . 
 my throat closed up , and my chest felt tight . 
 `` you okay , princess ? '' 
 i wrenched my gaze from ash and the girls , swallowing hard . 
 `` a little hot , '' i confessed , smiling as we edged our way off the dance floor , back to the tables . 
 `` and maybe a little dizzy . '' 
 puck chuckled , his old self again , and pulled out a chair for me . 
 `` sorry . 
 i just have that effect on people . '' 
 i smacked his stomach with the back of my hand as i sat down , and he grinned . 
 `` hang on . 
 i 'll get you something to drink . '' 
 he vanished into the crowd , making his way toward the refreshment table at the far wall . 
 i hoped he would n't spike the punch with something that would turn everyone into frogs . 
 sighing at the thought , i let my gaze wander around the gym , deliberately keeping it from straying to the far corner . 
 `` hey . '' 
 a body moved across my vision , blocking my view . 
 a wide-shouldered body , in a perfectly tailored black tux . 
 i glanced up past the vest and lapels and bow tie , and met scott waldron 's smiling gaze . 
 `` hi , '' he greeted cheerfully , as my stomach did a backflip . 
 was i seeing this right ? 
 was scott waldron , football jock extraordinaire , talking to me ? 
 or was this another of his tricks , meant to embarrass and humiliate me , just like last time ? 
 i had to admit , he was still really cute-wide shoulders , wavy blond hair , adorable smile-but the memory of the entire cafeteria , roaring with laughter at my expense dampened my enthusiasm a bit . 
 he would n't play me like that , ever again . 
 `` uh , hi , '' i returned cautiously . 
 `` i 'm scott , '' he went on in the confident , self-assured way of someone who was used to being admired . 
 `` i have n't seen you around school before . 
 you must go somewhere else , right ? 
 i 'm the varsity quarterback for albany high . '' 
 he did n't even recognize me . 
 i did n't know whether to be relieved or annoyed . 
 would he be talking to me now if he knew who i was ? 
 would he remember the shy , geeky swamp girl who 'd crushed on him for two years and waited by his locker every day just to watch him pass her in the hall ? 
 did he ever regret the horrible prank he 'd pulled all those months ago ? 
 `` you wan na dance ? '' 
 he asked , holding out his big , football-callused hand . 
 i glanced toward the drinks table to see that puck had been cornered by the nurse , who , from his half annoyed , half contrite expression , appeared to have caught him doing some kind of mischief . 
 probably spiking the punch , exactly as i 'd feared . 
 a high-pitched giggle came from the corner i was n't looking at , and my stomach turned . 
 `` sure , '' i answered , putting my hand in his . 
 if he heard the bitterness in my voice , he did n't let on as we swept out to the dance floor . 
 scott put his hands very low on my waist as we swayed to the music , standing closer than i was really comfortable with , but i did n't protest . 
 here i was , me , meghan chase , dancing with the esteemed golden boy of albany high . 
 i tried to be excited ; a year ago , i would 've given anything for scott to look at me and smile . 
 had he asked me to dance , i probably would have fainted . 
 but now , feeling his hands on my hips , seeing his face not six inches from mine , i thought only that scott seemed very young . 
 still handsome and charming , there was no mistaking that , but the intense fluttery feeling i used to get whenever i looked at him was gone . 
 `` so , '' scott murmured , running his hands up my back . 
 i shifted uncomfortably , but at least they did n't slide in the opposite direction . 
 `` did i mention i 'm the varsity quarterback already ? '' 
 `` you did . '' 
 i smiled at him . 
 `` oh , right . '' 
 he grinned back , wrapping a curl of my hair around his finger . 
 `` well , have you ever been to any of my games ? '' 
 `` a few . '' 
 `` yeah ? 
 pretty impressive , huh ? 
 think we have a chance to make nationals this year ? '' 
 `` i really do n't know much about football , '' i admitted , hoping he would drop the subject . 
 apparently , it was the wrong thing to say . 
 he immediately launched into a full explanation of the sport , citing all the games he 'd won , his teammate 's flaws and shortcomings , and all the years he 'd carried the team to victory . 
 that led to his plans for college , how he 'd gotten a scholarship to louisiana state , how he 'd been voted most likely to succeed , and the brand-new mustang his dad bought him just because he was so proud . 
 i plastered a smile to my face , made appropriate noises of appreciation , and tried not to let my eyes glaze over . 
 `` hey , '' he said at last , as i secretly hoped he was wrapping up , `` you wan na get out of here ? 
 i 'm meeting a bunch of people at brody 's house later-his old man is out of town , and there 's gon na be a party after the dance . 
 wan na come ? '' 
 another shock . 
 scott was inviting me to a cool kids ' party , where there would be drinking , drugs and other activities parents frowned upon . 
 for just a moment , i felt a twinge of regret . 
 the one night i got invited to a party would be the one night i could n't go . 
 `` i ca n't , '' i told him . 
 `` i 'm sorry , i have other plans tonight . '' 
 he pouted . 
 `` really ? '' 
 he said , and his hands slid past my hips , definitely farther than i was comfortable with . 
 `` you ca n't break them , even for me ? '' 
 i stiffened , and he actually seemed to get the hint , sliding them back into neutral territory . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i said again . 
 `` but i really ca n't . 
 not tonight . '' 
 he sighed in genuine regret . 
 `` all right , mystery girl , break my heart . '' 
 taking my hand , he pressed it to his chest and gave me a coy , little-boy smile . 
 `` but at least let me call you this weekend . 
 what 's your name ? '' 
 and there it was . 
 i could tell him . 
 i could tell him , and watch the smile fade from his lips as he realized whom he 'd been seducing so earnestly . 
 watch that cocky grin turn to horror and disbelief , and maybe just a little regret . 
 i wanted to see regret . 
 he deserved it , after what he 'd done to me . 
 i just had to say two words , two simple words , meghan chase , and the golden boy of albany high would be laid lower than the bottom of my heels . 
 all i had to do was say my name . 
 i sighed , softly patted his chest , and whispered , `` let 's keep it a mystery , okay ? '' 
 `` uh ... '' the grin faltered , and he blinked , looking so confused that i almost laughed out loud . 
 `` okay . 
 but ... how will i get in touch with you ? 
 how will i know who to call ? '' 
 `` excuse me . '' 
 my stomach fluttered . 
 i felt the smile stretching my face even before we turned around , though i tried to look severe and angry . 
 it was no use . 
 ash stood there under the dim lights , solemn and beautiful as he extended his hand to me . 
 `` may i cut in ? '' 
 knowing scott , i expected him to refuse , to tell the competition to back off . 
 but perhaps he was still off balance , or maybe it was something in the prince 's steady gaze that made him take a step back . 
 still looking a bit confused , like he did n't know what had just happened , he wandered off the dance floor and into the crowd . 
 and i suddenly had the feeling that would be the last time i ever saw scott waldron . 
 i suppose i should 've been happy , but all i felt was relief that he was gone . 
 ash smiled at me , and i forgot to be angry , forgot to be distant and coy and aloof as i 'd planned . 
 instead , i took his hand and let him draw me close , breathed in the frosty scent of him , and was whisked away to our first dance under the stars , the first time i held his hand , looked into his eyes , and was completely lost . 
 dancing with ash was exactly how i remembered it . 
 the song was slow and sweet , so we swayed back and forth , barely moving , but the look on his face , the feel of his hand on mine , was all heart-achingly familiar . 
 i laid my head on his chest and closed my eyes , content to touch him , to listen to his heartbeat . 
 he sighed and rested his chin atop my head , and for a moment , neither of us spoke ; we just swayed to the music . 
 until i decided to be an idiot and open my mouth . 
 `` so , you seemed to be enjoying yourself back there . '' 
 i could n't keep the accusation from my voice , even though i hated myself for sounding like a freaky-possessive girlfriend . 
 `` those girls found you very interesting , i suppose . 
 what were you talking about ? '' 
 he chuckled , sending a tingle down my spine . 
 he laughed so infrequently , and it was a deep , marvelous sound when he did . 
 `` they invited me to a party after the dance , '' he murmured , pulling back to look at me directly . 
 `` i told them i was already with someone , so they spent the next few minutes trying to convince me to ... ditch ? 
 ... whomever i was with and join them . 
 it was a rather interesting conversation . '' 
 `` you could 've just told them to go away . '' 
 i 'd seen that cold , do n't - botherme-or-i 'll - kill-you glare . 
 no one in their right mind would continue pestering the ice prince once that chilling gaze was turned on them . 
 `` that would n't have been very gentlemanly . '' 
 ash sounded amused . 
 `` and it was advantageous for me to have them stay . 
 there was enough glamour in that one corner to choke a dragon . 
 is n't that why we 're here ? '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 relief and embarrassment colored my face . 
 `` right . 
 it is . 
 i just thought ... never mind . 
 i 'll shut up now . '' 
 ash looked down at me , cocking his head with a puzzled frown . 
 `` what exactly are you accusing me of , meghan chase ? '' 
 `` i was n't accusing . '' 
 i hid my face in his shirt , mumbling through the cool fabric . 
 `` i just thought ... with how easy it is to manipulate human emotions ... that you , i do n't know . 
 might find something more interesting than me . '' 
 wow , that had come out stupid and psycho possessive . 
 my face burned even more . 
 i kept my head down so he would n't see my crimson cheeks , and i would n't have to see his reaction either . 
 `` ah . '' 
 ash brushed my cheek with the back of his hand , catching a loose strand of hair between his fingers . 
 `` i 've seen thousands of mortal girls , '' he said softly , `` more than you could ever count , from all corners of your world . 
 to me , they 're all the same . '' 
 his finger slid below my chin , tilting my head up . 
 `` they see only this outer shell , not who i really am , beneath . 
 you have . 
 you 've seen me without the glamour and the illusions , even the ones i show my family , the farce i maintain just to survive . 
 you 've seen who i really am , and yet , you 're still here . '' 
 he brushed his thumb over my skin , leaving a trail of icy heat . 
 `` you 're here , and the only dance i want is this one . '' 
 my heart skipped a beat . 
 his nearness was overwhelming , his face and lips just inches away . 
 we stared at each other , and i could see the hunger in his eyes . 
 i trembled in anticipation , my lips aching to touch his , but a flicker of regret crossed his face and he silently drew back , ending the moment . 
 sighing , i laid my head against his shirt , my entire being buzzing with thwarted hope , a heavy disappointment settling in my chest . 
 i heard his heart thudding against my cheek , and felt him tremble , too . 
 `` since we 're on the subject , '' ash murmured after a few minutes of silent dancing , as our hearts and minds composed themselves , `` you never answered my question . '' 
 he sounded uncharacteristically unsure . 
 i shifted in his arms and looked up , meeting his gaze . 
 `` what question ? '' 
 his eyes were deep gray in the dim light . 
 glamour shimmered around him , heavy in the air and in the dreams of those around us . 
 for just a moment , the illusion of the human boy dancing with me wavered , revealing an unearthly faery with silver eyes , glamour pouring off of him in waves . 
 compared to the suddenly plain human dancers surrounding us , his beauty was almost painful . 
 `` do you love him ? '' 
 my breath caught . 
 for the barest of seconds , i thought he meant scott , but of course that was n't right . 
 there was only one person he could mean . 
 almost against my will , i glanced behind me , through the swaying crowd of dancers , to where puck stood at the edge of the light . 
 his arms were crossed , and he was watching us with narrowed green eyes . 
 my heart skipped a beat . 
 i turned back , feeling ash 's gaze on me , my mind spinning several directions at once . 
 tell him no , it whispered . 
 tell him puck is just a friend . 
 that you do n't feel anything for him . 
 `` i do n't know , '' i whispered miserably . 
 ash did n't say anything . 
 i heard him sigh , and his arms tightened around me , pulling us closer together . 
 we fell silent again , lost in our own thoughts . 
 i closed my eyes , wanting time to freeze , wanting to forget about the scepter and the faery courts and make this night last forever . 
 but of course , it ended much too soon . 
 as the last strains of music shivered across the gym floor , ash lowered his head , his lips grazing my ear . 
 `` we have company , '' he murmured , his breath cool on my skin . 
 i opened my eyes and looked around , peering through the heavy glamour for invisible enemies . 
 a pair of slitted golden orbs stared at me from a table , floating in midair above the flowery centerpiece . 
 i blinked , and grimalkin appeared , bushy tail curled around himself , watching me . 
 no one else in the room seemed to notice a large gray cat sitting in the middle of the table ; they moved around and past him without a single glance . 
 puck met us at the edge of the dance floor , indicating he 'd seen grimalkin too . 
 casually , we walked up to the table , where grimalkin had moved on to grooming a hind leg . 
 he glanced up lazily as we approached . 
 `` hello , prince , '' he purred , regarding ash through half-lidded eyes . 
 `` nice to see you are not evil ... well ... you know . 
 i assume you are here for the scepter , as well ? '' 
 `` among other things . '' 
 ash 's voice was cold ; fury rippled below the surface , and the air around him turned chilly . 
 i shivered . 
 he did n't just want the scepter ; he was out for revenge . 
 `` did you find anything , grim ? '' 
 i asked , hoping the other students would n't notice the sudden drop in temperature . 
 grimalkin sneezed once and stood , waving his tail . 
 his gold eyes were suddenly serious . 
 `` i think you had best see this for yourself , '' he replied . 
 leaping off the table , he slipped through the crowds and out the door . 
 i took one last look around the gym , at my old classmates and teachers , feeling a twinge of sadness . 
 i 'd probably never see them again . 
 then puck caught my gaze with his encouraging smile , and we followed grimalkin out the doors into the night . 
 outside , it was bitingly cold . 
 i shivered in my thin gown , wondering if ash 's mood could spread to the entire district . 
 ahead of us , grimalkin slipped around a corner like a furry ghost , barely visible in the shadows . 
 we followed him down the corridors , past numerous classrooms , and into the parking lot , where he stopped at the edge of the sidewalk , gazing out over the blacktop . 
 `` oh , my god , '' i whispered . 
 the entire lot-pavement , cars , the old yellow bus in the distance-was covered with a fine sheeting of white powder that sparkled under the moonlight . 
 `` no way . 
 is that ... snow ? '' 
 i bent and scooped up a handful of the white drifts . 
 wet , cold and crumbly . 
 it could n't be anything else . 
 `` what 's going on ? 
 it never snows here . '' 
 `` the balance is off , '' ash said grimly , gazing around the alien landscape . 
 `` winter is supposed to hold the power right now , but with the scepter gone , the natural cycle is thrown off . 
 so you get events like this . '' 
 he gestured to the snowy parking lot . 
 `` it will only get worse , unfortunately . '' 
 `` we have to get the scepter back now , '' i said , looking down at grimalkin . 
 he gazed back calmly , as if snow in louisiana was perfectly normal . 
 `` grim , did you and ironhorse find anything yet ? '' 
 the cat made a great show of licking his front paw . 
 `` perhaps . '' 
 i wondered if ash and puck ever felt the urge to strangle him . 
 apparently , i was n't asking the right questions . 
 `` what did you find ? '' 
 puck asked , and grimalkin finally looked up . 
 `` maybe the scepter . 
 maybe nothing . '' 
 he flicked his paw several times before continuing . 
 `` but ... there is a rumor on the streets of a great gathering of iron fey in a factory in downtown san jose . 
 we located it , and it looks abandoned , so perhaps virus has not gathered her army yet . '' 
 `` where 's ironhorse ? '' 
 i asked . 
 ash narrowed his eyes . 
 `` i left him at the factory , '' grimalkin said . 
 `` he was ready to charge in , but i convinced him i would return with you and goodfellow . 
 he is still there , for all i know . '' 
 `` you left him alone ? '' 
 `` is that not what i just said , human ? '' 
 grimalkin narrowed his eyes at me , and i gave the boys a panicked look . 
 `` i suggest you hurry , '' he purred , looking out over the parking lot . 
 `` not only is virus gathering a great army of iron fey , but i do not think ironhorse will wait very long . 
 he seemed rather eager to charge in by himself . '' 
 `` let 's go , '' i said , glancing at ash and puck . 
 `` ash , are you all right for this ? 
 will you be able to fight ? '' 
 he regarded me solemnly and made a quick gesture with his hand . 
 the glamour fell away , the tuxedo dissolving into mist , as the human boy disappeared and the unseelie prince took his place , his black coat swirling around him . 
 i looked back at puck and saw his tux replaced with his normal green hoodie . 
 he gave me a once-over and grinned . 
 `` not exactly dressed for battle , are you , princess ? '' 
 i looked down at my gorgeous dress , feeling a pang of regret that it would probably be ruined before the night was out . 
 `` i do n't suppose i have time to change , '' i sighed . 
 `` no . '' 
 grimalkin twitched an ear . 
 `` you do not . '' 
 he shook his head and glanced skyward . 
 `` what time is it ? '' 
 `` um ... i do n't know . '' 
 i 'd long given up wearing a watch . 
 `` almost midnight , i think . 
 why ? '' 
 he appeared to smile , which was rather eerie . 
 `` just sit tight , human . 
 they will be here soon . '' 
 `` what are you talking ... '' i trailed off as a cold wind whipped across the parking lot , swirling the snow into eddies , making them dance and sparkle over the drifts . 
 the branches rattled , an unearthly wailing rising over the wind and trees . 
 i shivered , and saw ash close his eyes . 
 `` you called them , caith sith ? '' 
 `` they owed me a favor , '' grimalkin purred , as puck glanced nervously at the sky . 
 `` we do not have the time to locate a trod , and this is the fastest way to travel from here . 
 deal with it . '' 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 i asked , as both ash and puck moved closer , tense and protective . 
 `` who 'd he call ? 
 what 's coming ? '' 
 `` the host , '' ash murmured darkly . 
 `` what ... '' but at that moment i heard a great rushing noise , like thousands of leaves rustling in the wind . 
 i looked up and saw a ragged cloud moving toward us at a frightening speed , blotting out the sky and stars . 
 `` hang on , '' puck said , and grabbed my hand . 
 the black mass rushed toward us , screaming with a hundred voices . 
 i saw dozens of faces , eyes , open mouths , before it was upon us , and i cringed back in fear . 
 cold , cold fingers snatched at me , bearing me up . 
 my feet left the ground in a rush , and i was hurtling skyward , a shriek lodging in my throat . 
 icy wind surrounded me , tearing at my hair and clothes , numbing me to all feeling except a small spot of warmth where puck still held my hand . 
 i closed my eyes , tightening my grip as the host bore us away into the night . 
 chapter twenty-two ironhorse 's choice i do n't know how long the host carried us through the sky , screeching and wailing in their unearthly voices . 
 i do n't know if they had trods that let them move between worlds , if they could bend space and time , or if they just flew really , really fast . 
 but what should have been hours felt like only minutes before my feet hit solid ground and i was falling forward . 
 puck 's grip on me tightened , jerking me to a halt before i could fall over . 
 i clutched his arm to regain my balance , looking around dizzily . 
 we stood on the outskirts of an enormous factory . 
 across a bright parking lot , lit with neat rows of glowing streetlamps , a huge glass , steel and cement monstrosity loomed at the edge of the pavement . 
 though the lot was empty , the building itself did n't look damaged in any way : no smashed windows , no graffiti streaking the sides . 
 i caught glimpses of things moving along the walls , flashes of blue light , like erratic fireflies . 
 a moment later , i realized they were gremlins-hundreds , if not thousands of them-scuttling over the factory like ants . 
 the blue lights were the glow of their fangs , hissing , shrieking and baring teeth at each other . 
 a chill ran through me , and i shivered . 
 `` a gremlin nest , '' grimalkin mused , watching the swarm curiously . 
 `` leanansidhe said the gremlins congregate in places that have a lot of technology . 
 it makes sense virus would come here , too . '' 
 `` i know this place , '' ash said suddenly , and we all looked at him . 
 he was gazing at the plant with a small frown on his face . 
 `` i remember virus talking about it when i. . . 
 when i was with her . '' 
 the frown grew deeper , and a shadow crept over his face . 
 he shook it off . 
 `` there 's supposed to be a trod to the iron kingdom inside . '' 
 puck nudged my arm and pointed . 
 `` look at that . '' 
 i followed his finger to a sign at the front of the building , one of those big marble slabs with giant glowing words carved into it . 
 `` scicorp enterprises , '' i muttered , shaking my head . 
 `` coincidence ? '' 
 puck waggled his eyebrows . 
 `` i think not . '' 
 `` where 's ironhorse ? '' 
 i asked , looking around . 
 `` this way , '' grimalkin said , trotting along the edge of the parking lot . 
 we followed , the boys slightly blurred at the edges , telling me they were invisible to humans , and me in my very conspicuous prom dress and heels that were so not useful for raiding a giant factory , or even walking down a sidewalk . 
 to my right , cars zoomed past us on the street ; a few slowed down to honk at me or whistle , and my cheeks burned . 
 i wished i could glamour myself invisible , or at least have had time to change into something less cumbersome . 
 grimalkin led us around the factory , skirting the edges of the sidewalk , to a drainage ditch that separated one lot from the other . 
 at the bottom of the ditch , oily black water pooled from a massive storm drain , trickling through the weeds and grass . 
 bottles and cans littered the ground , glinting in the moonlight , but there was no sign of ironhorse . 
 `` i left him right here , '' grimalkin said . 
 looking around briefly , he leaped to a dry rock and began shaking his paws , one by one . 
 `` we appear to be too late . 
 it seems our impatient friend has already gone inside . '' 
 a deep snort cut through the air before i could panic . 
 `` how foolish do you think i am ? '' 
 ironhorse rumbled , bending low to clear the rim of the pipe . 
 he was in his more human form , as there was no way he could have fit his real body inside . 
 `` there was a patrol coming , and i was forced to hide . 
 i do not break the promises i give . '' 
 he glared at grimalkin , but the cat only yawned and started washing his tail . 
 ash stiffened , and his hand went casually to his sword hilt . 
 i did n't blame him . 
 barring his brief stint with virus , the last ash had seen of ironhorse , he was dragging us to machina in chains . 
 of course , ironhorse was wearing a different form now , but you had only to look closely to see the huge , black iron monster that lurked beneath the surface . 
 i switched to the problem at hand , not oblivious to the dark look he was receiving from ash . 
 `` we 're sure virus is in there ? '' 
 i asked , subtly moving between them . 
 `` so , how are we going to get inside , especially with the gremlins crawling all over the building ? '' 
 ironhorse snorted . 
 `` the gremlins will not bother us , princess . 
 they are simple creatures . 
 they live for chaos and destruction , but they are cowardly and will not attack a powerful opponent . '' 
 `` i 'm afraid i have to disagree , '' ash said , a dangerous edge to his voice now . 
 `` you yourself lead an army of gremlins in machina 's realm , or have you forgotten ? 
 they do n't attack powerful opponents ? 
 i seem to recall a wave of them trying to tear me apart in the mines . '' 
 `` that 's right , '' i echoed , frowning . 
 `` and what about the time the gremlins kidnapped me and hauled me off to meet you ? 
 do n't tell me the gremlins are n't dangerous . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 ironhorse shook his head . 
 `` let me clarify . 
 both times , the gremlins were under machina 's command . 
 lord machina was the only one who could control them , the only one they ever listened to . 
 when he died , they reverted to their normal , feral state . 
 they are no threat to us , now . '' 
 `` what about virus ? '' 
 puck asked . 
 `` virus sees them as vermin . 
 even if she could control them , she would rather let her drones do the work than stoop to dealing with animals . '' 
 `` well , this should be easy , then . '' 
 puck smirked . 
 `` we 'll just stroll in the front door , waltz up to virus , grab the scepter , have some tea and save the world before breakfast . 
 silly me , thinking it would be hard . '' 
 `` what i think puck is trying to say , '' i said , shooting puck a frown , `` is-what will we do about virus when we find her ? 
 she 's got the scepter . 
 is n't it supposed to be powerful ? '' 
 `` do n't worry about that . '' 
 ash 's voice raised the hairs on my neck . 
 `` i 'll take care of virus . '' 
 puck rolled his eyes . 
 `` very nice , prince cheerful , but there is one problem . 
 we have to get inside first . 
 how do you propose we do that ? '' 
 `` you 're the expert . '' 
 ash glanced at puck , and his mouth twitched into a smirk of his own . 
 `` you tell me . '' 
 grimalkin sighed and rose , his tail lashing his flanks . 
 `` the hope of the nevernever , '' he said , eyeing each of us disdainfully . 
 `` wait here . 
 i will check the place out . '' 
 he had n't been gone long when puck stiffened and ash jerked up , his hand going to his sword . 
 `` someone 's coming , '' he warned , and we scrambled into the ditch , my gown catching on weeds and jagged pieces of glass . 
 sloshing into the pipe , i grimaced as the cold , filthy water soaked my shoes and dress . 
 at this rate , it would n't survive the night . 
 two figures marched past our hiding spot , dressed in familiar black armor with spines growing from the shoulders and back . 
 the faint smell of rot and putrefying flesh drifted into the tube at their passing . 
 i stifled a cough and put my hand over my nose . 
 `` rowan 's thornguards , '' ash murmured grimly as the pair moved on . 
 frowning , puck peeked over his shoulder . 
 `` wonder how many are in there ? '' 
 `` i 'd guess a few squads at least , '' ash replied . 
 `` i imagine rowan wanted to send his best to take over the realm . '' 
 `` you are right , '' grimalkin said , suddenly materializing beside us . 
 he perched on a cinder block so as not to touch the water , keeping his tail straight up . 
 `` there are many thornguards inside , along with several iron fey and a few dozen human drones . 
 and gremlins , of course . 
 the factory is crawling with them , but no one seems to pay them much attention . '' 
 `` did you see virus or the scepter ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` no . '' 
 grimalkin sat down , curling his tail tightly around his feet . 
 `` however , there are two thornguards stationed at a back door who will not let anyone past . '' 
 at virus 's name , ash narrowed his eyes . 
 `` can we fight our way through ? '' 
 `` i would not advise it , '' grimalkin replied . 
 `` it appears some of them are using iron weapons-steel swords and crossbows with iron bolts and such . 
 it would only take one well-placed shot to kill you . '' 
 puck frowned . 
 `` fey using iron weapons ? 
 you think virus has them all bugged ? '' 
 `` something far worse , i 'm afraid . '' 
 ash 's face was like stone as he stared at the factory . 
 `` i was forced into service . 
 virus did n't give me a choice . 
 the thornguards are acting on their own . 
 like rowan . 
 they want to destroy the nevernever and give it to the iron fey . '' 
 puck 's eyebrows shot up . 
 `` the hell ? 
 why ? '' 
 `` because they think they can become like virus , '' i replied , thinking back to what edgebriar had said , remembering the crazed , doomed look in his eye . 
 `` they believe it 's only a matter of time before faery fades away entirely . 
 so the only way to survive is to become like the iron fey . 
 they wear a metal ring beneath their gloves to prove their loyalty , and because they think it will make them immune to the effects . 
 but it 's just killing them slowly . '' 
 `` huh . 
 well , that 's ... absolutely horrifying . '' 
 puck shook his head in disbelief . 
 `` still , we have to get in there somehow , iron weapons or no . 
 can we glamour ourselves to look like them ? '' 
 `` it wo n't hold up against all the iron , '' ash muttered , deep in thought . 
 `` i might have a better idea , '' grimalkin said . 
 `` there are several glass skylights on the roof of the factory . 
 you could map the layout of the building from there , maybe even see where virus is . '' 
 that sounded like a good idea . 
 but ... `` how do we get up there ? '' 
 i asked , staring at the looming glass-and-metal wall of the factory . 
 `` puck can fly , and i 'm sure ash can get up there , but ironhorse and i are a little more earthbound . '' 
 grimalkin nodded sagely . 
 `` normally , i would agree . 
 but tonight , it seems the fates are on our side . 
 there is a window cleaner 's platform on the far side of the building . '' 
 even with ironhorse 's assurance that the gremlins would n't bother us , we approached with extreme caution . 
 the memory of being kidnapped by the gremlins , their sharp claws digging into my skin , their freaky , maniacal laughter and buzzing voices , still burned hot in my mind . 
 one had even lived in my ipod before it was broken , and machina had used it to communicate with me even within the borders of arcadia . 
 gremlins were sneaky , evil , little monsters , and i did n't trust them one bit . 
 fortunately , our luck seemed to hold as we made our way around the back of the factory . 
 a small platform hovered over the ground , attached to a pulley system that climbed all the way up to the roof . 
 the wall was dark , and the gremlins were absent , at least for now . 
 grimalkin hopped lightly onto the wooden platform , followed by ash and puck , being careful not to touch the iron railings . 
 ash pulled me up after him , and then ironhorse clambered aboard . 
 the wooden planks creaked horribly and bent in the middle , but thankfully held firm . 
 i prayed the entire thing would n't snap like a matchstick when we were three stories in the air . 
 puck and ironhorse each grabbed a rope and began drawing the platform up the side of the building . 
 the dark , mirrored walls reflected a strange party back at us : a cat , two elf-boys , a girl in a slightly tattered gown , and a monstrous black man with glowing red eyes . 
 i contemplated how strange my life had become , but was interrupted by a soft hiss overhead . 
 a gremlin crouched on the pulleys near the top of the roof , slanted eyes glowing in the dark . 
 spindly and long limbed , with huge batlike ears , it flashed me its razor-blue grin and let out a buzzing cry . 
 instantly , gremlins started appearing from everywhere , crawling out of windows , scuttling along the walls , swarming over the roof to peer at us . 
 a few even clung to the pulley ropes or perched on the railings , staring at us with their eerie green gaze . 
 ash pulled me close , his sword bared to slash at any gremlin who ventured near , but the tiny iron fey did n't make any move to attack . 
 their buzzing voices filled the air , like radio static , and their vivid grins surrounded us with a blue glow as we continued to inch up the wall , unhindered . 
 `` what are they doing ? '' 
 i whispered , pressing closer to ash . 
 he held me protectively with one arm , his sword between us and the gremlins . 
 `` why are they just staring at us ? 
 what do they want ? 
 ironhorse ? '' 
 the lieutenant shook his head . 
 `` i do not know , princess , '' he replied , sounding as mystified as i felt . 
 `` i have never seen them act in this manner before . '' 
 `` well , tell them to go away . 
 they 're creeping me out . '' 
 a buzz went through the gremlins surrounding us , and the swarm began to clear . 
 crawling back along the walls , they disappeared through the windows , squeezed into the cracks or scrambled back over the roof . 
 as suddenly as they 'd appeared , the gremlins vanished , and the wall was dark and silent again . 
 `` okay . '' 
 puck cast wary looks all around us . 
 `` that was ... weird . 
 did someone release gremlin repellant ? 
 did they just get bored ? '' 
 ash sheathed his sword and released me . 
 `` maybe we scared them off . '' 
 `` maybe , '' i said , but ironhorse was staring at me , his crimson eyes unfathomable . 
 grimalkin reappeared , scratching his ear as if nothing had happened . 
 `` it does not matter now , '' he said , as the platform scraped up against the roof . 
 `` they are gone , and the scepter is close . '' 
 he yawned and blinked up at us . 
 `` well ? 
 are you just going to stand there and hope it flies into your hands ? '' 
 we crowded off the platform onto the roof of the factory . 
 the wind was stronger here , tugging at my hair and making my gown snap like a sail . 
 i held on to ash as we made our way across the roof . 
 far below and all around us , the city sprawled out like a glittering carpet of stars . 
 several raised glass skylights sat in the middle of the roof , emitting a fluorescent green glow . 
 cautiously , i edged up to one and peered down . 
 `` there , '' ash muttered , pointing to a mezzanine twenty or so feet above the floor , and maybe thirty feet below us . 
 through the glass , i could pick out a blur of poison-green amid the stark grays and whites , surrounded by several faeries in black armor . 
 virus walked to the edge of the overhang and gazed out over a crowd of assembled fey , ready to give a speech , i supposed . 
 i saw thornguards and wiremen and a few green-skinned men in business suits , along with several fey i did n't recognize . 
 the scepter pulsed yellow-green in virus 's hands as she swept it over her head , and a muffled roar went through the crowd . 
 `` okay , so we found her , '' puck mused , pressing his nose against the glass . 
 `` and it looks like she has n't gathered her whole army quite yet , which is nice . 
 so , how do we get to her ? '' 
 ash made a quiet noise and drew back . 
 `` you do n't , '' he muttered . 
 `` i will . '' 
 he turned to face me . 
 `` for all she knows , i 'm still under her control . 
 if i can get close enough to grab the scepter before she figures out what happened - '' `` ash , no . 
 that 's way too dangerous . '' 
 he gave me a patient look . 
 `` anything we try will be dangerous . 
 i 'm willing to take that risk . '' 
 his hand came up , fingers brushing the spot where puck had stabbed him . 
 `` i 'm still not completely recovered . 
 i wo n't be able to fight as well as i normally do . 
 hopefully , i can fool virus long enough to get the scepter from her . '' 
 `` and then what ? '' 
 i demanded . 
 `` fight your way out ? 
 against those masses ? 
 and virus ? 
 what if she knows you do n't have the bug anymore ? 
 you ca n't expect to - '' i stopped , staring at him , as something clicked in my head . 
 `` this is n't about getting the scepter , is it ? '' 
 i murmured , and he looked away . 
 `` this is about killing virus . 
 you 're hoping to get close enough to stab her or cut off her head or whatever , and you do n't care what happens next . '' 
 `` what she did to me was bad enough . '' 
 ash 's silver eyes glittered as he turned back , cold as the moon overhead . 
 `` what she made me do , i will never forgive . 
 if i am discovered , i will at least create a big enough distraction for you to slip in and grab the scepter . '' 
 `` you could die ! '' 
 `` it does n't matter now . '' 
 `` it does to me . '' 
 i stared at him in horror . 
 he really meant it . 
 `` ash , you ca n't go down there alone . 
 i do n't know where this fatalistic crap is coming from , but you can stop it right now . 
 i 'm not going to lose you again . '' 
 `` she is right . '' 
 we looked up . 
 ironhorse stood on the other side of the glass , watching us . 
 his eyes glowed red in the darkness . 
 `` it is too dangerous . 
 for you . '' 
 i frowned . 
 `` what are you talking - '' `` princess . '' 
 abruptly , he bowed . 
 `` it has been an honor . 
 were things different , i would gladly serve you until the end of time . '' 
 he looked to ash and nodded , as it suddenly dawned on me what he was implying . 
 `` she thinks the world of you , prince . 
 protect her with your life . '' 
 `` ironhorse , do n't you dare ! '' 
 he whirled and took off , oblivious to my cries for him to stop . 
 my heart clenched as he approached the second skylight , and i watched helplessly as he gathered himself and jumped ... the glass exploded as he crashed into it , shattering into a million sparkling pieces . 
 gasping , i looked through the skylight to see the glittering shards rain down on the crowd below . 
 screaming and snarling , they looked up , covering their eyes and faces as the massive iron horse smashed into their midst with a boom that shook the building . 
 roaring , ironhorse reared up , blasting flame from his nostrils , steel hooves flailing in deadly arcs . 
 the room erupted into chaos . 
 once they recovered from their shock , thornguards and wiremen surged forward to attack , flinging themselves at ironhorse , ripping and clawing . 
 `` we have to get down there ! '' 
 i cried , rushing toward the broken skylight only to have ash catch my arm . 
 `` not that way , '' he said , pulling me back to the unbroken window . 
 `` the distraction has already been launched . 
 we can not help him now . 
 our target is virus and the scepter . 
 you should stay here , meghan . 
 you have no magic and - '' i yanked my arm from his grip . 
 `` you did not just bring that excuse up again ! '' 
 i snarled , and he blinked in surprise . 
 i glared at him . 
 `` remember what happened the last time you went off without me ? 
 get this through your stubborn head , ash . 
 i 'm not staying behind and that 's final . '' 
 one corner of his mouth twitched , just a little . 
 `` as you wish , princess '' he said , and glanced at puck , who was leering at us both . 
 `` goodfellow , are you ready ? '' 
 puck nodded and leaped onto the skylight . 
 i scowled at them both and clambered onto the glass , ignoring puck 's hand to help me up . 
 `` how do you expect us to get down there ? '' 
 i demanded as i clawed myself upright . 
 `` go right through the window ? '' 
 puck snickered . 
 `` glass is a funny thing , princess . 
 why do you think ancient people put salt along windowsills to keep us out ? '' 
 i looked down and saw virus directly below us , shouting and waving the scepter above her head , her attention riveted on the battle and ironhorse . 
 ash leaped onto the skylight , drawing his sword as he did . 
 `` look after meghan , '' he said , as glamour began shimmering around both him and puck . 
 `` i 'll take care of virus . '' 
 `` what - ? '' 
 i started , but puck suddenly swept me into his arms . 
 i was so surprised i did n't have time to protest . 
 `` hold on tight , princess , '' he murmured , as a shimmer went through the air around us , and we dropped straight through the glass like it was n't there . 
 we plummeted toward the overhang , a shriek escaping my throat , but it was swallowed up in the chaos between ironhorse and the rest of the fey . 
 ash dropped toward virus like an avenging angel , his coat flapping in the wind , sword bared and gleaming as he raised it over his head . 
 at the last moment , one of the thornguards surrounding virus glanced up , and his eyes got huge . 
 drawing his sword , he gave a shout of warning , and amazingly , virus whirled and looked up . 
 ash 's blade slashed down in a streak of blue and met the scepter of the seasons as virus swept it up to block him . 
 there was a flash of blue and green light and a hideous screech that echoed through the room and caused every eye to turn to the pair on the overhang . 
 sparks flew between the ice blade and the scepter , bathing the combatants ' faces in flickering lights . 
 virus looked rather shocked to be facing her former soldier ; ash 's mouth was tight with concentration as he bore down on her with his sword . 
 puck set me down-i did n't even remember landing-and leaped between the thornguards as they rushed up with drawn swords . 
 grinning , he threw himself at the guards , daggers flashing in the hellish light coming from ash 's blade and the scepter . 
 then virus started to laugh . 
 i felt a surge of cold iron glamour , and she shoved ash away , pushing him back in a flash of green . 
 he recovered immediately , but before he could rush her again , virus retreated , stepping off the mezzanine to float several feet in the air . 
 her poisonous green eyes found me and she smiled . 
 `` well . '' 
 she sniffed and cast bemused glances at the chaos spread at her feet . 
 ironhorse , surrounded by iron fey , still kicked and raged at them , though his struggles were growing weaker . 
 more thornguards came rushing up the steps , but these held crossbows with iron bolts , pointed right at us . 
 ash and puck drew back so that they were standing between me and the guards , who had us surrounded in a bristly black ring . 
 `` meghan chase . 
 you are full of surprises , are n't you ? '' 
 virus smiled at me . 
 `` i 've no idea how you managed to free the winter prince from my bug , but it does n't matter now . 
 the armies of the false king are ready to march on summer and winter . 
 once they have taken the nevernever and killed off the oldblood rulers , it will be our turn . 
 we will overrun their armies and kill the false king before he has a chance to savor his victory . 
 then , the nevernever will belong to m - '' she did n't have a chance to finish . 
 ash drew back and hurled a flurry of ice daggers at her face , taking her by surprise . 
 she flinched , holding up the scepter ; there was a flash of green light and a surge of power . 
 the icicles shattered , bursting apart before they reached her . 
 with angry shouts , the crossbow men released their quarrels even as virus screamed at them to stop . 
 the deadly storm of iron bolts flew toward us . 
 i could feel them sailing through the air , matrix style , leaving distorted ripples in their wake . 
 without thinking , i turned and flung out my hand . 
 i did n't think how crazy it was , that at such close range the bolts would rip right through me like i was paper . 
 that we would all most certainly die , peppered by lethal darts that could kill even if they were n't made of iron . 
 i was n't thinking of anything as i spun and gestured sharply , feeling a surge of electricity beneath my skin . 
 a ripple went through the air . 
 the bolts flew to either side of us , thunking into the walls and pinging off metal beams to clatter to the floor . 
 i heard iron fey shriek as they were hit , but not one of the half-dozen bolts touched us . 
 the thornguards gaped . 
 ash and puck stared at me as if i had grown another head . 
 i shivered violently , trembling from the strange cold glamour that writhed under my skin and buzzed in my ears . 
 `` impossible . '' 
 virus spun slowly to face me , her face draining of color . 
 she shook her head , as if trying to convince herself . 
 `` you can not be the one . 
 a weakling human girl ? 
 you 're not even one of us . 
 it 's a mistake , it must be ! '' 
 i had no idea what she was talking about , but it did n't seem to matter . 
 virus started to giggle , sticking a green-tinted nail in her mouth , her laughter growing louder and more hysterical , until she stopped and glared at me with wide , crazy eyes . 
 `` no ! '' 
 she screamed , making even the thornguards flinch . 
 `` it is n't right ! 
 i was his second ! 
 his power should have been mine ! '' 
 her mouth opened , gaping impossibly wide , and the thornguards backed away . 
 heart pounding , i pressed close to ash and puck , feeling their grim determination , their resolve to go down fighting no matter what . 
 the air started to vibrate , a terrible buzzing filling the air , and virus threw her head back . 
 with the droning of a million bees , a huge swarm of metal bugs spiraled up from virus 's mouth , swirling around her in a frantic glittering cloud . 
 her smile was savage as she looked down at us , extending a hand from the center of the buzzing tornado . 
 `` now , my dears , '' she said , barely audible over the droning of a thousand bugs , `` we will end this little game once and for all . 
 i should have done this when i first saw you , but i had no idea you were the one i was searching for all along . '' 
 everything grew very still . 
 the cold glamour still buzzed beneath my skin , and i could taste metal on the air . 
 i looked at the swarm and saw thousands of individual bugs , but also a single creature sharing one mind , one goal , one purpose . 
 a hive mind , i thought impassively , not knowing why i felt so calm . 
 control one , and you control them all . 
 vaguely , i was aware that virus was speaking , her voice seeming to come from very far away . 
 `` go , '' she screamed , sweeping her arm toward us . 
 `` crawl down their throats and nostrils , into their eyes and ears and every open pore . 
 burrow into their brains and make them tear out their own hearts ! '' 
 the swarm flew toward us , a furious , buzzing cloud . 
 ash and puck pressed close ; i felt one of them shaking but could n't tell who . 
 a droning filled my ears as the swarm approached , glowing bright with iron glamour , melded into a single massive entity . 
 one mind . 
 one creature . 
 i threw up both my hands as the swarm dove forward to attack , stop ! 
 the swarm broke apart , swirling around us , filling the air with their deafening buzz . 
 but they did n't attack . 
 we stood in the middle of the screaming hurricane , metal bugs zipping around us frantically but moving no closer . 
 i felt the swarm straining against my will , fighting to get past it . 
 i saw virus 's face , first slack with disbelief , then white with fury . 
 she made a violent gesture , and the swarm buzzed angrily in response . 
 i strengthened my hold , pouring magic into the invisible barrier , drawing glamour from the factory . 
 my head pounded , and sweat ran into my eyes , but i could n't break my concentration or we 'd be torn apart . 
 virus smiled nastily . 
 `` i have underestimated you , meghan chase , '' she said , rising higher into the air . 
 `` i did not think you would force me to use the scepter , but there you go . 
 do you know what this does , my dear ? '' 
 she asked , holding it out before her . 
 ash looked up sharply . 
 `` it took me forever to puzzle it out , but i finally got it . '' 
 she grinned , triumphant . 
 `` it enhances the power of the one who holds it . 
 is n't that interesting ? 
 so , for instance , i could make my darling bugs do this ... '' the scepter glowed a sickly green , and in that light , the swarm started to change . 
 they swelled like ticks full of blood , becoming sharp and spiky , with long stingers and huge curved jaws . 
 now they were the size of my fist , a horrible cross between a wasp and a scorpion , and their wings scraped against each other like a million knives . 
 and their minds changed , to something more savage , more visceral and predatory . 
 i nearly lost my hold on them , and the whirlwind tightened , pressing closer to us , before i regained control and pushed them back . 
 buzzing furiously , they turned on whatever living thing they could reach , including the guards surrounding us . 
 the thornguards screamed , reeling back and clawing at themselves as the metal bugs swarmed over them , biting and stinging , burrowing into their armor . 
 virus giggled madly overhead . 
 `` kill them ! '' 
 she cried , as several bugs chewed their way into their victims , who fell thrashing and screaming to the ground . 
 my stomach heaved , but i could n't look away for fear of losing control of the swarm . 
 i did n't know what virus thought she was doing until a moment later , when the thornguards lurched to their feet again , crazed gleams in their eyes . 
 raising their swords , they staggered toward us , blood pouring from their wounds and the holes in their armor , their eyes empty of reason . 
 ash and puck met them at the edge of the whirlwind , and the clash of weapons joined the metallic drone of the swarm . 
 we were lost . 
 i could n't keep this up forever . 
 my head throbbed so much that i felt nauseous , and my arms were shaking violently . 
 i could feel my strength draining with the amount of glamour i was using to keep the swarm at bay . 
 out of the corner of my eye , i saw a thornguard , covered in bugs , stagger to the edge of the platform and pick up a crossbow . 
 raising it up , he loaded an iron bolt and swung it around at me . 
 i could n't move . 
 if i dodged , the swarm would break free and kill us . 
 puck and ash were busy fighting off the other guards and could n't help . 
 i could n't even shout a warning . 
 in slow motion , i watched him raise the crossbow , unhindered , and take aim . 
 later , i remembered the clanging footsteps charging up the steps only because they seemed so out of place . 
 i saw puck whirl around , saw his dagger whip out and soar end over end toward the thornguard , just as he pulled the trigger . 
 the dagger thunked into the guard 's chest , hurling him off the mezzanine , but it was too late . 
 the bolt was coming toward me , and i could n't do anything about it . 
 something huge and black lunged across my vision a split second before the bolt hit home . 
 ironhorse , covered in bugs and shedding chunks of iron everywhere , stumbled , fighting desperately to stay on his feet . 
 he staggered toward the edge of the overhang , shaking his head as bugs swarmed him viciously . 
 a hoof slipped off the edge , and he lurched sideways . 
 `` no ! '' 
 i screamed . 
 with a last defiant bellow and blast of flame , ironhorse toppled from the edge , vanishing from sight . 
 i heard his body strike the cement with a resounding boom that echoed through the building , and my vision went white with rage . 
 i arched my back , clenching my fists , and glamour rushed through me , exploding out in a wave . 
 `` get back ! '' 
 i roared at the swarm , at virus , at every iron faery in the room . 
 `` damn you all ! 
 back off , now ! '' 
 the swarm flew in every direction , scattering to all four corners of the room . 
 the thornguards flinched and stumbled backward ; some even fell off the edge of the railing . 
 even virus jerked in midair , reeling back like she had been sucker punched , her hands falling limply at her sides . 
 i slumped to the floor , all the strength going out of me . 
 as the swarm began coalescing again , buzzing angrily as they swarmed back together , and the thornguards regained their senses , virus put a hand to her temple and looked down at me , a smug grin stretching her blue lips . 
 `` well , meghan chase . 
 congratulations , you 've managed to give me a pounding headache . 
 but it is not enough to-aaaahhhhhh ! '' 
 she jerked , throwing up her hands as ash launched himself off the edge of the railing and leaped at her , sword raised high . 
 still screaming , she tried to bring up the scepter , too late . 
 the ice blade sliced down , through her collarbone and out the other side , cutting her clean in two . 
 if i was n't so dizzy , i might 've puked . 
 virus 's halves fell away , wires and oily goo spilling from her severed body as both she and ash dropped out of sight . 
 the thornguards spasmed , then collapsed like puppets with cut strings . 
 as i sat there , dazed by what had just happened , puck hauled me upright and dragged me under a beam . 
 then it started raining insects . 
 the clatter of metal bugs brought me back to my senses . 
 `` ash , '' i muttered , struggling to free myself . 
 puck wrapped his arms around me and held me to his chest . 
 `` i have to go to him ... see if he 's all right . '' 
 `` he 's fine , princess , '' puck snapped , tightening his grip . 
 `` relax . 
 he knows enough to get out of the rain . '' 
 i relented . 
 closing my eyes , i leaned into him , resting my head on his chest as the bugs clattered around us like glittering hail . 
 he hugged me close , muttering something about egyptian plagues , but i was n't listening . 
 my head hurt , and i was still trying to process everything that had just happened . 
 i was so tired , but at least it was over . 
 and we had survived . 
 or , most of us had . 
 `` ironhorse , '' i whispered as the rain of bugs finally came to an end . 
 i felt puck tense . 
 freeing myself from his arms , i stumbled across the mezzanine , taking care to avoid the dead bugs and thornguards , and groped my way down the stairs . 
 i did n't know what i 'd find , but i was hopeful . 
 ironhorse could n't be dead . 
 he was the strongest of us all . 
 he might be terribly hurt , and we 'd have to find someone to put him back together , but ironhorse was near invincible . 
 he had to have survived . 
 he had to . 
 i 'd almost convinced myself not to worry when ash stepped out from beneath the overhang and stood at the foot of the stairs , gazing up at me . 
 his sword was sheathed , and in one hand , the scepter of the seasons pulsed with a clean blue light . 
 for a long moment , we stared at each other , unwilling to break the silence , to voice what we both were thinking . 
 i wondered if ash would take the scepter and leave . 
 our contract was done . 
 he had what he came for ; there was no reason for him to stick around any longer . 
 `` so . '' 
 i broke the silence first , trying to quell the tremor in my voice , the stupid tears that pressed behind my eyes once more . 
 `` are you leaving now ? '' 
 `` soon . '' 
 his voice was calm but tired . 
 `` i 'll be returning to winter , but i thought i would pay my respects to the fallen before i go . '' 
 my stomach dropped . 
 i looked behind him and saw , for the first time , the pile of mangled iron in the shadows of the mezzanine . 
 with a gasp , i lurched down the rest of the stairs , pushed past ash , and half ran , half stumbled to where ironhorse lay surrounded by dead bugs and the smoking remains of virus . 
 `` ironhorse ? '' 
 for a split second , i thought i saw grimalkin there , sitting at his head . 
 but i blinked back tears and the image was gone . 
 ironhorse lay on his side , heaving with great raspy breaths , the fires in his belly burning low . 
 one of his legs was shattered , and huge chunks of his body had been ripped away . 
 pistons and gears were scattered around him like broken clockwork . 
 i knelt beside his head , putting a shaking hand on his neck . 
 it was cold , and his once burning red eyes were dim , flickering erratically . 
 at my touch , he stirred , but did n't raise his head or look at me . 
 i had a horrid suspicion he could n't see any of us . 
 `` princess ? '' 
 hearing his voice , so small and breathy , almost made me burst into tears . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , '' i whispered , feeling puck and ash press behind me , gazing over my shoulder . 
 `` no . '' 
 the red in his eyes dimmed to tiny pinpricks , and his voice dropped to a whisper . 
 i had to strain to hear him . 
 `` it was ... an honor ... '' he sighed one last time , as the tiny spots of light flickered once , twice . '' 
 ... my queen . '' 
 and he was gone . 
 i closed my eyes and let the tears come . 
 for ironhorse , who had never wavered , never once compromised his beliefs or convictions . 
 who had been an enemy , but chose to become an ally , a guardian and , ultimately , a friend . 
 i knelt on the cold tile and sobbed , unembarrassed , as puck and ash looked on gravely , until the faint rays of dawn began seeping through the broken skylights . 
 `` meghan . '' 
 ash 's quiet voice broke through my grieving . 
 `` we should go . '' 
 his tone was gentle but unrelenting . 
 `` the iron king 's army is ready to march . 
 we have to return the scepter . 
 there 's not much time left . '' 
 i sat up and wiped my eyes , cursing the damned faeries and their eternal war . 
 it seemed there was never enough time . 
 time to dance , or talk , or laugh , or even mourn the passing of a friend . 
 slipping off my corsage , i laid it on ironhorse 's cold metal shoulder , wanting him to have something natural and beautiful in this lifeless place . 
 goodbye , ironhorse . 
 ash held out a hand , and i let him pull me to my feet . 
 `` where to now ? '' 
 i sniffled . 
 `` the reaping fields , '' answered a familiar voice , and grimalkin appeared , perched several feet away on a cardboard box . 
 he gingerly batted a metal bug off the surface , where it pinged to the floor , before continuing . 
 `` all the major battles between the courts have been fought on those plains . 
 if i were looking for the armies of summer and winter , that is where i would go . '' 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i did not say i was sure , human . '' 
 grimalkin twitched his whiskers at me . 
 `` i only said that is where i would look . 
 also , i am not coming with you . '' 
 somehow , this did n't surprise me . 
 `` why not ? 
 where are you going this time ? '' 
 `` back to leanansidhe 's . '' 
 grimalkin yawned and stretched , arching his tail over his back . 
 `` now that we are done here , i will inform her that virus is dead , and that the scepter is on its way back to the winter court . 
 i am sure she will want to hear about your success . '' 
 the cat turned , waving his tail in farewell . 
 `` until next time , human . '' 
 `` grim , wait . '' 
 he paused , looking back with unblinking golden eyes . 
 `` what did ironhorse promise you , that made you come along ? '' 
 he flicked his tail . 
 `` it is not for you to know , human , '' he replied , his voice low and solemn . 
 `` perhaps you will find out , someday . 
 oh , and if you do make it to reaping field , look for a friend of mine . 
 he still owes me a favor . 
 i believe you have met him before . '' 
 and with that cryptic message , he leaped off the box and wove gracefully through the scattered hordes of fey and metal bugs . 
 trotting behind a beam , he disappeared . 
 i looked at the boys . 
 `` how will we get to reaping field ? '' 
 ash held up the scepter . 
 it throbbed with icy blue light , sparkling like it was made of crystal , as i 'd first seen it back in tir na nog . 
 `` i 'll use the scepter to open a trod , '' he murmured , turning away . 
 `` stand back . '' 
 the scepter flared , filling the room with cold , making my breath steam . 
 the air around us shimmered , as though a veil had been dropped over everything . 
 a hazy circle opened up in front of ash ; beyond it , i saw trees and earth and the foggy twilight of the wyldwood . 
 `` go , '' ash told us , his voice slightly strained . 
 `` come on , princess . 
 this is our stop . '' 
 puck gestured at the portal , waiting for me to go through . 
 i turned and cast one final look at ironhorse 's body , lying cold on the cement , and blinked back tears . 
 thank you , i told him silently , and stepped through the circle . 
 chapter twenty-three reaping fields the wyldwood was in chaos . 
 wind and hail whipped around me as i stumbled off the trod , screaming through the branches and pelting me with shards of ice . 
 green lightning streaked overhead , slashing through massive clouds that roiled and churned above us , shaking branches and stirring debris into violent whirlwinds . 
 gouts of snow intermingled with the rain , gathering in mounds and drifts and then scattered by the wind . 
 a violet-skinned piskie went hurtling by , caught in a savage tailspin , until she vanished into the trees . 
 `` dammit . '' 
 puck appeared behind me , crimson hair flying in all directions . 
 he had to shout to be heard . 
 `` they started the war without us . 
 i had an invitation , too . '' 
 ash stepped through the circle , and it closed behind him . 
 `` reaping field is close . '' 
 he raised his head to the wind , closing his eyes , and his brow furrowed . 
 `` the fighting is well underway . 
 i can smell the blood . 
 follow me . '' 
 we hurried through the forest , ash in front leading the way , the scepter a bright blue glow against the dark of the wyldwood . 
 around us , the storm raged and howled , and thunder boomed overhead , shaking the ground . 
 my shoes sank into the mud , and my gown snagged on a dozen thorns and branches that tore through the fabric and ripped what remained to shreds . 
 finally , the trees fell away , leaving us staring over a vast , icy gulley flanked by rugged hills , their tops disappearing into the clouds . 
 a frozen river snaked its way through the boulder-studded valley , coiling lazily around the ruins of an ancient castle in the center of the plains . 
 from here , the armies of summer and winter looked like swarming ants , a huge , chaotic blur of motion and color . 
 roars and screams filled the air , rising above the howl of the wind . 
 ranks of soldiers clashed against one another in a somewhat disciplined fashion , while other groups bounded across the field , ricocheting from one fight to the next , joyfully hurling themselves into the fray . 
 giant shapes lumbered through the masses , swinging and crushing , and swarms of flying creatures attacked from the air . 
 it was a colossal , violent , crazy free-for-all that would be suicide to go through . 
 i gulped and looked to ash and puck . 
 `` we 're going through that , are n't we ? '' 
 ash nodded . 
 `` look for oberon or mab , '' he said grimly , scanning the battlefield . 
 `` they 'll likely be on opposite sides of the river . 
 try not to engage anything , goodfellow . 
 we do n't want a fight-we just want to get the scepter to the queen . '' 
 `` do n't kid yourself , prince . '' 
 puck grinned and drew his daggers , pointing to ash with the tip . 
 `` you 're a traitor , meghan 's the summer princess , and i 'm robin goodfellow . 
 i 'm sure the ranks of unseelie will just let us waltz right through . '' 
 and then , a shadow fell over us , and a blast of wind nearly knocked me down . 
 ash shoved me away as a huge , winged lizard landed where i 'd stood in an explosion of snow and rock . 
 the creature hissed and shrieked , beating tattered wings and churning the ground with two clawed forelegs . 
 its scales were a dusty brown , its yellow eyes vicious and stupid . 
 a long , muscular tail whipped the air behind it , a wicked , gleaming barb on the end . 
 hissing , it stepped between me , ash and puck , separating us with its body , coiling its tail over its back like a massive scorpion . 
 a rider sat between the creature 's shoulder blades , his white armor pristine and shining , not a drop of blood on him . 
 `` rowan ! '' 
 i gasped . 
 `` well , well . '' 
 the older prince sneered at me from the back of his lizard mount . 
 `` here you are again . 
 the wayward princess and our traitor prince . 
 do n't move , ash , '' he warned , shooting his brother a dark look . 
 `` one tiny move , and thraxa will snap up your beloved half-breed faster than you can blink . 
 you do n't want to lose another girl to wyvern poison , do you ? '' 
 ash already had his sword out , but at rowan 's threat he paled and shot me a haunted look . 
 i saw the desperation in his eyes before he lowered his blade and stepped back . 
 `` good boy . 
 this will be over soon , do n't worry . '' 
 rowan raised his fist , and a dozen thornguards emerged from the trees , weapons drawn , trapping us between them and rowan . 
 `` it should n't be long now , '' the older prince smiled . 
 `` once the courts are done tearing each other to pieces , the iron king 's armies will sweep in , and everything will be over . 
 `` but first , '' he continued , turning to glare at ash , `` i 'll need that scepter . 
 hand it over , little brother . '' 
 ash tensed , but before he could do anything , puck stepped between us , an evil grin stretching his face . 
 `` come and get it , '' he challenged . 
 rowan looked over and sneered . 
 `` robin goodfellow , '' he smiled . 
 `` i 've heard so much about you . 
 you 're the reason ariella is dead , are n't you ? '' 
 puck frowned , but rowan went on without pause . 
 `` a pity ash wo n't ever take his revenge , but believe me when i say this will be a pleasure . 
 thraxa , '' he ordered , sweeping his arm contemptuously toward puck . 
 `` kill . '' 
 the wyvern hissed and snaked its head down , baring needle sharp fangs . 
 it was frighteningly quick , like a viper , and its jaws snapped shut over puck 's head . 
 i gasped , but puck exploded in a swirl of leaves , leaving the wyvern blinking and confused . 
 as it drew back , huffing and scanning the ground for its victim , a huge black raven swooped out of the trees , aiming right for its face . 
 with a screeching caw , the bird sank its talons into the side of the wyvern 's head and plunged its sharp beak into the slitted yellow eye . 
 the wyvern reared back with a scream , beating its wings and shaking its head , trying to dislodge the bird that clung to it . 
 rowan , nearly thrown from the saddle , cursed and yanked at the reins , trying to regain control , but the wyvern was panicked now , screeching and thrashing about in anguish . 
 i ducked beneath the monster and ran to ash , who caught me in an almost desperate hug , even as he kept his eyes on rowan . 
 i felt his heart racing beneath his coat . 
 the raven hung on , jabbing and clawing , until black ichor spattered the wyvern 's face and the eye was a popped , useless mess . 
 with a caw of triumph , it broke away and swooped back to us , changing to puck in an explosion of feathers . 
 he was still laughing as he rose to his feet , drawing his weapons with a flourish . 
 `` kill them ! '' 
 rowan screamed , as his mount decided it had had enough , and leaped skyward . 
 `` kill them all and get that scepter ! 
 do n't let them ruin everything ! '' 
 `` stay back , '' ash told me as the thornguards started forward , closing their deadly half circle . 
 there were a lot of them , seeming to melt out of the trees and bramble , more than i first thought . 
 my eyes fell on ash , holding both the scepter and his sword in a doubleweapon stance . 
 could i just take the scepter and run ? 
 i shot a quick glance down the slope , into the valley , and my heart went cold with fear . 
 no way . 
 there was no way i 'd get through that churning mass alive . 
 lightning flickered , bright and eerie , and between one flash and the next , a white creature appeared at the edge of the slope . 
 at first , i thought it was a horse . 
 only it was smaller and more graceful than any i 'd seen before , more deer than equine , with a lion 's tail and cloven hooves that barely touched the ground . 
 its horn spiraled up between its ears , beautiful and terrible at the same time , destroying any preconceived notions i had of the word unicorn . 
 it regarded me with eyes as ancient as the forest , and i felt a shiver of recognition , like a memory from a dream , but then it was gone . 
 grimalkin sent me . 
 the voice whispered in my head , soft as a feather 's passing . 
 hurry , meghan chase . 
 with a toss of its head , the unicorn turned and vanished down the slope . 
 in that moment , i knew what i had to do . 
 that whole encounter seemed to have taken place in an instant . 
 when i turned back to the boys , they were still waiting for the thornguards , who approached slowly , as if they knew we were n't going anywhere . 
 `` ash , '' i murmured , placing a hand on his arm . 
 `` give me the scepter . '' 
 he shot me a look over his shoulder . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` i 'll get it to mab . 
 just hold them off until i can get across the field . '' 
 ash stared at me , his expression torn . 
 i closed my hand over the scepter , gritting my teeth as the cold burned like fire . 
 `` i can do this . '' 
 `` hey , prince , '' puck called over his shoulder , `` uh , you can join in anytime , now . 
 whenever you 're ready . '' 
 a shriek echoed over the valley , and a dark shape wheeled toward us on leathery wings . 
 rowan was coming back . 
 `` ash ! '' 
 the thornguards were almost upon us , and ash still held the scepter tightly . 
 desperately , i met his eyes , saw the indecision there , the doubt , and the fear that he was sending me to my death . 
 `` ash , '' i whispered , and put my other hand over his , `` you have to trust me . '' 
 he shivered , nodded once , and released his grip . 
 clutching the scepter , i backed away , holding his worried gaze as the thornguards got closer and the wail of the wyvern echoed over the trees . 
 `` be careful , '' he said , a storm of emotion in those two simple words . 
 i nodded breathlessly . 
 `` i wo n't fail , '' i promised . 
 the thornguards charged with a roar . 
 ash spun toward them , blade flashing , as puck gave a whooping battle cry and plunged into their midst . 
 feeling the scepter burn in my hands , i turned and fled down the slope . 
 the unicorn waited at the bottom of the hill , almost invisible in the mist , its horn more real than the rest of it . 
 my heart pounded as i approached . 
 even though the unicorn stood perfectly still , watching me , it was akin to walking up to a tiger that was tame and friendly , but still a tiger . 
 it could either kneel and lay its head in my lap , or explode into violence and skewer me with that glimmering horn . 
 thankfully it did neither , standing motionless as a statue as i walked up close enough to see my reflection in its dark eyes . 
 what do i say ? 
 do i have to ask permission to get on its back ? 
 a piercing wail rent the air above us , and the shadow of the wyvern passed overhead . 
 the unicorn jumped , flattening its ears , trembling with the effort not to bolt . 
 screw it , i do n't have time ! 
 as the wyvern 's howl rang out again , i heaved myself awkwardly onto the unicorn 's back and grabbed its mane . 
 as soon as i was settled , the unicorn made a fantastic leap over the rocks and landed at the edge of the icy field , making my stomach lodge in my throat . 
 for a moment , it hesitated , looking this way and that , trying to find an easier way in . 
 a red-eyed hound sprang at us with a snarl , tongue lolling . 
 the unicorn leaped nimbly aside , lashing out with its hooves . 
 i heard a crack and a yelp , and the hound fled into the mist on three legs . 
 `` there 's no time to go around ! '' 
 i yelled , hoping the unicorn could understand me . 
 `` mab is on the far side of the river ! 
 we have to go straight through ! '' 
 a bellow sounded behind us . 
 i glanced back to see the wyvern dive from the slope and glide toward the ground , straight for us . 
 i saw rowan on the wyvern 's back , sword drawn , his furious gaze fixed on me , and my stomach clenched in terror . 
 `` go ! '' 
 i shrieked , and with a desperate whinny , we plunged into the heart of the battle . 
 the unicorn bounded through the chaos , dodging weapons , leaping over obstacles , moving with terrifying speed . 
 my hand gripped the mane so hard that my arms shook ; the other hand burned with the scepter . 
 around us , summer and winter fey tore and slashed at each other , screaming in fury , pain and pure , joyful bloodlust . 
 i caught flashes of the battle as we sped through . 
 a pair of trolls pounded stone clubs into a swarm of goblins , their shoulders and backs bristling with spears . 
 a trio of redcaps dragged a wailing sylph from the air , ignoring the razor edge of her dragonfly wings , and buried her under their stabbing knives . 
 seelie knights in green and gold armor clashed swords with unseelie warriors , their movements so graceful it looked like they were dancing , but their unearthly beauty was twisted with hate . 
 the roar of the wyvern sounded directly above us , and the unicorn leaped aside so quickly i nearly lost my seat . 
 i saw the wyvern 's hooked , grasping talons slam into a dwarf , and the bearded man screamed as he was torn away and lifted into the air , struggling weakly . 
 the wyvern soared upward , and i watched in horror as it dropped the still struggling dwarf to the rocks below . 
 wheeling in a lazy circle , it came for us again . 
 my mount started weaving , a frantic , zigzag pattern that jostled me from side to side and made me sick with fear . 
 i pressed my knees into the unicorn 's sides so hard that i felt its ribs through my gown . 
 the wyvern wavered in the air , confused , then dove with another chilling wail . 
 my nimble steed dodged once more , but this time the wyvern passed so close i could 've slapped its claws with the back of my hand . 
 we were in the middle of the field , still nowhere near the river , when the unicorn went down . 
 the fighting was thicker in the center of the battleground , where soldiers from both sides clashed together over the dead and the dying . 
 the unicorn darted between the crowds , seeming to know exactly when a hole would open up , slipping through without slowing down . 
 but rowan was still on our tail . 
 as the unicorn dodged the wyvern 's pass for the third time , a huge , rocklike monster reared up from beneath the snow , swiping at us with a massive club . 
 it clipped the unicorn 's front legs , and the graceful animal collapsed with a shrill whinny . 
 i went flying off its back and hit a snowbank with a landing that drove the air from my lungs . 
 dazed , i lay there as the world spun like a carousel , flickering in and out of view . 
 blurred , shadowy figures raged around me , screaming , but the sounds were muffled and distorted , coming from a great distance away . 
 then the white shape of the unicorn reared up , pawing the air , slashing with its horn , before it was pulled under the black mass . 
 i pushed myself to my knees , calling out to it , but my arms shook , and i collapsed , sobbing in frustration . 
 once more , the unicorn reared up , its white coat streaked with crimson , several dark things clinging to its back . 
 i cried out , crawling forward desperately , but with a shrill cry , the unicorn disappeared into the churning mass once more . 
 this time , it did n't resurface . 
 as i gasped for breath , fighting tears , something wet and slimy dripped onto my arm . 
 i looked up into the warty face of a goblin , its crooked teeth slick with drool as it grinned at me , flicking a pale tongue over its lips . 
 `` tasty girl dead yet ? '' 
 it asked , poking my arm with the butt of its spear . 
 i lurched upright . 
 nausea surged through me and the ground twirled . 
 i concentrated on not passing out . 
 the goblin scuttled back with a hiss , then edged forward again . 
 i frantically gazed around for a weapon , and saw the scepter , lying in the snow a few feet away . 
 the goblin grinned , raising its spear , then vanished under several tons of wyvern as the monstrous lizard landed on it with a boom that shook the ground , sending snow flying . 
 roaring , it reared back to strike , and i lunged for the scepter . 
 my hand closed over the rod , and a jolt of electricity shot up my arm . 
 i felt the wyvern 's hot breath on my neck and rolled back , bringing up the scepter . 
 in that split second , i saw the gaping , tooth-filled maw of the wyvern fill my whole vision , and the scepter in my hand glowing , not blue or gold or green , but a pure , blinding white . 
 lightning shot from the rod , slamming into the wyvern 's open mouth . 
 the blast flung the lizard 's head back , filling the air with the stench of charred flesh . 
 at the same time , i felt something inside me break , like a hammer striking glass , shattering into a million pieces . 
 sound , color and emotion flooded my mind , a bottled-up wave of glamour pouring outward , and i screamed . 
 a pulse ripped through the air , flying outward . 
 it knocked the nearest fighters off their feet and continued , spreading across the field . 
 fighting a wave of dizziness , i staggered to my feet , swaying like a drunk sailor in a torn and filthy gown . 
 i could n't see mab or oberon through the indistinct shadows around me , but i did see hundreds of glowing eyes , shining blades and bared teeth , ready to tear me apart . 
 i certainly had everyone 's attention now . 
 the scepter pulsed in my hand . 
 gripping the handle , i raised it over my head . 
 a flickering light spilled over the crowd , making them mutter and draw back . 
 `` where is queen mab ? '' 
 i called , my voice reedy and faint , barely rising above the howl of the wind . 
 no one answered , so i tried again . 
 `` my name is meghan chase , daughter of lord oberon . 
 i am here to return the scepter of the seasons . '' 
 i hoped someone told mab quickly ; i did n't know how much longer i could stay conscious , much less speak in coherent sentences in front of the queen . 
 slowly , the crowd parted , and the air around us dropped several degrees , making my breath steam before my face . 
 mab came through the crowd on a huge white warhorse , her gown trailing behind her , her hair unbound and flowing down her back . 
 the horse 's hooves did n't quite touch the ground , and great gouts of steam billowed from its nostrils , wreathing the winter queen in a ghostly halo of fog . 
 her lips and nails were blue , her eyes as black as a starless night as she peered down at me . 
 `` meghan chase . '' 
 the queen 's voice was a hiss , her perfect features terrifyingly blank . 
 her gaze flicked to the rod in my hand , and she smiled , cold and dangerous . 
 `` i see you have my scepter . 
 so , is the summer court finally admitting their mistake ? '' 
 `` no , '' came a strong voice before i could answer . 
 `` the summer court had nothing to do with stealing the scepter . 
 you are the one who jumped to conclusions , lady mab . '' 
 and oberon was there , sweeping through the crowd on a golden-bay stallion , flanked by a squad of elven knights . 
 his faery mail glittered emerald and gold , bright links woven around protrusions of bark and bone , and an antlered helm rose above his head . 
 i felt a surge of relief at seeing him , but it shriveled when the erlking looked at me , his green eyes cold and remote . 
 `` i told you before , queen mab , '' he said , speaking to mab but still glaring at me , `` i knew nothing of this , nor did i send my people to steal the scepter from you . 
 you have started a war with us over a false pretense . '' 
 `` so you say . '' 
 mab gave me a predatory smile , making me feel like a trapped rabbit . 
 `` but , it seems the summer court is still at fault , erlking . 
 you might have known nothing of the scepter , but your daughter admits her guilt by trying to return what is mine , hoping perhaps , that i will be merciful . 
 is that not correct , meghan chase ? '' 
 i noticed crowds of both winter and summer fey edging back from the rulers , and wished i could do the same . 
 `` no , '' i blurted out , feeling the glare of both rulers burning holes through my skull . 
 `` i mean ... no , i did n't steal it . '' 
 `` lies ! '' 
 mab leaped from her warhorse and stalking toward me . 
 the mad gleam was back , and my stomach contracted in fear . 
 `` you are a filthy human , and all you speak is lies . 
 you turned ash against me . 
 you made him fight his own brother . 
 you fled tir na nog and sought sanctuary with the exile leanansidhe . 
 is this not true , meghan chase ? '' 
 `` yes , but - '' `` you were in the throne room when my son was murdered . 
 why did they let you live ? 
 how did you survive , if it was not the summer court behind it all ? '' 
 `` i told you - '' `` if you did not steal the scepter of the seasons , who did ? '' 
 `` the iron fey ! '' 
 i shouted , as my temper finally snapped . 
 not the smartest move , but i was hurt , dizzy , exhausted , and could still see the body of ironhorse , sprawled lifelessly on the cement , the unicorn torn apart before my eyes . 
 after everything we 'd done , everything we 'd gone through , to have some faery bitch accuse me of lying was the last straw . 
 `` i 'm not lying , dammit ! '' 
 i screamed at her . 
 `` stop talking and just listen to me ! 
 the iron fey stole the scepter and killed sage ! 
 i was right there when it happened ! 
 there 's an army of them out there , and they 're getting ready to attack ! 
 that 's why they stole the scepter ! 
 they wanted you to kill each other before they came in and wiped out everything ! '' 
 mab 's eyes went glassy and terrifying , and she raised her hand . 
 i figured i was dead . 
 you do n't shout at a faery queen and expect to walk away scot-free . 
 but oberon finally stepped forward , interrupting mab before she could turn me into a popsicle . 
 `` hold , lady mab , '' he said in a low voice . 
 the winter queen turned her mad , killing glare on him , but he faced her calmly . 
 `` just a moment , please . 
 she is my daughter , after all . '' 
 he gave me a measuring look . 
 `` meghan chase , please return the scepter to lady mab , and let us be done with this . '' 
 gladly . 
 i approached mab and held out the scepter in both hands , anxious to be rid of the stupid thing . 
 for all its power , it seemed such a small , trivial item , to cause so much hate and confusion and death . 
 for a moment , the winter queen stared at me , her features cold and blank , letting me sweat . 
 finally , and with great dignity , she reached out and took the scepter , and a great sigh of relief spread across the battlefield . 
 it was done . 
 the scepter of the seasons was back where it belonged , and the war was over . 
 `` now , meghan chase , '' oberon said as the ripple died down , `` why do n't you tell us everything that happened ? '' 
 so i did , summarizing as best i could . 
 i told them about tertius stealing the scepter and killing sage . 
 i told them about the thornguards , and how they wanted to become iron fey themselves . 
 i described grimalkin leading us through the briars , and how we met leanansidhe , who agreed to help us . 
 and finally , i told them about virus , her plans to invade the nevernever , and how we were able to track her down and get the scepter back . 
 i left out the parts with ironhorse . 
 despite his help and noble sacrifice , they would only see him as the enemy , and i did n't want to be accused of guilt by association . 
 when i was done , an incredulous silence hung in the air , and for a moment only the wind could be heard , howling over the plains . 
 `` impossible . '' 
 mab 's voice was chilly , but it had lost the crazy edge , at least . 
 my handing over the scepter seemed to placate her for now . 
 `` how did they get into the palace , and out again , without anyone seeing them ? '' 
 `` ask rowan , '' i shot back , and a mutter went through the ranks of surrounding fey . 
 `` he 's working with them . '' 
 mab went absolutely still . 
 goose bumps rose along my arms as ice began creeping over the ground , snapping and crinkling , spreading out from the feet of the winter queen . 
 when she spoke , her voice was soft , almost a whisper , but it scared me more than when she was crazy and shouting . 
 `` what did you say , half-breed ? '' 
 i glanced at oberon , but he looked disbelieving , as well . 
 i could feel his patience and support wearing thin ; if i was going to accuse a son of mab 's of treason , i 'd better be able to prove it . 
 else he would n't be able to protect me much longer . 
 `` rowan is working with the iron fey , '' i repeated , as the ice spread around me , sparkling in the snow . 
 `` him and the thornguards . 
 they ... they want to become like them , immune to iron . 
 they think - '' `` enough ! '' 
 mab 's shriek made everyone but oberon flinch . 
 `` where is your proof , half-breed ? 
 do not expect me to accept these blasphemous claims without proof-you are a human and can lie so easily ! 
 you say my son has betrayed his court and kin , to side with these iron abominations that none have seen ? 
 very well ! 
 show me proof ! '' 
 she pointed a finger at me , eyes narrowed in triumph . 
 `` if you have none , you are guilty of slandering the royal family , and i will punish you as i see fit ! '' 
 `` i do n't - '' but the sounds of a struggle interrupted us . 
 the crowds shifted , looking around , then stepped out of the way as a trio of faeries came through . 
 ash and puck , bleeding , grim faced and dirty , dragging the spiky frame of a thornguard between them . 
 staggering into the circle , they threw the faery at mab 's feet . 
 panting , puck straightened , wiping blood from his mouth with the back of his hand . 
 `` there 's your proof . '' 
 oberon raised an eyebrow . 
 `` goodfellow , '' he said , and that one word sent shivers down my spine and made puck wince . 
 `` what is the meaning of this ? '' 
 mab smiled . 
 `` ash , '' she purred , but it was n't a friendly greeting . 
 `` what a surprise to find you here , in the company of the summer girl and robin goodfellow . 
 would you care to add anything more to your list of crimes ? '' 
 `` my queen . '' 
 ash stood before mab , breathing heavily , his expression bleak and resigned . 
 `` the princess speaks the truth . 
 rowan is a traitor to us . 
 he sent his elite guard to bolster the armies of the iron fey , he allowed them access into the palace , and he is responsible for the death of prince sage . 
 were it not for robin goodfellow and the summer princess , the scepter would be lost , and the armies of the iron king would overwhelm us . '' 
 mab narrowed her eyes , and ash stepped back , nodding to the moaning thornguard . 
 `` if you doubt my word , my queen , just ask him for the truth . 
 i 'm sure he would be happy to tell you everything . '' 
 `` screw it , '' puck snapped , stalking past me . 
 `` or you could just do this . '' 
 he pounced on the guard , driving his knee into the faery 's armored chest . 
 the thornguard 's arms came up to protect himself , and puck grabbed one of his gauntlets , ripping the glove away and holding up his wrist . 
 the sharp tang of metal filled the air , and the circle of curious onlookers leaped back with cries of horror . 
 the thornguard 's entire hand was blackened and shriveled , the skin flaking off like ash . 
 and on his long , gnarled finger , the iron ring gleamed brightly against the withered flesh . 
 `` there ! '' 
 puck snapped , throwing the arm down and stepping away . 
 `` that proof enough for you ? 
 every one of these bastards has one of those rings on , and it 's not a fashion statement . 
 if you want more proof , check the brambles at the top of the hill . 
 we left this one alive to explain his little coup ambitions to his queen . '' 
 mab turned her cold , cold gaze on the thornguard , who cringed and started babbling . 
 `` my queen , i can explain . 
 rowan ordered us to . 
 i was acting on his command . 
 he said it was the only way to save us . 
 please , i never wanted to ... please , no ! '' 
 mab gestured . 
 there was a flash of blue light , and ice covered the guard , encasing him in frozen crystal . 
 he drew a breath for one last scream , but the ice closed over his face and smothered it . 
 i shivered and looked away . 
 `` he will tell me everything later . '' 
 mab smiled coldly , speaking more to herself than to us . 
 `` oh , yes . 
 he will be begging to tell me . '' 
 she looked up , her eyes as terrible as her voice . 
 `` where is rowan ? '' 
 as the crowds began muttering and looking around , i glanced over at the dead wyvern lying several yards away , smoke still curling from its open mouth . 
 i shivered and turned away , already knowing the answer . 
 rowan was gone . 
 they would n't find him in the nevernever ; he would flee to the iron fey , continuing his quest to become like them . 
 after a long moment , it became clear that rowan was no longer on the field . 
 `` lady mab , '' oberon said , drawing himself up . 
 `` in light of this newest revelation , i propose a temporary truce . 
 if the iron king does plan to attack us , i 'd prefer to meet him with my forces strong and ready . 
 we will speak on this later , but for now i will be taking my people back to arcadia . 
 meghan , goodfellow . '' 
 he nodded to us stiffly . 
 `` come . '' 
 i looked at ash , and he gave me a faint smile . 
 i saw the relief on his face . 
 but mab was n't about to let me go just yet . 
 `` not so fast , my dear oberon , '' she purred , and the smug satisfaction in her voice made my skin crawl . 
 `` i believe you are for getting something . 
 the laws of our people apply to your daughter , as well . 
 she must answer for turning my son against me . '' 
 mab pointed the scepter at me as angry murmurs went through the crowd . 
 `` she must be punished for tricking him into helping her escape tir na nog . '' 
 `` that was n't meghan 's decision . '' 
 ash 's deep voice cut through the muttering . 
 i looked at him sharply and shook my head , but he ignored me . 
 `` it was mine . 
 i made the choice . 
 she had nothing to do with it . '' 
 mab turned to him , and her gaze softened . 
 smiling , she crooked a finger , and he approached at once , never wavering , though his hands were clenched at his sides . 
 `` ash , '' mab crooned as he drew near . 
 `` my poor boy . 
 rowan told me what happened between the two of you , but i know you had your reasons . 
 why would you betray me ? '' 
 `` i love her . '' 
 softly , and without hesitation , as if he 'd already made up his mind . 
 my heart turned over and i gasped , but it was lost in the ripple of horror and disbelief that went through the crowd . 
 whispers and muttering filled the air ; some faeries snarled and hissed , baring their teeth , as if they wanted to mob ash , but kept their distance from the queen . 
 mab did n't look surprised , though the smile curling her lips was as cold and cruel as a blade . 
 `` you love her . 
 the half-breed daughter of the summer lord . '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 i ached for him , my stomach twisting painfully . 
 he looked so desolate standing there alone , facing a mad queen and several thousand angry fey . 
 his voice was flat and resigned , as if he 'd been pushed into a corner and had given up , not caring what happened next . 
 i started to go to him , but puck grabbed my arm , his green eyes solemn as he shook his head . 
 `` ash . '' 
 mab placed a palm on his cheek . 
 `` you 're confused . 
 i can see it in your eyes . 
 you did n't want this , did you ? 
 not after ariella . '' 
 ash did n't reply , and mab drew back , regarding him intently . 
 `` you know what comes next , do n't you ? '' 
 ash nodded once . 
 `` i swear an oath , '' he whispered , `` never to see her again , never to speak to her again , to sever all relationships and return to the winter court . '' 
 `` yes , '' mab whispered back , and a sick despair tore at my heart . 
 if ash spoke those words , it would be over . 
 a faery could n't break a promise , even if he wanted to . 
 `` swear the oath , '' mab continued , `` and all is forgiven . 
 you can come back to tir na nog . 
 return to the palace , and take your place as heir to the throne . 
 sage is gone , and rowan is dead to me . '' 
 mab placed a kiss on ash 's cheek and stepped back . 
 `` you are the last prince of winter . 
 it is time to come home . '' 
 `` i. . . '' 
 for the first time , ash hesitated . 
 his gaze met mine , bright and anguished , begging forgiveness . 
 i choked on a sob and turned away , my throat aching with misery , not wanting to hear the words that would take him from me forever . 
 `` i ca n't . '' 
 silence fell over the field . 
 puck stiffened ; i could feel his shock . 
 biting my lip , i turned back , hardly daring to believe . 
 ash faced mab calmly , the queen staring at him with a terrible , blank expression on her face . 
 `` forgive me , '' ash murmured , and i heard the faintest of tremors beneath his voice . 
 `` but i ca n't ... i wo n't ... give her up . 
 not now , when i 've just found her . '' 
 i could n't take it anymore . 
 breaking away from puck , i started toward ash . 
 i could n't let him do this alone . 
 but oberon stepped in front of me , holding out his arm , as unmovable as a mountain . 
 `` do not interfere , daughter , '' oberon said in a voice meant only for me . 
 `` this is between the winter prince and his queen . 
 let the song play to its conclusion . '' 
 distraught , i looked back to ash . 
 mab had gone very still , a beautiful , deadly statue , the ground beneath her coated with ice . 
 only her lips moved as she stared at her son , the air around them growing colder by the second . 
 `` you know what will happen , if you refuse . '' 
 if ash was afraid , he did n't show it . 
 `` i know , '' he said in a weary voice . 
 `` their world will eat at you , '' mab said . 
 `` strip you away bit by bit . 
 cut off from the nevernever , you will not survive . 
 whether it takes one mortal year or a thousand , you will gradually fade away , until you simply cease to exist . '' 
 mab stepped closer , pointing at me with the scepter . 
 `` she will die , ash . 
 she is only human . 
 she will grow old , wither and die , and her soul will flee to a place you can not follow . 
 and then , you will be left to wander the mortal world alone , until you yourself are only a memory . 
 and after that - '' the queen opened her empty fist '' - nothing . 
 forever . '' 
 ash did n't react , but i felt the queen 's words punch me in the stomach . 
 bile rose in my throat . 
 how could i be so blind and stupid ? 
 grimalkin had told me once that faeries banished from the nevernever would die , that they would fade away until nothing was left . 
 tiaothin had told me that in the winter palace , when i was trying to ignore her . 
 i 'd known all along , but refused to believe . 
 or perhaps i just had n't wanted to remember . 
 `` this is your final chance , prince . '' 
 mab stepped back , her voice stiff and icy , like she was talking to a stranger . 
 `` give me your solemn vow , or be damned to the mortal world forever . 
 make your choice . '' 
 ash looked at me . 
 i saw pain in his eyes , and a little regret , but they shone with such emotion i felt breathless . 
 `` i already have . '' 
 `` so be it . '' 
 if mab 's voice was cold before , it was in the sub-zero range now . 
 she waved the scepter and , with a sharp crack , a rip appeared in the air . 
 like ink spreading over paper , it widened into a jagged archway . 
 beyond the arch , a flickering streetlamp glimmered , and rain pounded the road , hissing . 
 the smell of tar and wet asphalt drifted through the opening . 
 `` from this day forth , '' mab boomed , her voice carrying over the field , `` prince ash is considered a traitor and an exile . 
 all trods will be closed to him , all safe holds are barred , and if he is seen anywhere within the nevernever , he is to be hunted down and killed immediately . '' 
 she looked at ash , fury and contempt curling her lips . 
 `` you are not my son . 
 get out of my sight . '' 
 ash stepped back . 
 without a word , he turned and walked toward the archway , shoulders back and head high . 
 at the edge of the trod , he hesitated , and i saw a shadow of fear cross his face . 
 but then his expression hardened , and he swept through the door without looking back . 
 `` ash , wait ! '' 
 darting around oberon , i rushed for the trod . 
 faeries hissed and snarled , and puck yelled for me to stop , but i ignored them all . 
 as i approached mab , her lips curled in a cruel smile and she stepped back , giving me a clear shot at the open trod . 
 `` meghan chase ! '' 
 oberon 's voice cracked like a whip , and a roar of thunder shook the ground . 
 i stumbled to a halt a few feet from the doorway , so close that i could see the road and darkened street , the blurry outline of houses through the rain . 
 the erlking 's voice was ominously quiet , and his eyes glowed amber through the gently falling snow . 
 `` the laws of our people are absolute , '' oberon warned . 
 `` summer and winter share many things , but love is not one of them . 
 if you make this choice , daughter , the trods will never open for you again . '' 
 my stomach dropped . 
 there it was . 
 oberon would banish me from the nevernever , as well . 
 for a split second , i almost laughed in his face . 
 this was n't my home . 
 i had n't asked to be half-fey . 
 i 'd never wanted to be caught up in their problems , or their world . 
 let him exile me ; what did i care ? 
 do n't kid yourself , i thought with a sudden sick feeling in my gut . 
 you love this world . 
 you risked everything to save it . 
 are you really going to walk away and forget it ever existed ? 
 `` meghan . '' 
 puck stepped forward , pleading . 
 `` do n't do this . 
 i ca n't follow you this time . 
 stay here . 
 with me . '' 
 `` i ca n't , '' i whispered . 
 `` i 'm sorry , puck . 
 i do love you , but i have to do this . '' 
 his face clouded with pain , and he turned away . 
 guilt stabbed at me , but in the end , the choice had always been clear . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i whispered again to puck , to oberon , to everyone , and turned back to the doorway . 
 i do n't belong here . 
 not really . 
 time to wake up and go home for real . 
 `` are you sure , meghan chase ? '' 
 oberon 's voce was cold , remorseless . 
 `` walk out of faery with him now , and you 're never coming back . '' 
 somehow , the ultimatum made it that much easier . 
 `` then i 'm never coming back , '' i said softly , and went through the arch , leaving faery behind me forever . 
 epilogue second homecoming as i stumbled through the trod and onto the sidewalk , the rain hit me like a hammer , cold , wet and comfortingly unpleasant . 
 like normal rain . 
 lightning flickered overhead ; regular , white lightning that did n't respond to the whims of a faery king 's mood . 
 my gown clung to my body ; the drenching would be the finishing touch to ruining it completely , but i did n't care . 
 my time in faery was over . 
 no more faery glamour , faery food or faery tricks . 
 i was done . 
 with one exception , of course . 
 `` ash ! '' 
 i called , squinting through the rain and darkness , through the glow of the streetlamps that made it impossible to see more than a few feet . 
 `` ash , i 'm here ! 
 where are you ? '' 
 the empty road mocked me . 
 did n't he think i 'd come after him ? 
 was he already gone , fading into the rain without a backward glance , believing himself alone in the world ? 
 tears muffled my voice . 
 `` ash ! '' 
 i yelled , taking a few steps down the sidewalk . 
 `` ash ! '' 
 `` you 'll wake everyone up if you keep shouting like that . '' 
 i whirled around . 
 he stood where the portal had been , hands in his pockets , the rain drumming his shoulders and making his hair run into his eyes . 
 lamplight fell around him , shining off his slick coat , surrounding him with a faint nimbus of light . 
 but to me , he 'd never looked so real . 
 `` you came after me , '' he murmured , sounding awed , incredulous , and relieved at the same time . 
 i walked up to him , smiling through my tears . 
 `` you did n't think i 'd let you go off alone , did you ? '' 
 `` i was hoping . '' 
 ash stepped forward and hugged me , pulling me close with desperate relief . 
 i slid my arms beneath his coat and held him tight , closing my eyes . 
 the rain pounded us , and a lone car passed us on the road , spraying us with gutter water , but i felt no urge to move . 
 as long as ash held me , i could stay here forever . 
 he finally pulled back but did n't release me from the circle of his arms . 
 `` so , '' he murmured , his silver eyes boring into mine . 
 `` what do we do now ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' i said , shivering as he brushed a strand of wet hair from my cheek . 
 `` i think ... i should go home soon . 
 mom and luke are probably going nuts . 
 what about you ? '' 
 he shrugged , a casual lift of one shoulder . 
 `` you tell me . 
 when i left the nevernever , i did n't have any plans other than being with you . 
 if you want me around , just say the word . '' 
 my eyes watered . 
 i thought of rowan , of ironhorse , and the armies of the false king , still on the move . 
 i thought of leanansidhe and charles , trapped in the between . 
 i would have to get him out someday , and confront leanansidhe about stealing my dad so long ago . 
 but for now , the only thing i wanted was standing right here , looking at me with an expression so open and unguarded that i thought my heart would burst out of my chest . 
 `` do n't leave , '' i whispered , tightening my hold . 
 `` never leave me again . 
 stay with me . 
 forever . '' 
 the winter prince smiled , a small , easy smile , and lowered his lips to mine . 
 `` i promise . '' 
