 do n't confuse fairy queens with fairy princesses . 
 where i come from , girls who want to be fairy princesses usually dream about gossamer wings and frilly dresses . 
 pink dresses , at that . 
 i 'm pretty sure rhinestones are part of being a fairy princess too , as are cute wands with stars on top that grant wishes . 
 fairy princesses expect lovely lives of luxury and lounging , ones that involve small woodland creatures waiting on their every need . 
 as a fairy queen , i can admit that there is a bit more involvement with woodland creatures than one might expect . 
 but the rest ? 
 a total joke . 
 fairies - the kind i deal with , at least - rarely have wings . 
 my wand is made of rough gemstones bound together , and i use it to blast otherworldly creatures out of existence . 
 i 've also whacked a few people in the head with it . 
 my life is dirty , harsh , and deadly , the kind of life no frilly dress could withstand . 
 i wear jeans . 
 most important , i look horrible in pink . 
 i 'm also pretty sure that fairy princesses do n't have to deal with this kind of shit first thing in the morning . 
 `` i have killed ... eugenie markham . '' 
 the words rang out loud and clear through a dining room filled with about thirty people eating at round wooden tables . 
 the ceilings were vaulted , and the rough stone walls made it look like part of a medieval castle because ... well , it kind of was . 
 most of the morning diners were soldiers and guards , but a few were officials and high-ranking servants who lived and worked within the castle . 
 dorian , king of the oak land and my bondage-loving otherworldly boyfriend , sat at the head table and looked up from his breakfast to see who had made such a bold statement . 
 `` i 'm sorry , did you say something ? '' 
 the speaker , standing on the other side of the table , turned as red as the uniform he wore . 
 he looked about twenty-something in human years , meaning he was probably a hundred or so in fairy - or gentry , the name i preferred - years . 
 the guy bit his lip and straightened his posture , making another attempt at dignity as he glared at dorian . 
 `` i said i killed eugenie markham . '' 
 the man - a soldier , it appeared - looked around at the faces , no doubt hoping his message would inspire horrified reactions . 
 mostly his words brought about good-natured confusion , largely because half of the people gathered in the room could see me standing in the hall outside . 
 `` i have killed your queen , and now your armies will crumble . 
 surrender immediately , and her royal majesty , queen katrice of the rowan land , will be merciful . '' 
 dorian did n't answer right away and did n't look very concerned . 
 he delicately patted his mouth with a brocade napkin and then returned it to his lap . 
 `` dead ? 
 are you sure ? '' 
 he glanced over at a dark-haired woman sitting beside him . 
 `` shaya , did n't we just see her yesterday ? '' 
 `` yes , sire , '' replied shaya , pouring cream into her tea . 
 dorian brushed autumn-red hair out of his face and returned to cutting up the sugary , almond-coated pastry that was serving as his most important meal of the day . 
 `` well , there you have it . 
 she ca n't be dead . '' 
 the rowan soldier stared in disbelief , growing more and more incredulous as people continued to either regard him curiously or simply ignore him altogether . 
 the only person who seemed mildly concerned was an elderly gentry woman sitting on the other side of dorian . 
 her name was ranelle , and she was an ambassador from the linden land . 
 she 'd only arrived yesterday and clearly was n't used to the wacky mishaps around here . 
 the soldier turned his attention back to dorian . 
 `` are you as insane as they say you are ? 
 i killed the thorn queen ! 
 look . '' 
 he threw down a silver and moonstone necklace . 
 it clattered against the hard , tiled floor , and the pale , iridescent stones just barely picked up some of the morning light . 
 `` i cut this off of her corpse . 
 now do you believe me ? '' 
 that brought some silence to the room , and even dorian paused . 
 it was indeed my necklace , and seeing it made me absentmindedly touch the bare spot on my throat . 
 dorian wore his perpetually bored expression , but i knew him well enough to guess at the maelstrom of thoughts swirling behind his green eyes . 
 `` if that 's true , '' dorian replied at last , `` then why did n't you actually bring us her corpse ? '' 
 `` it 's with my queen , '' said the soldier smugly , thinking he 'd finally gained ground . 
 `` she kept it as a trophy . 
 if you cooperate , she might release it to you . '' 
 `` i do n't believe it . '' 
 dorian peered down the table . 
 `` rurik , will you pass the salt ? 
 ah , thank you . '' 
 `` king dorian , '' said ranelle uneasily , `` perhaps you should pay more attention to what this man has to say . 
 if the queen is dead - '' `` she 's not , '' said dorian bluntly . 
 `` and this sauce is delicious . '' 
 `` why do n't you believe me ? '' 
 exclaimed the soldier , sounding oddly childlike . 
 `` did you think she was invincible ? 
 did you think no one could kill her ? '' 
 `` no , '' admitted dorian . 
 `` i just do n't think you could kill her . '' 
 ranelle tried again . 
 `` my lord , how do you know that the queen is n't - '' `` because she 's standing right there . 
 will you all shut up now so i can eat in peace ? '' 
 the interruption - and end to this farce - came from jasmine , my teenage sister . 
 like me , she was half human . 
 unlike me , she was totally unstable and was consequently eating her breakfast while wearing loose but magic-stunting handcuffs . 
 she also had headphones on , and the breakfast debate must have been overpowering her current playlist . 
 thirty faces turned toward where i stood near the doorway , and there was a mad scramble as almost everyone shoved back their chairs and tried to rise for a hasty bow . 
 i sighed . 
 i 'd been comfortable leaning against the wall , resting from a hard night 's journey as i watched this absurdity unfolding in my otherworldly home . 
 the gig was up now . 
 i threw back my shoulders and strode into the dining room , putting on all the queenly airs i could . 
 `` the reports of my death have been greatly exaggerated , '' i announced . 
 i had a feeling i 'd messed up the mark twain quote , but in this crowd , nobody knew the reference anyway . 
 most thought i was simply stating the facts . 
 which , really , i was . 
 the rowan soldier 's flushed face suddenly turned white , his eyes bugging out . 
 he took a few steps backward and glanced uneasily around . 
 there was really nowhere else he could go . 
 i gestured for those who were standing and bowing to sit down as i walked up to my necklace . 
 picking it up from the floor , i eyed it critically . 
 `` you broke the clasp . '' 
 i studied it for a few more moments and then turned my glare on him . 
 `` you broke it when you ripped it off my neck while we were fighting - not when you killed me . 
 obviously . '' 
 i just barely recalled grappling with this guy last night . 
 he 'd been one among many . 
 i 'd lost him in the midst of the chaos , but apparently , katrice had decided to send him here with a story after he 'd captured this `` evidence . '' 
 `` you look amazing for being dead , my dear , '' called dorian . 
 `` you should really come join us and try this sauce that ranelle brought . '' 
 i ignored dorian , both because he expected me to and because i knew i did n't look so amazing . 
 my clothes were ripped and dirty , and i 'd accrued a few cuts in last night 's battle . 
 judging from the haze of red i kept seeing out of the corners of my eyes , i had a feeling my hair was frizzy and sticking up in about a hundred different directions . 
 it was already turning into a hot day , and my stuffy castle was making me sweat profusely . 
 `` no , '' gasped the rowan soldier . 
 `` you ca n't be alive . 
 balor swore he saw you fall - he told the queen - '' `` will you guys stop this already ? '' 
 i demanded , leaning in close to his face . 
 this made a few of my own guards step nearer , but i was n't worried . 
 this loser would n't try anything , and besides , i could defend myself . 
 `` when is your fucking queen going to stop turning every rumor about dorian or me dying into some huge proclamation ? 
 have n't you ever heard of habeas corpus ? 
 never mind . 
 of course you have n't . '' 
 `` actually , '' piped in dorian . 
 `` i know latin . '' 
 `` it wo n't work anyway , '' i growled to the rowan guy . 
 `` even if i were dead , it 's not going to stop our kingdoms from trampling yours . '' 
 that pulled him out of his stupefied state . 
 fury lit his features - fury spiked with a little bit of insane zeal . 
 `` you half-breed bitch ! 
 you 're the one who 's going to be blighted from existence ! 
 you , the oak king , and everyone else who lives in your cursed lands . 
 our queen is mighty and great ! 
 already she 's in negotiations with the aspen and willow lands to unite against you ! 
 she will grind you with her foot and take this land , take it and - '' `` can i kill him ? 
 please ? '' 
 this was jasmine . 
 her gray eyes looked at me pleadingly , and she 'd taken the headphones off . 
 what should have been teenage sarcasm was actually deadly seriousness . 
 it was days like these i regretted keeping her in the otherworld , rather than sending her back to live with humans . 
 surely it was n't too late for reform school . 
 `` i have n't killed any of your people , eugenie . 
 you know i have n't . 
 let me do something to him . 
 please . '' 
 `` he 's under a truce flag , '' replied shaya automatically . 
 protocol was her specialty . 
 dorian turned toward her . 
 `` blast it , woman ! 
 i 've told you to stop letting them in with immunity . 
 wartime rules be damned . '' 
 shaya only smiled , unconcerned by his mock outrage . 
 `` but he is protected , '' i said , suddenly feeling exhausted . 
 last 's night battle - more of a skirmish , really - had ended in a draw between my armies and katrice 's . 
 it was incredibly frustrating , making the loss of life on both sides seem totally pointless . 
 i beckoned some of my guards forward . 
 `` get him out of here . 
 put him on a horse , and do n't send him with any water . 
 let 's hope the roads are kind to him today . '' 
 the guards bowed obediently , and i turned back to katrice 's man . 
 `` and you can let katrice know that she 's wasting her time , no matter how often she wants to claim she 's killed me - or even if she manages it . 
 we 're still going to see this war through , and she 's the one who 's going to lose . 
 she 's outnumbered and out-resourced . 
 she started this over a personal fight , and no one else is going to help her with it . 
 tell her that if she surrenders immediately , then maybe we 'll be merciful . '' 
 the rowan soldier glared at me , his malice palpable , but offered no response . 
 the best he could manage was to spit on the ground before the guards dragged him off . 
 with another sigh , i turned away and looked at the breakfast table . 
 they 'd already brought up a chair for me . 
 `` is there any toast ? '' 
 i asked , sitting down wearily . 
 toast was not a common item on the gentry menu , but the servants here had gotten used to my human preferences . 
 they still could n't make decent tequila , and pop-tarts were totally out of the question . 
 but toast ? 
 toast was within their skill set . 
 someone handed a basket of it to me , and everyone continued eating peacefully . 
 well , almost everyone . 
 ranelle was staring at all of us like we were crazy , which i could understand . 
 `` how can you be so calm ? '' 
 she exclaimed . 
 `` after that man just - just - and you ... '' she looked me over in amazement . 
 `` forgive me , your majesty , but your attire ... you 've clearly been in battle . 
 yet , here you are , sitting as though this is all perfectly ordinary . '' 
 i gave her a cheerful look , not wanting to offend our guest or project a weak image . 
 i 'd just arrogantly told the rowan soldier that his queen would never gain any allies , but his comment about her negotiating with the aspen and willow lands had n't been lost on me . 
 katrice and i were both scrambling for allies in this war . 
 dorian was mine , giving me the edge in numbers right now , and i did n't want to risk any chance of that changing . 
 dorian caught my eye and gave me one of his small , laconic smiles . 
 it warmed me up , easing a little of the frustration i felt . 
 some days , it seemed like he was all that was going to get me through this war i 'd inadvertently stumbled into . 
 i 'd never wanted it . 
 i 'd never wanted to be queen of a fey kingdom either , forcing me to split my time between here and my human life in tucson . 
 i certainly had n't wanted to be at the center of a prophecy that claimed i 'd give birth to humanity 's conqueror , a prophecy that had driven katrice 's son to rape me . 
 dorian had killed him for it , something i still did n't regret , even though i hated every day of the war that had followed in the killing 's wake . 
 i could n't tell ranelle any of that , of course . 
 i wanted to send her back to her land with an image of confidence and power , so that her king would think allying with us was a smart move . 
 a brilliant move , even . 
 i could n't tell ranelle my fears . 
 i could n't tell her how much it hurt me to see refugees showing up at my castle , poor petitioners whose homes had been destroyed by the war . 
 i could n't tell her that dorian and i took turns visiting the armies and fighting with them - and how on those nights , the one who was n't fighting never got any sleep . 
 despite his flippancy , i knew dorian had felt a spark of fear at the rowan soldier 's initial claim . 
 katrice was always trying to demoralize us . 
 both dorian and i feared that someday , one of her heralds would show up telling the truth . 
 it made me want to run away with him right now , run away from all of this and just wrap myself up in his arms . 
 but again , i reminded myself that i had to brush those thoughts away . 
 leaning over , i gave dorian a soft kiss on his cheek . 
 the smile i offered ranelle was as winning and upbeat as one he might produce . 
 `` actually , '' i told her . 
 `` this is a pretty ordinary day for us . '' 
 i retreated to my bedroom as soon as etiquette allowed , collapsing onto the bed the moment i entered . 
 dorian had followed me in , and i tossed an arm over my eyes , groaning . 
 `` do you think that display helped win us over with ranelle or scared her off ? '' 
 i felt dorian sit on the bed beside me . 
 `` hard to say . 
 at the very least , i do n't think it 'll turn her king against us . 
 we 're too terrifying and unstable . '' 
 i smiled and uncovered my face , looking into those green and gold eyes . 
 `` if only that reputation would spread to everyone else . 
 i heard a rumor the honeysuckle land might join with katrice . 
 honestly , how anyone could call their kingdom that and keep a straight face is beyond me . '' 
 dorian leaned over me , lightly brushing hair from my face and trailing his fingers along my cheekbone . 
 `` it 's quite lovely , actually . 
 almost tropical . 
 i mean , it 's no barren wasteland of a desert kingdom , but it 's not half bad . '' 
 i was so used to his jibes about my kingdom that there was almost something comforting about them . 
 his fingers ran down to my neck and were soon replaced by his lips . 
 `` honestly , i 'm not worried about this honeysuckle place . 
 it 's other potential allies worrying me . 
 hey , stop . '' 
 his lips had moved down to my collarbone , and his hand was starting to lift my shirt . 
 i wriggled away . 
 `` i do n't have time . '' 
 he lifted his head , arching an eyebrow in surprise . 
 `` you have some place to be ? '' 
 `` yeah , actually . '' 
 i sighed . 
 `` i have a job back in tucson . 
 besides , i 'm filthy . '' 
 dorian was undeterred and returned to trying to get my shirt off . 
 `` i 'll help bathe you . '' 
 i swatted his hand away but then pulled him over so that i could put my arms around him and hold him against me . 
 i knew he wanted more than cuddling , but i did n't have the energy . 
 considering his fastidious nature , i was surprised he consented to resting his head on my chest , seeing as how dirty and ragged the shirt was . 
 `` no offense , but i 'll take human showers any day over some servant lugging water up to a tub . '' 
 `` you ca n't leave without talking to ranelle , '' he pointed out . 
 `` and you ca n't see her like this . '' 
 i grimaced and ran my hand over his brilliant hair . 
 `` damn it . '' 
 he was right . 
 i was still bad at this queen thing , but i knew enough about gentry customs to know that if i really did want the linden king 's help , i would need to look and sound good . 
 so much to do . 
 never enough time . 
 all so wearying . 
 dorian lifted his head and looked back down at me . 
 `` was it bad ? '' 
 he was referring to last night 's battle . 
 `` it 's always bad . 
 i 'm still not okay with people fighting and dying for me . 
 especially over one insult . '' 
 the living suffered from this war too . 
 i often had refugees coming to me for food and shelter . 
 `` their kingdom 's at stake , '' he said . 
 `` their homes . 
 and that was more than an insult . 
 letting it pass would make the thorn land look weak - like prey . 
 it would make you open to invasion , which is the same as surrendering to katrice . 
 your people do n't want that . 
 they have to fight . '' 
 `` but why do yours fight ? '' 
 dorian looked at me like that was a crazy question . 
 `` because i tell them to . '' 
 i left the conversation at that and called for a servant to fill the bathtub in the chamber adjacent to my bedroom . 
 it was a tedious task i hated making them do , though dorian would no doubt argue it was their duty to . 
 the magic i 'd inherited from my tyrant father gave me control over storm elements , so i could have summoned water straight to the tub , rather than making my servants haul it up one bucket at a time . 
 the thorn land was so dry , however , that pulling that much water magically would both dry out the castle 's air even more and possibly kill surrounding vegetation . 
 the servants had their own entrance to the bath chamber , and as soon as we heard them hauling and pouring water , dorian grinned and pulled me back to the bed . 
 `` see ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` now we have time . '' 
 i stopped protesting . 
 and as our clothes came off and i felt the heat of his lips , i had to admit to myself that i was n't averse to sex , not really . 
 this war really did put our lives constantly at risk , and he had worried about me . 
 having me here , merging physically , seemed to reassure him that i truly was all right . 
 and i took comfort in it too , being with this man i 'd fallen in love with against all reason . 
 i 'd once feared and hated the gentry - and it had taken me a long time to trust dorian . 
 sex was surprisingly tame for us this time . 
 usually , we found ourselves caught up in bad , kinky sex , sex that was a game of power and control i both loved and felt dirty about . 
 now , i sat on top of him , wrapping my legs around his hips as i drew him inside me . 
 a sigh of bliss escaped his lips , his eyes closing as i began to slowly move my body and ride him . 
 a moment later , his eyes opened and held mine with an expression of such affection and lust that a chill ran through me . 
 it always amazed me that he found me so desirable . 
 i 'd seen his past lovers - sexy , voluptuous women with curves and cleavage reminiscent of classic hollywood starlets . 
 my body 's build was lean and athletic from all the activity i did , my breasts pretty nicely shaped - though hardly porn star quality . 
 yet , since we 'd officially become a couple these last few months , he had never looked at another woman . 
 it was me he watched , his gaze hungry even at the most unromantic times . 
 i increased my pace , tilting forward and rocking us so that more of my body rubbed against his , bringing me closer to orgasm . 
 i came shortly thereafter , my lips parting without a sound as a sweet ecstasy wracked my body , and every nerve in my skin seemed to ignite . 
 i leaned forward , kissing him , letting his tongue explore my mouth as his fingers stroked my nipples . 
 the door to the bath chamber suddenly opened , and i jerked my head up as a servant peered in . 
 `` your majesty ? 
 the bath is ready . '' 
 her words were bland , and she disappeared as quickly as she 'd come . 
 my being naked on top of dorian had n't seemed like any big deal to her - and probably , it was n't . 
 the gentry had much looser sexual mores than humans , public displays being very common . 
 it probably would have been weirder for her if she had n't found her monarchs immediately going at it upon my return . 
 this sexual ease was n't something i 'd picked up , and dorian knew it . 
 `` no , no , '' he said , feeling me slow down in my shock . 
 the hands cupping my breasts moved down to my hips . 
 `` let 's finish this . '' 
 dragging my eyes from the door , i turned my attention back to him and found my arousal returning . 
 he rolled me over , not holding anything back now that i 'd come . 
 he pushed his body into mine , thrusting as hard and fast as he could . 
 moments later , his body shuddered , his fingers digging in where he gripped my arms . 
 i loved watching it happen , loved watching this smug , confident king lose his control between my thighs . 
 when he finished , i gave him another long , lingering kiss and then slid over to lie beside him . 
 he exhaled in contentment , regarding me again with that mix of hunger and love . 
 he would n't say it , but i knew he always secretly hoped that somehow , some way , our lovemaking would result in me getting pregnant . 
 i had explained to him a hundred times how birth control pills worked , but the gentry had difficulty with conception , making them obsessed with having children . 
 dorian claimed he wanted a child just for the sake of having one with me , but the prophecy about my firstborn son conquering humanity had always been alluring . 
 obviously , i was n't in favor of that idea - hence my emphasis on contraceptives . 
 dorian had ostensibly let go of that dream for my sake , but there were days i suspected he would n't mind fathering such a conqueror . 
 as it was , our alliance already made us dangerous . 
 he loved me , i was certain , but he also craved power . 
 our united kingdoms put us in a good position to conquer others , if we chose . 
 it was difficult leaving him , but there was too much to be done . 
 i retreated to the bath , washing both sex and battle off of me . 
 life and death . 
 the tub was only big enough for one , but dorian seemed perfectly happy watching me and lounging in the afterglow . 
 he was less excited about my wardrobe choice . 
 as queen , i had a closet filled with elaborate dresses , dresses he loved seeing me in . 
 as a human shaman , i 'd also made sure it was stocked with human clothes . 
 he looked at my jeans and tank top with dismay . 
 `` ranelle would be more impressed with a dress , '' he said . 
 `` especially one that showed your lovely cleavage . '' 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 we were back in my bedroom , and i was loading myself up with weapons : charmed jewelry and an iron athame , along with a satchel containing a gun , a wand , and a silver athame . 
 `` you 'd be more impressed with that . 
 and anyway , it 'd be a waste now . '' 
 `` not true . '' 
 he got up from the bed , still naked , and gently pushed me against the wall , cautious of the athame 's sharp blade . 
 `` i 'm ready again . '' 
 i could see that he was , and honestly , i probably could have gone back to bed too . 
 whether that was from lust or a reluctance to fulfill my impending tasks , it was hard to say . 
 `` later , '' i told him , brushing a kiss against his lips . 
 he regarded me suspiciously . 
 `` later means a lot of things with you . 
 an hour . 
 a day . '' 
 i smiled and kissed him again . 
 `` not more than a day . '' 
 i reconsidered . 
 `` maybe two . '' 
 i laughed at the face this earned me . 
 `` i 'll see what i can do . 
 now get some clothes on before the women around here are driven into a frenzy . '' 
 he gave me a mournful look . 
 `` i 'm afraid that 'll happen with or without clothes , my dear . '' 
 when we finally managed to part , i headed off toward ranelle 's room , my post-sex good humor fading . 
 a little air magic left me with only semi-wet hair by the time i reached her . 
 once admitted , i found her writing a letter at her room 's desk . 
 seeing me , she leapt up and curtsied . 
 `` your majesty . '' 
 i motioned her down and took a nearby chair . 
 `` no need . 
 i just wanted to have a quick chat before i returned to the human world . '' 
 her face twitched a little at this , but ambassador training quickly moved her past how strange she probably found that . 
 the ease with which i jumped worlds was n't normal for gentry . 
 `` i 'm sorry for the grisly display this morning . 
 and that i have n't been around much during your visit . '' 
 `` you 're at war , your majesty . 
 these things happen . 
 besides , king dorian has been quite hospitable in your absence . '' 
 i hid a smile . 
 ranelle was hardly in a frenzy , but it was clear dorian had charmed her , as he did so many women . 
 `` i 'm glad . 
 were you writing your king ? '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` i wanted to send him my report right away , although i 'll be leaving later today . '' 
 magic filled the otherworld and the gentry , and there were those among them with the power to expedite messages . 
 a magical e-mail , of sorts . 
 it allowed gossip to spread fast and meant her letter would get back to her homeland before she did . 
 i eyed it on the desk . 
 `` what will you tell him ? '' 
 she hesitated . 
 `` may i be blunt , your majesty ? '' 
 `` of course , '' i said , smiling . 
 `` i 'm human . 
 er , half human . '' 
 `` i empathize with you . 
 i understand your grievance and know king damos will too . '' 
 she was carefully skirting the explicit details of leith raping me . 
 `` but tragic as your situation is ... well , it is your situation . 
 i do n't believe it 's one we should risk the lives of our people for - begging your pardon , your majesty . '' 
 delivering bad news obviously made her uneasy . 
 my father , honorifically referred to as storm king , had been known for his power and cruelty . 
 i was n't as ruthless , but i 'd had my share of frightening shows of power as well . 
 `` no offense taken , '' i assured her . 
 `` but ... if i may also be blunt , your king is in a precarious situation . 
 he 's growing old . 
 his power will eventually fade . 
 your kingdom will be open for others to move in on . '' 
 ranelle went perfectly still . 
 the lands of the otherworld bound themselves to those with enough power to claim them . 
 `` are you threatening us , your majesty ? '' 
 she asked quietly . 
 `` no . 
 i have no interest in another kingdom - especially one so far away . '' 
 distance was relative in the otherworld , but the linden land did take a bit longer to get to compared to some of the kingdoms nearer to me , like the rowan land and dorian 's oak land . 
 `` perhaps not , '' she said uncertainly . 
 `` but it 's no secret king dorian has wanted to expand his territory . 
 that 's why he took you as a consort , right ? '' 
 now i stiffened . 
 `` no . 
 that 's not it at all . 
 neither of us have interest in your land . 
 but your neighbors - or people within the land itself - probably do . 
 from what i 've heard , damos would like his daughter to inherit . '' 
 ranelle nodded slowly . 
 inheritance was by power here , not by blood - but most monarchs still longed for family succession , if they were lucky enough to have children at all . 
 i gave ranelle a knowing smile . 
 `` her control of the land depends on her own power , of course . 
 but if damos helped us now , we could certainly help later against any ... usurpers hoping to claim the linden land . '' 
 assassination , outright war . 
 the methods were less important than my meaning . 
 ranelle stayed silent , no doubt turning this over in her mind . 
 was a promise like that worth committing their armies to ? 
 unclear . 
 but it was certainly worth bringing to her king . 
 `` and , '' i added casually , shifting us from that dangerous topic , `` i 'd be happy to negotiate very favorable trade agreements with your king . '' 
 by which i meant my staff would negotiate it . 
 i hated economics and the politics of trade . 
 but , my kingdom had literally and figuratively become a hot commodity . 
 my shaping it in arizona 's image had created harsh conditions - but also brought along tons of copper deposits . 
 copper was the chief metal in a world that could n't work with iron . 
 ranelle nodded again . 
 `` i understand . 
 i 'll bring this to his attention . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 i rose from my chair . 
 `` i 'm sorry i have to go now , but definitely let anyone here know if you need anything else . 
 and send my greetings to damos . '' 
 ranelle told me she would , and i left her , feeling rather pleased with myself . 
 i disliked these sort of diplomatic talks almost as much as economic ones , mostly because i did n't think i was very adept . 
 but that one had gone well , and even if the linden land did n't join us , i felt certain dorian had been right : they would n't fight against us either . 
 i was walking toward the castle 's exit , intending to go to the nearest gate back to the human world , when i passed a certain hallway . 
 i hesitated , staring down it as i waged a mental war . 
 then , grimacing , i altered my destination and turned the corner . 
 the room i sought was easy to find because two guards stood outside of it . 
 both were dorian 's soldiers , chosen because if anyone was going to father the heir to storm king 's legacy , they wanted it to be their own lord . 
 and everyone knew i was the mother he wanted , not the room 's occupant . 
 one of the guards knocked and then opened the door slightly . 
 `` the queen is here . '' 
 i did n't need permission to enter any room in my own castle but still waited for a response . 
 `` come in . '' 
 i entered and found jasmine sitting cross-legged on her bed , attempting some kind of embroidery . 
 seeing me , she irritably tossed it aside . 
 `` this is the stupidest thing ever . 
 i wish the shining ones had more fun things to do . 
 i wish i could go horseback riding . '' 
 that last part was spoken with a knowing tone , and i ignored it . 
 jasmine was under house arrest , and i was n't about to allow an activity that might let her slip her guards . 
 i picked up the green velvet she 'd been working on and studied her stitches . 
 `` goldfish ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` daffodils ! '' 
 she exclaimed . 
 i hastily set it down . 
 really , considering the loose iron chains she wore on her wrists to stunt magic use , it was impressive that she could sew at all . 
 `` i 'm going back to tucson , '' i said . 
 `` i wanted to check on you . '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` i 'm fine . '' 
 despite her young age , jasmine had wanted - and still did want , i suspected - to be the mother of storm king 's heir . 
 the prophecy had n't been specific . 
 it simply said his daughter 's first son would be the conqueror . 
 that made it a race between the two of us - except i was n't playing . 
 her forced stay here ensured she was n't either . 
 she 'd hated me for this initially but had grown more civil after the war started . 
 she considered leith 's actions an insult to our family . 
 it was bizarre logic , but seeing as it had stopped her temper tantrums , i welcomed it . 
 `` do you ... need anything ? '' 
 i asked . 
 a stupid question to ask someone who wanted freedom . 
 she pointed to the ipod lying beside her . 
 `` it needs charging again . '' 
 it always needed charging . 
 normal battery life aside , the otherworld interfered with electronics . 
 `` books or magazines or something . 
 i 'd kill for a tv . '' 
 i smiled . 
 that one was out of my reach . 
 `` sometimes i would too when i 'm here . '' 
 `` how 'd it go with that linden lady ? 
 is she going to help us beat up katrice ? '' 
 jasmine 's moping face suddenly turned fierce . 
 she had powers similar to mine , and while not as strong , they could still cause a lot of damage . 
 if i 'd let her loose , jasmine would probably march right over to the rowan land and try to bring the castle down . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i 'm not getting my hopes up . '' 
 jasmine 's gray eyes turned calculating , making her seem wiser than her fifteen years should be capable of . 
 `` as long as you and dorian stay together , you 're the badasses around here - especially you . '' 
 surprisingly , there was no sneer as she said this . 
 `` but you 've got ta make sure maiwenn does n't join katrice . 
 you know she 's thinking about it . '' 
 yes , despite her often pouty and childish attitude , jasmine was smart . 
 `` you 're right , '' i said . 
 `` but thinking and doing are two different things . 
 you said it yourself : dorian and i are badasses . 
 i do n't think she 's going to want to mess with us . '' 
 there was something comfortable about being able to have a discussion with someone not using the gentry 's formal language construction . 
 `` probably not . 
 but she 's scared to death you 're going to have our father 's heir . '' 
 jasmine eyed me carefully . 
 `` you have n't changed your mind , have you ? 
 you and dorian certainly do it enough . '' 
 `` that 's none of your business , '' i said , wondering if that servant had already talked about what she 'd seen in bed . 
 `` tell that to dorian . 
 he brags about it all the time . '' 
 i groaned , knowing it was true . 
 `` well , regardless , i 'm not having kids anytime soon . '' 
 `` you should , '' jasmine said . 
 `` or let me . 
 katrice would totally back off . '' 
 `` and then maiwenn really would come after us . '' 
 maiwenn ruled the willow land and was very much against storm king 's prophecy coming true . 
 she also had a few other reasons for not liking my alliance with dorian - or rather , her associates did . 
 `` yeah , '' said jasmine . 
 `` but you could still kick her ass . '' 
 i rose and scooped up the ipod , putting it in my satchel . 
 `` let 's stick to one ass-kicking at a time . '' 
 an awkward silence fell . 
 how odd that we 'd just had a civil conversation . 
 i 'd grown up an only child , sometimes wishing i had a sister . 
 the one i 'd ended up with was hardly what i 'd expected , but maybe i should be grateful for even this . 
 `` well , '' i said at last . 
 `` i 'll see you soon . '' 
 she nodded and picked up the velvet , scowling at it as though it had given her personal offense . 
 i was almost at the door when she suddenly said , `` eugenie ? '' 
 i glanced back . 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 `` will you bring me some twinkies ? '' 
 i smiled . 
 `` sure . '' 
 i might have come to accept being queen of the thorn land , and it was hard not to grow attached to a place you had a spiritual connection to . 
 nonetheless , nothing the otherworld offered would ever take the place of my home in tucson . 
 it was a small house , but in a nice neighborhood , near the catalina mountains north of the city . 
 gateways between the worlds existed all over , facilitating travel , but i had an `` anchor '' in my home , meaning once i shifted out of the thorn land 's gate , i was able to materialize directly in my bedroom . 
 an anchor could be any object tied to your essence . 
 my roommate tim , who had n't seen me in a few days , was understandably shocked when i came strolling into the kitchen . 
 `` jesus christ , eug ! '' 
 he exclaimed . 
 he 'd been flipping pancakes at the stove . 
 `` we 've got to put a bell around your neck or something . '' 
 i grinned and had an inexplicable urge to hug him - though i knew that would freak him out even more . 
 after all the craziness in the otherworld , his normality was a welcome sight . 
 well , `` normality '' might have been an exaggeration . 
 tim - with his tall , dark , and handsome looks - had taken to impersonating native americans -lrb- badly -rrb- in order to score chicks and make money selling his awful poetry . 
 he rotated through various tribes , and last i knew , he 'd been passing himself off as tlingit , seeing as the locals got a little less pissed off by him donning the clothes of a tribe living hundreds of miles away . 
 he lived in my house rent-free in exchange for cooking and housework , and i was glad to see him dressed in an ordinary jeans and t-shirt ensemble today . 
 `` are you making enough for two ? '' 
 i asked , heading straight for the full coffeepot . 
 `` i always make enough for two . 
 but most of it goes to waste . '' 
 that last part came out as a grumble . 
 he 'd once complained about being my `` slave '' but missed my being around now . 
 `` messages ? '' 
 `` usual place . '' 
 when in the otherworld , i left my cell phone with tim . 
 it forced him to play secretary , something he resented since i actually already employed one . 
 indeed , most of the messages he 'd scrawled on the refrigerator 's white board were from her . 
 tue. - 11 am - lara : two job offerstue . 
 - 2:30 pm - lara : one possible client needs asap helptue . 
 - 5:15 pm - lara : still wants to talk to youtue . 
 - 5:20 pm - lara : needs you to finish tax paperworktue . 
 - 10:30 pm - lara : wo n't stop callingwed . 
 - 8 am - lara : who calls this early?wed . 
 - 11:15 am - bitchwed . 
 - 11:30 am - sam 's home improvement : interested in vinyl siding ? 
 i admired his detailed message taking - frustration with lara aside - but my heart sank when i saw who was conspicuously missing . 
 every time i came home , i secretly hoped i 'd see their names up there . 
 sometimes , on the sly , my mom would check on me . 
 but my stepdad , roland ? 
 he never called anymore , not after finding out about my allegiance to the otherworld . 
 tim , preoccupied with his cooking , did n't see my face . 
 `` i do n't get why she keeps calling . 
 she knows you ca n't get any of her messages . 
 why does she need more than one ? 
 it 's not like a billion of them are magically going to get through to you . '' 
 `` it 's just her way , '' i said . 
 `` she 's efficient . '' 
 `` that 's not efficient , '' he declared . 
 `` it 's borderline neurotic . '' 
 i sighed , wondering not for the first time if i should just let messages go to voice mail . 
 despite having never met , tim and lara were mortal phone enemies . 
 hearing them bitch about each other was wearying . 
 nonetheless , staring at her string of calls already made me feel tired . 
 i 'd once had a brisk trade as a freelance shaman , kicking out ghosts and other annoying supernatural creatures who harassed humans . 
 now that i moonlighted as a fairy queen , i 'd had to become much more selective with clientele . 
 i could no longer keep up with the demand around here and felt bad about that . 
 i suspected roland was picking up my slack but did n't know for sure . 
 i waited until after breakfast before dealing with lara . 
 pancakes , sausage , and coffee gave me the strength to deal with this latest batch of requests . 
 undoubtedly seeing my number on her caller id , lara did n't bother with formalities when i finally called . 
 `` about time , '' she exclaimed . 
 `` has he been giving you my messages ? '' 
 `` he just did . 
 i 've been gone for three days . 
 you know you do n't need to keep bugging him about it . '' 
 `` i want to make sure he tells you i called . '' 
 `` he writes them down , every one . 
 besides , my phone 's log also tells me you 've called ... a lot . '' 
 `` hmphf . '' 
 she let it go . 
 `` well , you 're getting a lot of requests lately . 
 i 've thinned them out , but you 've still got to choose . '' 
 it was almost february . 
 we were n't near any major sabbats , when paranormal activity always increased . 
 sometimes , though , it happened for no reason . 
 it figured now would be one of those times - right while i was in the middle of a war . 
 or , i realized , it might be happening because of that . 
 my identities as queen and shaman were both well known among many creatures . 
 maybe they hoped they could get away with more while i was distracted . 
 half seemed to show up for selfish purposes in our world ; the other half hoped to forcibly father storm king 's heir on me . 
 `` okay , '' i said . 
 `` let 's hear the priorities . '' 
 `` we need to finish your taxes . '' 
 `` that 's not a priority . 
 keep going . '' 
 `` single woman , stalked by a fetch . '' 
 `` that 's serious . 
 i 'll have to get on that one . '' 
 `` tree elemental . 
 in your neighborhood . '' 
 `` yeah , that one 's here for me . 
 he wo n't hurt anyone else . '' 
 `` phantom-infested subdivision . '' 
 `` on a graveyard ? '' 
 `` yup . '' 
 `` schedule it , and make sure the builder 's charged double . 
 their own stupid fault . '' 
 `` will do . 
 then you 've got the usual weirdness . 
 lights in the sky . 
 possible ufo . '' 
 `` was that wil again ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` damn it ! 
 did you tell him it 's just the military ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 he also said there 's been some bigfoot sightings - '' i froze . 
 `` bigfoot ? 
 where ? '' 
 `` i did n't get the details . 
 i thought it was his usual craziness . 
 and did n't you say they do n't live in arizona ? '' 
 `` they do n't . 
 has there been anything weird in the news ? 
 deaths ? '' 
 there was a pause , and i heard the rustling of papers . 
 `` two hikers died over in coronado , near the rappel rock trail . 
 the report stated that they fell . 
 took a couple days to find their bodies . 
 nasty stuff . 
 some animals got to them . '' 
 i was up and out of my chair in a flash , making the dishes on the kitchen table rattle . 
 tim , leafing through a magazine , looked up in alarm . 
 `` call wil , '' i told her , trying to tug on one of my boots while balancing the phone . 
 `` find out where he heard about these bigfoot sightings . 
 if it 's not coronado , give me a call back . 
 if it is , no need to call . '' 
 wil was jasmine 's half brother , and i avoided speaking to him when i could . 
 one reason was that he always asked me about her . 
 the other was that he was a crazy , paranoid conspiracy theorist . 
 this time , he might be on to something . 
 lara was understandably startled . 
 `` but you said bigfoot - '' `` it 's not bigfoot . '' 
 `` do n't forget your other job tonight ! '' 
 `` i wo n't . '' 
 i disconnected and managed to get on the other boot . 
 tim regarded me warily . 
 `` i do n't like it when you get that look . '' 
 `` that makes two of us . '' 
 he watched as i went to our hallway closet and produced a little-worn leather coat . 
 `` you 're going to coronado ? '' 
 `` yup . '' 
 `` high ? '' 
 `` yup . '' 
 he sighed and gestured to where we hung our keys near the door . 
 `` take my car . 
 it 'll handle better if you run into snow . '' 
 i slung my satchel over my shoulder and flashed him a grateful smile . 
 he warned me to be careful , but i was already out the door with the keys , heading for his subaru . 
 my eyes barely saw the road as i drove toward coronado state park . 
 bigfoot . 
 no , you would n't find bigfoot out here , not even in the catalinas . 
 now , tell me there 'd been a sighting in the pacific northwest ? 
 or anywhere in canada ? 
 yeah , it 'd be bigfoot hunting time . 
 but it would n't be a priority . 
 they were generally harmless . 
 here ? 
 when you got a bigfoot sighting in tucson , it was a demon bear . 
 yeah - i know . 
 it was a ridiculous name , but it got the point across - and really , there was nothing funny about them . 
 they came from the underworld and were utterly lethal . 
 with their tall and furry appearance , it was easy to understand why the untrained eye would mistake them for popular images of bigfoot . 
 demon bears did n't fuck around either . 
 if only two people were dead , then this one had n't been in the area long . 
 we were lucky - even if the hikers were n't . 
 no rodents or foxes had fed on those bodies . 
 in tucson proper , we were enjoying our typically mild winter weather - mid-seventies today , if i had to guess . 
 as i drove higher into the mountains , the temperature dropped rapidly . 
 i soon saw snow on the ground and signs for mt. lemmon 's ski resorts . 
 other signs directed me toward popular hiking and climbing areas - including rappel rock . 
 in and of itself , it was a popular area for outdoorsmen . 
 with its proximity to the ski areas , the demon bear 's presence was doubly dangerous this time of year . 
 i finally reached the trailhead and parked in a gravel lot . 
 only a couple other cars were there , which was a small blessing . 
 i stepped out of the subaru , shocked by the blast of cold air that hit me . 
 i was not used to these temperatures . 
 i had n't been bred for them . 
 give me monsters and ghosts ? 
 no problem . 
 but cold weather ? 
 that was a weakness . 
 i could 've used magic to adjust the air but needed to conserve my power . 
 instead , as i stuffed my arsenal into my belt - not comfortable but ready for easy access - i used my magic for a summoning . 
 i spoke the ritual words , and a few moments later , a small implike creature appeared before me . 
 he had pointed ears , smooth night-black skin , and red slits for eyes . 
 `` my mistress calls , '' he said in a flat voice , `` and i answer , no doubt for some mundane task . '' 
 `` we 're going after a demon bear , '' i said , moving briskly toward the trail and trying my best to ignore the cold . 
 my jacket was n't suited for this weather at all , but it was the best i had . 
 `` a more challenging task than most , '' he observed . 
 i ignored his condescension as i stopped before the sign indicating the various routes and levels of difficulty for these climbs and hikes . 
 volusian was a cursed spirit i 'd subdued and enslaved . 
 his power made him a useful asset - and a risky one . 
 he hated me and spent a good deal of his time planning how to kill me , should i ever lose the control needed to bind him . 
 i closed my eyes , attempting to become one with the air rather than its victim . 
 the world was silent here , save for the rustling of wind in the pines and chatter of birds and small animals . 
 i spread my senses out , seeking something out of place . 
 my abilities were n't perfect , but i could often sense a presence not from our world . 
 `` there . '' 
 i opened my eyes abruptly and pointed near a trail marked `` moderately difficult . '' 
 `` do you feel anything ? '' 
 volusian studied the area , using his senses as well . 
 `` yes . 
 but more there . '' 
 he pointed not at the trail itself but more toward its left , off into the woods . 
 i grimaced but knew his senses were slightly better than mine . 
 `` off-roading . 
 lovely . '' 
 we set out in that direction . 
 volusian shifted to a more ghostly form that floated along with me , rather than treading through the underbrush like i had to . 
 it was n't anything i could n't handle , but it made for slow going . 
 yet , as i traveled farther and farther , that magical feel increased . 
 `` it will sense you too , mistress , '' said volusian , in a rare show of unsolicited commentary . 
 i did n't doubt it . 
 `` will it come after me ? 
 or will it run ? '' 
 `` run ? 
 no . 
 hide ? 
 perhaps . '' 
 there was a calculated pause . 
 `` it wo n't try to force itself sexually on you , however . 
 the blood of the shining ones is too alluring . 
 it will simply try to eat you . '' 
 `` how reassuring , '' i muttered . 
 `` i 'll do the banishing . 
 you distract it . '' 
 soon , i needed no special senses to know we 'd reached our goal . 
 the forest had grown deadly silent . 
 no more birds or other signs of life . 
 a strong sense of ... wrongness filled the air . 
 the worlds were stacked : human , otherworld , underworld . 
 with our proximity , otherworldly creatures could sometimes move throughout this world without me feeling anything . 
 something from the underworld was too foreign . 
 it stuck out . 
 `` we 're close , '' i murmured . 
 `` we 're practically - oomphf ! '' 
 a massive arm swung out from a cluster of trees and hit me in the stomach , knocking me painfully backward . 
 there was nothing i could do to prevent my fall onto the forest floor of sharp sticks and rocks , but i did manage to grab hold of my wand as i went down . 
 a giant form loomed in front of me , almost eight feet tall . 
 long-limbed , with clawed feet and hands , its muscled body could easily be mistaken for that of a bigfoot . 
 its ears - while definitely bearlike - were flattened against its head , adding to the humanoid appearance . 
 it roared , showing a mouthful of sharp teeth . 
 black eyes , filled with nothing but mindless rage , peered down at me . 
 volusian , compelled by my orders , threw himself against the bear . 
 the power radiating around volusian 's body had the substantiality of a ton of bricks . 
 the creature staggered backward , eyes shifting angrily to my minion . 
 the fact that volusian had n't knocked it to the ground was concerning . 
 they were either well matched , or the demon was even more powerful than volusian . 
 the latter would be problematic , seeing as i was n't strong enough to banish volusian . 
 well , that is , i was n't strong enough to banish him and fight him . 
 if someone else subdued him , i could have sent volusian on . 
 if this demon bear had the means to defeat volusian , then i 'd be cake . 
 hopefully , the demon bear could n't obliterate volusian while distracted by something else - me . 
 i scrambled to my feet , holding my wand out as i prepared to open a door to the underworld . 
 volusian and the demon battled it out , neither capable of killing each other . 
 i gathered my will , channeling the power of my soul to spread past this world and the otherworld , on to the underworld . 
 on my arm , a tattoo of a black and white butterfly sacred to persephone began to burn as i touched her domain . 
 the air near the demon dematerialized , forming an opening to the underworld . 
 grabbing my silver athame with my free hand , i approached the battle , cautious of both the combatants and the forming gate . 
 volusian hovered over the demon , keeping its eyes directed high . 
 i sneaked up unnoticed . 
 with well-practiced speed , i snaked out with the athame , drawing an arcane symbol on the demon 's chest . 
 usually , banishing a demon back to its domain kept it from returning . 
 a binding mark like this ensured it . 
 i did n't want to take any chances . 
 the demon 's roar of rage echoed through the woods , and it turned toward me . 
 i 'd anticipated this and had already scrambled away , keeping out of its reach . 
 really , i 'd been lucky the first time it hit me . 
 it had the strength to kill me with one blow . 
 volusian came forward again to pull the demon 's attention back - only , it did n't work . 
 the demon recognized the threat i was and could feel the opening of the gate . 
 volusian , attacking and attacking , was a nuisance - a painful one - but one the demon could apparently ignore as it came toward me . 
 `` shit , '' i said . 
 i backed farther and farther away , but the demon was quickly closing the distance . 
 its massive feet could trample the underbrush that slowed me so much . 
 i worked hard to ignore just how dire my situation had become and instead concentrated on the gateway . 
 that door grew more substantial , and soon , its power began calling to its own - sucking the demon back . 
 the creature paused in its attack . 
 the problem was , the gate wanted to pull volusian too . 
 orders or not , he moved out of range for self-preservation , which i did n't exactly blame him for . 
 only , without my minion to beat on the demon , it now had just enough strength to fight the gate and keep coming toward me . 
 it had to know that if it could take me out , the gate would go away too . 
 suddenly , i heard something approaching us , sticks and leaves crackling under strong feet - or , to be more precise , paws . 
 a red fox - much larger than a normal one - sprang out onto the demon 's back , sinking its teeth into the furry brown hide . 
 this brought another shriek from the demon - and gave me a moment 's respite . 
 i threw all my power into the gate and jerked the demon toward it . 
 the demon flailed , unable to fight being sent back to its own world . 
 the fox had the sense to get out of the way , its services no longer needed . 
 the demon gave one last mournful cry and then faded from our sight . 
 i stretched the wand toward where the demon had disappeared , sending my energy through the wand 's gems to banish the gate as well and reseal this world . 
 silence followed , except for my own rapid breathing . 
 slowly , birds began to sing again , and the forest 's natural state returned . 
 i leaned against a tall , leafless oak in relief . 
 the banishing had n't been as easy as i expected , but it certainly could have ended worse - like , with my death . 
 `` we did n't need your help , '' i said . 
 `` we were doing just fine . '' 
 the fox was no longer there , as i 'd already known . 
 it had transformed into a tall , muscled man , with deep , golden-brown skin and black hair that barely touched his shoulders . 
 he was a kitsune , a shape-shifting japanese fox from the otherworld . 
 actually , he was half-kitsune . 
 his mother had been the kitsune ; his father a mortal from arizona . 
 power-wise , it made little difference . 
 `` yeah , '' said kiyo , crossing his arms over his chest . 
 he needed no coat and simply wore a burgundy t-shirt . 
 `` you seemed to have it all under control . '' 
 `` we were about to , '' i retorted . 
 `` actually , mistress , '' said volusian , deadpan , `` your death was probably imminent . '' 
 `` oh shut up , '' i snapped . 
 `` you 're dismissed . 
 go back to the otherworld . '' 
 volusian vanished . 
 i turned back to kiyo . 
 `` what are you doing out here anyway ? '' 
 he shrugged , and i worked hard to ignore the effect his physical appearance always had on me . 
 `` same thing as you . 
 i 'm on wil 's mailing list . 
 when i heard about the bigfoot sightings ... '' i sighed and turned back the way we 'd come . 
 `` i do n't need your help . '' 
 `` i was n't coming to help you . '' 
 he caught up with me easily . 
 `` i was coming to kill a demon bear . 
 you just happened to be here first . '' 
 considering the trouble volusian and i had had , i doubted kiyo could have taken out the demon through brute force . 
 kiyo was strong , yeah , but hardly all-powerful . 
 unfortunately , he was all-bravery . 
 he rushed into impossible situations , ready to defend others - even at cost to himself . 
 he 'd always been reckless that way - except for once . 
 and that was the core of our problems . 
 kiyo and i used to date , wrapped in a deeply romantic and physical relationship . 
 his continual disapproval of my otherworldly relations had begun to fracture things between us . 
 the final break had occurred after leith had raped me . 
 kiyo had come to rescue me but had refused to punish leith . 
 kiyo had advised a tamer course of action : letting otherworldly justice take its course . 
 dorian , however , had opted for on-the-spot justice : he 'd run leith through with a sword . 
 kiyo and i had broken up shortly after that . 
 `` you were outclassed , '' i told kiyo . 
 `` there are a billion other creatures running loose right now . 
 if you want to help , go after them . '' 
 `` ah , yes . 
 i forgot , '' he said . 
 `` tucson 's former caretaker is too busy playing queen . '' 
 i came to a halt and glared . 
 `` i 'm not playing at anything ! 
 controlling the thorn land was n't my choice , and you know it . '' 
 `` that 's true . 
 it was dorian 's choice - one he tricked you into . 
 yet , somehow that does n't matter , and now it 's okay for you to shack up with him and wage war . '' 
 i started moving again , marching through the woods in a haze of anger . 
 when we 'd broken up , kiyo had been sad and withdrawn . 
 over time , he 'd gotten his spunk back and now - whenever we ran into each other - did n't hesitate to express his opinion of dorian , the war , or anything else otherworldly i was involved in . 
 `` the war was n't my choice either , '' i said at last , after refusing to respond for several minutes . 
 `` stopping it was n't exactly out of your control either . '' 
 `` so what are you saying ? 
 that i should just stop now and surrender ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 his calmness was annoying . 
 `` but there must be a peaceful way to end it . 
 to negotiate something . '' 
 `` do n't you think we 've tried ? '' 
 i exclaimed . 
 `` how bloodthirsty do you think i am ? 
 every diplomat we send is either given unreasonable demands or met with death threats . '' 
 `` i like the use of ` we . ' 
 i wonder how seriously dorian is taking the peace process . '' 
 i could see the parking lot through the trees ahead . 
 good . 
 i needed to be away from kiyo . 
 his presence was stifling . 
 it stirred up too many feelings , too many feelings i did n't want to deal with . 
 `` dorian is n't running this by himself . 
 we 're in it together , and we have tried to settle with katrice . '' 
 `` and as that 's failed , you 're now going to march in with your allies and take her land with overwhelming force , expanding your empire . '' 
 we reached the gravel lot , and i turned on kiyo in full anger , hands on my hips . 
 `` we do n't have any allies . 
 and i do n't want another kingdom ! 
 i sure as hell do n't want an empire ! '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` say whatever you want , but everyone knows you 're looking for people to join up with you . '' 
 `` and katrice is doing the same , '' i said smoothly . 
 `` i hear she 's visited the willow land quite a bit . '' 
 ah , that broke him . 
 kiyo 's smug , cool faandccedil ; ade faltered . 
 `` nothing 's decided , '' he said stiffly . 
 `` but your girlfriend 's no fan of dorian and me . 
 she 's afraid of us . 
 how long , kiyo ? 
 how long until she - and you - fight against us ? '' 
 i was gaining ground ; he was on the defensive . 
 he and maiwenn the willow queen had once been lovers ; they 'd even had a daughter together . 
 i 'd never believed their `` just friends '' claims since our breakup . 
 kiyo took a step forward , leaning toward me and fixing me with that dark , dark gaze . 
 `` she 's not my girlfriend . 
 and we 're staying neutral . '' 
 i gave a shrug as masterfully casual as the one he 'd given me earlier . 
 `` if you say so . 
 and i like your use of ` we . ' 
 except , you do n't really have an equal share in it , do you ? 
 you just run along and follow her orders . '' 
 `` damn it , eugenie ! '' 
 he clenched his fists . 
 `` why do you have to be so - '' he could n't finish , and as we stood there , so close , i became aware once more of his body and the memories of our time together . 
 i remembered what that body could do in bed . 
 i remembered the way we 'd laughed , how easily we 'd connected . 
 the otherworld consumed so much of my time lately , but i was still half human . 
 the human part of me called to other humans . 
 and as he looked down at me , the anger softening a little , i had a feeling he was thinking the same thing . 
 if he had any lingering attraction , the animal attributes in him would make this doubly awkward . 
 my physical appearance would trigger sexual attraction that much more quickly . 
 even my scent could arouse him . 
 he looked away . 
 `` well . 
 none of that matters . 
 you should go home . 
 you 're freezing . '' 
 `` i 'm fine , '' i said automatically , like i was n't shivering and covered in goose bumps . 
 `` of course you are . '' 
 he glanced back at me , a small , wry smile on his face . 
 `` be careful , eugenie . '' 
 `` with what exactly ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` everything . '' 
 with that , he shape-shifted back into a fox - a smaller , normal one - and scampered off through the trees . 
 naturally , he was too hard-core to have driven up here . 
 suddenly feeling drained , i got out tim 's keys and turned toward the car . 
 i 'd done what i needed to , that was what counted . 
 i did n't want to think about kiyo or war or anything like that . 
 i wanted to go home and rest before the next job . 
 a tingling along my spine made me drop the keys as i felt an otherworldly presence appear behind me . 
 i spun around , pulling my wand back out as i did . 
 there , before me , was a ghost . 
 it was female , looking like she 'd died in her midthirties . 
 her translucent form washed out any color , but her hair was curly and shoulder-length , her clothing casual . 
 seeing a ghost outdoors was rare ; they tended to be attracted to material things . 
 still , location did n't matter . 
 they were dangerous . 
 i pointed my wand at her , banishing words upon my lips . 
 `` wait , do n't ! '' 
 she cried , holding up her hands . 
 pleading ghosts were n't uncommon . 
 `` sorry . 
 this is n't your world . 
 you need to move on . 
 it 's for the best . '' 
 `` please . 
 not yet . 
 i need to talk to you , eugenie markham . '' 
 i frowned , wand still poised and ready . 
 `` how do you know my name ? '' 
 distracting your enemies by saying shocking things is a classic way to get an attack in . 
 if this ghost had wanted to catch me off guard and move in , this would have been her chance . 
 instead , she just hung there in the air , staring at me . 
 i forced my jaw closed and kind of wished kiyo had stuck around to hear this bizarre development . 
 finally , i said , `` that 's not what i do . 
 and anyway ... i mean , would n't you kind of know ? 
 would n't you have seen it ? '' 
 `` no , '' she said mournfully . 
 `` whoever did it shot me in the head before i could see . 
 they made it look like a suicide . '' 
 i grimaced . 
 weak ghosts often appeared in their final state , as they 'd looked at the time of death . 
 this one was strong and able to appear as she remembered herself , for which i was grateful . 
 i would n't have wanted to see her after that gunshot . 
 `` well , i 'm sorry for your ... loss , '' i told her , wondering why i had n't already banished her . 
 `` but private detective work is n't my thing . '' 
 `` i ca n't go to one ! '' 
 she cried . 
 `` or the police . 
 only you can see me . 
 all the other ghosts said you were the one to go to . '' 
 `` all the other - what , do you guys have a country club or something ? '' 
 `` please , miss markham , '' she begged . 
 her eyes were so , so sad . 
 `` i have to find out . 
 if someone dangerous is walking around , i have to know . 
 my family has to know . '' 
 from what i knew , family was usually behind most homicides . 
 `` look , you 're obviously strong . 
 you have to be in order to move around like you do and come outside . 
 it makes sense . 
 if you 're this upset about what happened , then you 're bound strongly to this world while the , um , murder 's unsettled . 
 so , the odds are , you probably could appear to someone else . 
 would n't work on most humans , but you might get someone close to you to see you and hear you . '' 
 `` but would they believe me ? '' 
 she asked bitterly . 
 `` they 'd think they were imagining things . 
 you 're the only one who knows this is real . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` sorry . 
 i do n't investigate this stuff . 
 certainly not for ghosts . 
 you 're getting my best offer here . 
 otherwise ... '' i held up the wand . 
 `` you move on to peace . '' 
 she scowled and disappeared . 
 yes , a very strong ghost , one who should have already been in the underworld right then and there . 
 i should n't have stopped to talk . 
 but what was one more ghost when i was already letting so many slide by ? 
 kiyo 's accusatory words came back to me . 
 i felt like i was doing a half-ass job in both worlds , too divided to give either my full attention . 
 nonetheless , i made the most of my day in tucson . 
 i knocked off three more jobs for lara , much to her relief . 
 jobs meant money , meaning both of us got paid . 
 she 'd hinted in the past that our drop in work was creating financial problems , enough that she might need a second job . 
 that made me uneasy because a second job could easily turn into her only job . 
 finding an administrative assistant who could schedule and bill supernatural appointments was n't that easy . 
 i came home at last to an empty house , with a note scrawled from tim saying he had `` a gig '' tonight and that there was fettuccine alfredo in the refrigerator if i wanted it . 
 eating in front of the tv , i selfishly felt resentful that he 'd go out on one of the few nights i was home . 
 but why would n't he ? 
 he certainly had a life , one i was hardly in . 
 what really brought me down was that on a night like this , i once would have been over at my mom 's eating dinner . 
 for a second , i stared at my phone and considered taking the plunge . 
 but , no . 
 if she wanted to get in touch clandestinely , she would . 
 calling now would risk me getting roland , who would hang up on me . 
 or most likely not answer . 
 frustrated , i decided i did n't want to stay here anymore . 
 it was weird , especially since i 'd wanted to come home so badly earlier . 
 yet , i felt like i was n't welcome in my own house . 
 i showered off the day 's fights - no gentry baths for me - and headed right back to the otherworld . 
 i almost never came and went the same day , but suddenly , my kingdom seemed like the only place i had friends at the moment . 
 they were surprised to see me back so soon . 
 i found shaya and rurik playing chess in a formal sitting room , leaning together and laughing as she planned her next move . 
 both jumped when they saw me . 
 `` your majesty , '' said shaya . 
 they 'd instantly gone from casual to formal mode . 
 `` sit , both of you . 
 you should know better . '' 
 i sat as well , sinking into a down-filled love seat that i 'd inherited from the castle 's previous owner . 
 shaya and rurik returned to their seats , relaxing somewhat . 
 `` we did n't think you 'd be back for a while , '' said rurik , ever blunt . 
 shaya looked twitchy , like she wanted to get up , despite what i 'd said . 
 `` should i have the kitchen start preparing dinner ? '' 
 `` no , no , do n't bother . '' 
 it was common among gentry monarchs for every meal to be a full-fledged banquet , particularly dinner , hosting the full court . 
 with my schedule and the fact that i did n't even keep a full court - just the essentials - that was not the case around here . 
 my kitchen staff had it easy , and i certainly did n't want them to get in a sudden panic over a meal they would have normally started on hours ago , had they known i 'd be there . 
 i stared off at the empty fireplace , which had been unused since i 'd taken over . 
 had the thorn land shifted into winter , we might have needed it . 
 a kingdom 's seasons bent to its monarch 's will , and although tucson was in winter right now , my subconscious apparently thought summer was the proper state . 
 shaya and rurik regarded me patiently , wondering what it was i wanted , if not dinner . 
 i was n't sure myself . 
 i fumbled for something to say . 
 `` news or messages on the war front ? '' 
 `` no , '' said rurik . 
 not surprising . 
 ranelle had probably only just gotten home . 
 she was likely feasting with the linden king right now . 
 i met shaya 's eyes . 
 `` it 's probably dinnertime at dorian 's , huh ? 
 or close to it . '' 
 she tilted her head thoughtfully . 
 there were no clocks in the otherworld , but she had a good sense of the time . 
 `` i would imagine so , your majesty . '' 
 `` do you think he 'd mind unscheduled visitors ? '' 
 `` you ? '' 
 shaya laughed . 
 `` hardly . '' 
 i glanced between the two of them , feeling a smile creep onto my lips . 
 `` what do you say ? 
 should we go crash his party ? '' 
 `` party crashing '' might not be a colloquialism among the gentry , but it did n't take shaya or rurik long to figure out what i meant . 
 both sprang to action . 
 i could n't travel alone during wartime , so rurik had to assemble a military escort for us . 
 shaya left to alert the civilians who 'd go with us and make herself ready for a royal visit . 
 both of them were excited , i could tell . 
 humans and gentry were n't so different , in a lot of ways . 
 once at dorian 's , shaya and rurik would have few official duties . 
 this was the equivalent of an otherworldly night on the town . 
 in my rooms , i found my handmaiden nia anxiously awaiting me . 
 gentry magical skills ranged greatly . 
 i controlled weather . 
 dorian could rip apart the earth . 
 and nia ? 
 her talent was in beautifying others , in hair and clothing . 
 like those of my cooks , her skills were often underutilized . 
 `` let 's get ready , '' i told her . 
 her face lit up , and she practically ran to the wardrobe . 
 `` which would you like , your majesty ? '' 
 her hand hovered near a black cocktail dress from the human world , then moved to a gauzy blue sundress . 
 then , she hesitated altogether and glanced at me questioningly . 
 it would n't have been out of character for me to show up at a state function in the jeans i already wore . 
 after my earlier loneliness , i was excited to see dorian - almost desperately so . 
 he seemed like my only connection right now , and i suddenly liked the idea of surprising him . 
 `` the peach one , '' i said . 
 nia nodded , her fingers skimming the dresses . 
 finding no peach , she frowned and rechecked them . 
 then , her gaze went to the other half of my wardrobe , where the gentry dresses she and others had had made for me hung . 
 her eyes widened as she pulled out a peach silk dress she 'd probably never thought would see the light of day . 
 `` your majesty ! '' 
 was all she could gasp . 
 it was like christmas morning for her . 
 with coppery hair , i had to be careful with what colors i wore , but this was a warm enough shade of peach that it worked . 
 the fabric was shining and fluid , like some living thing . 
 the dress was one long piece , clinging around the torso and then flaring and falling like water from the waist to the floor . 
 gold ribbons laced up the back , decorated with aquamarines . 
 straps , also made from strings of aquamarines , hung loosely off my shoulders around my upper arm , trailing more streams of silk beneath my arm and giving the illusion of sleeves . 
 for all intents and purposes , it was a strapless dress , leaving my arms , shoulders , and a healthy amount of cleavage exposed . 
 `` i think i need a bra , '' i said , eyeing the way the thin silk wrapped around my chest . 
 `` but that 's how it 's worn ! '' 
 said nia . 
 gentry , in fashion and other ways , did n't always share the same taste as humans . 
 nia knew this , and i could see in her face she was terrified i 'd do something human to ruin this dream-come-true of finally dressing me properly . 
 `` fine , '' i said . 
 `` but keep my hair down . '' 
 hopefully it would give me some coverage . 
 lack of a haircut had my ends just barely touching my shoulder blades lately . 
 nia took this as an acceptable compromise , going over every lock of my hair so that it was smooth and slightly curled at the ends . 
 aquamarine barrettes -lrb- the gentry loved jewels too -rrb- were placed strategically throughout my hair , and she forced more jewelry on me in the same color scheme . 
 after a bit of cosmetics , nia deemed me fit to be a queen . 
 i planned on bringing her to dorian 's and was about to tell her we should go when a strange and unexpected thought came to me . 
 `` nia ... can you get my sister ready too ? '' 
 `` your ... your sister , your majesty ? '' 
 she was equally surprised . 
 `` is she coming ? '' 
 i thought about it , wondering the same thing . 
 i never let jasmine leave the castle and its grounds , for everyone 's safety . 
 yet , i could n't shake the thought of how bored and lonely she seemed . 
 plus , i 'd forgotten her twinkies . 
 `` yes , '' i decided . 
 `` she 's coming . 
 be fast . '' 
 nia nodded and headed toward my door , off to whatever closet she always produced endless stores of dresses and jewelry from . 
 jasmine had once been the mistress of this castle 's former king ; for all i knew , her wardrobe was still here . 
 `` nia ? '' 
 i called . 
 the gentry girl paused . 
 `` long sleeves . '' 
 nia nodded again , catching my meaning . 
 it was no secret among the gentry that the thorn queen kept her sister a prisoner . 
 that did n't mean i wanted her chains flaunted , however . 
 and when my whole entourage met up to leave , i could see that nia really was magically gifted with beauty . 
 jasmine - who looked utterly stunned by this unexpected field trip - wore a dress made of pale green velvet . 
 it was floor-length like mine but had long bell sleeves that did a good job of hiding the chains . 
 the dress was more modest than mine too , but i had a feeling nia had n't done it to protect jasmine 's fifteen-year-old modesty . 
 most likely , nia did n't want the queen 's sister to draw more attention than the queen herself . 
 the minimal jewels on jasmine proved as much , and the looks from my own people showed that i was definitely attention-getting . 
 i doubted they 'd ever seen me dressed up like a full-fledged gentry woman . 
 riding a horse in that dress was a pain in the ass . 
 it was n't the first time i 'd done so , and i was glad the skirt was n't as snug as the top . 
 i was also glad our route was short tonight . 
 the otherworld folded in upon itself , taking travelers through ways that seemed impossible but which often proved the most direct path . 
 these paths also cut through other kingdoms - often my neighbors ' . 
 knowing this , our party was on high alert as we rode , everyone tense . 
 to my relief , the road did n't take us through the rowan land - as it frequently did . 
 the only transition between my land and the oak land was a brief stint in the willow land . 
 not comforting , but safer than enemy territory . 
 once dorian 's castle was in sight , my group 's mood lifted , and the party-crashing spirit returned . 
 his home was exactly what you expected from a castle , multi-turreted and made of heavy dark stones , with stained glass windows . 
 as always , it was autumn in the oak land , and although night prevented me from seeing the orange-leaved trees , the smell of harvest and touch of fall chill on my skin reaffirmed for me what season it was . 
 scattered on the castle grounds , i spotted small clusters of peasants around campfires , watching us curiously . 
 like me , dorian had war refugees seeking aid from their monarch . 
 the sight of their faces twisted my stomach , and i forced myself to look away . 
 servants took our horses , people scrambling at our unexpected arrival . 
 guests dropped in all the time for dinner - especially at dorian 's - but we were vips . 
 i walked briskly toward the banquet hall while groveling stewards scurried at my side , promising proper accommodations for my companions and checking on anything else we might need . 
 i came to a halt when i reached the banquet doors . 
 even i with my bad human etiquette knew i had to be announced first . 
 a herald swung open the door , revealing light , color , and noise . 
 dorian had about a hundred people in there tonight , gathered around various tables on chairs and couches . 
 most were gentry nobility . 
 some were his soldiers . 
 others were creatures of the otherworld , types i fought when they crossed to the human world . 
 as i 'd guessed , dinner was already being served , with servants scurrying around and the guests chatting and eating . 
 that all came to a halt when the herald 's voice rang out : `` her royal majesty , queen eugenie markham , called odile dark swan , daughter of tirigan the storm king , protector of the thorn land , beloved of the triple moon goddess . '' 
 i would never get used to all those titles . 
 conversation dropped , and then there was the usual screeching of chair legs as people hastily stood up . 
 once i would have cringed from this , but i knew what was expected now . 
 i began to stride forward but stopped after two steps . 
 most of my soldiers had stayed at the doors , and none of the rest of my retinue would be announced since i had no high-ranking nobility with me . 
 almost . 
 i glanced at the herald . 
 `` my sister , announce my sister . '' 
 his eyes bugged , and i could guess his confusion . 
 not only was that kind of a weird request coming from me , it was also hard for him to manage since jasmine did n't have any official titles . 
 the guy was fast on his feet , though . 
 that was his job . 
 `` the lady jasmine delaney , daughter of tirigan the storm king , sister of eugenie the thorn queen . '' 
 that got a few surprised glances . 
 i smiled at the herald . 
 `` thank you , '' i said softly . 
 `` only next time , announce my name before our father 's . '' 
 he blanched . 
 `` y-yes , your majesty . '' 
 i entered the room at the head of my party , startled i 'd said that to the herald . 
 where had that come from ? 
 a need to diminish storm king ? 
 a desire to tout my own importance ? 
 whatever the reason , i already regretted the words . 
 a long walkway stretched through the room , and halfway down it , dorian emerged from the crowd and stood to meet me . 
 i reached him , and he took my hand , giving it a long and languid kiss . 
 among the gentry , that kiss was perfectly acceptable for receiving one 's lover or a visiting monarch . 
 `` my dear , '' he said , lifting his eyes . 
 they swept over me in that clever , efficient way of his . 
 to all those watching , he was as calm and in control as always , his lips curved into the devil-may-care smile normal for him . 
 still , i could imagine his surprise . 
 he had n't expected to see me this soon . 
 he certainly had n't expected to see me in full queenly glory . 
 i might have been christmas morning for nia , but for dorian , i was dessert being served before dinner . 
 `` you and yours are very welcome . '' 
 it was a formality , one that returned the guests to their seats and declared my party was under dorian 's hospitality , meaning no one here could do us any harm and vice versa . 
 `` i guess ` soon ' does mean all sorts of things , '' he murmured . 
 he glanced toward my cleavage . 
 `` all sorts of things . '' 
 `` hey . '' 
 i kept my voice as low as his . 
 `` are you looking down my dress ? '' 
 `` my dear , i want to do much more than look down it . 
 much , much more . 
 and i want to do it now . 
 i do n't suppose , '' he added , `` that your transformation came along with an embracing of many of our other superior customs ? '' 
 he was referring , of course , to couples scattered about the room who had promptly returned to amorous activities after i was announced . 
 people made out , took off clothing , and even had sex with ease in public . 
 some guests watched , but most went on with their meal as though nothing out of the ordinary were happening . 
 `` no , '' i said firmly . 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 he asked , leaning closer . 
 `` no one would take it amiss . 
 indeed , many would find it reassuring to see their king and queen consummating their relationship . 
 it 's a sign of dominance and power . '' 
 `` i 'm here for dinner , '' i said sweetly . 
 underneath my prim attitude , his words and his body language were already getting to me . 
 you would have thought we 'd last had sex a year ago , not this morning . 
 i might not consent to his exhibitionism , but if i said i wanted to go to his bedroom right now , he 'd immediately turn around and walk out with me . 
 `` dinner , it is , '' he said regretfully . 
 `` perhaps i 'll serve you something special . 
 and i 'm sure you 'll enjoy our guests tonight . '' 
 he began steering me toward the hall 's front . 
 his throne sat on a high pedestal , and below that was the head table where he 'd been dining . 
 my eyes fell on the aforementioned guests , and i nearly stopped walking . 
 instead , i glanced behind me and called , `` rurik ? '' 
 i 'd given instructions for shaya and rurik -lrb- and a handful of guards -rrb- not to leave jasmine 's side . 
 they were seeking out their own table , and even though they were halfway across the room , rurik heard me and turned . 
 with a sharp head nod , i gestured for him to join us . 
 he crossed the room swiftly , arching an eyebrow when he saw the dinner guests and understanding why i 'd want one of my own people around . 
 `` damn it , '' i muttered to dorian . 
 he simply squeezed my hand tighter , his smile growing bigger . 
 i was n't afraid of ysabel , not at all . 
 i did n't think for an instant she could hook dorian back in , and magic-wise , she was no match for me . 
 she 'd actually helped teach me control of air and wind - her specialty - and i 'd quickly surpassed her . 
 nonetheless , she was sharp-tongued ; i was certain dinner with her would be an onslaught of snide and passive-aggressive remarks . 
 rurik 's blunt nature made him good at throwing out barbs of his own , so i was hoping he might assist me . 
 once we sat down , though , i soon learned ysabel was n't the only one i had to worry about . 
 other nobles of no consequence were there , but a new face took precedence . 
 her name was edria - and she was ysabel 's mother . 
 she had an attractive , matronly look about her , though her hair and eyes were dark . 
 ysabel was blue-eyed with rich auburn hair that made her stunning . 
 ysabel 's body went a long way to contribute to her allure as well . 
 what the two women definitely had in common was a crafty , sly demeanor that told me both had few scruples when it came to furthering their own interests . 
 and it was clear that my being with dorian was not in their interests . 
 in public , gentry etiquette dominated , and edria was the picture of politeness . 
 `` your majesty , it is an honor . '' 
 `` thank you , '' i said , settling next to dorian on a very cozy and ornate love seat . 
 it squeezed us together , something i knew he did n't mind as his eyes continued to rake over my body . 
 our legs were so near each other 's that i made the concession of letting mine drape slightly over his . 
 our seat was pulled up close to the table , so the long , heavy tablecloth hid this boldness on my part - as well as the hand he rested on my thigh . 
 `` i 'm surprised to see you here , your majesty , '' said ysabel demurely . 
 with the way her breasts practically spilled out of her dress , i wondered how i could have felt self-conscious about my tight bodice . 
 `` i thought you were busy managing your land and your ... human matters . '' 
 `` it 's not surprising at all , '' remarked rurik , just before reaching for a giant drumstick . 
 he took a huge , savage bite , but waited until he swallowed before continuing with the next remark . 
 it was an improvement on past manners . 
 `` she and my lord can hardly stay away from each other . '' 
 i smiled at the use of `` my lord . '' 
 even after dorian had sent rurik to serve me , the soldier still thought of dorian as his master . 
 `` of course , '' said edria , rushing in when ysabel 's expression turned frosty . 
 `` it 's just , from what we 've heard , you are n't interested in these types of functions . 
 indeed , i had n't expected to meet you in such ... lovely attire . '' 
 `` very lovely , '' said dorian . 
 he 'd dragged his eyes from me at last and gestured for a refill on his wine . 
 i did n't necessarily like having my appearance discussed - even if the discussion was positive - but praising me gave me a boost in status . 
 `` i 'm surprised you were surprised , '' said rurik , this time speaking with his mouth full . 
 well , we could only expect so much progress . 
 `` everyone 's heard how beautiful my lady is . 
 men far and wide want her , but of course , she would only accept the best for her consort . 
 as would my lord . '' 
 from rurik , this was almost charming , but not to the mother and daughter duo . 
 `` my understanding , '' said edria delicately , `` is that more than your , eh , looks add to your appeal . 
 you and your lady sister are both valued for your future children . 
 i can already see she has a number of suitors . '' 
 i glanced across the room at jasmine , sitting by shaya . 
 jasmine had a genuine smile on her face , but whether it was from being out and about or because of the men who had gathered and seemed to be paying her compliments , i could n't say . 
 i forced away a frown . 
 `` my sister and i have no intention of having children , '' i said , turning back to my companions . 
 `` how unfortunate , '' said edria . 
 her eyes darted ever so slightly toward dorian . 
 `` how unfortunate for everyone . '' 
 `` your majesty , '' said ysabel , `` have you met my children ? '' 
 i flinched in surprise . 
 i 'd forgotten she had kids . 
 mother and daughter might insinuate that the prophecy was half of my attractiveness , but i knew that ysabel , after losing her husband , had come to dorian 's court seeking a powerful man through the use of both her beauty and her fertility . 
 i followed her gaze toward a small table by the fireplace . 
 most of its occupants were young . 
 it was like a kids ' table at thanksgiving . 
 i had n't seen many gentry children and could make a good guess at ysabel 's progeny based on their red hair . 
 she confirmed as much . 
 `` that 's my daughter , ansonia . '' 
 in human years , i would have pegged ansonia to be about ten or eleven . 
 her brilliant hair was piled in braids on her head , and she was giggling at a puppy that kept nudging her feet , undoubtedly seeking handouts . 
 `` beside her is my son , pagiel . '' 
 he was a serious-looking young man , contrasting sharply with his laughing sister . 
 relatively speaking , he looked a little older than jasmine . 
 his red hair was darker than ansonia 's , more like ysabel 's , and his blue-gray eyes regarded the puppy 's antics critically , as though deciding if he approved . 
 at last , a tiny smile appeared on his face , transforming him and making a couple of nearby girls his age sigh adoringly . 
 ysabel had clearly pointed her children out as a slam against me , yet i caught sincere affection in her eyes as she regarded the two . 
 i 'd always thought her coming to court to push herself off on some guy was bordering on prostitution , but there was more to the story . 
 her husband had died , leaving her family in financial trouble . 
 it made her actions more understandable , though i still thought she was a bitch . 
 `` children are such a joy , '' said edria , looking at dorian again . 
 i looked at him too as he gazed at ansonia and pagiel . 
 long study had taught me that his eyes held the secrets to his true feelings whenever he wore that lazy , mysterious expression of his . 
 and now , hidden in those green depths , i could see the glint of admiration and longing . 
 a strange feeling welled up in my stomach , and for the first time , i could honestly believe dorian wanted kids with me just for the sake of parenthood and no other agenda . 
 i felt unexpected guilt over this . 
 as though reading my thoughts , he turned his attention on me . 
 his smile warmed me , and whatever wistfulness his eyes had betrayed was replaced now with love - love quickly mingling with lust as he took in my appearance again . 
 in fact , his desire seemed even stronger than it had been when i first entered , and i suddenly wondered if he 'd make a serious attempt at exhibitionism after all . 
 but no , with a deep breath that seemed to summon his control , he respectfully looked back at his guests . 
 yet , under the table , i felt the hand on my thigh tighten , his fingers sliding over the smooth silk of the dress . 
 chills ran over my flesh , but i also politely kept my attention on the others . 
 `` it was amazing how easily ysabel conceived her children , '' edria continued . 
 `` if poor mareth had lived , i have no doubt they 'd have a dozen by now . '' 
 i considered pointing out that if ysabel was so fertile , then she would have surely gotten pregnant when she and dorian were lovers . 
 it seemed in bad taste to me , so i said nothing . 
 such topics were n't out of line for gentry , however , and rurik again jumped in to defend my honor and point out exactly what i 'd been thinking . 
 `` but you 've been with others since then , '' he said . 
 `` and you have n't had any more children . '' 
 dorian 's hand began skillfully gathering the fabric of my dress 's skirt so that it rose up my leg , soon bunching up and exposing my thigh altogether so that his fingers now touched bare skin . 
 i had a feeling he was n't paying much attention to the conversation anymore , despite a very convincing look of interest as he kept his eyes on everyone except me . 
 ysabel glared at rurik . 
 `` i have n't had that many lovers . '' 
 promiscuity was n't an insult among gentry , but in this case , playing down her sex life was intended to explain why she had no other children . 
 meanwhile , dorian 's hand had moved to my inner thigh , slowly and carefully moving up so that he betrayed nothing to the others . 
 when he reached my underwear , his fingers stopped , as though pondering this obstacle . 
 i 'd picked something thin and lacy , mostly to be alluring for later bedroom activities , but it apparently proved convenient now . 
 he gripped the edges , braced a moment , and then jerked so hard that the fabric ripped . 
 in the noisy room , no one heard , and i just barely swallowed a gasp . 
 i gave him a small glare that he either ignored or did n't see . 
 i suspected the former . 
 `` sometimes the gods simply wait for the right opportunity - or rather , the right man . '' 
 edria 's eyes darted to dorian who smiled at her winningly . 
 his chin rested in the hand not under the table , his elbow propped up . 
 `` clearly , mareth was the right union then , and i 'm sure the gods will smile approvingly on ysabel 's next husband . '' 
 her tone and look left no question about who that would be . 
 rurik snorted in disgust . 
 `` i believe the gods have their hands in our affairs , but they 're not interested in every detail - certainly not what goes on between the sheets . '' 
 or under the table , apparently . 
 dorian 's fingers , now with free access , slid all the way up between my legs . 
 whatever disapproval i wanted to convey was contradicted by how wet he found me . 
 the inane smile he was giving edria changed to something a bit more smug . 
 with well-practiced skill , one of his fingers began stroking me , immediately finding the spot that ignited me and burned with pleasure . 
 my heart rate sped up , both from arousal and from anxiety that someone would notice . 
 then , as though wanting to flaunt his audacity , he actually managed perfect conversation while still working to get me off . 
 `` well , if ysabel wants a new husband , we can certainly arrange that . 
 i have a number of nobles who 'd be happy to take her as a wife - or even a consort if she did n't wish to be tied down yet . '' 
 the teasing fingers between my legs had now set the rest of my body on fire . 
 i felt my nipples hardening and regretted the thin silk of the dress . 
 fortunately , no one seemed to be paying attention to me , though that might change , seeing how quickly i was building to orgasm . 
 dorian 's suggestion was n't what edria had wanted to hear , and the grateful expression she put on was clearly forced . 
 `` you 're too kind , your majesty . 
 but it would be so wasteful to give such a fertile woman to some minor lord . 
 surely a gift like ysabel 's deserves ... royalty . '' 
 the aching , tingling ecstasy created by his touch was ready to explode . 
 and to my chagrin , i wanted it to . 
 it was a need i had to have fulfilled . 
 completed . 
 so , it was a shock when his finger moved down from my clit , sliding into me instead . 
 it created a different kind of pleasure , but the move was frustrating , considering how close i 'd been . 
 i spread my legs slightly , giving permission for him to return , but he continued thrusting his finger into me . 
 his motions grew harder and faster , but only the slightest movement of his body gave any sign of what he was doing , and no one seemed to pick up on it . 
 there was something thrilling , something dangerously erotic about knowing he was doing this to me with so many potential witnesses . 
 `` you 're right , '' dorian said , face turning serious , as though he was truly considering edria 's words . 
 `` and i know a couple of kings who might be interested . 
 rurik , do you remember ... does the lotus king have a consort ? '' 
 `` i 'm not sure , '' said rurik , clearly enjoying dorian 's game . 
 `` he 's the one who has the gray streak down the middle of his beard , right ? 
 and the slightly pointed ears ? '' 
 `` that 's the one , '' replied dorian . 
 and then , without warning , dorian 's finger - so , so wet now - slid out and returned to my clit with such fierce rubbing that i came almost instantly . 
 i 'd been ready and aching , and that touch was all it took to push me over . 
 my body twitched as waves of bliss radiated through me , and dorian continued to stroke me , long after it was needed . 
 at last , he pulled away and even went so far as to neatly pull my skirt back before returning his hand to his own lap . 
 a very pleased smile tugged at his lips , though his attention was all on ysabel . 
 `` would you like me to make an introduction ? '' 
 her expression was cold , her response stiff . 
 `` you 're too kind , your majesty . 
 i 'd hate to inconvenience you . '' 
 i had n't paid much attention to her but realized now that she 'd been paying attention to me . 
 i was pretty sure she was the only one at the table who realized what had happened - and she was n't happy about it . 
 `` no inconvenience at all , '' he said . 
 `` i 'll see what i can arrange . '' 
 edria went out of her way to move conversation away from her daughter being hooked up with someone who was n't dorian . 
 i barely heard any of it , and when dinner finally ended , i returned with dorian to his room . 
 my post-orgasm languor gave way to anger almost the moment he shut the door behind us . 
 `` what the hell do you think you were doing ? '' 
 i exclaimed . 
 `` you had no right to do that ! '' 
 dorian made a scoffing noise as he carefully removed and folded his heavy cloak . 
 `` you did n't seem to mind . 
 besides , you 're lucky that 's all i did , what with you showing up without warning in that dress . '' 
 `` hey , i do n't have to consult you on my fashion choices . '' 
 `` no , but you should expect consequences . '' 
 he moved swiftly toward me , hands moving to my waist . 
 `` it was only out of respect for your silly human prudishness that i did n't just take you openly . 
 really , you should be grateful . '' 
 `` grateful ? '' 
 i exclaimed . 
 i sounded outraged , but in truth , the closeness of his body was arousing me again . 
 jesus . 
 it was like i was always in heat . 
 `` grateful , '' he said , a glint of fierceness in his eyes . 
 `` especially after the favor i did you . 
 a favor you now need to repay . '' 
 the hold on my waist went tight , and he pushed me down onto the bed . 
 i could easily have resisted - we both knew who 'd win in a hand-to-hand fight - but i was more than willing to play this game , particularly when he swiftly pulled off his pants and showed the long , hard erection that had undoubtedly been ready to burst the moment he saw me in the dress . 
 i was still wet from earlier and desperately wanted to feel him in me , thrusting as hard as he had with his finger . 
 but to my surprise , it was n't my legs he went for . 
 instead he came forward and knelt , one leg on each side of my head , and pushed himself between my lips . 
 i made a sound of surprise at this , a sound muffled as he filled my mouth and began sliding in and out . 
 he was so big , i could barely contain him . 
 he knew and seemed to exalt in it , his eyes holding mine as he forced my mouth to pleasure him . 
 `` you can take it , '' he said , pumping steadily . 
 `` you will take it . 
 i told you : you owe me . '' 
 it was rough and fierce , but we both knew i did n't mind when dorian played dominant . 
 besides , this change in our sex life was kind of a turn-on . 
 gentry , while not opposed to oral sex , almost always preferred intercourse because of their obsession with children . 
 somehow , the thought of him exploding in my mouth , on my lips , drove me wild . 
 i could feel him swelling , see the lines of tension as his climax grew closer . 
 his lips parted slightly , a small moan escaping . 
 then , just as i was certain he would come , he pulled out and shifted his body down and deftly pulled off my dress . 
 with a tight grip on my legs , he pushed my thighs apart and thrust into me with a hardness that made me cry out and arch my body . 
 it was only a few seconds , hard and fast , and then he came , his whole body spasming as he released himself into me , proving he still had the usual gentry urges . 
 when he was finally spent , he collapsed beside me , sweating and panting . 
 i found his hand , my own body exhausted for different reasons than his . 
 i rolled against him , kissing his neck and tasting the salt of his skin . 
 `` i thought for sure you 'd come in my mouth , '' i murmured , letting my finger toy with his nipple . 
 `` wasteful , '' he murmured , running a hand over my hair . 
 `` is it ? '' 
 i pushed myself up , looking down into his eyes . 
 i kept my voice low and dangerous . 
 `` are you saying you would n't like that ? 
 letting yourself come in my mouth , filling it up , forcing me to taste you ... swallow you ? 
 or maybe you want to come on me ? 
 spread yourself all over me ? '' 
 there was a slight widening of his eyes , a rekindling of his desire . 
 he gave me an enigmatic smile . 
 `` maybe . 
 maybe next time . '' 
 i gave him a playful push . 
 `` tease . '' 
 he yawned and took off his shirt . 
 `` it 'll give you something to wonder about and look forward to , something more cheerful than the battle 's outcome . '' 
 `` what battle ? '' 
 i asked . 
 i 'd been feeling tired too , but his words jolted me to alertness . 
 `` tomorrow , '' he said . 
 he shifted me off of him so that he could pull the covers over us and then took me back into his arms . 
 `` i received word earlier about some rowan movement tonight . 
 i 've sent an army to meet them , and i 'll join them myself in the morning . 
 it 's near my villages at the river 's bend . 
 i think katrice hoped to take them by surprise , but a spy tipped me off . '' 
 `` which army did you send ? '' 
 we had them divided into units . 
 `` the first and third . '' 
 `` both ? '' 
 i exclaimed . 
 `` that 's huge . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` so is hers . 
 we have to answer in kind . 
 besides , those villages are crucial . 
 they supply a lot of food - to both of us . '' 
 i repressed a shiver . 
 those villages were full of civilians as well . 
 dorian 's civilians , farmers and fishermen who could have been looted and killed if he had n't gotten the warning . 
 he and i were allies , but again , i could n't shake the guilt of my own people being in danger over this dispute - let alone his . 
 `` i should go too , '' i murmured . 
 `` i should help . '' 
 dorian stroked my hair . 
 `` no need to put us both at risk . 
 besides , do n't you have more mundane human tasks ? '' 
 yes , i 'd promised lara more jobs tomorrow . 
 `` they 're not as important - not like this . '' 
 `` only one of us is needed , '' he said firmly . 
 `` honestly , probably not even that . 
 we have good leaders , but the fact that one of us always shows up boosts our armies ' confidence - and demoralizes hers . 
 she wo n't set one dainty foot near the battlefield . 
 so stop fretting . 
 we 'll take them . 
 we have greater numbers . '' 
 he kissed the top of my head and took my silence as acquiescence . 
 soon , i felt him sleep , with that ease so many men possessed after sex . 
 not me . 
 i was a longtime insomniac , and this was the kind of thing that could keep me up all night . 
 i was tired of the armies endangering themselves . 
 i was tired of dorian endangering himself . 
 i wanted the killing to stop . 
 kiyo had acted like it was so easy . 
 if only that were true . 
 after a while , i gave up on sleep altogether . 
 i slid out of dorian 's arms and got up from the bed . 
 knowing my party would stay overnight , i 'd packed casual clothes but nothing more . 
 searching through his wardrobe - twice the size of mine - i found a thick green satin robe . 
 it was way too big but served fine as a cover-up . 
 i left the room , needing to walk off my thoughts . 
 the castle halls were silent now , all the revelers having gone to bed . 
 i walked barefoot along the stone floor , trying not to trip over the too-long hem . 
 a few stationed guards nodded as i passed , murmuring , `` your majesty . '' 
 i 'd long ago learned that while some of my human behaviors would always baffle the gentry , most of a monarch 's actions - no matter how bizarre - were n't questioned . 
 no one thought much of me wandering around in dorian 's robe . 
 i reached a set of glass doors that led out to one of dorian 's exquisite courtyards . 
 i knew it 'd be chilly there , but sitting outside suddenly seemed like a good idea . 
 another guard stood there watchfully and opened the door at my approach . 
 i knew this courtyard and knew where a gorgeously colored mosaic-tiled table stood in the corner . 
 it was dull in the night , but as i sat in a chair , the spot gave me a good view of the garden and the thick stars above . 
 flickering torches set on poles were scattered around , just enough for guidance but not enough to ruin the night 's charm . 
 the beauty and peacefulness soothed me a little but could n't shake away my worries about the war . 
 i 'd spent so much of my life fighting that i 'd thought i was immune to blood and killing . 
 i now knew there was a very big difference between an individual kill and death en masse . 
 one - usually - had a point . 
 an individual kill punished the guilty party . 
 armies dead on the battlefield punished no one except the innocent . 
 `` my lady thorn queen ? '' 
 i jumped at the hissing voice that spoke to me from the darkness . 
 at first i saw nothing and wondered if i had a ghost on hand . 
 then , a dark shape materialized from between some trees . 
 it came closer , revealing a wizened gentry woman . 
 she was small , shorter than jasmine , but her white hair was thick and lustrous , her clothing rich . 
 she came to a halt before me . 
 `` who-who are you ? '' 
 i asked . 
 my words came out harsh , mostly because of my surprise . 
 she took no offense . 
 again , a queen 's behaviors were n't questioned . 
 `` my name is masthera . '' 
 i shivered , not from the night 's chill . 
 there was something unsettling about her . 
 `` what are you doing out here ? '' 
 `` i 've come to speak with you , your majesty . 
 you 're worried about the war . 
 you want to end it . '' 
 `` how do you know that ? '' 
 she spread her hands out . 
 `` i am a seeress . 
 i sense things that are , sometimes things to come . 
 i also offer advice . '' 
 this chased a little of my fear away . 
 `` seeress '' was a fancy way of saying `` psychic , '' as far as i was concerned . 
 when you dealt with the supernatural as often as i did , you ran into a lot of so-called psychics . 
 most were frauds , and i suspected that was as true among gentry as humans . 
 `` have you come to offer me advice ? '' 
 i asked wryly . 
 i glanced around uneasily . 
 i knew there had to be guards on watch in the garden and wondered what it would take for them to come tackle a crazy old woman . 
 unless she openly jumped me or something , i had a feeling i was on my own . 
 `` unless your power extends to some kind of mind control over katrice , i do n't see how that 's going to happen , '' i said finally . 
 she crooked me a grin . 
 `` no , that 's not a gift the gods have chosen to bestow on any of the shining ones . 
 even they know the limits of mortals . '' 
 i pulled the robe more tightly around me . 
 seeing as i could n't sleep , i might as well humor her . 
 `` then what 's your plan ? '' 
 `` you need to find the iron crown . '' 
 `` the what ? '' 
 `` the iron crown . '' 
 she said it in a grand , ominous way ... one that really deserved an echo chamber to give it its full effect . 
 `` okay , '' i said . 
 `` i 'll bite . 
 what 's the iron crown ? '' 
 `` an ancient artifact . 
 one worn by the greatest , most powerful leaders in the shining ones ' history . 
 leaders feared by all , who ruled many kingdoms . '' 
 `` i have a crown . 
 a few of them . '' 
 only one was my official `` crown of state , '' but designers had crafted me others to coordinate with my outfits . 
 `` not like this one , '' she said . 
 `` let me guess . 
 it 's made of iron . '' 
 she nodded and looked like she was waiting for me to be impressed . 
 `` sorry . 
 like i said , short of mind control power , i 'm not going on some magic object quest . 
 my life is already like a dungeons and dragons campaign . '' 
 masthera frowned . 
 `` dragons have n't lived in the otherworld in centuries . '' 
 `` forget it . 
 thanks for the , er , advice , but i 'm not interested . '' 
 i shifted uncomfortably . 
 `` i should really get to bed . '' 
 masthera leaned forward , undaunted . 
 `` you do n't understand , thorn queen , '' she hissed . 
 `` only a few are capable of completing the tasks required to gain the crown . 
 most would not even be able to wear it . '' 
 that was easy to figure out . 
 `` right . 
 because it 's made of iron . 
 i do n't think an ability everyone already knows i have from being human would be that impressive . '' 
 `` queen katrice would think so . 
 many of her people would too . 
 her armies might revolt . 
 she herself would be afraid and back off . '' 
 `` all because of the reputation of a crown that does n't have any power ? '' 
 i asked skeptically . 
 `` where is it ? '' 
 `` far away , in a place unknown . '' 
 `` oh good grief . 
 if no one knows where it is , then how am i supposed to get it ? '' 
 `` that 's part of the challenge . 
 find it , and you end the war . '' 
 i eyed her carefully . 
 `` if this is such a great idea , why not bring it to dorian ? 
 your king ? '' 
 `` he knows of it , '' she agreed . 
 `` he 's old enough to remember the legends . 
 but he could n't wear it . 
 only you . '' 
 now she eyed me carefully . 
 `` your father sought it - and failed . '' 
 i stiffened , my voice turning to ice . 
 `` is this part of the prophecy ? 
 some way of marking me as the conqueror 's mother ? 
 is it something i 'm supposed to give to my hypothetical son ? '' 
 `` no , '' she said . 
 her demeanor turned humble , but those eyes still looked shrewd . 
 `` it is merely a means to help you end your war . '' 
 `` i 've heard enough of this ridiculousness . '' 
 i stood up . 
 `` i 'm going to bed . '' 
 masthera started to call after me as i strode away but then bit off her words . 
 i wondered if she had accepted my refusal or simply feared the guards ' responding to continual harassment of me . 
 i returned to dorian 's room and slipped back into bed with him . 
 his arm unconsciously wrapped around me , and although it took a while , my troubled mind finally calmed enough to allow me some brief sleep . 
 it was his movements that woke me a few hours later . 
 i sat up in bed , watching as he dressed . 
 through the windows , the sky was barely a pinkish purple . 
 `` you 're going to meet the armies already ? '' 
 i asked quietly . 
 from a chaise , he lifted a breastplate made of fine copper chain . 
 normally , he had attendants dressing him , and i knew he was doing it alone so that a group of people traipsing through his room would n't wake me . 
 watching him fumble at fastening it , i hurried over to help . 
 `` katrice 's forces will attack as soon as they have enough light . 
 they may have already . 
 it 's only the unfamiliar terrain that stopped them from doing it overnight . '' 
 i finished hooking the chainmail , trying not to think about how rare it was for him to wear any sort of armor . 
 it was a sign of the danger he walked into , even if he avoided the front lines . 
 `` i wish you were n't going . '' 
 he gave me that easy smile and rested his hands on my bare hips . 
 `` me too . 
 i 'd much rather be back in bed with you . 
 stay a couple hours . 
 i 'm sure i 'll be right back . '' 
 that brought a smile to my lips , though i felt no humor . 
 `` yes , i 'm sure that 's all it 'll take . '' 
 he released me and turned to a cabinet on the wall . 
 opening it , he revealed a number of weapons . 
 one of them was an exquisitely made copper sword , crafted by a metalsmith in my employ named girard . 
 dorian touched it reverently , then slipped it into a scabbard he fastened around his waist . 
 while dangerous in and of itself , the sword possessed an extra threat because of dorian 's connection to the earth and its elements . 
 he could infuse it with power . 
 `` dorian ... '' i hesitated , afraid to ask my next question . 
 `` have you ever heard of the iron crown ? '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 he finished fastening the scabbard and glanced back up at me . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` i ran into a woman named masthera last night , who told me about it . '' 
 `` ah , masthera , '' he said fondly . 
 `` every court should have a seeress . 
 her predictions are right about half the time - which is quite remarkable . 
 you should see the farce of a seer they 've got over in the maple land . 
 i 'd be humiliated to keep someone like that around . '' 
 `` hey , focus , '' i chastised . 
 `` this iron crown . 
 masthera claims it could end the war . 
 that by winning it and proving our - er , my - power , i could make katrice back down . '' 
 the smile faded as dorian frowned , looking deep in thought . 
 `` that 's a very real possibility . 
 and you could wear it , could n't you ? '' 
 a sense of wonder lit his words . 
 `` the iron would n't bother you . 
 in legends , some shining ones could wear it through strength and force of will . 
 but you 'd need none of that . 
 it 'd just be in your nature . '' 
 i could hardly believe he was speaking about this seriously . 
 `` and you think she 's right ? 
 this crown - with no power except a reputation - could end the war ? '' 
 `` well , it 's not the crown 's reputation , exactly , '' he said . 
 `` it 's the reputation you gain by fighting the many obstacles to get it . 
 show you can do it , and you show your power . '' 
 it was similar to what masthera had said . 
 `` if others have possessed it - '' `` not for ages , '' he interrupted . 
 `` okay , even if it has n't been for ages ... why would i have to quest for it ? 
 would n't the last owner have just kept it around ? 
 passed it through the family ? '' 
 his smile came back . 
 `` it does n't work that way . 
 the crown wo n't stay with anyone unworthy . 
 once its owner passes , it returns to its home - a home that kills many who seek it . '' 
 `` you did n't answer the earlier question , '' i pointed out . 
 `` could it end the war ? 
 peacefully ? '' 
 he sighed . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 maybe . 
 but as much as you fear me going out today ... i 'd worry more about you going after this trinket . '' 
 i caught hold of his hand . 
 `` you would n't help ? '' 
 i teased , though i still was n't buying any of it . 
 his free hand cupped my face . 
 `` i would if i could . 
 and maybe i could . 
 if the legends are true , you pass through iron fields to get to it . 
 hardly any of the shining ones could do that . 
 i might be able to , with my abilities ... i 'd stand a better chance than most . '' 
 i did n't like the tone of his voice . 
 it sounded as though he was actually considering this . 
 he might connect with the elements of the earth , but iron was still beyond him . 
 `` i could bring volusian , '' i said , wanting to distract him . 
 `` if something happens to him , no harm done , eh ? '' 
 dorian 's face stayed serious . 
 `` no , the legends are quite clear . 
 the iron crown 's lair is blocked to the dead . '' 
 `` well , none of it matters , '' i said . 
 `` the whole idea is ridiculous . '' 
 his face lightened , and he pressed a soft kiss to my lips . 
 `` which is why i leave now . '' 
 my heart sank , knowing the inevitable had arrived . 
 i hurriedly put on my jeans and shirt so that i could see him and the accompanying soldiers off . 
 i knew the armies they would join were massive , but as he rode off toward the rising sun , his group seemed so frighteningly small . 
 when he was out of my sight , i went to summon the rest of my own party . 
 it was time for us to go home . 
 most had enjoyed their `` night out , '' but my mood that morning soon set the tone for our journey back . 
 the one small comfort to my dark morning was that jasmine had n't gotten impregnated . 
 shaya assured me that my sister had never left her sight throughout the night and that jasmine had n't actually even tried anything sinister . 
 she had simply been content to be away from my castle . 
 eyeing her tight iron cuffs and the chains that connected them , i felt a small pang of guilt . 
 i quickly banished it . 
 those constraints had to stay . 
 after that , it was time for another tucson jump . 
 i first summoned volusian and sent him to dorian 's side , both for backup and later reports . 
 i knew dorian would n't welcome my minion , but his having a fighter that could n't be killed would certainly make me feel better . 
 once that and other household affairs were settled , i went back to join humanity . 
 the scene at my house was nearly the same as yesterday . 
 a quiet morning , with tim cooking in the kitchen . 
 only , today he was dolled up in full costume . 
 `` you 're lakota , '' i said , once he 'd recovered from the shock of my abrupt arrival . 
 `` what happened to tlingit ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` the tlingit are cool , but your average stereotype-loving tourist expects this . '' 
 he wore tassled buckskin pants and a long feathered headdress . 
 his bare tanned chest looked like it had been oiled , and it had beaded necklaces hanging on it . 
 studying him , i reconsidered . 
 he was n't true lakota either . 
 just some amalgamation of stereotypes , like he 'd said . 
 `` why are you dressed up so early ? 
 morning commuters are n't going to stop for poetry slams . '' 
 `` it 's saturday , eug . '' 
 `` is it ? '' 
 i asked , startled . 
 my timing was all awry with my double life . 
 `` there 's a cultural fest out by the university , just begging to hear my beautiful insights on nature . '' 
 he flipped some sunny-side up eggs onto a plate with a flourish . 
 `` a cultural - ? '' 
 i groaned . 
 `` tim , the local tribes will be there . 
 you know they 'll try to beat you up again . '' 
 he flashed me a grin . 
 `` be a pal . 
 come protect me . '' 
 `` ca n't . 
 too much stuff to do . '' 
 a knock at the back door astonished us both . 
 we did n't get a lot of visitors . 
 hoping it was n't a missionary , i opened the door and gaped at what i found . 
 i could n't have been more surprised if katrice had come calling . 
 it was lara . 
 she smiled at my shock . 
 i almost never saw her in the flesh . 
 she worked out of a home office , most of our correspondence being handled by phone and e-mail . 
 `` come in , '' i said , still amazed . 
 she stepped into the kitchen , just as tiny , blond , and cute as i remembered . 
 a big stack of papers was in her arms . 
 `` i do n't like the looks of that . '' 
 `` it 's your - '' lara came to a halt when she saw tim . 
 her eyes widened . 
 he flipped his last egg onto a plate and glanced up at her . 
 his eyes registered equal amazement . 
 and in that charming , con-artist way of his , he instantly slipped into character . 
 `` a beautiful blossom has joined us , her petals brilliant and unfurled in the morning sun . '' 
 he was using his awful ` how , white man ' voice . 
 hastily , he pulled out a chair at the kitchen table . 
 `` join us . 
 we 'll feast and enjoy mother earth 's bounty together . '' 
 dazed , lara walked over to the table and sat down , unable to take her eyes off of him - his chest in particular . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 `` it is my honor to - shit ! 
 the cinnamon rolls ! '' 
 tim dove backward , grabbing a mitt and opening the oven , from which smoke was pouring out . 
 lara turned to me conspiratorially as he groaned about the state of his baked goods . 
 `` eugenie , why is there a hot native american chief cooking in your kitchen ? '' 
 she whispered . 
 `` well , '' i said , suddenly realizing the two had never actually met . 
 `` he 's neither a chief nor native american . 
 that 's tim . '' 
 `` that 's what - ? '' 
 her baby blue eyes opened even wider . 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 `` positive . '' 
 tim meanwhile was scraping blackened bottoms off of his cinnamon rolls . 
 he held one up for my inspection . 
 `` it 's fine , '' i said . 
 he turned to lara , putting his smile back on . 
 `` i beg your pardon a thousand times for this unworthy feast i must set before you . 
 such a delicate , beautiful creature like you deserves - '' `` oh for god 's sake , '' i exclaimed . 
 `` will you cut the bullshit , tim ? 
 this is lara . '' 
 `` this is ... '' the cinnamon roll dropped off his spatula , back onto the pan . 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 i sighed . 
 both seemed at a loss for what to say . 
 lara 's mouth moved , no words coming out for several moments . 
 finally , she blurted out , `` i brought tax paperwork . '' 
 tim swallowed . 
 `` i ... that 's pretty cool . '' 
 i moved past sighing or groaning . 
 now , i was fighting hitting my head against the table . 
 `` no , it 's not . 
 can we get on with breakfast ? '' 
 `` i ... '' tim finally recovered himself . 
 `` sure . 
 of course . '' 
 he looked at lara . 
 `` do you like eggs and cinnamon rolls ? '' 
 `` i love eggs and cinnamon rolls . '' 
 he promptly built her a plate and handed it over . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 i said . 
 he shot me a glare . 
 `` be patient a sec . 
 we have a guest . 
 you should be more polite - especially since she went to the trouble of doing your taxes . '' 
 `` i pay her to do my taxes . '' 
 lara bit into a cinnamon roll . 
 in his daze , tim had forgotten to cut off the bottom . 
 `` this is the best thing i 've ever tasted . 
 how is this even possible ? '' 
 she gave him a shy smile . 
 `` good looks and cooking skills . '' 
 he smiled back , nearly dropping the plate he handed to me . 
 `` i have all sorts of skills . '' 
 `` oh my god , '' i said . 
 until this moment , i 'd thought nothing was more annoying than their phone bickering . 
 i suddenly wished they 'd get into an argument now . 
 `` besides , '' he added , joining us with his own food . 
 `` you 've got mad tax skills . 
 i could never do that . '' 
 `` that 's because you do n't have an income or actually file taxes , '' i said . 
 `` hey , '' he shot back . 
 `` do n't judge . 
 you obviously ca n't do your own . '' 
 `` i do n't have to ! 
 that 's why i pay someone . '' 
 with great effort , lara managed to drag her eyes over to me and remember her job . 
 `` they 're all done . 
 i just need you to sign them . 
 i was n't sure you 'd ` get around to it ' if i mailed them . '' 
 i nodded . 
 as far as the federal government and state of arizona were concerned , i was a self-employed contractor who did assorted home repairs . 
 which was n't that far from the truth . 
 `` that was really nice of you , '' said tim . 
 `` taking time out of your saturday for that . '' 
 `` i take my job seriously , '' she replied . 
 `` besides , i did n't have any other plans . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 he leaned forward . 
 `` do you want to go over to the university 's cultural festival with me ? 
 i 'll be reading poetry there . '' 
 she gasped . 
 `` i would love that . 
 i bet your people have some really amazing insights on the world . '' 
 `` he 's not - '' i began . 
 lara turned back to me , her business face on . 
 `` make sure you sign these while we 're gone . 
 and you know your schedule today , right ? 
 three jobs ? '' 
 `` yes , yes . 
 while you guys are out slumming with college kids , i 'll be fighting for my life . '' 
 tim stood up and set his barely touched plate on the counter . 
 `` we can go whenever you 're ready . '' 
 she handed him her equally untouched plate . 
 `` i 'm ready now . 
 just let me run to the bathroom first . '' 
 the instant she was gone , tim turned on me . 
 `` why did n't you tell me she was so nice ? 
 all this time , you 've let me think she was a total bitch . '' 
 `` i 've told you a hundred times she was n't a bitch ! 
 you 're the one who decided that , after talking to her on the phone . 
 you only think she 's nice now because you 've seen her and want to get her into bed ! '' 
 tim gave me a grave look . 
 `` eugenie , that is not the kind of woman you have a one-night stand with . 
 she 's a goddess among women . '' 
 `` unbelievable , '' i said . 
 when lara returned , i noticed she was wearing lipstick and had neatened her hair . 
 `` all set . '' 
 i scowled at the dirty plates tim had left on the counter . 
 `` do n't forget to do the dishes when you get back ! '' 
 i called as they headed out the door . 
 `` do n't forget to earn a living while we 're gone ! '' 
 he called back . 
 `` this mortgage does n't pay itself . '' 
 `` neither do you , '' i muttered . 
 but they were already gone , lost in the throes of infatuation . 
 considering all the things that had happened in my life , you 'd think nothing could surprise me anymore . 
 clearly , i was wrong . 
 i signed the tax return and left a check before heading out . 
 it figured : i owed . 
 self-employed people always owe . 
 it was a credit to lara that she 'd managed my books well enough that the amount was low , but after seeing her run off with my roommate , i decided it was a good thing our working relationship did n't include performance reviews . 
 she 'd also left me a jam-packed day , which turned out to be beneficial . 
 a busy schedule kept my mind off dorian -lrb- mostly -rrb- and what was transpiring in the otherworld . 
 i fought with ferocity , as though each ghost or monster i battled was katrice herself . 
 it was the drives in between that were the roughest on me . 
 there was no action then . 
 just my own thoughts . 
 my last job of the day was the most difficult , undoubtedly scheduled that way on purpose so that i did n't walk into the little ones tired and injured . 
 true , i was feeling weary , but concern for dorian kept a spike of adrenaline burning through me , one that i knew would get me through this last job . 
 yet , walking up to the client 's house , i could n't stop asking the same questions in my mind . 
 why has n't volusian reported to me yet ? 
 is n't the fight over ? 
 a nervous-looking young woman answered the door , introducing herself as jenna . 
 she was the one who had made the call , though it was n't exactly on her own behalf . 
 `` she 's in the living room , '' jenna whispered to me , letting me inside the foyer . 
 her eyes were wide with fear . 
 `` just sitting there . 
 staring . '' 
 `` does she speak ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` does she answer your questions ? '' 
 `` yes ... but ... it 's not her . 
 i know that does n't make sense , but it 's not . 
 the people at work think she 's just gone crazy . 
 i 'm pretty much the only one who still talks to her . 
 she 's about to lose her job , but ... '' jenna shook her head . 
 `` i swear , it 's just not her . '' 
 `` you 're right . '' 
 i held my wand in my left hand and my silver athame in the right . 
 `` is she ... '' jenna 's voice dropped even lower . 
 `` is she possessed ? '' 
 `` not exactly . '' 
 lara had warned me about this one . 
 it had initially sounded like possession , but further data suggested otherwise , unfortunately . 
 a possession would have been easier . 
 `` it 's a fetch . 
 it 's like ... i do n't know . 
 her double . 
 kind of . '' 
 `` then ... what happened to regan ? '' 
 i hesitated . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 i did n't want to tell jenna there was a strong possibility that regan was dead . 
 that was the usual fate for a fetch 's victim . 
 of course , fetches usually left once they 'd sucked all the energy and goodness from someone 's life . 
 if this one was still here , the odds of regan still being alive were marginally higher . 
 `` if ... er , when we find her , she may be in bad shape . '' 
 i stared off down the hallway , where i could hear the sound of a tv in the living room . 
 i shifted my grip on my weapons and prepared myself . 
 `` what should i do ? '' 
 asked jenna . 
 `` wait outside . 
 do n't come back inside until i tell you to - no matter what . '' 
 once she was safely away , i set off down the hall . 
 there , in the living room , i found a woman sitting perfectly straight on the couch , her hands folded neatly upon her lap as she stared at the tv . 
 there was a blankness in her brown eyes that told me she was n't really watching . 
 she did n't even acknowledge my arrival . 
 glancing around the living room , i took in its space and features , assessing them for a fight . 
 i also noticed a couple pictures on the wall , group shots with jenna and a smiling brunette who looked exactly like the woman on the couch . 
 yet , glancing between them , i knew jenna was right . 
 this was n't regan . 
 `` where 's regan ? '' 
 i asked . 
 the fetch did n't look at me . 
 `` i am regan . '' 
 `` where 's regan ? '' 
 i repeated harshly . 
 `` what have you done with her ? '' 
 please , please let her be alive . 
 this time , the fetch turned her head , those cold eyes taking me and my weapons in . 
 `` i told you . 
 i am regan . '' 
 i had a moment 's debate on what to do . 
 killing the fetch without learning regan 's location would make the next part of this job even more difficult . 
 yet , as the fetch continued staring at me , i knew she 'd recognized what i was and what threat i represented . 
 i had to take her out now , banking on the fact that fetches usually kept their victims close . 
 i held out my wand and began chanting the words that would drive this creature back to the otherworld . 
 it was where fetches came from , and a forceful enough banishing was usually enough to deter them from returning . 
 i 'd only have to get the underworld involved if she decided to - she attacked . 
 the fetch did n't transform into her true shape as she sprang at me . 
 rather , she turned into something in the middle . 
 she still wore regan 's face , but it had a sickly green hue . 
 her eyes were bigger and darker and looked like they 'd been stretched out . 
 her hands and feet were bigger too - and clawed . 
 she came at me with her full strength , knocking me into a wall mercifully free of furniture . 
 i kneed her in the stomach , needing to get distance between me and the claws trying to rake my face and neck . 
 she fell back a little , not much , but enough to give me more maneuvering room . 
 i swung out with the silver blade , and she recoiled . 
 iron could inflict lethal blows on the gentry , but silver was the metal of choice for almost any other creature . 
 `` tell me where regan is , '' i said , advancing forward . 
 `` tell me , and i 'll simply banish you back to the otherworld . 
 make this difficult , and you die . '' 
 i was managing that balance i always did : weapon ready to attack while part of my mind focused on a connection to the otherworld . 
 hecate 's tattoo , a snake on my upper arm , began to tingle . 
 the fetch decided i was n't a full threat yet and rushed me again . 
 i dodged this time , anticipating her movements based on the last attack . 
 a fetch might be able to replicate someone , but their fighting style was mostly brute force . 
 my athame caught her arm as i moved , and she snarled in pain , showing fangs that dripped with green saliva . 
 it hurt her but did n't slow her down as she lunged back at me . 
 i sidestepped her again but overlooked what was behind me , hitting painfully against a cabinet . 
 i winced , and she pressed her advantage , swinging those claws at me . 
 i barely escaped them , managing to squirm away and hurry to the other side of the room . 
 a banishing , i decided . 
 i 'd just keep my distance and do a banishing . 
 i just needed a couple minutes - and to stay alive . 
 i began chanting words to send her from this world , words that did n't have to follow any ancient form so long as my power and intent were clear . 
 she paused briefly , realizing what i was doing , and seemed to consider her options . 
 a circle . 
 i should have put a circle of protection around the house . 
 there was a very real possibility she might try to flee . 
 that and killing me were pretty much her only options . 
 the former would probably be easier for her - and would release regan . 
 but i did n't want this fetch freely walking the world . 
 i needed to send her on . 
 power surged in me and through me , out to the wand and toward her . 
 this was her last chance to run - or , as it turned out , throw a coffee table at me . 
 i admit , i did n't see that coming - literally or figuratively . 
 i should have , though . 
 furniture , props , whatever ... they were all fair game in a fight . 
 the fetch had no reason to rely simply on hand-to-hand combat , and my athame gave her good reason to attack from a distance . 
 the coffee table was a simple one , a smooth circle of glass on iron legs . 
 a wood-framed one would have been better . 
 the frame would have slowed the spread of glass . 
 this table had nothing to stop it , except me . 
 i tried to jump out of its way , saving my head and face . 
 i was n't far enough away when it hit the wall and shattered , though . 
 stinging , burning pain went through my back and left arm as glass scraped and - no doubt - embedded itself in my flesh . 
 my sense of self-preservation kept me moving through the pain , but my connection to the otherworld had shattered with the glass . 
 the fetch knew this and leaped forward , risking the athame in the hope i was too addled and injured from the glass to stop her . 
 i was n't . 
 i had never let go of my weapons , and my athame was ready and waiting when she came . 
 i plunged it into her heart and started the banishing again . 
 over the years , as i 'd grown in power and spent so much time in the otherworld myself , these banishings had become easier . 
 not easy , but easier . 
 there was a time when i could n't have held a fetch off with my athame while simultaneously attempting a quick banishing . 
 but now , the power flowed through me as the fetch pulled herself off my blade . 
 she had no time to react , attack , or flee . 
 the magic seized her , and she disappeared before my eyes , fading into sparkles and then nothing . 
 i did n't know the extent of the athame 's damage . 
 i might have just sent her back to die . 
 or , she might survive and come after me in the otherworld as some creatures tried . 
 i was n't worried . 
 my abilities stayed consistent in both worlds , but my magic was a bit stronger over there - especially in the thorn land . 
 i took a deep breath of relief and stuck the weapons back in my belt as i hurried toward the front door . 
 jenna was sitting on the lawn , face pale with worry . 
 she sprang up when she saw me . 
 `` what happened ? 
 is she okay ? '' 
 `` i 'm not sure , '' i said , wiping sweat off my brow . 
 my hand came away red with blood . 
 `` we have to find her . 
 does she have a basement ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 jenna followed me inside and then halted . 
 `` oh my god ... your back ... '' `` it 's nothing . 
 i 'll deal with it later . '' 
 `` at least - '' she reached toward a spot between my upper arm and shoulder blade , wincing as she did . 
 i yelped in pain and watched as she pulled away a huge piece of jagged glass . 
 `` that 's bleeding ... really bad ... '' `` i 'm in better shape than regan , '' i said brusquely , trying to ignore both pain and the sight of my blood all over the shard she 'd taken . 
 `` no basement . 
 closets ? 
 attic ? '' 
 `` both . '' 
 we checked the closets with no luck , and jenna stuck her head in the attic 's tiny space . 
 still nothing . 
 `` shit , '' i said . 
 i should n't have let the fetch go without getting regan 's location . 
 what if regan was n't nearby ? 
 what if the fetch had broken habit and hidden her victim far from home ? 
 jenna looked as defeated as i felt , then her head shot up . 
 `` the shed . 
 there 's a shed out back . '' 
 we were out the back door in a flash , jerking open the door to a little garden shed that was mercifully unlocked . 
 there , curled up on the ground in a fetal position , was regan . 
 jenna let out a strangled cry , and we both dropped to the ground . 
 jenna propped regan up while i gently shook her . 
 `` regan , regan . 
 wake up . 
 please wake up . '' 
 for a few moments , i feared the worst . 
 then , regan 's eyes fluttered open , her expression frightened and confused . 
 her breathing came in short rasps , and she futilely tried to sit up on her own . 
 her failure did n't surprise me . 
 when a fetch took over someone 's life , it put its double into a sort of magic coma . 
 it required no ropes or gags , simply leaving behind a silent and immobile victim . 
 regan 's ability to wake up verified that the fetch was gone , but the woman had spent days without food , water , or using her muscles . 
 `` she 's dehydrated , '' i said . 
 studying regan 's state , i knew this was beyond a few glasses of water . 
 `` let 's get her to the hospital . '' 
 jenna drove , with regan laid out carefully across the backseat . 
 she said little , only making the occasional moan . 
 meanwhile , in the passenger seat , i attempted to clean myself off with baby wipes and to pull glass bits out of my back . 
 the blood on my face was cleaned off when we reached the er , as was most from my body , but i did n't want to answer questions about what had happened to me . 
 i borrowed jenna 's jean jacket , figuring the few scratches on my face were n't enough to attract attention . 
 we told the staff that regan had been depressed and starving herself . 
 we went on about how we had n't seen her for days and had only just found her tonight . 
 since there was no ostensible bruising or signs of binding , they took us at our word and hurried to hook her up to fluids . 
 we 'd also probably landed her in therapy , but that was of little concern now . 
 i waited with jenna just outside regan 's room as a nurse finished attaching the appropriate tubes and a doctor performed further examination . 
 when they were done , they told us we could go in and that regan would recover once her body had sustenance again . 
 i had no intention of going with jenna . 
 now that regan was safe , my plan was to get a taxi back to my car and go home to clean up before an otherworldly jump . 
 lara could bill these women later . 
 `` wait , '' said jenna , as the doctor and nurse were about to leave . 
 `` my friend 's hurt . 
 she broke a window to get in regan 's house and got cut . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` no , really , i 'm fine - '' i shut my mouth when i followed everyone 's gaze . 
 even i could see that the left sleeve of the jacket was soaked with blood . 
 there was little argument to make after that . 
 jenna stayed with regan , and i was ushered off to a cubicle in the er . 
 the nurse shut the curtain , and i took off my shirt . 
 the doctor 's eyebrows rose . 
 `` you broke a window ? 
 with what , your entire body ? '' 
 he called for another nurse , who began assisting the other with glass removal and sanitizing . 
 `` i threw a rock , '' i said . 
 `` it did n't make a very big hole , but i did n't have time to make it bigger . 
 i just had to get to regan . '' 
 `` noble , '' said the doctor , whose attention was on the larger shoulder gash . 
 `` if stupid . '' 
 someone with a better understanding of physics might have realized my injuries did n't quite line up with what i 'd get crawling through a jagged hole in a window . 
 fortunately , this group 's talents were elsewhere . 
 the myriad scratches and cuts were dealt with by bandages and painful antiseptics . 
 the big cut required a fair number of stitches . 
 i was restless the whole time , wanting only to get back and see what had happened to dorian . 
 the medical staff was thorough in its work , however . 
 i decided i should just be grateful that they were letting me go and not forcing a longer stay . 
 i was the walking wounded , in bad shape but not in life-threatening danger . 
 `` here , '' said the doctor , just before letting me go . 
 he scrawled out a prescription and handed it to me , along with reams of paper on wound care and cleaning . 
 `` antibiotics . 
 get it filled tonight . '' 
 `` i will , '' i said glibly . 
 he gave me a warning look . 
 `` i mean it . 
 i know your type . 
 you think you 're invincible , but any of that could get infected . 
 get the prescription . 
 clean and change the bandages on the cuts . '' 
 he was right that i thought i was invincible . 
 i 'd had stitches and wounds before , my gentry blood usually expediting the healing . 
 but i nodded meekly , promising i 'd obey . 
 `` good , '' he said , following me out to the waiting room . 
 `` follow up with your family doctor in a week . 
 i think your ride 's over there . '' 
 `` my ride ... ? '' 
 i stared around the room , freezing when i saw a familiar face . 
 `` mom ? '' 
 she 'd been leaning against a wall , eyes anxiously studying everyone in the room . 
 spotting me , she practically ran over , staring at my bandages in alarm . 
 i had no coat , and the tank top showed my battle wounds . 
 `` eugenie ! 
 are you okay ? 
 what have you done now ? '' 
 for some reason , that made the doctor snort a laugh before walking away . 
 `` i 'm fine , '' i told her automatically . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 `` i 'm your emergency contact . 
 and that is not fine . '' 
 i was still stunned to see her . 
 it felt like it had been so long . 
 ages . 
 `` it is now , '' i said dazedly . 
 `` all patched up . 
 and i 've got all this ... stuff . '' 
 i waved my stack of paper around . 
 she brushed dark hair from her face , her expression both weary and distraught as we headed for her car . 
 `` it never gets easier . 
 not with you , not with him . '' 
 i gave her a sidelong look . 
 `` does he know you 're here ? '' 
 `` no , '' she said , getting out her keys . 
 `` not that it would matter if he did . 
 nothing could have stopped me from coming when they called me . 
 i thought ... well , i never know what to think ... '' i could n't look at her as i sat gingerly in the car . 
 my eyes were filling with tears . 
 i 'd missed her so much . 
 i 'd missed her , well , momness . 
 lots of people cared about me , but it was n't the same . 
 plus , i felt horrible , horrible that i made her worry . 
 and because of me , roland was out endangering himself again too . 
 i hastily ran a hand over my eyes and turned to her as we pulled out of the parking lot . 
 `` when did you get glasses ? '' 
 i asked in surprise . 
 delicate wire frames rested on a face very similar to mine . 
 it was our coloring that was different . 
 my red hair and violet eyes had come from storm king . 
 `` a few weeks ago . 
 they 're just for night driving . '' 
 i looked away , fearing the tears would return . 
 glasses . 
 such a stupid thing . 
 there was a time , though , when i would have known every little detail of her life . 
 there was so much distance between us now . 
 my churning , guilty thoughts only came to a standstill when she turned into a pharmacy a few blocks from the hospital . 
 `` mom , no ! 
 i have to get back to my car and - '' `` you can go back to endangering your life again soon enough . 
 here , let me see those . '' 
 `` it 's not my usual pharmacy , '' i said petulantly . 
 she was skimming the wound care instructions . 
 `` yes , well , i 'm sure this one still has a couple bandages stashed away somewhere . '' 
 `` you 're such a mom . '' 
 she glanced up , a small twinkle in her eyes that reminded me of how things used to be between us . 
 `` i 'm your mom . '' 
 i followed her sullenly as we waited for the prescription , and she forced me to get a basketful of gauze , bandages , and other first aid supplies . 
 i already owned a lot of them , but she would n't rest easy until she actually saw them in my hands . 
 `` i really appreciate you coming , '' i admitted as we waited . 
 `` it ... it 's good to see you . '' 
 her expression softened . 
 `` it 's good to see you too , baby . 
 i 've missed you . '' 
 `` i do n't suppose roland 's forgiven me ? '' 
 `` it 's more complicated than that , '' she told me . 
 `` he still loves you . 
 really . 
 but he 's worried . 
 and he does n't like you being over ... there . 
 neither do i. '' i averted my eyes again . 
 i knew she did n't - and she had good reason . 
 my conception was the result of her captivity and rape in the otherworld . 
 she 'd spent years keeping that knowledge from me , hoping to protect me from both my heritage and the agony she believed that place caused . 
 `` well , that 's complicated too . 
 i have to be there , mom . 
 i know you guys do n't approve , but there are people counting on me . 
 they 're not all like you think . 
 i ca n't let them down . 
 they 're ... they 're dying because of me . '' 
 `` is there a man involved ? '' 
 i considered a flippant remark , then chose honesty . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` the obvious problem aside ... would i like him ? '' 
 i tried to picture my mom meeting dorian and could n't stop a small smile . 
 `` probably not . '' 
 `` do you ever talk to kiyo anymore ? '' 
 i looked up sharply , my smile fading . 
 `` it 's over with us . 
 he let me down . 
 you know that . 
 this other guy ... he wo n't . '' 
 i was saved from further conversation when my name was finally called . 
 i added the prescription to my portable hospital bag and felt grateful that my mom did n't pursue the topic of my love life anymore . 
 i was equally grateful when she drove me back to regan 's house . 
 it would n't have surprised me if she 'd left me carless in tim 's care . 
 leaving my mom stirred conflicting feelings in me . 
 after missing her so much , part of me just wanted to stay and gaze at her , to drink in those features i loved so much . 
 i wanted her to hold me , to be my mom and take care of everything . 
 and yet ... always , always , the otherworld was pressing on me . 
 i did n't have the luxury of being a little girl right now . 
 i did n't have the luxury of being her daughter . 
 `` thank you , '' i said , giving her as careful a hug as we could manage . 
 `` thank you for ... i do n't know . 
 everything . '' 
 she held me for a few moments and then pressed a kiss to my forehead . 
 `` there 's nothing to thank me for . 
 just be careful . '' 
 she broke from the embrace . 
 `` do what the doctor says . 
 and for god 's sake , do n't end up there again . 
 i do n't want another call . '' 
 `` i 'll try , '' i said . 
 this made us both smile , largely because we knew my trying to stay out of harm 's way was pretty futile . 
 `` and tell roland ... '' i could n't finish , but she nodded . 
 `` i know . '' 
 i left her then , loading my loot into my own car and driving home . 
 regan did n't live too far from me , only about ten minutes . 
 the time flew by . 
 i had so many things to think about that when i arrived at my house , i hardly knew how i 'd gotten there . 
 tim 's car was parked out front - as was lara 's . 
 i dragged myself out of my own self-pitying miasma , uneasily wondering what i 'd find inside . 
 seeing the two of them naked on my kitchen table would not be cool . 
 instead , they were cuddled up on the living room couch , watching a movie . 
 all seemed innocent , but some vibe made me suspect they had n't been actually watching too much of it . 
 i shook my head in exasperation . 
 `` how is this my life ? '' 
 i muttered , setting my bag on the counter . 
 `` did you say something ? '' 
 called tim . 
 the living room and kitchen were mostly open to each other . 
 he muted the film . 
 `` nothing important . '' 
 `` we figured you 'd be out for the night , '' he said . 
 i was pretty sure there was an accusatory tone in his voice . 
 i opened the cupboards , rummaging for food . 
 i was suddenly starving . 
 `` well , rest easy . 
 i 'll be gone soon enough , right after i get dinner . '' 
 lara turned and peered over the couch 's back . 
 `` pop-tarts are n't - oh my god ! 
 what happened to you ? '' 
 tim noticed my bandages now too . 
 he did n't look as shocked as her - he saw me come home after fights a lot - but worry had replaced his snark . 
 `` what have you been doing ? '' 
 `` earning the mortgage . '' 
 i put two blueberry pop-tarts in the toaster . 
 `` is n't that what you told me to do ? '' 
 `` jesus , eug . 
 i did n't - '' `` forget it , '' i told him . 
 `` everything 's fine . 
 but you 're going to have to send a bill to jenna benson , lara . 
 i was n't able to collect . '' 
 lara nodded without a word , still aghast at seeing what my real life looked like . 
 i poured some water and choked down one of the antibiotics while waiting for the pop-tarts . 
 as soon as they were done , i retreated to my room , eating quickly as i threw together an overnight bag . 
 while i was packing , my eyes lingered on a half-finished puzzle on my desk . 
 i sighed . 
 how long ago had i started that one ? 
 a month ago ? 
 i loved jigsaw puzzles . 
 i used to do one a night . 
 i was almost finished packing - i even included the first aid supplies , thanks to some residual mom-guilt - when the temperature dropped . 
 an unsettling yet familiar presence filled the room , and soon volusian appeared before me . 
 i nearly dropped the bag . 
 there was a long pause as i waited expectantly . 
 volusian was enjoying this , i realized . 
 he was n't going to elaborate until i asked because he wanted to draw out the agony . 
 `` damn it ! 
 tell me what happened ! '' 
 volusian got this pleased look on his face that i suspected was the closest he ever came to smiling . 
 `` the oak king is ... '' i held my breath . '' 
 ... alive . '' 
 `` thank god . '' 
 of course , thinking of my own wounds , `` alive '' might not mean much . 
 `` is he hurt ? '' 
 `` he is well and uninjured . '' 
 i sank gratefully onto my bed , knowing i wore my emotions all over my face . 
 i hated to ever show anything like that in front of volusian . 
 i wanted to maintain an image of power . 
 this situation was too important , though . 
 fear and worry for dorian and the battle had been a knot within me , one i only just now dared to loosen . 
 `` what about the others ? 
 who won ? '' 
 `` your forces , mistress . '' 
 again , relief flooded through me . 
 we had won . 
 dorian was okay . 
 `` casualties ? '' 
 `` inevitable , of course . '' 
 volusian did n't seem particularly concerned , but then , he was never concerned about much . 
 `` death and injury on both sides . 
 the oak king 's lands and towns remained untouched . '' 
 that last part was good news . 
 but death and injury ? 
 no , i did n't like that . 
 i wanted to know numbers , but for now , that was irrelevant . 
 one death was too much . 
 i 'd get all the stats i needed from dorian soon enough . 
 i started to thank volusian , but that was n't the way our relationship worked . 
 `` go back to the oak land . 
 tell dorian i 'll be there shortly . '' 
 volusian gave a small nod of acknowledgment . 
 i expected him to vanish instantly , but he paused , eyes narrowing slightly . 
 `` my mistress has also been in a battle tonight . '' 
 i shifted slightly , becoming aware of the bandages covering my shoulder and back . 
 `` yeah , i fought a fetch . '' 
 `` who inflicted great injury . '' 
 `` it would appear so , would n't it ? '' 
 `` but not enough to kill you . '' 
 the look i gave him was answer enough . 
 `` pity , '' he said . 
 he vanished . 
 `` damn it , '' i muttered . 
 i stayed where i was , staring off into space . 
 i needed to cross to dorian 's land soon , but for now , i allowed the news to percolate in my head for a few moments more . 
 only , a new distraction presented itself . 
 otherworldly magic washed over me seconds before a voice spoke . 
 `` you could end it easily , you know . '' 
 i jumped up from my bed as the ghost from the mountains appeared before me . 
 silently , i cursed myself for having packed up my weapons . 
 since my queenhood , attacks at home had dropped off , lulling me into a false sense of security . 
 it was lazy of me . 
 foolish . 
 with no care for the other carefully packed items , i upended my bag , dumping everything out . 
 i grabbed my wand , expecting the ghost to attack . 
 instead , she just hung in the air , face blank . 
 `` you should n't have come back , '' i said , wand ready and pointed . 
 weary as i was , banishing magic tingled within me . 
 `` you should have stayed away . '' 
 she stayed motionless , uncaring of the threat i presented . 
 `` i told you . 
 i ca n't . 
 i need your help . '' 
 `` and i told you , i ca n't help you . '' 
 `` i can help you , '' she said . 
 `` i can help you find the iron crown . '' 
 the magic welling within me paused and then i dropped it altogether . 
 i eyed her warily . 
 `` how do you know about that ? '' 
 she gave a weak shrug . 
 `` i 've been following you . '' 
 i began the banishing again , quickly working out her words . 
 of course she could follow me . 
 she was a strong ghost , one who could likely flit between this and the otherworld as easily as i saw her move around here . 
 the magic of the otherworld , which concealed so many spirits , would make her harder to detect there . 
 following - and spying - would be easy . 
 `` we 're done with this , '' i said . 
 power coursed into the wand . 
 still , she did n't flinch . 
 `` the iron crown , '' she repeated . 
 `` i know where it is . 
 i can lead you . '' 
 again , i paused the banishing and recalled something dorian had said . 
 `` the way is blocked to spirits . '' 
 `` yes , '' she agreed . 
 `` but i know the starting point . 
 you do n't even know that . 
 i can take you there , and you can go the rest of the way on your own . '' 
 `` i do n't believe you . 
 i have no reason to . 
 you could just get me mucked up in your little investigation and then disappear . '' 
 this finally brought about emotion . 
 anger flickered in those pale eyes . '' 
 ` little investigation ? ' 
 this is my family ! 
 their lives ! 
 they mean everything to me . '' 
 `` meant , '' i corrected . 
 `` you need to cut your ties to this world . '' 
 her lips flattened into a straight line , as though she fought to control her temper . 
 `` i 'll take you there first . 
 after you have the crown , you 'll help me . 
 i 'll be the one taking you at your word . 
 you have nothing to lose . '' 
 `` nothing except my life , '' i muttered . 
 `` a crown that does nothing except lead me on some lethal journey is a big gamble . 
 i do n't even believe masthera 's crazy logic . '' 
 `` other spirits say it can do what she says , '' the ghost said . 
 `` they 're old . 
 they remember it . '' 
 well , that at least answered one of my questions . 
 the dubious nature of the crown aside , i understood how a ghost like this would know about something so ancient . 
 the grief that bound her to this world might make her strong , but she struck me as a new ghost , one that would hardly know about some legendary artifact . 
 `` it 's all ridiculous , '' i said . 
 `` it 's time for you to go . '' 
 `` it is , '' she agreed . 
 `` think about my offer . 
 summon me when you 're ready . 
 my name is deanna . '' 
 and as easily as she 'd come , she disappeared , beating my banishing . 
 admittedly , it had less to do with my skill than with my own doubt . 
 her words had struck something in me . 
 a tiny spark of wonder , wonder that maybe there was some wacky way to end this war . 
 if the legends were true . 
 if deanna was n't lying . 
 if i did n't die setting out alone on a treacherous journey . 
 shaking my head , i once more chastised myself for letting her go . 
 next time . 
 next time i 'd banish her to the underworld as soon as i saw her face . 
 for now , i had to go to dorian . 
 i 'd wasted too much time . 
 hastily , i repacked my bag and went on my way . 
 tim and lara still sat in the living room . 
 recognizing what the bag meant , tim again muted the tv , an uncharacteristic look of concern on his face . 
 `` eug ... do n't you think going over to never never land is a bad idea after getting your ass kicked tonight ? '' 
 `` you should see the other guy . '' 
 i shifted the bag , careful to keep it on my good shoulder and away from my back . 
 `` besides , sad as it is , i think i 'm safer there than here . '' 
 he sighed , and i could n't help a smile . 
 i glanced at lara . 
 `` i 'll be back as soon as i can . '' 
 her face was as grave as tim 's . 
 `` i do n't think we 're charging enough . '' 
 i laughed . 
 `` probably not . '' 
 i left them for a gateway that opened up near dorian 's . 
 i had an anchor in his castle too , and crossing over nearby pulled me to it . 
 i appeared in a small , empty chamber that he reserved purely for the anchor . 
 even injured , i 'd had no difficulty making the transition . 
 a long time ago , i could n't even cross in human form . 
 i 'd come over as my spirit 's totem : a dark swan . 
 now , coming here was as easy as stepping through a door . 
 my power had indeed grown , something that kiyo and my parents feared . 
 i did n't get very far down the adjacent hall before i was spotted by a servant . 
 `` your majesty ! '' 
 he sputtered , managing a clumsy bow . 
 `` the king has been expecting you . '' 
 `` then take me to him , '' i said . 
 dinner had long since ended , and dorian was in one of his posh sitting rooms , surrounded by a handful of counselors and generals . 
 to my surprise , masthera sat there too , off in a corner where she observed rather than participated in the meeting . 
 dorian 's face was calm and collected as he spoke to the others , but his expression broke a little when he saw me . 
 `` eugenie ! '' 
 in a few strides , he was across the room . 
 something cracked inside of me too , something that was so , so glad to see him alive and well . 
 despite volusian 's report , i 'd needed to see dorian alive for myself . 
 my heart swelled , and i let go of my aversion to gentry customs . 
 i dropped the bag and wrapped my arms around his neck , seeking his lips before he could hardly even get his hands on me . 
 he gripped my hips as we kissed , the power of that kiss sweeping my body and filling it with heat as i pressed against him . 
 it was suddenly easy to understand why gentry sometimes felt the need to have sex in public . 
 no such option was given to me because dorian 's hands slid up my waist , freezing when he touched the bandages . 
 he pulled away abruptly , studying me with astonishment . 
 i still wore my tank top , giving a full view of the hospital 's handiwork . 
 `` good grief , woman , '' he exclaimed . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 i gave as unconcerned a shrug as he might . 
 `` i got in a fight . 
 with a fetch . '' 
 he stared . 
 `` she threw a table at me . '' 
 dorian peered beyond me , over at the servant who 'd escorted me to the room . 
 `` get a healer . '' 
 `` no , do n't , '' i said . 
 the guy hesitated , glancing between us , torn between two commands . 
 `` you need your healers for the armies . 
 this looks worse than it is . '' 
 that was n't entirely true . 
 the painkillers i 'd been given were wearing off , making the scratches itchy and sore . 
 yet , i could n't shake volusian 's words about death and injury . 
 i would n't take any healers away from the armies . 
 i gave dorian a warning look . 
 `` it 's fine . '' 
 he returned my look , locking us in a brief battle of wills . 
 `` fine , '' he repeated . 
 he glanced over at the servant . 
 `` she says it 's fine . 
 far be it from me to question my lady . 
 come join us , dear . 
 i assume your despicable little pet gave you the essentials ? '' 
 a chair was quickly brought over to me , and i joined the meeting . 
 the details of it were a blur . 
 i was no strategist , not for this kind of war . 
 one-on-one fights were my thing . 
 mostly i listened to the group , not always understanding , as they studied maps and discussed army movement and strategic targets . 
 borders and areas with resources - like my copper mines - seemed to be a protective priority , which was about the only part i truly understood . 
 the part that really stuck with me was the recap of this battle . 
 it had been long , even though our superior numbers had ensured victory almost from the beginning . 
 the towns and our food were safe . 
 the number of casualties were recounted briefly . 
 dorian and his advisors seemed pleased by them , considering them low . 
 i supposed , as far as percentages went in the army , they were . 
 still ... people had died . 
 gentry or not , it did n't matter . 
 they had families , people who loved them . 
 people who would mourn . 
 i felt sick to my stomach . 
 the meeting closed with plans for our next move , plans i agreed to automatically when consulted . 
 everyone left , off for bed , except me , dorian , and masthera . 
 the pleased , laconic look dorian had worn for his team vanished once the last person was out of our sight . 
 he turned on me , outrage in those beautiful eyes . 
 `` what were you thinking ? 
 i was the one who was supposed to be facing an army today . 
 not you . '' 
 `` i did n't , '' i countered . 
 `` it was just a fetch . 
 did i mention the table ? '' 
 `` you 're making a joke out of this . '' 
 `` no more than what you usually do . '' 
 i frowned . 
 `` and this is nothing ... nothing compared to what you and the others faced . '' 
 his blase expression returned . 
 `` we had a great victory . '' 
 `` we have different ideas of victory , '' i said sadly . 
 my eyes landed on masthera , who watched us intently . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 she seemed to read my question as an invitation and moved to a nearer chair . 
 `` waiting for you , your majesty . 
 i sensed that you would come . '' 
 i scoffed . 
 `` volusian came and said i was coming . '' 
 the comment did n't bother her . 
 `` you 've come to discuss the iron crown . '' 
 `` hardly . '' 
 yet , i found myself frowning as crazy thoughts swirled in my head . 
 dorian arched an eyebrow of surprise . 
 `` is that true ? 
 you made your feelings clear on that last time . '' 
 `` they have n't really changed , '' i admitted . 
 `` i still do n't see it as a convenient end to all of this . 
 except ... well , a ghost came to me today . '' 
 `` ghosts are always coming to you . '' 
 `` yeah , yeah . 
 but this one claimed she could lead me to the crown . 
 or rather , the place surrounding it . 
 she needs a favor and offered this in return . '' 
 masthera 's eyes widened , and she leaned forward . 
 `` this is it ! 
 what i 've seen . 
 this will bring you to the crown . '' 
 `` presuming this ghost is n't part of some elaborate plan to kill me , '' i said . 
 `` would n't be the first time . '' 
 `` no , no , '' she said . 
 `` this is real . 
 i feel it . 
 i 've had a vision of you crowned . '' 
 dorian gave her a sharp look . 
 `` enough . 
 it does n't matter if this ghost is telling the truth . 
 i 'm not sending eugenie off into a nightmarish landscape . '' 
 `` hey , you do n't send me anywhere , '' i retorted . 
 he rolled his eyes . 
 `` please . 
 do n't start with the mock wounded pride over your capabilities . 
 you 're a great warrior ; i accept that . 
 you defeat fetches and tables and all other sorts of fiends . 
 but this ... no . 
 the risk is too great , and i could n't help you . '' 
 `` but your majesty ! '' 
 exclaimed masthera . 
 `` you see the opportunity . 
 an end to the war . 
 the power . 
 the fear this would inspire among others . '' 
 `` my own fear is more than enough , thank you , '' he said dryly . 
 an end to the war . 
 an astonishing thought struck me . 
 `` gentry would suffer in the iron fields ... but i 'm not the only half human . 
 i could take jasmine with me . '' 
 jasmine was almost as unaffected by iron as i was . 
 touching it caused her no pain , and it was only her cuffs ' tight binding that stunted her magic . 
 otherwise , to my knowledge , simply being near iron was n't enough to dim her power . 
 `` no , '' said dorian swiftly . 
 `` absolutely not . 
 i would n't have your unstable sister go anywhere near that crown . '' 
 `` the queen is right , though , '' said masthera . 
 `` storm king 's younger daughter might be protected by her human blood . '' 
 i expected another refusal from dorian , but he remained silent . 
 he was actually considering this , i realized . 
 jasmine would be a safe companion - or not . 
 `` no , '' he repeated at last . 
 `` if she somehow returned in control of the crown ... well , i would n't want to see that . 
 she craves power too much . '' 
 `` i thought the crown did n't have power in and of itself , '' i said suspiciously . 
 `` it does n't - but if she possessed it , others would believe she was the daughter to fear . 
 right now , you carry that honor . 
 i 'd like to keep it that way . 
 you ca n't go with such a dangerous companion . '' 
 `` your majesty - '' attempted masthera again . 
 `` enough , '' said dorian , standing up . 
 `` it 's late . 
 the discussion is over , and i want to go to bed . 
 you 're dismissed . '' 
 masthera looked upset but did n't contradict her lord . 
 after a brief curtsey to each of us , she scurried away . 
 we left as well , staying silent as we walked through the halls , past stationed guards . 
 as soon as we were alone in dorian 's room , i turned on him . 
 `` you have a lot of fucking nerve ! 
 do n't ever talk to me like that in front of someone - like you 've got the power around here . 
 we 're equals in this , remember ? '' 
 he smiled and took off his cloak and shirt . 
 `` of course we are . 
 and equals sometimes trade power . 
 when it comes to you making foolish choices , i wield the power . '' 
 `` when it comes to making foolish choices , i - never mind . 
 look , if there 's a chance to end this with as little bloodshed as possible , i want it . '' 
 `` as do i. '' he stood before me and ran a gentle finger along the side of my neck . 
 `` but not at the cost of your life or reputation . 
 find a better option , and you can go . '' 
 he moved his hands down and caught the edges of my shirt , carefully lifting it over my head without disturbing the bandages . 
 `` there you go again , '' i growled . 
 `` acting like you control this . '' 
 `` i do . 
 just as i control this . '' 
 he grabbed hold of my waist and jerked me to him , his lips crushing mine in a fierce kiss , one that left me gasping when i managed to pull back . 
 `` you do n't control anything , '' i said . 
 yet , that kiss and his closeness made me ache with arousal . 
 maybe it was my anger or the residual adrenaline from all my fights today . 
 maybe it was just relief at seeing him , no matter how much he annoyed me now . 
 whenever i returned from battle , sex was his way of truly confirming i was alive and safe . 
 today , i shared that . 
 he was alive . 
 i wanted him , and he knew it . 
 `` you see ? '' 
 his lips moved to my neck , and i felt the edge of his teeth . 
 `` i 've got the power here ... and you like that ... '' `` i ... that is ... '' forming coherent words was difficult for obvious reasons . 
 his mouth was too distracting , as was the rest of his touch . 
 he moved his lips up near my ear , his hands cupping my breasts . 
 i pushed down his pants , feeling how hard he was as my hands slid over him . 
 `` i know you , eugenie . 
 i know what you want ... and here ? 
 you want me in control . 
 really , those wounds you insist on keeping are all that are stopping me from throwing you against the wall or the bed . '' 
 the rest of our clothes fell off , piece by piece , while we still attempted some sort of debate . 
 `` guess you 're not as in control as you think , '' i said . 
 we were pressed together , bare skin against bare skin . 
 we managed to stay wrapped up with each other as we moved toward the bed . 
 his hands slid up over my breasts , lingering briefly on my nipples . 
 then - again avoiding any wounded areas - he gripped my shoulders , and i expected him to throw me onto the bed anyway . 
 instead , he pushed me down onto my knees , so that my back was barely an inch from the bed , and he stood right in front of me . 
 the tip of his huge swelling erection was right against my lips , just like the last time we 'd been together , save that i 'd been on my back then . 
 `` i still have the control . 
 i can make you do all sorts of things , '' he murmured . 
 `` now , are you going to do this on your own ? 
 or will i have to make you ? '' 
 there was no coercion needed . 
 i parted my lips and took him into my mouth . 
 just like the last time we 'd had sex , he felt so large and long that i could barely fit him as i sucked and slid my lips along that shaft . 
 he realized i was holding back and tsked disapproval . 
 `` you can do better than that . '' 
 his hands were tangled in my hair , and he pulled my head closer , forcing more of him into me , more than i thought i could take as i felt him touch the back of my throat . 
 `` more ... '' he breathed . 
 `` take more ... or i 'll make you ... '' i increased my speed and intensity as i took him into my mouth over and over . 
 it was as much as i could do , and he knew it , but that did n't matter . 
 this was a game , a game of power . 
 deciding where i went and who i fought ? 
 no . 
 he could n't do that . 
 but here ? 
 he could play master . 
 `` still not good enough , '' he said . 
 he took over from me , and just as he had last time , he thrust into my mouth as steadily and hard as he might have my thighs . 
 his hold on my hair tipped my face up and made me look into his eyes , just as i was forced to take as much of him into my mouth as he chose . 
 `` i wish we 'd done this downstairs . 
 should have taken you ... the instant you walked into the room ... '' he still had that smooth , controlling tone to his voice , but it was cracking a little as the pleasure of this began to take over . 
 `` i wish the whole court could see this . 
 you 're so beautiful ... so beautiful with your mouth full of me ... more beautiful still when i pour my seed into you ... '' i shivered , making a small groan of desire . 
 he was pumping harder now , almost uncomfortably so for me , yet it was giving me a thrill of my own . 
 `` that was ... what you ... wanted , was n't it ? 
 last time ? '' 
 his voice was low and strained , his whole body suddenly tensing . 
 `` this ? '' 
 he came , and warm liquid exploded in my mouth . 
 although he slowed , he still continued sliding in and out as he released himself into me . 
 then , he pulled out , finishing his orgasm and spilling onto my lips and breasts . 
 i coughed slightly , and he slid a finger across my lips . 
 `` swallow , '' he hissed . 
 `` swallow it all . '' 
 i did , surprised that he 'd been able to come so much both in my mouth and on me . 
 the finger toying with my lip slid along my face and down to my breasts , rubbing in his semen . 
 when his finger returned to my lips , i knew what he wanted . 
 i took it into my mouth and licked his finger , sucking on it until there was nothing left . 
 smiling he helped me up to the bed and laid me down on my side , where he continued massaging my sticky breasts . 
 `` wasteful , '' he said at last . 
 i knew what a big concession it was for him to forgo intercourse . 
 `` wasteful , but enjoyable . '' 
 `` seeing as this was what i wanted , maybe i had the power here after all , '' i teased . 
 `` hush , woman , '' he chastised good-naturedly . 
 he shifted me again , so that my head rested on his chest . 
 his hand slid down my body , his fingers moving between my thighs as deftly as they had under the table . 
 he groaned when he felt how wet i was . 
 `` wasteful , i say . '' 
 i laughed , shifting up to kiss him . 
 `` i 've told you before , it does n't - ah ... '' taunting thoughts faded away , and soon all that consumed me was his fingers stroking me harder and faster . 
 he brought his lips back to mine so that we were locked in a kiss when i came . 
 agonizing pleasure radiated through my body at his touch , and my cries were swallowed into that kiss . 
 he released me only when my shaking stopped and breathing calmed , again letting me rest against his chest . 
 one hand stroked my hair while the one that had just got me off moved to rest on my bare lower back . 
 we both sighed in contentment , and i closed my eyes , exhaustion from the day 's battles finally catching up with me . 
 i was nearly asleep - and thought he was too - when quiet words brought me back to consciousness . 
 `` masthera is right . 
 the crown could solve a lot of problems . '' 
 yes , i was definitely awake now . 
 `` i thought you did n't believe that . '' 
 `` oh , no . 
 i believe it could end this war . 
 i believe it would make katrice cower in fear . '' 
 he sighed . 
 `` i just do n't want to risk you . 
 i could n't cope with losing you . '' 
 my heart tightened at his words . 
 i did n't know what to say and simply brushed my lips against his chest . 
 `` and you 're both right , '' he continued . 
 `` that if i ca n't ... if i ca n't go with you , then a half-human companion is the ideal choice . '' 
 now i was really surprised . 
 i lifted my head , hardly believing what i 'd heard . 
 `` so , what are you saying ? 
 i should take jasmine after all ? '' 
 i propped myself up so that i could look dorian in the face . 
 even in dim lighting , i could see he was serious . 
 `` who , kiyo ? '' 
 i asked in astonishment . 
 `` no , the other annoying kitsune in your life . '' 
 `` why would you ... why would you suggest something like that ? '' 
 `` excellent question , '' he murmured . 
 his brow furrowed in thought , then relaxed into resignation . 
 `` because his human blood would protect him and - my personal opinions of him aside - he is a good asset in a fight . 
 most importantly , he would have no interest in the crown . 
 nor would it be of any use to him . '' 
 every one of those things was true . 
 but there was one obvious problem . 
 `` kiyo would n't help me . 
 not anymore . 
 jasmine would be more willing - if only for a chance to escape . '' 
 the argument that kiyo and i had had in the mountains was still fresh in my head . 
 this brought a smile to dorian 's lips , and he trailed his fingertips down my arm . 
 `` you doubt your own charms . 
 the kitsune will help you , if you ask him nicely . 
 he 's not over you as much as you think . 
 and he too would jump at the chance at some foolhardy way to end this war . '' 
 `` foolhardy ... you 've gone back and forth on the usefulness of the crown yourself . 
 and now you 're willing to - '' i almost said `` allow '' but recalled my earlier words . 
 dorian did n't dictate my life . '' 
 - accept me going off with my ex-boyfriend ? '' 
 `` this is an acceptable solution . 
 still dangerous ... but i believe you two could manage it . 
 and i trust you , '' dorian said simply . 
 `` as you trust me . '' 
 i stared down into his eyes , dark in the flickering torchlight , though the striking shape of his face and fair skin glowed like a masterpiece in marble . 
 `` i do trust you . '' 
 he smiled again . 
 `` good . 
 we 'll make plans in the morning . 
 but for now ... '' the smile gave way to a yawn . 
 `` i need sleep . 
 this has been a long day . '' 
 it was true . 
 he 'd been part of an epic battle and then made love - or whatever you wanted to classify that kinky shit as - like a pro . 
 my day had been pretty busy too , to say the least . 
 i put my head down , wrapping back against him , and soon slept in spite of the shocking suggestion he 'd just made . 
 when we woke , however , the crown became our immediate breakfast topic . 
 we 'd opted for private dining at a small table in the sitting room adjacent to his bedroom . 
 after hearing about my traipsing about in his too-long robe , he 'd had my own made for these slumber parties : white velvet with gold embroidery . 
 it was a bit more elaborate than i would have preferred but felt nice against my bare skin . 
 the wounds certainly appreciated loose clothing too . 
 `` invite him to your castle , '' said dorian . 
 fully rested , he 'd shifted completely into cunning mode , barely touching the elaborate spread of pastries and meats his servants had set before us . 
 `` the gods know he wo n't come here . '' 
 `` or tucson , '' i suggested after swallowing a gentry version of a cinnamon roll . 
 maybe i could get tim the recipe . 
 `` he 'd probably come to my house there . '' 
 dorian considered . 
 `` no . 
 get him to this world , to your domain , so that you can leave as soon as possible . 
 above all , you must not - under any circumstances - allow him to go back to maiwenn and consult her on this . '' 
 i swallowed another bite and smiled . 
 `` you think she 'd be jealous ? '' 
 `` that 's the least of our reasons . '' 
 he ticked them off on his fingers . 
 `` remember - she fears you . 
 us . 
 she would n't see this as an end to the war . 
 she 'd see it as you scrambling for power . 
 and , who knows ? 
 the kitsune might have no use for the crown himself , but she could coax him into bringing it to her . '' 
 `` she 's not vying for power , last i knew . 
 besides - it 's winning the crown that 's the big deal , right ? 
 if it was just given to her , no one would respect her for it . 
 if it can even be given ... i thought it returns home when it 's away from its victor . '' 
 dorian did n't respond right away . 
 `` true . 
 but then that would still keep the crown from you . 
 and we must n't forget she might simply talk him out of it because of simple concern for his life . '' 
 dorian 's tone implied this was a petty concern . 
 `` no , do n't give him a chance to talk to her . 
 invite him to you and ask - beg , if need be - for his help . 
 stress whatever urgent reason will work . 
 a need to end the war . 
 make up some ultimatum from the ghost . '' 
 i set the roll down and tapped my water glass absentmindedly . 
 this was all starting to make me feel strange . 
 `` there 's a lot of conniving here . '' 
 `` there always is in politics . 
 in war . 
 in love , even . 
 but this can help us - more than you can imagine . 
 we must put our faith in the old adage that the ends justify the means . '' 
 i sighed . 
 `` okay , then . 
 i 'll do it . 
 when ? '' 
 `` as soon as possible . 
 katrice is regrouping . 
 we can take advantage of that . '' 
 that smooth , calculating air faded . 
 `` though i hate to lose you . '' 
 `` hey . '' 
 i reached across the table and laid my hand over his . 
 `` do n't think of it as ` losing ' me . 
 it 's just like i 'm going to tucson for a few days . '' 
 he grimaced . 
 `` except your petty human job does n't carry such risks . 
 fetches aside . 
 i do wish you 'd let my healers take care of those wounds before you go . '' 
 the stitched-up cut itched , though the rest were n't bothering me . 
 i tested the range of motion on my left arm . 
 it was stiff but moved . 
 `` let your healers keep working here . 
 maybe i 'll have shaya fix it up . '' 
 she did n't possess the skill of a bona fide healer but could do some quick patches . 
 dorian did n't like that but let the matter go . 
 we finished breakfast , rehashing what little he knew about the path to the iron crown . 
 i shed my robe for my normal clothes , after first having one of his servants clean and re-bandage my back . 
 my mother would be proud , seeing me follow doctor 's orders . 
 we did n't know where kiyo was exactly , here or the human world , but dorian sent a messenger to maiwenn 's court , inviting him to mine . 
 no one from our lands would be welcomed with open arms in her territory , but she 'd allow a messenger through and hopefully let us know if he was n't currently in the otherworld . 
 i also sent volusian to tim and lara , warning i 'd be gone for a while and to cancel all my appointments . 
 lara would n't like that , but i had a feeling it would be the least of her worries when faced with volusian for the first time . 
 when the time for me to leave came , dorian could n't hide his conflicted feelings . 
 the part of him always striving for advantage and control wanted that crown . 
 the part of him that loved me worried about what i was walking into . 
 `` it 'll be okay , '' i said , wrapping my arms around him . 
 `` i 'm storm king 's daughter , remember ? 
 this 'll be cake . 
 and hey , if that ghost 's lying , i 'll be back tonight . '' 
 `` i do n't know if i 'd prefer that or not , '' he mused . 
 he rested his hand behind my neck and gave me a long , lingering kiss . 
 `` be careful , eugenie . 
 fight hard , but be careful . 
 and take this . '' 
 from a hidden pocket in his cloak , he produced something glittering and handed it to me . 
 i held it up . 
 it was a ring , hanging on a fine chain . 
 both were made of gold . 
 a diamond flanked by sapphires sat prominently on the ring , which was fashioned to look like a circle of leaves . 
 `` is this magic ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he shook his head . 
 `` just something to remember me by . 
 just something to think about . '' 
 i eyed him carefully . 
 marriage happened among the gentry , though not as often as among humans . 
 considering our divorce rate , maybe that was smart . 
 they did n't give engagement rings like humans did , but he 'd know my world 's custom . 
 this ring suddenly made me uneasy . 
 `` it 's a thing of beauty , '' he said , seeing my reaction . 
 `` for someone beautiful . 
 i knew you would n't wear it on your finger , so keep it on the chain . '' 
 i nodded . 
 sometimes a gift was just a gift - particularly when someone was afraid his beloved might get killed soon . 
 i kissed him again . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 i 'd come alone via the human world , so he sent an escort back to the thorn land with me . 
 no one except dorian and masthera knew what i was going to do , but the group could sense something big was about to go down . 
 tension crackled around us as we traveled . 
 like so many , these soldiers considered dorian and me a powerhouse . 
 they could hardly wait to see what would happen next . 
 kiyo was n't waiting for me in the thorn land , not that i 'd expected results that quickly . 
 no refusal had come from maiwenn either , which i took as a good sign . 
 `` what are you and my lord planning ? '' 
 asked rurik when he saw me . 
 `` you 've got that look . '' 
 `` what look is that ? '' 
 i asked curiously . 
 he reminded me of tim . 
 `` the look that says you 're planning something . '' 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 `` eloquent as ever , rurik . '' 
 `` should i assemble fighters ? '' 
 he asked , shrugging off my comment . 
 shaya joined us then , scrolls in her arms . 
 `` no . 
 i do this alone . 
 well , not exactly . 
 kiyo 's coming with me . 
 i hope . 
 he should be showing up here today . '' 
 i spoke more confidently than i felt . 
 despite dorian 's certainties , i still was n't sure whether kiyo would help or not . 
 rurik and shaya exchanged glances . 
 `` stop that , '' i told them . 
 `` it 's perfectly platonic . 
 dorian suggested it . '' 
 rurik looked like he still had a few things to say about it , but shaya interrupted . 
 `` the linden king wrote back . 
 he wo n't join with us - but he also wo n't fight against us . '' 
 `` not the best news , not the worst . 
 we 'll see if he comes crawling when his power 's in dispute . '' 
 the words came out with more venom than i expected . 
 rurik seemed to approve . 
 shaya leafed through more papers . 
 `` caria , the laurel queen , would like to meet with you and discuss the war , however . '' 
 i knew nothing about that land . 
 `` have we even contacted her ? '' 
 `` no , '' said shaya , giving me a meaningful look . 
 `` but her kingdom borders the linden land . '' 
 `` ah . '' 
 i smiled . 
 my comment to ranelle that others would be eyeing her king 's land as his power faded was true . 
 in refusing my offer to defend against that , they 'd allowed someone else to solicit me for the other side of that future dispute . 
 `` he 'll regret his neutrality later . 
 see if caria 'll meet with dorian while i 'm gone . '' 
 dorian would understand the situation perfectly . 
 i figured this was it and started to leave . 
 `` there 's one more thing , '' added shaya , twisting a black braid in that nervous habit of hers . 
 `` girard would like to see you . '' 
 her unease had made me think something bad was coming , but girard was one of the few people who rarely delivered bad news . 
 if anything , he usually delivered gifts , always coming up with some marvelous new piece of craftsmanship . 
 some pieces - like dorian 's sword and jasmine 's chains - i 'd commissioned specifically . 
 sometimes , however , inspiration struck the artist , and he 'd present some intricately worked necklace or diadem that i felt certain was beyond human skill . 
 he could even touch iron in very small amounts . 
 `` i 'm sure he 's made something great , but i 'm not in the mood today , '' i told her . 
 `` i want to see jasmine . '' 
 `` he 's not here to display work . 
 he wants to introduce you to his sister . '' 
 she looked at me expectantly and seemed surprised by my lack of reaction . 
 `` you 've never heard of her ? 
 imanuelle de la colline ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` should i have ? '' 
 shaya shrugged . 
 `` maybe not . 
 but i think you 'll find her ... interesting . 
 it 'll only take a minute . '' 
 it was true i was in a hurry , but shaya 's attitude intrigued me . 
 we went to girard 's workshop , rooms i 'd given to him on the castle 's outer edge in case his work ever set something on fire . 
 he was bent over a table , fingers magically working a bundle of metal and jewels . 
 `` another crown ? '' 
 i asked with amusement . 
 they seemed to be his favorite thing to make . 
 girard looked up , startled , and bowed . 
 `` no , your majesty . 
 it 's something lord rurik has requested . 
 if you 'd like another crown - '' i waved him silent . 
 `` no , no . 
 god knows i have plenty . 
 hardly seems like rurik 's style , though . '' 
 girard did n't comment . 
 client confidentiality , i supposed . 
 turning , he pointed off toward the side of his workshop , and i gaped . 
 a woman stood there , and somehow i had n't noticed her upon entering - which seemed impossible . 
 she and her brother shared the same dark skin and black hair , as well as a taste for bright clothing . 
 the dress she wore was a stunning teal silk , cut shorter than most gentry dresses . 
 something about it gave me the impression she wore it for utility , not sexiness . 
 `` your majesty , '' she said , sweeping me a curtsey . 
 also like girard , a faintly french-sounding accent laced her words . 
 `` this is my sister , imanuelle , '' he said . 
 like shaya , he seemed to expect me to know who his sister was . 
 `` it 's nice to meet you , '' i told her . 
 when no one said anything , i shifted restlessly , impatient to go . 
 seeing this , imanuelle strode forward , her steps graceful and liquid . 
 `` your majesty , '' she said . 
 `` i 've come to offer my services to you , should you like to hire me . '' 
 i glanced at the other faces , seeking more information , but received none . 
 `` what do you do ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` do you work metal like girard ? '' 
 a mischievous smile crossed imanuelle 's face . 
 she had caught on that i really did n't know who she was and appeared to enjoy that . 
 `` no . 
 my talents are of ... a different nature . '' 
 i saw a slight gesture of her hand , and then suddenly , the teal silk dress turned yellow . 
 a moment later , it changed form altogether , turning into a flowing velvet gown . 
 then , she was n't imanuelle at all . 
 a clone of shaya stood before me . 
 after letting that sink in , imanuelle returned to her original form . 
 she bowed , as though having just performed a stage show . 
 `` i 'm an illusionist , '' she said . 
 `` i can make people see things that are n't there . 
 most importantly , i can make myself look like anything i choose . '' 
 it was one of the cooler gentry powers , but i did n't entirely see how it 'd be useful for me . 
 `` so i can finally be in two places at once ? '' 
 i joked . 
 that brought another smile . 
 `` i suppose ... but i 've honed other skills to accompany these . 
 ones many monarchs find useful . 
 i ... get rid of problems . '' 
 apparently guessing my confusion , shaya sighed and dropped her usual formality . 
 `` you 're better off not dancing around the subject . 
 my queen prefers directness . '' 
 she turned to me . 
 `` imanuelle is an assassin , your majesty . '' 
 imanuelle 's smile tightened a little . 
 i think she preferred her more flowery description . 
 `` that 's an ugly word for a formidable skill set . '' 
 it took me a moment to catch on . 
 `` so , you 're here to - wait . 
 you think i 'm going to hire you to , what , assassinate katrice ? '' 
 imanuelle shrugged eloquently , and her brother spoke up for her . 
 `` some might see that as a quick way to end the war , if i may be so bold . '' 
 girard had picked up that i did n't like this idea at all and was understandably nervous . 
 he valued his position with me . 
 `` it 's a dirty , sneaky way to end a war ! '' 
 i exclaimed . 
 `` it 'd make me no better than katrice and her bastard son . '' 
 `` it would eliminate katrice directly , '' said imanuelle . 
 `` since she is the source of your problems . 
 i could disguise myself as someone in her castle . 
 quick , easy . 
 no other innocents need be hurt . '' 
 for a heartbeat , her words almost made sense . 
 then i shook my head emphatically . 
 `` no . 
 i 'm not going to stoop to that level . '' 
 some of imanuelle 's pleasant demeanor faded . 
 `` there are monarchs who would give half their kingdoms for my services ! 
 i 'm very selective . 
 i 'm doing you a great honor . '' 
 i narrowed my eyes . 
 `` you 're doing me an honor ? '' 
 she hesitated , realizing she was addressing one of the most formidable queens in the otherworld . 
 again , girard jumped in to save her . 
 `` forgive our presumption , your majesty . 
 we only wanted to offer it as an option . '' 
 `` it 's been offered , '' i said bluntly . 
 `` and refused . 
 thank you for the ` honor . ' 
 you 're welcome to visit your brother , of course , but i 'd prefer that you stay here no longer than absolutely necessary . '' 
 i turned dramatically away from them , just catching the outrage on imanuelle 's face , and strode out . 
 shaya hurried by my side . 
 `` spoken like a queen , '' she said . 
 `` do i need to worry about that woman killing me now ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` is she going to change into you and pull a knife on me ? '' 
 `` i 'm sure you 'd respond as efficiently as you do to the other attacks on you , '' said shaya dryly . 
 `` her illusions are n't foolproof to everyone . 
 i 'm guessing volusian could see through them if he were around . 
 but , honestly ... although her pride has been hurt - she does have quite the reputation - i suspect she 'll simply stalk off and leave you be , if only for her brother 's sake . '' 
 `` well , that 's nice . 
 one less person trying to kill me . '' 
 i raked my hand through my hair . 
 `` anything else i need to deal with ? '' 
 that was a loaded question , of course . 
 shaya had a few more business matters for me to look over before i could finally see jasmine . 
 i had n't talked to her after the dinner at dorian 's and felt she 'd be a good distraction as i waited to see if kiyo would come . 
 i found her outside in one of the gardens , sitting in the shade of a mesquite tree as the sun grew higher and the heat increased . 
 her guards stood stoically nearby , and her fine chains glittered in the light . 
 at my approach , she glanced up from a book . 
 petulant , power-hungry teen that she might be , she was also an avid reader , using fantasy to escape her mundane existence when she 'd still lived among humans . 
 this book was one i 'd brought her recently , the first in a trendy series . 
 `` is it good ? '' 
 i asked , sitting down opposite her . 
 `` not bad , '' she said , playing cool . 
 a moment later , she gave herself away . 
 `` are there more out in the series ? '' 
 `` three more , i think . '' 
 she said nothing but smiled as she set the book beside her . 
 `` did you have fun at dorian 's ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` yeah . 
 it was nice to be out . '' 
 her eyes gazed off , not really focusing on anything . 
 `` i think the best part was watching shaya scare off all the guys hitting on me . '' 
 she turned back to me . 
 `` is that what it 's like for you all the time ? '' 
 `` not since i got together with dorian . 
 they 've slacked off - and shaya does n't scare them away . 
 she abandons me . '' 
 jasmine smiled again . 
 `` dorian 's crazy about you . 
 obsessed . '' 
 `` that 's kind of an extreme observation . '' 
 `` it 's true . '' 
 she brushed hair out of her eyes . 
 the sunlight was turning it to gold , making me a little envious ; i 'd gotten true red from our father , rather than strawberry blond . 
 she could wear pink . 
 `` it 's good , '' she continued . 
 `` his obsession . 
 that bitch ysabel wants him , you know . 
 and she hates you . 
 so does her mom . '' 
 `` yeah , i kind of figured that out . '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` well , then , keep dorian close . '' 
 `` i 'm not worried . '' 
 `` ysabel 's got kids , and you wo n't give him any . '' 
 i was so sick of hearing about me and procreation . 
 `` lots of gentry women have kids . 
 are you saying i should worry about all of them , little miss love guru ? '' 
 `` not all of them look like you . 
 i mean , not exactly like you ... but i think dorian gets off on redheads . 
 maybe he figures he 'll have red-haired kids that way . 
 i do n't know . 
 but , whatever . 
 i 'm just saying she 's waiting there for you to slip up with dorian . 
 and he 's already gone for her before . 
 she 's got a bigger chest than you , too . '' 
 `` hey , '' i said indignantly . 
 `` that 's irrelevant . 
 besides , he went for her - and she annoyed him . 
 and i 'm not going to ` slip up . ' 
 he 's not going anywhere . '' 
 i frowned , surprised by my next words , that i 'd actually say them to her . 
 `` it 's kiyo i 've got to pull in . '' 
 jasmine 's gray eyes widened in shock . 
 `` him ? 
 he 's no use to you ... unless , oh jesus . 
 you guys are n't planning some three-way , are you ? 
 i mean , i know you and dorian get into some - '' `` no ! '' 
 i exclaimed . 
 `` it 's nothing like that . 
 i need a favor from kiyo , that 's all . 
 a big one . 
 a dangerous one . 
 i 'm not sure what 'll convince him . '' 
 i smiled weakly , remembering dorian 's expression when i 'd showed up in the tight gentry dress . 
 `` i 'd know what to do if it was dorian . '' 
 jasmine scoffed and gave me a scathing look . 
 `` how stupid are you ? 
 even i know what to do if you want to suck in kiyo . 
 look human . '' 
 `` i am human . 
 who 's stupid now ? '' 
 good grief . 
 we 'd advanced to snippy quarrelling . 
 we were becoming real sisters more and more each day . 
 `` you 're half human . 
 dorian likes that because he thinks he can knock you up ... but the rest ? 
 he wants you to be a queen . 
 one of the shining ones . 
 kiyo does n't . 
 he hates all of that . 
 he does n't want you anywhere near it . 
 you hooked up before you were into all the otherworld stuff . 
 be like that . '' 
 i stared at her , startled because she had an excellent point . 
 `` do i look human now ? '' 
 jasmine studied me critically . 
 i had jeans and a t-shirt on , my hair pulled sloppily into a ponytail . 
 my boots were sturdy , made for hiking . 
 plain . 
 `` yeah , '' she said , sounding surprised . 
 `` scruffy and human . 
 he 'll be into that . 
 except for the ring . 
 it 's from dorian , right ? 
 put it under your shirt . '' 
 i touched the ring hanging on my chest , having forgotten about it . 
 `` how 'd you know it was from him ? '' 
 `` because you would n't get it for yourself , and no one else would either . 
 it 's also got oak leaves . '' 
 i peered down at it . 
 sure enough . 
 i had n't identified the leaves earlier . 
 i followed her advice , concealing it under the shirt . 
 she watched with approval , then seemed to really notice my shirt . 
 `` who 's mandouml ; tley cr e ? '' 
 i was saved from lecturing her on classic rock when a servant scurried up to us , telling me kiyo was here . 
 the ease i 'd felt with jasmine vanished . 
 i stood up , forcing calm , half-wondering if i should take her after all . 
 no . 
 kiyo was the right choice . 
 `` good luck , '' jasmine said , picking up her book . 
 `` and remember : be human . '' 
 i followed the servant away , embarrassed that i was taking advice from an insane fifteen-year-old . 
 except ... i knew she was right . 
 i made sure my gait was casual , nothing regal . 
 then , i sent the servant away , deciding it 'd be best to come to kiyo on my own , rather than approaching with an escort , no matter how insignificant . 
 he was waiting inside a parlor , pacing restlessly . 
 i knew how uneasy i made him , and this invitation had no doubt put him on guard . 
 i watched him unnoticed for a moment , admiring that muscled body while knowing it was wrong to do so . 
 sneaking up on him was impossible , though . 
 he could smell me . 
 my sweat and skin alone would have given me away , let alone the vanilla sunscreen and violet perfume i also wore . 
 `` eugenie , '' he said , turning around . 
 `` nice to see you . '' 
 he seemed impassive , but his eyes made me think he really did like seeing me - physically at least . 
 `` sorry for the abrupt request , '' i said . 
 `` you were probably visiting luisa , huh ? '' 
 the mention of his daughter softened his expression a tiny , tiny bit . 
 `` yeah , she 's ... she grows every day . 
 it 's amazing . '' 
 he flipped back to alert mode . 
 `` but that 's not why you asked me here . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 i settled into one of the chairs , crossing my legs and hoping i looked casual and unassuming . 
 `` i need your help . '' 
 he continued standing . 
 `` that 's unexpected . '' 
 `` well , i got an unexpected offer . 
 do you still want me to get out of this war ? '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 he made a face . 
 `` oh , eug . 
 please tell me you do n't want me to negotiate or something . '' 
 i smiled , both at the suggestion and his use of the nickname . 
 `` no , i need you for something that 's more your specialty . 
 i do n't suppose you 've ever heard of the iron crown ? '' 
 kiyo had n't . 
 i provided a brief rundown , explaining how the person who fought through and won it could allegedly inspire fear and awe . 
 `` and that 's enough to make katrice back off ? '' 
 he asked skeptically . 
 `` so they say . '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` it 's weird to me too , but everyone i 've talked to claims it 'll intimidate katrice and her armies . '' 
 best not to mention that `` everyone '' was dorian , a ghost , and a crazy seeress . 
 `` it 'll prove what a badass i am . 
 and if that forces her into peace talks ... '' i let him draw his own conclusions . 
 `` it 's a gamble , '' kiyo said . 
 he still sounded doubtful , but there was a crack there . 
 he wanted the war over . 
 he wanted me out of it . 
 `` but why ask me ? 
 why not dorian ? '' 
 `` because he could n't survive the quest . 
 the way 's lined with iron . 
 it would take an insanely strong gentry - or people with human blood , like you and me . 
 plus , i trust you . '' 
 i did n't know if the human solidarity had gotten me anywhere , but he was definitely considering this more and more . 
 i also wondered if admitting trust in him did anything . 
 part of what had driven us apart was my accusation that he did n't care enough about me to punish leith . 
 `` i 'd like to help you , '' kiyo said finally . 
 `` it 's crazy - but no crazier than half the stuff around here . 
 i should talk to maiwenn first , though . '' 
 you must not - under any circumstances - allow him to go back to maiwenn and consult her on this . 
 `` there 's no time , '' i said , hastily running through dorian 's laundry list of excuses . 
 `` we have to go now . 
 the ghost who 's going to help me threatened to back out if i did n't act soon . 
 and we 're currently on hold with katrice . 
 if i could return with the crown before the next battle , it would be ... well , it 'd be amazing . 
 no more bloodshed . '' 
 i could see him wavering , but he was n't quite convinced . 
 really , i did n't blame him . 
 if i had an ally who could advise me on some bizarre quest , i 'd want to talk to her too before jumping in . 
 `` you can talk to her if you want , '' i said . 
 `` but i 've got to leave now . 
 i ca n't stand waiting . 
 i 'll just go by myself . '' 
 that drove the dagger in . 
 no matter how sketchy the logic , no matter how smart it would be to get maiwenn 's advice ... the fear of my running off into unknown dangers was too great . 
 he stared at me for several heavy moments , his expression unreadable . 
 finally , he sighed . 
 `` right now ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` right now , '' i said . 
 deanna came easily when i summoned her , making me wonder if she 'd been hanging around invisibly since our last chat . 
 regardless , she did n't mention the fake ultimatum , thus letting kiyo continue to believe we were in a time crunch . 
 i called volusian as well , figuring it could n't hurt to have his protection while traveling to the ghost cutoff point . 
 the two spirits did n't interact as we traveled , no surprise seeing as they had little in common . 
 deanna was tied to the living because of unfinished business and love for others . 
 volusian 's soul was damned for eternity , forced to wander for his crimes - unless i ever sent him to the underworld . 
 deanna had n't been able to give us a time estimate on how long it would take to reach the crown 's lair -lrb- as i was beginning to refer to it -rrb- . 
 the otherworld 's twisted terrain always made travel hard to gauge , plus spirits could move faster than we could . 
 i would n't have minded walking , but the unknown variables made me ride horseback . 
 kiyo did the same out of courtesy for me , though he could have tirelessly covered miles and miles in fox form . 
 the only thing i really knew for sure was that this would n't be a day trip . 
 kiyo and i were as silent as the ghosts , though once we crossed out of the lands adjacent to mine , he would occasionally tell me where we were . 
 i 'd never ventured this far into the otherworld , and it made me uneasy , though knowing we were clear of the rowan land was a relief . 
 even kiyo , neutral as he claimed , had tensed in katrice 's territory . 
 `` this is the honeysuckle land , '' he said , when the road led us to a hot , riotously colored landscape . 
 flowers grew everywhere , and even the trees were covered in blossoms . 
 arizona was notorious for all its hummingbirds , but here , they swarmed like flies . 
 `` dorian was right , '' i mused . 
 `` it is beautiful . '' 
 it was hard to imagine this place mustering up a military . 
 this seemed more like a world where people frolicked in scanty clothing , beating drums and engaging in free love . 
 well , since they were gentry , free love would have been a given . 
 `` dorian would know , '' said kiyo stiffly , eyes focused straight ahead . 
 `` i 'm surprised he let you come with me . '' 
 `` dorian does n't say what i can or ca n't do , '' i snapped . 
 `` if you 're going to just keep doing this the whole time , i 'll - '' `` you 'll what ? '' 
 asked kiyo with amusement , when i did n't continue . 
 `` send me back ? 
 face death-threatening situations alone ? '' 
 `` i would gladly escort you back , if that is what you choose , '' volusian told kiyo . 
 i sighed . 
 `` please . 
 just do n't get on dorian the whole time , okay ? 
 he wants this over . 
 it was his idea to get your help . 
 he 's worried , believe me . '' 
 `` that , '' said kiyo gravely , `` i can believe . 
 i do n't trust him . 
 i do n't believe his alliance with you is as straightforward as it seems . 
 but i do believe he cares about you . '' 
 the landscape suddenly shifted around us , becoming a rolling desert of white sand . 
 it stretched out under a blazing sun , reflecting back at us in a way that was hard on the eyes . 
 `` ugh , '' i said , focusing down on the road . 
 `` what 's this ? '' 
 `` the myrrh land , '' said kiyo . 
 even with my eyes averted , i knew he was smiling . 
 `` figured you 'd like this place . 
 you should go make friends with its king . 
 they 've got some badass fighters . '' 
 `` big difference between this and the sonora desert , '' i said . 
 although harsh and scalding , the desert i 'd grown up with was full of life . 
 this place was desolate and dead . 
 mercifully , we soon passed out of it into sweeping moors , covered in snow . 
 i took my leather jacket out of my pack . 
 i 'd brought it knowing we might travel through lands that were in winter . 
 it still was n't much protection , and i realized i could have easily gotten one of my servants to whip up something more suitable . 
 no doubt it would 've been gentry-style , probably a cloak . 
 look human , jasmine had said . 
 mostly i looked cold . 
 kiyo identified this place as the birch land . 
 we crossed into the honeysuckle land again , which was typical of the otherworld . 
 other places repeated as well . 
 when the road took us through a landscape that reminded me of northern texas , kiyo had nothing to say . 
 `` what 's this ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i do n't know , '' he admitted . 
 `` the pecan land , '' said volusian . 
 `` sounds delicious , '' i teased . 
 we 'd had few stops and mostly eaten travel rations . 
 `` i could go for a pecan pie right now . '' 
 kiyo did n't respond . 
 he seemed lost in thought , his expression growing darker as we passed through more and more terrain he did n't know . 
 he seemed to know the names , though , and did n't like them . 
 `` you 're taking us to the unclaimed lands , '' he said to deanna . 
 it was near the end of our day , the sky burning red . 
 `` i do n't know , '' she said simply . 
 `` i 'm only going where i was shown . '' 
 `` volusian ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` of course we 're going to the unclaimed lands , '' he said , sounding mildly annoyed by my stupidity . 
 `` we 're nearly upon them . 
 where else would you expect a coveted object to be hidden ? '' 
 i glanced at kiyo . 
 `` i 'm going to go out on a limb here and guess these are kingdoms no one controls ? '' '' 
 ` kingdoms ' is n't even the right word , '' he said . 
 `` no one lives here . '' 
 `` why not ? '' 
 i asked . 
 the scenery changed again . 
 the texture of the ground was like recently dried mud , covered in a pattern of cracks that reminded me of one of my jigsaw puzzles . 
 odd holes were scattered here and there . 
 this eerie landscape stretched far , far ahead , no end in sight . 
 not far from us - ten miles at most - the land rose sharply along the sides of the cracked road , forming high , rocky cliffs that curled in at their tops like jaws . 
 erratic gusts of wind blew through the tunnel they formed . 
 the setting sun made everything blood-red . 
 `` guess , '' said kiyo . 
 `` because we 're here . '' 
 i peered around , studying the depressing landscape . 
 its superficial appearance meant little , really . 
 any gentry seizing control of it could shape the land to his or her will , instantly beautifying it . 
 then , a strange feeling settled in me . 
 i could n't quite define it . 
 it did n't make me ill or disoriented . 
 it just did n't feel right . 
 i squinted at the cliffs , taking in their striation . 
 through the red haze , i could see many of the loose rocks were a dull gray , streaked with orange . 
 oxidized metal . 
 `` iron , '' i realized . 
 `` we 're surrounded in iron . 
 we 're not even in the crown 's lair yet . 
 we ca n't get to the lair without passing through iron . '' 
 `` can you feel it ? '' 
 asked kiyo . 
 `` yes ... '' that was the odd feeling in the pit of my stomach . 
 `` that 's the gentry in you . 
 even with your human blood , you ca n't help but be affected . 
 there 's a lot of iron here . '' 
 `` i do n't feel weak , '' i said , astonished the iron would affect me at all . 
 `` or sick or in pain . '' 
 i 'd seen gentry scream just from the smallest touch of iron . 
 i summoned the magic within me , letting it reach out to the air and unseen moisture , though i did n't actively use it . 
 `` i do n't think it 's hurting my magic either . '' 
 `` good , '' said kiyo . 
 `` you 're strong , so i 'm not surprised . 
 you may just have a simple awareness of it . '' 
 i thought about this for a moment and came to another realization . 
 `` you 're not affected at all , are you ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` nope . '' 
 i always thought of kiyo and me as being alike , children born of both worlds . 
 that part was true , as was our half-human heritage . 
 but my otherworldly blood came from the gentry . 
 only gentry were affected by iron , and kitsunes had no fairy connection . 
 as with the demon bear and the fetch , a kitsune 's bane would be silver . 
 at least , a full-blooded kitsune 's would be . 
 i 'd seen kiyo handle silver objects ; his human blood protected him as mine did me . 
 the bottom line was that he was a more useful companion here than i 'd realized . 
 i wondered if dorian had made the connection . 
 `` we will cross through no other lands until you turn back , mistress , '' said volusian . 
 `` so this is the world 's end . 
 the otherworld 's end , at least . '' 
 i turned to deanna , hovering alongside us . 
 `` will we reach the entrance before night ? '' 
 she thought about it , and i braced myself for another vague response . 
 `` no . 
 if you do n't stop , you 'll reach it in the morning . '' 
 kiyo and i exchanged looks , both of us thinking the same thing . 
 get to the crown sooner or camp and be rested ? 
 i looked over at volusian . 
 `` you said there are no other lands . 
 but will the terrain in this one change ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` what do you think ? '' 
 i asked kiyo . 
 `` i do n't want to be tired when we face whatever 's guarding the crown , but this is n't great camping territory . '' 
 `` no , '' he agreed . 
 his eyes scanned around us , able to see more than mine in the waning light . 
 he pointed . 
 `` there . 
 there 's a small outcrop that 'll block most of the wind . 
 enough to keep a fire going . 
 i hope . '' 
 i could n't see the spot but trusted him . 
 `` camping it is . '' 
 when we reached it , i saw the site was indeed sheltered . 
 i tethered the horses while kiyo built up a fire . 
 we watched it warily as the wind abruptly came and went . 
 the fire flickered and waved but appeared capable of lasting the night . 
 `` i could hold off the wind a little , '' i said . 
 `` do n't bother , '' said kiyo , settling down beside the blaze . 
 `` save your magic . 
 this 'll hold . '' 
 i wondered if he really was concerned about me conserving my strength or just wanted me to avoid my magic altogether . 
 he 'd never liked it . 
 i did n't question him , though , and sat down as well , mostly because the cold was finally starting to get to me . 
 i buttoned up the leather jacket , achieving little . 
 our dinner consisted of more travel food : jerky , granola , and some bread that would probably be stale tomorrow . 
 `` i do n't suppose you can use your wilderness skills to go hunt us something fresh ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he smiled , the campfire casting strange shadows on his face , now that night had fully come . 
 `` i would if there was anything alive out here . 
 it 's just us . '' 
 he eyed me , taking in my shivering . 
 `` do n't you own a warmer coat ? '' 
 `` where am i going to get a down coat in tucson ? '' 
 i demanded . 
 `` this time of year ? 
 any sporting goods store . 
 for the skiers . 
 lara could order you one if you ca n't be troubled . '' 
 `` i think lara and tim are in love , '' i said abruptly , remembering that bizarre development . 
 `` what ? '' 
 asked kiyo , as astonished as i had been . 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 `` well , they 're in infatuation , at least . 
 volusian , were they together when you went back ? '' 
 my minion was off in the shadows , only his red eyes visible . 
 `` yes , mistress . 
 they were in bed , their bodies naked and - '' `` okay , okay , stop , '' i exclaimed . 
 `` i do n't need to hear anymore . '' 
 `` well , i 'll be damned , '' said kiyo . 
 while we 'd dated , he 'd been witness to their phone battles . 
 `` but i guess stranger things have happened . '' 
 `` yeah , '' i agreed . 
 `` look at us . 
 we 're sitting in an iron landscape , being led by a ghost to a mythical object , which - if it even exists - may or may not make me scary enough to end a war . '' 
 `` fair point , '' said kiyo , his smile returning . 
 we sat in companionable silence . 
 it was a nice change from the animosity and tension that had surrounded us for so long . 
 i 'd missed him , i realized . 
 `` eugenie ? '' 
 `` hmm ? '' 
 i glanced up , feeling embarrassed by my thoughts . 
 `` why did n't you bring roland with you ? 
 he could 've fought unaffected . 
 and god knows he does n't want gentry power . '' 
 i looked away from those dark eyes , down at the fire 's blue heart . 
 `` he does n't want me to have gentry power either . '' 
 `` yeah , but he 'd put that aside if he knew you were walking into - '' `` he does n't know anything , '' i said bluntly . 
 my voice then grew soft . 
 `` we are n't speaking anymore . '' 
 `` how ... '' kiyo paused , no doubt trying to wrap his mind around this . 
 `` how is this possible ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` he cut me off . 
 when he found out i 'd been keeping the truth from him , about the thorn land and everything else ... well , ever since what happened with leith , he 's refused to speak to or acknowledge me . '' 
 `` but your mom ... '' `` talks to me occasionally . 
 she 's caught in the middle , and i do n't want to make it harder on her than it already is . 
 she should n't have to go against her husband . '' 
 kiyo 's confusion was becoming anger . 
 `` yeah , but you 're her daughter ! 
 she should be able to - '' `` just forget it , okay ? '' 
 i drew my knees up to me and wrapped my arms around them to draw in more warmth . 
 `` i do n't want to talk about it . '' 
 `` eug , i 'm sorry . '' 
 i kept quiet . 
 there was nothing to say . 
 he cleared his throat . 
 `` i do n't suppose you brought anything else to keep you warm ? 
 blankets ? 
 camping supplies ? '' 
 `` i did n't think about the possible overnight part , '' i said , grateful for the subject shift . 
 `` i 've got a change of clothes like these , food , weapons , and first aid supplies . '' 
 `` you brought first aid stuff ? '' 
 he sounded impressed . 
 `` it 's not like you to think ahead . 
 er , i mean , you do n't usually worry about - '' `` i know what you mean , '' i said with a weary smile . 
 `` and do n't worry , the universe is the same . 
 i did n't plan ahead . 
 it 's for current injuries . '' 
 `` current ? '' 
 `` i got hit by a table . '' 
 there might be a million reasons that kiyo and i were wrong for each other , but one nice thing was that when i made a statement like that , he just did n't question it . 
 i was still freezing when it came time to sleep , forcing kiyo into a bold suggestion . 
 `` come sleep over here , between me and the fire . 
 the cold does n't bug me as much , and i can block the wind . '' 
 `` kiyo - '' `` yeah , yeah . 
 i know . 
 dorian . 
 but if he wanted me here to protect you , then here 's the perfect chance . 
 besides , we all know you can kick my ass if i try anything . '' 
 i said and did nothing . 
 when this continued for about a minute , he sighed and lay down on his side , back to the wind . 
 i attempted the same , after ordering volusian to stay on watch , but even with the fire 's warmth , i was still cold . 
 i 'm tough , i 'm tough . 
 i played those words over and over through my head , not wanting to admit weakness . 
 after about fifteen minutes , i gave in and crawled over to kiyo 's side of the fire . 
 there was no `` i told you so . '' 
 he simply made room but was surprised when i positioned myself to face him . 
 `` i thought you 'd want your back to me . '' 
 `` ca n't , '' i said . 
 `` that 's where the injuries are . '' 
 `` from the table . '' 
 `` right . '' 
 he could have attempted propriety by turning over so his back faced me , but that would have put his face to the wind . 
 he did n't deserve that . 
 i wiggled myself closer , curling myself against his body , and resting my head against his chest . 
 he was big enough that he did almost completely shield me . 
 his whole body stood still as i made myself comfortable , either from his astonishment or for my ease . 
 once i was settled , he relaxed slightly and tried to put his arms around me . 
 he suddenly fumbled and pulled them away , grazing my breast as he did . 
 i do n't know if he noticed . 
 i certainly did . 
 `` wait . 
 where are you hurt ? '' 
 `` back . 
 left shoulder . '' 
 tentatively , he reached out again and wrapped his arms around my waist . 
 `` this okay ? '' 
 `` mmm-hmm . '' 
 holding me , he shifted closer so that our bodies pressed together , holding in the warmth . 
 `` this ? '' 
 `` fine . '' 
 he relaxed again and exhaled . 
 tucked against him , i could n't see his face but had the sneaking suspicion that i would n't be getting much sleep tonight . 
 survival-wise , this plan was sound . 
 i was warm -lrb- ish -rrb- now , protected and heated by him . 
 but i was also pressed up against a body that i knew intimately , one that used to move in mine with a possessive fierceness . 
 dorian claimed me with mind games and exquisite acts of dominance . 
 kiyo had always done it through strength and ferocity , an animal taking his mate . 
 i bit my lip and closed my eyes , hoping i 'd fall asleep if i mentally enumerated the reasons we 'd broken up . 
 but mostly , i kept remembering how his hand had lightly rubbed my breast . 
 sleep finally took me , but it was a long time in coming . 
 as i drifted off , i wondered how he was coping . 
 this probably did n't affect him at all . 
 if he really was n't sleeping with maiwenn again , then he was probably out picking up women all the time . 
 kitsunes had kind of a supernatural allure , and god knew he 'd been pretty persuasive the night we 'd met . 
 i awoke a couple hours before dawn - and not by choice . 
 volusian 's warning came only seconds before the surface below us began to tremble . 
 i was up in a flash , but unsurprisingly , kiyo had already beaten me . 
 i 'd gone to sleep with weapons , uncomfortable though it was . 
 i had n't known what i 'd need out here , except that i would n't need the iron athame since this was a gentry-free zone . 
 i had my gun -lrb- safety on -rrb- and the silver athame . 
 both were out as kiyo and i stood back to back , staring around us . 
 the tremors shook the ground , forcing some fancy footwork , and creating more of the cracks that already covered the ground . 
 a few more seconds passed , and then all went still . 
 `` an earthquake ? '' 
 i asked uncertainly . 
 `` no , '' said volusian . 
 he was in his solid , two-legged form , staring around with narrowed eyes . 
 it was a little disconcerting that he did n't seem to know precisely what the problem was . 
 `` then what are we - '' the ground below us suddenly split open . 
 with only the light of the fire , my vision was bad , but i thought i saw what looked kind of like a serpentine shape emerge from the earth . 
 no , it was exactly like a serpentine shape because a moment later , a giant fucking snake shot up and landed neatly in a perfect coil , its head towered over kiyo and me as it regarded us with glowing green eyes . 
 the light from them illuminated a flicking , forked tongue , and the loud hissing that followed was kind of a given . 
 `` volusian ! '' 
 i yelled . 
 my minion sprang into action . 
 the deadly touch of his hands made the snake jerk in surprise . 
 beside me , kiyo was shifting into fox form , and i decided a gun was probably going to get me farther here than the athame 's small blade . 
 a drop of venom fell from the snake 's mouth , and it sizzled when it hit the ground in front of me . 
 lovely . 
 still , i felt confident the three of us could take this thing . 
 at least until the ground shook again , and another snake popped up . 
 it was soon followed by a third . 
 `` son of a bitch . '' 
 i deliberated , wondering if mass force on one snake at a time was the way to go . 
 no . 
 i 'd leave kiyo and volusian to the first . 
 i yelled a warning to kiyo that the snake was poisonous , but it was hard to say if he understood . 
 i turned on the two new snakes . 
 even with part of their bodies coiled , their heads stood a good ten feet above mine . 
 more venom dropped before me . 
 deciding not to play favorites , i aimed the gun and quickly fired off a couple of rounds into each . 
 i 'd had the foresight to load up silver bullets , but it did n't look like the gun was going to kill the snakes anytime soon - at least not without fifty more shots . 
 mostly , the bullets seemed to piss them off more . 
 still , i kept firing since that seemed to make the snakes keep their distance . 
 it proved to be a short-term solution , seeing as my bullets soon ran out . 
 i reached for another clip . 
 i could reload a gun quickly , but that pause gave one of the snakes an opening . 
 its head - no pun intended - snaked toward me , giving me a close-up view of large fangs . 
 i 'd been on guard for such an attack and jumped out of its way , only to be struck by the other 's tail . 
 it knocked me several feet away , causing me to lose my grip on the new cartridge . 
 the cartridge disappeared into the night , and i landed hard on the ground . 
 my back and shoulder screamed in agony , but i had no time to baby them . 
 there were two other clips in my belt , but as one of the snakes came for me again , my hand went to the athame after all . 
 the snake that had hit me leaned down , its face and dripping jaw inches from me . 
 rather than run again , i leaped forward and plunged the blade into its eye . 
 it cried out in pain , suffering from the silver , just as any otherworldy creature would . 
 well , actually , any creature with a knife in its eye would probably suffer , magical or not . 
 i had the sense to jerk my athame out , having no desire either to lose the blade or get pulled along as the snake reared back up . 
 the suffering of its pal made the other hold off . 
 in those moments , i shoved the athame back into my belt , yelping in surprise . 
 apparently , the snake 's eye was poisonous too , and whatever liquid had come away with the blade ate through my jeans and burned my skin . 
 nonetheless , i managed to get another cartridge loaded . 
 without hesitation , i turned and emptied the entire gun into the snake 's head . 
 i was n't precise enough to hit the eye , but all those bullets took their toll . 
 the snake wavered in the air , blood mixing with venom on its skin , and with a last hiss of pain , it fell over and slammed into the ground . 
 wondering why the other snake had n't come for me , i spun around and saw volusian and kiyo attacking it . 
 i took it on faith that the first one was dead and loaded the gun with my last cartridge . 
 volusian 's touch was searing the snake 's skin , and kiyo was simply ripping into it with his teeth . 
 opting for what seemed tried and true , i fired into the snake 's head again . 
 between the three of us , we soon literally took the snake down . 
 i stood there tense and ready , empty gun in one hand and athame in the other . 
 the world was silent except for the wind and the occasional twitching of the third snake as it died . 
 moments later , kiyo morphed out of the fox shape , giving me a better view of any injuries now that he was n't covered in fur . 
 he grimaced and spit on the ground a few times , but biting the snake apparently had n't destroyed his mouth or face . 
 a couple red spots on his arms made me think he too had been splattered with the venom . 
 otherwise , he looked unharmed . 
 he sighed and raked a hand through his black hair , which was curling slightly from sweat . 
 `` cute , '' i said . 
 kiyo turned to me , giving me the same assessment i 'd just given him . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 `` a little venom and probably some bruising tomorrow . '' 
 he nodded , relieved , and then did a double take . 
 `` you 're bleeding . '' 
 `` am i ? '' 
 i asked , almost as surprised as he was . 
 he hurried over to me . 
 `` your shoulder . '' 
 `` oh , shit , '' i said , craning my neck to look back . 
 `` that 's the table injury . '' 
 `` take off your shirt . 
 and do n't even start with some ridiculous modesty spiel , '' he added , seeing me start to protest . 
 i knew he was right and gingerly lifted off the mandouml ; tley cr e shirt . 
 he helped me part of the way , saving me from raising my arms too far . 
 examining the shirt , i saw blood soaked in it . 
 `` bad ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i 'll know once i take the bandages off . 
 please tell me you have more and that we do n't have to reuse these . '' 
 `` i 've got more . 
 i told you i brought supplies . '' 
 carefully , he peeled off the gash 's cloth coverings and tossed them to the ground . 
 in the firelight and dim glow of sunrise , i could see the fabric was completely red with blood . 
 `` you broke some stitches , '' he said wearily . 
 `` i do n't have the tools to fix it . '' 
 i 'd once been kind of freaked out that he used his veterinarian skills to patch battle wounds , but now i kind of took it in stride . 
 `` pain aside , is that going to matter ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` you 'll bleed more , though i 'll wrap it as much as i can . 
 you 'll risk a scar too if you do n't get it stitched again . 
 once we finish this craziness up , i can do it for you back in tucson if you do n't want to explain it to your doctor . '' 
 `` my regular one 's kind of used to this , '' i said . 
 he snorted . 
 `` i imagine so . '' 
 i fetched my pack , and we both sat on the ground . 
 the light was increasing , making it easier for him to work as he tidied up my back . 
 the old bandages were tossed away , and i winced as he swabbed everything with antiseptic wipes . 
 `` i thought the danger did n't start until we were in the crown 's cave , '' i muttered . 
 `` as often happens , mistress , you 've made an incorrect assumption , '' said volusian . 
 `` the legends say the path to the crown is perilous . 
 we are on the path . 
 your testing has begun . '' 
 `` fantastic . 
 ow ! '' 
 `` i 'm saving you from infection , '' chastised kiyo . 
 that seemed to be the last of the sanitizing , thankfully , and from there he began layering gauze and tape . 
 what he did was far from erotic , but it amazed me how gentle and steady his hands could be after seeing him savagely fight and rip things apart . 
 i glanced over at deanna , who had simply observed the fight . 
 she 'd said nothing , but i thought i caught a glimpse of relief on her face . 
 my death would have put a serious hitch in our bargain . 
 `` how long until the entrance ? 
 when we lose you guys ? '' 
 i asked . 
 annoying or not , volusian would be missed - especially if these snakes were just the warm-up act . 
 `` a few hours , '' said deanna . 
 i frowned , unsure if i should dread it or not . 
 we 'd lose our backup but be that much closer to finishing this anti-vacation . 
 `` i suppose it 'd be too much to hope you 've brought any painkillers ? '' 
 asked kiyo , still layering me up . 
 i felt like i had a quilt on my back . 
 `` vicodin probably is n't the best asset for impending battle . '' 
 `` i was thinking more like aspirin . '' 
 `` nope . '' 
 but it did remind me i was due for another antibiotic dose . 
 i 'd arrogantly thought i did n't need them but now was glad for my mom 's vigilance . 
 not that i wanted to admit any of this to kiyo . 
 the thing about dating a doctor was that he 'd always been on me about taking better care of myself . 
 i did n't want to hear any i-told-you-so 's now . 
 and unsurprisingly , there was more advice to come . 
 he finished the last of the tape and helped me put on the clean shirt i 'd packed . 
 `` eugenie , wrapping this is a nuisance , but any gentry healer could have fixed this up in their sleep . 
 dorian 's got great healers . 
 why did n't he have one of them take care of this ? 
 he should know better . '' 
 i shifted around so i faced him . 
 `` how on earth did this suddenly become dorian 's fault ? 
 why is he responsible for everything evil ? 
 of course he offered to get a healer . 
 i refused because i figured other people needed it more . '' 
 i 'd also totally forgotten to ask shaya . 
 kiyo 's expression relaxed and actually grew apologetic . 
 he looked away . 
 `` of course you did . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` sorry for accusing dorian or for forgetting i 'd be foolishly altruistic ? '' 
 kiyo turned back , a small smile on his lips . 
 `` what do you think ? 
 there 's very little i feel apologetic for when it comes to dorian , especially when i 'm still convinced he wants to father storm king 's heir . '' 
 i smiled back . 
 `` i 'm sure he does too . 
 but it 's a moot point . 
 i 've still got birth control pills . 
 i still do n't want any kids . 
 my life 's stressful enough . '' 
 belatedly , i recalled his adoration of luisa . 
 `` no offense . '' 
 `` none taken , '' he said , still smiling . 
 `` really ... i should be better about trusting you . 
 i just keep thinking ... '' the smile dimmed a little . 
 `` thinking what ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 that one day this will all get to you . 
 and i do n't mean about storm king . 
 i mean just ... everything . 
 you 'll totally give yourself over to this world . 
 i 'll lose the eugenie i know . '' 
 i grabbed his hand without thinking and squeezed it . 
 `` hey , stop that . 
 you said it yourself : trust me . 
 i 'm the same eugenie . 
 still split between identities ... but nothing can change that . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 he continued holding my hand . 
 the touch of his fingers , which had been so objectively medical minutes ago , now took on another feel ... something warmer . 
 something that made my body feel strange , as those dark eyes stayed fixed on me . 
 i found myself falling into them like i used to , into those sexy , smoky depths ... i abruptly stood up , breaking that dangerous touch . 
 `` well , '' i said awkwardly , `` seeing as it 's already light out and we 're up , we might as well get going . 
 breakfast in the saddle ? '' 
 kiyo rose too , looking troubled . 
 `` sure . 
 the sooner we 're moving , the sooner we 're past any snake threats . '' 
 as we packed up and got back on the horses , i wondered if we were riding toward something much worse than snakes . 
 do n't get me wrong : they 'd been bad . 
 but i fought supernatural creatures all the time . 
 there 'd been so much hype about the crown . 
 was it simply going to involve a monster buffet ? 
 i kept those thoughts to myself as we traveled , having plenty of other things to preoccupy me . 
 my meager breakfast . 
 kiyo 's presence . 
 the pain in my back . 
 the meaning behind the scattered holes in the terrain . 
 on the road went , just as it would through any part of the otherworld . 
 i wondered how far it went . 
 to infinity ? 
 or would a traveler simply fall off the edge , like on those maps made back when people believed the world was flat ? 
 `` this is it . '' 
 deanna 's voice , though soft , seemed harsh in the emptiness around us . 
 we came to a halt , and i glanced around , searching for what she 'd found . 
 at last , i spotted a small , dark opening tucked in one of the iron mountains . 
 `` that 's it ? 
 it seems so ... small . '' 
 `` out here it does , '' said kiyo . 
 `` we do n't know what 's inside ... except that it 's going to completely enclose us in iron . 
 remember - that 'd kill most gentry . 
 it 's a test you 're lucky enough to skip . 
 hopefully . '' 
 `` true , '' i murmured . 
 i still felt no ostensible effects from this land , but what would happen inside the mountain ? 
 `` i ca n't go inside , '' said deanna . 
 `` i 'll just wait here for you to come out . '' 
 `` i too shall wait , '' said volusian , `` in the hopes that you meet your death and that it is your spirit that emerges , so that i may torment it for all eternity . '' 
 i pushed away the desire to order him away . 
 even if he could n't follow us , i 'd feel better having him right here for defense when we came out . 
 and we would come out , i decided fiercely . 
 there was no if here . 
 i left my bag and gun outside , seeing as i had no ammunition left . 
 fucking snakes . 
 surveying the rest of my arsenal , i left the iron athame in my belt , putting the silver athame in my right hand and the wand in my left . 
 i glanced at kiyo . 
 `` ready ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` i 'll go first . '' 
 it was a very manly thing to do . 
 i let him lead and faintly heard deanna wishing us luck . 
 the cave we entered was pitch black and cramped . 
 i could just barely get through without ducking and knew kiyo had to walk slightly hunched . 
 we followed the twists and turns , scraping against the close , rough walls . 
 we spoke occasionally to check location , and i 'd sometimes touch his back as well . 
 the deeper we went , the more i could feel the iron around us . 
 again , i had no indications of weakness ... just an awareness . 
 `` light , '' said kiyo suddenly . 
 i blinked . 
 he was right . 
 i saw no light source , but something farther ahead was casting light down the tunnel . 
 it started as only faint illumination , just giving me a glimpse of his silhouette . 
 soon , the light increased ... as did the heat . 
 a roaring sound came to my ears . 
 `` i have a bad feeling about this , '' i said . 
 we rounded a corner , and my jaw nearly dropped . 
 the path ahead was blocked by fire . 
 to be precise , it was blocked by sheets of very neatly contained fire , giving the impression of giant blades - particularly since they swung from the ceiling . 
 magically flattened into sheets or not , the flames burned intensely , and the heat radiating through the corridor left no doubt that these bastards would incinerate us . 
 `` i think i saw this in a video game , '' i muttered . 
 kiyo 's gaze was fixed unwaveringly on the fire blades . 
 there were five of them . 
 his face was blank , but the concentration in his eyes told me what he was doing . 
 he was timing them , studying their patterns . 
 `` they 're staggered in a way that would let us get through , '' he said . 
 `` we just have to watch the timing . '' 
 `` you can get through . 
 i do n't know about me . '' 
 i was n't being defeatist ; i was just stating the truth . 
 kiyo possessed reflexes i did n't have . 
 i could sit here for hours and probably not learn their patterns like he could . 
 he frowned . 
 `` maybe i can just hold your hand . 
 or put you on my back . '' 
 `` what ? 
 no . 
 that 's ridiculous . 
 it 'd affect your speed - throw you off . '' 
 i studied the flames , hypnotized by the swinging patterns . 
 there were spaces between each sheet . 
 `` maybe i can wing it , take them one at a time . '' 
 `` now that 's a ridiculous idea . '' 
 frustration lined his brow . 
 `` and to think , i would have given anything for heat last night . 
 we should have camped in here ... '' my joke trailed off as an idea came to me . 
 `` i 'll just walk through . '' 
 the look he gave me required no words to convey his opinion . 
 `` seriously , '' i said . 
 i put my weapons away and drew on the magic within me . 
 the iron was n't affecting me . 
 i toyed with the elements of air and water , testing and weaving them like a scarf . 
 kiyo could feel the shift in temperature near us . 
 `` what are you thinking ? '' 
 `` i can protect myself , '' i said . 
 `` the cave 's damp enough - aside from here - for me to draw water . 
 i 'll make a shield for me and use air to blow out against the fire . '' 
 `` the air could feed the flames . '' 
 `` not if i do it right . '' 
 our eyes met . 
 he did n't like this idea , not at all . 
 `` this 'll work , '' i told him . 
 `` i know for a fact it will . '' 
 `` for a fact , huh ? 
 i still think i should carry you . '' 
 `` and i still think that 's idiotic . 
 you 've got ta trust me , kiyo . 
 i can do this . 
 i can feel it . '' 
 he did n't answer immediately , but i knew i had him . 
 `` if i watch you get burned alive , i 'm not going to be happy . '' 
 `` volusian 'll be happy , '' i said . 
 `` at least someone comes out on top . '' 
 `` eugenie ! '' 
 `` sorry . '' 
 i gave kiyo what i hoped was a reassuring smile . 
 `` this 'll work . 
 you go first . '' 
 he hesitated a few moments more and then transformed into a fox . 
 for fighting , he often chose a powerful , larger than life one . 
 now , he was small and quick like any ordinary red fox . 
 he turned toward the flames , the human part - and probably animal too - again gauging timing . 
 then - he sprang forward . 
 i 'd piled assurances on him , but it was my own breath that caught while watching him . 
 he ran without stopping , stride smooth and consistent as he flawlessly ran through empty space caused by the flames ' swinging to the opposite side of the cave . 
 in seconds , he reached the end , on the other side of the fifth sheet . 
 i exhaled . 
 he transformed back to kiyo and peered at me through the sporadic gaps , worry all over him . 
 i gave him another confident smile , hoping my earlier argument would hold true . 
 i stared at the flames , not to time them but simply to muster my own courage . 
 magic welled up within me as i pulled moisture around my body , creating a spinning , almost cyclone-like cocoon - that instantly soaked me . 
 that was the least of my worries . 
 then , i called on the air , drawing it to me and forcing it to blast away from my body . 
 as i stepped forward , my mind suddenly ran through a hundred other scenarios . 
 maybe i could have just sucked out the oxygen here and killed the fire . 
 of course , that 'd likely render me unconscious . 
 and would ordinary physics even work against magic fire ? 
 that question came to me too late , along with the realization that magic fire might similarly be immune to air and water . 
 woosh ! 
 i lacked kiyo 's timing . 
 the first fiery sheet flew at me - and went around me . 
 my fan-effect blew it away and the scalding heat that would have still reached me was mitigated by the water . 
 i picked up my pace , walking through the second one in a similar way . 
 lucky timing made me miss the third altogether . 
 the fourth nailed me - or would have - and then i just barely sidestepped the fifth . 
 i reached kiyo 's side and dropped the magic . 
 `` three out of five ai n't bad , '' i said cheerfully . 
 to my surprise he hugged me , in spite of my dripping clothes and hair . 
 `` jesus christ that was scary , eug . 
 when i saw you walk through that first wall ... '' '' ... you thought it was pretty cool ? '' 
 he pulled back and shook his head , watching as i wrung water from my shirt . 
 `` you sure are making an awful lot of jokes about some pretty serious stuff . '' 
 `` hey , you 're the one who made the dune reference . '' 
 i sighed and let my hands fall to my sides . 
 `` besides , if i was n't making jokes , i 'd probably come to my senses and be running straight back to the thorn land . '' 
 i drew air to me , taking along some of the heat , to sort of blow-dry me off . 
 i stopped when i was semi-dry , not wanting to use up the magic . 
 `` i understand , '' he said . 
 he gently touched my arm , smiled weakly , and then tilted his head toward the darkness ahead . 
 `` ready for more ? '' 
 i nodded , following him once again . 
 we walked farther and farther from the flames , losing the light as we did . 
 a strange flashback came to me , a trip to the underworld where i 'd walked through similar caves and faced tests to bring back kiyo 's soul . 
 how could i have nearly forgotten about that ? 
 i 'd loved him so much , i 'd faced death herself . 
 how did love like that change ? 
 more tunnel crawling followed , and i wondered if perhaps this was a test for claustrophobic gentry . 
 gradually , though , the tunnel began to expand and expand until it suddenly dead-ended into a large cavernous room . 
 much like the tunnel , everything here was simply rough rock with occasional glimpses of iron . 
 a few torches lit the chamber , revealing its centerpiece : an elegant marble pedestal with an iron crown sitting on it . 
 `` seriously ? '' 
 i said . 
 kiyo and i hovered near the room 's opening , wary of entering . 
 yet , as i stared at the crown , it was n't any potential trap that sent a chill down my spine . 
 another test in my trip to the underworld replayed in my mind : i 'd been forced to wear my father 's crown , despite my protests . 
 that crown had been platinum , but it and the one before me both had a similar silvery sheen . 
 both were adorned with purple jewels . 
 both had a harsh , martial feel to them . 
 the one in the vision had been a little more delicate , though , with a bit more artistic flair . 
 designer planning had also clearly gone into this one , with its circle of jeweled spikes alternating in size , but my feel was that it was meant to be impressive , not pretty . 
 `` it 's an illusion , '' i said to kiyo . 
 `` we ca n't have reached it already . 
 we 've hardly done anything . '' 
 he did n't take his eyes off the crown as he spoke . 
 `` snakes and walking through fire are nothing ? '' 
 `` well , no . 
 but i expected more , considering all the hype . '' 
 `` the iron , '' kiyo reminded me . 
 `` you used magic to get through the fire . 
 most gentry would too - but imagine what it would be like for them in all this iron . 
 if they even got this far . 
 you 're ... not cheating , exactly , but you 're bypassing a lot of the challenges here . '' 
 `` if it 's meant to be for gentry , then maybe the crown is too . 
 maybe i 'm too human and wo n't be able to claim it . '' 
 man , that would suck . 
 `` one way to find out . '' 
 i stared at the crown , noticing how little light reflected off it . 
 was this it ? 
 did i really just go up and claim it ? 
 time to find out . 
 i took a few steps forward ... and the room abruptly became cold . 
 a dark feeling , a feeling of power and pure evil filled the small space . 
 what does evil feel like ? 
 you just know . 
 i hastily returned to kiyo 's side , but it was too late . 
 a male figure materialized before us , clad in beautiful purple velvet robes , embroidered and tailored in a way dorian might have envied . 
 this guy 's hair was nearly as beautiful , a pale white blond that shone in the torchlight and grazed his shoulders . 
 yes , definitely an impressively attired figure . 
 the only thing that really detracted from it all was that he was a skeleton . 
 `` oh , fuck , '' i said . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 asked kiyo , moving close to me . 
 `` a lich . 
 like a ... i do n't know . 
 an undead necromancer or magic user . '' 
 my mind was frantically spinning . 
 liches used magic before their deaths to purposely keep themselves from the underworld . 
 it made them very hard to banish , according to roland . 
 i 'd only ever heard of them in stories . 
 `` like a zombie ? '' 
 `` no . 
 smarter . 
 and they can also do - duck ! '' 
 kiyo , always a hair faster than me , had already dropped down and taken me with him as the lich hurled a ball of blue fire at us . 
 it hit the wall above us , dispersing and blasting us with heat but otherwise doing no harm . 
 more of that fire was already forming in its skeletal hand , and i knew it would aim low . 
 kiyo transformed to his largest fox form and leapt at the lich , attacking the best way he knew how . 
 his jaws started to close around the lich 's robe-encased leg , but a small gesture from the lich sent kiyo flying . 
 he hit a wall , shook it off , and growled , pacing and planning what to do next in light of this new development . 
 during their split-second encounter , i had just enough time to send my senses out through the wand . 
 i touched the underworld and attempted to form a connection . 
 the butterfly on my arm burned like the snake 's venom , but i could n't open the way . 
 it was like beating on a heavy locked door . 
 more effort might have helped me break through , but i had no chance to try before another fireball came toward me . 
 i dodged and rolled away . 
 seeing the lich deflect kiyo again made me think an athame attack was n't going to be much help either . 
 the lich seemed to recognize my problems and laughed , a low , guttural sound that echoed unnaturally in the chamber . 
 `` you will not wear the iron crown . 
 you do not possess the power to wear the iron crown . '' 
 i was ready to evade another fireball , but a flick of the lich 's hand threw me back against the wall . 
 i did n't even have time to process the agony that caused to my wounds because the unseen force that pinned me there hurt too much . 
 it was like a million invisible needles were piercing my skin , going straight through me , and lodging in the stone to hold me in place . 
 i screamed at the pain , and kiyo instantly raced toward the lich again . 
 the larger the fox form , the more animal he was , and i had a feeling this was just a gut reaction at seeing me attacked . 
 the lich threw him off again with that invisible force - only harder this time . 
 kiyo slammed against the wall , slumping down to the cave 's floor . 
 weakly , he tried to stand up on all four legs but was too disoriented and injured . 
 the lich turned back to me , and i saw death in his eyes . 
 had i really joked about this being easy ? 
 the only one this had been easy for was the lich . 
 he 'd taken us out with just a few spells , and now i would die . 
 this was why those who wore the iron crown were feared . 
 if you could survive this , you could survive anything . 
 `` you will not wear the iron crown , '' he repeated , lifting his hands for the final spell . 
 `` you are not worthy . '' 
 i summoned my magic , despite the pain . 
 a gale force wind blasted into him , making him stagger back . 
 so . 
 he was n't totally impervious to physical force . 
 calling the magic was difficult , but when dorian had first trained me , we 'd practiced casting spells in a number of uncomfortable positions . 
 i increased the force of the wind , pushing the lich back a couple more steps . 
 the iron crown did n't budge , but the wind had pinned kiyo up against the wall , almost making him go flat . 
 i nearly hesitated , fearing i 'd hurt him . 
 he was still alive from the last hit . 
 surely he could handle this . 
 and that added force was a good call . 
 it distracted the lich so that when i mentally pushed back against his spell , he could n't hold it . 
 the invisible pins vanished , and i slid to the floor , landing shakily but upright . 
 i still hurt and already felt worn out but held strong to my magic . 
 it kept the lich away , but it also did n't knock him into the walls the way he could us . 
 his skull-face wore a perpetual grin , making this all that much more annoying . 
 `` you do n't have the power , '' he said , seeing i could n't do much more with the wind . 
 `` you are not worthy of the crown . '' 
 white light began glowing between his hands . 
 no fireballs this time . 
 it was lightning . 
 it flew from his hands with incredible speed - say , like , the speed of light - but i evaded it , with almost no thought . 
 lightning was in my skill set . 
 my body was attuned to it , able to anticipate and avoid it even with its speed . 
 nonetheless , the lightning blasted away half of the cave wall and the thunder that accompanied the bolt nearly left me deaf . 
 rocks and debris from the shattered stone were swept up in my windstorm , flying around the room like shrapnel . 
 a few of them hit me . 
 one cut my arm . 
 in spite of it all , i laughed , sounding slightly crazy even to myself . 
 `` you 're going to fight me with lightning ? '' 
 i yelled above the raging wind , which i had managed to kick up a notch after all . 
 `` do you know who i am ? '' 
 `` i know you will never have the crown , '' the lich replied , summoning more lightning . 
 his words dug into me , and not just because my life was on the line here . 
 it was the meaning behind them . 
 you are not worthy . 
 a dismissal of me . 
 of my power . 
 he really did n't know who he was dealing with , though . 
 he had no idea of the power i could wield , even in this iron dungeon . 
 no one would say it directly , but i was beginning to suspect i was the most powerful magic user since my father . 
 this bastard lich was about to find that out . 
 he 'd see my power . 
 i 'd destroy him and take his fucking crown . 
 `` you call that lightning ? '' 
 i yelled , after dodging the next bolt . 
 my magical senses touched the molecules in the room , the positive and negative charges . 
 the scent of ozone was everywhere . 
 `` this is lightning . '' 
 i did n't need my hands . 
 i could create lightning from the air . 
 it blasted into the lich and should have disintegrated him . 
 he stayed intact , unfortunately , but the way he wobbled and did n't instantly go for another bolt told me i 'd made progress . 
 the magic burned within me , filling every ounce of my being as i held onto the surrounding air . 
 the wind still blew , the ions stayed readied . 
 in the center of it all was the crown , the crown i was going to walk out of here with . 
 i would stop this war and show katrice and everyone else not to screw with me . 
 but first , i needed to finish this . 
 i considered continually blasting the lich with bolts , but another idea came to mind . 
 it would bring all of this to an end quickly . 
 scientists have long debated the existence of ball lightning , but i knew it was real . 
 i 'd never really used it in a serious way but had experimented . 
 some of the principles of its formation were like those of `` regular '' lightning , but a few quirks were what made it unique - and so hard to study . 
 i knew how to summon it . 
 i knew what it could do in here . 
 whereas the magically created bolts the lich and i had wielded had been shaped and controlled , ball lightning was huge and radiating . 
 it would fill this cave , incinerating the lich . 
 i would n't be surprised if it melted the walls . 
 and the crown ? 
 the crown would survive - as would i , being the magic 's mistress . 
 the power blasted out of me , lightning forming an orb in the cave that exploded outward , blinding even my eyes . 
 the walls shook , heat washed over me , and a roaring filled my ears . 
 i heard the lich scream , a horrible , raspy sound . 
 i did n't let go of the spell until his cry faded to silence . 
 the ball lightning disappeared instantly , almost startlingly so . 
 my own control of such power surprised me a little . 
 my ears rang in the silence . 
 the crown stood unharmed , as expected . 
 the pile of bones i 'd expected was not there , however . 
 instead , a small , wizened man stood before me , dressed in the same purple robes . 
 i reached out and readied my magic for this new threat . 
 he did n't move , though . 
 to my astonishment , he smiled and gave me a small bow . 
 `` congratulations , '' he said . 
 he gestured to the crown . 
 `` you are worthy - if you can wear it , of course . 
 and something tells me you can , if you 've survived this much iron . '' 
 i glanced back and forth between him and the crown , unbelieving . 
 `` i did it ... i won through . 
 won the crown . 
 i defeated the lich ... er , you ... or whatever . '' 
 `` certainly the lich was part of the test . 
 it takes great magic to defeat one . 
 but the test was about more than your power , '' said the old man slyly . 
 `` it was about your determination . 
 your will . 
 your ruthlessness to get to the crown , no matter the cost . '' 
 he stepped aside , waving his hand over at the cave 's side . 
 i gasped . 
 kiyo - in human form - lay against the wall . 
 his dark eyes were open , and i saw no obvious injuries . 
 he was simply watching the interaction . 
 i flew to his side , kneeling down . 
 `` oh my god . 
 are you okay ? '' 
 i asked , helping him sit up . 
 his breathing was even , though he looked a little addled . 
 `` please ... talk to me . 
 kiyo . 
 are you okay ? '' 
 `` yeah , yeah ... '' he lightly touched his forehead and winced . 
 `` hell of a headache . '' 
 i could scarcely breathe . 
 i felt numb all over . 
 `` you should n't be alive , '' i whispered . 
 `` you should have died . '' 
 that ball lightning had eradiated the room . 
 that had been my plan , after all . 
 destroy everything except me and the crown - and everything would have included kiyo . 
 in the moment , i had forgotten . 
 i had forgotten all about him . 
 i 'd been too fixated on the crown , on proving to the lich who the real badass around here was . 
 kiyo had n't mattered in that moment , and it had nothing to do with our rocky relationship . 
 i had the horrible , terrifying feeling that it would n't have mattered who was in the room . 
 `` oh , god , '' i said again , pulling his head against my chest . 
 tears stung my eyes . 
 `` oh god oh god . 
 i 'm so sorry . 
 i 'm so , so sorry . 
 i do n't know what ... i do n't know what i was thinking ... '' a nasty voice spoke inside my head . 
 did n't you ? 
 `` hey , eug , calm down , '' said kiyo , patting the back of my head . 
 `` i 'm okay , do n't worry . 
 you did it . 
 you defeated it . '' 
 he did n't get it . 
 he did n't get what i 'd done - or nearly done . 
 clearly , whatever crazy , powerful magic was involved here had protected him for the sake of the test . 
 but if it had n't ... `` seriously , '' said kiyo , still not understanding my distress . 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 just got tossed around too much . 
 now go get the crown . 
 he said it 's yours . '' 
 i pulled away and looked into kiyo 's eyes , eyes full of fondness and pride . 
 i did n't deserve that look , but we needed the crown , and we needed to get out of here . 
 i rose unsteadily and walked over to the pedestal . 
 the crown sat there ominously , and i glanced at the old man . 
 he nodded encouragingly . 
 if you can wear it . 
 i supposed there was one more test , one i might fail . 
 when my fingers touched the crown , i felt nothing , only cold metal . 
 i lifted it gingerly , almost afraid of what i did . 
 it was heavy - far heavier than my crown of state or fashionable ones . 
 yet , it fit my head perfectly , which was weird . 
 when i 'd first seen it , i 'd been overwhelmed by its size . 
 i 'd been certain it would fall right off . 
 the old man beamed and bowed again . 
 `` and now it is yours . 
 its powers are yours . 
 you can make armies tremble . 
 you can rip away lands and subdue them . 
 the world can be yours . '' 
 hoping i 'd proven myself , i removed the crown . 
 `` i just hope i can end a war . '' 
 kiyo rose shakily to his feet . 
 he no longer smiled . 
 `` what do you mean she can rip away lands ? '' 
 the old man spread his hands out wide . 
 `` that is the crown 's power . '' 
 `` the crown has no power , '' i said , frowning . 
 `` it 's a prize , a status symbol for enduring all this . '' 
 `` a prize ? '' 
 the old man 's eyebrows rose , and he gave a great belly laugh . 
 `` do you believe all of that was just for a prize ? 
 for some bauble ? '' 
 kiyo and i exchanged uneasy looks . 
 `` then what does it do ? '' 
 i asked . 
 there was a moment of stunned silence . 
 `` that 's impossible , '' said kiyo at last . 
 `` unless you 're saying she should kill all those monarchs ? '' 
 `` no need , '' the old man replied . 
 `` even i know how it works , '' i argued . 
 `` the only way to claim a land is if its previous monarch dies or grows too weak to hold it . 
 otherwise , they 're bound together . 
 the monarch and the land are one . '' 
 `` are n't you listening ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` the crown changes that . 
 the crown breaks that bond . 
 does n't matter how strong they are . 
 no killing - unless you want to . 
 the land is freed up , allowing you to seize it if you 're strong and ambitious enough , which , of course , you have to be even to possess the crown . '' 
 ambitious enough . 
 his words reminded me of our fight , when i 'd nearly killed kiyo in my rage . 
 i stared down at the crown in disgust . 
 `` i do n't want it . 
 i do n't want that kind of power . 
 that was never my intention . '' 
 the crown 's keeper now looked as baffled as kiyo and i had been moments ago . 
 `` then why did you come for it ? '' 
 `` eugenie , '' said kiyo uneasily . 
 `` i do n't think you should leave it . 
 regardless of what it truly does ... well , the original plan still holds . 
 you do n't actually have to use it . 
 just having it may still be enough to scare katrice into peace - especially if she knows its true power . '' 
 i lifted my eyes from the crown , staring off absentmindedly at the cave 's scorched walls . 
 `` of course she knows . 
 and so does dorian . 
 he 's known all along . '' 
 it was a sign of kiyo 's tact and self-control that he made no scathing remarks about dorian . 
 `` you have to take it , '' exclaimed the old man , glancing back and forth between our faces . 
 he seemed shocked and even offended that i was seriously considering leaving it . 
 `` you passed the test . 
 no one who has done that has ever refused the crown . '' 
 the sick feeling in my stomach grew . 
 he knew . 
 dorian knew . 
 `` you do n't have to use it , '' reiterated kiyo . 
 `` but katrice wo n't know that . '' 
 `` i was an idiot , '' i murmured . 
 `` an idiot to think it was just a war prize . 
 if i accept it ... what happens if someone else takes it ? 
 if it 's stolen ? '' 
 after experiencing so many attempts at rape , i was well aware of the extent of otherworldly ambition . 
 `` the crown will only work for its current owner , '' said the caretaker . 
 `` it will only stay with the worthy . 
 if it 's taken - or if you die - it will return here , and we will wait for the next challenger . '' 
 `` hold on , '' said kiyo . 
 `` you just wait here all the time ? 
 how old are you ? '' 
 i did n't wait for a response . 
 i felt dizzy on my feet and so , so tired , both mentally and physically . 
 i wanted to get out of this place . 
 `` let 's go , '' i said . 
 `` we 'll take the crown . '' 
 the old man beamed . 
 `` excellent . 
 i look forward to hearing of your victories . '' 
 i scowled and moved for the exit . 
 this was hardly the situation for warm and fuzzy good-byes , so kiyo and i simply left without any more conversation , though i could feel the caretaker 's gaze burning into my back . 
 the trek out of the mountain was quiet as well and seemed to go much more quickly . 
 the fire barriers were gone . 
 when we finally emerged , the light and air of that barren landscape seemed like the sweetest , most refreshing thing ever . 
 volusian and deanna were exactly where we left them . 
 deanna 's expression lit up . 
 volusian 's did n't ostensibly change , but i sensed definite dismay . 
 `` you did it ! '' 
 exclaimed deanna . 
 `` now you can help me and find out - '' `` no , '' i interrupted , heading straight to my horse . 
 `` not now . 
 we 're not dealing with that yet . '' 
 her pale eyes widened . 
 `` but you promised to - '' `` not yet , '' i growled . 
 something about my tone and look must have been pretty intimidating because she vanished without comment . 
 i knew she 'd be back , though . 
 i glanced at kiyo , who was already on his horse , face troubled . 
 `` think those snakes are regular residents or just part of the test ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he glanced around , taking in the scattered holes in the ground . 
 `` i do n't think we can assume they 're gone . '' 
 i made sure my pack was secure , the crown inside it . 
 `` then let 's get out of here . 
 we 're not stopping until we 're out of the unclaimed lands . '' 
 kiyo 's face was lined with worry . 
 `` eugenie - '' but i was already urging my horse down the road , back in the direction we 'd come . 
 our initial ride had been brisk but still energy-conserving . 
 now , i held nothing back . 
 i let the horse run as fast as she could , half-suspecting she wanted out of this cursed place as much as i did . 
 the speed and rush of air was almost enough to distract me from what had just happened and what was to come . 
 almost . 
 kiyo easily kept up with my hard pace , and the speed made any conversation difficult . 
 i lost track of time but had the sense of riding for hours as the sun moved across the sky . 
 i fell into such a lull surrounded by the dreary landscape that crossing back into the otherworld 's claimed regions was like a splash of water in the face . 
 we 'd emerged into the honeysuckle land and were suddenly surrounded by heat and color . 
 kiyo slowed his horse down . 
 `` eugenie , we have to stop . '' 
 when i did n't react , he yelled more harshly , `` eugenie ! '' 
 it snapped me from my haze , and i slowed too , eventually bringing my horse to a halt . 
 his trotted up to us . 
 `` eugenie , it 's almost night . 
 we have to make camp here . 
 we 'll be safe now that we 're out of that place . '' 
 `` safe ? 
 i 'm a war leader . 
 this place is n't on our side yet . 
 they could have a lot of leverage if they found and captured me . '' 
 `` that 's just an excuse , '' he said . 
 `` it wo n't happen , and you ca n't keep up this pace without rest . 
 the horses certainly ca n't either . '' 
 i did n't know much about animals , but kiyo did . 
 these two did n't seem ostensibly exhausted , but they were breathing a bit more heavily than when we 'd left . 
 i petted the head of mine in apology . 
 i did n't want to stop , but kiyo was right . 
 the lush and beautiful land provided any number of camping spots . 
 the trick was finding a concealed one that kept us near the road . 
 if we strayed too far , the otherworld 's nature could very well shift us away to another location . 
 and , despite his confident words , i think kiyo did worry a little bit about the thorn queen being discovered in this kingdom . 
 at least we had volusian to keep watch . 
 we finally settled for a small glade that was almost impossible to see through the trees until you were right inside it . 
 not far away was a small lagoon edged in stones . 
 i was filthy from the fight but did n't have the energy to bathe fully and settled for washing my hands and face . 
 nonetheless , back in our camp - which really was just a place to sleep since we needed no fire here - kiyo insisted on changing my bandages again . 
 `` you tore more stitches in the lich fight , '' he said with dismay . 
 `` we can keep the blood loss down , but you have to get this treated soon . '' 
 i nodded without hearing him , my mind still wrapped around what i 'd learned . 
 once he 'd pulled my shirt back down , i turned and faced him . 
 `` dorian knew , kiyo . 
 dorian knew what this crown could do . 
 that 's why he wanted it . 
 i would n't be surprised ... '' it killed me to say the next words . 
 `` i would n't be surprised if he set it up from the beginning with masthera . '' 
 i again expected mockery from kiyo , but his dark eyes were serious and full of sympathy . 
 `` i would n't be surprised either . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 it was true what i 'd said in the cave : i was such an idiot . 
 i should have listened to my initial instincts , the ones that said a battle prize was n't enough to end a war . 
 a prize that could strip katrice 's kingdom from her ? 
 yeah . 
 that would end a war , true , but dorian should have told me . 
 he should have told me what the crown 's real threat was . 
 and then you would n't have done it , a voice in my head pointed out . 
 i knew it was the truth . 
 i would n't have risked my life - or kiyo 's - to come after some artifact that put me one step closer to being the conqueror everyone expected me to be . 
 `` dorian knew , '' i repeated . 
 `` dorian let me risk my life for this . '' 
 kiyo stayed silent for a few moments , staring off into the rapidly darkening trees around us . 
 `` you said he resisted at first , though . 
 until he realized i could go . '' 
 `` was that an act , though ? '' 
 i rested my forehead in my hands , doubting everything i 'd come to believe about dorian . 
 i 'd so , so wanted to trust him . 
 `` did he pretend to be hesitant , knowing i 'd be suspicious if he was aggressive ? '' 
 `` for all his faults ... i do n't know . 
 he does care about you , eugenie . 
 i do n't think he 'd carelessly throw you into danger . 
 he might have seriously waited until he knew you could go in with backup . '' 
 i sighed and lifted my head back up . 
 `` you 're giving an awful lot of credit to someone you hate . '' 
 a small smile crossed kiyo 's lips . 
 `` i do n't hate him , not exactly . 
 i do n't trust him . 
 i do n't like him . 
 and ... well , i certainly carry a grudge for his taking you from me . '' 
 i narrowed my eyes , a spark of anger flaring up in me . 
 `` no one ` took ' me . 
 i 'm not something you guys can just pass around ! '' 
 `` sorry , sorry , '' he said hastily . 
 `` i did n't mean it like that . 
 i just mean that after we split up , it 's been hard seeing you with him . 
 that 's petty jealousy , i admit it . 
 but i also hate that his grand , brash action won you over and drove the final stake in our relationship . '' 
 `` his ` grand , brash action ? ' 
 do you mean killing leith ? 
 i 'll never regret him doing that , '' i said fiercely . 
 despite how dark it was growing out here , i could see kiyo 's eyes boring into me . 
 `` do you mean that , eugenie ? 
 was your personal vengeance worth all the people who 've died since then ? '' 
 i looked away . 
 `` he deserved it . 
 you do n't understand . '' 
 `` i understand perfectly well what he did . 
 and if i could have ? 
 i would have done a lot more than run a sword through him . 
 really , that was almost merciful compared to what he deserved . 
 but the fallout ... '' `` i know . '' 
 i sighed again . 
 `` i know what i 've caused , all the upheaval in this world . '' 
 a sudden odd thought occurred to me . 
 `` maiwenn ... '' kiyo tensed , not following my jump in thoughts . 
 `` what about her ? '' 
 `` dorian knew that too ! 
 she knows what the crown does ; i 'm certain of it . 
 that 's why he kept telling me not to let you talk to her ! '' 
 i shot up , full of fury now . 
 `` goddamnit ! 
 he played me . 
 he 's always played me ! 
 it does n't matter if he loves me . 
 it 's his nature . 
 he ca n't love without using it to his advantage . 
 goddamnit ! '' 
 my cry rang out into the empty night as i paced irritably . 
 in seconds , kiyo was up too , gripping me by my arms . 
 `` hey , hey . 
 calm down . 
 he may have tricked you , but he ca n't make you do anything you do n't want to with the crown . 
 you 're in control . 
 no harm 's done . '' 
 `` no harm ? '' 
 i exclaimed . 
 `` kiyo , i almost killed you ! 
 do you understand ? 
 do you understand what i almost did ? 
 i lost control ! 
 how am i supposed to forgive myself for that ? '' 
 he drew me into his arms . 
 `` i forgive you for that , and that 's all you need to worry about . 
 do n't beat yourself up with the guilt . '' 
 i clenched my fists . 
 `` the craziest part is that the fake-lich whatever guy thought what i did was a good thing . 
 me shoving my friends aside for power . 
 that 's what the crown represents . 
 that 's what i 'll become . '' 
 `` i wo n't let you , '' said kiyo fiercely . 
 `` it 's in my blood , '' i said weakly . 
 `` i realize that now . '' 
 `` maybe . 
 i do n't know . 
 i used to think ... well , i used to think it was all just some easy decision you could make . 
 ` do this , do n't do this . ' 
 that was stupid of me . 
 it 's more than that , this conflict in you . 
 and i did n't help - not in the way you needed . 
 i will now - if you 'll let me . '' 
 i peered up at him in confusion . 
 `` why ? 
 after everything i 've done ? '' 
 `` because i - '' kiyo cut himself off . 
 i could hardly see him now , but the feel of his hands was warm on my skin . 
 `` because it does n't matter . 
 because i screwed up . 
 because we never should have split up . 
 i 've been wanting to tell you something for a while . 
 we should have - '' i broke away and stalked off across the glade . 
 i could n't hear this . 
 i could n't hear some proclamation of love , not when my heart was still broken over dorian 's betrayal . 
 i 'd trusted him . 
 i 'd trusted him , despite all the evidence that he would go to great extremes for power . 
 i 'd thought love for me would be stronger than that ambition . 
 i 'd been wrong . 
 even if he loved me , his heart would always be split between me and his craving for power . 
 it was his nature , just as my own nature was divided between human and gentry ways . 
 `` i need to sleep , kiyo , '' i said roughly . 
 `` i ca n't hear this right now . '' 
 `` but eugenie - '' `` good night . '' 
 i turned my back to him - i knew he could see in the darkness - and curled up on the grass . 
 it was hardly a comfortable bed , but compared to last night 's discomfort , this felt like heaven . 
 kiyo said no more , and i eventually heard him settle down . 
 volusian had been put on watch , meaning neither kiyo nor i had to stay awake . 
 in my case , it did n't matter . 
 sleep would n't come no matter how much i willed it to . 
 i stayed up most of the night , staring up at the clear sky and its glitter of stars . 
 the otherworld had the same constellations as the human world , which surely presented some sort of physics quandary , one i did n't have time to think much about right now . 
 dorian knew . 
 that crown . 
 that fucking crown . 
 part of me wanted to go over to my bag , grab the crown , and throw it off into night , never to be seen again . 
 what had the old man said ? 
 it 'd return to its home ? 
 no harm done . 
 no harm except the loss of my potential to steal katrice 's land from her - hers and anyone else 's who opposed me . 
 was that what dorian had wanted ? 
 would he have tried to convince me that it was the only way to win the war ? 
 and would i have believed it ? 
 maybe . 
 i 'd been willing to risk a lot for peace by coming after the crown at all . 
 maybe that had just been the `` gateway drug '' in dorian 's eventual plan for conquest . 
 in the end , it did n't matter what his plan was . 
 what mattered was that he 'd betrayed me . 
 i 'd opened myself to him , loved him . 
 that was over now . 
 it was that thought , that thought and the anger burning within me , that got me up and around early when dawn broke . 
 kiyo - who apparently had slept - instantly woke when he heard me stirring . 
 `` let me guess , '' he said . 
 `` you did n't sleep . '' 
 `` nope . '' 
 i took out some of the travel food from my bag , cringing when my fingers brushed against the crown . 
 kiyo stood up and stretched , then wandered off into the foliage . 
 he returned several minutes later with some mangos in his arms . 
 `` supplement your breakfast , '' he said , tossing me one . 
 he leaned against a tree and bit into one of his own . 
 i nodded my thanks , but the fruit 's sweetness was lost on me . 
 nothing had any taste . 
 i was distantly aware of kiyo 's eyes on me but ignored them . 
 `` what are you thinking ? '' 
 he asked at last . 
 `` how much i hate dorian . '' 
 `` what are you going to do ? '' 
 this was something i 'd thought about for a while , so i had a solid answer . 
 `` go to him . 
 call him out . 
 pass him a note in class . 
 tell him it 's over - everything . 
 us . 
 our alliance . '' 
 kiyo 's eyebrows rose . 
 `` you might not want to be so hasty on that last one . '' 
 `` how can i be in a partnership with someone like that ? '' 
 i exclaimed . 
 `` you can be in business with people you do n't like . 
 i would n't throw away his military support in the middle of this mess . '' 
 `` i do n't need his help , '' i said obstinately . 
 `` especially if katrice does call a truce over the crown . '' 
 `` and if she does n't ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 i stood up and rubbed my sticky hands on my jeans . 
 kiyo was the last person i expected to be having this discussion with . 
 `` what are you getting at ? 
 should i forgive him ? 
 let it all go and jump back into bed ? '' 
 `` no . 
 absolutely not . '' 
 kiyo walked over to me , almost mirroring our positions from last night when he 'd been on the verge of telling me something romantic . 
 only , i 'd since had more time to come to terms with my anger and could actually focus now on kiyo , the concern in his eyes and the way his body always made mine feel . 
 `` but i do n't think dorian will leave the war , no matter what else happens between you . 
 and you should take that help . '' 
 `` i 'm afraid ... '' until those words came out of my mouth , i did n't realize i meant them . 
 `` i 'm afraid when i see him , when i talk to him ... he 'll do it again . 
 he 'll convince me of , i do n't know . 
 whatever his plan is . 
 he 'll justify it and lure me back in . '' 
 kiyo cupped my face between his hands . 
 `` you do n't have to do anything you do n't want to . 
 you 're strong . 
 and i 'll go with you , if you want . '' 
 i looked up into kiyo 's eyes , feeling lost in their depths and confused by what i saw in them . 
 `` i do want you to . '' 
 leaning down , he pulled me close and kissed me almost before i realized what had happened . 
 there was heat in his lips , heat and hunger and that raw , animal passion that so defined him . 
 my body pressed against his , and i was startled at the arousal that kiss ignited within me , me who twenty-four hours ago had been sworn and sealed to dorian . 
 now , the desire within me was all for kiyo , a desire that was probably equal parts revenge against dorian , a resurgence of my feelings for kiyo , and the simple lust triggered by being with anyone i found so attractive . 
 i pulled away from him , and it was n't easy . 
 that kiss had consumed me , taken over my reasoning . 
 i had a feeling i was seconds away from ripping his clothes off and throwing myself at him . 
 some annoyingly rational part of me kept saying i should n't do that until i knew for sure if it 'd be because i still cared about kiyo or because i wanted to get back at dorian . 
 `` no , do n't . 
 i ca n't , '' i said , taking a few steps away . 
 `` i 'm not ... i 'm not ready ... '' i knew he could tell that was n't exactly true . 
 he 'd be able to smell the desire on me , the pheromones and other physical signs that said i wanted him . 
 but my head and heart ? 
 no , i was n't sure about that . 
 `` eugenie ... '' his voice was husky , every ounce of him radiating that dark , primal sexuality that had always drawn me in . 
 `` i ca n't , '' i repeated . 
 `` please ... do n't do that again ... '' i hurried off blindly , into the forest , ignoring the branches and leaves whipping against me . 
 i did n't have to go very far because something told me kiyo would n't follow . 
 he 'd leave me alone for now . 
 i sank to the ground , leaning my head back against the smooth bark of a tree i did n't recognize . 
 my heart pounded in my chest , in turmoil from kiyo 's advances . 
 i 'd suspected he still cared , especially seeing as the breakup had been more my idea than his . 
 he 'd conceded its wisdom , true , but i 'd always known he 'd wished things could have been different . 
 hell , that made two of us . 
 i exhaled and closed my eyes . 
 what did i do with this ? 
 what did i do with kiyo 's feelings ? 
 what did i do with my own feelings ? 
 because at the core of it all , my heart was still raging over dorian . 
 i 'd meant what i said to kiyo : i was indeed going to go back and tell dorian we were over . 
 i 'd been disappointed in kiyo - still was , a little - over his not taking direct action against leith . 
 yet , as much as that had hurt me , kiyo had been blunt and open about his reasons for it . 
 that was better than someone telling you pretty lies . 
 pretty lies . 
 dorian was full of them - and not just about the crown . 
 suddenly , i found myself questioning why he 'd even suggested kiyo come along on this quest , rather than jasmine . 
 maybe dorian had thought this would be a convenient way to get rid of someone he 'd always seen as a potential rival . 
 i did n't know . 
 the only thing i was certain of was that i was getting more and more worked up as i sat there . 
 a faint splash startled me out of my emotional maelstrom , and i opened my eyes . 
 no cry of alarm had come from volusian back at camp , and a moment later , i realized what was going on . 
 rising , i headed over toward the pool in the glade 's heart . 
 sure enough , i found kiyo swimming laps back and forth . 
 the lagoon was crystal clear , sparkling in the morning sunlight , and it sang to my magical senses . 
 i wondered if he was there to clean off yesterday 's battle or to work out his frustration over me . 
 judging from the lines on his face - maybe both . 
 i watched him for a minute , knowing opportunities to catch him unaware were rare . 
 the water and his mood had distracted him ; he normally would have smelled and heard an observer . 
 after a little while longer , i made my decision . 
 i began taking off my clothes . 
 kiyo turned and noticed me just as i slipped into the water , easing myself down the stone edge . 
 `` eugenie ... what are you doing ? 
 you 're soaking your bandages . '' 
 i swam over to him , on the pool 's far side . 
 `` i 'm here naked with you , and that 's your biggest concern ? '' 
 he eyed me carefully . 
 `` well , that was our last batch of them . '' 
 i put my hands on his chest . 
 `` we 'll be home soon . '' 
 when i brought my lips to his , joining us in a deep kiss , i felt the same response as earlier . 
 he answered me hungrily , arms wrapping around my waist as we pressed together . 
 now , however , it was kiyo who broke us apart - despite the arousal in his eyes . 
 i had a feeling there was a human versus animal war going on within him . 
 `` wait , '' he said . 
 `` earlier ... you told me you could n't ... '' `` i changed my mind . 
 i can do this , '' i said . 
 `` does it need to be more than that right now ? '' 
 i was still going to tell dorian i was done with him , but i did n't need to for this . 
 i had mentally broken up with him . 
 i was free to do whatever i wanted . 
 i moved toward kiyo again , slowly walking us toward the water 's edge . 
 our top halves emerged , the morning air slightly chill against my wet skin . 
 `` i do n't trust why you 're doing this , '' said kiyo . 
 but when i drew him closer , he did n't pull back . 
 `` i think you 're getting back at dorian . '' 
 i kissed him hard , cutting off whatever logical arguments he might attempt . 
 `` maybe i am , '' i said at last . 
 he was gasping , a little surprised at the intensity . 
 i felt empowered , filled with lust for kiyo and - yes - anger at dorian . 
 `` but you 're the one i 'm doing it with . 
 does n't that mean something ? '' 
 there was a pause as kiyo 's dark , smoky eyes studied me intensely . 
 `` yes . '' 
 with one swift motion , he turned me around , pushing his body against mine . 
 `` it does . 
 this is how it should have been anyway . '' 
 i caught my breath as he kissed my neck , teeth grazing my skin . 
 `` and i 'll take back what 's mine . '' 
 my body burned , both at his touch and the dangerous tone in his voice . 
 then , the full meaning of his words hit me . 
 i started to turn around but his hands were on me , pinning me against the ledge surrounding the water . 
 `` hey , i 'm not yours , '' i growled . 
 `` i thought i made that clear . '' 
 `` you 're right , '' he said . 
 `` but you 're not his either . 
 not anymore . 
 you never should have been . 
 we never should have been apart . 
 and if you want this - if you want to do this - you have to tell me you feel something for me . 
 i ca n't believe this is just simple revenge sex . '' 
 `` kiyo - '' the hands that held me slid forward to my breasts , the roughness of his touch sending shockwaves through my body . 
 `` tell me , '' he breathed against my ear , his hands sliding along my stomach and down between my thighs . 
 `` tell me you still feel something for me . '' 
 his body closed the miniscule space left between us , pushing me right to stone . 
 i felt him hard and ready . 
 `` i ... '' i closed my eyes , lost in the way his hands touched me and stoked the sexual tension that had been building between us for days . 
 what did i feel ? 
 for a moment , i was conflicted . 
 maybe this was n't right . 
 maybe i did need to end things formally with dorian before letting my emotions run away with me . 
 `` i ... '' `` yes ? '' 
 he bent me over , hands gripping my waist , and suddenly , he was sliding into me , a low groan escaping his lips as he filled me up . 
 i gave a small cry at the unexpected act , one that turned into a moan of pleasure as he began to move in and out of me . 
 `` tell me there 's still something , anything ... '' he grunted . 
 `` if not , i 'll stop and let this go . 
 just say it . '' 
 `` i ... '' again , i could n't summon the words . 
 this time , it was simply because i was too lost in how he felt . 
 i 'd forgotten what it was like with him , the way he 'd always loved to take me from behind , driven by the animal instinct within him . 
 there was more than that to him , though . 
 images flashed through me , the way he 'd fought by my side , the compassion when he 'd seen how hurt i was over dorian 's deception . 
 `` tell me , '' he said again , a savage and hungry note in his voice . 
 `` tell me you want me ; tell me there 's still something between us . 
 that you do n't want me to stop . '' 
 he felt so good , so strong and hard . 
 `` no ... '' `` no what ? '' 
 `` no ... do n't stop ... there is ... of course there 's still something ... '' i meant it . 
 and with that , the animal within him was unleashed . 
 i screamed as he gave me the full force of his body , my arms pushing hard to keep me from being shoved against the ledge . 
 the sound of our bodies slapping together echoed around us as he thrust tirelessly , taking me over and over as he reclaimed my body . 
 `` i 've missed you , eug , '' he managed to say . 
 `` missed having sex with you . 
 missed making love to you . 
 but especially ... especially missed fucking you . '' 
 his words were punctuated with a particularly sharp thrust , one that took me hard and deep as he bent me over more . 
 i screamed again , but it was out of ecstasy , not pain . 
 kiyo had always been able to make me come this way , and now was no exception . 
 i felt the nerves of my body explode , every part of me shaking . 
 still he kept moving in me with that primal need , pushing me into sensory overload . 
 he 'd given up on words , simply making small grunts as our bodies connected . 
 at last his body reached its breaking point , giving me the hardest thrusts he was capable of as his climax hit . 
 he held me tight , my body there to fulfill his need as he came in me , groaning and spasming until he 'd finally given me all he had . 
 he pulled out , and i turned around , my own breath shallow and rapid . 
 `` that ... maybe we should n't have done that ... '' kiyo put an arm around my waist and pulled me to him . 
 his lips grazed mine . 
 `` you sound like a guy the morning after . 
 you 're the one who attacked me , remember ? '' 
 `` true , '' i admitted . 
 with my lust sated , i was feeling slightly more coherent . 
 but only barely . 
 his naked body was still right against mine , and that was distracting . 
 `` give me a few more minutes , '' he murmured . 
 `` a few more minutes and we can do it again ... '' `` we 're probably just creating more problems . '' 
 he kissed my neck . 
 `` what 's one more problem among all the others we have ? 
 one more time , eugenie . 
 i 've missed you so much . 
 let 's do this just one more time . '' 
 i could feel that he was indeed almost ready again . 
 i lifted one of my legs up , half-wrapping it around him as my body decided it was ready again too . 
 `` and then what ? '' 
 the journey back was uneventful , the most notable thing being the afterglow that now burned between kiyo and me - something i now questioned the wisdom of . 
 my words had been true : i 'd never stopped caring about him . 
 but he 'd been right too : what had happened between us back in the glade had come from my own outrage and need to get back at dorian . 
 that was n't really a good reason to start a relationship . 
 it was n't even a really good reason for casual sex , and honestly , i was n't sure what my status was with kiyo at the moment . 
 deanna reappeared and followed along so quietly and obediently that i finally broke the silence to reassure her i 'd keep my part of the bargain . 
 her drab face lit up , and i had to give her credit for not pushing the matter until i settled my other business . 
 kiyo and i went straight to dorian 's , once we 'd crossed back into more familiar territory . 
 my plan was to deal with him first and then jump to the human world . 
 i thought it would be safer to have the crown there . 
 dorian 's guards met me with pleased grins , and while they were surprised to see kiyo , most seemed to know i 'd been off on some secret mission . 
 coming back alive was a good sign . 
 as soon as we entered the castle , i ordered a messenger to go to katrice and inform her that i now possessed the iron crown and that if she wanted to talk surrender , i was all ears . 
 as dorian 's consort , i had the power to order around his staff - but i had a feeling that would end soon . 
 kiyo and i were admitted into dorian 's exalted presence out in a courtyard , where he was making a long-tormented courtier named muran play the harp . 
 i knew for a fact that muran had had exactly one lesson , and dorian seemed quite amused watching the guy struggle through . 
 this kind of thing was one of dorian 's greatest pastimes , and usually , even though i felt bad for muran , it provided me with a little amusement . 
 today i felt none . 
 when we entered the courtyard , dorian took one look at our faces and promptly ordered everyone away - even his guards . 
 he still wore that small , carefree smile , but i 'd seen a subtle shift in the lines of his face . 
 he knew something was up . 
 his astuteness was what made him such a good ruler . 
 `` well , here you are , '' he said , sitting back in the gentry equivalent of a lawn chair . 
 except , of course , i 'd never seen home depot sell anything so ornate and gilded . 
 normally when i arrived , dorian kissed me , but his wariness must have held him back . 
 `` as beautiful as ever , my dear , if a little beat up around the edges . 
 i suppose this means you either succeeded or just barely escaped with your life ? '' 
 `` we succeeded , '' i said . 
 `` i 've got the crown . '' 
 again - that smile did n't change , but an eager light flickered in dorian 's eyes . 
 he leaned forward . 
 `` i knew it . 
 i knew you could do it . '' 
 he studied me up and down , his gaze finally resting on the bag over my shoulder . 
 `` may i see it ? '' 
 `` no , '' i said bluntly . 
 `` no one 's going to see it . 
 it 's going to be hidden away where it ca n't be used to start eating up people 's lands . '' 
 dorian 's eyebrows rose , and he began to speak . 
 i could already imagine a hundred variations of what was going to come out of his mouth , something along the lines of , `` whatever are you talking about , my dear ? '' 
 i stepped forward , my control snapping as i cut him off . 
 `` do n't start ! 
 do n't even start with some sugar-coated denial . 
 you 've known all along what the crown could do ! 
 you knew it 'd scare katrice because it meant i - and by default you - could take over her kingdom ! '' 
 dorian hesitated , and again , i could guess at the thoughts spinning in his head . 
 denial or backpedaling ? 
 he finally went with the latter . 
 `` and what better way to push her into peace ? '' 
 he said at last . 
 `` the point of a war like this is to eventually march over and subdue someone anyway . 
 is n't it much simpler and faster to achieve that same end through another way ? '' 
 `` a way that rips her land from her ! '' 
 i exclaimed . 
 `` and sticks me with another fucking kingdom ! '' 
 i stepped forward and had to forcibly keep myself from getting closer . 
 i was so , so angry . 
 so angry that this man i cared about could do this to me . 
 i was almost angrier at him than katrice at the moment . 
 from her , at least , i expected betrayal . 
 `` and that 's what you would have wanted to do - not just scare her . 
 you would have found some way , some justification for taking that drastic step , just like you got me to go after this in the first place . '' 
 much of the humor had faded from dorian 's face now . 
 `` and would you have gone after it if you 'd known ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` well , there you have it . '' 
 i was aghast . 
 `` that 's it ? 
 how the hell can you be so lax about this ? 
 how can you act like it 's okay to have tricked me from the beginning - you and that hag ? 
 how can you claim to love me and lie to me ? '' 
 `` i do love you , '' he said . 
 `` more than you know . 
 i did this for your own good . '' 
 `` you did it for your own good , '' i snapped . 
 `` i ca n't believe i fell for it again . 
 you 've done this before , and now i 'm done . 
 done with you . 
 done with all of this . 
 i do n't need your help anymore . 
 i 'll finish this fucking war on my own . '' 
 `` eugenie , '' warned kiyo softly . 
 he did n't contradict me , not in front of dorian , but i understood the subtext . 
 it was the point he 'd made before : not to spurn dorian 's military help . 
 dorian scoffed , sharing that sentiment . 
 `` of course you need me . 
 if you can get past your hurt pride , you 'll see that we 're in this together . 
 use the crown however you want , but be reasonable so that the two of us can finally end this war . '' 
 my voice was low and dangerous when i spoke . 
 i was furious that he could be so condescending , that he assumed he could just smooth this all over . 
 `` there is no more us . '' 
 `` now you 're just overreacting , '' he said . 
 `` we need to finish this war together , and we need to be together , period . 
 we 're meant to be . '' 
 `` no , '' i said . 
 `` we 're done . 
 it 's over . '' 
 i could see from his face that he did n't take that seriously either . 
 he did n't get it . 
 his ego would n't allow him to . 
 before he could respond , kiyo lightly touched my arm . 
 `` be careful . 
 look what you 're doing . '' 
 i glanced around . 
 the wind was rising and falling , making the apple trees sway back and forth . 
 dark clouds began to gather above . 
 it was n't uncommon for my emotions to unconsciously affect the weather , but the fact that i could do it in a land under someone else 's control was a sign of how much my power had grown . 
 if dorian had wanted sunny weather , it should have stayed that way . 
 the realization of what i could do was heady . 
 nonetheless , i pushed back , calming the air and dissipating the storm clouds . 
 but dorian was n't concerned about any of that . 
 his attention had snapped to one small gesture : kiyo 's touch on my arm . 
 i 'm not sure how dorian knew - maybe just the way kiyo and i stood near each other - but in that moment , dorian realized what had happened between kiyo and me . 
 and that , more than any of the arguments here , was what finally broke that laid-back attitude . 
 his face turned to stone . 
 `` oh , '' he said to kiyo , voice completely devoid of emotion . 
 `` i see . 
 it 's your turn again . '' 
 outrage filled me at the insinuation that i could be passed around - a sentiment not unlike what kiyo himself had expressed . 
 dorian allowed me no chance to counter . 
 `` well , if that 's how it 's going to be , then that 's how it 's going to be . 
 you may be right that there 's no us , but we are still in this war together . 
 my armies are too enmeshed , and i can hardly let katrice think i 'm backing down . 
 dareth ! '' 
 dorian 's voice rang out , loudly enough that one of the guards behind the glass doors heard . 
 he swiftly opened the doors and stepped outside . 
 `` your majesty ? '' 
 `` please escort the thorn queen and her pet from the premises . 
 they are denied hospitality . 
 do not admit them again . 
 should any of her household come , they may be allowed into my presence . '' 
 his eyes flicked to me . 
 `` send rurik as your proxy for all military matters . 
 he was doing all the work anyway . '' 
 dorian 's attention went back to his guard . 
 `` you have your orders . '' 
 dareth had trouble keeping the shock off his face . 
 i had become a fixture around here , treated nearly the same as dorian . 
 after a few moments , dareth composed his features , his loyalty to his king overriding any disbelief he might feel . 
 he turned to me , expression formal . 
 he gestured inside . 
 `` your majesty . '' 
 the respect was there , but the message was clear . 
 i was being thrown out and could see dareth practically praying i would n't resist . 
 i did n't , and while a dozen parting retorts to dorian filled my head , i shoved them aside . 
 he thrived on that kind of attention . 
 it would only make him feel more important , and i wanted it made clear that i really was done with him - even though the cold reality of what was happening made my heart break . 
 kiyo and i began to follow dareth without comment , but then i paused . 
 reaching toward my neck , i ripped off the necklace i wore , the one with dorian 's ring . 
 i tossed it at his feet , meeting his gaze with a message i hoped he understood . 
 he did . 
 his answered mine with green fury . 
 `` i said get out of here . '' 
 i turned away , letting dareth take us to the castle 's front doors . 
 as soon as we were outside , i heard him giving instructions about the revoking of our hospitality . 
 i imagined the other guards shared his shock , but i walked on without looking back . 
 once kiyo and i had traveled far enough that the land shifted and put us in maiwenn 's kingdom , he turned to look at me . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 he asked , worry in those dark eyes . 
 `` fine , '' i said flatly . 
 i was confident my anger was justified ... but leaving dorian still hurt . 
 he 'd dismissed me so easily , once he 'd realized i 'd slept with kiyo . 
 i 'd expected something ... something more emotional , i guess . 
 some sign that i 'd meant more to him than a useful consort . 
 i should have known better . 
 `` let 's go back to tucson . '' 
 i 'd kept volusian and deanna away while we 'd met with dorian but brought them both back now . 
 i told deanna to come to my home tomorrow and that we 'd start working on her problem then . 
 to volusian , i gave orders to return to the thorn land . 
 he would tell rurik to go to dorian and then wait until word came back from katrice . 
 i had no doubt that word of my being banned from dorian 's would spread around quickly enough ; i did n't want to see the reactions of my people when that happened . 
 kiyo and i crossed back to arizona at a nearby gateway , going to his place instead of mine so that he could redo my stitches . 
 he was as good as any ` real ' doctor , and i did n't want to have to explain my new cuts and bruises to someone else . 
 a slew of cats and dogs greeted me when i entered his apartment , making me feel oddly nostalgic . 
 `` are you sure you 're okay ? '' 
 kiyo asked later . 
 i was lying stomach-down on his bed while his needle went to work on the cut . 
 my cheek rested on a pillow , my only view being his dresser as i tried to stay still . 
 `` fine . '' 
 `` you keep saying that , but what went down was pretty serious . '' 
 i could imagine the frown on his face . 
 `` i did n't expect him to pull hospitality . '' 
 `` he knows we slept together , '' i said . 
 `` guys get upset when their girlfriends do that . '' 
 i 'd broken up with dorian in my head the instant i found out about the deception , but as far as he was concerned , i 'd cheated on him . 
 maybe i had . 
 but betraying someone who 'd deceived you did n't seem like that much of a betrayal . 
 `` yes , '' said kiyo . 
 `` yes , they do . '' 
 he tied off his thread and re-bandaged it all . 
 `` please , please do not pull these out again . 
 the fact that this is n't infected is a miracle . '' 
 `` i wo n't , '' i said , sitting up and carefully putting my shirt back on . 
 `` i do n't plan on getting in any fights for a while . 
 i 'm staying out of the otherworld until they really need me , and investigating deanna 's murder should only involve questions . 
 actually , i 'm hoping to pass it off on someone else . '' 
 `` she wo n't like that , '' he said . 
 `` it 'll get it done , '' i said . 
 `` and she 'll like that . 
 probably even faster than if i did it . '' 
 i started to stand , but kiyo caught hold of my hand and kept me down . 
 his expression turned sly . 
 `` you want to stay for a while ? '' 
 i shook my head , smiling faintly . 
 `` i 've got some things to do . 
 besides , just because we did what we did does n't mean ... well , it does n't mean things are the same again . '' 
 his mischievous smile faded . 
 `` you 're right . 
 a lot kind of got rushed . 
 i suppose we should ... i do n't know . 
 do you want to go on a date ? '' 
 `` a date ? '' 
 i laughed in spite of myself . 
 it seemed so out of place after what we 'd been through these last few days . 
 too ordinary . 
 `` dinner and a movie ? '' 
 `` something like that . 
 i could pick you up later , after your errands are done . 
 or tomorrow if you need a little more time . '' 
 a little more time ? 
 maybe i needed a lot more time . 
 i really did n't know . 
 i might have jumped into bed - figuratively speaking - right after my relationship with dorian had crumbled , but as i 'd said , that did n't mean i was ready to establish something committed with kiyo again . 
 i 'd had sex with kiyo in the throes of my anger ; i had more to think about now that i 'd cooled down - and seen dorian 's face . 
 my head told me we were through , but my heart already missed him . 
 `` tomorrow , '' i said . 
 kiyo nodded . 
 `` fair enough . 
 i should probably check in at the clinic anyway . '' 
 i honestly did n't understand the terms of kiyo 's employment . 
 with his constant visits to the otherworld , he did n't seem to have any regular schedule with the emergency vet clinic he worked at . 
 he just seemed to show up whenever he wanted . 
 it was more convenient than my own job for maintaining a dual existence between worlds . 
 confused feelings or not , i let him kiss me good-bye before i left . 
 there was a part of me that wished i could just stay with him , hiding out in his bed and avoiding the rest of the world . 
 worlds , even . 
 but i had too much to do . 
 the first thing was to get home and change into clean clothes . 
 i arrived to what initially appeared to be an empty house , but the cars in the driveway tipped me off . 
 sure enough , a minute or so after i walked inside , i heard tim 's bedroom door open . 
 he emerged , wearing only jeans , his black hair standing in all directions . 
 `` hey , eug . 
 did n't expect to see you back . '' 
 `` apparently not . 
 i take it lara 's in there ? '' 
 he had the grace to look sheepish . 
 `` ah , well - '' `` hi , eugenie . '' 
 lara appeared in the kitchen beside him , her hair as messed up as his . 
 her clothes - including tim 's `` west coast powwow 2002 '' t-shirt - showed signs of hasty assembly . 
 she was blushing , but her embarrassment turned to surprise as she eyed my appearance . 
 she still was n't used to seeing me in real life . 
 `` rough day ? '' 
 `` days , '' i said . 
 `` oh ... i do n't suppose ... i do n't suppose you 'd be interested in hearing about some job offers ? '' 
 it was the first time she 'd been hesitant to bring up work . 
 i think she was finally starting to understand the grueling nature of my life and that back-to-back jobs were n't as easy as checking items off a list . 
 `` not really . 
 not for a few days . '' 
 `` a few - '' she bit off her protest and meekly nodded . 
 i walked around them , heading for my room . 
 `` i 've got things to do , '' i called back to them . 
 `` so you can go back to ... whatever it is you were doing . '' 
 truthfully , i did n't want to do the task hanging before me . 
 i wanted to find whatever baked goods tim had squirreled away in the kitchen and then take that nap i 'd longed for at kiyo 's . 
 but , no . 
 i 'd made a promise to deanna , one i had to honor , no matter how messed up the rest of my life was . 
 so , after cleaning up and changing , i sat on the edge of my bed and picked up my cell phone . 
 i stared at it for a long time , running my fingers along its edges as i procrastinated . 
 finally , i dialed a memorized number and waited . 
 there was a good chance that no one would answer . 
 i was calling my mom 's cell phone , though , which gave me better odds than if i 'd called her house number . 
 i knew roland had asked her to keep her distance from me , but after seeing me at the hospital , my mom would likely resist any directives like that - if only out of fear that i 'd lost a limb or something . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 my breath caught , and i almost could n't speak . 
 just that one word ... the sound of her voice . 
 it sent a flood of emotions through me , and i forced myself to remember my mission here . 
 `` mom ? '' 
 `` genie ? 
 are you okay ? '' 
 she asked promptly . 
 as suspected , she feared limb loss . 
 `` yeah , yeah , fine . 
 how are you ? '' 
 `` fine . 
 worried about you - like always . '' 
 `` i 'm okay , '' i said . 
 `` really . 
 but i need ... i , um , need to talk to roland . '' 
 long silence . 
 `` eugenie - '' `` i know , i know . 
 but i need his help with something . 
 it wo n't take long . 
 just one question . 
 please . '' 
 she sighed . 
 `` oh , baby . 
 i wish i could , but he 's made it clear ... you know how he feels about everything ... '' `` it 's a human thing , '' i said , only partially lying . 
 `` a job in this world . 
 please , mom . 
 just ask him if he 'll talk to me for a minute ? '' 
 more silence , then another sigh . 
 `` hang on . '' 
 i waited , nervously twisting the fabric of my bed 's duvet . 
 what would happen ? 
 the two most likely options were that either my mom would relay his refusal or they would simply hang up on me . 
 but , no . 
 it was roland 's voice i heard next . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 cold . 
 wary . 
 after everything that had just happened to me in the otherworld , hearing his voice nearly broke me . 
 i wanted to sob and beg him to forgive me . 
 beg him to love me again . 
 my mom had undoubtedly done a fair share of that already , though . 
 she 'd clearly had no luck . 
 i had no reason to believe i 'd fare any better , so i made my tone match his as i swallowed back tears . 
 just business here . 
 `` i need a referral , '' i said brusquely . 
 `` to a private investigator . 
 one who is n't going to be freaked out by the stuff we deal with . 
 i figured you must know someone . '' 
 `` you need a p.i. to deal with some monster ? '' 
 he asked harshly . 
 `` no , no . 
 it actually should be pretty mundane - all human stuff . 
 but considering what we do ... well , i thought i should have someone prepared in case things get weird . '' 
 i did n't have any reason for deanna to interact directly with a p.i. - or for me even to mention her - but i wanted to be safe . 
 `` well , '' said roland . 
 `` let 's make it clear : ` we ' do n't do the same kinds of things . '' 
 with great effort , i bit off the retorts that wanted to burst out of me . 
 i wanted to explain for the hundredth time that i 'd never expected - or wanted - to reach this level of involvement in the otherworld . 
 again , i opted for directness . 
 `` please , roland , '' i said simply . 
 `` this is for a human family . 
 just forget about me for a minute . '' 
 when he did n't respond , i thought for sure the anticipated hang-up would come . 
 `` enrique valdez , '' he said at last . 
 `` you should be able to look up his number . 
 i 'll call too and give him a heads-up . '' 
 `` oh , roland . 
 thank you so - '' click . 
 there it was . 
 i pulled the phone away and held it in front of me again , staring at it as though it were to blame for all my problems . 
 a few moments later , i tossed it on the floor . 
 anger surged through me , quickly fading into sadness . 
 my eyes fell on my travel pack in the corner , the pack containing the iron crown . 
 that - and all it represented - was the source of my problems . 
 i fell back onto my bed , staring up at the glow-in-the-dark stars stuck on my ceiling . 
 roland , dorian ... i was losing the men in my life . 
 why , why had dorian done that ? 
 why had he let me fall in love with him , only to play me ? 
 was that what love meant to him ? 
 was that how all his relationships worked ? 
 he 'd hurt me , hurt me so terribly , and the petty , dark voice that lived inside me said that if sleeping with kiyo had hurt dorian in return , it was no more than he deserved . 
 kiyo . 
 kiyo was all i had left now , and i did n't know if i could trust him either . 
 before i could ruminate very much on that particular woe , a cold presence filled the room . 
 i sat up quickly , putting aside all my self-pity as volusian materialized before me . 
 `` mistress , '' he said . 
 `` volusian , '' i replied . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 `` i 've come with a message , as you requested . '' 
 as always , his words were emotionless , yet he somehow conveyed the feeling that he resented every one of them . 
 `` queen katrice has responded to your news of the iron crown . '' 
 that was fast , even for the otherworld . 
 `` and ? '' 
 `` and , she has agreed to a temporary truce . '' 
 i shot up from the bed . 
 `` you have got to be kidding . '' 
 volusian did n't respond . 
 i 'd long since learned that any comment i made about him joking or kidding was treated rhetorically . 
 volusian did not joke or kid . 
 `` it worked , '' i murmured , more to myself than him . 
 `` i ca n't believe it . 
 dorian was right . '' 
 `` indeed . 
 but i assume my mistress will not resume carnal relations with him . '' 
 i made a face . 
 if there was anyone i hated discussing my sex life with more than jasmine , it was volusian . 
 `` no . 
 it does n't matter if he was right . 
 he lied to me to make it happen . 
 he should have told me the whole story . 
 he used half-truth means to achieve his ends . '' 
 volusian nodded solemnly . 
 `` i told you that long ago , that the oak king 's own agenda will always come first . 
 as will the kitsune 's . 
 but , unsurprisingly , my mistress chooses to ignore the only sound advice given to her and instead listens to those who use affection for their own purposes . '' 
 the word ` affection ' was spoken with particular venom . 
 `` kiyo and dorian do n't - look . 
 stay out of this , okay ? 
 i never asked for your ` sound ' advice . 
 get back to katrice . 
 how does this truce work exactly ? '' 
 `` hostilities will cease until all parties are able to discuss the current situation . 
 how said discussion proceeds will be settled beforehand by messengers . 
 you and the oak king may meet with her directly , or you may have representatives do the negotiating . '' 
 i tried to picture myself in a room with dorian and katrice . 
 lovely . 
 `` and where would this happen ? 
 i 'm sure as hell not going to the rowan land . '' 
 `` that too will be negotiated during this truce , '' he said . 
 `` a neutral kingdom is the most likely choice . 
 shaya would like to discuss that with you at your earliest convenience . '' 
 `` i 'm sure she would . 
 go back and tell her i trust her to set up whatever arrangements need to be made . 
 if i have to go myself ... well , then i go . 
 i 'll check in with her soon , but come back if anything happens in the meantime . '' 
 volusian waited , and i gestured him away . 
 `` go . '' 
 `` this is n't what i had in mind when i said we should go out on a date . '' 
 it took me a few days to get in to see enrique valdez , and kiyo had decided to accompany me . 
 while waiting for my appointment , i 'd checked in once with the thorn land , only to find the whole experience frustrating . 
 though no one openly said it - well , except for jasmine - they all thought me breaking up with dorian was the worst idea ever . 
 i also learned from shaya that arrangements for a war meeting were getting bogged down . 
 dorian insisted all three monarchs meet in person . 
 katrice wanted to send her nephew . 
 there was also the matter of which kingdom would host because several others wanted to , most likely in the hopes of getting in good with one or all of us . 
 i told shaya i did n't care about the details and to simply do whatever it took to finish this war quickly . 
 when kiyo and i reached enrique 's address , we found it was in a small , sad-looking office building in one of the more rundown areas of downtown tucson . 
 i eyed it askance as we stood outside and waited for him to buzz us up . 
 `` i do n't get why it took us three days to get in , '' i said . 
 `` it does n't really seem like he 's got that much business . '' 
 the door buzzed , and kiyo opened it . 
 `` maybe it 's a cover , '' he said . 
 we walked up to the second floor , where enrique 's office was located . 
 `` maybe he wants to hide how successful he is . '' 
 `` that 's ridiculous - '' i stopped when the office door opened before we knocked . 
 even with enrique standing in the doorway , i could see beautiful , expensive furnishings . 
 `` well , i 'll be damned , '' i muttered , entering at enrique 's gesture . 
 he was shorter than me , with deeply tanned skin and black hair starting to gray . 
 i put him somewhere in his mid to late forties . 
 his attire did n't quite match the office 's opulence . 
 in fact , it looked like stereotypical p.i. clothing from some old detective noir film , complete with a fedora . 
 `` markham 's girl , huh ? '' 
 he asked , voice laced with a faint spanish accent . 
 his eyes fell on kiyo . 
 `` and a bodyguard ? '' 
 `` a friend , '' i said sharply . 
 `` i do n't need a bodyguard . '' 
 `` right . '' 
 enrique did n't sound like he believed that . 
 he pointed us to some plush leather chairs while he sat in an even bigger one across from us . 
 a huge cherry desk was situated between us . 
 it gleamed deep red in the late afternoon light and did n't look like the kind of thing you 'd find at ikea . 
 i stared around at the rest of the office , still amazed at how it contrasted with the exterior . 
 books - ranging widely from moby dick to arizona state law - lined shelves that matched the desk , and small pieces of art - paintings , statues , et cetera - adorned the room . 
 `` so , '' began enrique . 
 `` what 's his name , and why do you think he 's cheating on you ? '' 
 `` i - huh ? '' 
 i jerked my head from a sculpture that looked like some mayan god and stared at enrique in astonishment . 
 `` what are you talking about ? 
 is that what roland told you ? '' 
 `` no , he did n't tell me anything . 
 i just figured that 's why you were here . 
 that 's usually what women come in for . '' 
 kiyo made a small sound beside me that i think was a laugh . 
 `` that 's ridiculous , '' i exclaimed , unsure if i should be offended or not . 
 `` i need you to investigate a murder . '' 
 enrique arched an eyebrow . 
 `` that 's what the police are for . '' 
 `` they already investigated it . 
 and actually , they declared it a suicide . '' 
 `` and you need me because ... ? '' 
 `` because i do n't think it was , '' i said . 
 `` i think it was a murder and that the victim 's family might be in danger . '' 
 enrique made no attempt to hide his skepticism . 
 `` do you have any evidence to support this ... theory ? '' 
 i took a deep breath , hoping roland had been right about this guy . 
 `` the victim 's , um , ghost said she did n't kill herself . '' 
 `` her ghost , '' he repeated . 
 as though on cue , deanna materialized in the room , though enrique could n't see her . 
 kiyo and i could with our otherworldly senses , but neither of us gave any indication of her arrival . 
 i nodded . 
 `` roland said you - '' `` yeah , yeah , '' said enrique . 
 `` i know about that hocus pocus he deals with . 
 i 'm also guessing suicide might be so traumatic that afterward , maybe a ghost blocked out what she actually did . '' 
 `` that 's not true ! '' 
 exclaimed deanna . 
 i supposed it was n't out of the realm of possibility , but i 'd explore all other options first . 
 `` i do n't think that 's the case . 
 i think she really was murdered . 
 if that 's true , we need to make sure no one else in her family gets hurt . '' 
 `` if she was murdered , '' countered enrique , `` then statistics say someone in her family probably did it . '' 
 `` that 's not true either ! '' 
 i ignored deanna 's second outburst and stayed fixed on enrique . 
 `` well , one way or another , i need to know . '' 
 he leaned back in his chair , putting his feet up on his desk and crossing his arms behind his head . 
 if he 'd called me ` dame , ' i would n't have been surprised . 
 `` the police take all this into consideration , you know . 
 what makes you think i 'd find something they have n't ? '' 
 `` i thought guys like you were smarter than the police , '' said kiyo . 
 `` figured you had connections and channels above the law . 
 that you did n't play by the same rules . '' 
 `` that 's true , '' said enrique , seeming pleased at the compliment . 
 i swore , he was also taking kiyo more seriously than me . 
 `` i can look into it , i suppose . 
 but it 's not like i 'll do it for free , just because you 're cute . '' 
 that was directed back at me . 
 i repressed a scowl . 
 `` i did n't expect you to . 
 i can pay . '' 
 he considered this and finally gave a nod , straightening back up in his chair . 
 `` okay . 
 tell me what you know , and i 'll get to it when i can . '' 
 `` what ! '' 
 cried deanna . 
 `` this is kind of time sensitive , '' i said . 
 mostly because i was n't sure how much more of deanna i could handle . 
 enrique gestured to a stack of folders on a table . 
 `` so are these . 
 i 'm drowning in paperwork . 
 ca n't keep half of these straight . '' 
 `` we 'll pay for you to expedite it , '' said kiyo . 
 i shot him a look of astonishment , not thrilled that he 'd speak for me - especially considering my income was lower than it used to be . 
 nonetheless , it got enrique 's attention . 
 `` expediting it is , then . '' 
 i gave him all the details i 'd recently learned from deanna , and to his credit , enrique diligently wrote them all down and asked pertinent questions that reaffirmed my faith in his legitimacy . 
 the price he named did n't cheer me up as much , but there was nothing to be done for it . 
 when kiyo and i finally got up to leave , i could n't resist asking the obvious . 
 `` you seem to be doing pretty well ... so why 's your office in a dump like this ? '' 
 enrique did n't look offended so much as scornful that i 'd ask such a ridiculous question . 
 `` do you know how much office rent is lately ? 
 i 'm saving tons of money . '' 
 `` maybe you should put that surplus toward a secretary instead of statues , '' i pointed out , nodding toward the tower of folders . 
 `` i do n't trust anyone , '' he said bluntly . 
 `` especially when ghost clients show up . '' 
 he opened the door . 
 `` i 'll be in touch . '' 
 `` charming , '' i said , once kiyo and i were on the road again . 
 `` the only thing i 'm convinced that guy can do is help in the regression of women 's rights . '' 
 kiyo tried to hide a smile and failed . 
 `` he was right about you being cute , though . 
 and i do n't know ... something tells me that despite the attitude , he 's pretty competent . 
 crappy building aside , he could n't afford that office if he was n't achieving results . 
 besides , roland would n't recommend anyone incompetent . '' 
 `` unless he was trying to sabotage me . '' 
 kiyo 's smile faded . 
 `` do you really think he 'd do that to you ? '' 
 i stared out the passenger seat window . 
 `` no . 
 he would n't . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , you know . 
 i really am . 
 about roland . '' 
 `` i do n't want to talk about it , '' i said . 
 my mood plummeted each time roland 's name came up . 
 `` okay , then . 
 you want to salvage this ` date ' and get some lunch ? '' 
 i did n't have faith in the change of subject . 
 i did n't think anything could really distract me , certainly not the crappy mexican restaurant kiyo took us to . 
 `` are you serious ? '' 
 i asked . 
 felipe 's fiestaland was the cheesiest restaurant in town , figuratively speaking . 
 in a place like tucson , where you could get amazingly authentic southwestern cuisine , felipe 's was for tourists and suburbanites who did n't know any better . 
 `` are you saying a margarita would n't do you good ? '' 
 he asked , getting out of the car . 
 `` i would never say that . 
 but there are better places with better margaritas . '' 
 `` they still use tequila in theirs . 
 is n't that what really matters ? '' 
 `` fair point . '' 
 we were greeted by a hostess who sounded like she 'd taken one semester of spanish in high school . 
 piandntilde ; atas hung from the ceiling , and bad mariachi music blasted from speakers . 
 i scanned the drink menu as soon as we sat down and was ready when the waiter came by . 
 `` i 'll have your double platinum extra premium margarita , '' i told him . 
 `` grande or super grande ? '' 
 asked the waiter . 
 `` super . '' 
 kiyo looked impressed . 
 `` i 'll have the same . '' 
 when we were alone , he asked , `` what is that exactly ? '' 
 i propped an elbow on the table , resting my chin on my palm . 
 `` i 'm not sure , but it sounded like it had the most alcohol in it . 
 places like this tend to drown their drinks in mixers . '' 
 `` spoken like a pro . '' 
 `` stating the obvious . 
 you and i both know roza 's has the best margaritas . '' 
 kiyo smiled at that , flashing me a warm and knowing look . 
 i had a feeling he was thinking about a memory that had come to me too , back from when we 'd dated . 
 we 'd gone out to roza 's - which really did have the best margaritas in town - and gotten so drunk that neither of us could drive home . 
 so , we 'd used the car for the only thing we could : sex . 
 twice . 
 the drinks arrived and were about the size of fishbowls . 
 they were also about half-mixer , as suspected , but at least that still left a reasonable quantity of alcohol . 
 i drank mine down quickly as we waited for our food . 
 alcohol numbed my shamanic powers a little bit and sometimes let me forget my problems . 
 not so much today . 
 `` do you think enrique might be right ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` that deanna did commit suicide and blocked it out ? '' 
 the ghost had left us once we departed from the office . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i do n't know if she 'd believe it , even if he turned up a film or something . '' 
 i grimaced and downed more of the drink . 
 `` i hope not . 
 it 's nothing i 'd want to watch . 
 i 'm tired of bloodshed . '' 
 `` i know , '' he said gently . 
 `` and no matter what i said before ... and how upset i was when this war started ... well , i have to admit . 
 you 've handled it as best you could . 
 word gets around . 
 i know you 've made some tactical moves that minimized casualties - and not just for your own people . '' '' 
 ` tactical . ' 
 ` casualties . ' '' 
 i shook my head , eyeing my low margarita . 
 `` those are terms i never thought i 'd use . 
 and really , i do n't have much to do with that planning . 
 rurik does . '' 
 `` but you give the okay , '' kiyo pointed out . 
 `` not many rulers would . 
 most would do whatever it took to crush their enemies quickly . '' 
 `` i 've certainly wanted to . '' 
 dorian had as well , and the few disagreements we 'd had during our wartime partnership had been over civilian collateral damage . 
 `` can we talk about something not otherworldly ? 
 and not about suicide ? '' 
 `` sure . '' 
 our waiter suddenly appeared with the plate of mile high muy bueno nachos we 'd ordered . 
 kiyo flashed him a grin . 
 `` she 'll have another margarita . 
 also , it 's her birthday . '' 
 i shot kiyo a look of horror as the waiter scurried off . 
 `` are you out of your mind ? 
 you do n't say something like that in a place like this ! '' 
 but it was too late . 
 because in a matter of minutes , the entire waitstaff of felipe 's fiestaland had surrounded our table . 
 someone put a sombrero on my head and a candlelit piece of flan in front of me . 
 the whole group then launched into an out-of-tune rendition of `` cumpleaandntilde ; os feliz , '' set to equally bad out-of-rhythm clapping . 
 i stared at kiyo the whole time and mouthed i will kill you . 
 it only made his smile grow . 
 `` you do n't look a day older , '' he told me , once the mob had dispersed . 
 `` i ca n't believe you did that . '' 
 i jerked off the sombrero and dove into the new margarita . 
 `` do you know how humiliating that is ? '' 
 `` hey , it got your mind off everything else , did n't it ? 
 plus , check it out . 
 free flan . '' 
 i blew out the candle and hesitantly poked the gelatinous mass below it . 
 `` it looks like it 's been sitting around a while . '' 
 `` do n't worry , '' he said , dragging the plate over to his side of the table . 
 `` with all the preservatives in it , i 'm sure it 's fine . '' 
 `` i 'm going to get you back for this , '' i warned , narrowing my eyes . 
 the look he gave me was knowing . 
 `` i hope so , '' he said . 
 `` i certainly hope so . '' 
 i can only blame the margaritas for what happened next , because as soon as we 'd paid our bill and were back in the car , we attacked each other . 
 `` see ? '' 
 he said , trying to pull my shirt over my head . 
 `` who needs roza 's ? '' 
 `` it was dark out then , '' i reminded him , my own hands fumbling for his pants . 
 `` we 're in the back of the lot , '' he argued . 
 `` and the sun 's going down . '' 
 he had a point , and when he brought one of my nipples to his mouth , i kind of let the subject drop . 
 we really were out of sight , and there were more important matters to take care of . 
 we reclined and pushed the seat back as far as it would go , then finally managed to get each other 's jeans off . 
 i brought my hips down , taking him into me . 
 `` see ? '' 
 i gasped . 
 `` you 're sorry now . '' 
 `` very , '' he managed to say . 
 our awkward positioning kept my breasts pretty close to his face , and he was taking advantage of it with his hands and mouth . 
 as for me , i was just thrilled at the feel of being on top of him . 
 after always playing submissive with dorian , i suddenly exalted in this sense of power - especially since kiyo had definitely been the one in control the last time we had sex . 
 now , it was all me , and i took a fair amount of satisfaction in taunting him , alternately increasing the speed of my movement and then slowing down when he got close to coming . 
 `` eugenie , '' he begged at last . 
 `` enough . 
 please ... do it ... '' i leaned toward him like i might kiss him - and then pulled back when his lips sought mine . 
 with a grin , i straightened up as much as i could and rode him hard , finally letting him have the release he 'd begged for . 
 his body bucked up as he came , his hands holding tightly to my hips as though i might leave before he finished . 
 after that , i guess we were kind of dating again . 
 the next week or so passed in an easy pattern . 
 i saw kiyo almost every day , and we slipped back into our old routines . 
 i started taking more jobs , much to lara 's relief , while kiyo alternately worked at the vet clinic and checked in with the otherworld . 
 at night , he and i were always together , either at my place or his . 
 my body began to remember what it was like being in a relationship , and slowly , my heart did as well . 
 i only crossed into the otherworld once during that time , both from thorn land withdrawal and curiosity over the war proceedings . 
 no progress was being made with katrice . 
 i was grateful for the lack of fighting , but the hoped-for peace talks still seemed a ways off . 
 it was frustrating . 
 `` she 's being difficult , '' said shaya , when i asked about it . 
 understandably , she looked weary . 
 `` these are delicate matters . 
 they take time . '' 
 i left it at that , feeling impatient , but figuring she knew better than me . 
 back in tucson , i also got sporadic updates of another sort : enrique 's . 
 to his credit , he called almost every day to report what he 'd done or investigated . 
 at first his attitude remained the same , full of that cockiness and irritability that said this was a waste of his time . 
 then , one day , things changed . 
 `` i think , '' he said . 
 `` you might be right . '' 
 i 'm not sure who was more surprised by this : him or me . 
 i 'd honestly started to believe he would n't turn up anything at all as evidence of either a suicide or a murder . 
 i gripped the phone tightly . 
 `` what ? 
 that someone killed her ? '' 
 `` yeah ... i found a couple things . 
 did you know her husband has a girlfriend ? '' 
 `` deanna told me . 
 she seemed okay with his moving on . '' 
 it had been a few months since her death , too soon to start dating in my book , but still a semi-respectable time frame . 
 according to deanna , he 'd begun seeing someone a few weeks ago . 
 `` yeah , well , he moved on before she was dead . 
 the girlfriend ? 
 his alibi . '' 
 i frowned . 
 `` seriously ? '' 
 deanna 's husband had been removed from suspicion because he 'd had a solid witness to his whereabouts when she 'd been killed . 
 he 'd been at a real estate agent 's office ; the agent was helping him with a vacation home for their family . 
 `` maybe their relationship started after deanna died ... '' `` not if a witness i found is reliable . 
 i also might have a lead that proves deanna was n't the one who bought the gun . '' 
 `` if that 's true ... '' i could n't finish right away . 
 deanna acquiring the gun that had killed her had been one of the most damning pieces of evidence for suicide . 
 `` if you can prove that , then it could reopen everything . '' 
 `` yes , '' said enrique matter-of-factly . 
 `` yes , it could . 
 i 'll be in touch . '' 
 we disconnected , and i suddenly wished he had n't been quite so good at his job . 
 if he was right about all this and turned up the evidence he needed ... well , someone was going to have to break the news to deanna that her husband had murdered her . 
 and that someone would be me . 
 she currently believed some crazed killer had done it , one that was after her family now . 
 the thought of it all sickened me . 
 as i sat there in my room , an otherworldly presence made my skin tingle . 
 for half a second , i thought deanna was appearing unsummoned - something i was n't ready to deal with . 
 i 'd essentially given her a `` do n't call me , i 'll call you '' directive . 
 but , no . 
 it was n't her . 
 it was volusian , his red eyes as malevolent as always . 
 lately , his appearance meant news from the otherworld . 
 i hoped it would be good . 
 `` what 's up ? '' 
 i demanded . 
 `` shaya requests your presence immediately . '' 
 something good at last . 
 `` the peace talks ? '' 
 i had two immediate reactions to this . 
 one was that dorian could wait around forever ; he had no right to demand anything of me . 
 my other reaction was outrage that he could come traipsing into my home when i was banned from his . 
 admittedly , that was my own fault . 
 i had n't put down any hospitality rules to keep him out . 
 as such , he 'd be welcomed like any other non-enemy monarch - particularly by my people . 
 i considered simply sending volusian to revoke hospitality but then tossed that idea aside . 
 i 'd take care of this myself . 
 i drove out to the gateway by my home as fast as i could without getting a ticket and then crossed over to the anchor inside my castle . 
 once there , i hurried through the halls , oblivious to servants ' startled stares . 
 i knew where dorian would be . 
 my people would have received him in the nicest chamber , the one befitting any visiting monarch . 
 sure enough . 
 dorian sat inside the parlor , lounging in a central chair with shaya , rurik , and others sitting around him . 
 he looked like he was holding court in his own castle . 
 my anger doubled . 
 everyone except him jumped up at my sudden approach , giving hasty bows . 
 `` out , '' i snapped . 
 `` all of you . 
 and shut the door . '' 
 my words left no question about who exactly i wanted out . 
 dorian did n't move , but the rest scurried to obey my orders . 
 i saw shaya and rurik exchange looks with each other , no doubt worried what was going to happen with the two monarchs they loved . 
 once we were alone , i turned on dorian . 
 `` what the hell are you doing here ? '' 
 he regarded me coolly , face perfectly at ease . 
 `` visiting , as is my right . 
 there 's nothing that says i ca n't . 
 unless you 're revoking my hospitality ? '' 
 `` i should , '' i said , stepping forward with fists clenched . 
 `` i should have my guards throw you out on your ass . '' 
 he snorted and absentmindedly smoothed a piece of his long hair . 
 `` good luck with that . 
 they 'd throw you out first , if i gave the order . '' 
 `` so that 's why you 're here ? 
 to start a rebellion in my own kingdom ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i 'm here to remind you of your responsibilities to your kingdom - since you 've clearly forgotten . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 i crossed my arms across my chest in an effort to stop myself from doing something stupid . 
 `` i think you 've forgotten what i 've done for my kingdom . 
 say , like , saving it from disaster . 
 and risking my life for that fucking crown so that we could finally have peace . '' 
 `` if memory serves , you caused that disaster when you created an inhospitable desert . '' 
 his voice was still damnably calm . 
 `` and that crown is doing you no good . '' 
 `` did n't you hear me ? 
 we have peace . 
 the fighting 's stopped . '' 
 `` the fighting 's temporarily stopped . 
 katrice is playing you , and you 're letting her . 
 she 's dragging her feet , using this negotiation delay to figure out a way out of this . 
 if you really want to end the war once and for all , you need to get involved and let her know you 're serious . 
 wave the crown around . 
 dare her to call your bluff . 
 show her you 're in control and stop all of this for real . '' 
 i gave a harsh laugh . 
 `` that 's so typical of you . 
 attempting to pull the strings , as usual . 
 you do n't even have the crown , but you 're telling me what to do with it . '' 
 dorian shot up from the chair , smooth features breaking into annoyance . 
 `` i am remembering what it means to be a king . 
 i 'm not running away and letting others deal with things that seem too hard . '' 
 `` right , '' i said , keeping an eye on the distance between us . 
 `` getting the crown was easy . 
 which is why , of course , you were right out there with me . '' 
 he narrowed his eyes . 
 `` you know i would have if i could . 
 so i did the only thing i could : i got you out there after it . '' 
 `` by lying ! '' 
 i exclaimed . 
 i tried to keep my voice strong , letting anger be the only emotion to slip , but grief cracked me a little . 
 `` by creating an elaborate set-up with masthera in the hope i 'd seize more land for us . 
 why do you not see how wrong that was ? '' 
 `` was it ? '' 
 his volume was starting to match my own . 
 i 'd so rarely seen emotion seize him , and it was both terrible and beautiful . 
 `` do you think our people think it 's wrong ? 
 the ones whose homes are no longer in danger ? 
 the ones who are alive because of this ? 
 the crown bought that , and you 're going to ruin it all if you do n't force her into talks ! 
 not only that , by not acting , you 're letting what leith did to you go unpunished . '' 
 `` oh , he got punished , '' i said . 
 `` yes , '' agreed dorian coldly . 
 `` by me . 
 something you seem to have forgotten , now that you 've jumped back into bed with that animal . '' 
 `` kiyo is n't part of this . 
 and what you did is n't enough to obligate me to stay in a relationship with someone who constantly deceives me . '' 
 dorian turned away , putting his back to me . 
 somehow , this was more insulting than all the glares in the world . 
 `` i can only assume this is human logic . 
 achieving peace by bending the truth is deceitful . 
 the greatest sin in the world . 
 but infidelity is moral and just . '' 
 `` it 's not ! 
 and i was n't - i did n't cheat on you . 
 as far as i was concerned , we were through . 
 i was free to do whatever i wanted . '' 
 `` obviously . '' 
 i did n't want to show any weakness in front of him , but the thing was , part of me still questioned if having sex with kiyo back in the forest had been right or not . 
 i 'd even felt conflicted at the time . 
 i 'd let my impulses win out , using muddled logic to satisfy both my lust and need for revenge . 
 `` look , '' i said , trying to calm myself down . 
 `` i did n't mean to hurt your feelings - '' he spun around so sharply that my words dropped . 
 i did n't fear dorian , not with my power and in my home , but something in his eyes made me step back . 
 `` queen eugenie , '' he said formally . 
 `` do n't trouble yourself over my ` feelings . ' 
 replacing you in my bed is n't that difficult . 
 you have too high an opinion of yourself in that regard . '' 
 those words slapped me in the face , despite all the reasonable parts of my brain screaming at me that it did n't matter . 
 i had no reason to care what he did . 
 no reason to care about him . 
 `` so , '' i said , matching his tone . 
 `` ysabel has a place to sell her skills again . '' 
 `` very good ones , '' he agreed . 
 `` the question now is if you 're going to use yours . 
 put katrice in her place . 
 get her to negotiate so that we can get the concessions we deserve . 
 stop acting like a human . '' 
 `` i am human . 
 you keep forgetting that . '' 
 he studied me up and down , giving me the opportunity to do the same to him . 
 you do n't care , you do n't care , i told myself , trying to push aside how much i 'd loved that gorgeous face . 
 `` no , '' he said at last , contempt in his voice . 
 `` it 's impossible to forget . 
 you 're acting like one now , refusing to do the right thing just because i 've asked you to . 
 you 're being contrary out of spite . '' 
 he strode toward the door . 
 `` if you do n't act soon , you 'll regret it . '' 
 i did n't like him being the one to end this conversation . 
 it was more of him always having the power . 
 `` are you threatening me ? '' 
 dorian put his hand on the door 's handle and glanced at me over his shoulder . 
 `` no . 
 i 'm not the threat . 
 katrice is . 
 and while you keep going on and on about how much i 've wronged you and lied to you , i can say with absolute certainty that what i 've just told you is the truth . '' 
 `` noted . '' 
 hastily , i made an attempt at acting like the queen around here . 
 `` you can go now . 
 and do n't come back . '' 
 that earned me a half smile , though there was n't much humor in it . 
 `` are you revoking my hospitality ? '' 
 i hesitated . 
 `` no . 
 i 'm above that . 
 i 'll just assume you 'll do the right thing and stay the hell away from me . '' 
 `` noted , '' he replied , imitating my earlier tone . 
 he opened the door and walked away without another look . 
 i stared at the empty space where he 'd been , wondering who 'd come out on top of that argument . 
 by the time i emerged and found shaya , dorian had already left my castle for his own lands . 
 she asked nothing about what had transpired with him , but worry was written all over her face . 
 `` how close are we ? '' 
 i demanded . 
 `` how close are we to sitting down with katrice and writing up a treaty ? '' 
 shaya paled , and i realized i had turned my anger at dorian on her . 
 `` not as close as i 'd like . 
 she agreed ... she agreed she 'd come in person , but only if the talks were held in the willow land . 
 queen maiwenn has agreed , but dor - king dorian says that 's unacceptable . 
 he suggests the linden land or the maple land . 
 katrice refuses . '' 
 linden and maple . 
 kingdoms both staunchly neutral . 
 maiwenn theoretically was too . 
 she 'd always put on the pretense of friendship , and i was certain kiyo would endorse her hospitality . 
 but something about it made me uneasy . 
 i did n't want to support dorian ... but then i realized that instinct came from exactly what he 'd warned me of : wanting to oppose him just out of spite . 
 our personal mess aside , he was my ally . 
 neutral ground was best for us . 
 `` reiterate dorian 's stance , '' i said . 
 `` linden or maple . 
 i 'm going back to tucson . 
 let me know what happens . '' 
 shaya opened her mouth , to protest or beg for help , i could n't say . 
 dorian 's words came back to me . 
 get actively involved . 
 `` wave the crown '' and make katrice agree to our terms . 
 no . 
 on that , i would n't agree with him . 
 i would n't use that crown like he wanted me too , even as a threat . 
 `` that 'll be all , '' i told shaya . 
 she nodded , obedient as always . 
 the look on her face as i left made me feel a little guilty . 
 maybe i could make things easier for her . 
 maybe i could expedite all this . 
 but for now , there was literally no harm being done . 
 what could katrice 's stalling achieve ? 
 if she began hostilities again , she ran the risk of facing the crown she obviously feared . 
 my people were safe . 
 the waiting was frustrating , but it had to end soon . 
 i 'd told dorian i was human , and that 's what i intended to be . 
 i would go home , start following up on jobs , and let the gentry deal with this red tape until i was absolutely needed . 
 and that was exactly what i did . 
 i returned to my old life . 
 kiyo and i continued dating , and being with him , reestablishing our old connection and sex life , went a long way toward blocking out images of beautiful , voluptuous ysabel in dorian 's bed . 
 my workload increased - as did my income - though my jobs tired me out more than i was used to . 
 that scared me . 
 it made me think about what it meant to be human and gentry . 
 i 'd fought to keep my human side dominant . 
 was the gentry part taking over ? 
 stunting my shamanic abilities ? 
 no , i firmly decided . 
 this was stress , pure and simple . 
 in the two weeks that followed , though , i had to concede to my gentry side occasionally . 
 the thorn land called to me , so i continued my quick visits , keeping the land strong and - no matter how much i hated to admit it - strengthening myself . 
 unfortunately , i took little joy from that because no good news ever came from the otherworld . 
 katrice kept switching back and forth . 
 yes , she 'd agree to the maple land - no , she 'd changed her mind . 
 linden . 
 but only if ambassadors went first , then the monarchs . 
 no - she 'd go . 
 but it was back to the willow land . 
 or maybe some place altogether different ? 
 what about the palm land ? 
 dorian made no attempts at direct contact with me , but there was no need . 
 when i went to bed each night , i could see his face . 
 wave the crown , wave the crown . 
 fortunately , my aggressive workload tired me out enough to fall asleep quickly . 
 good news of sorts finally came one day when kiyo and i were out hiking . 
 the temperature had shot up , heralding spring , and i 'd welcomed the break from work . 
 traipsing through the wilderness was something dorian would certainly never do - especially in the desert . 
 but like me , kiyo appreciated the rugged beauty and heat of the land . 
 i 'd missed these excursions with him . 
 his eyebrows rose when my cell phone rang . 
 `` you can get a signal out here ? '' 
 `` apparently . '' 
 i was as surprised as him . 
 looking at the id , i saw enrique 's name pop up . 
 his recent reports , after that brief surge of promising news , had been clipped and vague : simple reminders that he was still working on things . 
 i answered eagerly . 
 `` please tell me you 've found something . '' 
 `` i have , '' he said . 
 enrique had that smug tone from when we 'd met . 
 it had been annoying then , but now , i found it encouraging . 
 `` i finally tracked down the gun dealer and - '' i did n't hear the rest because a sudden drop in the temperature and tingling in the air heralded volusian 's arrival . 
 apparently , i could get an otherworldly signal out here too . 
 my minion 's orders to report all urgent news trumped whatever enrique had to say . 
 `` hey , '' i interrupted . 
 `` i 'll call you back . '' 
 `` what the - '' i disconnected , not giving him a chance to finish his outrage . 
 he probably was n't used to being hung up on . 
 i turned to volusian , who waited patiently and silently for me . 
 he was a spot of darkness on the sunny day ; he seemed to suck away the light of the world . 
 `` please , '' i begged . 
 `` please tell me katrice has finally given in , so that we can talk . '' 
 volusian stayed silent a few moments . 
 i swear , it was for drama 's sake , and i felt like choking him . 
 `` no , '' he said . 
 `` the rowan queen has not agreed to negotiations yet , although ... she has acted . '' 
 kiyo and i exchanged looks . 
 there was no way this could be good . 
 i was also pretty sure volusian liked delivering this news . 
 kiyo asked no questions when i called enrique back and told him i 'd be out of town and out of contact for a while - but that i trusted him to carry on . 
 really , kiyo said little at all as we hurried back to my house . 
 within minutes , i had a small satchel packed , and then we were off to the otherworldly crossing . 
 no matter what ups and downs had occurred in our relationship , he knew me well . 
 he knew i had to act on this immediately . 
 the questions began once i reached my castle . 
 `` how the hell , '' i began , `` did this happen ? '' 
 i was in one of the receiving rooms , kiyo by my side as i stared down shaya and some of the soldiers who manned the grounds . 
 rurik was with them , which gave me mixed feelings . 
 i was glad he was back from dorian 's . 
 i trusted him more than any other military guy around here . 
 that being said , there was a petty part of me that held him responsible . 
 how could someone as capable as him have let this happen ? 
 he grimaced , as though guessing my thoughts . 
 `` a small group sneaked onto our grounds , overpowered her guards ... and took her . '' 
 he hesitated . 
 `` she only had two with her , your majesty . 
 as you 'll recall , her escort was lightened . 
 still . 
 there is no excuse . '' 
 i had n't witnessed this kind of diplomacy and respect from rurik since ... well , actually , i 'd never really witnessed it . 
 with dorian ? 
 yes . 
 not with me . 
 jasmine 's abduction had really gotten to rurik , no question . 
 i was pretty sure he was taking it personally . 
 but i 'd also caught the slight meaning in his carefully worded comment about her lightened guard . 
 that had been my call . 
 i had done it in response to her good behavior and had let her outside more . 
 i 'd known it was a potential security risk - but not one that involved her leaving against her will . 
 `` we 're at war , '' i said . 
 `` regardless of her guard , this whole place should have been under lock-down . '' 
 he nodded , face growing grimmer . 
 `` as i said , there 's no excuse . 
 i take full responsibility . '' 
 i waved a hand dismissively . 
 `` it 's too late now . 
 i know you 're doing your job . 
 do n't lay yourself out for the slaughter . 
 volusian said there was a note ? '' 
 shaya handed me a piece of rolled parchment . 
 kiyo leaned over my shoulder as i read it silently to myself : to eugenie , usurper queen of the thorn land , daughter of tirigan stormi , king : as you no doubt know by now , i have your sister within my custody . 
 if you wish her returned to you alive , you and the oak king will surrender unconditionally to me . 
 you will cease hostilities immediately , withdraw your armies , and cede your lands . 
 additionally , you will turn over the alleged iron crown to me . 
 if you do not comply with these terms , your sister will be executed at noon , three days from the receipt of this letter . 
 for now , she is alive , and i have given her into the keeping of my nephew cassius . 
 i await your response . 
 sincerely , katrice , queen of the rowan land , beloved of the gods i looked up at the many watching eyes . '' 
 ` given her into the keeping of my nephew cassius . ' 
 does that mean what i think it does ? '' 
 shaya grimaced . 
 `` that is the nephew she wanted you to marry . '' 
 `` why execute jasmine then ? '' 
 i demanded . 
 `` why not marry her off to cassius ? 
 is n't that a waste of one of storm king 's daughters ? '' 
 `` katrice hates you , '' said kiyo softly . 
 `` at this point , she probably does n't even care about the prophecy . 
 she wants to get back at you , hurt you , and if that means killing jasmine , then it 's probably an acceptable loss - especially if she tries to then give you to cassius after this ` surrender . ' '' 
 `` so i 'd get to live ? '' 
 kiyo shrugged . 
 `` longer suffering . '' 
 `` why choose her as a hostage though ? '' 
 i did n't know why i was arguing the logic here . 
 none of it mattered . 
 only the outcome did . 
 `` everyone knows we do n't get along . '' 
 `` everyone also probably knows that 's been changing a little , '' said kiyo . 
 `` you brought her to dorian 's . '' 
 `` and , '' added shaya , `` a royal family member usually makes the best hostage in these situations . '' 
 these situations . 
 for a moment , i nearly swayed on my feet , wanting to close my eyes and pass out . 
 it had nothing to do with the heat . 
 it was this . 
 all of this . 
 this situation always repeating itself . 
 me and jasmine , cursed by our blood , always to be used and captured as possessions in a greater game . 
 i 'd hated aeson , but at least he 'd lured jasmine into some pretense of love before taking advantage of her . 
 but what about this cassius ? 
 he 'd make no attempts at kindness . 
 this was all about punishment and revenge , after all . 
 had he already raped jasmine ? 
 was he doing it now ? 
 a sickening memory of leith came to mind , one sharp and clear in spite of the drugged state i 'd been in during my ordeal with him . 
 moments later , it was replaced by an image of this faceless cassius lowering himself over a cowering jasmine ... i pushed my weakness aside , steadying myself and bringing the world back into focus . 
 i turned to rurik . 
 `` how far are our armies spread out ? 
 how soon could we get them together and march on her ? 
 i want to raze that bitch 's lands and burn her castle to the ground ! 
 i want to have the fucking wrath of heaven rain down on her and - '' i cut myself off , as startled at my words as the others were . 
 where had that rage come from ? 
 well , the situation , obviously . 
 i would n't want anyone thrown to katrice 's nephew before facing execution . 
 but it occurred to me in that moment that my reaction was also ... personal . 
 somewhere , in the ups and downs of our dysfunctional family , i 'd come to care about jasmine . 
 my anger came from the loss of her . 
 `` easy , eug , '' said kiyo , resting a hand on my arm . 
 there was a nervous note in his voice , mirrored by the others ' expressions . 
 i 'd once been told that when i was angry , i resembled my father . 
 i took a deep breath and pushed back any further outbursts . 
 `` leading a massive army in - while deserved - would n't be ... '' rurik was still treading lightly , still choosing words carefully . 
 `` well , katrice was already in wartime mode , heavily guarded . 
 after this ? 
 the lands outside her home probably have triple the guard they did before . '' 
 `` but if our force was large enough ... '' i began . 
 rurik nodded . 
 `` true . 
 it 's possible . 
 especially if ... especially if my lord dorian 's armies were involved . '' 
 he looked uneasy at mentioning dorian , but i could see a considering look on rurik 's face . 
 i had a feeling we shared the same puzzle . 
 would dorian lend forces to help me ? 
 possibly not , not if his anger overrode any devotion to me . 
 on the other hand , dorian was still in this war , and i knew him well enough to think he might welcome a full-out march on her castle . 
 rurik knew that too . 
 `` with his forces , it 's possible , '' rurik said at last . 
 `` but katrice 's would be defending . 
 it would be bloody . 
 it would be ugly . '' 
 he did n't sound opposed to that , per se . 
 he was a military man ; ugly battles were the way of the world . 
 but we all knew that was n't ideal . 
 my mind spun . 
 part of me wanted that large force to beat on katrice because i thought she deserved it . 
 this was about more than revenge , however . 
 it was about jasmine . 
 i needed to go with the plan most likely to get her back , and an invading army was n't it . 
 it would take a smaller group , just as she 'd no doubt sent here , one that could slip in . 
 we were heavily guarded , but with the assorted petitioners and refugees always coming and going , it was no wonder jasmine 's kidnappers had slipped in . 
 katrice undoubtedly had a similar stream of people coming to her in these times , but she 'd probably be on high alert with them too . 
 `` imanuelle , '' i said , realizing too many moments of silence had passed . 
 `` can you get me imanuelle ? '' 
 it was this , finally , that took the group 's eyes off me - because they all exchanged astonished looks . 
 kiyo 's face grew troubled . 
 `` that 's your plan ? '' 
 kiyo asked . 
 `` assassinate katrice ? 
 eugenie , you 're better than that . '' 
 he 'd apparently heard of imanuelle . 
 `` i am , '' i agreed . 
 `` and smarter . 
 get her for me . '' 
 that was to shaya , who nodded and then shot a look at a hovering servant . 
 he gave a hasty bob of his head and darted out of the room . 
 `` ready to repeat history ? '' 
 i asked kiyo . 
 `` it 'll be like raiding aeson 's all over again . '' 
 `` you 're going ... no . 
 eugenie , you ca n't go there . '' 
 i gestured to rurik and began moving for the exit . 
 `` you heard him . 
 we ca n't get in with a large force - not easily . '' 
 `` yes , i get that , '' said kiyo , following after me . 
 `` but you ca n't go . '' 
 `` i have to go , '' i countered . 
 rurik had hurried along after us . 
 `` he 's right . 
 send someone else . 
 i 'll go . 
 we 'll sneak in and take her . '' 
 i came to an abrupt halt , nearly causing both men to run into me . 
 `` i 'm going . 
 this is my responsibility . 
 besides , who else around here can match me magically ? '' 
 i peered back and forth between their faces , daring them to challenge me . 
 `` even so , '' said rurik , `` if you 're discovered , you 'll be outnumbered . 
 and you 're an enemy queen . 
 in wartime . 
 walking right into your enemy 's stronghold . 
 i ca n't allow this . '' 
 `` it 's not your place to allow me to do anything ! '' 
 i snapped . 
 `` or you either . '' 
 i turned to kiyo for that , guessing his words . 
 `` we wo n't be discovered . 
 not if imanuelle 's as good as she claims . '' 
 i was so tired of men telling me what i could and could n't do . 
 i left them and stalked off down the hallway toward my bedroom . 
 neither followed me right away , but i just barely heard rurik mutter to kiyo , `` well , if she 's caught , she will get a massive army descending on katrice , at least . 
 my lord dorian would n't permit anything less . '' 
 the flaw in my plan , as it turned out , was waiting on imanuelle . 
 after our last meeting , she 'd left my kingdom , and finding her was n't easy . 
 you could n't just openly summon a famed assassin . 
 girard was at my court , however , and apparently had secret ways of sending messages to his sister . 
 i did n't ask any questions about his means , so long as she showed up . 
 waiting for her gave us time to plan strategy . 
 once my advisors grudgingly accepted that i 'd be going personally - and once rurik accepted that he would not be accompanying me - they fell in line to pool their knowledge about katrice 's castle . 
 i 'd joked earlier to kiyo about this being like our break-in to aeson 's ... but really , it was true . 
 this time , we had no guide personally to take us in . 
 we had to rely on anecdotal knowledge from those who had been there and could make best guesses at where jasmine might be held . 
 and that was presuming katrice was actually keeping her on-hand . 
 perhaps the most surprising part of all of this was kiyo 's acquiescence . 
 i 'd expected protests about my safety or perhaps a diplomatic solution . 
 but , no . 
 he realized the importance of saving jasmine . 
 and he too knew this was probably our best shot - at least on such short notice . 
 `` you should know , '' rurik told us later , `` that you are n't going to be able to bring volusian . '' 
 he , kiyo , shaya , and i were in my bedroom , which i 'd made my makeshift war headquarters . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 i asked . 
 that was a surprise . 
 i 'd been counting on his muscle , something i had to admit i 'd missed while fighting for the crown . 
 what was the point of an undead minion if i could n't put him to good use ? 
 `` he can go in with us invisibly . '' 
 rurik shook his head . 
 `` everyone knows about him . 
 katrice does . 
 she 'll have people on-hand who can sense him . 
 she 'll also probably have those with the power to banish him . 
 enough of them united together could . '' 
 `` you have a lot of faith in her , '' i noted dryly . 
 volusian was hard to banish - i could n't do it - but rurik had a point . 
 get enough magic-users together , and they could eventually pull it off . 
 he gave me a twisted smile . 
 `` she 's not stupid . 
 and she has advisors . 
 not as good as yours , of course , but they would have thought everything over before kidnapping jasmine . '' 
 a knock on the door interrupted any response i might have made , and after i called entry , a servant showed imanuelle in . 
 `` finally , '' i said . 
 she swept in , clad in billowing red silk pants and a matching , midriff-showing top . 
 the assassin arched an eyebrow and gave me an amused look as she put her hands on her hips . 
 `` i do n't wait around on your every command , thorn queen . 
 and last time we spoke , you made it pretty clear , you did n't want me around . 
 have you finally come to your senses ? 
 from what i hear , now 's a pretty good time to get rid of katrice . '' 
 imanuelle paused carefully . 
 `` although , getting rid of her before now would have been even better . 
 would have saved you and your sister a lot of trouble . '' 
 i bit off any snide remarks . 
 `` we ca n't have katrice killed . 
 i 'm pretty sure the instant her people found her dead , jasmine would be next . 
 i need you to sneak in and get jasmine out of there . '' 
 imanuelle 's cocky smile dropped . 
 `` that 's not what i do . 
 i kill . 
 i do n't rescue . '' 
 `` i 'll do the rescuing . 
 you need to get me and kiyo in . 
 disguise us with this so-called power you keep bragging about . 
 or is masking more than one person out of your skill-set ? '' 
 `` i can do it , '' she said , narrowing her eyes . 
 `` but it 'll cost you . '' 
 `` we can afford it , '' i said , trying to ignore the pained look crossing shaya 's face as she no doubt added up mental ledgers . 
 imanuelle said nothing for several moments as she pondered it all . 
 `` just you two ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 and you , of course , '' i added . 
 `` do you have any idea where you 're going in there ? '' 
 she asked . 
 kiyo and i exchanged looks . 
 `` kind of , '' i said . 
 `` kind of . '' 
 imanuelle snorted . 
 `` fine . 
 i 'll do it . 
 but i 'm only there to disguise you . 
 i 'm not fighting if you get caught . '' 
 `` you do n't have to , '' i assured her . 
 `` we 'll protect you . '' 
 we learned more about the full extent of imanuelle 's ability as kiyo and i made our way with her on horseback to the rowan land . 
 her illusions were every bit as good as she 'd demonstrated the first day , and i watched with grudging awe as she transformed kiyo into girard , shaya , and - ack - dorian . 
 the illusions were perfect - and dangerous . 
 i began to fully understand why she was such a good assassin . 
 she really could be whomever she wanted , slipping into high security places without anyone knowing . 
 i was a bit shocked when some part of my brain skipped right past employing her to detaining her . 
 that part of my brain said getting rid of her would be safer for me in the future , and i immediately chastised myself for the idea . 
 imprisoning potential enemies was something storm king would have done . 
 `` it 's not all-powerful , '' she said at one point . 
 i think she was just making idle conversation now , having no clue of my concerns . 
 we 'd crossed into the rowan land now , and she 'd dropped her tricks with kiyo , settling on illusions of bedraggled peasants for all of us . 
 `` doing it for three people takes more power . 
 and even for myself , i ca n't hold up disguises forever . '' 
 she made a small face . 
 `` if i could , i 'd be a spy instead . 
 a lot less messy . '' 
 i said nothing but exchanged brief glances with kiyo behind her back . 
 he too had to have analyzed the implications of her abilities . 
 i was also thinking that when we 'd first tried to rescue jasmine from aeson , our plan had failed because a spy had betrayed us . 
 there was every possibility now that imanuelle could do the same , and i wondered if i 'd been too quick to trust such an unknown quantity . 
 i could only hope love for her brother would keep her loyal to his employer . 
 despite its name , the rowan land was dominated by cherry trees . 
 well , at least that was my impression whenever i crossed through it while journeying to other kingdoms . 
 as we traveled further along roads that delved deeper into katrice 's kingdom , the cherry trees gave way to other plants and trees - including rowans . 
 they were smaller than i 'd expected and laden with berries of their own . 
 this land was really quite nice , temperate and pleasantly warm , with beautiful green landscapes . 
 it would be a shame if i did have to raze it to the ground . 
 we saw signs of katrice 's castle long before the castle itself . 
 other travelers joined us on the road , those whose towns had been caught in the crossfire of war and now sought out food and shelter from their monarch . 
 most were on foot , and we passed them quickly , for which i was glad . 
 i needed no guilt on this journey . 
 we also began seeing soldiers , undoubtedly part of the increased security that rurik had predicted . 
 some were traveling to and from the castle . 
 some were stationed along the way , carefully watching those of us who passed . 
 i held my breath each time , waiting for imanuelle 's illusions to fail us . 
 along with acknowledging her power limits , she 'd also told us some gentry were sensitive to her type of magic and could see through her spells . 
 she 'd told us this halfway through the journey . 
 it was information that kind of would have been useful before setting out . 
 but , although we were scrutinized , the soldiers allowed us to pass , and before long , the castle itself came into view . 
 i paused a moment , admiring it in spite of myself . 
 dorian and i both had dark , blocky stone castles , like norman strongholds left on barren english countryside . 
 maiwenn 's home was elegant and fanciful , always reminding me of a disney movie . 
 katrice 's castle , however , could have been straight out of a postcard from bavaria . 
 it had strong , straight rectangular lines , its sides white and covered with windows . 
 that sturdy boxiness was offset by graceful turrets rising from the center , almost delicate-looking with their pointed black roofs . 
 the land had been rising as we traveled , so it was n't a surprise to see the castle was situated high on one of the foothills leading off into pretty , snowcapped mountains . 
 it had a sweeping view of the area we were approaching from , and a sturdy wall surrounded its immediate grounds . 
 here we came to a stop along with the others seeking admission . 
 we formed a long , clustered line , making me nervous . 
 `` why the backup ? 
 are they refusing people ? '' 
 i asked softly . 
 `` we do n't usually have this many at our gates . '' 
 kiyo peered ahead , his sharp eyes seeing what we could n't . 
 `` no , they 're letting them in , just doing a fair amount of questioning , which is slowing things down . 
 and you 're right - you never have this many because your lands have n't been attacked as much . '' 
 good and bad , i thought . 
 i 'd kept my own people safe , but the war i was waging was devastating homes . 
 it occurred to me i might not have to worry about katrice . 
 if these people discovered who was among them , i might very well be taken down by an angry mob . 
 `` easy , '' murmured imanuelle . 
 `` do n't look nervous . 
 i ca n't hide your expressions . '' 
 i schooled myself to neutrality , hoping i looked blank and exhausted . 
 after almost an hour of restless waiting , our turn came . 
 four guards interrogated us , and we were quick with answers . 
 for our cover story , we 'd chosen a village that had been near a battle dorian 's armies had fought with katrice 's . 
 most of the residents had cleared out before the fighting , but a large part of the village had been destroyed . 
 `` our house was burned to the ground , '' imanuelle said . 
 she did n't even need the illusion of an older , rag-clad woman to be pathetic . 
 her demeanor and voice were filled with perfect , convincing despair . 
 `` our crops were wiped out . '' 
 after a bit more questioning , they let us in , sending us toward what was essentially a gentry breadline . 
 the inner grounds of katrice 's castle were packed with people - most soldiers - and we had to shoulder our way through the crowd to reach the corner where the poor and huddled masses were situated . 
 many appeared to have made this courtyard their temporary home . 
 it looked like a well-used campground . 
 nonetheless , food was on hand , and i was relieved that these victims of war were being cared for . 
 we hovered near the food line so as not to raise suspicion , all the while assessing the area . 
 in particular , our attention rested on the main gates to the castle itself . 
 it was the most heavily guarded spot of all , and i knew then that an outright assault would have indeed been long and bloody . 
 other soldiers moved through the door with little questioning , which was what we 'd hoped for . 
 finding a relatively obscured corner between a tall tent and the wall , we ducked out of sight and let imanuelle work her next spell . 
 she closed her eyes and took a deep breath . 
 a tingle ran over me , and the world blurred . 
 when i could focus on my companions again , i saw myself looking at the guards who had admitted us . 
 `` whoa , wait , '' i said , assuming i probably looked like one of the gate soldiers as well . 
 `` do n't you think we might have a few problems if we run into our clones ? 
 why did n't you make us look like random unknowns ? '' 
 `` because if the other guards do n't recognize us , we 'll get questioned more , '' imanuelle explained . 
 she studied her hands critically , a small smile showing pride in her work . 
 `` i do n't think the ones at the gate are leaving their posts anytime soon . 
 we should n't run into them . '' 
 she spoke confidently , but i had a feeling she was secretly thinking i hope . 
 everyone was too concerned with his or her own affairs to realize that three peasants had ducked away , and three soldiers had emerged . 
 when the refugees saw us , though , they stepped quickly out of our way . 
 no pushing this time . 
 none of us needed lessons on how to behave . 
 whereas our initial entry had been weak and bedraggled , we now walked with the confidence and strength of those who ran this place . 
 we barely hesitated as we moved to the castle 's entrance , and those on guard stepped aside without comment . 
 being inside proved a bit more confusing . 
 we 'd received some information on the castle 's layout , but we did n't know exactly where jasmine was being held . 
 we could n't pause to deliberate , though . 
 we had to keep moving like we had purpose or else attract attention . 
 soldiers and servants hurried around us , and we fell in step with some down a random hall . 
 kiyo , always fast-thinking , stopped a lone , young soldier . 
 `` hey , '' said kiyo brusquely . 
 `` we 've had reports that someone might try to rescue the thorn queen 's sister . '' 
 the soldier 's blue eyes widened . 
 `` what ? 
 we should alert - '' `` no , no , '' kiyo interrupted . 
 `` keep it to yourself . 
 we do n't want to raise suspicion . 
 the outside guard already knows and is on watch . 
 we need to know if she 's been moved or not . 
 there were rumors that she had been . '' 
 i tried not to bite my lip . 
 kiyo sounded like he knew what he was talking about , but this was a dangerous moment . 
 as i 'd worried before , jasmine might not even be held here . 
 there was also a chance that this guard did n't know her location , and we 'd have to keep playing this game with others . 
 the more people we talked to , the riskier our mission became . 
 `` not that i 've heard , '' said the soldier . 
 `` she 's still in the dungeon . '' 
 i breathed a sigh of relief . 
 i 'd half-expected him to say she was in cassius 's bedroom . 
 the dungeons were n't great either , but well ... it was no different than how i 'd initially treated her . 
 i waited for kiyo to demand more details - how many guards were on her , where the dungeons were , et cetera . 
 instead he gave the soldier a curt nod and again warned him to be on alert but not to share his knowledge . 
 `` we needed more info , '' i hissed to kiyo as we continued walking down the hall . 
 whatever her faults , katrice had good interior design sense . 
 floral paintings hung on the walls , and elaborate plants spilled out of vases . 
 the beauty was lost on me , though . 
 `` why 'd you let him go ? '' 
 `` because real guards would already know anything else we wanted to ask , '' he replied . 
 `` asking where the dungeons are would definitely be a tipoff that something was up . '' 
 `` and i already know where they are , '' said imanuelle . 
 both kiyo and i looked at her in surprise . 
 `` downstairs , '' she added . 
 `` dungeons are always downstairs , '' i pointed out . 
 `` have you been to them ? '' 
 asked kiyo . 
 she nodded and crooked us a grin . 
 `` powerful leaders are n't the only ones with prices on their heads . 
 sometimes important prisoners need to disappear too . '' 
 i grimaced at her amusement but was grateful when she got us turned around . 
 with a clear purpose , i grew more and more tense . 
 this was it . 
 what would we find ? 
 no one was giving us a second glance up here , but in the dungeons , we 'd attract attention - especially when we busted out one of their prisoners . 
 our castle faandccedil ; ades might have been different , but katrice and i possessed similar dungeons . 
 dark . 
 gloomy . 
 gray stone walls and torches . 
 it was such a stereotype , but i supposed it helped dampen the hopes of any prisoners . 
 imanuelle led us confidently down flights of stairs and into a long , wide corridor . 
 jasmine 's cell was easy to spot because six guards stood outside it - again , reminiscent of her earlier conditions at my place . 
 `` good luck , '' said imanuelle , falling behind us . 
 she was apparently holding true to her word that this was all on us now . 
 the guards on duty were sharp-eyed and naturally noticed our approach , but none of them reacted with wariness or alarm . 
 a couple displayed curiosity , wondering perhaps if orders had changed , but that was it . 
 kiyo and i had discussed several strategies on our journey and finally decided swift and surprising force would be the way to go . 
 when we were still several feet away , i sent my magic out , pulling in the air like a deep breath and throwing it back at the guards in the form of a gale-worthy wind . 
 it ruffled our hair and brushed our skin , but the blast literally threw the guards off their feet . 
 there were cries of shock , and two went down right then and there from the impact of slamming against the corridor 's end . 
 the other four were up on their feet , three drawing copper swords . 
 fire appeared in the hands of the fourth . 
 i should have expected katrice would put magic-users on jasmine , along with brute force . 
 there was no other time to ponder that , though , because the guy suddenly hurled a fireball at us . 
 i instinctually drew on the surrounding air again , along with its moisture , disintegrating the fire with little effort . 
 kiyo surged forward then , attacking one of the guards . 
 i ran forward as well , my attention focused on another guard as i created a vacuum around him , pulling all air away from him . 
 his eyes widened as he gasped and clutched his throat , trying to draw an impossible breath . 
 i held the magic as one of his colleagues tried to attack me . 
 i dodged the sword , largely because the iron dagger in my hand was making him keep his distance . 
 the guy in the thralls of my magic finally passed out from the lack of oxygen , and i released him , letting him collapse unconscious to the floor . 
 before i could even deal with the other soldier by me , kiyo leapt out and tackled him to the floor . 
 i took this to mean kiyo 's first opponent was out of commission , leaving me with the magic user . 
 not having learned anything the first time , he hurled another fireball at me . 
 i admired his control ; too much would have incinerated everyone in the hall . 
 but with my magic , swatting the fire away was an afterthought for me . 
 he had no weapon out , and i stepped forward , pushing my athame to his throat . 
 he cried out at the sting of the iron , offering no fight as i began drawing away his oxygen too . 
 a realization glinted in his eyes . 
 illusion or no , he must have figured out who would wield air and water so easily - and hold onto iron . 
 `` thorn queen ... '' he gasped out , as the last of his air left him . 
 i saw unconsciousness seizing him , but just before it did , he managed a weak flutter of his hand . 
 no fire came , but i felt an intense wave of heat spread out . 
 it did n't hurt me , but there was a physical power within it , one that rippled the air and made the walls tremble slightly just before he too collapsed to the floor . 
 kiyo and i stood there among the bodies - dead or alive , i did n't know - and glanced at each other and our surroundings carefully . 
 imanuelle still stood back but looked impressed . 
 `` what the hell was that ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i 'm guessing an alarm , '' she said . 
 `` fuck . '' 
 i turned toward jasmine 's cell and saw her huddled in the farthest corner , regarding me with large , wary eyes . 
 water was her true specialty ; she had only slight control over air . 
 nonetheless , she would have felt the strength of the magic i 'd used . 
 like the guard , she knew there were few who could do what i 'd done - but her vision told her it was n't me standing there . 
 i was still under imanuelle 's illusion . 
 kiyo was already searching bodies and soon found a key . 
 we opened the cell , but jasmine did n't move . 
 she did n't look too worse for the wear , but i knew some of the most terrible behaviors rarely left a mark . 
 there was a small tear in her dress and a bruise on her arm that looked like the signs of a struggle , probably during her initial capture . 
 i also noticed they 'd left the fine iron chains on her that girard had created to stunt her magic . 
 my own safeguard had undoubtedly been useful for her captors . 
 i gestured to the door , uneasy about what imanuelle had said about an alarm . 
 `` jasmine , come on . 
 it 's us . 
 me and kiyo . '' 
 `` and by me , '' said kiyo , pointing in my direction , `` she means eugenie . '' 
 jasmine hesitated , looking between our faces . 
 `` how is that possible ? '' 
 imanuelle , who 'd been watching the hall 's entrance , turned hastily toward the cell . 
 `` how do you think ? 
 with magic . 
 look at yourself . '' 
 jasmine 's features rippled , and soon , we were staring at another rowan soldier . 
 jasmine studied her hands in astonishment . 
 the illusion showed no chains , but she would still be able to feel them . 
 `` your ipod 's playlist sucks , '' i said when she continued to hesitate . 
 `` would a gentry guard say that ? '' 
 `` come on , '' urged imanuelle . 
 she 'd been confident she could get herself out of any danger here , but those odds were better if she was n't in a hall that could easily be blocked off if a regiment came tearing toward the entrance . 
 jasmine must have decided this new development could be no worse than her present fate . 
 she jumped up and left the cell , following as the rest of us made for the stairs . 
 we reached the main floor without opposition , but once there , all was chaos . 
 soldiers were running in the direction we 'd come from , and i wondered how long it 'd take them to realize we were the only ones not going toward the dungeons . 
 except ... it turned out that was n't the case . 
 in the confusion , no one stopped us from exiting the front door , but the inner grounds were packed with soldiers . 
 they were cramming terrified refugees into one well-guarded section , and the gates in the outer walls had been shut . 
 `` fuck , '' i said again . 
 it still seemed like the only adequate way to sum up this situation . 
 `` we could jump to the human world , '' said kiyo . 
 `` imanuelle can get out on her own . '' 
 i considered this . 
 it was true . 
 imanuelle could change into a peasant or whatever and escape detection until an opportunity for escape popped up . 
 kiyo 's abilities allowed him to transition with relative ease through the worlds without a gate . 
 i could do it - but not without difficulty . 
 and i needed to use an anchor to draw me back . 
 i had a couple back in my home , but jasmine had nothing like that . 
 she probably could n't jump at random from the otherworld . 
 i was n't even sure if she could with an anchor - and the iron chains made it worse . 
 we could both end up doing serious damage to ourselves . 
 `` we ca n't , '' i said . 
 `` we 've just got to hide out . '' 
 i turned to imanuelle . 
 `` how are you doing ? 
 can you turn us all to peasants again ? '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` we 've got to get out of sight , though . '' 
 her confidence was a small blessing , at least . 
 imanuelle was keeping up four illusions now , and her strength had been a concern in all this , that and someone who would be able to see through - `` it 's her ! 
 it 's the thorn queen ! '' 
 the shrieking voice that suddenly drew all eyes to us did n't come from the soldiers . 
 it came from an old woman among the huddled refugees . 
 she reminded me of masthera , with white hair and wild eyes . 
 she was pointing at us , and there was something in her gaze ... some piercing quality that made me believe she could see straight through the illusions to us . 
 `` damn , '' said imanuelle . 
 there was both fear and hurt pride in her voice . 
 although this had been a possibility , i knew she 'd secretly felt her powers were too strong for detection . 
 maybe the four of us had stretched her magic thin . 
 honestly , i would n't have thought that one shout would be enough to pull attention to us , not in the chaos out there . 
 yet , the woman 's voice brought silence to those nearby . 
 they turned to stare at us , and soon , others who had n't heard her noticed the reactions and fell quiet as well . 
 `` hush , '' snapped a guard , finally breaking the confused silence . 
 he was one of the ones keeping the civilians out of the way . 
 `` we have no time for this . '' 
 the old woman shook her head adamantly . 
 `` ca n't you see ? 
 ca n't you see them ? 
 it 's the thorn queen and her sister ! 
 they 're right there ! '' 
 the guard 's face darkened . 
 `` i told you , we - '' his jaw dropped because that was when the guards who 'd been on gate duty earlier approached . 
 they came to a standstill , staring at us in complete shock . 
 if we had n't panicked over the alarm , one of us probably would have thought to change the illusion so we looked like the unconscious soldiers , not the ones we would have to pass by again . 
 it was a bad , bad oversight , and now everyone could see us and our mirror images . 
 the guard yelling at the old woman might not know what was going on , but he knew something was going on . 
 `` seize them , '' he said . 
 he glanced uneasily at his true colleagues and decided to cover his bases . 
 `` seize them too . '' 
 other soldiers moved toward us unquestioningly . 
 i sized up the numbers . 
 we were good , but i did n't think kiyo and i could take that many in melee . 
 jasmine came to that same conclusion . 
 `` blow them up , '' she said . 
 `` we can blow our way out of here . '' 
 by ` we , ' she meant ` me , ' and i knew she was talking about storms , not explosions . 
 some part of me had already known that was the answer . 
 barely even realizing it , i summoned all my magic , making the beautiful , sunny day in the rowan land quickly fade . 
 black and purple clouds tumbled across the sky at impossible speeds , lightning flashing so close to us that the ground trembled . 
 humidity and ozone filled the air , wind rising and falling . 
 it had come about in a matter of seconds , and the approaching soldiers halted . 
 the old woman 's crazy claim was no longer so crazy in light of that magic . 
 they were all realizing that no matter what their eyes said , the possibility was now very good that eugenie markham truly stood before them . 
 and i might be a wartime enemy , one they needed to capture , but i was also storm king 's daughter , and that was not a title taken lightly . 
 they knew what i could do , and it was enough to freeze up years of training . 
 `` let us pass , '' i said . 
 i began slowly moving toward the gate , my three companions following a moment later . 
 `` let us pass , or i 'll let this storm explode in here . 
 it 's already on the edge . 
 one breath , and i can let it go . '' 
 thunder and lightning crackled above us , driving home my point . 
 there were small screams from some of the crowd . 
 `` do you know what that kind of storm will do in an area this small ? 
 to all of you ? '' 
 `` it will kill them , '' a voice suddenly said . 
 `` horribly . '' 
 i looked over toward the castle 's entrance and saw katrice herself standing there . 
 guards hurried to flank her , but she held up a hand to halt them . 
 it had been a long time since i 'd seen her . 
 all of our antagonistic contact had been through messenger and letter . 
 she looked like she had at our last meeting , black hair laced with silver and dark eyes that scrutinized everything around her . 
 she was in full regal mode too , in silver-gray satin and a small jeweled tiara . 
 but no ... as i studied her , i saw a slight difference . 
 she looked older than the last time we 'd been together . 
 leith 's death and this war had taken their toll . 
 i stared her straight in the eye , my adversary , the cause of so much recent grief in my life . 
 i needed no storm around me because one was breaking out within , winds of fury and anger swirling around and around inside me . 
 `` drop the spell , '' i said to imanuelle , without looking at her . 
 i wanted to be face-to-face with katrice , and honestly , it was n't like my identity was a secret anymore . 
 i felt another tingle , and a few gasps told me i wore my own form now . 
 a small , tight smile crossed katrice 's lips . 
 `` yes , '' she continued , `` you could unleash a storm here . 
 you could destroy a large part of this wall , this castle . 
 you could most certainly destroy all these people - which is what you 're good at , right ? 
 you put on this lofty pose about protecting lives , yet somehow , death always follows you . 
 you leave it in your wake , just as tirigan did . 
 but at least he had no delusions about what he was doing . '' 
 the comparison to my father increased the anger in me . 
 the weather mirrored my reaction , the sky growing darker and the air pressure intensifying . 
 `` go ahead , '' said katrice . 
 `` show me your storm . '' 
 `` you do n't have to kill them , '' said jasmine beside me , voice low . 
 `` just her . '' 
 was she right ? 
 was that all it would take ? 
 i could kill katrice , no question . 
 one unexpected bolt of lightning , and she 'd be gone . 
 if memory served , her magic was similar to shaya 's : a connection and control with plant-life . 
 as a queen , someone with the ability to conquer a land , katrice possessed that power to levels that dwarfed shaya 's . 
 it was probably why the trees and plants here were so beautiful . 
 it was also probably why we had n't been attacked yet . 
 this inner courtyard around the castle was cleared land , hard-packed dirt that facilitated travel for guards , merchants , and other visitors . 
 if we 'd been outside the walls , i would have likely had a forest marching on me by now . 
 `` you can do that too , '' said katrice , still trying to bait me . 
 i could n't tell if she was simply attempting to prolong her life or trying to catch me off guard for some other attack . 
 `` kill me in cold blood . 
 just like you did my son . 
 it 's in your nature . '' 
 `` it 's not cold blood in wartime , '' i growled . 
 `` and your son deserved it . 
 he was a weak , cowardly bastard who had to lie and drug women to get what he wanted . '' 
 this made her flinch slightly , but she did n't hesitate to return the arrow . 
 `` but he did get what he wanted . 
 he got you . 
 he could n't have been that weak . '' 
 those words stung , but before i could respond , a young man slipped into place beside her . 
 his resemblance was so strong to her and leith that there could be no question of his identity : cassius , her nephew . 
 the rage within me doubled . 
 seeing him reminded me of what he 'd most likely done to jasmine . 
 my reason was slipping , replaced by pure fury . 
 `` you should have let this go , '' i told katrice , my voice perfectly level . 
 `` you should have accepted leith 's death as punishment for what he did . 
 an even slate . 
 lives have been lost because of you . 
 more will be now . '' 
 one bolt . 
 one bolt , and she was dead . 
 hell , i could probably take out cassius with it too . 
 `` eugenie , '' said kiyo . 
 `` do n't . 
 do n't do it . '' 
 `` what else am i supposed to do ? '' 
 i breathed , out of the others ' earshot . 
 `` i warned you before there would be consequences . 
 please listen to me this time , '' he begged . 
 `` there will be again . '' 
 `` what do you expect me to do ? '' 
 my voice was louder . 
 i did n't care who heard . 
 `` this is wartime . 
 i kill their leader . 
 i win . 
 otherwise , i let hell loose in here , and these people die . 
 which do you want , kiyo ? 
 pick - or else find another way . '' 
 he did n't respond , but katrice 's tight smile grew at seeing dissent within my ranks . 
 `` no options but death . 
 you are tirigan 's daughter . 
 i 'm glad now that leith did n't get you with child . 
 his plan seemed wise at first , but it 's better my exalted bloodline is n't mingled with yours - though the gods know how much leith tried . 
 he told me about it . 
 often . 
 ah , well . 
 i suppose we 'll know soon how cassius fared ... '' her gaze lingered slightly on jasmine beside me . 
 imanuelle had dropped all our disguises . 
 `` eugenie - '' jasmine tried to speak , but i did n't want to listen . 
 `` are you trying to get yourself killed ? '' 
 i demanded of katrice . 
 each word was harsh , almost impossible to get out . 
 i was changing my mind about the lightning . 
 i was remembering how i 'd killed aeson , literally blowing him apart by ripping the water from his body . 
 there were so many ways to kill her , so many ways to bring about humiliation . 
 katrice gave a small shrug , and despite that smug attitude , i saw a pang of regret in her eyes . 
 `` i have a feeling i 'll die one way or another today . 
 i just want everyone to know the truth about you before i do . '' 
 i froze . 
 i 'd told kiyo to give me another option , and he 'd had none . 
 but there was one other . 
 `` the truth , '' i said slowly , reaching toward my backpack , `` is that you are n't going to die today . 
 but you 'll wish you had . '' 
 i can only assume what happened next was born out of pure emotion , out of the anger and despair her words about me and jasmine had evoked . 
 situational adrenaline probably played a role too , and ... well , maybe there was something in my genes after all . 
 i pulled the iron crown from my backpack . 
 katrice turned white , all cockiness gone . 
 those who recognized the crown displayed similar fear , audible and visible . 
 others just stared curiously . 
 `` no , '' she gasped . 
 `` no . 
 please do n't . '' 
 i think until that moment , she had n't truly believed i had the crown . 
 i also think that had i demanded it , she would 've named whatever terms of surrender i wanted . 
 but i did n't want simple surrender . 
 i wanted suffering . 
 i wanted her to suffer , just as i had . 
 so many ways to bring about humiliation ... i placed the crown on my head , and somehow - maybe it was part of its magic - i knew exactly what to do . 
 the iron athame was still in my hand , and i crouched down with it . 
 katrice dropped to her knees too , but it was in supplication . 
 `` please , '' she begged again , tears in her eyes . 
 `` anything . 
 i 'll do anything you want . '' 
 `` you 're right , '' i said . 
 `` you will . '' 
 it really felt like that , like i was killing a living thing . 
 and in a way , i was . 
 i was destroying the land 's connection to katrice . 
 the land and its monarch are one . 
 kind of an esoteric concept ... but , well , the truth . 
 i 'd certainly felt it in the thorn land . 
 it was why i could n't ever stay away from that kingdom for very long . 
 it called to me . 
 it was part of me . 
 and so , i was essentially cutting a living thing in two . 
 white-hot power burned through me as i did , the crown 's magic connecting with my own and pouring into the dirt below . 
 i had little sense of my surroundings , save katrice screaming . 
 below me , in a spiritual sort of way , i could feel the land resisting at first . 
 it did n't want to break its ties . 
 in the end , it had no choice . 
 the crown 's magic was too strong . 
 seconds , minutes , hours ... i do n't know how long it took , probably hardly any time at all . 
 but suddenly , it was done . 
 the crown 's power faded from me , and the land lay there open and unclaimed . 
 raw and wounded . 
 as the magic 's haze wore off , the rest of the world slowly shifted back into focus for me . 
 i stared around at the gaping faces and at katrice , huddled and sobbing . 
 i thought she 'd aged before , but it was nothing compared to now . 
 being ripped from the land had devastated her . 
 her dark hair was almost all gray now , her face gaunt and lined . 
 and all around ... all around , the land was restless . 
 i could feel its energy , calling out ... reaching out ... yearning for a new master . 
 hardly any of the people gathered showed any recognition of this . 
 they were still watching the drama of me and katrice . 
 a few spectators had puzzled looks on their faces , as though they too could hear the land . 
 it was because they were powerful enough to take it , i realized . 
 the land was already seeking those who possessed the strength to join with it , and looking up , i saw from cassius 's face that he could sense that . 
 katrice 's son had n't had the power to claim a kingdom , but her nephew did . 
 so , for my next impulsive act of the day , i stuck my free hand into the ground . 
 just like the last time , soil that started off hard and ungiving soon grew soft and warm . 
 my hand sank into the earth , and i was welcomed , as though someone were clasping my hand in return . 
 warmth filled my body , a comforting warmth very different from the crown 's searing heat . 
 i closed my eyes , striving to stay with that connection , to show i was worthy . 
 part of me was already given over to the thorn land . 
 i had to fight to claim this land as well . 
 then , i felt it ... i felt the land accept me . 
 and as it did , the ground began to shake . 
 at first , i thought it was just some aftereffect of the magic , but then i remembered what had happened when the thorn land had bound itself to me . 
 the land took on the form that spoke to my soul , that was natural and right to me . 
 aeson 's former kingdom had shaped itself into the sonora desert , the land of my birth . 
 the rowan land was trying to do the same thing . 
 no , no ! 
 not again . 
 a semi-tropical kingdom transforming into a desert had wreaked havoc on its residents . 
 we 'd faced starvation , drought , poverty ... it was only recently that the kingdom had gotten on its feet again , becoming prosperous and self-sustaining . 
 i would n't go through that again . 
 frantically , i tried to think of some other form . 
 but what ? 
 i hardly ever left the southwestern united states . 
 a quick image of the catalina mountains flashed into my mind , the slopes snowy and pine-covered like the day kiyo and i had fought the demon . 
 i could feel the land start to grip that picture , and i yanked it away . 
 this kingdom had some small mountains , but that was a tiny percentage of its terrain . 
 i could n't turn this place into switzerland or nepal . 
 stay the same , stay the same , i begged the land . 
 for the sake of its occupants , i needed the landscape to remain unchanged . 
 it was difficult , though . 
 the land wanted to bond to me , to what was ingrained within my soul . 
 thinking back to the journey here , i tried to picture the rows and rows of cherry trees along the road . 
 i remembered the sun shining through other deciduous trees and flowers growing in clusters . 
 i thought about the stretch of rowan trees . 
 stay the same , stay the same . 
 gradually , the earth around me began to slow its shaking and finally stop - except for one spot . 
 not far from where i rested my hand , the ground cracked open and leaves and branches burst through . 
 i scurried back , watching in as much awe as i had the first time a magical tree burst forth , growing and unfurling its leaves to full-size in seconds . 
 i held my breath , wondering what it would be , this tree that dictated my new kingdom 's nature . 
 it was ... a rowan tree . 
 i was n't the only one who thought this was weird . 
 `` did n't you claim it ? '' 
 asked jasmine , puzzled . 
 i rose to my feet beside her , brushing dust off of my jeans . 
 `` i ... '' had i ? 
 that was a rowan tree , making this - by all otherworldly reasoning - the rowan land . 
 which is what it had been already . 
 maybe it had n't worked . 
 maybe the crown had n't done what i expected it to . 
 maybe katrice had won it back somehow . 
 but , no . 
 there it was . 
 i felt it . 
 the land . 
 the earth . 
 the rocks . 
 every leaf and flower . 
 the scents , the colors ... they were all sharper and more intense . 
 if i opened myself up , i could feel every single piece of this land . 
 it hummed . 
 it buzzed . 
 the energy was dizzying , and i forced myself to shut it out for a moment . 
 `` no , '' i told jasmine , wonderingly . 
 `` it 's mine . '' 
 i stared at the rowan tree , more perfect than any real one could be , its orange-colored berries bright against green leaves swaying in the breeze . 
 i reached out and stroked one of the leaves , vaguely aware of katrice still sobbing . 
 a tingle of power ran through me . 
 `` it 's still the rowan land ... except , it 's my rowan land . '' 
 things were a little awkward after that . 
 the soldiers were no longer trying to imprison me , but they also were n't ready to jump at my every order . 
 my companions were of little use . 
 imanuelle , per her nature , was content to sit back and watch the mess i 'd stumbled into . 
 kiyo wore a disapproving look on his face , and i feared i 'd have a lecture coming later . 
 jasmine still seemed to be in shock . 
 the only time she came to life was when i debated what to do with katrice and cassius . 
 unsurprisingly , jasmine 's suggestion was to kill them . 
 `` confine them to her rooms , '' i ordered , hoping someone would obey me . 
 `` guard them with ... '' i was kind of at a loss . 
 theoretically , gentry knew how this worked . 
 whoever controlled the land ruled , but i was n't entirely sure the guards around here would be so keen about imprisoning the woman who had ruled them ten minutes ago . 
 volusian , i thought . 
 now that i was in control , i could summon him without fear . 
 then , i realized i needed him for more important things . 
 i looked pleadingly at kiyo , needing no words . 
 he nodded . 
 `` i 'll watch them . '' 
 he turned abruptly , urging the former royalty inside with a couple of guards who 'd decided to get on board with me right away . 
 kiyo being on guard served two purposes . 
 i could trust him to do a good job - and , the longer he did , the longer i was safe from his disapproval . 
 i then spoke the words to bring volusian to me , the sight of him further frightening those who already watched me with terror . 
 i 'd let the storm dissipate , but darkness still seemed to wrap around my minion as his red eyes assessed me , the iron crown , and the tree . 
 `` unexpected , '' he said . 
 `` go to rurik , '' i told him . 
 `` explain what happened and have him bring an occupying force here immediately . '' 
 i did n't know what that meant exactly , but i did know military control took precedence here if we were going to secure the land . 
 rurik would know what to do . 
 governing would come later . 
 `` and then ... '' now i hesitated . 
 `` have shaya contact dorian about what happened . 
 then return to me . '' 
 volusian paused , waiting for anything else i might add . 
 when nothing more came , he vanished , and the sun seemed to shine a little brighter . 
 it was all a waiting game now , and i glanced around at the rowan land 's still-stunned residents . 
 `` well ... that 's it . 
 carry on as usual . 
 guard the gates . 
 no one leaves . 
 and you ... go get your soup or ... whatever you 're eating . '' 
 that was for the civilians . 
 when no one moved , i hardened my expression and repeated my orders more loudly . 
 fear flashed across the rowan citizens ' faces , and they sprang into action . 
 this inner courtyard was huge , and i spotted an unoccupied spot near some carts that must have delivered supplies earlier . 
 i walked over to them , jasmine following , and sat on the ground . 
 it was a weird spot for a queen , i supposed , but i wanted to rest while waiting for rurik . 
 plus , it still let me keep an eye on this delicate and dangerous situation . 
 the bulk of the guards were out here , and i did n't think mutiny was out of the question yet . 
 people were moving after my commands , but it was mostly to gather in anxious clusters and discuss what had happened . 
 jasmine sighed and leaned her head back against the wall . 
 `` i want to go home , '' she said . 
 `` we will . 
 as soon as rurik gets here , we 'll head back to the castle and let him deal with this . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 her voice was small . 
 `` my other home . 
 the human world . '' 
 i turned to her in astonishment , dragging my gaze from some peasants who were begging the guards to let them out . 
 `` what ? 
 but you hate that world . 
 you always said this is where you fit in . '' 
 `` it is , '' she agreed . 
 `` but i just want ... i want to get away from all this for a little while . 
 from magic . 
 and castles . 
 and ... whatever . 
 i want to watch tv . 
 i maybe want to see wil . 
 i want to charge my ipod . 
 and my playlist does n't suck . '' 
 i could n't help a laugh . 
 `` i kind of want all those things too . 
 we 'll go soon . 
 we 'll ... we 'll cut those chains . 
 i-i 'm sorry i do n't have the key with me . '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` it 's fine . '' 
 `` kiyo 's going to be upset about all this , '' i murmured , surprised to be confiding in her . 
 `` you did the right thing , '' jasmine said . 
 `` i mean , aside from not killing katrice and cassius . 
 but you can still do that . '' 
 any residual smile left on my lips vanished . 
 `` cassius ... '' `` they were lying , '' she said bluntly . 
 `` he did n't do anything . '' 
 `` jasmine ... '' `` i 'm serious . '' 
 she looked at me , her blue-gray gaze level and steady . 
 `` he talked a lot of talk when he came to see me ... touched me a little . 
 but that was it . 
 i think they just wanted to scare me . '' 
 she did n't elaborate on the touching . 
 i did n't ask . 
 i was just relieved she had n't gone through what i had . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i told her . 
 `` i 'm sorry i did n't protect you better . '' 
 now she smiled . 
 `` you did fine . 
 and hey , you ended the war , right ? 
 you won . '' 
 i turned away , staring off into space . 
 `` i guess i did . '' 
 we did n't talk much after that . 
 i was tired , exhausted from all the magic . 
 apparently , using an ancient , powerful artifact was n't as easy as it seemed . 
 neither was proving your dominance over a large piece of land . 
 i 'd felt wiped out last time but had gotten out of the thorn land as quickly as possible . 
 now , sitting here , i was stuck in the rowan land , still acutely aware of its every sensation . 
 that intensity would fade , just as it had with the thorn land , but for now , it was like a hammer banging inside my head , demanding attention . 
 i practically flew to the gate when rurik arrived . 
 once admitted , he and the force behind him paused . 
 studying the situation , he had a reaction similar to volusian 's . 
 `` really ? '' 
 `` things happened kind of fast , '' i admitted . 
 `` it was well done . 
 possessing this land was a much better idea than simply defeating katrice in battle . '' 
 i scowled . 
 `` well , can you possess it for now ? '' 
 he grinned . 
 `` gladly . '' 
 turning from me , he fixed a hard gaze on those gathered . 
 `` you 're all now subjects of queen eugenie , daughter of tirigan storm king , '' he barked . 
 `` kneel . '' 
 i looked on imperiously as they obeyed . 
 i knew this was necessary to establish our control . 
 no weakness , no hesitation . 
 we were conquerors . 
 i 'd long since taken off the iron crown but wished i 'd brought my normal one of authority . 
 oh , well . 
 it was n't like i could 've foreseen this when packing . 
 everyone in the keep fell to their knees , heads bowed . 
 we let them stay like that for several seconds while my stomach sank . 
 finally , they were allowed to rise , and rurik kicked into full martial law mode , demanding an assessment of all soldiers and issuing rules for servants and refugees . 
 he had a few tasks for me - more actions that made me seem queenly - before finally declaring i could leave . 
 `` i 'll sort out the immediate problems , '' he told me in a low voice . 
 my own soldiers were now out and about , establishing order . 
 `` we 'll lock this place down , start scouting the immediate area , sifting out those who can be trusted . '' 
 he paused eloquently . 
 `` i 'll probably have to throw a large part of their military into the dungeon . '' 
 `` do what you have to do , '' i said . 
 i had a feeling he 'd eventually want to talk executions but was holding back for now . 
 i imagined i looked as tired as i felt . 
 `` and you simply want to imprison the former queen for now ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` for now . '' 
 jasmine scoffed beside me , and rurik 's expression showed he shared her opinion . 
 `` well , do n't stay away long , '' he said . 
 `` you need to make your presence felt . 
 and you need to connect with the land . '' 
 `` i know , i know , '' i grumbled . 
 i 'd avoided the thorn land before , but it had kept calling me back . 
 `` i know how this works . '' 
 he arched an eyebrow , that sardonic smile of his returning . 
 `` do you ? 
 do you know what 's happened ? '' 
 i threw my hands up , gesturing around . 
 `` i got stuck with another kingdom . '' 
 `` do you know how many other monarchs control more than one kingdom ? '' 
 i shook my head , presuming whoever did must live far from me . 
 `` no one , '' said rurik . 
 `` i ... what ? 
 no . '' 
 dorian had mentioned conquering more than one land , making me think it must happen now and then . 
 the iron crown 's purpose suggested as much . 
 `` there must be someone else . '' 
 `` no one , '' rurik repeated . 
 `` you 're the only one . 
 the only one in ages ... well , except for storm king . '' 
 the world swayed around me again . 
 i once more just wanted to go somewhere and lie down . 
 my reaction brought a bigger smile to rurik 's face , but i swore there was a little sympathy in his eyes too . 
 it took awhile before kiyo , jasmine , and i could return to tucson . 
 we had to go to the thorn land , of course , where shaya and the others asked me all sorts of questions about what had happened and what i wanted to do . 
 kiyo and even jasmine provided most of the answers for me because honestly , i was n't sure what i wanted now . 
 the only thing i had the real sense to do was demand jasmine 's key and unlock her chains . 
 she stared at her freed hands wonderingly , stroking her wrists . 
 i nearly left the chains and key in the castle but soon reconsidered and took them with me to the human world . 
 she 'd never seen my house before and regarded it with approval as we entered . 
 all was quiet , and the empty driveway made me confident i would n't find tim and lara holed up in his bedroom again . 
 evidence of their `` love , '' however , was still obvious . 
 `` damn them , '' i said , gingerly picking a red lace bra off of the couch and tossing it down the hall toward tim 's room . 
 `` i 'm going to have to sanitize this thing . 
 probably every other piece of furniture too . '' 
 `` you have pop-tarts ! '' 
 jasmine had n't made it to the living room . 
 she 'd stopped in the kitchen , opening every drawer and cupboard she could find . 
 `` and apple jacks ! 
 peanut butter , ranch dressing , saltines ... '' i was surprised that last one excited her so much , but after a couple years eating gentry food , even the most mundane human cuisine was probably exciting . 
 `` oh ! '' 
 she exclaimed . 
 `` can i have one of your milky ways ? '' 
 `` sure . 
 have whatever you want . '' 
 her eyes were wide as she tore into the package , and both kiyo and i watched her with smiles on our faces , like proud parents on christmas morning . 
 although they did n't sound good to me right now , milky ways were normally my candy bar of choice . 
 from the way she was consuming hers , jasmine appeared to share that family trait . 
 she completed her sugar rush with a can of coke and then made herself at home on the couch . 
 watching her reach eagerly for the remote control , i decided it was best not to mention the amorous activities that had likely occurred where she sat . 
 she flipped through the channels in continued amazement . 
 it was evening - prime time entertainment - and the emotions on her face were transparent as she stumbled across old and new shows alike . 
 `` you want me to see if i can find anything that fits you ? '' 
 i asked . 
 she might have slipped back easily to human behaviors , but she still wore a long , flowing gentry-style gown . 
 `` sure , '' she said , not looking up from the screen . 
 kiyo followed me into my bedroom . 
 `` you think she 's safe out there ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` alone ? '' 
 `` yeah , i do actually . '' 
 jasmine and i were n't the same size , but i found some drawstring shorts that would likely fit . 
 `` i do n't know why ... but i feel like i can trust her . '' 
 `` be careful , '' he warned , sitting on the bed 's edge . 
 `` for all we know , she was happy to be captured and have cassius throw himself at her . '' 
 `` he did n't do anything . '' 
 i found the smallest t-shirt i could ; her frame was more slender than mine . 
 `` so she says . '' 
 i sighed and faced him . 
 `` kiyo , you 've got to trust me . 
 i ca n't explain it , but she 's telling the truth . 
 is she going to turn into a normal teen and forget about her plans to have storm king 's heir ? 
 unlikely . 
 but for now , she 's in shock and not dangerous . '' 
 `` if you think so . 
 just be careful , eug . 
 you 've been tricked by people you 've trusted before . '' 
 `` surprise , surprise . 
 a slam on dorian . '' 
 i crossed my arms , holding the clothes to my chest . 
 `` soon to be followed by a lecture on seizing the rowan land . '' 
 i 'd been bracing myself since it all happened , but during the ensuing damage control , he 'd held back . 
 i appreciated that but still dreaded the inevitable . 
 `` actually , '' he said , `` no . '' 
 `` no ? '' 
 i 'd started to take a step toward the doorway and froze . 
 he laughed , though there was n't much humor in it . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` but i just thought ... well , after last time ... you were n't very happy about the thorn land ... '' that small smile faded . 
 `` no . 
 and it 's not like i 'm happy about this . 
 but the truth is , you did find a - relatively - bloodless way to end all of this . 
 when we were out there , you asked me what other solution could fix things . 
 i did n't have an answer . 
 you did . 
 it 's not great ... but it did n't kill katrice or those other people . 
 it did n't get you captured . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` not ideal , no , but better than the alternatives . '' 
 i leaned back against the wall , still shocked at his reaction . 
 `` if it makes you feel better , it 's not like i wanted this either . 
 i wanted to sneak in and out and get jasmine . '' 
 he nodded , but there was a sharp look in his eyes . 
 `` and yet , you brought the crown . '' 
 i had n't mentioned that to him when we first set out to the rowan land . 
 `` her note said she did n't believe i had it ! 
 i was hoping waving it around might do something to help us . '' 
 he stayed quiet . 
 `` do n't look at me like that ! 
 you ca n't believe i planned to use it . '' 
 `` i do believe you . '' 
 he approached me and rested his hands on my shoulders . 
 `` and i 'll help you in any way you need . '' 
 something inside my chest released , and i leaned into him , taking comfort in his warmth and the security he offered . 
 `` thank you . 
 i 'm definitely going to need you . '' 
 kiyo pressed a kiss to my forehead . 
 `` i 'm here . '' 
 i felt a small smile pull at my lips , though as with his earlier laughter , i did n't really find the situation funny . 
 `` i suppose if there is a silver lining here , maybe i can do a better job ruling the rowan land than she did . 
 some sort of greater good . '' 
 to my surprise , his hold on me stiffened , and he stepped back . 
 the smile he offered me looked tight . 
 `` maybe . '' 
 we went back out to jasmine , who was still riveted to the tv . 
 the only acknowledgment we got was when i handed her the clothes , and she examined them . 
 `` what 's ` the clash ' mean ? '' 
 i ignored the blasphemy - and kiyo 's obvious amusement at my pain . 
 `` if you want to shower , everything you 'll need is in the bathroom . 
 towels , shampoo . '' 
 that too got her attention . 
 `` a shower ... oh , man . 
 i 've missed showers . '' 
 `` will you two be okay ? '' 
 asked kiyo , all signs of his earlier discomfort gone . 
 `` i need to take care of a few things . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` we 're fine . 
 will you be back soon ? '' 
 `` as soon as i can . '' 
 he kissed me again , this time on my lips . 
 i must have worn another pained expression because he cupped my chin , his brown eyes full of love and compassion . 
 `` it 's going to be okay , eugenie . 
 everything will be okay . '' 
 i nodded once more and watched wistfully as he left . 
 i wanted his arms around me again , to hold me and let me escape this mess . 
 a small part of me would n't have minded dorian 's arms either . 
 i sat beside jasmine , whose attention was back on some reality show . 
 `` he 's running off to maiwenn , you know . '' 
 her gaze did n't move . 
 `` off to report on what happened . '' 
 my ire started to rise at her accusation , except ... i had a feeling she was right . 
 even if there was no more romance between them , he was still devoted to her . 
 the recent developments were going to rock the otherworld , and she 'd want the story straight from him . 
 i wondered how she 'd take it ; she 'd always feared my becoming like my father . 
 `` probably , '' i admitted . 
 i rubbed my eyes . 
 `` god , i 'm so exhausted . 
 i feel like i could fall over . '' 
 this time jasmine turned to me . 
 there was n't exactly sympathy in her face , but something surprisingly close . 
 `` no shit . 
 you just stole a kingdom and took it over . '' 
 `` it sounds so ugly when you phrase it that way . '' 
 she shrugged and looked back at the tv . 
 `` you 'll probably do a better job . '' 
 her words echoed my earlier comment to kiyo . 
 `` you know , '' she added conversationally , `` everyone acts like our dad was such a bastard , like he just wanted more power . 
 i mean , he did , but you know what aeson told me ? 
 he said that storm king was always talking about how he could do a better job too , that the other monarchs were n't as good . 
 he said he was doing the people a favor . '' 
 i froze , unable to respond . 
 that was why kiyo had reacted the way he did earlier . 
 he 'd heard that about storm king 's `` good intentions , '' i realized . 
 i 'd expressed exactly the same sentiment as my father . 
 jasmine did n't notice the effect of her words and instead jumped subjects in that easy , short-attention-span way of hers . 
 `` hey , do you think you could get wil to come over ? 
 i want to see him . '' 
 `` sure , '' i murmured automatically . 
 my mind was still lost in her earlier words . 
 `` sure . '' 
 wil was surprised to hear from me the next morning , more surprised still when i told him the reason i was calling . 
 he said he 'd be over in five minutes . 
 jasmine had asked that he come alone after i 'd mentioned he now had a girlfriend . 
 still , she 'd been curious . 
 `` seriously ? 
 what 's she like ? '' 
 i thought back to my one meeting with wil 's ladylove . 
 once i 'd banished the monsters living in their house , she had n't shut up about conspiracy theories and assorted coverups . 
 `` exactly like him , '' i 'd replied to jasmine . 
 the reunion between brother and sister was strange . 
 they stood there awkwardly , both staring at each other and assessing all the ways they 'd changed . 
 then , with no communication , they hugged each other . 
 jasmine 's face was filled with legitimate emotion , and for once , wil did n't seem like the crazy , paranoid guy he usually was . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 he asked her , voice trembling . 
 `` i 've missed you so much . '' 
 jasmine swallowed , and i was pretty sure there were tears in her eyes . 
 `` i ... i missed you too . '' 
 and it was the truth . 
 she 'd told me once she did n't care about this world - or about the half brother who 'd raised her . 
 but she did . 
 this whole time , despite her otherworldly plans for domination , she 'd always loved him . 
 things grew increasingly bizarre when it became obvious the two were n't quite sure what to do with each other . 
 wil did n't chastise her for her absence , and at last , she simply asked if he wanted to hang out and watch tv . 
 i think that was partly because it provided a concrete activity and partly because she 'd become obsessed with making up for lost tv time . 
 i kept my distance but could n't help a small , envious feeling as they sat on the couch . 
 jasmine leaned her head against her big brother 's shoulder , and i became acutely aware of the emptiness in my own family life . 
 i had n't heard from my mom or roland since getting the referral to enrique . 
 the closest i had to any familial connection was those goddamn kingdoms i ruled . 
 just as the thorn land had always called to me , the rowan land now did too , leaving such an ache within me that i practically felt nauseous . 
 rurik had been right . 
 i would n't be able to stay away . 
 but first things first . 
 thinking of enrique reminded me i was due for an update . 
 retreating to my bedroom , i dialed his number and hoped he was up this early . 
 `` miss markham , '' he said after just one ring . 
 caller id left no surprises anymore . 
 `` always a delight . '' 
 `` i 'm sure . 
 what are you doing with the case right now ? '' 
 `` nothing . '' 
 `` nothing ? '' 
 i exclaimed . 
 irritation rose within me . 
 i was n't paying him to sit around , especially after he 'd gotten so close . 
 `` nope , '' he said cheerfully . 
 `` it 's out of my hands . 
 i found what i needed , proved that deanna jones did n't buy the gun . 
 from what i hear , the police are searching cal jones 's house right now and questioning him . 
 far be it from me to get in the way of the fine men in blue . '' 
 finally , some good news ... well , at least as the case 's progress went . 
 it would n't be easy on deanna to learn the truth about her husband . 
 `` and women , '' i said . 
 `` there are probably women in blue there too . '' 
 `` if you say so . '' 
 `` thanks , enrique . 
 i really appreciate it . 
 i honestly did n't think it could be done . '' 
 `` do n't get all emotional , '' he said in that brisk way of his . 
 `` at least not until you see the bill . '' 
 we disconnected . 
 attitude or no , enrique had been a good call on roland 's part ... which once again brought about the sadness over the turn in my parental relationship . 
 well . 
 nothing to do for it at the moment , not with all my other problems . 
 and anyway , i had a loose end that could now be wrapped up . 
 taking out my wand , i closed my eyes and cast a minor summoning spell , calling to deanna . 
 i had no control over her but she 'd responded to my call before - particularly since she was always on edge listening for it . 
 after several minutes and no results , i gave up and sadly suspected she was n't coming because she already knew the truth . 
 as eager as she 'd been to get answers , it would n't have surprised me if she 'd been following enrique around while he worked . 
 she might have discovered for herself what her husband had done . 
 if so , i hoped she 'd now move on to the underworld and seek peace , rather than staying restless and sad in this world . 
 there was enough suffering here already . 
 i tried as hard as i could the next couple days to stay away from the otherworld . 
 wil visited off and on , and jasmine and i began doing mundane yet enjoyable activities , like seeing movies and shopping for clothes for her . 
 tim and lara often appeared , still in the throes of their love , and kiyo returned with reports about the otherworld , reassuring me that my kingdom 's control of the rowan land was progressing smoothly . 
 and at night , he came to my bed , and i found the return of our fierce sex life went a long way toward taking my mind off my laundry list of problems . 
 but finally , i had to give in . 
 the call to my lands was too strong , and even kiyo admitted that with my new and fragile hold on the rowan land , i needed to visit and connect with it to reinforce our bond . 
 by that point , i needed no urging . 
 my own body was telling me as much . 
 i still felt weak and drained , my dreams haunted by cacti and cherry trees . 
 i took jasmine with me . 
 our relationship was n't quite sound enough yet for me to leave her alone . 
 she drew the line at going to the rowan land , however , insisting she would stay in the thorn land until my return . 
 i had no problem with that , knowing she was secure there . 
 kiyo was still going with me , and shaya caught us before we could leave . 
 `` there 's a few things you should probably know , '' she said uneasily . 
 her nervousness was likely due to the fact that i hated being troubled with the day-to-day running of a kingdom - in this case , kingdoms . 
 something about the fear in her eyes told me she also knew i would n't like what she had to say . 
 i sighed . 
 `` go ahead . '' 
 `` i ... i 've heard from king dorian a number of times . '' 
 kiyo shifted uncomfortably beside me , and i felt that familiar prickle of anger run down my spine . 
 all the memories of dorian 's lying and betrayal came back to me . 
 it stung all the worse because in the end , he 'd gotten exactly what he wanted : the iron crown had done its job . 
 he probably wanted me to take still more lands . 
 `` what 's he want ? '' 
 i demanded . 
 `` the war 's over . 
 we 're no longer in a partnership . '' 
 `` well , that 's just it . 
 since you are - were - allies in the war , he says he deserves some of the spoils of your victory . '' 
 `` he ... what ? '' 
 my fury increased . 
 `` he does n't deserve anything . 
 i was the one who won and used the crown . '' 
 she nodded , still looking like she wished she could be anywhere else . 
 `` yes ... but he argues that he was the one who sent you to get the crown . 
 and that his armies lost as many lives as yours . '' 
 that last point silenced me . 
 his soldiers had fought with mine . 
 his people 's families mourned those casualties as much as mine ... and for what ? 
 to fight against a slight that had nothing to do with them , not really . 
 i did n't owe dorian anything , of that i was certain , but i was indebted to his subjects . 
 when i did n't respond , shaya continued . 
 `` some of his people are also helping hold the rowan land . '' 
 `` oh , are they ? '' 
 of course dorian would have swooped in . 
 `` i never asked for that . '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` nonetheless , you need it . 
 many are still having trouble accepting your rule . 
 there 's a lot of seething resentment . 
 no violence has broken out yet - but that 's largely because of the sizable presence rurik sent to keep control . 
 dorian 's helping with that . '' 
 i 'd meditated with the thorn land as soon as i 'd arrived , making me feel a little better , but the pressure and continued political complications were already draining me . 
 i was n't meant for this . 
 `` what 's he want ? 
 half the kingdom ? '' 
 `` no . 
 trade . 
 tribute . 
 the rowan land is a huge food producer , and he wants part of that . '' 
 `` that does n't sound so bad , '' i said tentatively . 
 `` i 'm guessing he wants it at low , low prices , '' said kiyo , speaking up for the first time . 
 shaya nodded . 
 `` he does . 
 and he 's entitled to it to a certain extent . 
 but his current demands are extreme enough that it could endanger the rowan land 's economy . 
 maybe that 's not an issue . 
 it all depends on what you want for them . '' 
 i thought about the refugees at the gates . 
 what did i want for those people ? 
 i wanted them to prosper . 
 i wanted things to return to normal . 
 `` can you negotiate with him to something in the middle ? '' 
 i asked shaya . 
 `` most likely . '' 
 `` then do it . '' 
 she bowed her head in acknowledgment , and i knew that 's what she 'd already known had to be done . 
 she was simply giving me my dues as queen , going through the motions and reminding everyone that ultimately , i still held the authority around here . 
 when kiyo and i finally made it to the rowan land , i felt the land 's relief and welcome . 
 its energy burned into mine , strengthening me . 
 at the castle , we saw little sign of the rowan military but plenty of mine and dorian 's . 
 they were stationed everywhere , keeping the order shaya had told me about . 
 they bowed low when they saw me , their actions mirrored by the kingdom 's citizens . 
 only , katrice 's subjects did n't bow out of respect and deference . 
 there was fear in their eyes , confusion in some , and an obvious show among a few that their actions were forced . 
 rurik was still in residence , personally overseeing the occupation . 
 i felt secure in his control and listened as he explained what needed to be done next . 
 i understood it only a little better than the economics shaya had pushed on me , the main point being i 'd need a governing body here soon . 
 picking that staff would be a problem . 
 shaya was one in a million , but even she could n't be in two places at once . 
 seeing my dismay , rurik hesitantly added that dorian had offered to provide people for the job . 
 my expression at those words gave rurik all the answer he needed . 
 the rowan land 's energy continued to flow into me when i set out to have my meditation session with it . 
 the nature of the connection was similar to what i had with the thorn land , but the kingdom 's feel was totally different . 
 the thorn land was harsh - filled with life , yes , but life that fought fiercely against the elements for survival . 
 the rowan land was softer , its life bursting forth easily and radiating through its many trees and plants . 
 `` eugenie , '' said kiyo , following me out to a small garden behind the castle . 
 `` look . '' 
 i paused and glanced behind me . 
 where i 'd walked , flowers had blossomed , small red ones scattered throughout the grassy path . 
 i knelt down , inhaling their heady scent . 
 `` why 's it happening ? '' 
 `` you 're its ruler . 
 you 're giving the land life and energy . '' 
 i thought about how being here had made me feel marginally better . 
 `` it 's strengthening me too ... but this does n't happen in the thorn land . 
 i do n't have that kind of effect . '' 
 `` do n't you ? '' 
 he teased , a mischievous smile on his face . 
 `` you make it rain ... '' a memory came to me of when the thorn land had floundered in drought . 
 while connecting with the land , i 'd had sex with kiyo , and the energy from that union had empowered the kingdom , breaking the dry spell and sending much-needed rain that made the people and plants flourish . 
 i smiled back at him . 
 `` looks like we do n't have to worry about that today . 
 this land does n't need as much help . '' 
 he slipped an arm around my waist and pulled me to him , voice husky . 
 `` but imagine the results if we did . 
 extra credit . '' 
 leaning down , he brought his lips to mine , his tongue pushing into my mouth with a rough passion . 
 i felt my body answer , and for a moment , the offer was tempting . 
 i pictured what it would be like to make love among all this greenery , here in the sunshine . 
 would a bed of red flowers fill the ground below us ? 
 again ... i kind of wanted to find out , but i also was n't comfortable in this kingdom yet . 
 i did n't want to risk discovery of my sex life , even if it would n't be a big deal to the gentry . 
 reluctantly , i pulled away from him . 
 `` another time . '' 
 after a few more protests , he let me be . 
 i sat on the ground while he waited , closing my eyes and opening myself to the world around me . 
 we are one , i assured the land . 
 i am here . 
 i felt its answer , felt warmth spread through me and lost track of time . 
 when i finished , i was startled at how far the sun had moved across the sky . 
 kiyo sat on the ground cross-legged , looking at ease as he watched me . 
 `` crap , '' i said , jumping up . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i did n't mean to make you wait so long . '' 
 he stood as well . 
 `` it 's no problem . 
 you needed it . 
 you both needed it . '' 
 i knew he was right . 
 i was more energized , and the land felt strong and content . 
 after another check with rurik , kiyo and i headed back to the thorn land . 
 here , he parted from me , again to `` take care of a few things . '' 
 he assured me he 'd be back in tucson as soon as he could , but i saw the look jasmine gave me when she overheard . 
 i could guess her thoughts : more reports to maiwenn . 
 jasmine was impatient to go to tucson , but before leaving , i impulsively set out alone to where i 'd communed earlier with the thorn land . 
 it had been on a distant part of the grounds , one of my favorite places , in the shade of a mesquite tree . 
 its perfume rivaled that of the rowan flowers , and around it stood cacti in all shapes and sizes , some of them small and squat and some tall and foreboding like sentries . 
 almost all of them were blooming . 
 a chill ran down my spine as i stared at the flowers on the cacti . 
 they formed a brilliantly colored perimeter , right around where i 'd been meditating , the petals in all shapes and sizes . 
 the flowers were beautiful . 
 exquisite . 
 i did n't know what the flowers meant . 
 nothing like that had ever happened when i 'd meditated in the thorn land . 
 over the next few days , i just kept thinking about what rurik had said , that no other monarch save my father had ruled more than one kingdom in recent history . 
 it had taken great power and magic for me to exert my dominance over the lands ... were they feeding it back to me in return ? 
 i certainly felt stronger with them , but i 'd never expected any sort of unconscious physical manifestation . 
 what else was i capable of ? 
 what could i make the land do ? 
 i did n't mention the matter to anyone , not even kiyo . 
 he 'd seen the red flowers but brushed them off . 
 if i told him about the thorn land , i feared he 'd grow upset about the thought of my magic increasing . 
 he grudgingly accepted what i already possessed but still feared it would turn me into my father , no heir needed . 
 and although i 'd felt physically better in the otherworld , i grew weak again after a day or so back in tucson . 
 i did n't mention this to kiyo either , but jasmine was around enough to pick up on it . 
 `` are they calling to you again ? '' 
 she asked over breakfast one day . 
 she was devouring pop-tarts , another love we apparently shared . 
 i was too worried to have an appetite and simply watched . 
 `` you look like crap . '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' i said , drumming my fingers against a glass of water . 
 `` there 's no precedent for this - at least not anymore . 
 no one knows what to expect from me having two kingdoms . '' 
 `` i bet dorian would know . '' 
 i bet he would too , but i shook my head . 
 `` he 's not all-knowing no matter how much he wants to be , '' i countered . 
 `` and i 'm done with him . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 she did n't fight it . 
 for a while , she 'd kept telling me i 'd made a mistake in breaking up with dorian , but kiyo had been growing on her . 
 i still was n't sure if she approved , but at least i did n't have to listen to teen advice about my love life anymore . 
 `` but you might just have to go back soon . 
 i mean , think about it . 
 you 're bound to two lands in the otherworld . 
 are n't the lands and the monarch one ? 
 part of you 's there . 
 it makes sense you 'd have to be there twice as much . '' 
 i winced at the idea , though it had been on my mind too . 
 `` if i were there any more , i 'd be living there permanently . '' 
 she swallowed the last of some crust . 
 `` you may not have a choice . '' 
 her flippant tone irritated me . 
 `` there 's always a choice . 
 i rule them . 
 they do n't rule me . '' 
 i stood up abruptly and briefly became dizzy . 
 it felt like the lands were mocking me . 
 damn it , i thought . 
 you will not call me back so quickly . 
 i 'm staying in this world for a while . 
 i 'll come and go when i please . 
 `` i just need to stop thinking about it . 
 i 'm going to see if lara 's got a job . '' 
 `` yeah , '' said jasmine dryly . 
 `` that 'll fix everything . '' 
 lara did have a job for me , several actually . 
 even though she was all but living with tim - in my house - she still kept meticulous records and took all my calls . 
 she looked disappointed that i only accepted one from her growing list of jobs , a small one at that : a simple haunting that would probably take about five minutes . 
 she said nothing , but i knew that she worried if i did n't make any money , she would n't either . 
 so , remembering enrique 's comment about needing help but not being able to trust anyone , i gave her his card with the suggestion she call about part-time work . 
 `` are you firing me ? '' 
 she asked . 
 i smiled as i gathered up all my weapons . 
 `` no , but i want you to have a backup plan in case you get laid off . '' 
 her eyes widened in alarm at the joke . 
 or , i suddenly wondered , was it a joke ? 
 i brought jasmine with me to the job because i still felt uneasy about leaving her alone . 
 besides , she was finally getting her fill of the human world , and i had a feeling her insistence on me returning to the otherworld was partly selfish . 
 later , after i 'd finished the job , i kind of regretted bringing a witness . 
 `` wow , '' she said , as we drove home . 
 `` you got your ass kicked . '' 
 `` i did not . '' 
 `` did too . '' 
 so . 
 this was what it was like having a sister . 
 `` i banished it , did n't i ? 
 you saw it go to the underworld . '' 
 `` yeah , '' she admitted , `` but it sure did take a long time . 
 i felt like i could have done it , and i 've never banished anything before . '' 
 i gritted my teeth , refraining from commenting that i still had her chains . 
 the troubling thing was , i had kind of sucked . 
 i 'd been in no real danger - not with a ghost that minor - but it had beaten me up more than it should have . 
 i was off my game , a little slower , a little weaker . 
 i 'd walked away with some bruises and now noticed as we drove that my shoulder itched . 
 for a moment , i thought the ghost must have hit me there , but there was no pain . 
 the stitches . 
 i 'd nearly forgotten about them , now that they 'd finally been able to heal . 
 my skin had probably started to grow over the threads . 
 i needed them out . 
 no one was at my house , much to my disappointment . 
 i 'd hoped kiyo had stopped by and could remove the stitches . 
 trying to be optimistic , i decided he must be pulling a shift at the veterinary hospital and was n't with maiwenn . 
 thus far , i 'd heard no official word from her about my new double-queen status . 
 other monarchs had weighed in , though . 
 some had responded by showering me with congratulatory gifts and groveling . 
 others had let me know - in an amiable way - about other monarchs they were pals with , monarchs with big armies . 
 it turned out everyone did fear the iron crown . 
 i called my regular doctor , hoping to get an appointment this week as backup , in case kiyo stayed absent . 
 to my pleasant surprise , they 'd had a cancellation that afternoon and could remove the stitches right away . 
 it was good news for me but an annoyance for jasmine , who 'd just gotten comfortable on the couch . 
 `` oh , come on , '' she said , stretching out . 
 `` we just got home . 
 ca n't you please leave me here ? 
 i promise not to conquer the world or get pregnant while you 're gone . '' 
 `` you know , '' i said , `` lara and tim had sex right where you 're lying . '' 
 she jumped up . 
 a half hour later , we arrived at my doctor 's office . 
 i left jasmine in the waiting room , deeming her safe enough with her ipod and magazines for the five minutes it would take to remove my stitches . 
 maybe she 'd read some contraception pamphlets to pass the time . 
 `` they did this in the er ? '' 
 the doctor asked when i was admitted to an examination room and had taken off my shirt . 
 i 'd been seeing dr. moore for a couple years now . 
 she was a pleasant , mid-fortyish woman who had eventually learned not to ask too many questions about my injuries . 
 she thought i was a `` contractor '' who practiced martial arts on the side . 
 `` not exactly , '' i said . 
 `` i tore the ones the er did , so my boyfriend had to redo them . '' 
 she took hold of tweezers and a tiny pair of scissors and leaned over . 
 `` well , his work 's neat , and it did n't get infected . 
 if i 'd seen you when this happened , i would have confined you to your bed . 
 i would have known better than to assume you would n't promptly rip these out . '' 
 `` yeah , i really pulled one over on the other doctor . '' 
 she snorted a small laugh and proceeded to pull the stitches out . 
 they stung where they tugged the skin , but honestly , it was nothing compared to my normal wear and tear . 
 `` there you go , '' she said , stepping back . 
 `` you 'll have a scar . '' 
 i put my shirt back on and faced her . 
 `` battle trophy . '' 
 she rolled her eyes , leaning against the wall with crossed arms . 
 `` you should n't joke about that . '' 
 `` sorry . '' 
 i picked up my purse , but her expression said we were n't done . 
 `` eugenie ... i do n't ask many questions , not any more than i need to treat you , but i 'm worried about how often you come in with these kinds of injuries . '' 
 if only she knew how many i did n't come in for . 
 `` i - '' `` no , no , '' she interrupted . 
 `` i do n't need to know all the details of your life . 
 i try not to judge - but you might need to . 
 there are jobs out there that are physical in nature . 
 that 's life . 
 but whatever you 're doing ... maybe you should reevaluate it . 
 to be blunt , you look terrible today . '' 
 `` oh , that . '' 
 crap . 
 i could hardly explain that it was the residual aftereffects of a magical battle in the otherworld , during which i 'd fought for dominion of a fairy kingdom and become its new master , thus doubling my reign . 
 `` i 'm just , uh , coming down with something . 
 just kind of tired , you know . '' 
 she arched her eyebrows . 
 double crap . 
 `` then let 's do some quick blood and urine tests , '' she said , straightening up . 
 `` check your electrolytes , thyroid ... '' i fumbled for an excuse . 
 i 'd never been comfortable with those kinds of tests since discovering i had gentry blood . 
 i was pretty sure human medicine could n't detect that sort of thing , but i did n't want to take any chances . 
 `` i do n't have time . 
 my sister 's waiting for me in the lobby . '' 
 `` i 'm sure she 'll be okay , '' said dr. moore . 
 `` this 'll take five minutes . '' 
 `` fine . '' 
 i sat back on the table , defeated . 
 `` but can you send someone to make sure she 's still out there ? 
 she 's the sullen one . '' 
 dr. moore 's nurse returned to send me to the bathroom and then drew blood when i came back . 
 she was in the middle of telling me they would send the tests out to a lab , when dr. moore herself stuck her head back in . 
 `` can we talk for a moment ? '' 
 she asked . 
 the nurse discreetly left , and once we were alone , i braced for another lecture about my lifestyle . 
 `` i really need to get back to my sister , '' i told her . 
 `` you do n't know what she 's capable of . '' 
 `` eugenie . '' 
 dr. moore 's voice was kind but firm . 
 `` most of those tests we have to wait on , but there are a few we do right here with urine . '' 
 `` and ? '' 
 `` and , you 're pregnant . '' 
 i thought about this for a moment and then enlightened her . 
 `` no . 
 i 'm not . '' 
 those eyebrows rose again . 
 `` your test came back positive . 
 now , we ca n't tell how far just from a urine test , but based on - '' `` your test is wrong ! '' 
 i sprang up from the table . 
 my world was starting to reel again . 
 `` i ca n't be pregnant ! '' 
 to her credit , she took my outburst calmly , but that was probably part of her training . 
 `` the test is very accurate , and it would explain why you are n't feeling well . '' 
 `` i ca n't be pregnant , '' i repeated adamantly . 
 there was a mistake here . 
 a terrible , terrible mistake , and she needed to understand that . 
 until she did , i refused even to process what she was claiming . 
 `` i take my birth control pills . 
 every day . 
 same time . 
 just like i 'm supposed to . 
 i 'm not going to lie : i do other stupid shit all the time . 
 but not with pills . 
 i take them perfectly . 
 i did with the antibiotics too . 
 i 'm careless with stitches but not prescriptions . '' 
 that calm expression shifted to surprise . 
 `` antibiotics ? 
 when were you taking antibiotics ? '' 
 i pointed to my shoulder . 
 `` when i got this . 
 the er doctor gave me a prescription . '' 
 i frowned . 
 `` what ? 
 why are you looking at me like that ? 
 i told you : i took them correctly , all of them . '' 
 `` antibiotics can negate birth control pills , '' she said . 
 `` did n't you know that ? '' 
 `` i ... what ? 
 no . 
 that 's not ... no . '' 
 a mistake . 
 a terrible , terrible mistake . 
 `` women taking both need to use some other form of contraception until the antibiotics have run their course . '' 
 a horrible , cold feeling began spreading over me . 
 `` how was i supposed to know that ? '' 
 i asked in a small voice . 
 `` your pharmacist should have told you when you got the antibiotics . 
 the interaction would have shown up in your records . '' 
 i thought back to that night , how my mom and i had stopped at the place closest to the hospital . 
 `` i did n't go to my usual pharmacy ... '' and i had gotten out of there as fast as i could , not bothering to talk to the pharmacist because i 'd taken antibiotics lots of times in my life . 
 i certainly had n't bothered with the enclosed pamphlets . 
 dr. moore seemed to think she 'd gotten through to me . 
 `` now , we can figure out how far along you are if you know when your last period - '' `` no , '' i exclaimed . 
 `` no , no , no . 
 i ca n't be pregnant ! 
 do n't you understand ? 
 i ca n't be . 
 i ca n't have a baby . 
 i ca n't ! '' 
 i was shouting again and wondered if this place had security . 
 `` calm down , '' dr. moore said . 
 `` everything will be all right . '' 
 no , no , it would n't . 
 everything would n't be all right . 
 nausea welled in me , nausea i 'd felt for a few weeks or so - and that had nothing to do with inheriting the rowan land . 
 after all this time , after all the planning and lofty talk , after all my fears about jasmine ... it was me . 
 human medicine had screwed me over . 
 no , i had screwed me over . 
 i 'd fucked up . 
 my own carelessness had brought this about . 
 everything anyone had ever said about the storm king prophecy began to run through my mind . 
 sformi , king 's first grandson . 
 an invasion of the human world . 
 led by his mother . 
 domination and blood . 
 and i , i was bringing it about ... i was the instrument ... `` eugenie ! '' 
 dr. moore was supporting me , and i had a feeling she 'd said my name a few times . 
 she glanced at the door and opened her mouth , about to call her nurse . 
 `` no ! '' 
 i clutched at her white coat . 
 `` do n't . 
 listen to me . '' 
 my voice was raspy and desperate . 
 `` i ca n't . 
 i ca n't have a baby . 
 do n't you understand ? '' 
 she peered at me through her glasses , regarding me knowingly . 
 `` then you do n't have to . 
 there are options - '' you ca n't have a boy , some voice inside me said . 
 what if it 's a girl ? 
 `` wait , '' i interrupted her . 
 `` when can you tell the gender ? '' 
 that got a shocked look . 
 `` you 'd base an abortion on gender ? '' 
 `` i - no , wait . '' 
 fuck . 
 i could n't think . 
 i was panicked and scared and confused . 
 i needed to get my head together . 
 what did i do ? 
 i had to get rid of this baby , pure and simple . 
 people did it all the time . 
 it was easy in this day and age , right ? 
 `` i meant , how long until you can tell gender and if ... if there 's anything wrong . '' 
 i groped for something reasonable , something that would n't make me seem like a heartless woman who 'd kill her son . 
 `` you can do those tests , right ? 
 like , genetic tests ? 
 i ... i 'm so afraid of having a baby and having there be something wrong . 
 my family has a bad history . 
 my cousins have had babies with birth defects , and i ca n't ... i ca n't handle that . 
 i have to know . 
 i have to know ... right away ... as early as possible because otherwise i 'll ... '' the lies rolled easily off my lips . 
 anything . 
 anything to know the gender . 
 dr. moore studied me again . 
 i still sounded crazy and scattered , i knew , but a little less than before . 
 `` when was your last period ? '' 
 she asked quietly . 
 i turned to her wall calendar . 
 the numbers swam before me . 
 i could n't focus . 
 how the hell could i remember that when the fate of the world was on the line ? 
 i thought about my last period and tried to link it to some event , something that would trigger a date . 
 `` there . '' 
 i pointed . 
 `` it started on the fifth . '' 
 she nodded , doing mental calculations . 
 `` which lines up with the antibiotics . 
 you 're almost nine weeks along , as the reckoning goes , though technically only seven since conception . '' 
 seven . 
 seven weeks ... `` you 're almost in the range for chorionic villus sampling , '' she said . 
 chorionic what ? 
 `` they do n't like to do it unless it 's necessary , though . 
 there are risks for the fetus . 
 they almost never do it for someone your age , who 's in good health ... '' `` but it can tell me ? '' 
 i said urgently . 
 `` it can tell me what i need to know ? '' 
 `` it can tell you a lot . 
 no test can tell you everything , but it can give you peace of mind ... especially if you really do have a bad family history ... '' did i ever . 
 `` i do , '' i said . 
 `` please . '' 
 i held my breath , knowing she was wavering here . 
 finally , she turned to her filing cabinet , rifling through it until she found a carbon form . 
 she scrawled something in doctor 's handwriting on it and handed it over . 
 `` here . '' 
 it was a referral to an ob-gyn 's office nearby . 
 the form had my name , some boxes checked , and a few illegible words . 
 i did make out cvs and emergency . 
 `` emergency ? '' 
 i asked . 
 i mean , it was , but i was surprised she 'd nailed it . 
 `` it means you 'll get scheduled in right away . 
 most of these tests are backed up - because they are n't done this early . 
 give it to my nurse when you leave . '' 
 she was writing something else as she spoke . 
 `` she 'll call them and schedule you - but you need to be aware they may refuse it when you 're there , based on their judgment . 
 i meant it : this is n't routine . '' 
 my next words were hesitant . 
 `` then why are you doing it ? '' 
 `` because i believe that in pregnancy , the mother 's health outweighs everything else . '' 
 mother 's health . 
 i did n't like thinking of myself as a mother . 
 fuck . 
 this should n't even be an issue at all ! 
 we should be discussing abortions . 
 why did i care about gender ? 
 i did n't want a baby . 
 i was n't ready for a baby . 
 certainly not one who 'd fulfill a world-conquering prophecy . 
 `` in this case , '' said dr. moore . 
 `` your mental health is especially concerning . 
 which is what this is for . '' 
 she handed me the other piece of paper . 
 it was a referral for a psychologist . 
 `` i do n't need - '' `` eugenie , shock over an unplanned pregnancy is normal . 
 expected . 
 but it 's clear ... you have some very serious issues around this . '' 
 she had no idea . 
 `` have my nurse call for the test . 
 then schedule yourself a therapist appointment and a follow-up with me . '' 
 there was no way i could tell her i had no intention of going to therapy . 
 i was n't even sure about the follow-up . 
 but i 'd gotten away with something , and i knew it . 
 i nodded meekly . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 i left before she could change her mind . 
 jasmine 's face was filled with irritation and impatience when i finally returned . 
 `` that took forever , '' she said , tossing a magazine aside . 
 `` how deep were those stitches ? '' 
 `` not that deep , '' i murmured . 
 i walked toward my car on autopilot , still stunned . 
 `` she was worried about how tired i was , that 's all . '' 
 `` well , you can fix that when we go back to the otherworld . '' 
 i started the car , staring off into space for a few ponderous moments as numbers floated around in my head . 
 nine weeks , seven weeks . 
 two days . 
 that was how long until my test . 
 two days . 
 i refocused on my surroundings so i would n't get us into an accident . 
 `` we are n't going to the otherworld anytime soon , '' i replied . 
 jasmine shot me a look that clearly expressed her feelings on that , but there must have been something in my own face that answered back because she did n't fight the issue anymore . 
 when we returned to my house , i put my purse and paperwork in my bedroom before sitting with jasmine in her usual spot on the couch . 
 mindless tv suddenly seemed like a good idea ... except , well , it did n't do a very good job of taking my mind off of my problems . 
 pregnant . 
 conqueror of worlds . 
 storm king 's heir . 
 me . 
 it was all on me : what had happened and what was to come . 
 we had n't been home long when kiyo showed up . 
 he gave me a cheerful grin and wore his white coat from work , meaning he must not have been cozying up with maiwenn . 
 small blessing . 
 his smile was enough to make jasmine smile in return , but i could n't muster one . 
 there was nothing to smile about right now . 
 nothing good in this world . 
 nothing good in either world . 
 he joined us on the couch , sandwiching me in between him and jasmine , and caught hold of my hand . 
 `` hey , how are you ? '' 
 he asked . 
 he peered at my face , even though i was pointedly not looking at him . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 `` fine , '' i lied . 
 `` tired . '' 
 storm king 's first grandson will conquer the human world . 
 `` she 's been like that all day , '' said jasmine . 
 `` she needs to go back to the otherworld but wo n't . '' 
 `` is that true ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i did n't think you 'd have a problem with that , '' i said . 
 `` you 've always wanted me to stay away . '' 
 `` yeah , but not if it 's affecting you like this . 
 you really look sick , eug . '' 
 `` she also got beat up by a ghost , '' jasmine added helpfully . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 i glared . 
 `` i did not ! '' 
 kiyo chuckled and pulled me closer . 
 `` stop playing tough . 
 go to the otherworld tomorrow . 
 i 'll come with you , so it wo n't be as bad . '' 
 he relaxed , and there was a finality in his voice that i did n't like . 
 i did n't like his presumption . 
 i also was n't entirely sure i should be going to the otherworld , in light of recent developments . 
 flowers . 
 flowers everywhere , everywhere i step . 
 i 'm the land , and the land is me . 
 where i bring life , the land does too ... or death . 
 i could bring death as well . 
 it was my choice . 
 over and over . 
 the words in my head were all i heard . 
 i did n't hear the tv , or kiyo and jasmine 's occasional comments . 
 i did n't really hear when kiyo said he 'd make dinner and went to drop off his overnight bag in my bedroom . 
 but i did hear him when he came raging back to the living room , waving my cvs referral form in the air . 
 `` eugenie ! '' 
 his voice was a roar , one that made jasmine cringe and widen her eyes . 
 `` what the hell is this ? '' 
 i stared up at him levelly , surprised i could be so calm in the face of that outrage , especially after the emotional upheaval i 'd been through all day . 
 my own despair and shock had never left , but now i was able to push it down and meet kiyo 's eyes , as i allowed myself to finally acknowledge the other thought that had been bouncing around in my mind . 
 because along with the choices i had and the consequences i faced , there was one other matter to consider . 
 i 'd looked at the numbers , at the calendar . 
 i 'd factored in the dates , the antibiotics , what had been done - or , perhaps most importantly , what had n't been done . 
 it was all very clear . 
 there was no soap opera here . 
 no talk show cworthy mystery . 
 for a few moments , we were frozen in time . 
 it was jasmine who finally got things moving again . 
 `` oh , '' she said . 
 `` wow . '' 
 kiyo 's grip on the form tightened , and for a second , i feared he 'd crumple or rip it . 
 instead , he let it fall to the floor and strode toward me as swiftly and fiercely as his predatory alter ego . 
 i felt jasmine shift - not away , but closer to me . 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 he asked , in a low , deadly voice . 
 `` about which part ? '' 
 i snapped . 
 `` that i 'm pregnant ? 
 or that it 's yours ? '' 
 `` both . '' 
 i felt my eyes narrow as i continued feeling angry and defensive . 
 `` yes . 
 both . '' 
 silence fell . 
 then : `` when are you getting rid of it ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` christ . 
 you get right to the point . '' 
 `` you know the point ! '' 
 he exclaimed . 
 `` you know what it 's always been ! 
 you 're sure ? 
 you 're really sure you 're pregnant ? '' 
 i 'd had the same questions for dr. moore and found myself repeating her answer . 
 `` yes . 
 the tests are very accurate . 
 besides , why else do you think they 'd schedule me for that ? '' 
 i pointed to the referral lying on the floor . 
 he might work with animals , but he 'd still know what a cvs was . 
 jasmine , however , did not . 
 she slipped away , gave him a wide berth , and retrieved the paper . 
 `` what 's a ... chorionic ... vil-vil - '' `` it 's a test to detect defects , '' i said . 
 i gave kiyo a pointed look . 
 `` and gender . '' 
 `` it 's a waste of time , '' he argued . 
 he swallowed and attempted a kinder , more reasonable course with me . 
 `` eugenie , you know the danger . 
 you ca n't waste another day . 
 if anyone finds out - if anyone in the otherworld - '' `` i know , i know ! 
 do you think i 'm stupid ? 
 do you think i somehow missed the constant rape attempts - and actual rape - based on that prophecy ? 
 damn it , i know better than you what it means ! 
 but i ca n't - i ca n't get an abortion until i know what it is . 
 if it 's a girl or a boy . '' 
 `` and then what ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` you 'll keep it if it 's a girl ? 
 you always said you were n't sure you wanted to have kids . '' 
 `` i 'm still not , '' i admitted , my voice trembling . 
 a baby - world conqueror or not - had never been on my agenda . 
 `` but i have to know . '' 
 his expression darkened , the coaxing gone . 
 `` it 's better if you do n't . 
 it 's better to keep it all anonymous , better not to think of it as a person . 
 stay ignorant . 
 just have the abortion and be done . '' 
 jasmine had n't moved from her spot , her eyes going back and forth as she watched my verbal volley with kiyo . 
 `` geez , '' she said . 
 `` you do n't seem too upset about killing your own kid . '' 
 i had been thinking the same thing . 
 his cold detachment shocked me . 
 he flinched and gritted his teeth . 
 `` i never said i 'm not upset . '' 
 `` but you 're not just upset about what this means for the prophecy , '' i pointed out . 
 i studied him carefully , realization dawning . 
 `` you do n't entirely believe it 's yours anyway . '' 
 `` do you blame me ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` it 's yours , '' i said adamantly . 
 the last time i 'd been with dorian , we 'd had kinky oral sex . 
 maybe i had n't known about antibiotics interacting with birth control pills , but i knew where a guy had to come to make you pregnant . 
 `` i know without a doubt . '' 
 this gave kiyo pause , as though he really were truly pondering the reality of losing his child . 
 `` i told you : i never said i 'm not upset about this . 
 but it 's got to be dealt with . 
 how could you have let this happen ? '' 
 `` oh , nice , '' i said . 
 `` it 's my fault . 
 if you 're so into caution , maybe you should n't have fucked me in that grotto . '' 
 jasmine 's eyes widened . 
 `` okay , forget it , '' he said tightly . 
 `` and forget your cvs . 
 just get the abortion while it 's still easy . 
 you ca n't be that far along . '' 
 i shot up . 
 `` while it 's still easy ? 
 like you know ! 
 you 're not the one who has to go through it ! '' 
 `` why are you fighting me on this ? '' 
 he exclaimed in disbelief . 
 `` you always said you 'd do this . 
 do you want the prophecy to come true ? 
 do you want to have a son who leads armies here from the otherworld to conquer and enslave ? '' 
 `` of course not ! 
 you know that . '' 
 `` then stop wasting time ! 
 look , if you 're scared about getting it done ... you do n't have to do it here . '' 
 `` oh ? 
 i can check in at the otherworld 's planned parenthood clinic ? '' 
 `` no , '' he said wearily . 
 `` but there are potions . 
 maiwenn could help . 
 along with healing , she can work all sorts of other medical magic . '' 
 `` i 'm sure she can . '' 
 i could n't hide the bitterness in my voice . 
 `` and i 'm sure she 'd be more than happy to . '' 
 `` eugenie - '' `` look , '' i interrupted . 
 `` here 's how it is . 
 i do n't like your attitude . 
 i do n't like you dictating this to me like i 'm stupid or something . 
 i know the consequences , okay ? 
 and you know where i stand on the prophecy . 
 but i just have to know what exactly is in me first . 
 two days . 
 we just wait two days for the test . '' 
 `` and then how long until the results ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` more time passes . 
 every day is dangerous . '' 
 `` but what if it 's a girl ? '' 
 this came from jasmine . 
 both kiyo and i turned to her . 
 `` what if eugenie can have it ? 
 you 're always going on and on about how awesome luisa is . 
 would n't you want another one - especially with , like , your actual - sort of - girlfriend ? '' 
 `` it 's not - '' kiyo bit off his words and turned back to me . 
 those dark eyes studied me , and i felt my anger diffuse as they softened . 
 i felt his love and knew all of this was coming from panic , his fears about the prophecy finally coming true . 
 `` two days , '' he said at last . 
 `` two days , '' i repeated . 
 `` and then i 'll do the right thing . '' 
 i was n't exactly sure what the `` right thing '' would be if i was having a girl , seeing as motherhood still did n't really jump out at me . 
 but that did n't matter right now . 
 what mattered was that i had the choice . 
 then , abruptly and without warning , kiyo wrapped his arms around me , crushing me to his chest . 
 `` i love you , '' he said , voice shaking . 
 it was the first time he 'd spoken those words since we 'd gotten back together , and they tore something inside of me . 
 `` but i 'm just afraid . '' 
 `` i am too , '' i said , feeling tears spring into my eyes . 
 fucking hormones . 
 `` everything 'll be okay . '' 
 when he released me , i finally really comprehended that jasmine had witnessed all of this . 
 the dramatic factor had probably trumped anything she could find on tv . 
 her face was a blank mask now , which made me uneasy . 
 what was she thinking about all this ? 
 for so long , she 'd wanted to be the one to have the heir . 
 i supposed she should be all for an abortion . 
 yet ... maybe she was so keen on our father 's prophecy that she did n't care who had his grandson , so long as she could ride the power with us . 
 `` i need you to stay with jasmine tomorrow , '' i told kiyo later , when we were lying in bed . 
 `` i wish she had n't found out about this . 
 maybe i 'm overreacting , but i 'm worried she 'll do something with the information . 
 i could have volusian watch her like he is now ... '' i usually summoned my minion for night watches . '' 
 ... but i 'd feel better with you there . '' 
 kiyo drew the covers up around us . 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 `` where do you think ? '' 
 he groaned . 
 `` eugenie , you ca n't go back there until this mess is settled . 
 if they find out - if anyone finds out - well . 
 all hell will break loose , from those who are for the prophecy and those who are against it . '' 
 `` i have to , '' i said . 
 `` i realize now that most of my being sick is because ... well , you know . 
 but being apart from those lands is affecting me too . 
 i just need to check in . '' 
 no more full-fledged meditation sessions , though . 
 i could n't risk any more telltale signs of my pregnancy from that intense communion . 
 i 'd just do the bare minimum required . 
 `` and not just with the lands ' magic . 
 i need to keep an eye on the rowan land 's transition . '' 
 i feared his reaction , particularly after his earlier outburst . 
 instead , he brushed a kiss to my lips . 
 `` be careful . 
 be quick . '' 
 `` i will . '' 
 i pushed my lips back , kissing him harder . 
 i moved my body closer to his , wrapping our legs together . 
 i was terrified of what was happening , terrified of what i might be carrying . 
 but now , with kiyo on my side , i felt safe . 
 we would get through this together , and i suddenly wanted to connect with him and feel his love around me . 
 he responded instantly to the kiss , one of his hands tipping my head back in order to consume more of my lips . 
 his other hand gripped my upper arm , nails lightly scratching my skin as animal lust began to take over . 
 then , abruptly , he stopped and pulled away . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 i asked . 
 i started to say he did n't have to worry about getting me pregnant , but that joke seemed kind of inappropriate . 
 `` nothing ... i 'm just ... i 'm just tired . '' 
 he kissed me again , but this time it was on my cheek . 
 `` it 's been a long day . 
 just not up for it tonight ... even though you 're as sexy as always . '' 
 the lightness in those last words seemed forced , and i was glad he could n't see my frown in the darkness . 
 i had just been rejected because ... because why ? 
 having sex during pregnancy was n't harmful , i knew that much . 
 was i repulsive ? 
 was the thought that i was carrying storm king 's heir putting him off ? 
 whatever the reason , i did n't buy that he `` was n't up for it . '' 
 we 'd been pressed hip to hip moments ago , and his body had most certainly been up for it . 
 a sexless night was the least of my problems , and although neither of us spoke , i knew he slept as badly as i did . 
 we tossed and turned , our movements as disturbing to each other as our individual worries . 
 we both had bloodshot eyes when we woke . 
 i headed off to the otherworld as soon as i could after breakfast - well , after what passed as breakfast for me . 
 my appetite was still low . 
 jasmine was n't happy when i denied her request to come with me , but kiyo and volusian 's presence was too daunting for her to put up much of a fight . 
 i felt the thorn land 's welcoming energy when i crossed over , but thankfully , it revealed nothing about my maternal state . 
 my staff was equally happy to see me , particularly shaya , who looked like she 'd thought i was n't ever going to return . 
 it was n't an entirely unwarranted fear . 
 she and i sat alone in one of the parlors while she updated me on the situation . 
 `` rurik feels the rowan land is stable enough to move in a governing body . 
 there 's still some unrest , and he 'll stay on for a while , but most have accepted your rule . 
 it 's the way things go . 
 he 's also culled the rowan military and feels you can trust who 's left . '' 
 i tried not to grimace at that , wondering what his `` culling '' had entailed . 
 `` and katrice and cassius ? '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` still imprisoned . 
 awaiting your verdict . '' 
 `` i do n't really want to do anything with them , '' i admitted . 
 `` i do n't know what to do with them . '' 
 `` honestly ? 
 with katrice ? 
 you could set her free , and it would n't matter . 
 stripping the land from her stripped most of her magic . 
 her reason to live . 
 she 's harmless . 
 without hope . 
 but cassius ... '' shaya frowned . 
 `` he 's dangerous . 
 he ca n't wrestle the land from you , but he 's got enough power to make trouble . 
 dorian 's already written and advised execution . '' 
 i scoffed . 
 `` i 'm sure he has . '' 
 `` dorian 's also provided a list of people he 'd like to see installed in the rowan land . 
 we settled the resources split , but he feels he deserves a controlling interest in your rule there . '' 
 `` a ` controlling interest ? ' 
 this is n't a corporation ! '' 
 i exclaimed . 
 `` write him and make it very , very clear that his help is n't needed over there . 
 it is n't wanted . 
 he has no right to it . 
 tell him all of that . '' 
 shaya hesitated , fretfully toying with one of her black braids . 
 `` no matter how diplomatically i word that ... well , the antagonism will still come through . 
 it 'll anger him . '' 
 `` good , '' i retorted . 
 dorian was a safe target for my churning emotions at the moment , and god knew i needed some sort of outlet . 
 `` let him be angry or pout or whatever . 
 i 'm pretty sure he is n't going to declare war on me . '' 
 it was something i 'd figured out recently . 
 dorian had been an advocate of using the iron crown to scare other monarchs , but the thing was , now that we were n't together anymore , he had to realize it could be used against him too . 
 i actually had n't had to give in to his `` spoils of war '' demands . 
 that had been a kindness on my part , and he knew it . 
 i did n't have to fear dorian . 
 i no longer needed him . 
 `` very well , '' shaya replied . 
 her tone was obedient , but i knew she dreaded that letter . 
 she 'd never lost her devotion to him , and i was forcing her to split her loyalties . 
 `` but we do need someone to manage the rowan land ... unless you 're going to do it personally . '' 
 `` no , '' i said swiftly , not that i needed to . 
 she 'd already known i had no interest in it . 
 `` do you have someone in mind ? '' 
 `` yes ... me . '' 
 i was n't exactly surprised that she 'd step up to the task . 
 i was surprised , however , that she did n't look particularly upset about it . 
 maybe she relished the challenge . 
 `` i 'm cool with that , '' i said . 
 `` hell , after what you did around here , i know you can get rowan into shape . 
 but ... who 's going to run things here ? '' 
 `` i was thinking nia could . '' 
 `` nia ? '' 
 i asked , startled . 
 `` my hairstylist ? '' 
 shaya crooked me a grin . 
 `` what do you think she does when you 're not around ? 
 she 's been helping me and learning ... i think she 'd do very well . 
 there 'd be others to assist her , and , of course , she could always contact me . '' 
 it was still an unexpected choice , but shaya seemed confident . 
 and , i supposed , we 'd gotten the thorn land into good enough shape that it now functioned pretty smoothly . 
 `` okay , '' i said at last . 
 `` let 's make it happen . 
 when do you plan on moving ? '' 
 `` today , '' she said . 
 `` i 'll go when you go . 
 my things are packed . '' 
 i could n't help laughing . 
 `` you knew i 'd agree . 
 and you knew i 'd refuse dorian . '' 
 shaya put on her primmest look , but her eyes sparkled . 
 `` yes , your majesty . '' 
 i walked the thorn land before leaving , long enough to reassure the land i was there and boost the morale of the soldiers guarding my keep . 
 not that they needed it . 
 we were victorious , and they were still celebrating . 
 i 'd donned my gold crown for the trip to the rowan land , and my men regarded me with adoration , calling out cheers for their brave , all-powerful queen . 
 what would they do if they knew ? 
 i wondered . 
 what would they do if they knew i was carrying a potential warlord ? 
 somehow , it was n't much of a mystery . 
 they would cheer more . 
 they would worship me and revel in the chance to extend our rule . 
 it made me eager to go to the rowan land , where i was feared rather than adored . 
 of course , i did n't know if that was any better . 
 if those people knew i was carrying storm king 's grandchild , it would simply intensify their fear and convince them more than ever that they were under the control of a tyrant queen . 
 kiyo was right , i realized . 
 no one in the otherworld could know about my pregnancy . 
 any reaction it drew would be a powerful one . 
 the sooner i could leave , the better . 
 borrowed soldiers from the thorn land still made up the bulk of the guard at katrice 's former castle , and their expressions mirrored those of their colleagues back home . 
 i played the part , smiling and walking among them confidently , not daring to show the fear and uncertainty i felt . 
 like the thorn land 's , the rowan land 's energy buzzed around me . 
 only i felt it , of course , but once , when i paused and talked to a guard for several minutes , i saw a small red flower growing where i 'd stood . 
 no one noticed , and i hastily headed for the castle , figuring nothing would sprout out of stone walls . 
 rurik greeted us happily , having already known about shaya 's new position . 
 as we all converged , i saw something flash between them , something that surprised me . 
 affection . 
 more than friendly affection . 
 it was then that i also noticed a bracelet shaya wore , made of emeralds and pearls . 
 i 'd seen it before . 
 girard had been working on it when i first met imanuelle . 
 it was the piece rurik had commissioned . 
 i tried not to gape as the truth hit me . 
 shaya and rurik . 
 they had a relationship going on , some romance , probably one that had been building right before me that i 'd been too oblivious to notice . 
 that was why she had n't minded taking on stewardship of a kingdom conquered through unorthodox means . 
 no one else seemed to notice - or maybe everyone already knew about them - but as i stood there and listened to more debriefings , i felt a pang in my chest . 
 it was like tim and lara - and not because both couples were so bizarrely matched . 
 no , the similarities came in that it was so easy for all of them . 
 just fall in love and go with it . 
 no political machinations and motives . 
 no world-altering prophecies to muck things up . 
 i 'd untangled myself from dorian 's scheming - and not without a fair amount of heartache - but things with kiyo now were irrevocably altered . 
 no matter how my pregnancy panned out , even if it had as happy an ending as it could , i knew things between him and me would never be the same . 
 i would never have an easy relationship . 
 queasiness welled up in me , and i did n't bother trying to figure out which of the myriad reasons could be causing it . 
 i leaned against the wall as rurik continued speaking about troop placement . 
 even though it was n't part of the land , the wall and castle 's foundation touched the land , and i felt that magic warm and comfort me . 
 i took a deep breath . 
 i could do this . 
 everything would be all right , just as i 'd told kiyo . 
 i 'd know my child 's gender soon . 
 then i 'd know what to do . 
 my intention had been to stay around longer and make sure shaya was settled in , but i soon decided i needed to get back . 
 the others looked like they would have liked me to stay a little longer too , but they were also used to my weird - or as they considered them , `` human '' - ways . 
 i assured them all that i had the utmost faith in them , reminded shaya to rebuke dorian , and then headed back to tucson as soon as i could . 
 when i arrived home and analyzed how i 'd been feeling today , it occurred to me that the transitions from world to world were making me sick . 
 transitioning was n't an easy feat in general ; some could n't even do it . 
 i 'd grown adept at it , but now , it took its toll , even with the help of a gateway . 
 i understood enough about pregnancy to know these annoying symptoms only lasted for a short time , but that did n't negate their annoyance . 
 i did n't want anything slowing me down . 
 i did n't want to be hampered . 
 my body was turning against me , and kiyo 's urging just to end the pregnancy began to seem like a better and better idea . 
 what did gender matter ? 
 i was n't ready for this . 
 he was relieved to see me back early and wrapped me up in another big embrace . 
 `` everything 's okay ? '' 
 he asked in a low voice . 
 `` nobody found out ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` no . 
 and i 'm not going back until ... until this is settled . 
 i 'm also starting to think ... '' `` what ? '' 
 he prompted . 
 `` that you were right . 
 that gender does n't matter . 
 the test is so close , though ... i 'll still do it . 
 but . 
 well . 
 like i said , it does n't matter . '' 
 relief flooded his features . 
 `` i 'm glad , eug . 
 it 's the right thing to do . '' 
 he hugged me again , and the hug was filled with more intensity . 
 `` you can always cancel the test . '' 
 `` no , i 'll do it . 
 especially after the fit i threw with my poor doctor . '' 
 `` i wish i could go with you , '' he said wistfully . 
 `` but i 'm not sure i can . 
 i 'm taking a couple of work shifts . '' 
 are you ? 
 or are you running off to maiwenn ? 
 `` it 's fine , '' i said . 
 `` you would n't be able to find out anything that day anyway . '' 
 `` but you 'll let me know the moment you know ? '' 
 he asked , staring at me hard . 
 `` the very moment . '' 
 kiyo might not have been able to go with me ... but jasmine did . 
 ostensibly , i told myself it was because she could n't be left by herself . 
 yet , deep inside , when i really looked at my heart , i knew the truth . 
 i did n't want to go through this alone . 
 i knew what the test entailed , and even if we got no answers today , it was still one step closer to what could be a huge event . 
 `` you can do it , you know , '' jasmine told me . 
 i 'd let her come into the exam room with me . 
 it was dimly lit for the ultrasound equipment , and the doctor and tech had stepped out so i could change . 
 undressing in front of jasmine felt weird , so i kept my back to her as i put on the hospital gown . 
 `` do what ? 
 this test ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i mean , yeah , whatever , you 'll be fine . 
 but i mean , have the baby . 
 whatever it is . 
 even a boy . 
 you can fulfill our father 's prophecy . '' 
 there was a zeal in her voice i had n't heard in a while - one i 'd hoped had gone away . 
 gowned , i turned around . 
 `` no . 
 that 's out of the question . 
 if it 's a boy ... well , i ca n't have it . 
 end of story . 
 a girl ... i do n't know . 
 i 'm probably not doing that either . '' 
 i could n't help adding , `` besides , i thought you wanted to be the heir 's mother . '' 
 her face was deadly earnest as she considered my words . 
 `` i did . 
 but maybe i 'm not meant to . '' 
 the staff returned and situated me on the examining table while jasmine retreated to a corner . 
 they introduced themselves : dr. sartori and veronica the tech . 
 they explained the procedure to me , though i 'd already read up on it several times . 
 the doctor was going to - ack - stick a giant needle in me to collect cells and would use ultrasound to guide him . 
 he made sure i understood the risk of such a test . 
 a small percentage of women miscarried . 
 dryly , i told him i was willing to accept that . 
 veronica raised the gown to bare my stomach . 
 as she rubbed gel on it , i stared down wonderingly . 
 honestly ? 
 it looked no different than in the past . 
 i 'd always been skinny , and with my lack of appetite , i probably was n't putting on much weight . 
 if not for my symptoms and dr. moore 's `` very accurate '' test , i never would have guessed what was inside me . 
 and what was inside me ? 
 my stomach took on a strange , sinister countenance . 
 again , i had that feeling of my body 's betrayal . 
 it was doing things out of my control . 
 `` okay , '' said veronica , moving the paddle to my stomach . 
 `` let 's take a look . '' 
 both she and dr. sartori watched a black monitor that had my name , birthday , and a few other stats at the bottom of the screen . 
 when the paddle made contact , the screen flared to life , showing the indecipherable gray and white confusion i 'd always seen when people had ultrasounds on tv . 
 i could make no sense of it nor see anything resembling a baby , but sound immediately accompanied the images , repetitive swishing noises , kind of like waves . 
 i at least knew what that meant . 
 `` that 's the heartbeat , is n't it ? '' 
 i asked , a strange feeling crawling over me . 
 heartbeat . 
 another creature 's heart inside of me . 
 neither practitioner answered right away . 
 dr. sartori frowned curiously , and veronica shifted the paddle around to get more views . 
 `` huh , '' said the doctor . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i exclaimed . 
 two immediate possibilities sprang to mind . 
 one was that my gentry blood mixing with kiyo 's kitsune blood had created some sort of monster . 
 the other thought - one that suddenly offered a world of safety - was that there had been a mistake . 
 the test was n't accurate , and i actually was n't pregnant . 
 `` is n't that the heartbeat ? '' 
 no one had to tell me the ways in which that exponentially complicated things . 
 jasmine 's gasp confirmed my many realizations . 
 `` two placentas , '' said veronica , pausing and typing something one-handed while still keeping hold of the paddle . 
 `` what ... what 's that mean ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` it means they could be identical or fraternal , '' said dr. sartori . 
 `` one placenta would be identical for sure . '' 
 i swallowed . 
 the noise , that wavelike sound ... it was drowning me . 
 my heartbeat , another heartbeat , and another still ... how was it possible ? 
 how could there be so much life in one body ? 
 `` can you still do the test ? '' 
 i stammered out . 
 dr. sartori was holding the needle but made no moves as his eyes flicked back to the monitor . 
 `` i can ... but it 's not recommended in this situation . 
 with twins , the risks are increased . '' 
 `` i do n't care , '' i said firmly . 
 `` i still want it . 
 i have to know . 
 with my family history ... '' i prayed he would n't demand too many details beyond what dr. moore had sent over . 
 he and veronica discussed a few things , using medical language i could n't follow . 
 she used the paddle to check every angle , taking measurements on her computer as he occasionally pointed details out . 
 finally , after another warning against the procedure , he agreed to do it . 
 it hurt as much as you 'd expect from a giant needle being stuck into you . 
 his hands were superhumanly steady , as his eyes held firm to the monitor so he could watch the needle 's progress . 
 i still could n't make out much in the images but knew the challenge was to get to the placenta without touching a fetus . 
 placentas , in this case . 
 they had to get another test kit , using another needle in order to sample from both babies . 
 babies . 
 i still could n't believe it . 
 they helped me when they finished the test , loading jasmine and me up with post-care instructions to reduce both self-injury and the risk of miscarriage . 
 does it matter ? 
 i thought bleakly . 
 a miscarriage would take the decision away from me . 
 it 'd be out of my hands . 
 for now , one tiny problem did present itself : getting home . 
 i was sore and did n't feel like driving . 
 in fact , i 'd been advised not to . 
 jasmine helpfully offered to . 
 `` i know for a fact you do n't have a license , '' i told her . 
 i was leaning against my car , baking in welcome sunshine . 
 `` no , but i can drive . 
 come on , it 's not that far . 
 and you certainly ca n't . 
 what do you want to do ? 
 call tim and let him know what 's going on ? '' 
 she challenged . 
 i wanted my mom , i realized . 
 i wanted my mom to come and drive me home - to her home . 
 i wanted her to take care of me and talk to me like she used to . 
 i wanted her to fix all this . 
 i blinked rapidly and turned my head , not wanting jasmine to see me tear up . 
 `` fine . '' 
 i held out the keys . 
 `` if we get pulled over , the ticket 's coming out of your allowance . '' 
 to her credit , she drove responsibly , and she was right - it was n't far . 
 i tilted my seat back slightly , wanting to sleep for the next few days or however long it would take to get back my results . 
 i did n't want to endure the waiting . 
 i could n't endure the waiting . 
 the car 's silence and rhythm nearly took me under until jasmine spoke . 
 `` so , '' she said matter-of-factly . 
 `` if they 're boys , you get an abortion . 
 if they 're girls ... '' `` then i do n't . '' 
 i had n't realized i 'd made my decision until that moment . 
 when i 'd heard those heartbeats ... well , it did n't matter if motherhood and drastic body changes scared the hell out of me . 
 if i had two daughters , daughters unconnected to any prophecy , i would have them . 
 i 'd figure parenting out . 
 `` if they 're girls , i 'll keep them . '' 
 she nodded and said nothing more until we were turning down my street . 
 honestly , i was surprised she waited that long because i 'd already known what else she was dying to ask . 
 `` eugenie ? '' 
 `` yes , jasmine ? '' 
 `` what are you going to do if one 's a boy and one 's a girl ? '' 
 i stared ahead at my house . 
 i suddenly did n't want to sleep just for the next few days . 
 i wanted to sleep for the next nine months . 
 or seven months . 
 or whatever . 
 i did n't answer her question . 
 i decided it would be best not to mention the twins thing to kiyo . 
 as it was , i was having a hard enough time processing it . 
 twins . 
 twins ? 
 this was the ultimate `` when it rains , it pours '' cliche . 
 i 'd gotten pregnant through an idiotic slip , putting me right in the line of the prophecy i 'd tried to avoid for so long . 
 and now , just when i 'd managed to coax an early test so i could nip this situation in the bud , i was faced with a potential situation that i never , never could have foreseen . 
 kiyo had been right . 
 i should have terminated the pregnancy the instant i found out , before i knew more about it . 
 it was becoming real now . 
 every detail i learned made it more substantial , giving more life to what i carried within me . 
 it 's not too late . 
 you do n't have to wait for the results . 
 maybe it 's better if you do n't . 
 i 'd boldly told jasmine that i 'd keep the twins if they were girls , but the reality of that was harsh . 
 how would i raise two children ? 
 i did n't know if i could handle one . 
 how could i manage motherhood when half my life was spent in another world ? 
 how could i even keep working ? 
 would i get a nanny - or force my kids onto someone like tim or my mom ? 
 that latter seemed pretty unlikely . 
 and then , of course , i was faced with the most mundane problem of all . 
 money . 
 `` you 're going to be in serious trouble if you do n't start working again soon , '' lara told me the day after i 'd seen the doctor . 
 she 'd spent the night again and was sitting at my kitchen table with me . 
 in front of her , a laptop showed an array of spreadsheets . 
 `` you 're still okay ... but it wo n't last . 
 part of your money goes into the business 's account - the one i 'm paid from . 
 the other profits go to your savings . 
 the first one 's running pretty low ... and if it goes empty ... '' `` we go into my savings , '' i finished . 
 she nodded . 
 her face was grim , a far cry from the giddiness she 'd shown when she and tim had stumbled out of bed this morning . 
 a bitter part of me thought maybe i could pick up extra cash by charging her rent . 
 i dismissed that , of course . 
 none of this was her fault . 
 `` i know there 's ... stuff ... going on , eugenie , but why ca n't you start taking more jobs ? 
 you cut the workload before , and we still did okay , but now ... there 's next to nothing . 
 your savings ca n't hold out that long . 
 and what on earth did enrique do that got us such a large bill ? '' 
 i ignored that and simply stared at the numbers on the screen , my heart sinking . 
 `` i 've got a lot of equity in the house . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 her jaw nearly dropped . 
 `` you 'd risk your house instead of just taking on more work ? '' 
 a terrible image came to my mind : me , trapped in some small apartment with two screaming babies . 
 end it , just end it . 
 `` it 's just an option , '' i pointed out . 
 `` a safety net . 
 and speaking of which ... did you talk to enrique ? '' 
 lara nodded . 
 `` i did . 
 i 'm going to do a little administrative work for him on the side . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 one less thing to feel guilty about . 
 `` you 'll be okay then . '' 
 `` this is n't about me ! 
 i do n't understand . 
 why ca n't you just take a couple of jobs ? 
 i 've got reams of requests ! 
 there are easy ones , like that ghost the other day . '' 
 i tried to hide my dismay at that . 
 `` i have n't been feeling well , that 's all . 
 and this is kind of a physical line of work . '' 
 lara 's blue eyes scrutinized me for several seconds . 
 `` then maybe you 're the one who needs to be looking for another job . '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 i exclaimed . 
 `` this is what i do . 
 it 's the only thing i do . '' 
 `` but if you 're sick - '' `` i 'm fine . 
 i 'm seeing the doctor tomorrow and then ... '' i faltered . 
 and then what ? 
 `` and then i 'll be fine . 
 back to work . 
 my appointment 's at noon , so hell , you could schedule something later that afternoon . 
 find me a troll or a banshee . '' 
 she sighed . 
 `` i did n't mean to upset you . '' 
 `` i 'm not upset . '' 
 but it was a lie . 
 my volume had increased without my realizing it , and i felt flushed . 
 lara rose , shutting the laptop and picking up her plate . 
 `` just get yourself better . 
 we can figure this out then . 
 do you need a ride or anything tomorrow ? '' 
 `` i 'm not that sick , '' i told her . 
 and , of course , i could always have my unlicensed teenage sister drive me . 
 `` we 'll be back in business again soon , you 'll see . '' 
 lara gave me a tight smile , trying to hide concern but failing . 
 she wandered off to tim 's bedroom , and jasmine sat up on the couch , where she 'd overheard everything . 
 `` that 's a good idea , you know , '' she said . 
 `` sell this place . 
 just move to the otherworld with the kids . '' 
 i started to rebuke her but paused . 
 it was an option . 
 i 'd have plenty of daycare there - a whole castle of babysitters . 
 my daughters would be raised like royalty . 
 they were royalty . 
 but raising them there meant they 'd probably lose whatever humanity was in them . 
 they would be gentry for all intents and purposes . 
 was that what i wanted ? 
 it was already happening to me . 
 `` they may be boys , '' i reminded jasmine . 
 `` then it 's back to work . '' 
 kiyo called that night , wanting to know if i 'd heard anything . 
 i told him it was too soon for the results but that i 'd let him know when the doctor called . 
 it was a small lie . 
 as i 'd slipped to lara , i was actually going back to the office for the results . 
 twins had popped me into a high-risk category , apparently , and along with delivering the results in person , they 'd wanted to do another ultrasound . 
 i did n't want kiyo around for that , obviously , but i would n't have minded him coming over that night . 
 i wanted the contact , the love . 
 most importantly , i wanted to feel like he was n't repulsed by me in my current state . 
 when noon came the next day , i went like someone going to her own funeral . 
 my mind was blank , unable to focus on anything , and jasmine probably would have been a safer driver . 
 she 'd come along ; there 'd been no discussion . 
 neither of us spoke on the drive over , and i could see she was wound just as tightly with tension . 
 whatever happened , it was going to be big . 
 `` soon , '' i murmured as we walked in . 
 `` soon this 'll be over , one way or another . '' 
 or not so soon . 
 the office was running behind , and it was like the continuation of some cosmic joke . 
 i 'd been counting down the seconds until this moment , and now the wait was indefinite while dr. sartori caught up with his schedule . 
 admittedly , i 'd never felt angry at doctors who fell behind . 
 i figured it just meant they were giving needed time and care to their patients . 
 maybe he was tied up because some other woman had discovered she was having a world-conquering monster . 
 `` eugenie ? '' 
 the sound of my name made me flinch . 
 a nurse smiled serenely at me . 
 `` we 're ready for you . '' 
 it was a repeat of before , changing into a gown and getting on the examination table . 
 this is it , this is it . 
 dr. sartori was back , but a different tech worked today . 
 her name was ruth , and she had a kindly , almost grandmotherly air that felt reassuring . 
 like she could maybe fix all this . 
 dr. sartori had a file of papers he began flipping through as ruth lubed up my stomach . 
 again , i stared , still having a hard time believing there were two living beings in there . 
 `` well , '' he said . 
 `` i have good news . '' 
 jasmine made a sound that almost sounded like a laugh . 
 a bitter one , that is . 
 like me , she knew there was little that was going to be good here . 
 in fact , things soon got worse . 
 a knock sounded at the door , and the nurse i 'd seen earlier stuck her head in . 
 `` i 'm sorry to interrupt you , '' she said . 
 her eyes fell on me . 
 `` there 's a man here who says he 's your boyfriend and that he was running late for the exam . '' 
 my mouth went dry . 
 `` kiyo ? '' 
 i managed . 
 `` that 's him . 
 i 'll go get him . '' 
 she 'd taken my id of kiyo as confirmation and acceptance . 
 i opened my mouth to protest , but she was gone . 
 i started to tell one of the others to go stop her , but by that point , ruth 's paddle had made contact . 
 the screen again showed shadowy forms , and the sound of those rapid heartbeats filled the room . 
 `` there they are , '' said dr. sartori . 
 `` we can wait for your boyfriend before getting to the results . '' 
 `` no , we - '' the nurse returned with kiyo , who was all charm and smiles as he introduced himself . 
 `` sorry i 'm late . 
 i had the time wrong . 
 lara corrected me . '' 
 that last part was to me , and despite the pleasant expression on his face , i saw a hard look in his eyes . 
 he did n't like the deception . 
 i had kept this from him , lying about when i 'd get the results . 
 how had he found me ? 
 lara had known the time but not the place . 
 for a moment , i thought jasmine might be playing a game , but her face showed shock and wariness at his arrival . 
 she was as surprised as me . 
 the referral , i realized . 
 he 'd read it before and knew which doctor i was seeing . 
 `` well , then , '' continued dr. sartori . 
 `` now that we 're all here , we can go over everything . 
 you can rest easy about your family history . 
 no trace of anything abnormal in either one . 
 both of the fetuses ' genetic tests came back fine . '' 
 it was a sign of kiyo 's self-control that he said nothing because i could have sworn the word both ? 
 was on his lips . 
 his only reaction was another sharp look at me , his expression growing darker as he realized what i 'd been hiding . 
 the doctor and tech were watching the monitor , so they did n't see what jasmine and i did . 
 `` and you know ... you know the gender ? '' 
 i asked . 
 dr. sartori nodded . 
 `` you ca n't actually see it on the ultrasound now , but the one ruth 's got a close-up of now ... that 's a girl . '' 
 i exhaled in relief , and yet ... somehow , i knew what his next words would be as ruth shifted to the other amorphous blob . 
 `` and this one 's a boy . '' 
 silence so cold and so heavy fell that i could n't believe neither of the office 's staff noticed the lack of joy this news was receiving . 
 `` a girl , '' said kiyo . 
 `` and a boy . '' 
 dr. sartori nodded , flipping through a few more pages . 
 `` based on what you 've told us and what we can see , we 're putting your due date around the end of october . 
 although , with twins , you 're at a higher risk for early delivery , so we 'll be seeing you more often than in a normal pregnancy . 
 and while this test gives us a lot of info , it does n't tell everything , so you 'll have others soon . 
 you have n't had any pain since the cvs , have you ? 
 any reactions ? '' 
 `` no , '' i said flatly . 
 my eyes were on those images , my world dominated by those heartbeats . 
 `` good . 
 you 'll still want to take it easy to avoid any miscarriage risk . '' 
 he went over a few more issues , told me when to come back , and then asked if we had any questions . 
 i half-expected kiyo to ask for an abortion then and there , but he was still biting back his words . 
 it was going to be a for later conversation , i knew . 
 ruth cleaned me up and then retreated with the doctor . 
 they gestured kiyo along with them . 
 `` it 's crowded , '' said dr. sartori good-naturedly . 
 `` you can meet up in the waiting room to schedule your next appointment . '' 
 `` yes , '' said kiyo , eyes boring into me . 
 `` we 'll talk out there . '' 
 i forced a pained smile , and jasmine turned anxiously toward me the second the door shut . 
 `` he is pissed , '' she said . 
 `` i know . 
 you do n't have to tell me . '' 
 i pulled on my clothes , my limbs feeling leaden . 
 `` oh god . 
 i ca n't believe this is happening . 
 why ? 
 why did i defy the odds ? 
 it was a one in three chance . 
 one in three ! '' 
 my voice was turning hysterical , as i begged this teen girl for answers . 
 `` all girls . 
 all boys . 
 either was more likely than this . 
 why could n't it have been one of those ? 
 why could n't we have had an easy fix ? '' 
 jasmine 's face was solemn . 
 `` but you do . 
 you said if one was a boy , you 'd still have an abortion . 
 you said you 'd do it . '' 
 there was a challenge in her voice . 
 i finished putting on my shoes and looked away from her . 
 the monitor was black , the room silent , but i could still hear the heartbeats in my head . 
 if i had an abortion to ensure the prophecy was n't fulfilled , i 'd be taking an innocent life . 
 my daughter - that concept was still crazy to me - had no part in this . 
 it was n't her fault her brother was destined for blood and destruction . 
 really , was it even his fault ? 
 there was hardly anything to him yet . 
 just a shadow . 
 and a heartbeat . 
 how could you dictate the future of someone not even born ? 
 how could you know what he would turn into ? 
 was anyone 's potential really set in stone ? 
 and how could i be the one to kill that potential ? 
 how could i silence that heartbeat ? 
 either of them . 
 `` eugenie ? '' 
 jasmine 's voice was puzzled . 
 `` you 're going to do it , right ? '' 
 i lifted my eyes from my feet . 
 `` i - i do n't know . '' 
 `` you have to . '' 
 a new voice spoke in the room . 
 my skin tingled , and suddenly , deanna materialized before us . 
 i jumped . 
 in light of everything else that had been happening in my life , she 'd kind of gone off my radar . 
 i 'd left her in enrique 's hands and assumed that everything was settled with her when she had n't answered my summoning . 
 `` what the hell ? '' 
 i demanded . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 so much for her moving on . 
 deanna looked like she always did , wearing that desolate look ghosts so often had . 
 `` what ? '' 
 exclaimed jasmine . 
 i did n't share her concern . 
 `` damn it . 
 i should have banished you the first time i saw you . 
 i do n't have time for this , not with everything else . 
 you should be in the underworld by now . 
 kiyo is n't going to kill me . '' 
 `` i 'm serious ! '' 
 said deanna , as frantic as a ghost could get . 
 `` you 're in danger ! '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` look , i 'm sorry about your husband ... really , i am . 
 but not every guy is homicidal . 
 do n't transfer this to me . '' 
 `` i 'm not ! 
 this is real . 
 i was going to move on after ... after ... well , after my husband was arrested ... '' there was a mournful pause . 
 her story had come to a close , but it had n't had a happy ending . 
 `` i wanted to say good-bye formally and went looking for you ... but found kiyo instead ... '' i put my hands on my hips , wishing i 'd brought my wand . 
 i did not need a delusional ghost , not with everything else right now . 
 `` and then he said he was going to kill me ? '' 
 `` no . 
 he told that other queen he would . '' 
 that cut off my snark , leaving me speechless for a moment . 
 `` what other queen ? '' 
 demanded jasmine . 
 `` the blond one . 
 the willow queen . '' 
 jasmine and i exchanged looks . 
 suddenly , deanna 's crazy statements had become slightly less crazy . 
 `` what exactly did you overhear ? '' 
 i asked quietly . 
 `` he told her you were pregnant and that you 'd have an abortion if it was a boy ... but that he was concerned . 
 he was worried because you had n't just done it already . '' 
 deanna looked back and forth between our faces , desperate for either of us to believe her . 
 `` he said it was probably just shock and that you 'd ` do the right thing , ' but that if you did n't ... well , maiwenn said they 'd have to make you lose the baby . 
 or ... if that did n't work ... that kiyo would kill you . '' 
 `` that 's insane , '' i said . 
 `` kiyo would n't kill me . '' 
 `` kiyo does n't want the prophecy to come true , '' said jasmine . 
 `` it 's not that insane . '' 
 i turned on her . 
 `` he loves me . 
 this whole idea ... it 's ridiculous . '' 
 `` why would i lie ? '' 
 said deanna . 
 `` you helped me . 
 i 'm helping you by warning you before i move on to the next world . 
 i 'm telling you , i heard them . 
 kiyo swore he 'd make sure the prophecy could n't be fulfilled . '' 
 `` kiyo . 
 loves . 
 me . '' 
 `` dorian loves you too , '' pointed out jasmine . 
 `` and look what he did . 
 when you think about it , kiyo 's the type who 'd think one tragic loss of life was worth saving many . 
 or something stupid like that . '' 
 `` he would . '' 
 admitting it surprised me , and yet ... as the meaning of deanna 's words sank deeper and deeper , i remembered my first meeting with kiyo . 
 he 'd found me on maiwenn 's orders . 
 they had n't known what kind of person i was , if i 'd wanted to fulfill the prophecy or not . 
 he 'd never said so explicitly , but my impression had been that both were willing to go to extreme means to stop storm king 's heir from being born . 
 our relationship had obviously changed since then , but maybe ... maybe some things had n't ... `` but he would n't go that far , '' i finished . 
 `` do you want to take that chance ? '' 
 asked jasmine softly . 
 `` maybe he would n't really kill you , but you heard what he said about maiwenn 's ` magic ' abortion . '' 
 what had deanna claimed ? 
 that kiyo and maiwenn had planned to make me terminate the pregnancy if i would n't willingly ? 
 `` we just need to talk , '' i said , hoping i sounded convincing . 
 my next words gave me away . 
 `` somewhere i know i 'm safe . '' 
 `` kiyo 's in the waiting room , '' said jasmine , seeing that i was finally taking this seriously . 
 `` is this a safe place ? '' 
 `` probably not . '' 
 i had finished getting dressed . 
 `` there must be a back door . 
 there 's always a back door . 
 we 'll go ... we 'll go home . 
 i 'll get my weapons , and then we 'll go to the otherworld . 
 he and i can talk about this reasonably in the thorn land . 
 i 'll be safe there . '' 
 `` you 'll never make it there , '' said deanna . 
 i 'd practically forgotten about her . 
 `` he can follow you . 
 as soon as you leave here , he 'll know and come after you . '' 
 `` how could he - '' i lightly touched my upper arm , the spot where kiyo 's nails had barely dug in the other night . 
 i took a deep , shaking breath . 
 `` he marked me , '' i said . 
 he 'd scratched me the first night we 'd met too , leaving a long-healing wound that allowed him to track me wherever i went . 
 this one was smaller but would work just as well . 
 jasmine was already moving toward the door , so full of tension and purpose that she seemed much older . 
 `` we 'll just go straight to the otherworld then . 
 you 'll be safe there . 
 where 's the nearest gateway ? '' 
 i racked my brain , thinking of our location . 
 `` by morriswood park . 
 farther than i 'd like . '' 
 `` well , we have to go soon . 
 if we stay here any longer , the doctor 'll come ask what 's wrong , '' said jasmine . 
 `` and we ca n't let kiyo find us in the parking lot . '' 
 `` you 'll never make it to the park in time , '' wailed deanna . 
 i scowled , but she was right . 
 jasmine looked at me questioningly . 
 for a moment , i considered calling volusian , but he might happily kill kiyo and claim it was in my defense . 
 i was n't ready for that . 
 `` i know where we can go , '' i said . 
 `` come on . '' 
 we left the exam room , stepping out into the hallway . 
 i turned with purpose , opposite the direction of the waiting room we 'd entered from . 
 this took us deeper into the clinic , past more examining rooms and their lab . 
 a couple staff members passed us , but we walked confidently enough that no one stopped us . 
 they probably assumed we 'd been directed somewhere . 
 meanwhile , my eyes were searching for an exit sign . 
 there had to be a back door . 
 surely hypocritical health professionals had to go somewhere to smoke . 
 `` there . '' 
 i nodded toward an exit sign , praying it did n't lead to a fire door , which would be of no use to us . 
 nope . 
 it was just an ordinary door , one probably used for maintenance or shipments . 
 someone did notice us then and start to ask what we were doing , but by then , we were outside and behind the building . 
 `` eugenie , where are we going ? '' 
 asked jasmine anxiously . 
 deanna had faded away , perhaps now finally leaving this world after fulfilling what she believed to be her last duty . 
 as we walked briskly toward my car , some part of me kept wanting to think she 'd lied . 
 but why ? 
 as she 'd said , she had no reason . 
 she 'd held true to me before . 
 and with every passing second , i grew more and more conflicted , wondering what i should believe . 
 kiyo loved me . 
 he 'd gone out of his way to win me back ... but he was firmly set on protecting the human world . 
 at any cost ? 
 we 'd see . 
 deanna was mistaken ; she had to be . 
 my worst fate was probably going to be kiyo 's talking me to death . 
 we got in the car , and i did briefly consider trying to make a break for morriswood park and its otherworldly gate . 
 after all , what was kiyo going to do ? 
 get in a high speed chase with us ? 
 the thing was , with that mark , he would be able to track me . 
 he could probably feel me moving away now . 
 if we headed anywhere near the park he 'd figure it out . 
 he 'd either try to beat us there or just catch up with us on the other side . 
 no , i had to go somewhere else . 
 somewhere with protection . 
 somewhere i could be sure i was safe until all of this madness was settled . 
 jasmine 's face grew increasingly troubled as we drove away from the doctor 's office . 
 she kept glancing back , as though expecting to see kiyo right on our bumper . 
 when we turned into a suburban neighborhood , her worry shifted to confusion . 
 `` what is this ? '' 
 `` home , '' i replied , pulling into the driveway of a well-kept house surrounded by trees and flowers . 
 a fence enclosed the backyard but could n't hide the efforts someone had made to turn a tucson backyard into something lush and green . 
 the gate in the fence was unlocked as i 'd known it would be . 
 the yard was unoccupied , save for birds and insects . 
 the house 's patio door had its glass open , covered only by a screen that let in the afternoon air . 
 it too would be unlocked . 
 `` kiyo wo n't really do it , '' i muttered , as i jerked the door open . 
 `` maybe he 's upset ... but we can talk this out . 
 deanna overreacted . 
 we 're overreacting . '' 
 we stepped into a small breakfast nook , and in the adjacent kitchen , a man spun around . 
 my heart leapt when i saw him . 
 the familiar , kind face . 
 the graying hair . 
 the tattoos of whorls and fishes . 
 it felt like a lifetime since our last meeting . 
 roland . 
 i 'd gone to my parents ' house . 
 roland 's reactions were those of a man who 'd spent years fighting and training , but even that did n't prepare him for the sight of us . 
 astonishment filled his features , quickly giving way to outrage . 
 `` eugenie ! 
 what are you - '' `` get your weapons , '' i ordered , casting an uneasy glance behind me . 
 jasmine followed as i strode toward him . 
 `` whatever you 've got in the house . '' 
 he did n't move . 
 `` you know you 're not - '' `` get them ! '' 
 i exclaimed . 
 `` we do n't have time for this ! '' 
 i do n't know what look i wore on my face , but it was enough to pierce the walls of hurt and anger he 'd built between us since learning of my involvement in the otherworld . 
 i 'd taken a risk coming here , a gamble that no matter what happened , roland would protect me . 
 and i was right . 
 he transformed before my eyes , suddenly the concerned and caring stepfather i 'd grown up with . 
 `` what 's - '' before he could finish , the screen door flew open . 
 kiyo stood there , face dark and stormy . 
 `` what the hell are you doing ? '' 
 he demanded . 
 `` why did you take off ? '' 
 `` you first , '' i said , taking a step back toward roland . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 jasmine moved to my other side . 
 my eyes were on kiyo , but i could sense roland bracing for battle . 
 maybe he did n't know what was going on , but anyone could have seen how dangerous kiyo was . 
 `` i wanted to talk to you , and you disappeared ! '' 
 kiyo moved forward a little but stopped , recognizing the united front that roland and i - and yes , even jasmine - presented . 
 `` talk ? 
 is that all you wanted to do ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 of course . '' 
 kiyo glanced between all of us . 
 `` you promised , eugenie . 
 you promised if it was a boy , you 'd get rid of it . '' 
 `` there 's a girl too ! '' 
 i exclaimed . 
 `` you ca n't get rid of one without the other . '' 
 `` it does n't matter , '' he said . 
 `` the consequences are too big . '' 
 `` i ca n't kill an innocent . 
 she has n't done anything . '' 
 `` not directly . 
 letting her live means he lives . 
 and there 's nothing innocent there . 
 he ca n't live . 
 eugenie , you know that . 
 i 'm not trying to be cruel . 
 please . 
 do what 's right . '' 
 jasmine and roland remained silent as this drama played out . 
 meanwhile , i realized how sickened the language of this whole matter continued to make me . 
 get rid of it . 
 he ca n't live . 
 `` you 're so quick to kill your own children , '' i said in disbelief , echoing what jasmine had said a few days before . 
 `` do n't you feel any remorse ? 
 you know better than me what it 's like to be a parent ! '' 
 `` yes , '' he said , clenching his fists . 
 `` i do know . 
 and it 's amazing . 
 i wish you could know what it 's like ... '' `` but i ca n't ? 
 i ca n't have the same chance you and maiwenn had ? '' 
 kiyo shook his head . 
 `` you are n't the same as maiwenn . 
 you ca n't ever be . '' 
 it was like a gut-punch . 
 i was stunned into silence , and a bit of his fierceness eased . 
 i think he read my reaction as acceptance . 
 `` look , i do n't get this , '' he said . 
 `` i do n't get why you 're resisting all of this after what you 've always said ! 
 you never wanted a baby - any baby . 
 if you 've changed your mind , then ... well , try again . 
 you just ca n't have these . '' 
 `` and what then ? 
 i just keep having abortions until a girl comes along ? 
 what kind of a sick bastard are you ? '' 
 i moved forward without realizing it , my anger exploding . 
 roland put a hand on my arm , keeping me back . 
 it was n't affection . 
 it was a warning . 
 it was defensive strategy , keeping us together . 
 `` i 'm trying to protect the human world , '' kiyo said . 
 he had n't come any closer , but he was as ready as we were , his reflexes even faster . 
 `` and you should be too . '' 
 `` and what happens if i do n't do what you want ? '' 
 i asked quietly . 
 here it was , the moment of truth . 
 he sighed . 
 `` i do n't want it to come to that . '' 
 `` to what ? '' 
 my voice rose sharply , the anguish in me ready to explode . 
 `` what will you do ? '' 
 `` i 'll take you to maiwenn - by force . 
 and then ... and then she 'll take care of it . '' 
 `` the hell you will , '' i said . 
 goddamnit , i wished i had a weapon . 
 i almost always traveled with them - but not to the doctor 's office . 
 out of the corner of my eye , i saw roland 's hand rest on the counter and wrap around something . 
 a wand . 
 he 'd had his wand in the kitchen . 
 but of course he would . 
 unlike me , he had n't become careless . 
 `` i 'll never let that happen . 
 you guys are n't going to experiment on me ! '' 
 kiyo 's face displayed a mix of emotions . 
 there was sorrow and disappointment . 
 he did care . 
 he did n't want this fight between us - but he also believed in his greater good . 
 he believed he had to do anything to stop the prophecy , and i knew then that deanna had spoken the truth . 
 ideally , he just wanted the pregnancy to end . 
 if that was n't possible , then i was what needed to be eliminated . 
 `` how can you do this ? '' 
 he asked , his voice both a threat and a plea . 
 `` how can you risk all this - just to save one life ? '' 
 it was only in that moment , as the words left my lips , that i learned the truth about myself , what i 'd been holding deep inside . 
 the girl and boy thing did n't matter . 
 only the heartbeats did - those tiny , rapid heartbeats pounding in my ears ... `` i 'm not , '' i told him . 
 `` i 'm saving two lives . '' 
 i sealed my fate with that . 
 kiyo moved so fast that i was n't prepared for the attack . 
 he sprang toward me , shape-shifting as he did into his giant fox form , fangs out , snarling . 
 a blast of wind slowed - but did n't stop - his leap , providing enough time for roland to jerk me out of the way . 
 the wind magic had n't come from me . 
 it had been jasmine , which was why the power had n't packed much of a punch . 
 the unaccustomed magic left her gasping , but it had been enough to buy us a brief escape . 
 roland pulled me out of the kitchen , out to where we had more space to maneuver in the living room . 
 kiyo followed without hesitation , all brute strength and speed . 
 `` he can be banished , '' i gasped out to roland . 
 `` the same as a gentry . '' 
 roland gave a brisk nod of acknowledgment . 
 he already knew this , but in the sudden flurry , he did n't have the necessary pause to do a full banishing . 
 kiyo reached us , throwing himself on me and pushing me away from roland . 
 i fell hard to the ground , kiyo 's weight pinning me there . 
 as quickly as he 'd turned fox , he transformed back into a man . 
 still displaying amazing speed , he pulled me up by the arm . 
 i did n't know if his intentions were simply to cart me out of the house or to attempt a world-jump then and there , but i did n't give him the chance . 
 i 'd recovered my senses and took hold of my magic . 
 the air grew thick , and a hurricane-worthy gust blasted him away - along with a substantial part of my parents ' furniture . 
 kiyo grimaced as he regained his footing and agonizingly took one step at a time toward me . 
 `` damn it ! '' 
 he yelled over the roar of the wind . 
 `` stop this ! '' 
 `` you stop this ! '' 
 i shouted back . 
 the magic burned in my blood , and no matter how annoyingly weak the pregnancy had made me , my power had n't diminished too much . 
 `` we do n't even know that this prophecy 's real ! 
 i 've already met one fake seeress . 
 it could all be for nothing . '' 
 roland and my mother had once told me that prophecies were a dime a dozen in the otherworld , and i 'd seen that to a certain extent . 
 until now , i 'd never wanted to take the chance that mine would n't come true . 
 `` but we do n't know ! '' 
 kiyo countered . 
 i could see the irritation on his face . 
 i was keeping a storm raging around me , one that held him at bay while hopefully roland began a banishing . 
 `` we ca n't risk it . 
 please . 
 please come back with me to maiwenn . 
 we 'll fix this . '' 
 i did n't answer and instead kept the storm going . 
 my gaze stayed on kiyo , but i felt the tingle of shamanic magic - human magic - beginning to glimmer . 
 roland was indeed performing a banishing spell . 
 kiyo transformed into a fox again , and with that extra strength , he managed to push through the storm-shield around me and knock me to the ground again . 
 he stayed as a fox this time , holding onto that strength . 
 his teeth bit into my shirt , through to my shoulder , and i yelled out in pain . 
 my magic wavered , and to my astonishment , he began dragging me - slowly - across the living room . 
 his progress was halted when a small end table slammed into his back . 
 i tell you , those things are lethal . 
 instinctively , he reared up against his attacker : jasmine . 
 he shoved her away , and she stumbled back . 
 snarling , kiyo returned to me , and i had the uneasy feeling my odds were getting worse as to whether he 'd cart me away or just kill me . 
 he could hold on to human thoughts in fox form , but they became increasingly influenced by animal reactions the longer he stayed transformed . 
 he suddenly looked away from me , gold eyes on roland , who stood planted firmly across the room with his wand extended . 
 i 'd sensed the banishing earlier because of my training . 
 now , with the spell in full force , kiyo could feel it too . 
 abandoning me for the new threat , kiyo raced toward roland . 
 i screamed as all that animal power slammed into my stepfather , pinning him against the wall . 
 the wand flew from roland 's hand . 
 the banishing spell disintegrated . 
 kiyo shifted to human form again , still trapping roland . 
 roland was strong but could n't match kiyo 's strength . 
 struggling was useless . 
 `` stop it , '' cried kiyo . 
 `` both of you . '' 
 his arm pressed against roland 's neck . 
 roland managed a gasp as the grip cut off his air . 
 immediately , i let the storm magic around me drop . 
 as i did , i felt that jasmine had been lending her strength to me without me even realizing it . 
 she too ceased her wielding and struggled up from where she 'd been knocked down , coming to stand with me once again . 
 the room fell eerily still . 
 `` let him go , '' i growled , moving slightly forward . 
 i knew i could n't win against kiyo in a physical fight , but i also could n't let him harm roland . 
 `` this is n't about him . 
 do n't hurt him . '' 
 `` believe me , '' said kiyo , `` i do n't want to . '' 
 his eyes were dark and human again , but there was still some feral glint in there . 
 `` come with me , and i 'll release him . '' 
 `` come with you , '' i said flatly . 
 `` to maiwenn 's ? '' 
 `` you 'll thank me later , '' said kiyo . 
 my mind raced frantically . 
 roland was struggling for breath . 
 how much longer did he have ? 
 would kiyo really kill him ? 
 i wondered if i could get off another blast of magic . 
 another attack of wind ? 
 lightning ? 
 i could create a controlled bolt indoors , but it 'd probably kill both men . 
 and if i went with kiyo ... let him take me to maiwenn ... well . 
 there 'd be no getting out of that , no escape . 
 roland looked ready to pass out . 
 his blue eyes were fixed on me , and then , quickly , he glanced toward my feet . 
 i thought it was him about to lose consciousness , but then i saw the purpose in his eyes . 
 his wand was near my feet , within easy reach . 
 i did n't let on to kiyo that i 'd noticed . 
 roland 's eyes returned to me , some message there . 
 `` please , '' i begged , wondering frantically what roland wanted me to do . 
 `` let him go . '' 
 i could n't pull off a banishing spell . 
 there was n't enough time . 
 kiyo would release roland , true , but then i 'd be the one attacked again . 
 i honestly did n't know how long kiyo would play it safe . 
 he was attempting `` reasonable '' solutions : force me to go to maiwenn , blackmail with roland , et cetera . 
 sooner or later , if he truly believed the prophecy 's threat , he would simply eliminate me . 
 roland was still staring at me , still wanting me to do something he thought would save us . 
 he 'd trained me . 
 surely i could figure it out . 
 i had to . 
 what could a wand do ? 
 it cast spells . 
 it banished creatures , sending them out of this world ... i felt my eyes widen . 
 i knew what he was telling me to do . 
 doing it would save him , i was certain , because kiyo would release him and come after me ... into the otherworld . 
 roland wanted me to open a gateway for myself . 
 i could do it . 
 it was a fast spell , one i had the power for . 
 forcing another being through was what took so much time and effort . 
 but opening the gate and stepping through ? 
 that could be done quickly . 
 if it could be done . 
 getting in was easy . 
 passing through the worlds unassisted was hard , and i 'd even had trouble going through fixed , physical gates lately in my weakened state . 
 making a blind , unaided transition might not even be possible for me . 
 i 'd done it once before , and it had required a lot of power . 
 and dear god , had it hurt . 
 if i could do it , though ... i 'd get away from kiyo , and kiyo would let roland go in order to chase me down . 
 this could buy me the time to flee to safety . 
 the only thing that might make it possible was that i had anchors in the otherworld to help pull me in . 
 if i jumped with no solid destination , i could end up trapped between the worlds , my essence disintegrated . 
 hell , that might still happen , but an anchor would reduce the likelihood . 
 i did n't know where i was in relation to the otherworld 's layout , but the closest anchor would pull me in if this worked . 
 time to find out . 
 with speed that rivaled kiyo 's , i reached for the wand and then grabbed hold of jasmine 's hand . 
 bringing her only made my task more difficult , but i would n't leave her to kiyo . 
 with the wand , i summoned the necessary magic and ripped open a gate to the otherworld . 
 kiyo realized what was happening and released roland , trying to reach me - but it was too late . 
 i threw myself into the opening , clinging to jasmine , and knew it would shut immediately behind us , simply because i could n't hold open a personal gate for long . 
 it felt just as painful as last time , like i was crashing through the floors in a building . 
 down , down , down . 
 smash , smash , smash . 
 each layer was more agonizing than the last , and with each blow , i felt like i was being torn apart . 
 it was likely i was , and i would destroy jasmine with me , ripping our souls from our bodies . 
 then , i sensed a tug . 
 my soul turned toward it , and i felt my fractured self coalesce and become whole , even as that falling , excruciating sensation continued . 
 then - there was only one impact left : a real one . 
 jasmine and i slammed into a hard stone floor . 
 my body cried out at the pain . 
 true , physical pain . 
 i had already been hurting from the fight with kiyo , and now , crashing through the worlds had taken that pain to new levels . 
 nausea welled up in me , and i fought hard not to throw up . 
 i could hear jasmine whimpering , but the sights around us were a blur as my disoriented mind tried to get a hold of itself . 
 finally , the world came into focus , the colors and lines growing sharp once more . 
 a faint hum of magic in the air , one that was always present , told me i 'd made it intact to the otherworld . 
 `` ow . '' 
 i squeezed my eyes shut as another wave of nausea rolled through me . 
 control , control . 
 a few deep breaths later , i opened my eyes and met dorian 's gaze . 
 `` unexpected , '' he said in that dry way of his . 
 `` and unwelcome . '' 
 i sat at the base of his throne in the banquet hall , which was packed . 
 it must have been mealtime , but no one was paying attention to the food . 
 they were all on their feet , staring at the evening entertainment that had literally dropped into their midst . 
 i peered around , wondering how i 'd been drawn to this spot and then found it - the slinky i 'd left here as my anchor . 
 it had once had its own little room , but now sat on a table beside dorian 's throne , one he kept small treasures and knickknacks on to amuse him when holding court . 
 odd placement . 
 there was no time to ponder that , though . 
 i turned to jasmine who looked as disoriented and sick as i felt but did n't seem to have suffered any permanent damage . 
 her body and soul were intact , which was what counted . 
 i looked back at dorian and tried to stand up , but my legs gave way beneath me . 
 i started to fall and clutched his robe instinctively . 
 jasmine , with surprising speed , moved in to catch my arm and steady me . 
 `` hospitality , '' i gasped out . 
 `` please . '' 
 dorian 's unwelcome comment had been a reminder that i currently did n't have hospitality and that i was technically trespassing and fully vulnerable to attack within his walls . 
 yet , the fact that i had n't already been removed was a good sign , and though his expression more or less remained unchanged , there was a spark of curiosity in his eyes . 
 he could n't ignore me on my knees , begging him for protection . 
 not yet . 
 no matter how angry he was at me , this kind of novelty was too irresistible for his nature . 
 he started to speak , undoubtedly ready with some witty quip , but was interrupted when jasmine clutched at him and added her pleas to mine . 
 `` please . 
 give us your protection . 
 hurry ! '' 
 dorian frowned , no longer able to hide his curiosity and surprise . 
 `` the daughters of storm king , begging me for help after one made it quite clear she did n't ever want to see me again . 
 do tell me why i should n't have you thrown out or imprisoned . '' 
 he paused thoughtfully . 
 `` or ransomed back to your own people . 
 quite a profit there , i imagine . '' 
 `` dorian - '' i began . 
 suddenly , there was a commotion at the hall 's entrance . 
 a cluster of dorian 's guards appeared - with kiyo between them . 
 i was n't surprised he 'd showed up so quickly . 
 my mark would have led him right to me , and while he could n't jump directly into dorian 's castle , he 'd probably crossed over right in front of the gates . 
 `` sire , '' said one of the guards . 
 `` he seeks entrance - '' kiyo wore that fierce , raging expression , and no one in that room could have any doubt that he was there ready for battle . 
 dorian 's guards certainly had picked up on it , and they closed ranks as he strode forward . 
 i had a feeling kiyo wanted to fight right through them , but reason and self-control held him at bay - for now . 
 meanwhile , at the sight of him , i managed to make my legs work again and scrambled to my feet . 
 jasmine grasped my hand , helping me rise , and as one , we backed up slightly so that we stood in line with dorian . 
 the world reeled a little , but i refused to show my weakness . 
 i would not faint . 
 `` get rid of him , '' i said , trying not to sound hysterical . 
 `` deny him hospitality and throw him out . '' 
 `` she 's an outcast here , '' growled kiyo , fists clenched . 
 `` and this has nothing to do with you . 
 send her away . '' 
 tension and silence filled the space between all of us , and all eyes swiveled to dorian . 
 neither kiyo nor i - nor jasmine , for that matter - had hospitality and protection within dorian 's household at the moment . 
 we had no guarantees of safety . 
 hell , if kiyo decided to attack me right now , no one had to intervene . 
 we would be a great dinner show . 
 i wondered how good a defense jasmine and i could put up , if it would be enough to give us a chance to escape to my own land if dorian would n't help us . 
 i could guess dorian 's thoughts - or rather , his confusion . 
 that kiyo would be on the verge of killing me made no sense . 
 asking why would go against dorian 's natural , all-knowing faandccedil ; ade . 
 plus , kiyo and i were n't his favorite people right now . 
 giving in to either of us meant a concession dorian did n't want to make . 
 `` hail to you ! '' 
 an unexpected , raspy voice made me jump , and even dorian flinched a little . 
 from the crowd , masthera had emerged , her white hair streaming behind her and eyes as wide as ever . 
 she came forward with purpose and - to my total astonishment - fell onto her knees before me . 
 she stared up at me , and i expected that usual scattered and crazy look . 
 instead , i saw awe and rapture . 
 worship , even . 
 `` hail to you , queen of rowan and thorn . 
 hail to you , bringer of life , bringer of life . 
 i see it - i see the life growing within you , the mother who will fulfill the prophecy ! '' 
 she reached a skeletal hand toward my stomach , and i jerked away from her grasp . 
 `` do n't touch me ! '' 
 i exclaimed . 
 `` i see it , '' she cried . 
 `` you shine , queen of rowan and thorn . 
 you carry the heir . 
 you shine with it . '' 
 `` dorian ! '' 
 exclaimed kiyo , drawing our attention back . 
 his expression had grown dark at masthera 's words . 
 full disclosure was the last thing he wanted . 
 `` give her to me ! 
 stay out of this ! '' 
 i again looked pleadingly at dorian . 
 `` he 's going to try to kill me , '' i said . 
 `` if you throw me out , he and maiwenn will come after me . 
 please give us your hospitality . '' 
 dorian - like most everyone in the hall - had been left dumbstruck by masthera 's proclamation . 
 dorian forcibly schooled his face back to neutrality , but the gaze he turned on me was so heavy and penetrating that i was nearly knocked to my knees again . 
 `` is it true ? '' 
 he asked in a low voice that probably only jasmine heard . 
 `` are you pregnant ? '' 
 there was no point in lying or pretending . 
 i gave a swift nod . 
 his next question nearly broke my heart . 
 he tried so hard to keep his voice level and strong , but i heard the break in it , the longing and desperation . 
 `` is it - is there any chance - is it - '' he could n't finish but did n't need to . 
 he wanted to know if he was the father . 
 a million thoughts raced through my head . 
 would things have been different if we 'd actually had intercourse the last time we were together ? 
 would i have gotten pregnant with his child , instead of kiyo 's ? 
 maybe . 
 maybe not . 
 sex did n't always lead to pregnancy , especially with the gentry . 
 i could still have ended up with kiyo 's babies or been left with a talk show cworthy paternity dispute . 
 if dorian had been the one to get me pregnant , my future would have been signed and sealed . 
 he would have moved heaven and earth to keep me safe . 
 as it was , i probably could have lied now . 
 the gentry had no paternity tests . 
 that would have simplified things - but i could n't do it . 
 `` no , '' i said softly . 
 dorian 's features stilled , and a surprising wave of regret and sorrow filled me in response to the cavalcade of emotions that had to be going through him as well . 
 he had no reason to help me , not after what he saw as my betrayal . 
 and certainly not with me carrying another man 's children . 
 `` please , '' said jasmine . 
 her blue-gray eyes were large and desperate . 
 i 'd never seen her so humble and meek . 
 and i 'd certainly never expected to see it on my behalf . 
 `` please help us . 
 please give us your hospitality . 
 your majesty . '' 
 my eyes were still locked with dorian 's , my heart still breaking over the hurt i 'd caused him . 
 off to the side , i heard kiyo warn dorian again , `` this is between eugenie and me . 
 give her to me , and this ends . 
 if you do n't , maiwenn and god knows who else will get involved . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i said to dorian , my voice barely audible . 
 `` i 'm so sorry . '' 
 `` please , '' jasmine repeated , nearly on the verge of tears now . 
 `` hospitality . '' 
 the whole world hinged on dorian . 
 no one breathed . 
 then , abruptly , he turned away from me . 
 `` granted , '' he said crisply . 
 `` the daughters of storm king are under my protection . 
 remove the kitsune , and do not allow him entrance again . '' 
 the guards were in motion almost before dorian finished speaking . 
 more had slipped into the room in the last minute or so , and it was a good thing too . 
 kiyo fought against all of them as they laid hands on him and began dragging him backward . 
 they made little progress , so great were his struggles he was strong , so insanely strong , and it scared me to think what would have happened if i 'd been left to him in my weakened state . 
 `` dorian ! '' 
 roared kiyo , still fighting against the guards ' grip . 
 `` do n't do this ! 
 you 'll regret it ! '' 
 dorian had returned to his normal laconic persona . 
 `` you will address me as ` king dorian ' or ` your majesty , ' '' he replied . 
 `` and you will not disobey my orders within my home . '' 
 the floor trembled , and i heard a gasp from those gathered . 
 uneasily , i remembered an idle comment dorian had once made , about how he could bring the castle down around us if he wanted to . 
 the walls stayed intact , however , but a large section of the stone floor ripped up , eliciting more cries of fear . 
 before my eyes , the slab of stone morphed and stretched , then flew through the air toward kiyo . 
 it wrapped itself around his torso , enclosing his arms in a sort of magical strait-jacket . 
 kiyo , unsurprisingly , stopped struggling , but his shouts did n't cease . 
 `` eugenie ! 
 you do n't know what you 're doing ! 
 this is n't over ! 
 eugenie ! '' 
 `` get him out , '' said dorian coldly . 
 `` now . 
 if he resists again or changes form , kill him . '' 
 the guards hurried to obey while kiyo continued yelling his outrage at me , dorian , and the world . 
 i hoped they moved fast because dorian had had a point . 
 if kiyo transformed into a fox , he 'd slip out of his stone prison . 
 of course , he 'd have to transform into a small fox , which would do little harm , but still . 
 it would be a lot better for all of us once kiyo was outside the walls . 
 the guards must have succeeded because no more commotion followed . 
 jasmine turned to dorian . 
 `` you should have killed him anyway , '' she said flatly . 
 her standard response . 
 the ghost of a smile flickered across dorian 's lips , though his eyes were still hard . 
 `` you 're nearly as delightful as your sister , '' he observed . 
 `` no matter how displeased i am at the two of you right now , i admit , things will certainly be entertaining with you around . 
 and they will become very entertaining soon . '' 
 that was directed at me . 
 `` if you think you brought a war down before , you have n't seen anything yet , my dear . 
 you 've caused me quite a bit of trouble . '' 
 i barely heard him . 
 the adrenaline was fast fading from my body , and all the pain from fighting with kiyo and then doing the forced transition began returning . 
 i felt sick , and my surroundings were spinning once again . 
 `` so , let me make sure i 'm following this correctly . '' 
 i sighed and shifted on the bed , knowing dorian was repeating this conversation mostly because he liked seeing my discomfort . 
 `` your ` technology ' can tell you you 're having a boy and a girl , when they 're due , and allow you to hear their heartbeats , '' he continued . 
 `` but some medicine inexplicably totally counteracted the other one you take to prevent pregnancy . '' 
 `` took , '' i muttered . 
 `` seeing as it 's kind of pointless now . '' 
 dorian leaned back in a plush armchair , face expressing overly dramatic pondering . 
 after fainting , i 'd been given a guest room befitting my status , a good sign since `` hospitality '' simply meant protection and in no way related to one 's accommodations . 
 it was n't quite as nice as dorian 's room , of course , but the mattress was thick and fluffy , and the green velvet canopy coordinated with the heavy brocaded bedding . 
 as sick as i 'd felt , i honestly would have been content to curl up on the floor somewhere . 
 i 'd been awake for about an hour now , alone in the vast room save for dorian . 
 `` what a fascinatingly bizarre turn of events , '' he mused , stroking his chin . 
 `` if you thought the iron crown scared people , just wait until this news spreads . 
 which , of course , it already has . '' 
 i draped a hand over my forehead . 
 `` is n't it bad enough that i 'm carrying a world-conquering prophecy child ? 
 why all the political fallout ? '' 
 `` because you 're carrying a world-conquering prophecy child , '' he responded . 
 `` it 's the type of thing people tend to have strong feelings about . '' 
 `` i thought almost everyone wanted to conquer the human world . '' 
 `` most , '' he agreed . 
 `` but not all . 
 especially those who - after observing your record thus far - might fear you 'll conquer this world first . '' 
 i rolled over to my side , giving me a better view of him . 
 since the earlier spectacle , dorian had masked whatever personal feelings he had about my pregnancy , switching into cunning ruler mode . 
 `` but not you , '' i said . 
 `` you 've always been in favor of this - fulfilling the prophecy . '' 
 `` i 've never made a secret of that , '' he agreed . 
 `` from the moment we met . '' 
 that was true , at least . 
 he 'd sat on that desire while we were involved , but i 'd always known it lurked . 
 `` you 've just kept other secrets instead , '' i blurted out . 
 he did n't answer me right away , but those green-gold eyes weighed me thoughtfully . 
 `` yes . 
 yes , i have . 
 secrets i now regret . '' 
 that silenced me for several moments . 
 i had n't expected any kind of apology . 
 something in me softened toward him . 
 `` really ? '' 
 `` if i had n't deceived you about the iron crown , '' he explained , `` we would still be together . '' 
 i could only stare . 
 the piece of me that had never stopped loving him tentatively reared its head . 
 it was hard to believe he was here confessing his feelings , admitting that what we 'd had had been more important than his scheming . 
 it gave me a new insight into him , one that astonished ... yet pleased me . 
 `` and if we 'd stayed together , '' he continued , `` i would have been the lucky beneficiary of this medicinal slip . '' 
 so much for new insight . 
 i groaned and turned away . 
 `` of course . 
 of course that 's the real source of your regret . 
 you do n't get to lead the revolution . '' 
 i heard him get up and sit on the bed beside me . 
 a few seconds later , he actually had the audacity to lie down . 
 i wiggled over to make room . 
 `` it 's more than revolution , '' he said . 
 `` i also told you the first time we met that i 'd have a child with you , regardless of any prophecy . '' 
 `` i 'm not convinced that the ` with me ' part was so relevant . '' 
 dorian touched my cheek and turned my face toward his . 
 `` do you really believe that ? 
 do you really believe my feelings for you were so small that your being the mother of my child would n't have meant the world to me ? '' 
 i started to snarkily correct him with worlds , but it seemed petty . 
 `` i do n't know what i believe , '' i said honestly . 
 `` i do n't even know if i have the energy or motivation to analyze our relationship when i have this going on . '' 
 i rested my hand on my stomach . 
 dorian 's eyes followed that motion , utterly captivated . 
 `` despite your foolish fathering choices , this ... '' he reached toward my stomach as well , then pulled back . 
 `` this is a miracle . 
 this is a prophecy fulfilled . 
 this is life . 
 and really , kiyo is no longer relevant . 
 he 's given up any claims to these children . 
 they are yours and yours alone now . '' 
 my fingers tightened on my stomach , not painfully , but more in a possessive type of way . 
 my gaze grew unfocused . 
 `` i still ca n't believe that . 
 i ca n't believe that he 'd dismiss his own children so easily . 
 that he 'd dismiss me so easily ... '' `` i doubt it was easy . 
 you are n't that easy to get over . '' 
 a small note of bitterness there . 
 `` but his opposition to the prophecy was too great . 
 just as my support is great enough to take you in - despite your betrayal - and embark in the madness to come . '' 
 betrayal ? 
 i started to tell him he was the last one who should accuse anyone of that - but held back . 
 `` will people think you 're crazy to do it ? '' 
 `` hardly , '' he snorted . 
 `` most will think they 're my children anyway , ironically enough . '' 
 no one except jasmine had heard my brief paternity exchange with dorian in the hall . 
 i frowned . 
 `` i think sometimes kiyo does too . '' 
 `` they can be . '' 
 my first reaction was that this was some sort of joke of his , but all humor had disappeared from his face . 
 `` i do n't think you fully understand genetics . '' 
 `` i understand that parenting is more than just blood , '' he said , still deadly earnest . 
 `` and as i said : he 's relinquished any claims . 
 you are in control , and if even he and others question the children 's parentage , then so much the better . 
 simply declare me the father . 
 have it recorded , and by our laws , the children will be mine for all intents and purposes . '' 
 something about that set off my alarms . 
 `` what do you mean ` intents and purposes ' ? '' 
 he shrugged - a bit too casually . 
 `` titles . 
 prestige . 
 protection . 
 inheritance - if either is strong enough to hold my kingdom . 
 which , according to the prophecy , your son should be . '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' i said . 
 there might be some safety benefits to this sort of gentry `` adoption , '' but i had a feeling that dorian was n't telling me all of them - particularly things that benefited him alone . 
 he was still upset with me . 
 he did n't like kiyo . 
 there was no reason that i could see for this . 
 `` i have to think about it . '' 
 `` think fast , '' dorian said . 
 `` things will be in motion soon , particularly once we get you back to your own lands . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` why would you want to claim someone else 's children ? 
 i mean , i get your wanting to see the prophecy come true , but you do n't have to take that extra step . '' 
 `` maybe someone else 's children are better than no children at all , '' he said . 
 it was another odd statement from him , a surprising one . 
 both philosophical and touching . 
 yet , i still believed there was a deception here . 
 this was n't out of love for me . 
 not anymore . 
 his hand moved toward my stomach again and he did n't pull it away this time , though he made sure to keep away from my hand . 
 `` let me ask you a question , '' he said when i made no response . 
 `` why did you choose to keep these children ? 
 do you fear the unholy procedure your people use to end life ? 
 were you unable to live with your daughter 's blood on your hands ? '' 
 my mind rewound back to that day at the doctor 's . 
 that day ? 
 hell . 
 it had only been earlier today . 
 so much had happened since then that weeks might have gone by . 
 my horrible ordeal with kiyo had blurred the memories , but now , the ultrasound came back to me , the sights and sounds as real and vivid as though i were experiencing them all over again . 
 `` i heard their heartbeats , '' i said at last . 
 `` and i saw them . '' 
 well , kind of . 
 those blurs still did n't look like much to me , but the point was irrelevant . 
 `` and when i did ... '' i groped to explain my feelings . 
 `` i just ... i just wanted them . 
 both of them . 
 none of the rest mattered . '' 
 a slow , strange smile spread across dorian 's face . 
 `` that , '' he declared , `` is the most gentry thing i 've ever heard you say . '' 
 normally , i would have mocked him for using `` gentry '' instead of `` shining ones . '' 
 it was a slip he sometimes made around me . 
 his words ' content , however , was of more importance . 
 `` that 's ridiculous . '' 
 `` not so . 
 humans overthink things . 
 they throw away life heedlessly . 
 honestly , after all this time , i was beginning to think you were more human than shining one . '' 
 `` i hate to tell you , but i am , '' i said . 
 dorian made himself more comfortable , and the hand on my stomach moved so that his arm lay over me , almost - but not quite - an embrace . 
 it was possessive , like i was a prize that had fallen into his lap . 
 `` are you , my dear ? 
 you 're expressing philosophies very like my own . 
 you 're carrying a child that will allegedly conquer the human world - a world you ca n't go back to for a while , seeing as it would give the kitsune an edge . 
 you 're safer here in this world where , i 'd like to add , you rule not one but two kingdoms . 
 that , '' he declared triumphantly , `` makes you , by my reckoning , more like a gentry than a human . '' 
