 part i chapter one new kid my name is ethan chase . 
 and i doubt i 'll live to see my eighteenth birthday . 
 that 's not me being dramatic ; it just is . 
 i just wish i had n't pulled so many people into this mess . 
 they should n't have to suffer because of me . 
 especially ... her . 
 god , if i could take back anything in my life , i would never have shown her my world , the hidden world all around us . 
 i knew better than to let her in . 
 once you see them , they 'll never leave you alone . 
 they 'll never let you go . 
 maybe if i 'd been strong , she would n't be here with me as our seconds tick away , waiting to die . 
 it all started the day i transferred to a new school . 
 again . 
 * * * the alarm clock went off at 6:00 a.m. , but i had been awake for an hour , getting ready for another day in my weird , screwed-up life . 
 i wish i was one of those guys who roll out of bed , throw on a shirt and are ready to go , but sadly , my life is n't that normal . 
 for instance , today i 'd filled the side pockets of my backpack with dried saint-john 's - wort and stuffed a canister of salt in with my pens and notebook . 
 i 'd also driven three nails into the heels of the new boots mom had bought me for the semester . 
 i wore an iron cross on a chain beneath my shirt , and just last summer i 'd gotten my ears pierced with metal studs . 
 originally , i 'd gotten a lip ring and an eyebrow bar , too , but dad had thrown a roof-shaking fit when i came home like that , and the studs were the only things i 'd been allowed to keep . 
 sighing , i spared a quick glance at myself in the mirror , making sure i looked as unapproachable as possible . 
 sometimes , i catch mom looking at me sadly , as if she wonders where her little boy went . 
 i used to have curly brown hair like dad , until i took a pair of scissors and hacked it into jagged , uneven spikes . 
 i used to have bright blue eyes like mom and , apparently , like my sister . 
 but over the years , my eyes have become darker , changing to a smoky-blue-gray-from constant glaring , dad jokes . 
 i never used to sleep with a knife under my mattress , salt around my windows , and a horseshoe over my door . 
 i never used to be `` brooding '' and `` hostile '' and `` impossible . '' 
 i used to smile more , and laugh . 
 i rarely do any of that now . 
 i know mom worries about me . 
 dad says it 's normal teenage rebellion , that i 'm going through a `` phase , '' and that i 'll grow out of it . 
 sorry , dad . 
 but my life is far from normal . 
 and i 'm dealing with it the only way i know how . 
 `` ethan ? '' 
 mom 's voice drifted into the room from beyond the door , soft and hesitant . 
 `` it 's past six . 
 are you up ? '' 
 `` i 'm up . '' 
 i grabbed my backpack and swung it over my white shirt , which was inside out , the tag poking up from the collar . 
 another small quirk my parents have gotten used to . 
 `` i 'll be right out . '' 
 grabbing my keys , i left my room with that familiar sense of resignation and dread stealing over me . 
 okay , then . 
 let 's get this day over with . 
 i have a weird family . 
 you 'd never know it by looking at us . 
 we seem perfectly normal ; a nice american family living in a nice suburban neighborhood , with nice clean streets and nice neighbors on either side . 
 ten years ago we lived in the swamps , raising pigs . 
 ten years ago we were poor , backwater folk , and we were happy . 
 that was before we moved into the city , before we joined civilization again . 
 my dad did n't like it at first ; he 'd spent his whole life as a farmer . 
 it was hard for him to adjust , but he did , eventually . 
 mom finally convinced him that we needed to be closer to people , that i needed to be closer to people , that the constant isolation was bad for me . 
 that was what she told dad , of course , but i knew the real reason . 
 she was afraid . 
 she was afraid of them , that they would take me away again , that i would be kidnapped by faeries and taken into the nevernever . 
 yeah , i told you , my family is weird . 
 and that 's not even the worst of it . 
 somewhere out there , i have a sister . 
 a half sister i have n't seen in years , and not because she 's busy or married or across the ocean in some other country . 
 no , it 's because she 's a queen . 
 a faery queen , one of them , and she ca n't ever come home . 
 tell me that 's not messed up . 
 of course , i ca n't ever tell anyone . 
 to normal humans , the fey world is hidden-glamoured and invisible . 
 most people would n't see a goblin if it sauntered up and bit them on the nose . 
 there are very few mortals cursed with the sight , who can see faeries lurking in dark corners and under beds . 
 who know that the creepy feeling of being watched is n't just their imagination , and that the noises in the cellar or the attic are n't really the house settling . 
 lucky me . 
 i happen to be one of them . 
 my parents worry , of course , mom especially . 
 people already think i 'm weird , dangerous , maybe a little crazy . 
 seeing faeries everywhere will do that to you . 
 because if the fey know you can see them , they tend to make your life a living hell . 
 last year , i was kicked out of school for setting fire to the library . 
 what could i tell them ? 
 i was innocent because i was trying to escape a redcap motley that followed me in from the street ? 
 and that was n't the first time the fey had gotten me into trouble . 
 i was the `` bad kid , '' the one the teachers spoke about in hushed voices , the quiet , dangerous kid whom everyone expected would end up on the evening news for some awful , shocking crime . 
 sometimes , it was infuriating . 
 i did n't really care what they thought of me , but it was hard on mom , so i tried to be good , futile as it was . 
 this semester , i 'd be going to a new school , a new location . 
 a place i could `` start clean , '' but it would n't matter . 
 as long as i could see the fey , they would never leave me alone . 
 all i could do was protect myself and my family , and hope i would n't end up hurting anyone else . 
 mom was at the kitchen table when i came out , waiting for me . 
 dad was n't around . 
 he worked the graveyard shift at ups and often slept till the middle of the afternoon . 
 usually , i 'd see him only at dinner and on weekends . 
 that 's not to say he was happily oblivious when it came to my life ; mom might know me better , but dad had no problem doling out punishments if he thought i was slacking , or if mom complained . 
 i 'd gotten one d in science two years ago , and it was the last bad grade i 'd ever received . 
 `` big day , '' mom greeted me as i tossed the backpack on the counter and opened the fridge , reaching for the orange juice . 
 `` are you sure you know the way to your new school ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` i 've got it set to my phone 's gps . 
 it 's not that far . 
 i 'll be fine . '' 
 she hesitated . 
 i knew she did n't want me driving there alone , even though i 'd worked my butt off saving up for a car . 
 the rusty , gray-green pickup sitting next to dad 's truck in the driveway represented an entire summer of work-flipping burgers , washing dishes , mopping up spilled drinks and food and vomit . 
 it represented weekends spent working late , watching other kids my age hanging out , kissing girlfriends , tossing away money like it fell from the sky . 
 i 'd earned that truck , and i certainly was n't going to take the freaking bus to school . 
 but because mom was watching me with that sad , almost fearful look on her face , i sighed and muttered , `` do you want me to call you when i get there ? '' 
 `` no , honey . '' 
 mom straightened , waving it off . 
 `` it 's all right , you do n't have to do that . 
 just ... please be careful . '' 
 i heard the unspoken words in her voice . 
 be careful of them . 
 do n't attract their attention . 
 do n't let them get you into trouble . 
 try to stay in school this time . 
 `` i will . '' 
 she hovered a moment longer , then placed a quick peck on my cheek and wandered into the living room , pretending to be busy . 
 i drained my juice , poured another glass , and opened the fridge to put the container back . 
 as i closed the door , a magnet slipped loose and pinged to the floor , and the note it was holding fluttered to the ground . 
 kali demonstration , sat . 
 , it read . 
 i picked it up , and i let myself feel a tiny bit nervous . 
 i 'd started taking kali , a filipino martial art , several years ago , to better protect myself from the things i knew were out there . 
 i was drawn to kali because not only did it teach how to defend yourself empty-handed , it also taught stick , knife and sword work . 
 and in a world of dagger-toting goblins and sword-wielding gentry , i wanted to be ready for anything . 
 this weekend , our class was putting on a demonstration at a martial arts tournament , and i was part of the show . 
 if i could stay out of trouble that long , anyway . 
 with me , it was always harder than it looked . 
 * * * starting a new school in the middle of the fall semester sucks . 
 i should know . 
 i 've done all this before . 
 the struggle to find your locker , the curious stares in the hallway , the walk of shame to your desk in your new classroom , twenty or so pairs of eyes following you down the aisle . 
 maybe third time 's the charm , i thought morosely , slumping into my seat , which , thankfully , was in the far corner . 
 i felt the heat from two dozen stares on the top of my head and ignored them all . 
 maybe this time i can make it through a semester without getting expelled . 
 one more year-just give me one more year and then i 'm free . 
 at least the teacher did n't stand me up at the front of the room and introduce me to everyone ; that would 've been awkward . 
 for the life of me , i could n't understand why they thought such humiliation was necessary . 
 it was hard enough to fit in without having a spotlight turned on you the first day . 
 not that i 'd be doing any `` fitting in . '' 
 i continued to feel curious glances directed at my corner , and i concentrated on not looking up , not making eye contact with anyone . 
 i heard people whispering and hunched down even more , studying the cover of my english book . 
 something landed on my desk : a half sheet of notebook paper , folded into a square . 
 i did n't look up , not wanting to know who 'd lobbed it at me . 
 slipping it beneath the desk , i opened it in my lap and looked down . 
 u the guy who burned down his school ? 
 it read in messy handwriting . 
 sighing , i crumpled the note in my fist . 
 so they 'd already heard the rumors . 
 perfect . 
 apparently , i 'd been in the local paper : a juvenile thug who was seen fleeing the scene of the crime . 
 but because no one had actually witnessed me setting the library on fire , i was able to avoid being sent to jail . 
 barely . 
 i caught giggles and whispers somewhere to my right , and then another folded piece of paper hit my arm . 
 annoyed , i was going to trash the note without reading it this time , but curiosity got the better of me , and i peeked quickly . 
 did u really knife that guy in juvie ? 
 `` mr. chase . '' 
 miss singer was stalking down the aisle toward me , her severe expression making her face look pinched behind her glasses . 
 or maybe that was just the dark , tight bun pulling at her skin , causing her eyes to narrow . 
 her bracelets clinked as she extended her hand and waggled her fingers at me . 
 her tone was no-nonsense . 
 `` let 's have it , mr. chase . '' 
 i held up the note in two fingers , not looking at her . 
 she snatched it from my hand . 
 after a moment , she murmured , `` see me after class . '' 
 damn . 
 thirty minutes into a new semester and i was already in trouble . 
 this did n't bode well for the rest of the year . 
 i slumped farther , hunching my shoulders against all prying eyes , as miss singer returned to the front and continued the lesson . 
 * * * i remained in my seat after class was dismissed , listening to the sounds of scraping chairs and shuffling bodies , bags being tossed over shoulders . 
 voices surged around me , students talking and laughing with each other , gelling into their own little groups . 
 as they began to file out , i finally looked up , letting my gaze wander over the few still lingering . 
 a blond boy with glasses stood at miss singer 's desk , rambling on while she listened with calm amusement . 
 from the eager , puppy-dog look in his eyes , it was clear he was either suffering from major infatuation or was gunning for teacher 's pet . 
 a group of girls stood by the door , clustered like pigeons , cooing and giggling . 
 i saw several of the guys staring at them as they left , hoping to catch their eye , only to be disappointed . 
 i snorted softly . 
 good luck with that . 
 at least three of the girls were blonde , slender and beautiful , and a couple wore extremely short skirts that gave a fantastic view of their long , tanned legs . 
 this was obviously the school 's pom squad , and guys like me-or anyone who was n't a jock or rich-had no chance . 
 and then , one of the girls turned and looked right at me . 
 i glanced away , hoping that no one noticed . 
 cheerleaders , i 'd discovered , usually dated large , overly protective football stars whose policy was punch first , ask questions later . 
 i did not want to find myself pressed up against my locker or a bathroom stall on my first day , about to get my face smashed in , because i 'd had the gall to look at the quarterback 's girlfriend . 
 i heard more whispers , imagined fingers pointed my way , and then a chorus of shocked squeaks and gasps reached my corner . 
 `` she 's really going to do it , '' someone hissed , and then footsteps padded across the room . 
 one of the girls had broken away from the pack and was approaching me . 
 wonderful . 
 go away , i thought , shifting farther toward the wall . 
 i have nothing you want or need . 
 i 'm not here so you can prove that you 're not scared of the tough new kid , and i do not want to get in a fight with your meathead boyfriend . 
 leave me alone . 
 `` hi . '' 
 resigned , i turned and stared into the face of a girl . 
 she was shorter than the others , more perky and cute than graceful and beautiful . 
 her long , straight hair was inky-black , though she had dyed a few strands around her face a brilliant sapphire . 
 she wore sneakers and dark jeans , tight enough to hug her slender legs , but not looking like she 'd painted them on . 
 warm brown eyes peered down at me as she stood with her hands clasped behind her , shifting from foot to foot , as if it was impossible for her to stay still . 
 `` sorry about the note , '' she continued , as i shifted back to eye her warily . 
 `` i told regan not to do it-miss singer has eyes like a hawk . 
 we did n't mean to get you in trouble . '' 
 she smiled , and it lit up the room . 
 my heart sank ; i did n't want it to light up the room . 
 i did n't want to notice anything about this girl , especially the fact that she was extremely attractive . 
 `` i 'm kenzie . 
 well , mackenzie is my full name , but everyone calls me kenzie . 
 do n't call me mac or i 'll slug you . '' 
 behind her , the rest of the girls gaped and whispered to each other , shooting us furtive glances . 
 i suddenly felt like some kind of exhibit at the zoo . 
 resentment simmered . 
 i was just a curiosity to them ; the dangerous new kid to be stared at and gossiped about . 
 `` and ... you are ... ? '' 
 kenzie prompted . 
 i looked away . 
 `` not interested . '' 
 `` okay . 
 wow . '' 
 she sounded surprised , but not angry , not yet . 
 `` that 's ... not what i was expecting . '' 
 `` get used to it . '' 
 inwardly , i cringed at the sound of my own voice . 
 i was being a dick ; i was fully aware of that . 
 i was also fully aware that i was murdering any hope for acceptance in this place . 
 you did n't talk this way to a cute , popular cheerleader without becoming a social pariah . 
 she would go back to her friends , and they would gossip , and more rumors would spread , and i 'd be shunned for the rest of the year . 
 good , i thought , trying to convince myself . 
 that 's what i want . 
 no one gets hurt this way . 
 everyone can just leave me alone . 
 except ... the girl was n't leaving . 
 from the corner of my eye , i saw her lean back and cross her arms , still with that lopsided grin on her face . 
 `` no need to be nasty , '' she said , seeming unconcerned with my aggressiveness . 
 `` i 'm not asking for a date , tough guy , just your name . '' 
 why was she still talking to me ? 
 was n't i making myself clear ? 
 i did n't want to talk . 
 i did n't want to answer her questions . 
 the longer i spoke to anyone , the greater the chance that they would notice , and then the nightmare would begin again . 
 `` it 's ethan , '' i muttered , still staring at the wall . 
 i forced the next words out . 
 `` now piss off . '' 
 `` huh . 
 well , are n't we hostile . '' 
 my words were not having the effect i wanted . 
 instead of driving her off , she seemed almost ... excited . 
 what the hell ? 
 i resisted the urge to glance at her , though i still felt that smile , directed at me . 
 `` i was just trying to be nice , seeing as it 's your first day and all . 
 are you like this with everyone you meet ? '' 
 `` miss st. james . '' 
 our teacher 's voice cut across the room . 
 kenzie turned , and i snuck a peek at her . 
 `` i need to speak with mr. chase , '' miss singer continued , smiling at kenzie . 
 `` go to your next class , please . '' 
 kenzie nodded . 
 `` sure , miss singer . '' 
 glancing back , she caught me looking at her and grinned before i could look away . 
 `` see ya around , tough guy . '' 
 i watched her bounce back to her friends , who surrounded her , giggling and whispering . 
 sneaking unsubtle glances back at me , they filed through the door into the hall , leaving me alone with the teacher . 
 `` come here , mr. chase , if you would . 
 i do n't want to shout at you over the classroom . '' 
 i pulled myself up and walked down the aisle to slouch into a front-row desk . 
 miss singer 's sharp black eyes watched me over her glasses before she launched into a lecture about her no-tolerance policy for horseplay , and how she understood my situation , and how i could make something of myself if i just focused . 
 as if that was all there was to it . 
 thanks , but you might as well save your breath . 
 i 've heard this all before . 
 how difficult it must be , moving to a new school , starting over . 
 how bad my life at home must be . 
 do n't act like you know what i 'm going through . 
 you do n't know me . 
 you do n't know anything about my life . 
 no one does . 
 if i had any say in it , no one ever would . 
 * * * i got through my next two classes the same way-by ignoring everyone around me . 
 when lunchtime rolled around , i watched the students filing down the hall toward the cafeteria , then turned and went in the opposite direction . 
 my fellow classmates were starting to get to me . 
 i wanted to be outside , away from the crowds and curious looks . 
 i did n't want to be trapped at a table by myself , dreading that someone would come up and `` talk . '' 
 no one would do it to be friendly , i was fairly certain . 
 by now , that girl and her friends had probably spread the story of our first meeting through the whole school , maybe embellishing a few things , like how i called her awful names but somehow came on to her at the same time . 
 regardless , i did n't want to deal with angry boyfriends and indignant questions . 
 i wanted to be left alone . 
 i turned a corner into another hall , intent on finding an isolated part of the school where i could eat in peace , and stumbled across the very thing i was trying to avoid . 
 a boy stood with his back to the lockers , thin shoulders hunched , his expression sullen and trapped . 
 standing in front of him were two larger boys , broad-shouldered and thick-necked , leering down at the kid they had pinned against the wall . 
 for a second , i thought the kid had whiskers . 
 then he looked at me , quietly pleading , and through a mop of straw-colored hair , i caught a flash of orange eyes and two furred ears poking up from his head . 
 i swore . 
 quietly , using a word mom would tear my head off for . 
 these two idiots had no idea what they were doing . 
 they could n't see what he really was , of course . 
 the `` human '' they had cornered was one of them , one of the fey , or at least part fey . 
 the term half-breed shot through my mind , and i clenched my fist around my lunch bag . 
 why ? 
 why could n't i ever be free of them ? 
 why did they dog me every step of my life ? 
 `` do n't lie to me , freak , '' one of the jocks was saying , shoving the boy 's shoulder back into the lockers . 
 he had short , ruddy hair and was a little smaller than his bull-necked companion but not by much . 
 `` regan saw you hanging around my car yesterday . 
 you think it 's funny that i nearly ran off the road ? 
 huh ? '' 
 he shoved him again , making a hollow clang against the lockers . 
 `` that snake did n't crawl in there by itself . '' 
 `` i did n't do it ! '' 
 the half-breed protested , flinching from the blow . 
 i caught the flash of pointed canines when he opened his mouth , but of course , the two jocks could n't see that . 
 `` brian , i swear , that was n't me . '' 
 `` yeah ? 
 so , you calling regan a liar , then ? '' 
 the smaller one asked , then turned to his friend . 
 `` i think the freak just called regan a liar , did you hear that , tony ? '' 
 tony scowled and cracked his knuckles , and brian turned back to the half-breed . 
 `` that was n't very smart of you , loser . 
 why do n't we pay a visit to the bathroom ? 
 you can get reacquainted with mr. toilet . '' 
 oh , great . 
 i did not need this . 
 i should turn around and walk away . 
 he 's part faery , my rational mind thought . 
 get mixed up in this , and you 'll attract their attention for sure . 
 the half-breed cringed , looking miserable but resigned . 
 like he was used to this kind of treatment . 
 i sighed . 
 and proceeded to do something stupid . 
 `` well , i 'm so glad this place has the same gorilla-faced morons as my old school , '' i said , not moving from where i stood . 
 they whirled on me , eyes widening , and i smirked . 
 `` what 's the matter , daddy cut off your allowance this month , so you have to beat it out of the losers and freaks ? 
 does practice not give you enough manhandling time ? '' 
 `` who the hell are you ? '' 
 the smaller jock , brian , took a menacing step forward , getting in my face . 
 i gazed back at him , still smirking . 
 `` this your boyfriend , then ? '' 
 he raised his voice . 
 `` you got a death wish , fag ? '' 
 now , of course , we were beginning to attract attention . 
 students who had been averting their eyes and pretending not to see the trio against the locker began to hover , as if sensing violence on the air . 
 murmurs of `` fight '' rippled through the crowd , gaining speed , until it felt as if the entire school was watching this little drama play out in the middle of the hall . 
 the boy they 'd been picking on , the half-breed , gave me a fearful , apologetic look and scurried off , vanishing into the crowd . 
 you 're welcome , i thought , resisting the urge to roll my eyes . 
 well , i had stepped into this pile of crap-i might as well go all out . 
 `` new kid , '' grunted brian 's companion , stepping away from the lockers , looming behind the other . 
 `` the one from southside . '' 
 `` oh , yeah . '' 
 brian glanced at his friend , then back at me . 
 his lip curled in disdain . 
 `` you 're that kid who shanked his cellmate in juvie , '' he continued , raising his voice for the benefit of the crowd . 
 `` after setting fire to the school and pulling a knife on a teacher . '' 
 i raised an eyebrow . 
 really ? 
 that 's a new one . 
 scandalized gasps and murmurs went through the student body , gaining speed like wildfire . 
 this would be all over school tomorrow . 
 i wondered how many more crimes i could add to my already lengthy imaginary list . 
 `` you think you 're tough , fag ? '' 
 bolstered by the mob , brian stepped closer , crowding me , an evil smile on his face . 
 `` so you 're an arsonist and a criminal , big deal . 
 you think i 'm scared of you ? '' 
 at least one more . 
 i straightened , going toe-to-toe with my opponent . 
 `` arsonist , huh ? '' 
 i said , matching his sneer with my own . 
 `` and here i thought you were as stupid as you look . 
 did you learn that big word in english today ? '' 
 his face contorted , and he swung at me . 
 we were extremely close , so it was a nasty right hook , coming straight at my jaw . 
 i ducked beneath it and shoved his arm as the fist went by , pushing him into the wall . 
 howls and cheers rose around us as brian spun furiously and swung at me a second time . 
 i twisted away , keeping my fists close to my cheeks , boxer style , to defend myself . 
 `` enough ! '' 
 teachers descended from nowhere , pulling us apart . 
 brian swore and fought to get to me , trying to shove past the teacher , but i let myself be pulled off to the side . 
 the one who grabbed me kept a tight hold of my collar , as if i might break free and throw a punch at him . 
 `` principal 's office , kingston , '' ordered the teacher , steering brian down the hall . 
 `` get moving . '' 
 he glared back at me . 
 `` you , too , new kid . 
 and you better pray you do n't have a knife hidden somewhere on you , or you 'll be suspended before you can blink . '' 
 as they dragged me off to the principal 's office , i saw the half-faery watching me from the crowd . 
 his orange eyes , solemn and grim , never left mine , until i was pulled around a corner and lost from view . 
 chapter two half-breed i slumped in the chair in the principal 's office , arms crossed , waiting for the man across the desk to notice us . 
 the gold sign on the mahogany surface read richard s. hill , principal , though the sign 's owner had n't given us more than a glance when we were brought in . 
 he sat with his eyes glued to the computer screen , a small , balding man with a beaky nose and razor-thin eyebrows , lowered into a frown . 
 his mouth pursed as he scanned the screen , making us wait . 
 after a minute or two , the jock in the chair next to mine blew out an impatient sigh . 
 `` so , uh , do you need me anymore ? '' 
 he asked , leaning forward as if preparing to stand . 
 `` i can go now , right ? '' 
 `` kingston , '' the principal said , finally glancing up . 
 he blinked at brian , then frowned again . 
 `` you have a big game this weekend , do n't you ? 
 yes , you can go . 
 just do n't get into any more trouble . 
 i do n't want to hear about fights in the hallways , understand ? '' 
 `` sure , mr. hill . '' 
 brian stood , gave me a triumphant sneer , and swaggered out of the office . 
 oh , that 's fair . 
 jock-boy was the one who threw the first punch , but we do n't want to jeopardize the team 's chance of winning the game , do we ? 
 i waited for the principal to notice me , but he had gone back to reading whatever was on the computer . 
 leaning back , i crossed my legs and gazed longingly out the door . 
 the ticking of the clock filled the small room , and students stopped to stare at me through the window on the door before moving on . 
 `` you 've quite the file , mr. chase , '' hill finally said without looking up . 
 i suppressed a wince . 
 `` fighting , truancy , hidden weapons , arson . '' 
 he pushed back his chair , and those hard black eyes finally settled on me . 
 `` is there anything you 'd like to add ? 
 like assaulting the school 's star quarterback on your very first day ? 
 mr. kingston 's father is part of the school board , in case you did not realize . '' 
 `` i did n't start that fight , '' i muttered . 
 `` he was the one who swung at me . '' 
 `` oh ? 
 you were just minding your own business , then ? '' 
 the principal 's sallow lips curled in a faint smile . 
 `` he swung at you out of nowhere ? '' 
 i met his gaze . 
 `` he and his football buddy were about to stick some kid 's head down a toilet . 
 i stepped in before they could . 
 jock-boy did n't appreciate me ruining his fun , so he tried smashing my face in . '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` sorry if i like my face as it is . '' 
 `` your attitude does you no credit , mr. chase , '' hill said , frowning at me . 
 `` and you should have gotten a teacher to take care of it . 
 you 're on very thin ice as it is . '' 
 he folded pale , spiderlike hands on his desk and leaned forward . 
 `` since it is your first day here , i 'll let you go with a warning this time . 
 but i will be watching you , mr. chase . 
 step out of line again , and i wo n't be so lenient . 
 do you understand ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` whatever . '' 
 his eyes glinted . 
 `` do you think you 're special , mr. chase ? '' 
 a note of contempt had entered his voice now . 
 `` do you think you 're the only ` troubled youth ' to sit in this office ? 
 i 've seen your kind before , and they all go the same way-straight to prison , or the streets , or dead in the gutter somewhere . 
 if that 's the path you want , then , by all means , keep going down this road . 
 drop out . 
 get a dead-end job somewhere . 
 but do n't waste this school 's time trying to educate you . 
 and do n't drag those who are going somewhere down with you . '' 
 he jerked his head at the door . 
 `` now get out of my office . 
 and do n't let me see you here again . '' 
 fuming , i pulled myself upright and slid out the door . 
 the hallways were empty ; everyone was back in their classrooms , well into postlunch stupor , counting down the minutes to the final bell . 
 for a moment , i considered going home , leaving this sorry excuse of a new school and a clean start , and just accepting the fact that i would never fit in and be normal . 
 no one would ever give me the chance . 
 but i could n't go home , because mom would be there . 
 she would n't say anything , but she would look at me with that sad , guilty , disappointed expression , because she wanted so badly for me to succeed , to be normal . 
 she was hoping that this time , things would work out . 
 if i went home early , no matter the reason , mom would tell me i could try again tomorrow , and then she would probably lock herself in her room and cry a little . 
 i could n't face that . 
 it would be worse than the lecture dad would give me if he found out i skipped class . 
 plus , he 'd been very fond of groundings lately , and i did n't want to risk another one . 
 it 's just a couple more hours , i told myself and reluctantly started back to class , which would be the middle of trig by now , joy of joys . 
 why did every curriculum decide to teach math right after lunch when everyone was half-asleep ? 
 you can survive a couple more hours . 
 what else can happen , anyway ? 
 i should 've known better . 
 as i turned a corner , i got that cold , prickly sensation on the back of my neck , the one that always told me i was being watched . 
 normally , i would 've ignored it , but right then , i was angry and less focused than usual . 
 i turned , glancing behind me . 
 the half-breed stood at the end of the hall next to the bathroom entrance , watching me in the frame . 
 his eyes glowed orange , and the tips of his furry ears twitched in my direction . 
 something hovered beside him , something small and humanoid , with buzzing dragonfly wings and dark green skin . 
 it blinked huge black eyes at me , bared its teeth in a razor grin , then zipped into the air , flying up toward the ceiling tiles . 
 before i could stop myself , my gaze followed it . 
 the piskie blinked , startled , and i realized my slip-up . 
 furious , i wrenched my stare down , but it was too late . 
 dammit . 
 stupid , stupid mistake , ethan . 
 the half-breed 's eyes widened as he stared from me to the piskie , mouth gaping open . 
 he knew . 
 he knew i could see them . 
 and now , they were aware , as well . 
 * * * i managed to avoid the half-breed by going to class . 
 when the last bell rang , i snatched up my backpack and hurried out the door , keeping my head down and hoping for a quick escape . 
 unfortunately , he trailed me to the parking lot . 
 `` hey , '' he said , falling into step beside me as we crossed the lot . 
 i ignored him and continued on , keeping my gaze straight ahead . 
 he trotted doggedly to keep up . 
 `` listen , i wanted to thank you . 
 for what you did back there . 
 thanks for stepping in , i owe you . '' 
 he paused , as if expecting me to say something . 
 when i did n't , he added , `` i 'm todd , by the way . '' 
 `` whatever , '' i muttered , not looking directly at him . 
 he frowned as if taken aback by the reaction , and i kept my expression blank and unfriendly . 
 just because i rescued you from the jock and his goon does n't mean we 're buds now . 
 i saw your little friend . 
 you 're playing with fire , and i want nothing to do with it . 
 go away . 
 todd hesitated , then followed me in silence for a few steps , but he did n't leave . 
 `` uh , so , '' he continued , lowering his voice as we approached the end of the lot . 
 i had parked my truck as far as i could from the mustangs and camaros of my fellow students , wanting it to avoid notice , as well . 
 `` when did you become able to see them ? '' 
 my gut twisted . 
 at least he did n't say faeries or the fey , because voicing their name out loud was a surefire way to attract their attention . 
 whether that was deliberate or ignorant on his part , i was n't sure . 
 `` i do n't know what you 're talking about , '' i said coolly . 
 `` yes , you do ! '' 
 he stepped in front of me , brow furrowed , and i had to stop . 
 `` you know what i am , '' he insisted , all subtlety gone . 
 there was a hint of desperation in his eyes as he leaned forward , pleading . 
 `` i saw you , and thistle caught you looking , too . 
 you can see them , and you can see what i really look like . 
 so do n't play dumb , okay ? 
 i know . 
 we both do . '' 
 all right , this kid was pissing me off . 
 worse , the more i talked to him , the more attention i would draw from them . 
 his little `` friends '' were probably watching us right now , and that scared me . 
 whatever this half-breed wanted from me , it needed to end . 
 i sneered at him , my voice ugly . 
 `` wow , you are a freak . 
 no wonder kingston picks on you . 
 did you not take your happy pills this morning ? '' 
 anger and betrayal flashed in todd 's orange eyes , making me feel like an ass , but i kept my voice mocking . 
 `` yeah , i 'd love to stay and chat with you and your imaginary friends , but i have real-world things to do . 
 why do n't you go see if you can find a unicorn or something ? '' 
 his face darkened even more . 
 i shoved past him and continued on , hoping he would n't follow . 
 this time , he did not . 
 but i had n't gone three steps when his next words stopped me in my tracks . 
 `` thistle knows about your sister . '' 
 i froze , every muscle in my body coiling tight as my stomach turned inside out . 
 `` yeah , i thought you might be interested in that . '' 
 todd 's voice held a note of quiet triumph . 
 `` she 's seen her , in the nevernever . 
 meghan chase , the iron queen - '' i spun and grabbed the front of his shirt , jerking him forward off his feet . 
 `` who else knows ? '' 
 i hissed as todd cringed , flattening his ears . 
 `` who else has heard of me ? 
 who knows i 'm here ? '' 
 `` i do n't know ! '' 
 todd held up his hands , and short claws flashed in the sunlight . 
 `` thistle is hard to understand sometimes , ya know ? 
 all she said was that she knew who you were-the brother of the iron queen . '' 
 `` if you tell anyone ... '' i balled my fist , resisting the urge to shake him . 
 `` if you tell any of them , i swear - '' `` i wo n't ! '' 
 todd cried , and i realized then how i must have looked , teeth bared , eyes wild and crazy . 
 taking a deep breath , i forced myself to calm down . 
 todd relaxed , shaking his head . 
 `` jeez , take it easy , man . 
 so they know who you are-it 's not the end of the world . '' 
 i sneered and shoved him backward . 
 `` you must be very sheltered , then . '' 
 `` i was adopted , '' todd shot back , catching himself . 
 `` how easy do you think it 's been , pretending to be human when my own parents do n't know what i am ? 
 no one here gets me , no one has any idea what i can do . 
 they keep stepping on me , and i keep pushing back . '' 
 `` so you did put a snake in kingston 's car . '' 
 i shook my head in disgust . 
 `` i should 've let him stick your head down a toilet this afternoon . '' 
 todd sniffed and straightened the front of his shirt . 
 `` kingston 's a dick , '' he said , as if that justified everything . 
 `` he thinks he owns the school and has the teachers and the principal in his pocket . 
 he believes he 's untouchable . '' 
 he smirked , orange eyes glittering . 
 `` sometimes i like to remind him that he 's not . '' 
 i sighed . 
 well , it serves you right , ethan . 
 this is what happens when you get involved with them . 
 even the half-fey ca n't keep themselves from pranking humans every chance they get . 
 `` the invisible folk are the only ones who understand me , '' todd went on , as if trying to convince me . 
 `` they know what i 'm going through . 
 they 're only too happy to help . '' 
 his smirk grew wider , more threatening . 
 `` in fact , thistle and her friends are making that jock 's life very unpleasant right now . '' 
 a chill slid up my back . 
 `` what did you promise them ? '' 
 he blinked . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` they never do anything for free . '' 
 i took a step forward , and he shrank back . 
 `` what did you promise them ? 
 what did they take ? '' 
 `` what does it matter ? '' 
 the half-breed shrugged . 
 `` the jerk had it coming . 
 besides , how much harm can two piskies and a boggart do ? '' 
 i closed my eyes . 
 oh , man , you have no idea what you 've gotten yourself into . 
 `` listen , '' i said , opening my eyes , `` whatever bargains you 've made , whatever contracts you 've agreed to , stop . 
 you ca n't trust them . 
 they 'll use you , because it 's their nature . 
 it 's what they do . '' 
 todd raised a disbelieving eyebrow , and i scrubbed my scalp at his ignorance . 
 how had he survived this long and not learned anything ? 
 `` never make a contract with them . 
 that 's the first and most important rule . 
 it does n't ever go how you imagine , and once you 've agreed to something , you 're stuck . 
 you ca n't ever get out of it , no matter what they ask for in return . '' 
 todd still looked unconvinced . 
 `` who made you the expert on all things faery ? '' 
 he challenged , and i winced as he finally said the word . 
 `` you 're human-you do n't understand what it 's like . 
 so i made a few deals , promised a few things . 
 what 's that to you ? '' 
 `` nothing . '' 
 i stepped back . 
 `` just do n't drag me into whatever mess you 're creating . 
 i want nothing to do with them , or you , got it ? 
 i 'd be happy if i never saw them again . '' 
 and without waiting for an answer , i turned , opened my car door , and slammed it shut behind me . 
 gunning the engine , i squealed out of the parking lot , ignoring the half-breed 's desolate figure as he grew smaller and smaller in my rearview mirror . 
 * * * `` how was school ? '' 
 mom asked as i banged through the screen door and tossed my backpack on the table . 
 `` fine , '' i mumbled , making a beeline for the fridge . 
 she stepped out of the way with a sigh , knowing it was useless to talk to me when i was starving . 
 i found the leftover pizza from last night and shoved two slices in the microwave while chewing on a cold third . 
 thirty seconds later , i was about to take my plate up to my room when mom stepped in front of me . 
 `` i got a call from the principal 's office this afternoon . '' 
 my shoulders sank . 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 mom gestured firmly to the table , and i slumped into one of the chairs , my appetite gone . 
 she sat down across from me , her eyes hooded and troubled . 
 `` anything you want to tell me ? '' 
 i rubbed my eyes . 
 no use trying to hide it , she probably already knew-or at least she knew what hill told her . 
 `` i got into a fight . '' 
 `` oh , ethan . '' 
 the disappointment in her voice stabbed me like tiny needles . 
 `` on your first day ? '' 
 it was n't my fault , i wanted to say . 
 but i 'd used that excuse so many times before , it seemed empty . 
 any excuse seemed empty now . 
 i just shrugged and slouched farther in my seat , not meeting her eyes . 
 `` was it ... was it them ? '' 
 that shocked me . 
 mom almost never spoke of the fey , for probably the same reasons as me ; she thought it might attract their attention . 
 she would rather close her eyes and pretend they did n't exist , that they were n't still out there , watching us . 
 it was one of the reasons i never talked openly to her about my problems . 
 it just made her too frightened . 
 i hesitated , wondering if i should tell her about the half-breed and his invisible friends , lurking in the halls . 
 but if mom found out about them , she might pull me out of school . 
 and as much as i hated going to class , i did not want to go through the whole `` starting over '' thing one more time . 
 `` no , '' i said , fiddling with the edge of my plate . 
 `` just these two dicks that needed a lesson in manners . '' 
 mom gave one of her frustrated , disapproving groans . 
 `` ethan , '' she said in a sharper voice . 
 `` it 's not your place . 
 we 've gone over this . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 `` if you keep this up , you 'll be kicked out again . 
 and i do n't know where we can send you after that . 
 i do n't know ... '' mom took a shaky breath , and covered her eyes with her hand . 
 now i felt like a complete ass . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i offered in a quiet voice . 
 `` i 'll ... try harder . '' 
 she nodded without looking up . 
 `` i wo n't tell your father , not this time , '' she murmured in a weary voice . 
 `` do n't eat too much pizza or you 'll spoil your appetite for dinner . '' 
 standing , i hooked my backpack over one shoulder and took it and the plate into my room , kicking the door shut behind me . 
 slumping to my desk , i ate my pizza while halfheartedly jiggling my laptop to life . 
 the episode with kingston , not to mention the talk with the half-breed , had made me edgy . 
 i went to youtube and watched videos of students practicing kali , trying to pick out the weaknesses in their attacks , poking holes in their defenses . 
 then , to keep myself occupied , i grabbed my rattan sticks from the wall and practiced a few patterns in the middle of my room , smacking imaginary targets with brian kingston 's face , being careful not to hit the walls or ceiling . 
 i 'd put a couple of holes in the drywall already , by accident of course , before dad made the rule that all practice must be done outside or in the dojo . 
 but i was much better now , and what he did n't know would n't hurt him . 
 as i was finishing a pattern , i caught a flash of movement from the corner of my eye and turned . 
 something black and spindly , like a giant spider with huge ears , crouched on the windowsill outside , watching me . 
 its eyes glowed electric green in the coming darkness . 
 i growled a curse and started forward , but when the creature realized i 'd spotted it , it let out an alarmed buzz and blinked out of sight . 
 yanking up the window , i peered into the darkness , searching for the slippery little nuisance , but it was gone . 
 `` damn gremlins , '' i muttered . 
 stepping back , i glared around my room , making sure everything was in place . 
 i checked my lights , my clock , my computer ; they all still worked , much to my relief . 
 the last time a gremlin had been in my room , it had shorted out my laptop , and i 'd had to spend my own money to get it fixed . 
 gremlins were a special type of faery . 
 they were iron fey , which meant all my precautions and protections from the faery world did n't work on them . 
 iron did n't faze them , salt barriers did n't keep them out , and horseshoes over doors and windows did nothing . 
 they were so used to the human world , so integrated with metal and science and technology , that the old charms and protection rituals were too outdated to affect them at all . 
 i rarely had problems with iron fey , but they were everywhere . 
 i guessed even the iron queen could n't keep track of them all . 
 the iron queen . 
 a knot formed in my stomach . 
 shutting the window , i put my sticks away and dropped into the computer chair . 
 for several minutes , i stared at the very top drawer of my desk , knowing what was inside . 
 wondering if i should torment myself further by taking it out . 
 meghan . 
 do you even think of us anymore ? 
 i 'd seen my half sister only a few times since she 'd disappeared from our world nearly twelve years ago . 
 she never stayed long ; just a few hours to make sure everyone was okay , and then she was gone again . 
 before we moved , i could at least count on her to show up for my birthday and holidays . 
 as i got older , those visits grew fewer and fewer . 
 eventually , she 'd disappeared altogether . 
 leaning forward , i yanked open the drawer . 
 my long-lost older sister was another taboo subject in this household . 
 if i so much as spoke her name , mom would become depressed for a week . 
 officially , my sister was dead . 
 meghan was n't part of this world anymore ; she was one of them , and we had to pretend she did n't exist . 
 but that half-breed knew about her . 
 that could be trouble . 
 as if i needed any more , as if being the delinquent , broody , do n't - let-your-daughter-date-this-hooligan was n't enough , now someone knew about my connection to the world of faery . 
 setting my jaw , i slammed the drawer shut and left the room , my thoughts swirling in a chaotic , sullen mess . 
 i was human , and meghan was gone . 
 no matter what some half-breed faery said , i did n't belong to that world . 
 i was going to stay on this side of the veil and not worry about what was happening in faery . 
 no matter how much it tried to drag me in . 
 chapter three faeries in the gym bag day two . 
 of purgatory . 
 my `` fight '' with the school quarterback and my discussion in the principal 's office had n't gone unnoticed , of course . 
 fellow students stared at me in the halls , whispering to their friends , muttering in low undertones . 
 they shied away from me as if i had the plague . 
 teachers gave me the evil eye , as if worried that i might punch someone in the head or pull a knife , maybe . 
 i did n't care . 
 maybe principal hill had told them what had gone on in his office ; maybe he 'd told them i was a lost cause , because as long as i kept my head down , they ignored me . 
 except for miss singer , who actually called on me several times during class , making sure i was still paying attention . 
 i answered her questions about don quixote in monotones , hoping that would be enough to keep her off my back . 
 she seemed pleasantly surprised that i 'd read the homework assignment the night before , despite being somewhat distracted by the thoughts of gremlins lurking around my computer . 
 apparently satisfied that i could listen and stare out the window at the same time , miss singer finally left me alone , and i went back to brooding in peace . 
 at least kingston and his flunky were absent today , though i did notice todd in one of my classes , looking smug . 
 he kept glancing at the quarterback 's empty desk , smirking to himself and nodding . 
 it made me nervous , but i swore not to get involved . 
 if the half-breed wanted to screw around with the notoriously fickle fair ones , i was n't going to be there when he got burned . 
 when the last bell rang , i gathered my backpack and rushed out , hoping to evade a repeat of the day before . 
 i saw todd as i went out the door , watching me as if he wanted to talk , but i quickly lost myself in the crowded hallway . 
 at my locker , i stuffed my books and homework into my pack , slammed the door-and came face-to-face with kenzie st. james . 
 `` hey , tough guy . '' 
 oh , no . 
 what did she want ? 
 probably to tear me a new one about the fight ; if she was on the pom squad , kingston was likely her boyfriend . 
 depending on which rumor you 'd heard , i had either sucker-punched the quarterback or i 'd threatened him in the hallway and had gotten my ass kicked before the teachers pulled us apart . 
 neither story was flattering , and i 'd been wondering when someone would give me crap about it . 
 i just had n't expected it to be her . 
 i turned to leave , but she smoothly moved around to block my path . 
 `` just a second ! '' 
 she insisted , planting herself in front of me . 
 `` i want to talk to you . '' 
 i glared at her , a cold , hostile stare that had given redcaps pause and made a pair of spriggans back down once . 
 kenzie did n't move , her determined stance never wavering . 
 i slumped in defeat . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i growled . 
 `` come to warn me to leave your boyfriend alone if i know what 's good for me ? '' 
 she frowned . 
 `` boyfriend ? '' 
 `` the quarterback . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 she snorted , wrinkling her nose . 
 it was kind of cute . 
 `` brian 's not my boyfriend . '' 
 `` no ? '' 
 that was surprising . 
 i 'd been so sure she was going to rip into me about the fight , maybe threaten to make me sorry if i hurt her precious football star . 
 why else would this girl want to talk to me ? 
 kenzie took advantage of my surprise and stepped closer . 
 i swallowed and resisted the urge to step back . 
 kenzie was shorter than me by several inches , but that fact seemed completely lost on her . 
 `` do n't worry , tough guy . 
 i do n't have a boyfriend waiting to slug you in the bathrooms . '' 
 her eyes sparkled . 
 `` if it comes to that , i 'll slug you myself . '' 
 i did n't doubt she 'd try . 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 i asked again , more and more perplexed by this strange , cheerful girl . 
 `` i 'm the editor for the school paper , '' she announced , as if it was the most natural thing in the world . 
 `` and i was hoping you would do me a favor . 
 every semester , i interview the new students who started late , you know , so people can get to know them better . 
 i 'd love to do an interview with you , if you 're up for it . '' 
 for the second time in thirty seconds , i was thrown . 
 `` you 're an editor ? '' 
 `` well , more of a reporter , really . 
 but since everyone else hates the technical stuff , i do the editing , too . '' 
 `` for the paper ? '' 
 `` that is generally what reporters report for , yes . '' 
 `` but ... i thought ... '' i gave myself a mental shake , collecting my scattered thoughts . 
 `` i saw you with the pom squad , '' i said , and it was almost an accusation . 
 kenzie 's slender eyebrows rose . 
 `` and , what ? 
 you thought i was a cheerleader ? '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` not my thing , but thank you for thinking so . 
 heights and i do n't really get along very well , and i can barely walk across the gym floor without falling down and bruising myself . 
 plus , i 'd have to dye my hair blond , and that would just fry the ends . '' 
 i did n't know if she was serious or joking , but i could n't stay . 
 `` look , i have to be somewhere soon , '' i told her , which was n't a lie ; i had class tonight with my kali instructor , guro javier , and if i was late i 'd have to do fifty pushups and a hundred suicide dashes-if he was feeling generous . 
 guro was serious about punctuality . 
 `` can we talk later ? '' 
 `` will you give me that interview ? '' 
 `` okay , yes , fine ! '' 
 i raised a hand in frustration . 
 `` if it will get you off my back , fine . '' 
 she beamed . 
 `` when ? '' 
 `` i do n't care . '' 
 that did n't faze her . 
 nothing did , it seemed . 
 i 'd never met someone who could be so relentlessly cheerful in the face of such blatant jack-assery . 
 `` well , do you have a phone number ? '' 
 she continued , sounding suspiciously amused . 
 `` or , i could give you mine , if you want . 
 of course , that means you 'd actually have to call me ... '' she gave me a dubious look , then shook her head . 
 `` hmm , never mind , just give me yours . 
 something tells me i could tattoo my number on your forehead and you would n't remember to call . '' 
 `` whatever . '' 
 as i scribbled the digits on a scrap of paper , i could n't help but think how weird it was , giving my phone number to a cute girl . 
 i 'd never done this before and likely never would again . 
 if kingston knew , if he even saw me talking to her , girlfriend or not , he 'd probably try to give me a concussion . 
 kenzie stepped beside me and stood on tiptoe to peer over my shoulder . 
 soft , feathery strands of her hair brushed my arm , making my skin prickle and my heart pound . 
 i caught a hint of apple or mint or some kind of sweet fragrance , and for a second forgot what i was writing . 
 `` um . '' 
 she leaned even closer , one slender finger pointing to the messy black scrawl on the paper . 
 `` is this a six or a zero ? '' 
 `` it 's a six , '' i rasped , and stepped away , putting some distance between us . 
 damn , my heart was still pounding . 
 what the hell was that about ? 
 i handed over the paper . 
 `` can i go now ? '' 
 she tucked it into the pocket of her jeans with another grin , though for just a moment she looked disappointed . 
 `` do n't let me stop you , tough guy . 
 i 'll call you later tonight , okay ? '' 
 without answering , i stepped around her , and this time , she let me . 
 * * * kali was brutal . 
 with the tournament less than a week off , guro javier was fanatical about making sure we would give nothing less than our best . 
 `` keep those sticks moving , ethan , '' guro called , watching me and my sparring partner circle each other , a rattan in each hand . 
 i nodded and twirled my sticks , keeping the pattern going while looking for holes in my opponent 's guard . 
 we wore light padded armor and a helmet so that the sticks would n't leave ugly , throbbing welts over bare skin and we could really smack our opponent without seriously injuring him . 
 that 's not to say i did n't come home with nice purple bruises every so often - `` badges of courage , '' as guro called them . 
 my sparring partner lunged . 
 i angled to the side , blocking his strike with one stick while landing three quick blows on his helmet with the other . 
 `` good ! '' 
 guro called , bringing the round to a close . 
 `` ethan , watch your sticks . 
 do n't let them just sit there , keep them moving , keep them flowing , always . 
 chris , angle out next time-don ' t just back up and let him hit you . '' 
 `` yes , guro , '' we both said , and bowed to each other , ending the match . 
 backing to the corner , i wrenched off my helmet and let the cool air hit my face . 
 call me violent and aggressive , but i loved this . 
 the flashing sticks , the racing adrenaline , the solid crack of your weapon hitting a vital spot on someone 's armor ... there was no bigger rush in the world . 
 while i was here , i was just another student , learning under guro javier . 
 kali was the only place where i could forget my life and school and the constant , judging stares , and just be myself . 
 not to mention , beating on someone with sticks was an awesome way to relieve pent-up aggression . 
 `` good class , everyone , '' guro called , motioning us to the front of the room . 
 we bowed to our instructor , touching one stick to our heart and the other to our forehead , as he continued . 
 `` remember , the tournament is this saturday . 
 those of you participating in the demonstrations , i would like you there early so you can practice and go over the forms and patterns . 
 also , ethan - '' he looked at me '' - i need to talk to you before you leave . 
 class dismissed , everyone . '' 
 he clapped his hands , and the rest of the group began to disperse , talking excitedly about the tournament and other kali-related things . 
 i stripped off my armor , set it carefully on the mats and waited . 
 guro gestured , and i followed him to the corner , gathering up punch mitts and the extra rattan sticks scattered near the wall . 
 after stacking them neatly on the corner shelves , i turned to find guro watching me with a solemn expression . 
 guro javier was n't a big guy ; in fact , i had an inch or two on him in my bare feet , and i was n't very tall . 
 i was pretty fit , not huge like a linebacker , but i did work out ; guro was all sinew and lean muscle , and the most graceful person i 'd ever seen in my life . 
 even practicing or warming up , he looked like a dancer , twirling his weapons with a speed i had yet to master and feared i never would . 
 and he could strike like a cobra ; one minute he 'd be standing in front of you demonstrating a technique , the next , you 'd be on the ground , blinking and wondering how you got there . 
 guro 's age was hard to tell ; he had strands of silver through his short black hair , and laugh lines around his eyes and mouth . 
 he pushed me hard , harder than the others , drilling me with patterns , insisting i get a technique close to perfect before i moved on . 
 it was n't that he played favorites , but i think he realized that i wanted this more , needed this more , than the other students . 
 this was n't just a hobby for me . 
 these were skills that might someday save my life . 
 `` how is your new school ? '' 
 guro asked in a matter-of-fact way . 
 i started to shrug but caught myself . 
 i tried very hard not to fall back into old , sullen habits with my instructor . 
 i owed him more than a shrug and a one-syllable answer . 
 `` it 's fine , guro . '' 
 `` getting along with your teachers ? '' 
 `` trying to . '' 
 `` hmm . '' 
 guro idly picked up a rattan and spun it through the air , though his eyes remained distant . 
 he often did that stick twirling when thinking , demonstrating a technique , or even talking to us . 
 it was habit , i guessed ; i did n't think he even realized he was doing it . 
 `` i 've spoken to your mother , '' guro continued calmly , and my stomach twisted . 
 `` i 've asked her to keep me updated on your progress at school . 
 she 's worried about you , and i ca n't say i like what i 've heard . '' 
 the whirling stick paused for a moment , and he looked directly at me . 
 `` i do not teach kali for violence , ethan . 
 if i hear you 've been in any more fights , or that your grades are slipping , i 'll know you need to concentrate more on school than kali practice . 
 you 'll be out of the demonstration , is that clear ? '' 
 i sucked in a breath . 
 great . 
 thanks a lot , mom . 
 `` yes , guro . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` you 're a good student , ethan . 
 i want you to succeed in other places , too , yes ? 
 kali is n't everything . '' 
 `` i know , guro . '' 
 the stick started its twirling pattern again , and guro nodded in dismissal . 
 `` then i 'll see you on saturday . 
 remember , thirty minutes early , at least ! '' 
 i bowed and retreated to the locker room . 
 my phone blinked when i pulled it out , indicating a new message , though i did n't recognize the number . 
 puzzled , i checked voice mail and was greeted by a familiar , overly cheerful voice . 
 `` hey , tough-guy , do n't forget you owe me an interview . 
 call me tonight , you know , when you 're done robbing banks and stealing cars . 
 talk to you later ! '' 
 i groaned . 
 i 'd forgotten about her . 
 stuffing the phone into my bag , i slung it over my shoulder and was about to leave when the lights flickered and went out . 
 oh , nice . 
 probably redding , trying to scare me again . 
 rolling my eyes , i waited , listening for footsteps and snickering laughter . 
 chris redding , my sparring partner , fancied himself a practical joker and liked to target people who kicked his ass in practice . 
 usually , that meant me . 
 i held my breath , remaining motionless and alert . 
 as the silence stretched on , annoyance turned to unease . 
 the light switch was next to the door-i could see it through a gap in the aisles , and there was no one standing there . 
 i was in the locker room alone . 
 carefully , i eased my bag off my shoulder , unzipped it and drew out a rattan stick , just in case . 
 edging forward , stick held out in front of me , i peered around the locker row . 
 i was not in the mood for this . 
 if redding was going jump out and yell `` rah , '' he was going to get a stick upside the head , and i 'd apologize later . 
 there was a soft buzz , somewhere overhead . 
 i looked up just as something tiny half fell , half fluttered from the ceiling , right at my face . 
 i leaped back , and it flopped to the floor , twitching like a dazed bird . 
 i edged close , ready to smack it if it lunged up at me again . 
 the thing stirred weakly where it lay on the cement , looking like a giant wasp or a winged spider . 
 from what i could tell , it was green and long-limbed with two transparent wings crumpled over its back . 
 i stepped forward and nudged it with the end of the stick . 
 it batted feebly at the rattan with a long , thin arm . 
 a piskie ? 
 what 's it doing here ? 
 as fey went , piskies were usually pretty harmless , though they could play nasty tricks if insulted or bored . 
 and , tiny or no , they were still fey . 
 i was tempted to flick this one under the bench like a dead spider and continue on to my truck , when it raised its face from the floor and stared up at me with huge , terrified eyes . 
 it was thistle , todd 's friend . 
 at least , i thought it was the same faery ; all piskies looked pretty much the same to me . 
 but i thought i recognized the sharp pointed face , the puff of yellow dandelion hair . 
 its mouth moved , gaping wide , and its wings buzzed faintly , but it seemed too weak to get up . 
 frowning , i crouched down to see it better , still keeping my rattan out in case it was just faking . 
 `` how did you get in here ? '' 
 i muttered , prodding it gently with the stick . 
 it swatted at the end but did n't move from the floor . 
 `` were you following me ? '' 
 it gave a garbled buzz and collapsed , apparently exhausted , and i hesitated , not knowing what to do . 
 clearly , it was in trouble , but helping the fey went against all the rules i 'd taught myself over the years . 
 do n't draw attention to yourself . 
 do n't interact with the fair folk . 
 never make a contract , and never accept their help . 
 the smart thing to do would be to walk away and not look back . 
 still , if i helped this once , the piskie would be in my debt , and i could think of several things i could demand in exchange . 
 i could demand that she leave me alone . 
 or leave todd alone . 
 or abandon whatever scheme the half-breed was having her do . 
 or , better yet , i could demand that she tell no one about my sister and my connection to her . 
 this is stupid , i told myself , still watching the piskie crawl weakly around my rattan , trying to pull herself up the length of the stick . 
 you know faeries will twist any bargain to their favor , even if they owe you something . 
 this is going to end badly . 
 oh , well . 
 when had i ever been known for doing the smart thing ? 
 with a sigh , i bent down and grabbed the piskie by the wings , lifting her up in front of me . 
 she dangled limply , half-delirious , though from what i had no idea . 
 was it me , or did the faery seem almost ... transparent ? 
 not just her wings ; she flickered in and out of focus like a blurry camera shot . 
 and then , i saw something beyond the piskie 's limp form , lurking in the darkness at the end of the locker room . 
 something pale and ghostlike , long hair drifting around its head like mist . 
 `` ethan ? '' 
 guro 's voice echoed through the locker room , and the thing vanished . 
 quickly , i unzipped my bag and stuffed the piskie inside as my instructor appeared in the doorway . 
 his eyes narrowed when he saw me . 
 `` everything all right ? '' 
 he asked as i shouldered the bag and stepped forward . 
 and , was it my imagination , or did he glance at the corner where the creepy ghost-thing was ? 
 `` i thought i heard something . 
 chris is n't hiding in a corner ready to jump out , is he ? '' 
 `` no , guro . 
 it 's fine . '' 
 i waited for him to move out of the doorway so i would n't have to shoulder past him with my bag . 
 my heart pounded , and the hair on the back of my neck stood up . 
 something was still in the room with me ; i could feel it watching us , its cold eyes on my back . 
 guro 's eyes flicked to the corner again , narrowing . 
 `` ethan , '' he said in a low voice , `` my grandfather was a mang-huhula-you know what that means , yes ? '' 
 i nodded , trying not to seem impatient . 
 the mang-huhula was the spiritual leader of the tribe , a faith-healer or fortune teller of sorts . 
 guro himself was a tuhon , someone who passed down his culture and practices , who kept the traditions alive . 
 he 'd told us this before ; i was n't sure why he was reminding me now . 
 `` my grandfather was a wise man , '' guro went on , holding my gaze . 
 `` he told me not to put your trust in only your eyes . 
 that to truly see , sometimes you had to put your faith in the invisible things . 
 you had to believe what no one else was willing to . 
 do you understand what i 'm saying ? '' 
 i heard a soft slither behind me , like wet cloth over cement , and my skin crawled . 
 it took all my willpower not to draw my rattan and swing around . 
 `` i think so , guro . '' 
 guro paused a moment , then stepped back , looking faintly disappointed . 
 obviously , i 'd just missed something , or he could tell i was really distracted . 
 but all he said was , `` if you need help , ethan , all you have to do is ask . 
 if you 're in trouble , you can come to me . 
 for anything , no matter how small or crazy it might seem . 
 remember that . '' 
 the thing , whatever it was , slithered closer . 
 i nodded , trying not to fidget . 
 `` i will , guro . '' 
 `` go on , then . '' 
 guro stepped aside , nodding . 
 `` go home . 
 i 'll see you at the tournament . '' 
 i fled the room , forcing myself not to look back . 
 and i did n't stop until i reached my truck . 
 * * * my phone rang as soon as i was home . 
 after closing my bedroom door , i dropped my gym bag on the bed , listening to the buzz of wings from somewhere inside . 
 it seemed the piskie was still alive , though it probably was n't thrilled at being zipped into a bag with used gym shorts and sweaty t-shirts . 
 smirking at the thought , i checked the trilling phone . 
 same unfamiliar number . 
 i sighed and held it to my ear . 
 `` god , you 're persistent , '' i told the girl and heard a chuckle on the other end . 
 `` it 's a reporter skill , '' she replied . 
 `` if every newscaster got scared off by the threat of violence or kidnapping or death , there would n't be any news at all . 
 they have to brave a lot to get their stories . 
 consider yourself practice for the real world . '' 
 `` i 'm so honored , '' i deadpanned . 
 she laughed . 
 `` so , anyway , are you free tomorrow ? 
 say , after school ? 
 we can meet in the library and you can give me that interview . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 i scowled at the phone , ignoring the angry buzzing coming from my gym bag . 
 `` just ask me your questions now and be done with it . '' 
 `` oh , no , i never do interviews over the phone if i can help it . '' 
 the buzzing grew louder , and my bag started to shake . 
 i gave it a thump , and it squeaked in outrage . 
 `` phone interviews are too impersonal , '' kenzie went on , oblivious to my ridiculous fight with the gym bag . 
 `` i want to look at the person i 'm interviewing , really see their reactions , get a glimpse into their thoughts and feelings . 
 i ca n't do that over the phone . 
 so , tomorrow in the library , okay ? 
 after the last class . 
 will you be there ? '' 
 a session alone with kenzie . 
 my heart beat faster at the thought , and i coldly stomped it down . 
 yes , kenzie was cute , smart , popular and extremely attractive . 
 you 'd have to be blind not to see it . 
 she was also obscenely rich , or her family was , anyway . 
 the few rumors i 'd heard said her father owned three mansions and a private jet , and kenzie only went to public school because she wanted to . 
 even if i was anywhere near normal , mackenzie st. james was way out of my league . 
 and it was better that way . 
 i could n't allow myself to get comfortable with this girl , to let my guard down for an instant . 
 the second i let people get close to me , the fey would make them targets . 
 i would not let that happen ever again . 
 my bag actually jumped about two inches off the bed , landing with a thump on the mattress . 
 i winced and dragged it back before it could leap to the floor . 
 `` sure , '' i said distractedly , not really thinking about it . 
 `` whatever . 
 i 'll be there . '' 
 `` awesome ! '' 
 i could sense kenzie 's smile . 
 `` thanks , tough guy . 
 see you tomorrow . '' 
 i hung up . 
 outside , lightning flickered through the window , showing a storm was on its way . 
 grabbing my rattan stick , i braced myself and unzipped the gym bag in one quick motion , releasing a wave of stink and a furious , buzzing piskie into my room . 
 not surprisingly , the faery made a beeline for the window but veered away when it noticed the line of salt poured along the sill . 
 it darted toward the door , but an iron horseshoe hung over the frame and a coil of metal wire had been wound over the doorknob . 
 it hummed around the ceiling like a frantic wasp , then finally drifted down to the headboard , alighting on a bedpost . 
 crossing its arms , it gave me an annoyed , expectant look . 
 i smiled nastily . 
 `` feeling better , are we ? 
 you 're not getting out of here until i say so , so sit down and relax . '' 
 the piskie 's wings vibrated , and i kept my rattan out , ready to swat if it decided to dive-bomb me . 
 `` i saved your life back there , '' i reminded the faery . 
 `` so i think you owe me something . 
 that 's generally how these things work . 
 you owe me a life debt , and i 'm calling it in right now . '' 
 it bristled but crossed its legs and sat down on the post , looking sulky . 
 i relaxed my guard , but only a little . 
 `` sucks being on that end of a bargain , does n't it ? '' 
 i smirked , enjoying my position , and leaned back against the desk . 
 the piskie glared , then lifted one arm in an impatient gesture that clearly said , well ? 
 get on with it , then . 
 still keeping it in my sights , i crossed my room and locked the door , more to keep curious parents out than annoyed faeries in . 
 life debt or no , i could only imagine the trouble the piskie would cause if she managed to escape to the rest of the house . 
 `` thistle , right ? '' 
 i asked , returning to the desk . 
 the piskie 's head bobbed once in affirmation . 
 i wondered if i should ask about meghan but decided against it . 
 piskies , i 'd discovered , were notoriously difficult to understand and had the attention span of a gnat . 
 long , drawn-out conversations with them were virtually impossible , as they tended to forget the question as soon as it was answered . 
 `` you know todd , then ? '' 
 the piskie buzzed and nodded . 
 `` what did you do for him recently ? '' 
 the result was a garbled , high-pitched mess of words and sentences , spoken so quickly it made my head spin . 
 it was like listening to a chipmunk on speed . 
 `` all right , enough ! '' 
 i said , holding up my hands . 
 `` i was n't thinking . '' 
 yes or no answers , ethan , remember ? 
 the piskie gave me a confused frown , but i ignored it and continued . 
 `` so , were you following me today ? '' 
 another nod . 
 `` why - '' the piskie gave a terrified squeal and buzzed frantically about the room , nearly smacking into me as it careened around the walls . 
 i ducked , covering my head , as it zipped across the room , babbling in its shrill , squeaking voice . 
 `` okay , okay ! 
 calm down ! 
 sorry i asked . '' 
 it finally hovered in a corner , shaking its head , eyes bulging out of its skull . 
 i eyed it warily . 
 huh . 
 that was ... interesting . 
 `` what was that about ? '' 
 i demanded . 
 the piskie buzzed and hugged itself , wings trembling . 
 `` something was after you tonight , was n't it ? 
 that thing in the locker room-it was chasing you . 
 piss off an iron faery , then ? '' 
 the fey of the iron queen 's court were the only creatures i could think of that could provoke such a reaction . 
 i did n't know what it was like in the nevernever , but here , the old-world faeries and the iron fey still did n't get along very well . 
 generally , the two groups avoided each other , pretending the other did n't exist . 
 but faeries were fickle and destructive and violent , and fights still broke out between them , usually ending fatally . 
 but the piskie shook its head , squeaking and waving its thin arms . 
 i frowned . 
 `` it was n't an iron fey , '' i guessed , and it shook its head again , vigorously . 
 `` what was it ? '' 
 `` ethan ? '' 
 there was a knock , and dad 's voice came through the door . 
 `` are you in there ? 
 who are you talking to ? '' 
 i winced . 
 unlike mom , dad had no problem invading my personal space . 
 if it were up to him , i would n't even have a door . 
 `` on the phone , dad ! '' 
 i called back . 
 `` oh . 
 well , dinner is ready . 
 tell your friend you 'll call back , okay ? '' 
 i grunted and heard his footsteps retreat down the hall . 
 the piskie still hovered in the corner , watching me with big black eyes . 
 it was terrified , and even though it was fey and had probably played a million nasty pranks on unsuspecting humans , i suddenly felt like a bully . 
 i sighed . 
 `` you know what ? '' 
 i told it , moving to the window . 
 `` forget it . 
 this was stupid of me . 
 i 'm not getting involved with any of you , life debt or no . '' 
 sweeping away the salt , i unlocked the window and pushed it open , letting in a blast of cool , rain-scented air . 
 `` get out of here , '' i told the piskie , who blinked in astonishment . 
 `` you want to repay me ? 
 whatever you 're doing for that half-breed , stop it . 
 i do n't want you hanging around him , or me , ever again . 
 now beat it . '' 
 i jerked my head toward the window , and the piskie did n't hesitate . 
 it zipped past my head , seeming to go right through the screen , and vanished into the night . 
 chapter four an unexpected visitor storms always made me moody . 
 more so than usual , anyway . 
 do n't know why ; maybe they reminded me of my childhood , back in the swamps . 
 we 'd gotten a lot of rain on our small farm , and somehow the drumming of water on the tin roof always put me to sleep . 
 or maybe because , when i was very small , i would creep out of bed and into my sister 's room , and she would hold me as the thunder boomed and tell me stories until i fell asleep . 
 i did n't want to remember those days . 
 they just reminded me that she was n't here now , and she never would be again . 
 i loaded the last plate into the dishwasher and kicked it shut , wincing as a crash of thunder outside made the lights flicker . 
 hopefully , the power would stay on this time . 
 call me paranoid , but stumbling around in the dark with nothing but a candle made me positive that the fey were lurking in shadowy corners and darkened bathrooms , waiting to pounce . 
 i finished clearing the table , walked into the living room and flopped down on the couch . 
 dad had already gone to work , and mom was upstairs , so the house was fairly still as i flipped on the television , turning up the volume to drown out the storm . 
 the doorbell rang . 
 i ignored it . 
 it was n't for me , that was for certain . 
 i did n't have friends ; no one ever came to my house to hang out with the weird , unfriendly freak . 
 most likely it was our neighbor , mrs. tully , who was friends with mom and liked to glare at me through the slits in her venetian blinds . 
 as if she was afraid i would throw eggs at her house or kick her yappy little dog . 
 she liked to give mom advice about what to do with me , claiming she knew a couple of good military schools that would straighten me right out . 
 most likely , she was huddled on our doorstep with an umbrella and a bag of extra candles , using the storm as an excuse to come in and gossip , probably about me . 
 i snorted under my breath . 
 mom was too nice to tell her to take a hike , but i had no such convictions . 
 she could just stay out there as far as i was concerned . 
 the doorbell rang again , and it sounded louder this time , more insistent . 
 `` ethan ! '' 
 mom called from somewhere upstairs , her voice sharp . 
 `` will you get that , please ? 
 do n't leave whoever it is standing there in the rain ! '' 
 sighing , i dragged myself upright and went to the door , expecting to see a plump old woman glaring disapprovingly as i yanked it open . 
 it was n't mrs. tully , however . 
 it was todd . 
 at first , i did n't recognize him . 
 he had on a huge camouflage jacket that was two sizes too big , and the hood had fallen over his eyes . 
 when he raised a hand and shoved it back , the porch light caught his pupils and made them glitter orange . 
 his hair and furry ears were drenched , and he looked even smaller than normal , huddled in that enormous coat . 
 a bike lay on its side in the grass behind him , wheels spinning in the rain . 
 `` oh , good , this is the right house . '' 
 todd grinned at me , canines flashing in the dim light . 
 a violet-skinned piskie peeked out of his hood , blinking huge black eyes , and i recoiled . 
 `` hey , ethan ! '' 
 the half-breed said cheerfully , peering past me into the house . 
 `` nasty weather , is n't it ? 
 uh , can i come in ? '' 
 i instantly shut the door in his face , leaving no more than a few inches open to glare at him through the crack . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 i hissed . 
 he flattened his ears at my tone , looking scared now . 
 `` i need to talk to you , '' he whispered , glancing back over his shoulder . 
 `` it 's important , and you 're the only one who might be able to help . 
 please , you got ta let me in . '' 
 `` no way . '' 
 i kept a firm foot on the edge of the door , refusing to budge an inch as he pushed forward . 
 `` if you 're in trouble with them , that 's your problem for getting involved . 
 i told you before-i want nothing to do with it . '' 
 i glared at the piskie who crouched beneath todd 's hood , watching it carefully . 
 `` get lost . 
 go home . '' 
 `` i ca n't ! '' 
 todd leaned in frantically , eyes wide . 
 `` i ca n't go home because they 're waiting for me . '' 
 `` who ? '' 
 `` i do n't know ! 
 these weird , creepy , ghostly things . 
 they 've been hanging around my house since yesterday , watching me , and they keep getting closer . '' 
 a chill spread through my stomach . 
 i gazed past him into the rainy streets , searching for glimmers of movement , shadows of things not there . 
 `` what did you do ? '' 
 i growled , glaring at the half-phouka , who cringed . 
 `` i do n't know ! '' 
 todd made a desperate , helpless gesture , and his piskie friend squeaked . 
 `` i 've never seen these type of fey before . 
 but they keep following me , watching me . 
 i think they 're after us , '' he continued , gesturing to the fey on his shoulder . 
 `` violet and beetle are both terrified , and i ca n't find thistle anywhere . '' 
 `` so , you came here , to pull my family into this ? 
 are you crazy ? '' 
 `` ethan ? '' 
 mom appeared behind me , peering over my shoulder . 
 `` who are you talking to ? '' 
 `` no one ! '' 
 but it was too late ; she 'd already seen him . 
 glancing past me , todd gave a sheepish smile and a wave . 
 `` um , hey , ethan 's mom , '' he greeted , suddenly charming and polite . 
 `` i 'm todd . 
 ethan and i were supposed to trade notes this evening , but i sorta got caught in the rain on the way here . 
 it 's nothing-i 'm used to biking across town . 
 in the rain . 
 and the cold . '' 
 he sniffled and glanced mournfully at his bike , lying in the mud behind him . 
 `` sorry for disturbing you , '' he said , glancing up with the most pathetic puppy dog eyes i 'd ever seen . 
 `` it 's late . 
 i guess i 'll head on home now ... '' `` what ? 
 in this weather ? 
 no , todd , you 'll catch your death . '' 
 mom shooed me out of the doorway and gestured to the half-phouka on the steps . 
 `` come inside and dry off , at least . 
 do your parents know where you are ? '' 
 `` thank you . '' 
 todd grinned as he scurried over the threshold . 
 i clenched my fists to stop myself from shoving him back into the rain . 
 `` and yeah , it 's okay . 
 i told my mom i was visiting a friend 's house . '' 
 `` well , if the rain does n't let up , you 're more than welcome to stay the night , '' mom said , sealing my fate . 
 `` ethan has a spare sleeping bag you can borrow , and he can take you both to school tomorrow in his truck . '' 
 she fixed me with a steely glare that promised horrible repercussions if i was n't nice . 
 `` you do n't mind , do you ? '' 
 i sighed . 
 `` whatever . '' 
 glancing at todd , who looked way too pleased , i turned away and gestured for him to follow . 
 `` come on , then . 
 i 'll get that sleeping bag set up . '' 
 he trailed me to my room , gazing around eagerly as he stepped through the frame . 
 that changed when i slammed the door , making him jump , and turned to glare at him . 
 `` all right , '' i growled , stalking forward , backing him up to the wall . 
 `` start talking . 
 what 's so damned important that you had to come here and drag my family into whatever mess you created ? '' 
 `` ethan , wait . '' 
 todd held up clawed hands . 
 `` you were right , okay ? 
 i should n't have been screwing around with the fey , but it 's too late to go back and undo ... whatever i did . '' 
 `` what did you do ? '' 
 `` i told you , i do n't know ! '' 
 the half-breed bared his canines in frustration . 
 `` little things , nothing i have n't done before . 
 teensy contracts with thistle and violet and beetle to help with some of my tricks , but that 's all . 
 but i think something bigger took notice of us , and now i think i 'm in real trouble . '' 
 `` what do you want me to do about it ? '' 
 `` i just ... '' todd stopped , frowning . 
 `` wait a minute , '' he muttered , and pushed his hood back . 
 it flopped emptily . 
 `` violet ? 
 where 'd she go ? '' 
 he said , stripping out of the coat and shaking it . 
 `` she was here a few minutes ago . '' 
 i smirked at him . 
 `` your piskie friend ? 
 yeah , sorry , she could n't get past the ward on the front door . 
 no faery can get over the threshold without my permission , and i was n't about to set that thing free in my house . 
 it does n't work on half-breeds , sadly . '' 
 he looked up , eyes wide . 
 `` she 's still outside ? '' 
 a tap came on the window , where a new line of salt had been poured across the sill . 
 the dripping wet piskie stared through the glass at us , her small features pinched into a scowl . 
 i grinned at her smugly . 
 `` i knew it , '' todd whispered , and dropped his wet jacket onto a chair . 
 `` i knew you were the right person to come to . '' 
 i eyed him . 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 `` just ... '' he glanced at the piskie again . 
 she pressed her face to the glass , and he swallowed . 
 `` dude , can i. . . 
 uh ... let her in ? 
 i 'm scared those things are still out there . '' 
 `` if i refuse , are you going to keep bothering me until i say yes ? '' 
 `` more or less , yeah . '' 
 annoyed , i brushed away the salt and cracked open the window , letting the piskie through with a buzz of wings and damp air . 
 two faeries in my room in the same night ; this was turning into a nightmare . 
 `` do n't touch anything . '' 
 i glowered at her as she settled on todd 's shoulder with a huff . 
 `` i have an antique iron birdcage you can sit in if anything goes missing . '' 
 the piskie made irritated buzzing sounds , pointing at me and waving her arms , and todd shook his head . 
 `` i know , i know ! 
 but he 's the iron queen 's brother . 
 he 's the only one i could think of . '' 
 my heart gave a violent lurch at the mention of the iron queen , and i narrowed my eyes . 
 `` what was that ? '' 
 `` you have to help us , '' todd exclaimed , oblivious to my sudden anger . 
 `` these things are after me , and they do n't look friendly . 
 you 're the brother of the iron queen , and you know how to keep the fey out . 
 give me something to keep them away from me . 
 the common wards are helping , but i do n't think they 're strong enough . 
 i need something more powerful . '' 
 he leaned forward , ears pricked , eyes eager . 
 `` you know how to keep them away , right ? 
 you must , you 've been doing it all your life . 
 show me how . '' 
 `` forget it . '' 
 i glared at him , and his ears wilted . 
 `` what happens if i give you all my secrets ? 
 you would just use it to further your stupid tricks . 
 i 'm not revealing everything just to have it bite me in the ass later . '' 
 his ears drooped even more , and i crossed my arms . 
 `` besides , what about your little friends ? 
 the wards i know are for all fey , not just a select few . 
 what happens to them ? '' 
 `` we can get around that , '' todd said quickly . 
 `` we 'll make it work , somehow . 
 ethan , please . 
 i 'm desperate , here . 
 what do you want from me ? '' 
 he leaned forward . 
 `` give me a hint . 
 a tip . 
 a note scribbled on a fortune cookie , i 'll try anything . 
 talk to me this one time , and i swear i 'll leave you alone after this . '' 
 i raised an eyebrow . 
 `` and your friends ? '' 
 `` i 'll make sure they leave you alone , as well . '' 
 i sighed . 
 this was probably monumentally stupid , but i knew what it was like to feel trapped , not having anyone i could turn to . 
 `` all right , '' i said reluctantly . 
 `` i 'll help . 
 but i want your word that you 'll stop all bargains and contracts after today . 
 if i do this , no more ` help ' from the good neighbors , got it ? '' 
 the piskie buzzed sadly , but todd nodded without hesitation . 
 `` deal ! 
 i mean ... yeah . 
 i swear . '' 
 `` no more contracts or bargains ? '' 
 `` no more contracts or bargains . '' 
 he sighed and made an impatient gesture with a claw . 
 `` now , can we please get on with it ? '' 
 i had major doubts that he could keep that promise-half fey were n't bound by their promises the way full fey were-but what else could i do ? 
 he needed my help , and if something was after him , i could n't stand back and do nothing . 
 rubbing my eyes , i went to my desk , opened the bottom drawer and pulled out an old leather journal from under a stack of papers . 
 after hesitating a moment , i walked forward and tossed it onto my bed . 
 todd blinked . 
 `` what is that ? '' 
 `` all my research on the good neighbors , '' i said , pulling a half-empty notepad off my bookshelf . 
 `` and if you mention it to anyone , i will kick your ass . 
 here . '' 
 i tossed him the pad , and he caught it awkwardly . 
 `` take notes . 
 i 'll tell you what you need to know-it 'll be up to you to go through with it . '' 
 we stayed there for the rest of the evening , him sitting on my bed scribbling furiously , me leaning against my desk reading wards , charms and recipes from the journal . 
 i went over the common wards , like salt , iron and wearing your clothes inside out . 
 we went over things that could attract the fey into a house : babies , shiny things , large amounts of sugar or honey . 
 we briefly discussed the most powerful ward in the book , a circle of toadstools that would grow around the house and render everything inside invisible to the fey . 
 but that spell was extremely complicated , required rare and impossible ingredients , and could be safely performed only by a druid or a witch on the night of the waning moon . 
 since i did n't know any local witches , nor did i have any powdered unicorn horn lying around , we were n't going to be performing that spell anytime in the near future . 
 besides , i told a disappointed todd , you could put a wrought-iron fence around your house with less effort than the toadstool ring , and it would do nearly the same job in keeping out the fey . 
 `` so , '' todd ventured after a couple of hours of this . 
 i sensed he was getting bored , and marveled that the half-phouka had lasted this long . 
 `` enough talk about the fey already . 
 word around school is that you were a total douche to mackenzie st. james . '' 
 i looked up from the journal , where i was making small corrections to a charm using ragwort and mistletoe . 
 `` yeah ? 
 so what ? '' 
 `` dude , you 'd better be careful with that girl . '' 
 todd put down his pen and gazed at me with serious orange eyes . 
 the piskie buzzed from the top of my bookshelf to land on his shoulder . 
 `` last year , some guy kept following her around , trying to ask her out . 
 would n't leave her alone even when she turned him down . '' 
 he shook his shaggy head . 
 `` the whole football team took him out behind the bleachers to have ' a talk ' about kenzie . 
 poor bastard would n't even look at her after that . '' 
 `` i have no interest in kenzie st. james , '' i said flatly . 
 `` good to hear , '' todd replied . '' 
 'cause kenzie is off-limits . 
 and not just to people like you and me . 
 everyone at school knows it . 
 you do n't bother her , you do n't start rumors about her , you do n't hang around , you do n't make yourself unwanted , or the goon squad will come and leave an impression of your face in the wall . '' 
 `` seems a little drastic , '' i muttered , intrigued despite myself . 
 `` what , did she have a nasty breakup with one of the jocks , and now he does n't want anyone to have her ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 todd shook his head . 
 `` kenzie does n't have a boyfriend . 
 she 's never had a boyfriend . 
 not once . 
 why is that , you wonder ? 
 she 's gorgeous , smart , and everyone says her dad is loaded . 
 but she 's never gone out with anyone . 
 why ? '' 
 `` because people do n't want their heads bashed in by testosterone-ridden gorillas ? '' 
 i guessed , rolling my eyes . 
 but todd shook his head . 
 `` no , i do n't think that 's it , '' he said , frowning at my snort of disbelief . 
 `` i mean , think about it , dude-if kenzie wanted a boyfriend , do you think anyone , even chief tool kingston himself , would be able to stop her ? '' 
 no , i thought , he would n't . 
 no one would . 
 i had the distinct feeling that if kenzie wanted something , she would get it , no matter how difficult or impossible it was . 
 she had wheedled an interview out of me-that was saying something . 
 the girl just did n't take no for an answer . 
 `` kinda makes you wonder , '' todd mused . 
 `` pretty girl like that , with no boyfriend and no interest in any guy ? 
 do you think she could be - '' `` i do n't care , '' i interrupted , pushing thoughts of mackenzie st. james to the back of my mind . 
 i could n't think about her . 
 because even if kenzie was pretty and kind and had treated me like a decent human being , even though i was a total ass to her , i could not afford to bring someone else into my dangerous , screwed-up world . 
 i was spending the evening teaching anti-faery charms to a piskie and a half-phouka ; that was a pretty good indication of how messed up my life was . 
 a crash of thunder outside rattled the ceiling and made the lights flicker just as there was a knock on the door and mom poked her head in . 
 i quickly flipped the journal shut , and todd snatched the notebook from where it lay on the bed , hiding the contents as she gazed down at us . 
 `` how are you boys doing ? '' 
 mom asked , smiling at todd , who beamed back at her . 
 i kept a close eye on his piskie , making sure it did n't dart through the crack into the rest of the house . 
 `` everything all right ? '' 
 `` we 're fine , mom , '' i said quickly , wishing she would close the door . 
 she frowned at me , then turned to my unwanted guest . 
 `` todd , it looks like it 's going to storm all night . 
 my husband is at work , so he ca n't drive you home , and i am not sending you out in this weather . 
 it looks like you 'll have to stay here tonight . '' 
 he looked relieved , and i suppressed a groan . 
 `` make sure you call your parents to let them know where you are , okay ? '' 
 `` i will , mrs. chase . '' 
 `` did ethan set you up with a sleeping bag yet ? '' 
 `` not yet . '' 
 todd grinned at me . 
 `` but he was just about to , right , ethan ? '' 
 i glared daggers at him . 
 `` sure . '' 
 `` good . 
 i 'll see you boys tomorrow morning , then . 
 and ethan ? '' 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 she gave me a brief look that said be nice or your father will hear about this . 
 `` it 's still a school night . 
 lights out before too long , okay ? '' 
 `` fine . '' 
 the door clicked shut , and todd turned to me , wide-eyed . 
 `` wow , and i thought my parents were strict . 
 i have n't heard ` lights out ' since i was ten . 
 do you have a curfew , as well ? '' 
 i gave him a hooded stare , daring him to go on , and he squirmed . 
 `` um , so where 's the bathroom , again ? '' 
 i rose , dug a sleeping bag from my closet , and tossed it and an extra pillow on the floor . 
 `` bathroom 's down the hall to the right , '' i muttered , returning to my desk . 
 `` just be quiet-my dad gets home late and might freak out if he does n't know about you . 
 and the piskie stays here . 
 it does n't leave this room , got it ? '' 
 `` sure , man . '' 
 todd closed the notebook , rolled it up , and stuffed it in a back pocket . 
 `` i 'll try some of these when i get home , see if any of them work . 
 hey , ethan , thanks for doing this . 
 i owe you . '' 
 `` whatever . '' 
 i turned my back on him and opened my laptop . 
 `` you do n't owe me anything , '' i muttered as he started to leave the room . 
 `` in fact , you can thank me by never mentioning this to anyone , ever . '' 
 todd paused in the hallway . 
 he seemed about to say something , but when i did n't look up , turned and left silently , the door clicking shut behind him . 
 i sighed and plugged my headphones into my computer , pulling them over my head . 
 despite mom 's insistence that i go to bed soon , sleep was n't likely . 
 not with a piskie and a half-phouka sharing my room tonight ; i 'd wake up with my head glued to the baseboard , or find my computer taped to the ceiling , or something like that . 
 i shot a glare at the piskie sitting on my bookshelf , legs dangling over the side , and she glared back , baring sharp little teeth in my direction . 
 definitely no sleep for ethan tonight . 
 at least i had coffee and live-streaming to keep me company . 
 `` oh , cool , you like firefly ? '' 
 todd came back into the room , peering over my shoulder at the computer screen . 
 grabbing a stool , he plunked himself down next to me , oblivious to my wary look . 
 `` man , does n't it suck that it was canceled ? 
 i seriously thought about sending thistle with a few of her friends to jinx fox until they put it on again . '' 
 he tapped the side of his head , indicating my headphones . 
 `` dude , turn it up . 
 this is my favorite episode . 
 they should 've just stuck with the television series and not bothered with that awful movie . '' 
 i pulled the headphones down . 
 `` what are you talking about ? 
 serenity was awesome . 
 they needed it to tie up all the loose ends , like what happened with river and simon . '' 
 `` yeah , after killing everyone that was important , '' todd sneered , rolling his eyes . 
 `` bad enough that they offed the preacher dude . 
 once wash died i was done . '' 
 `` that was brilliant , '' i argued . 
 `` made you sit up and think , hey , if wash died , no one was safe . '' 
 `` whatever , man . 
 you probably cheered when anya died on buffy , too . '' 
 i smirked but caught myself . 
 what was happening here ? 
 i did n't need this . 
 i did n't need someone to laugh and joke and argue the finer points of whedon films with me . 
 friends did that sort of thing . 
 todd was not my friend . 
 more important , i was n't anyone 's friend . 
 i was someone who should be avoided at all costs . 
 even someone like todd was at risk if i did n't keep my distance . 
 not to mention the pain he could bring down on me . 
 `` fine . '' 
 pulling off the headphones , i set them on the desk in front of the half-breed , not taking my hand away . 
 `` knock yourself out . 
 just remember ... '' todd reached for the headphones , and i pulled them back . 
 `` after tonight , we 're done . 
 you do n't talk to me , you do n't look for me , and you definitely do n't show up at my front door . 
 when we get to school , you 'll go your way and i 'll go mine . 
 do n't ever come here again , got it ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 todd 's voice , though sullen , was resigned . 
 `` i got it . '' 
 i pushed myself to my feet , and he frowned , pulling the headphones over his furry ears . 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 `` to make some coffee . '' 
 i shot a glance at the piskie , now on my windowsill , staring out at the rain , and resigned myself to the inevitable . 
 `` want some ? '' 
 `` ugh , usually that would be a ` no , ' '' todd muttered , pulling a face . 
 following my gaze to the window , his ears flattened . 
 `` but , yeah , go ahead and make me a cup . 
 extra strong ... black ... whatever . '' 
 he shivered as he watched the storm raging beyond the glass . 
 `` i do n't think either of us will be getting much sleep tonight . '' 
 chapter five the ghost fey `` uh-oh , '' todd muttered from the passenger seat of my truck . 
 `` looks like kingston is back . '' 
 i gave the red camaro a weary look as we cruised past it in the parking lot , not bothering to think about what todd might be implying . 
 hell , i was tired . 
 staying up all night as todd watched reruns of angel and firefly , listening to the half-breed 's running commentary and drinking endless cups of coffee to keep myself awake , was n't high on my list of favorite things to do . 
 at least one of us had gotten a few hours ' sleep . 
 todd had finally curled up on the sleeping bag and started to snore , but the piskie and i had given each other evil glares until dawn . 
 today was going to suck , big-time . 
 todd opened the door and hopped out of the truck almost before i turned off the engine . 
 `` so , uh , i guess i 'll see you around , '' he said , edging away from me . 
 `` thanks again for last night . 
 i 'll start setting these up as soon as i get home . '' 
 whatever , i wanted to say , but just yawned at him instead . 
 todd hesitated , as if he was debating whether or not to tell me something . 
 he grimaced . 
 `` also , you might want to avoid kingston today , man . 
 i mean , like the plague . 
 just a friendly warning . '' 
 i gave him a wary look . 
 not that i had any intention of talking to kingston , ever , but ... `` why ? '' 
 he shuffled his feet . 
 `` oh , just ... because . 
 see ya , ethan . '' 
 and he took off , bounding over the parking lot , his huge coat flapping behind him . 
 i stared after him , then shook my head . 
 why do i get the feeling i 've just been had ? 
 * * * yep , the half-breed had definitely been hiding something , because kingston was out for blood . 
 i would n't have noticed , except he made a point of glaring at me all through class , following me down the hallway , cracking his knuckles and mouthing `` you 're dead , freak , '' at me over the aisles . 
 i did n't know what his problem was . 
 he could n't still be pissed about that fight in the hallway , if you could even call it a fight . 
 maybe he was mad because he had n't gotten to knock my teeth out . 
 i ignored his unsubtle threats and made a point of not looking at him , vowing that the next time i ran into todd , we were going to have a talk . 
 other than glaring at me , kingston left me alone in the halls to and from class . 
 but i expected him to try something during lunch , so i found a hidden corner in the library where i could eat in peace . 
 not that i was afraid of the football star and his gorillas , but i wanted to go to that damn demonstration , and they were n't going to ruin it by getting me expelled . 
 the library was dim and smelled of dust and old pages . 
 a no food or drink sign was plastered to the front desk , but i stuffed my sandwich under my jacket , slipped my soda can into my pocket , and retreated to the back . 
 the head librarian stared as i walked past her desk , her hawk eyes glinting behind her glasses , but she did n't stop me . 
 opening my soda , making sure it did n't hiss , i sank down on the floor between aisles m-n and o-p with a relieved sigh . 
 leaning against the wall , i gazed through the cracks in the books , watching students moving down the mazelike corridors . 
 a girl came down my aisle once , book in hand , and came to an abrupt halt , blinking . 
 i glared stonily , and she retreated without a word . 
 well , my life had certainly reached a new low . 
 hiding out in the library so the star quarterback would n't try to stick my head through a wall or put his fist between my teeth . 
 return the favor , and i 'd be expelled . 
 morosely , i finished the last of my sandwich and checked my watch . 
 still thirty-five minutes to class . 
 restless , i plucked a book off the shelf next to me and skimmed through it : the history of cheeses and cheesemaking . 
 how fascinating . 
 as i put it back , my thoughts drifted to kenzie . 
 i was supposed to meet her here after school for that stupid interview . 
 i wondered what she would ask , what she wanted to know . 
 why had she even singled me out , after i 'd made it perfectly clear that i wanted nothing to do with her ? 
 i snorted . 
 maybe that was the reason . 
 she liked a challenge . 
 or maybe she was intrigued by someone who was n't tripping over himself to talk to her . 
 if you believed what todd said , mackenzie st. james probably had everything handed to her on a silver platter . 
 stop thinking about her , ethan . 
 it does n't matter why ; after today you 'll go back to ignoring her , same as everyone else . 
 there was a buzz somewhere overhead , the soft flutter of wings , and all my senses went rigidly alert . 
 casually , i picked up the book again and pretended to flip through it while listening for the faery atop the shelves . 
 if the piskie tried anything , it would be squashed like a big spider under the history of cheeses and cheesemaking . 
 the piskie squeaked in its excited , high-pitched voice , wings buzzing . 
 i was tempted to glance up to see whether it was the piskie i 'd saved in the locker room or todd 's little purple friend . 
 if either were back to torture me after i just saved their miserable lives and stuck my neck out for the half-breed , i was going to be really annoyed . 
 `` there you are ! '' 
 a body appeared at the end of the aisle , orange eyes glowing in the dim light . 
 i suppressed a groan as the half-breed ducked into the corridor , panting . 
 his ears were pressed flat to his skull , and his canines were bared as he flung himself down next to me . 
 `` i 've been looking everywhere for you , '' he whispered , peering through the books , eyes wild . 
 `` look , you 've got to help me . 
 they 're still after us ! '' 
 `` help you ? '' 
 i glared at him , and he shrank back . 
 `` i 've already helped you far more than i should have . 
 you swore you would leave me alone after this . 
 what happened to that ? '' 
 todd started to reply , and i held up my hand . 
 `` no , forget that question . 
 let me ask another one . 
 why does kingston want to bash my head in today ? '' 
 he fiddled with the end of his sleeve . 
 `` dude ... you have to understand ... this was before i knew you . 
 before i realized something was after me . 
 if i 'd known i 'd be asking for your help ... you ca n't get mad at me , okay ? '' 
 i waited , letting the silence stretch . 
 todd grimaced . 
 `` okay , so i. . . 
 uh ... might 've asked thistle to pay him back for what he did , but to make sure he did n't connect it to me . 
 she put something in his shorts that ... er ... made him swell up and itch like crazy . 
 that 's why he was n't here yesterday . 
 but , the catch is , he knows someone did it to him . '' 
 `` and he thinks it was me . '' 
 groaning , i leaned my head back and thumped it against the wall . 
 so that 's why the quarterback was on the warpath . 
 i raised my head and glared at him . 
 `` give me one good reason i should n't kick your ass right now . '' 
 `` dude , they are here ! '' 
 todd leaned forward again , apparently too panicked to take my threat seriously . 
 `` i 've seen them , peering in through the windows , staring right at me ! 
 i ca n't go home while they 're out there ! 
 they 're just waiting for me to step outside . '' 
 `` what do you want me to do about it ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` make them go away ! 
 tell them to leave me alone . '' 
 he grabbed my sleeve . 
 `` you 're the brother of the iron queen ! 
 you have to do something . '' 
 `` no , i do n't . 
 and keep your voice down ! '' 
 i stood and glared down at them both . 
 `` this is your mess . 
 i told you before , i want nothing to do with them , and your friends have caused me nothing but trouble since the day i got here . 
 i stepped in front of kingston for you , i let a piskie and a half-phouka into my room last night , and look where it got me . 
 that 's what i get for sticking my neck out . '' 
 todd wilted , looking stunned and betrayed , but i was too angry to care . 
 `` i told you before , '' i growled , backing out of the aisle , `` we 're done . 
 stay away from me , you hear ? 
 i do n't want you or your friends around me , my house , my family , my car , anything . 
 i 've helped you as much as i can . 
 now leave . 
 me . 
 alone . '' 
 without waiting for an answer , i whirled and stalked away , scanning the room for invisible things that might be lurking in the corners , ready to pounce . 
 if the fey were hanging around the school like todd said , i would have to up the ante on some of my protection wards , both for my truck and my person . 
 also , if kingston was ready to put my head through a bathroom stall , i should probably head back to class and lay low until he and the gorilla squad cooled off a bit . 
 as i neared the librarian 's desk , however , a faint , muffled sob came from one of the aisles behind me , and i stopped . 
 dammit . 
 closing my eyes , i hesitated , torn between anger and guilt . 
 i knew what it was like , being hunted by the fey . 
 i knew the fear , the desperation , when dealing with the fair folk who meant you harm . 
 when you realized that it was just you against them and no one could help you . 
 when you realized they knew it , too . 
 spinning on a heel , i walked back to the far aisle , cursing myself for getting involved one more time . 
 i found todd sitting where i had left him , huddled in the aisle looking miserable , the piskie crouched on his shoulder . 
 they both glanced up when i approached , and todd blinked , furry ears pricking hopefully . 
 `` i 'll drive you home , '' i said , watching his face light up with relief . 
 `` last favor , all right ? 
 you have what you need to keep them away from you-just follow the instructions i gave you and you 'll be fine . 
 do n't thank me , '' i said as he opened his mouth . 
 `` just meet me here after class . 
 i have this interview with the school reporter i have to do first , but it should n't take long . 
 we 'll leave when i 'm done . '' 
 `` school reporter ? '' 
 todd 's smile shifted to an obnoxious leer in the space of a blink . 
 `` you mean st. james . 
 so , she 's got you wrapped around her little finger , too , huh ? 
 that did n't take long . '' 
 `` you wan na walk home ? '' 
 `` sorry . '' 
 the smirk vanished as quickly as it had come . 
 `` i 'll be here . 
 in fact , i think violet and i are just going to stay right here until classes are over . 
 you go do your interview thing . 
 we 'll be close , probably hiding under a table or something . '' 
 i made a mental note to check under the table before i did any interviews that afternoon , and left without another word . 
 this time i did not look back . 
 damn the fey . 
 why could n't they leave me alone ? 
 or todd , for that matter ? 
 why did they make life miserable for anyone caught up in their twisted sights ? 
 human , half-breed , young , old , it did n't matter . 
 i was no safer today than i had been thirteen years ago , just more paranoid and hostile . 
 was it always going to be like this , constantly looking over my shoulder , being alone so no one else got hurt ? 
 was i ever going to be free of them ? 
 as i stepped through the library doors , my thoughts still on the conversation with the half-breed , something grabbed my shoulder and slammed me into the wall . 
 my head struck the cement with a painful crack , expelling the air from my lungs . 
 stars danced across my vision for a second , and i blinked them away . 
 kingston glared down at me , one fist in the collar of my shirt , pinning me to the wall . 
 two of his goons stood at his shoulders , flanking him like growling attack dogs . 
 `` hey there , a ** hole , '' kingston 's hot breath whipped at my face as he leaned close , reeking of smoke and spearmint . 
 `` i think we need to have a little talk . '' 
 the demonstration , ethan . 
 keep it together . 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 i snarled , forcing myself not to move , not to shoot my arm up his neck , wrench his head down and drive my knee into his ugly mouth . 
 or grab the hand on my collar , spin around , and slam his thick face into the wall . 
 so many options , but i kept myself still , not meeting his eyes . 
 `` i have n't done anything to you . '' 
 `` shut up ! '' 
 his grip tightened , pressing me harder against the cement . 
 `` i know it was you . 
 do n't ask me how , but i know . 
 but we 'll get to that in a minute . '' 
 he brought his face close to mine , lips curling into a grim smile . 
 `` i hear you 've been talking to mackenzie . '' 
 you 've got to be kidding me . 
 all this time i 've been saying `` go away , '' and this still happens ? 
 `` so what ? '' 
 i challenged stupidly , making kingston narrow his eyes . 
 `` what are you going to do , pee on her locker to let everyone know she 's off-limits ? '' 
 kingston did n't smile . 
 his free fist clenched , and i kept a close eye on it in case it came streaking at my face . 
 `` she 's off-limits to you , '' he said , dead serious now . 
 `` and unless you want me to make it so that all your food comes through a straw , you 'll remember that . 
 you do n't talk to her , you do n't hang around her , you do n't even look at her . 
 just forget you ever heard her name , you got that ? '' 
 i would love to , i thought sourly . 
 if the girl would leave me alone . 
 but at the same time , something in me bristled at the thought of never talking to kenzie again . 
 maybe i did n't respond well to threats , maybe todd 's unknown faeries had me itching for a fight , but i straightened , looked brian kingston right in the eye and said , `` piss . 
 off . '' 
 he tensed , and his two friends swelled up behind him like angry bulls . 
 `` okay , freak , '' kingston said , and that evil smirk came creeping back . 
 `` if that 's how you want it . 
 fine . 
 i still owe you for making me miss practice yesterday . 
 and now , i 'm gon na make you beg . '' 
 the pressure on my shoulder tightened , pushing me toward the floor . 
 `` on your knees , freak . 
 that 's how you like it , right ? '' 
 `` hey ! '' 
 a clear , high voice rang through the hall , a second before i would 've exploded , demonstration or no . 
 mackenzie st. james came stalking toward us , a stack of books under one arm , her small form tight with fury . 
 `` let him go , brian , '' she demanded , marching up to the startled quarterback , a bristling kitten facing down a rottweiler . 
 `` what the hell is your problem ? 
 leave him alone ! '' 
 `` oh , hey , mackenzie . '' 
 brian grinned at her , looking almost sheepish . 
 taking your eyes off your opponent , i thought . 
 stupid move . 
 `` what a coincidence . 
 we were just talking about you to our mutual friend , here . '' 
 he shoved me against the wall again , and i fought down a knee-jerk reaction to snap his elbow . 
 `` he 's promised to be a lot nicer to you in the future , is n't that right , freak ? '' 
 `` brian ! '' 
 `` okay , okay . '' 
 kingston raised his hands and stepped away , and his cronies did the same . 
 `` take it easy , mac , we were just fooling around . '' 
 he turned a sneer on me , and i glared back , daring him to step forward , to grab me again . 
 `` you got lucky , freak , '' he said , backing away . 
 `` remember what i told you . 
 you wo n't always have a little girl around to protect you . '' 
 his friends snickered , and he winked at kenzie , who rolled her eyes . 
 `` we 'll see you around , real soon . '' 
 `` jerk , '' kenzie muttered as they sauntered off down the hall , laughing and high-fiving each other . 
 `` i do n't know what regan sees in him . '' 
 she shook her head and turned to me . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 embarrassed , fuming , i scowled at her . 
 `` i could 've handled it , '' i snapped , wishing i could put my fist through a wall or someone 's face . 
 `` you did n't have to interfere . '' 
 `` i know , tough guy . '' 
 she gave me a half smile , and i was n't sure if she was being serious . 
 `` but regan is fond of the big meathead , and i did n't want you to beat him up too badly . '' 
 i glared in the direction the jocks had gone , clenching my fists as i struggled to control my raging emotions , the urge to stalk down the hall and plant kingston 's face into the floor . 
 why me ? 
 i wanted to snap at her . 
 why wo n't you leave me alone ? 
 and why do you have the entire football team ready to tear someone in half for looking at you funny ? 
 `` anyway , '' kenzie continued , `` we 're still on for that interview , right ? 
 you 're planning on showing up , i hope . 
 i 'm dying to know what goes on in that broody head of yours . '' 
 `` i do n't brood . '' 
 she snorted . 
 `` tough guy , if brooding was a sport , you 'd have gold medals with scowling faces lining the walls of your room . '' 
 `` whatever . '' 
 kenzie laughed . 
 sweeping past me , she pushed open the library door , pausing in the frame . 
 `` see you in a couple hours , ethan . '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` i 'm holding you to it , tough guy . 
 promise me you wo n't run off or conveniently forget . '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 i blew out a breath as she grinned , and the door swung shut . 
 `` i 'll be there . '' 
 * * * i did n't go . 
 not that i did n't try . 
 despite the incident in the hall-or maybe because of it-i was n't about to let anyone tell me who i could or could not hang out with . 
 like i said , i do n't respond well to threats , and if i was being honest with myself , i was more than a little curious about mackenzie st. james . 
 so after the last bell , i gathered my stuff , made sure the hall was clear of kingston and his thugs , and headed toward the library . 
 about halfway there , i realized i was being followed . 
 the halls were nearly empty as i went by the cafeteria . 
 the few bodies i passed were going the other way , to the parking lot and the vehicles that would take them home . 
 but as i made my way through the quiet hallways , i got that strange prickle on the back of my neck that told me i was n't alone . 
 casually , i stopped at a water fountain , bending down to get a quick drink . 
 but i slid my gaze off to the side , scanning the hall . 
 there was a shimmer of white at the edge of my vision , as something glided around a corner and stopped in the shadows , watching . 
 my gut tightened , but i forced myself to straighten and walk down the hall as if nothing was wrong . 
 i could feel the presence at my back following me , and my heart began to thud in my chest . 
 it was the same creature , the one that i 'd seen in the locker room that night , when the piskie found me . 
 what was it ? 
 one of the fey , i was certain , but i 'd never seen this kind before , all pale and transparent , almost ghostlike . 
 a bean sidhe , perhaps ? 
 but bean sidhes usually announced their presence with hair-raising shrieks and wails ; they did n't silently trail someone down a dark corridor , being careful to stay just out of sight . 
 and i certainly was n't about to die . 
 i hoped . 
 what does it want with me ? 
 i paused at the library door , grasping the handle but not pulling it open . 
 through the small rectangular window , i saw the front desk , the librarian 's gray head bent over the computer . 
 kenzie would be in there , somewhere , waiting for me . 
 and todd . 
 i 'd promised i would meet them both , and i hated breaking my word . 
 a memory flashed : one of myself , fleeing the redcaps , taking refuge in the library . 
 pulling a knife as i hunkered between the aisles , waiting for them . 
 the sadistic faeries setting fire to the wall of books to flush me into the open . 
 i escaped , but my rush to get out was taken as me fleeing the scene of the crime , leading to my expulsion from school . 
 i drew in a quiet breath , pausing in the door frame , anger and fear spreading through my stomach . 
 no , i could n't do this . 
 if i went in , if they saw me talking to kenzie , they could use her to get to me . 
 i did n't know what they wanted , but i was n't going to draw another person into my dangerous , messed-up life . 
 not again . 
 releasing the handle , i stepped away and continued down the hall . 
 i felt the thing follow me , and as i turned the corner , i thought i heard the library door creak open . 
 i did n't look back . 
 i walked out to the parking lot , but i did n't stop there . 
 getting in my truck and driving home might lose my tail , but it would n't give me any answers as to why it was following me . 
 instead , i passed the rows of cars , stepped over the curb , and continued on to the football field . 
 thankfully , it was empty today . 
 no practice , no screaming coaches , no armored jocks slamming into each other . 
 if kingston and his friends saw me sauntering casually across their turf in a very blatant show of screw you , kingston , what are you gon na do about it ? 
 they would try to bury me here . 
 i wondered if anyone else could see me , and if they did , would they tell the quarterback i was figuratively pissing on his territory ? 
 i smirked at the thought , vaguely tempted to stop and make it literal , as well . 
 but i had more important things to deal with , and a pissing contest with kingston was n't one of them . 
 behind the bleachers , i stopped . 
 a fence separated the field from a line of trees on the other side , so it was cool and shady here . 
 i wished i had my knife . 
 something sharp , metal and lethal between me and whatever was coming my way . 
 but i 'd been caught with a knife before , and it had gotten me in a lot of trouble , so i 'd left it at home . 
 putting my back to the fence , i waited . 
 something stepped around the bleachers , or rather , shimmered around the bleachers , barely visible in the sun . 
 and even though it was a bright fall afternoon , with enough sunlight to melt away the chill , i suddenly felt cold . 
 sluggish . 
 like my thoughts and emotions were slowly being drained , leaving behind an empty shell . 
 shivering , i gazed stonily at the thing hovering a few feet away . 
 it was unlike any faery i 'd seen before . 
 not a nymph , a sidhe , a boggart , a dryad , anything i recognized . 
 not to say i was an expert on the different types of faeries , but i 'd seen more than most people , and this one was just ... weird . 
 it was shorter than me by nearly a foot and so thin it did n't seem possible that its legs could hold it up . 
 in fact , its legs ended in needle-sharp tips , so it looked as if it was walking on toothpicks instead of feet . 
 its face was hatchet thin , and its fingers were those same thin points , as if it could poke its nail right through your skull . 
 the skeletons of what used to be wings protruded from its bony shoulders , broken and shattered , and it hovered a few inches off the ground , as if the earth itself did n't want to touch it . 
 for a few seconds , we just stared at each other . 
 `` all right , '' i said in an even voice , as the creepy fey floated there , still watching me . 
 `` you followed me out here-you obviously wanted to see me . 
 what the hell do you want ? '' 
 its eyes , huge and multifaceted like an insect 's , blinked slowly . 
 i saw myself reflected a hundred times in its gaze . 
 its razor slit of a mouth opened , and it breathed : `` i bring a warning , ethan chase . '' 
 i resisted the urge to cringe . 
 there was something very ... wrong ... about this creature . 
 it did n't belong here , in the real world . 
 the faeries i had seen , even the iron fey , were still a part of reality , sliding back and forth between this realm and the nevernever . 
 this thing ... it was as if its body was out of sync with the rest of world , the way it flickered and blurred , as if it was n't quite there . 
 was n't quite solid . 
 the faery raised one long , bony finger and pointed at me . 
 `` do not interfere , '' it whispered . 
 `` do not become involved in what will soon happen around you . 
 this is not your fight . 
 we seek no trouble with the iron court . 
 but if you meddle in our affairs , human , you put those you care about at risk . '' 
 `` your affairs ? 
 what are you ? '' 
 my voice came out raspier than i wanted it to . 
 `` i 'm guessing you 're not from the seelie or unseelie courts . '' 
 the faery 's slitted mouth might 've twitched into a smile . 
 `` we are nothing . 
 we are forgotten . 
 no one remembers our names , that we ever existed . 
 you should do the same , human . '' 
 `` uh-huh . 
 so , you make a point of making certain i know you 're there , of tracking me down and threatening my family , to tell me i should forget about you . '' 
 the faery drew back a step , gliding over the ground . 
 `` a warning , '' it said again and tossed something at my feet , something small and gray . 
 `` this is what will happen to those who interfere , '' it whispered . 
 `` our return has just begun . '' 
 i crouched , still keeping a wary eye on the faery , and spared a glance at what lay on the ground . 
 a piskie . 
 the same one i 'd seen earlier that day with todd , i was sure of it . 
 but its skin was a dull , faded gray , as if all the color had been sucked out of it . 
 gently , i reached down and picked it up , cradling it in my palm . 
 it rolled over and blinked , huge eyes empty and staring . 
 it was still alive , but even as i watched , the faery 's tiny body rippled and then ... blew away . 
 like mist in the breeze . 
 leaving behind nothing at all . 
 my insides felt cold . 
 i 'd seen faeries die-they turned into leaves , branches , flowers , insects , dirt , and sometimes they did just vanish . 
 but never like this . 
 `` what did you do to it ? '' 
 i demanded , surging back to my feet . 
 the thing did n't answer . 
 it shimmered again , going transparent , as if it , too , were in danger of blowing away on the wind . 
 raising its hands , it gazed at its fingers , watching as they flickered like a bad television channel . 
 `` not enough , '' it whispered , shaking its head . 
 `` never enough . 
 still , it is something . 
 that you can see me , talk to me . 
 it is a start . 
 perhaps the half-blood will be stronger . '' 
 it drifted back . 
 `` we will be watching you , ethan chase , '' it warned , and suddenly turned , as if glimpsing something off to the side . 
 `` you do not want even more people hurt because of you . '' 
 more people ? 
 oh , no , i thought , as it dawned on me what the faery was implying . 
 the dead thistle , the `` half-blood '' it mentioned . 
 todd . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 i snapped , striding forward . 
 `` hold it right there . 
 what are you ? '' 
 the faery smiled , rippled in the sunlight and drifted away , over the fence and out of sight . 
 i would 've given chase , but the sound of movement behind the bleachers caught my attention , and i turned . 
 kenzie stood beside the benches , a notepad in one hand , staring at me . 
 from the look on her face , she 'd heard every word . 
 chapter six vanished i ignored kenzie and strode quickly across the football field , not looking back . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 kenzie cried , scrambling after me . 
 my mind was spinning . 
 todd was right , it whispered . 
 something was after him . 
 damn , what was that thing ? 
 i 've never seen anything like it before . 
 my chest felt tight . 
 it was happening again . 
 it did n't matter what that thing was , the damned faeries were out to ruin my life and hurt everyone around me . 
 i had to find todd , warn him . 
 i just hoped that he was okay ; the half-breed might be annoying and ignorant , but he should n't have to suffer because of me . 
 `` ethan ! 
 just a second ! 
 will you please hold up ? '' 
 kenzie put on a burst of speed as we reached the edge of the field , blocking my path . 
 `` will you tell me what 's going on ? 
 i heard voices , but i did n't see anyone else . 
 was someone threatening you ? '' 
 her eyes narrowed . 
 `` you 're not into anything illegal , are you ? '' 
 `` kenzie , get out of here , '' i snapped . 
 the creepy faery could still be watching us . 
 or creeping closer to todd . 
 i had to get away from her , now . 
 `` just leave me alone , okay ? 
 i 'm not doing the damn interview . 
 i do n't give a crap about what you or this school or anyone else thinks of me . 
 put that in your article . '' 
 her eyes flashed . 
 `` the parking lot is the other way , tough guy . 
 where are you going ? '' 
 `` nowhere . '' 
 `` then you wo n't mind if i come along . '' 
 `` you 're not coming . '' 
 `` why not ? '' 
 i swore . 
 she did n't move , and my sense of urgency flared . 
 `` i do n't have time for this , '' i growled , and brushed past her , sprinting down the hall toward the library . 
 the girl followed , of course , but i was n't thinking about her anymore . 
 if that faery freak got close to todd , if it did something to him like it had the piskie , it would be my fault . 
 again . 
 the librarian gave me the evil eye as i burst through the library doors , followed closely by the girl . 
 `` slow down , you two , '' she barked as we passed the desk . 
 kenzie murmured an apology , but i ignored her , striding toward the back , searching for the half-breed in the aisles . 
 empty , empty , a couple making out in the history section , empty . 
 my unease grew . 
 where was he ? 
 `` what are we looking for ? '' 
 kenzie whispered at my back . 
 i turned , ready to tell her to get lost , futile as it might be , when something under the window caught my eye . 
 todd 's jacket . 
 lying in a crumpled heap beneath the sill . 
 i stared at it , trying to find an explanation as to why he would leave it behind . 
 maybe he just forgot it . 
 maybe someone stole it as a prank and ditched it here . 
 a cold breeze whispered through the window , ruffling my clothes and hair . 
 it was the only open window in the room . 
 kenzie followed my gaze , frowned , then walked forward and picked up the jacket . 
 as she did , something white fell out of the pocket and fluttered to the floor . 
 a note , written on a torn half sheet of paper . 
 i lunged forward to grab it , but kenzie had already snatched it up . 
 `` hey , '' i said sharply , holding out a hand . 
 `` give me that . '' 
 she dodged , holding the paper out of reach . 
 defiance danced in her eyes . 
 `` i do n't see your name on it . '' 
 `` it was for me , '' i insisted , stalking forward . 
 she leaped away , putting a long table between us , and my temper flared . 
 `` dammit , i 'm not playing this game , '' i growled , keeping my voice down so the librarian would n't come stalking toward us . 
 `` hand it over , now . '' 
 kenzie narrowed her eyes . 
 `` why so secretive , tough guy ? '' 
 she asked , deftly maneuvering around the table , keeping the same distance between us . 
 `` are these the coordinates for a drug deal or something ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 i grabbed for her , but she slid out of reach . 
 `` of course not . 
 i 'm not into that crap . '' 
 `` a letter from a secret admirer , then ? '' 
 `` no , '' i snapped , and stopped edging around the table . 
 this was ridiculous . 
 were we back in the third grade ? 
 i eyed her across the table , judging the distance between us . 
 `` it 's not a love letter , '' i said , silently fuming . 
 `` it 's not even from a girl . '' 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` then you wo n't mind if i read it , '' she said and flipped open the note . 
 as soon as her attention left me , i leaped over the table and slid across the surface , grabbing her arm as i landed on the other side . 
 she yelped in surprise and tried to jerk back , unsuccessfully . 
 her wrist was slender and delicate , and fit easily into my grasp . 
 for a second , we glared at each other . 
 i could see my scowling , angry reflection in her eyes . 
 kenzie stared back , a slight smirk on her lips , as if this newest predicament amused her . 
 `` what now , tough guy ? '' 
 she raised a slender eyebrow . 
 and , for some reason , my heart beat faster under that look . 
 deliberately , i reached up and snatched the paper from her fingers . 
 releasing her , i turned my back on the girl , scanning the note . 
 it was short , messy and confirmed my worst suspicions . 
 they 're here ! 
 got ta run . 
 if you find this , tell my folks not to worry . 
 sorry , man . 
 did n't mean to drag you into this . 
 - todd . 
 i crumpled the note and shoved it into my jeans pocket . 
 what did he expect me to do now ? 
 go to his parents , tell them a bunch of creepy invisible faeries were out to get their son ? 
 i 'd get thrown into the loony bin for sure . 
 i felt kenzie 's eyes on my back and wondered how much of the note she 'd seen . 
 had she read anything in that split second it had taken me to get across the table ? 
 `` it sounds like your friend is in trouble , '' kenzie murmured . 
 well , that answered that question . 
 all of it , apparently . 
 `` he 's not my friend , '' i replied , not turning around . 
 `` and you should n't get involved . 
 this is none of your business . '' 
 `` the hell it 's not , '' she shot back . 
 `` if someone is in trouble , we have to do something . 
 who 's after him ? 
 why does n't he just go to the police ? '' 
 `` the police ca n't help . '' 
 i finally turned to face her . 
 `` not with this . 
 besides , what would you tell them ? 
 we do n't even know what 's going on . 
 all we have is a note . '' 
 `` well , should n't we at least see if he made it home okay ? '' 
 i sighed , rubbing my scalp . 
 `` i do n't know where he lives , '' i said , feeling slightly guilty that i knew so little . 
 `` i do n't have his phone number . 
 i do n't even know his last name . '' 
 but kenzie sighed . 
 `` boys , '' she muttered , and pulled out her phone . 
 `` his last name is wyndham , i think . 
 todd wyndham . 
 he has a couple of classes with me . '' 
 she fiddled with her phone without looking up . 
 `` just a second . 
 i 'll google it . '' 
 i tried to stay calm while she looked it up , though i could n't stop scanning the room for hidden enemies . 
 what were these transparent , ghostlike fey , and why had i not seen them before ? 
 what did they want with todd ? 
 i remembered the piskie 's limp body , an empty , lifeless husk before it disappeared , and shivered . 
 whatever they were , they were dangerous , and i needed to find the half-breed before they did the same to him . 
 i owed him that , for not being there like i promised . 
 `` got it , '' kenzie announced . 
 `` or , at least , i have his house number . '' 
 glancing up from her phone , she looked at me and raised an eyebrow . 
 `` so , do you want to call them or should i ? '' 
 i dug out my phone . 
 `` i 'll do it , '' i said , dreading the task but knowing i had to finish what i started . 
 she recited a string of numbers , and i punched them into my phone . 
 putting it to my ear , i listened to it ring once , twice , and on the third , someone picked up . 
 `` wyndham residence , '' said a woman 's voice . 
 i swallowed . 
 `` um , yeah . 
 i 'm a. . . 
 friend of todd 's , '' i said haltingly . 
 `` is he home ? '' 
 `` no , he is n't back from school yet , '' continued the voice on the other end . 
 `` do you want me to give him a message ? '' 
 `` uh , no . 
 i was ... um ... hoping to catch him later today so we could ... hang . '' 
 i winced at how lame i sounded , and kenzie giggled . 
 i frowned at her . 
 `` do you know his cell phone number ? '' 
 i added as an afterthought . 
 `` yes , i have his number . '' 
 now the woman sounded suspicious . 
 `` why do you want to know ? 
 who is this ? '' 
 she continued sharply , and i winced . 
 `` are you one of those boys he keeps talking about ? 
 you think i do n't notice when he comes home with bruises and black eyes ? 
 do you think it 's funny , picking on someone smaller then you ? 
 what 's your name ? '' 
 i was tempted to hang up , but that would make me look even more suspicious , and it would get me no closer to todd . 
 i wondered if he 'd even told her that he spent the night at my house . 
 `` my name is ethan chase , '' i said in what i hoped was a calm , reasonable voice . 
 `` i 'm just ... a friend . 
 todd stayed at my place last night , during the storm . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 i could n't tell if todd 's mother was appeased or not , but after a moment , she sighed . 
 `` then , i 'm sorry . 
 todd does n't have many friends , none that have called the house , anyway . 
 i did n't mean to snap at you , ethan . '' 
 `` it 's fine , '' i mumbled , embarrassed . 
 i 'm used to it . 
 `` one moment , '' she continued , and her voice grew fainter as she put the phone down . 
 `` i have his number on the fridge . 
 just a second . '' 
 a minute later , i thanked todd 's mom and hung up , relieved to have that over with . 
 `` well ? '' 
 asked kenzie , watching expectantly . 
 `` did you get it ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 she waited a moment longer , then bounced impatiently . 
 `` are you going to call him , then ? '' 
 `` i 'm getting to it . '' 
 truthfully , i did n't want to . 
 what if he was perfectly fine , and that note was just a prank , revenge for some imagined slight ? 
 what if he was halfway home , laughing at how he pulled a fast one on the stupid human ? 
 todd was half-phouka , a faery notorious for their mischievous nature and love of chaos . 
 this could be a great , elaborate joke , and if i called him , he would have the last laugh . 
 deep down , though , i knew those were just excuses . 
 i had n't imagined that creepy faery , or the dead piskie . 
 todd was n't pretending to be terrified . 
 something was happening , something bad , and he was right in the middle of it . 
 and i did n't want to be drawn in . 
 too late now , i suppose . 
 pressing in todd 's number , i put the phone to my ear and held my breath . 
 one ring . 
 two rings . 
 thr - the phone abruptly cut off , going dead without sending me to voice mail . 
 a second later , the dial tone droned in my ear . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 kenzie asked as i lowered my hand . 
 `` is todd all right ? '' 
 `` no , '' i muttered , looking down at the phone , and the end call button at the bottom of the screen . 
 `` he 's not . '' 
 * * * i went home after that , having convinced kenzie that there was nothing we could do for todd right then . 
 she was stubborn , refusing to believe me , wanting to call the police . 
 i told her not to jump to conclusions as we did n't exactly know what was going on . 
 todd could 've turned off his phone . 
 he could be on his way home and was just running late . 
 we did n't have enough evidence to start calling the authorities . 
 eventually , she caved , but i had the feeling she would n't let it go for long . 
 i just hoped she would n't do anything that would attract their attention . 
 hanging around me was bad enough . 
 back home , i went straight to my room , locking the door behind me . 
 sitting at my desk , i opened the first drawer , reached all the way to the back , and pulled out the long , thin envelope inside . 
 leaning back in the chair , i stared at it for a long while . 
 the paper was wrinkled and brittle now , yellow with age , and smelled of old newspapers . 
 it had one word written across the front : ethan . 
 my name , in my sister 's handwriting . 
 flipping it over , i opened the top and pulled out the letter within . 
 i 'd read it a dozen times before and knew it word for word , but i scanned the note one more time , a bitter lump settling in my throat . 
 ethan , i 've started this letter a hundred times , wishing i knew the right words to say , but i guess i 'll just come out and say it . 
 you probably wo n't see me again . 
 i wish i could be there for you and mom , even luke , but i have other responsibilities now , a whole kingdom that needs me . 
 you 're growing up so fast-each time i see you , you 're taller , stronger . 
 i forget , sometimes , that time moves differently in faery . 
 and it breaks my heart every time i come home and see that i 've missed so much of your life . 
 please know that you 're always in my thoughts , but it 's best that we live our own lives now . 
 i have enemies here , and the last thing i want is for you and mom to get hurt because of me . 
 so , this is goodbye . 
 i 'll be watching you from time to time , and i 'll do everything in my power to make sure you and mom and luke can live comfortably . 
 but please , ethan , for the love of all that 's holy , do not try to find me . 
 my world is far too dangerous ; you of all people should know that . 
 stay away from them , and try to have a normal life . 
 if there is an emergency , and you absolutely must see me , i 've included a token that will take you into the nevernever , to someone who can help . 
 to use it , squeeze one drop of your blood onto the surface and toss it into a pool of still water . 
 but it can only be used once , and after that , the favor is done . 
 so use it wisely . 
 i love you , little brother . 
 take care of mom for me . 
 - meghan i closed the letter , put it on the desk , and turned the envelope upside down . 
 a small silver coin rolled into my open palm , and i closed my fingers around it , thinking . 
 did i want to bring my sister into this ? 
 meghan chase , the freaking queen of the iron fey ? 
 how many years had it been since i 'd seen her last ? 
 did she even remember us anymore ? 
 did she care ? 
 my throat felt tight . 
 pushing myself up , i tossed the coin on the desk and swept the letter back in the drawer , slamming it shut . 
 no , i was n't going to go crying to meghan , not for this or anything . 
 meghan had left us ; she was no longer part of this family . 
 as far as i was concerned , she was faery through and through . 
 and i 'd been through enough faery torment to last several lifetimes . 
 i could handle this myself . 
 even if it meant i had to do something stupid , something i 'd sworn i would never do . 
 i was going to have to contact the fey . 
 chapter seven the empty park at 11:35 p.m. , my alarm went off . 
 i slapped it silent and rolled out of bed , already dressed , snatching my backpack from the floor . 
 creeping silently down the hall , i checked to see if mom 's light was off ; sometimes she stayed up late , waiting for dad to get home . 
 but tonight , the crack under her door was dark , and i continued my quiet trek out the front door to the driveway . 
 i could n't take my truck . 
 dad would be home later , and he 'd know i was gone if he saw my truck was missing . 
 sneaking out in the middle of the night was highly frowned upon and tended to result in groundings , lectures and technology banishment . 
 so i dug my old bike out of the garage , checked to see that the tires were still inflated and walked it down to the sidewalk . 
 overhead , a thin crescent moon grinned down at me behind ragged wisps of cloud , and a cold autumn breeze sliced right through my jacket , making me shiver . 
 that nagging , cynical part of me hesitated , reluctant to take part in this insanity . 
 why are you getting involved ? 
 it whispered . 
 what 's the half-breed to you , anyway ? 
 are you willing to deal directly with the fey because of him ? 
 but it was n't just todd now . 
 something strange was happening in faery , and i had a feeling it was going to get worse . 
 i needed to know what was going on and how i could defend myself from transparent ghost-fey that sucked the life right out of their victims . 
 i did n't want to be left in the dark , not with those things out there . 
 besides , mr. creepy faery had threatened not only me but my family . 
 and that pissed me off . 
 i was sick of running and hiding . 
 closing my eyes , hoping they would leave me alone was n't working . 
 i doubted it ever had . 
 hopping on my bike , i started pedaling toward the one place i 'd always avoided until now . 
 a place where , i hoped , i would get some answers . 
 if the damn fey wanted me as an enemy , bring it on . 
 i 'd be their worst nightmare . 
 * * * even in gigantic , crowded cities , where steel buildings , cars and concrete dominate everything , you can always find the fey in a park . 
 it does n't have to be a big park . 
 just a patch of natural earth , with a few trees and bushes scattered about , maybe a little pond , and that 's all they need . 
 i 'm told central park in new york city has hundreds , maybe thousands of faeries living there , and several trods to the nevernever , all within its well-groomed perimeter . 
 the tiny park three and a half miles from my house had about a dozen fey of the common variety-piskies , goblins , tree sprites-and no trods that i knew of . 
 i parked my bike against an old tree near the entrance and gazed around . 
 it was n't much of a park , really . 
 there was a picnic bench with a set of peeling monkey bars and an old slide , and a dusty fire pit that had n't been used in years . 
 at least , not by humans . 
 but the trees here were old , ancient things-huge oaks and weeping willows-and if you stared very hard between the branches , you sometimes caught flickers of movement not belonging to birds or squirrels . 
 leaving the bike , i walked to the edge of the fire pit and looked down . 
 the ashes were cold and gray , days or weeks old , but i had seen two goblins at this pit several weeks ago , roasting some sort of meat over the fire . 
 and there were several piskies and wood sprites living in the oaks , as well . 
 the local fey might not know anything about their creepy , transparent cousins , but it could n't hurt to ask . 
 crouching , i picked up a flat rock , dusted it off , and set it in the center of the fire pit . 
 digging through my pack , i pulled out a bottle of honey , stood and drizzled the golden syrup onto the stones . 
 honey was like ambrosia to the fey ; they could n't resist the stuff . 
 capping the bottle , i tossed it into my pack and waited . 
 several minutes passed , which was a surprise to me . 
 i knew the fey frequented this area . 
 i was expecting at least a couple of goblins or piskies to appear . 
 but the night was still , the shadows empty-until there was a soft rustle behind me , the hiss of something moving over the grass . 
 `` you will not find them that way , ethan chase . '' 
 i turned , calmly . 
 rule number two : show no fear when dealing with the fair folk . 
 i could have drawn my rattan sticks , and in all honesty i really wanted to , but that might have been taken as a sign of nervousness or unease . 
 a tall , slight figure stood beneath the weeping willow , watching me through the lacy curtain . 
 as i waited , a slender hand parted the drooping branches and the faery stepped into the open . 
 it was a dryad , and the weeping willow was probably her tree , for she had the same long green hair and rough , bark-like skin . 
 she was impossibly tall and slender , and swayed slightly on her feet , like a branch in the wind . 
 she observed me with large black eyes , her long hair draped over her body , and slowly shook her head . 
 `` they will not come , '' she whispered sadly , glancing at the swirl of honey at my feet . 
 `` they have not been here for many nights . 
 at first , it was only one or two that went missing . 
 but now - '' she gestured to the empty park '' - now there is no one left . 
 everyone is gone . 
 i am the last . '' 
 i frowned . 
 `` what do you mean , you 're the last ? 
 where are all the others ? '' 
 i gazed around the park , scanning the darkness and shadows , seeing nothing . 
 `` what the hell is going on ? '' 
 she drifted closer , swaying gently . 
 i was tempted to step back but held my ground . 
 the dryad tilted her head to one side , lacy hair catching the moonlight as it fell . 
 a large white moth flew out of the curtain and fluttered away into the shadows . 
 `` you have questions , '' the dryad said , blinking slowly . 
 `` i can tell you what you wish to know , but you must do something for me in return . '' 
 `` oh , no . '' 
 i did step away then , crossing my arms and glaring at her . 
 `` no way . 
 no bargains , no contracts . 
 find someone else to do your dirty work . '' 
 `` please , ethan chase . '' 
 the dryad held out an impossibly slender hand , mottled and rough like the trunk of the tree . 
 `` as a favor , then . 
 you must go to the iron queen for us . 
 inform her of our fate . 
 be our voice . 
 she will listen to you . '' 
 `` go find meghan ? '' 
 i thought of the coin lying abandoned on my desk and shook my head . 
 `` you expect me to go into the nevernever , '' i said , and my stomach turned just thinking about it . 
 memories crowded forward , dark and terrifying , and i shoved them back . 
 `` go into faery . 
 with mab and titania and the rest of the crazies . '' 
 i curled my mouth into a sneer . 
 `` forget it . 
 that 's the last place i 'll ever set foot in . '' 
 `` you must . '' 
 the dryad wrung her hands , pleading . 
 `` the courts do not know what is happening , nor would they care . 
 the welfare of a few half-breeds and exiles does not concern them . 
 but you ... you are the half brother of the iron queen-she will listen to you . 
 if you do not ... '' the dryad trembled , like a leaf in a storm . 
 `` then i 'm afraid we will all be lost . '' 
 `` look . '' 
 i stabbed a hand through my hair . 
 `` i 'm just trying to find out what happened to a friend . 
 todd wyndham . 
 he 's a half-breed , and i think he 's in trouble . '' 
 the dryad 's pleading expression did n't change , and i sighed . 
 `` i ca n't promise to help you , '' i muttered . 
 `` i have problems of my own to worry about . 
 but ... '' i hesitated , hardly believing i was saying this . 
 `` but if you can give me any information about my friend , then i 'll ... try to get a message to my sister . 
 i 'm still not promising anything ! '' 
 i added quickly as the dryad jerked up . 
 `` but if i see the iron queen anytime in the near future , i 'll tell her . 
 that 's the best i can offer . '' 
 the dryad nodded . 
 `` it will have to do , '' she whispered , shrinking in on herself . 
 she closed her eyes as a breeze hissed through the park , rippling her hair and making the leaves around us sigh . 
 `` more of us have disappeared , '' she sighed . 
 `` more vanish with every breath . 
 and they are coming closer . '' 
 `` who are they ? '' 
 `` i do not know . '' 
 the faery opened her eyes , looking terrified . 
 `` i do not know , nor do any of my fellows . 
 not even the wind knows their names . 
 or if it does , it refuses to tell me . '' 
 `` where can i find todd ? '' 
 `` your friend ? 
 the half-breed ? '' 
 the dryad took a step away , looking distracted . 
 `` i do not know , '' she admitted , and i narrowed my gaze . 
 `` i can not tell you now , but i will put his name into the wind and see what it can turn up . '' 
 she looked at me , her hair falling into her eyes , hiding half her face . 
 `` return tomorrow night , ethan chase . 
 i will have answers for you , then . '' 
 tomorrow night . 
 tomorrow was the demonstration , the event i 'd been training for all month . 
 i could n't miss that , even for todd . 
 guro would kill me . 
 i sighed . 
 tomorrow was going to be a long day . 
 `` all right , '' i said , stepping toward my bike . 
 `` i 'll be here , probably some time after midnight . 
 and then you can tell me what the hell is going on . '' 
 the dryad did n't say anything , watching me leave with unblinking black eyes . 
 as i yanked my bike off the ground and started down the road , hoping i would beat dad home , i could n't shake the creeping suspicion that i would n't see her again . 
 chapter eight the demonstration the next day was saturday , but instead of sleeping in like a normal person , i was up early and in the backyard , swinging my rattan through the air , smacking them against the tire dummy i 'd set up in the corner . 
 i did n't need the practice , but beating on something was a good way to focus , to forget the strangeness of the night before , though i still could n't shake the eerie feeling whenever i remembered the dryad 's last warning . 
 more of us have disappeared . 
 more vanish with every breath . 
 and they are coming closer . 
 `` ethan ! '' 
 dad 's voice cut through the rhythmic smacking of wood against rubber , and i turned to find him staring blearily at me from the patio . 
 he wore a rumpled gray bathrobe , his face was grizzled and unshaven , and he did not look pleased . 
 `` sorry , dad . '' 
 i lowered the sticks , panting . 
 `` did i wake you up ? '' 
 he shook his head , then stepped aside as two police officers came into the yard . 
 my heart and stomach gave a violent lurch , and i tried to think of any crimes i might 've committed without realizing it , or anything the fey might 've pinned on me . 
 `` ethan ? '' 
 one of them asked , as dad watched grimly and mom appeared in the door frame , her hands over her mouth . 
 `` are you ethan chase ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 i kept my arms at my sides , my sticks perfectly still , though my heart was going a mile a minute . 
 the sudden thought of being arrested , being handcuffed in my own backyard in front of my horrified parents , nearly made me sick . 
 i swallowed hard to keep my voice steady . 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 `` do you know a boy named todd wyndham ? '' 
 i relaxed , suddenly aware of where this was going . 
 my heart still pounded , but i kept my tone light , flippant , and i shrugged . 
 `` yeah , he 's in a few of my classes at school . '' 
 `` you called his home yesterday afternoon , correct ? '' 
 the policeman continued , and when i nodded , he added , `` and he spent the night at your house the day before ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 i feigned confusion , looking back and forth between them . 
 `` why ? 
 what 's going on ? '' 
 the policemen exchanged a glance . 
 `` he 's missing , '' one of them said , and i raised my eyebrows in fake surprise . 
 `` his mother reported that he did n't come home last night , and that she had received a call from ethan chase , a boy from his school , on the afternoon before his disappearance . '' 
 his gaze flickered to the sticks in my hand , then back up to me , eyes narrowing slightly . 
 `` you would n't know anything about his whereabouts , would you , ethan ? '' 
 i forced myself to be calm , shaking my head . 
 `` no , i have n't seen him since yesterday . 
 sorry . '' 
 it was pretty clear he did n't believe me , for his mouth thinned , and he spoke slowly , deliberately . 
 `` you have no clue as to what he was doing yesterday , no idea of where he could have gone ? '' 
 when i hesitated , his voice became friendlier , encouraging . 
 `` any information would be useful to us , ethan . '' 
 `` i told you , '' i said , firmer this time . 
 `` i do n't know anything . '' 
 he gave an annoyed little huff , as if i was being deliberately evasive-which i was , but not for the reasons he thought . 
 `` ethan , you realize we 're only trying to help , do n't you ? 
 you are n't protecting anyone if you hide information from us . '' 
 `` i think that 's enough . '' 
 dad suddenly came into the yard , bathrobe and all , glaring at the policemen . 
 `` officers , your concern is appreciated , but i believe my son has told you all he knows . '' 
 i blinked at dad in shock as he came to stand beside me , smiling but firm . 
 `` if we find anything out , we 'll be sure to call you . '' 
 `` sir , you do n't seem to realize - '' `` i realize just fine , officers , '' dad said , his polite smile never wavering . 
 `` but ethan has already given you his answer . 
 thank you for stopping by . '' 
 they looked irritated , but dad was n't a small man and had this stance that could be compared to a friendly but stubborn bull ; you were n't going to get him to move once he 'd made up his mind . 
 after a lengthy pause-as if hoping i would fess up at the last second , perhaps-the officers gave curt nods and turned away . 
 muttering polite `` ma'ams '' to mom , they swept by her , and she followed them , i assumed to the front door . 
 dad waited a few seconds after the back door clicked shut before turning to me . 
 `` todd wyndham is the boy who came over the other night . 
 anything you 'd like to tell me , son ? '' 
 i shook my head , not looking at him . 
 `` no , '' i muttered , feeling bad for lying , especially after he 'd just gotten rid of the policemen for me . 
 `` i swear i do n't know anything . '' 
 `` hmm . '' 
 dad gave me an unreadable look , then shuffled back into the house . 
 but mom appeared in the doorway again , watching me . 
 i saw the fear on her face , the disappointment . 
 she knew i was lying . 
 she hesitated a moment longer , as if waiting for me to confess , to tell her something different . 
 but what could i say ? 
 that the kid who 'd spent the night with us was part faery , and this creepy new breed of fey were after him for some reason ? 
 i could n't drag her into this ; she would flip out for sure , thinking i was next . 
 there was nothing either of them could do to help . 
 so , i averted my gaze , and after a long , achingly uncomfortable pause , she slipped inside , slamming the door behind her . 
 i winced . 
 great , now they were both pissed at me . 
 sighing , i switched my rattan sticks to one hand and went in myself . 
 i wished i could smack the tire dummy a while longer , but keeping a low profile seemed like a good idea now . 
 the last thing i wanted was a grilling session where they would both ask questions i could n't answer . 
 mom and dad were talking in the kitchen-probably about me-so i slipped into my room and gently closed the door . 
 my phone sat on the corner of my desk . 
 for a second , i thought about calling kenzie . 
 i wondered what she was doing now , if the police had shown up on her doorstep , asking about a missing classmate . 
 i wondered if she was worried about him ... or me . 
 what ? 
 why would she worry about you , you psychopath ? 
 you 've been nothing but a jackass to her , and besides , you do n't care , remember ? 
 angry now , i stalked to my bed and flopped down on it , flinging an arm over my face . 
 i had to stop thinking of her , but my brain was n't being cooperative this morning . 
 instead of focusing on the demonstration and the missing half-breed and the creepy fey out to get us both , my thoughts kept going back to kenzie st. james . 
 the idea of calling her , just to see if she was all right , grew more and more tempting , until i jumped up and stalked to the living room , flipping on the television to drown out my traitorous thoughts . 
 * * * the day passed in a blur of old action movies and commercials . 
 i did n't move from the couch , afraid that if i went into my room , i 'd see my unblinking phone and know kenzie had n't called me . 
 or worse , that she had , and i 'd be tempted to call her back . 
 i lounged on the sofa , the remains of empty chip bags , dirty plates and empty soda cans surrounding me , until late afternoon when mom made an exasperated comment about rotting brains and bumps on logs or something , and ordered me to do something else . 
 flipping off the television , i sat up , thinking . 
 i still had a couple of hours till the demonstration . 
 wandering back to my room , i again noticed the phone on the corner of the desk . 
 nothing . 
 no missed calls , texts , anything . 
 i did n't know whether to be relieved or disappointed . 
 as i reached for it , though , it rang . 
 without checking the number , i snatched it up and put it to my ear . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 `` ethan ? '' 
 the voice on the other end was n't kenzie , as i 'd hoped , though it was vaguely familiar . 
 `` is this ethan chase ? '' 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 `` this ... this is mrs. wyndham , todd 's mother . '' 
 my heart skipped a beat . 
 i swallowed hard and gripped the phone tightly , as the voice on the other end continued . 
 `` i know the police have already spoken to you , '' she said in a halting , broken voice , `` but i. . . 
 i wanted to ask you myself . 
 you say you 're todd 's friend ... do you know what could have happened to him ? 
 please , i 'm desperate . 
 i just want my son home . '' 
 her voice broke at the end , and i closed my eyes . 
 `` mrs. wyndham , i 'm sorry about todd , '' i said , feeling like an ass . 
 worse than an ass , like a complete and utter failure , because i 'd let another person down , because i could n't protect them from the fey . 
 `` but i really do n't know where he is . 
 the last time we spoke was yesterday at school , before i talked to you , i swear . '' 
 she gave a little sob , making my gut clench . 
 `` i 'm really sorry , '' i said again , knowing how useless that sounded . 
 `` i wish i could give you better news . '' 
 she took a shaky breath . 
 `` all right , thank you , ethan . 
 i 'm sorry to have bothered you . '' 
 she sniffed and seemed about to say goodbye , but hesitated . 
 `` if ... if you see him , '' she went on , `` or if you find any information at all ... will you let me know ? 
 please ? '' 
 `` yeah , '' i whispered . 
 `` if i see him , i 'll make sure he gets home , i promise . '' 
 after she hung up , i paced my room , not knowing what to do . 
 i tried surfing online , watching youtube , checking out various weapon stores , just to keep myself distracted , but it did n't help . 
 i could n't stop thinking of todd , and kenzie , caught in the twisted games of the fey . 
 and it was partly my fault . 
 todd had been playing a dangerous game , and kenzie was too stubborn to know when to back off , but the common denominator was me . 
 now , one of them was gone and another family was torn apart . 
 just like last time . 
 picking up my phone , i stuck it in my jeans pocket and snatched my keys from the desk . 
 grabbing my gym bag from the floor , i started to leave . 
 might as well head to the demonstration now ; it was better than standing around here , driving myself crazy . 
 the silver coin on the desk glinted , and i paused . 
 sliding it into my palm , i stared at it , wondering where meghan was , what she was doing . 
 did she ever think of me ? 
 would she be disgusted , if she knew how i 'd turned out ? 
 `` ethan ! '' 
 mom 's voice echoed from the kitchen . 
 `` your karate thing is tonight , is n't it ? 
 do you want anything to eat before you go ? '' 
 i stuffed the coin in my pocket with the keys and left the room . 
 `` kali , mom , not karate , '' i told her , walking into the kitchen . 
 `` and no , i 'll grab something on the way . 
 do n't wait up for me . '' 
 `` curfew is still at eleven , ethan . '' 
 irritation flared . 
 `` yeah , i know , '' i muttered . 
 `` it 's been that way for five years . 
 why would it change now ? 
 it 's not like i 'm old enough to make my own decisions . '' 
 before she could say anything , i stalked past her and headed outside . 
 `` and , yes , i 'll call if i 'm going to be late , '' i threw back over my shoulder . 
 i could feel mom 's half angry , half worried gaze on my back as i slammed out the front door , making sure to bang it as i left . 
 stupid of me . 
 if i had known what was going to happen at the demonstration that night , i would 've said something much different . 
 * * * the building was already full of people when i arrived . 
 tournaments had been going on for most of the afternoon , and shouts , ki-yas , and the shuffle of bare feet on mats echoed through the room as i ducked inside . 
 kids in their white gis tied with different colored belts threw punches and kicks within taped-off arenas ; from the looks of it , it was the kempo students ' turn on the mats . 
 i spotted guro javier and made my way over , weaving through students and onlookers , gritting my teeth as someone-a large kid with a purple belt-elbowed me in the ribs . 
 i glared at him , and he smirked , as if daring me to try something . 
 as if i 'd start a fight with the brat in front of two hundred parents and about a dozen masters of various arts . 
 ignoring the kid 's self-satisfied grin , i continued along the wall and stood next to my guro in the corner . 
 he was watching the tournament with detached interest and gave a faint smile as i came up . 
 `` you 're very early , ethan . '' 
 i shrugged helplessly . 
 `` could n't stay away . '' 
 `` are you ready ? '' 
 guro turned to me . 
 `` our demonstration is after the kempo students are finished . 
 oh , and sean sprained his ankle last night , so you 're going to be doing the live weapon demo . '' 
 i felt a small , nervous thrill . 
 `` really ? '' 
 `` do you need to practice ? '' 
 `` no , i 'll be fine . '' 
 i thought back to the few times i 'd handled guro 's real swords , which were short , single-edged blades similar to a machete . 
 they were a little shorter then my rattan , razor sharp and about as deadly as they looked . 
 they 'd been in guro 's family for generations , and i was a bit in awe that i 'd be wielding them tonight . 
 guro nodded . 
 `` go , get ready , '' he said , eyeing my holey jeans and t-shirt . 
 `` warm up a bit if you want . 
 we should start in about an hour . '' 
 i retreated to the locker room , changed into loose black pants and a white shirt , and carefully removed my wallet , keys and phone , ditching them in the side pocket of my gym bag . 
 as i pulled my phone out , something bright tumbled to the floor , striking the ground with a ping . 
 the silver token . 
 i 'd forgotten about it . 
 i stared at the thing , wondering if i should stuff it in my bag or just leave it on the floor . 
 still , it was my last connection to my sister , and even though meghan did n't care about me , i did n't want to lose it just yet . 
 i picked it up and slipped it into my pocket . 
 i stretched a bit , practiced several patterns empty-handed , making sure i knew what i was doing , then headed out to watch the tournament . 
 the other kali students were starting to arrive , walking by me with brief nods and waves before flocking around guro , but i did n't feel like socializing . 
 instead , i found an isolated corner behind the rows of chairs and leaned against it with my arms crossed , studying the matches . 
 `` ethan ? '' 
 the familiar voice caught me off guard . 
 i jerked my head up as kenzie slipped through the crowd and walked my way , a notebook in one hand and a camera around her neck . 
 a tiny thrill shot through me , but i quickly squashed it . 
 `` hey , '' she greeted , giving me a friendly but puzzled smile . 
 `` i did n't expect to see you around . 
 what are you doing here ? '' 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 i countered , as though it was n't obvious . 
 `` oh , you know . '' 
 she held up her camera . 
 `` school paper stuff . 
 a couple of the boys in our class take lessons here , and i 'm covering the tournament . 
 what about you ? '' 
 her eyes lit up . 
 `` are you in the tournament ? 
 will i actually get to see you fight ? '' 
 `` i 'm not fighting . '' 
 `` but you do take something here , right ? 
 kempo ? 
 jujitsu ? '' 
 `` kali . '' 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 i sighed . 
 `` a filipino fighting style using sticks and knives . 
 you 'll see in a few minutes . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 kenzie pondered this , then took a step forward , gazing up at me with thoughtful brown eyes . 
 i swallowed the sudden dryness in my throat and leaned away , feeling the wall press against my back , preventing escape . 
 `` well , you 're just full of surprises , are n't you , ethan chase ? '' 
 she mused with a small grin , cocking her head at me . 
 `` i wonder what other secrets are hiding in that broody head of yours . '' 
 i forced myself not to move , to keep my voice light and uncaring . 
 `` is that why you keep hanging around me ? 
 you 're curious ? '' 
 i smirked and shook my head . 
 `` you 're going to be disappointed . 
 my life is n't that exciting . '' 
 i received a dubious look , and she took another step forward , peering into my eyes as if she could see the truth in them . 
 my stomach squirmed as she leaned in . 
 `` uh-huh . 
 so , you keep your distance from everyone , take secret martial arts classes , and were expelled from your last school because the library mysteriously caught fire with you in it , and you 're telling me your life is n't that exciting ? '' 
 i shifted uneasily . 
 the girl was perceptive , i 'd give her that . 
 unfortunately , she was now treading a little too close to the `` exciting '' part of my life , which meant i was either going to have to lie , pretend ignorance or pull the a ** hole card to drive her off . 
 and right now , i did n't have it in me to be a jerk . 
 meeting her gaze , i shrugged and offered a faint smile . 
 `` well , i ca n't tell you all my secrets , can i ? 
 that would ruin my image . '' 
 she huffed , tossing her bangs . 
 `` oh , fine . 
 be mysterious and broody . 
 you still owe me an interview , you know . '' 
 a wicked look crossed her face then , and she held up her notebook . 
 `` in fact , since you 're not doing anything right now , care to answer a few questions ? '' 
 `` ethan ! '' 
 strangely relieved and disappointed at the same time , i glanced up to see guro waving me over . 
 the rest of my classmates had gathered and were milling around nervously . 
 it seemed the kempo matches were wrapping up . 
 nice timing , guro , i thought , and i did n't know if i was being serious or sarcastic . 
 pushing away from the wall , i turned to kenzie with a helpless shrug . 
 `` i got ta go , '' i told her . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 `` fine , '' she called after me . 
 `` but i 'm going to get that interview , tough guy ! 
 i 'll see you after your thing . '' 
 guro raised an eyebrow as i came up but did n't ask who the girl was or what i 'd been doing . 
 he never poked into our personal lives , for which i was thankful . 
 `` we 're almost up , '' he said , and handed me a pair of short blades , their metal edges gleaming under the fluorescent lights . 
 they were n't guro 's swords ; these were different-a little longer , perhaps , the blades not quite as curved . 
 i held them lightly , checking their weight and balance , and gave them a practice spin . 
 strangely enough , i felt they had been made especially for me . 
 i looked questioningly at guro , and he nodded approvingly . 
 `` i sharpened them this morning , so be careful , '' was all he said , and i backed away , taking my place along the wall . 
 the mats finally cleared , and a voice crackled over the intercom , introducing guro javier and his class of kali students . 
 there was a smattering of applause , and we all went onto the mats to bow while guro spoke about the origin of kali , what it meant , and how it was used . 
 i could sense the bored impatience of the other students along the wall ; they did n't want to see a demonstration , they wanted to get on with the tournament . 
 i held my head high and kept my gaze straight ahead . 
 i was n't doing this for them . 
 there was a brief gleam of light along one side of the room : a camera flash . 
 i suppressed a groan , knowing exactly who was taking pictures of me . 
 wonderful . 
 if my photo ended up in the school paper , if people suddenly knew i studied a martial art , i could see myself being hounded relentlessly ; people lining up to take a shot at the `` karate kid . '' 
 i cursed the nosy reporter under my breath , wondering if i could separate her from the camera long enough to delete the images . 
 the demonstration started with a couple of the beginner students doing a pattern known as heaven six , and the clacks of their rattan sticks echoed noisily throughout the room . 
 i saw kenzie take a few pictures as they circled the mats . 
 then the more advanced students demonstrated a few disarms , take-downs , and free-style sparring . 
 guro circled with them , explaining what they were doing , how we practiced , and how it could be applied to real life . 
 then it was my turn . 
 `` of course , '' guro said as i stepped onto the mats , holding the swords at my sides , `` the rattan-the kali sticks-are proxies for real blades . 
 we practice with sticks , but everything we do can be transferred to blades , knives or empty hands . 
 as ethan will demonstrate . 
 this is an advanced technique , '' he cautioned , as i stepped across him , standing a few yards away . 
 `` do not try this at home . '' 
 i bowed to him and the audience . 
 he raised a rattan stick , twirled it once , and suddenly tossed it at me . 
 i responded instantly , whipping the blades through the air , cutting it into three parts . 
 the audience gasped , sitting straighter in their chairs , and i smiled . 
 yes , these are real swords . 
 guro nodded and stepped away . 
 i half closed my eyes and brought my swords into position , one held vertically over one shoulder , the other tucked against my ribs . 
 balanced on the balls of my feet , i let my mind drift , forgetting the audience and the onlookers and my fellow students watching along the wall . 
 i breathed out slowly and let my mind go blank . 
 music began , drumming a rhythm over the loudspeakers , and i started to move . 
 i started slowly at first , both weapons whirling around me , sliding from one motion to the next . 
 do n't think about what you 're doing , just move , flow . 
 i danced around the floor , throwing a few flips and kicks into the pattern because i could , keeping time with the music . 
 as the drums picked up , pounding out a frantic rhythm , i moved faster , faster , whipping the blades around my body , until i could feel the wind from their passing , hear the vicious hum as they sliced through the air around me . 
 someone whooped out in the audience , but i barely heard them . 
 the people watching did n't matter ; nothing mattered except the blades in my hands and the flowing motion of the dance . 
 the swords flashed silver in the dim light , fluid and flexible , almost liquid . 
 there was no block or strike , dodge or parry-the dance was all of these things , and none , all at once . 
 i pushed myself harder than i ever had before , until i could n't tell where the swords ended and my arms began , until i was just a weapon in the center of the floor , and no one could touch me . 
 with a final flourish , i spun around , ending the demonstration on one knee , the blades back in their ready position . 
 for a heartbeat after i finished , there was absolute silence . 
 then , like a dam breaking , a roar of applause swept over me , laced with whistles and scraping chairs as people surged to their feet . 
 i rose and bowed to the audience , then to my master , who gave me a proud nod . 
 he understood . 
 this was n't just a demonstration for me ; it was something i 'd worked for , trained for , and finally pulled off-without getting into trouble or hurting anyone in the process . 
 i had actually done something right for a change . 
 i looked up and met kenzie 's eyes on the other side of the mats . 
 she was grinning and clapping frantically , her notebook lying on the floor beside her , and i smiled back . 
 `` that was awesome , '' she said , weaving around the edge of the mat when i stepped off the floor , breathing hard . 
 `` i had no idea you could do ... that . 
 congratulations , you 're a certified badass . '' 
 i felt a warm glow of ... something , deep inside . 
 `` thanks , '' i muttered , carefully sliding the blades back into their sheaths before laying them gently atop guro 's bag . 
 it was hard to give them up ; i wanted to keep holding them , feeling their perfect weight as they danced through the air . 
 i 'd seen guro practice with his own blades , and he looked so natural with them , as if they were extensions of his arms . 
 i wondered if i 'd looked the same out there on the mat , the shining edges coming so close to my body but never touching it . 
 i wondered if guro would ever let me train with them again . 
 our instructor had called the last student to demonstrate knife techniques with him , and he had the audience 's full attention now . 
 meanwhile , i caught several appreciative gazes directed at kenzie from my fellow kali students , and felt myself bristle . 
 `` come on , '' i told her , stepping away from the others before chris could jump in and introduce himself . 
 `` i need a soda . 
 want one ? '' 
 she nodded eagerly . 
 together , we slipped through the crowds , out the doors , and into the hallway , leaving the noise and commotion behind . 
 i fed two dollars into the vending machine at the end of the hall , choosing a pepsi for myself , then a mountain dew at kenzie 's request . 
 she smiled her thanks as i tossed it to her , and we leaned against the corridor wall , basking in the silence . 
 `` so , '' kenzie ventured after several heartbeats . 
 she gave me a sideways look . 
 `` care to answer a few questions now ? '' 
 i knocked the back of my head against the wall . 
 `` sure , '' i muttered , closing my eyes . 
 the girl would n't let me be until we got this thing over with . 
 `` let 's have at it . 
 though i promise , you 're going to be disappointed by how dull my life really is . '' 
 `` i somehow doubt that . '' 
 kenzie 's voice had changed . 
 it was uncertain , now , almost nervous . 
 i frowned , listening to the flipping of notebook paper , then a quiet breath , as if she was steeling herself for something . 
 `` first question , then . 
 how long have you been taking kali ? '' 
 `` since i was twelve , '' i said without moving . 
 `` that 's ... what ... nearly five years now . '' 
 jeez , had it really been that long ? 
 i remembered my first class as a shy , quiet kid , holding the rattan stick like it was a poisonous snake , and guro 's piercing eyes , appraising me . 
 `` okay . 
 cool . 
 second question . '' 
 kenzie hesitated , then said in a calm , clear voice , `` what , exactly , is your take on faeries ? '' 
 my eyes flew open , and i jerked my head up , banging it against the wall again . 
 my half-empty soda can dropped from my fingers and clanked to the floor , fizzing everywhere . 
 kenzie blinked and stepped back as i gaped at her , hardly believing what i 'd just heard . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i choked out , before i thought better of it , before the defensive walls came slamming down . 
 `` you heard me . '' 
 kenzie regarded me intently , watching my reaction . 
 `` faeries . 
 what do you know about them ? 
 what 's your interest in the fey ? '' 
 my mind spun . 
 faeries . 
 fey . 
 she knew . 
 how she knew , i had no idea . 
 but she could n't continue this line of questioning . 
 this had to end , now . 
 todd was already in trouble because of them . 
 he might really be gone . 
 the last thing i wanted was for mackenzie st. james to vanish off the face of the earth because of me . 
 and if i had to be nasty and cruel , so be it . 
 it was better than the alternative . 
 drawing myself up , i sneered at her , my voice suddenly ugly , hateful . 
 `` wow , whatever you smoked last night , it must 've been good . '' 
 i curled my lip in a smirk . 
 `` are you even listening to yourself ? 
 what kind of screwed-up question is that ? '' 
 kenzie 's eyes hardened . 
 flipping several pages , she held the notebook out to me , where the words glamour , unseelie and seelie courts were underlined in red . 
 i remembered her standing behind the bleachers when i faced that creepy transparent faery . 
 my stomach went cold . 
 `` i 'm a reporter , '' kenzie said , as i tried wrapping my brain around this . 
 `` i heard you talking to someone the day todd disappeared . 
 it was n't hard to find the information . '' 
 she flipped the notebook shut and stared me down , defiant . 
 `` changelings , fair folk , all-hallow 's eve , summer and winter courts , the good neighbors . 
 i learned a lot . 
 and when i called todd 's house this afternoon , he still was n't there . '' 
 she pushed her hair back and gave me a worried look . 
 `` what 's going on , ethan ? 
 are you and todd in some sort of pagan cult ? 
 you do n't actually believe in faeries , do you ? '' 
 i forced myself to stay calm . 
 at least kenzie was reacting like a normal person should , with disbelief and concern . 
 of course she did n't believe in faeries . 
 maybe i could scare her away from me for good . 
 `` yes , '' i smirked , crossing my arms . 
 `` that 's exactly right . 
 i 'm in a cult , and we sacrifice goats under the full moon and drink the blood of virgins and babies every month . '' 
 she wrinkled her nose , and i took a threatening step forward . 
 `` it 's a lot of fun , especially when we bring out the crack and ouija boards . 
 wan na join ? '' 
 `` very funny , tough guy . '' 
 i 'd forgotten kenzie did n't scare easily . 
 she glared back , stubborn and unmovable as a wall . 
 `` what 's really going on ? 
 are you in some kind of trouble ? '' 
 `` what if i am ? '' 
 i challenged . 
 `` what are you going to do about it ? 
 you think you can save me ? 
 you think you can publish one of your little stories and everything will be fine ? 
 wake up , miss nosy reporter . 
 the world 's not like that . '' 
 `` quit being a jerkoff , ethan , '' kenzie snapped , narrowing her eyes . 
 `` you 're not really like this , and you 're not as bad as you think you are . 
 i 'm only trying to help . '' 
 `` no one can help me . '' 
 suddenly , i was tired . 
 i was tired of fighting , tired of forcing myself to be someone i was n't . 
 i did n't want to hurt her , but if she continued down this path , she would only rush headlong into a world that would do its best to tear her apart . 
 and i could n't let that happen . 
 not again . 
 `` look . '' 
 i sighed , slumping against the wall . 
 `` i ca n't explain it . 
 just ... leave me alone , okay ? 
 please . 
 you have no idea what you 're getting into . '' 
 `` ethan - '' `` stop asking questions , '' i whispered , drawing away . 
 her eyes followed me , confused and sad , and i hardened my voice . 
 `` stop asking questions , and stay the hell away from me . 
 or you 're only going to get hurt . '' 
 `` advice you should have followed yourself , ethan chase , '' a voice hissed out of the darkness . 
 chapter nine token to the nevernever they were here . 
 the creepy , transparent fey , floating a few inches off the tile floors , drifting toward us down the hall . 
 only now there were a whole lot of them , filling the corridor , their bony fingers and shattered wings making soft clicking sounds as they eased closer . 
 `` we told you , '' one whispered , regarding me with shiny black eyes , `` we told you to forget , to not ask questions , to not interfere . 
 you were warned , and you chose to ignore us . 
 now , you and your friend will disappear . 
 no one will endanger our lady 's return , not even the mortal kin of the iron queen . '' 
 `` ethan ? '' 
 kenzie gave me a worried look , but i could n't tear my eyes away from the ghostly faeries , creeping toward us . 
 she glanced back down the hall , then turned to stare at me again . 
 `` what are you looking at ? 
 you 're starting to freak me out . '' 
 backing away , i grabbed kenzie 's wrist , ignoring her startled yelp , and fled back into the main room . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 she tried to yank free as i bashed through the doors , nearly knocking down three students in white gis . 
 `` ow ! 
 what the hell are you doing ? 
 let go ! '' 
 we were starting to attract attention , despite the noise of battle and sparring , and several parents turned to give me the evil eye . 
 i pulled kenzie into the corner where i 'd left my bag and released her , watching the door we 'd just come through . 
 she glared at me , rubbing her wrist . 
 `` next time , a little warning would be nice . '' 
 when i did n't answer , she frowned and dropped her wrist . 
 `` are you okay ? 
 you look like you 're about to hurl . 
 what 's going on ? '' 
 the creepy fey drifted through the door frame , rising over the crowd like skeletal wraiths , black eyes scanning the floor . 
 no one saw them , of course . 
 they flickered , fading from sight for just a second before , as one , their faceted black eyes locked onto me . 
 i whispered a curse . 
 `` kenzie , '' i muttered , as the fey started to float toward us . 
 `` we have to get out of here . 
 will you trust me , just this once , without asking any questions ? '' 
 she opened her mouth to protest , and i whirled on her frantically . 
 `` please ! '' 
 her jaw snapped shut . 
 whether it was from the look on my face or something else , she nodded . 
 `` lead the way . '' 
 shouldering my bag , i fled along the wall with kenzie right behind me , weaving through students and watching parents , until we reached the back of the dojo . 
 the fire door stood slightly ajar , propped open to let in the cool autumn air , and i lunged toward it . 
 just as i hit the metal bar , pushing it open , something struck my arm , sending a flaring pain up my shoulder . 
 i stifled a yell and staggered down the steps , dragging kenzie with me , seeing the hatchet-face of the faery glaring at me from behind the door . 
 `` ethan , '' kenzie gasped as i pulled her across the back lot . 
 it had rained again , and the pavement smelled like wet asphalt . 
 puddles glimmered under the streetlamps , pooling in cracks and potholes , and we splashed our way through the black , oily water . 
 `` ethan ! '' 
 kenzie called again . 
 she sounded frantic , but all my thoughts were on getting to my truck around front . 
 `` oh , my god ! 
 wait a second . 
 look at your arm ! '' 
 i looked back , and my skin crawled . 
 where the faery had hit me , the entire sleeve of my shirt was soaked with red . 
 i pushed back the sleeve , revealing three long , vivid slashes across my triceps . 
 blood was starting to trickle down my arm . 
 `` what the hell ? '' 
 kenzie gasped , as the pain suddenly hit like a hot knife peeling back my skin . 
 i gritted my teeth and clamped a hand over the wound . 
 `` something tore the crap out of your arm . 
 you need to go to the hospital . 
 here . '' 
 she reached for me , putting a gentle hand on my uninjured shoulder . 
 `` give me your bag . '' 
 `` no , '' i rasped , backing away . 
 they were coming down the stairs now , pointed stick legs skipping over the puddles . 
 one of them stared at me and raised a thin , bloody claw to his mouth slit , licking the blood with a pale , wormlike tongue . 
 the sound of movement rippled behind us , and i turned to see more of them floating around the corner of the building , spreading out and trapping us between them . 
 my stomach felt tight . 
 is this what had happened to todd , surrounded on all sides by creepy transparent fey , torn apart with long needle fingers ? 
 i shivered , trying to be calm . 
 my rattan sticks were in my bag , feeble weapons against so many , but i had to do something . 
 for just a moment , i caught a reflection of myself in the puddle at my feet , grim-faced and hollow-eyed . 
 there was a dark smear on my cheek , my own blood , from where i 'd rubbed my face after touching the wound ... wait . 
 blood . 
 standing water . 
 the fey drifted closer . 
 i stuck my hand into my pocket , and my bloody fingers closed around the silver coin . 
 pulling it out , i faced kenzie , who was giving me that worried , bewildered stare , still insisting we go to a doctor . 
 `` kenzie , '' i said , taking her hand as the clicking around us grew very loud in my ears , `` do you believe in faeries ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 she blinked at me , looking confused and almost angry that i 'd brought up something so ridiculous . 
 `` do i. . . 
 no ! 
 of course not , that 's crazy . '' 
 i closed my eyes . 
 `` then , i 'm sorry , '' i whispered . 
 `` i did n't want to do this . 
 but try not to freak out when we get there . '' 
 `` get ... where ? '' 
 the circle of fey hissed and flowed toward us , claws reaching out , mouths gaping . 
 praying this would work , i squeezed kenzie 's hand in a death grip and flung the token into the puddle at my feet . 
 a flash of blinding white , a ripple of energy with no sound . 
 i felt my stomach pulled inside out , the ground spinning under my feet , and held my breath . 
 the mad hisses and clicking of the transparent fey cut out , and suddenly i was falling . 
 * * * i hit the ground on my stomach , biting my lip as the gym bag landed on my shoulder and sent a flare of pain up my arm . 
 beside me , i heard kenzie 's breathless yelp as she thumped to the dirt and lay there , gasping . 
 `` what ... what in the hell ? '' 
 she panted , and i heard her struggle to get up . 
 `` what just happened ? 
 where are we ? '' 
 `` well , well , '' answered a cool , amused voice from somewhere above us . 
 `` and here you are again . 
 ethan chase , your family does have a knack for getting into trouble . '' 
 part ii chapter ten cave of the cait sith i jerked upright , pushing off the bag . 
 the motion sent a blaze of agony across my back and shoulder . 
 clenching my jaw , i struggled to my feet and searched for the source of the elusive voice . 
 we were in some sort of a cave with a sandy bottom and a small pool near the back . 
 along the walls , enormous spotted toadstools glowed with eerie luminance . 
 tiny glowing balls , like blue and green fireflies , drifted over the pool , throwing rippling splashes of light over the cavern , but i could n't see anyone besides kenzie and myself . 
 `` who 's there ? '' 
 kenzie demanded , in a far more steady voice than i 'd expect . 
 `` where are you ? 
 show yourself . '' 
 `` as usual , you mortals have not the slightest ability to see what is right in front of your faces , '' continued the voice in a bored tone , and i thought i heard a yawn . 
 `` very well , humans . 
 up here , if you would . '' 
 there was a shimmer of movement along the far wall . 
 i followed it up to a rocky shelf about fifteen feet off the ground . 
 for a moment , the shelf appeared empty . 
 then , two glowing yellow eyes blinked into existence , and a second later a large gray cat sat there with its tail curled around itself , peering down on us haughtily . 
 `` there . '' 
 it sighed , sounding exceptionally weary , as if it had held this entire conversation before . 
 `` see me now ? '' 
 a memory flickered to life-the image of a metal tower , crumbling all around us , and a furry gray cat leading us to safety . 
 a name hovered at the edge of my mind , eluding me for the moment , but the image of the golden-eyed cat was clear . 
 of course , it had n't changed a bit . 
 kenzie took two staggering steps backward , staring at the feline as if in a daze . 
 `` o-kay , '' she breathed , shaking her head slightly . 
 `` a cat . 
 a cat that talks . 
 i 'm going crazy . '' 
 she glanced at me . 
 `` or you slipped something into my drink at the tournament . 
 one or the other . '' 
 `` how predictable . '' 
 the cat sighed again and stuck its hind leg into the air to lick its toes . 
 `` i believe there is nothing wrong with your eyes or ears , human . 
 my previous statement still stands . '' 
 i glared at it . 
 `` lay off , cat , '' i said . 
 `` she 's never seen one of you before , let alone been here . '' 
 my arm throbbed , and i sank onto a nearby rock . 
 `` dammit , i do n't know why i 'm here . 
 why am i here ? 
 i was hoping i 'd never see this place again . '' 
 `` please , '' the cat said in that annoyingly superior voice , eyeing me over its leg . 
 `` why are you even surprised , human ? 
 your last name is chase , after all . 
 i was expecting your arrival any day now . '' 
 it sniffed and glanced at kenzie , who was still staring at it openmouthed . 
 `` minus the girl , of course . 
 but i am sure we can work around that . 
 first things first , however . '' 
 the golden eyes shifted to me . 
 `` you are dripping blood everywhere , human . 
 perhaps you should try to put a stop to that . 
 we would not want to attract anything nasty , would we ? '' 
 i exhaled , hard . 
 well , here i was , in the nevernever . 
 nothing to be done now but try to get out as quickly as i could . 
 pulling my bag toward me , i tugged it open and rifled through it one-handed , biting my lip as pain continued to claw at my shoulder . 
 blood still oozed sluggishly down my arm , and the left side of my shirt was spattered with red . 
 `` here . '' 
 kenzie suddenly knelt across from me , stopping my hand . 
 `` do n't hurt yourself . 
 let me do it . '' 
 taking off her camera , she started going through the bag . 
 `` you have gauze in here somewhere , right ? '' 
 `` i can get it , '' i said quickly , not wanting her to see my old clothes and smelly belongings . 
 i reached forward , but she gave me such a fierce glare that i sat back with a grimace , leaving her to it . 
 setting her jaw , she rummaged around , pushing aside rattan sticks and old t-shirts , pulling out a rag and the roll of gauze i kept for sports-related injuries . 
 her lips were pressed in a thin line , her eyes hard and determined , as if she was going to take care of this little problem before she faced anything else . 
 for a second , i felt a weird flicker of pride . 
 she was taking things remarkably well . 
 `` take off your shirt . '' 
 i blinked , feeling my face heat . 
 `` uh . 
 what ? '' 
 `` shirt , tough guy . '' 
 she gestured to my blood-spattered t-shirt . 
 `` i do n't think you 're going to want it after this , anyway . 
 off . '' 
 her words were almost too flippant , like someone forcing a smile after a horrible tragedy . 
 i hesitated , more out of concern than embarrassment-though there was that , too . 
 `` you sure you 're okay with this ? '' 
 `` oh , do as she says , human . '' 
 the cat thumped its tail . 
 `` otherwise we will be here all night . '' 
 gingerly , i eased off my shirt and tossed the bloodied rag aside . 
 kenzie soaked the cloth in the pool , wrung it out , and crouched behind me in the sand . 
 for a moment , she hesitated , and i tensed , suddenly feeling highly exposed-half-naked and bleeding in front of a strange girl and a talking cat . 
 then her fingers brushed my skin , cool and soft , and my stomach turned into a pretzel . 
 `` god , ethan . '' 
 she laid one palm gently against my shoulder , leaning in to examine the tears down my arm . 
 i closed my eyes , forcing myself to relax . 
 `` these are nasty . 
 what the hell was after you , demon cougars ? '' 
 i sucked in a ragged breath . 
 `` you would n't believe me if i told you . '' 
 `` oh , i 'm willing to believe just about anything right now . '' 
 she pressed the cloth to the jagged claw marks , and i set my jaw . 
 we were both silent as she dabbed blood off my shoulder and wrapped the gauze around my arm . 
 i could sense kenzie was still a little dazed from the whole situation . 
 but her fingers were gentle and sure , and i shivered each time they touched my skin , leaving goose bumps behind . 
 `` there , '' she said , dusting off her knees as she stood . 
 `` that should do it . 
 those first aid sessions in ms. peters 's class did n't go to waste , at least . '' 
 `` thanks , '' i muttered . 
 she gave me a shaky smile . 
 `` no problem . '' 
 she watched as i reached into my bag and pulled out another t-shirt , shrugging into it with a grimace . 
 `` now , before i start screaming , will someone-you or the talking cat or a freaking flying goat , i do n't care-please tell me what the hell is going on ? '' 
 `` why are mortals so boring ? '' 
 the cat asked , landing on the sandy floor without a sound . 
 padding toward us , it leaped atop a flat rock and observed us both critically , waving its tail , before its gaze settled on the girl . 
 `` very well , i will be the voice of reason and sanity once again . 
 listen closely , human , for i will explain this only once . '' 
 it sat down with a sniff , curling its tail around its feet . 
 `` you are in the nevernever , the home of the fey . 
 or , as you mortals insist upon calling them , faeries . 
 yes , faeries are real , '' it added in its bored tone , as kenzie took a breath to speak . 
 `` no , mortals can not normally see them in the real world . 
 please save all unnecessary questions until i am finished . 
 `` you are here , '' it continued , giving me a sideways look , `` because ethan chase apparently can not stay out of trouble with the fey and has used a token to bring you both into the nevernever . 
 more important , into my home-one of them , anyway . 
 which begs the question ... '' the cat blinked and looked at me now , narrowing its eyes . 
 `` why are you here , human ? 
 the token was to be used only in the most dire circumstances . 
 by your wounds , i would guess something was chasing you , but why drag the girl into this , as well ? '' 
 `` i did n't have a choice , '' i said , avoiding kenzie 's eyes . 
 `` they were after her , too . '' 
 `` they ? '' 
 asked kenzie . 
 i scrubbed my good hand over my face . 
 `` there 's something out there , '' i told the cat . 
 `` something different , some type of fey i 've never seen before . 
 they 're killing off exiles and half-breeds , and they 've taken a friend of mine , a half-phouka named todd wyndham . 
 when i tried to find out more ... '' `` they came to silence you , '' the cat finished solemnly . 
 `` yeah . 
 right in the open . 
 in front of a couple hundred people . '' 
 i felt kenzie 's gaze on me and ignored her . 
 `` so , '' i asked the cat , `` do you know what 's going on ? '' 
 the cat twitched an ear . 
 `` perhaps , '' it mused , managing to look bored and thoughtful all at once . 
 `` there have been strange rumors circling the wyldwood . 
 they have me curious . '' 
 it yawned and casually licked a foot . 
 `` i believe it is time to pay a visit to the iron queen . '' 
 i stood up . 
 `` no , '' i said a little too forcefully , though the cat did n't even look up from its paw . 
 `` i ca n't go to meghan . 
 i have to get home ! 
 i have to find todd and see if my family is all right . 
 they 're gon na freak out if i do n't come back soon . '' 
 i remembered what meghan said about time in the nevernever , and groaned . 
 `` god , they 're probably freaking out right now . '' 
 `` the iron queen needs to be informed that you are here , '' the cat said , calmly rubbing the paw over his whiskers . 
 `` that was the favor-should you ever use that token , i would bring you to her . 
 besides , i believe she will be most interested in what is happening in the mortal world , and this new type of fey . 
 i think one of the courts needs to know about this , do you not agree ? '' 
 `` ca n't you at least take kenzie home ? '' 
 `` that was not the bargain , human . '' 
 the cat finally looked at me , unblinking . 
 `` and , were i you , i would think long and hard about sending her back alone . 
 if these creatures are still out there , they could be waiting for you both to return . '' 
 a chill ran down my back . 
 i glanced at kenzie and found her looking completely lost as she stared from me to the cat and back again . 
 `` i have no idea what 's going on here , '' she said matter-of-factly , though her eyes were a bit glazed . 
 `` i just hope that when i wake up , i 'm not in a padded room with a nice man in a white suit feeding me pills . '' 
 i sighed , feeling my life unravel even more . 
 i 'm sorry , kenzie , i thought , as she hugged herself and stared straight ahead . 
 i did n't want to drag you into this , and this is the very last place i want to be . 
 but the cat 's right ; i ca n't send you back alone , not with those things out there . 
 they already got todd ; i wo n't let them have you , too . 
 `` all right , '' i snapped , glaring at the feline . 
 `` let 's go see meghan and get this over with . 
 but i 'm not staying . 
 i have to get home . 
 i have a friend who 's in trouble , and i have to find him . 
 not even meghan can help me with that . '' 
 the cat sneezed several times , curling his whiskers in mirth . 
 i did n't see what was so funny . 
 `` this should be most amusing , '' it said , hopping down from the rock . 
 `` i suggest you remain here for the night , '' it continued as he padded away over the sand . 
 `` nothing will harm you in this place , and i am in no mood to lead wounded humans around the wyldwood in the dark . 
 we will start out for the iron realm in the morning . '' 
 `` how long will it take to get there ? '' 
 i asked , but there was no answer . 
 frowning , i glanced around the cave . 
 the cat was gone . 
 oh , yeah , i thought , remembering something then , from long ago . 
 grimalkin . 
 he does that . 
 * * * kenzie still seemed unnaturally quiet as i sat down and started fishing in my bag , taking stock of what i had . 
 rattan sticks , extra clothes , bottled water , a smashed box of energy bars , a container of aspirin and a couple of small , secret items i kept handy for pests of the invisible variety . 
 i wondered if my little charms would work in the nevernever , the fey 's home territory . 
 i would find out soon enough . 
 i shook four painkillers into my palm and tossed them back , swallowing them with a grimace , then sliding the bottle into my pocket . 
 my shoulder still ached , but against all odds , it seemed to be nothing more than a flesh wound . 
 i just hoped the strange , creepy fey did n't have venomous claws . 
 `` here , '' i muttered , pulling out a slightly crushed energy bar , offering it to the girl sitting across from me . 
 she blinked and stared at it blankly . 
 `` we should probably eat something . 
 you do n't want to take anything anyone offers you here . 
 no food , drinks , gifts , anything , got it ? 
 oh , and never agree to do someone a favor , or make any kind of deal or say ` thank you . ' '' 
 she continued to watch me without expression , and i frowned . 
 `` hey , are you listening to me ? 
 this is important . '' 
 great , she 's gone into shock . 
 what am i supposed to do now ? 
 i stared at her , wishing i had never pulled her into this , wishing we could both just go home . 
 i was worried for my parents ; what would they say when they found out yet another child of theirs had disappeared from the face of the earth ? 
 i 'm not meghan , i promised , not knowing if it was to mom , to kenzie or myself . 
 i 'll get us home , i swear i will . 
 the girl still was n't responding , and waggling the energy bar at her was getting me nowhere . 
 i sighed . 
 `` kenzie , '' i said , firmer this time , leaning forward over the bag . 
 `` mackenzie . 
 hey ! '' 
 she jumped when i got right up in her face and grabbed her arm , jerking back with a startled look . 
 i let her go , and she blinked rapidly , as if coming out of a trance . 
 `` you all right ? '' 
 i asked , sitting back , watching her cautiously . 
 she stared at me for an uncomfortable moment , then took a deep breath . 
 `` yeah , '' she finally whispered , making me sag in relief . 
 `` yeah , i 'm good . 
 i 'm fine . 
 i think . '' 
 she gazed around the cave , as if making sure it was still there . 
 `` the nevernever , '' she murmured , almost to herself . 
 `` i 'm in the nevernever . 
 i 'm in freaking faeryland . '' 
 i watched her carefully , wondering what i would do if she started to scream . 
 but then , sitting there on the log in the middle of the nevernever , kenzie did something completely unexpected . 
 she smiled . 
 it was n't big or obvious . 
 just a faint , secret grin , a flicker of excitement crossing her face , as if this was something she 'd been waiting for her whole life , only she had n't known it . 
 it raised the hairs on the back of my neck . 
 normal human beings did not react well to being dropped into an imaginary place with creatures that existed only in fairy tales . 
 i was expecting fear , anger , rationalization . 
 kenzie 's eyes nearly glowed with anticipation . 
 it made me very nervous . 
 `` so , '' she said brightly , turning back to me , `` tell me about this place . '' 
 i gave her a wary look . 
 `` you do realize we 're in the nevernever , home of the fey . 
 faeries ? 
 wee folk ? 
 leprechauns and pixies and tinkerbell ? '' 
 i held out the food bar again , watching her reaction . 
 `` is n't this your cue to start explaining how faeries do n't exist ? '' 
 `` well , i 'm a reporter , '' kenzie said , accepting the food package and fiddling with a corner . 
 `` i have to face facts . 
 and it occurs to me that one of two things is happening right now . 
 one , you slipped something into my drink at the dojo , and i 'm having a really whacked-out dream . 
 and if that 's the case , i 'll wake up soon and you 'll go to jail and we 'll never see each other again . '' 
 i winced . 
 `` or two ... '' she took a deep breath and gazed around the cavern . 
 `` this ... is really happening . 
 it 's kind of silly to tell the talking cat he does n't exist when he 's sitting right there arguing with you . '' 
 i kept quiet , chewing on granola . 
 you could n't fault her reasoning , though she was still far more pragmatic and logical than i 'd expected . 
 still , something about her reaction did n't feel right . 
 maybe it was her complete lack of fear and skepticism , as if she desperately wanted to believe that this was really happening . 
 as if she did n't care at all about leaving what was real and sane and normal behind . 
 `` anyway , '' kenzie went on , looking back at me , `` you 've been here before , right ? 
 from the way that cat was talking to you , it was like you knew each other . '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` yeah , '' i said , staring at the ground between my knees . 
 memories-the bad memories i tried so hard to forget-crowded in . 
 fangs and claws , poking at me . 
 glowing eyes and shrieking , high-pitched laughter . 
 lying in utter darkness , the stench of rust and iron clogging my nose , waiting for my sister to come . 
 `` but it was a long time ago , '' i muttered , shoving those thoughts away , locking them in the farthest corner of my mind . 
 `` i barely remember it . '' 
 `` how long have you been able to see ... um ... faeries ? '' 
 i flicked a glance at her . 
 she sat with her knees drawn to her chest , leaning against a rock , watching me gravely . 
 the fluorescent toadstools on the walls gave off a black light effect , making the blue in her hair glow neon bright . 
 i caught myself staring and looked down at the floor again . 
 `` all my life . '' 
 i hunched a little more . 
 `` i ca n't remember a time when i could n't see them , when i did n't know they were there . '' 
 `` can your parents - ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 it came out a bit sharper than i 'd intended . 
 `` no one in my family can see them . 
 just me . '' 
 except my sister , of course . 
 but i did n't want to talk about her . 
 `` hmm . '' 
 kenzie rested her chin on her knees . 
 `` well , this explains a lot about you . 
 the secrecy , the paranoia , the weirdness at the tournament . '' 
 my face heated , but kenzie did n't seem to notice . 
 `` so how many ... faeries ... are out there in the real world ? '' 
 `` sure you want to know ? '' 
 i challenged , smiling bitterly . 
 `` you might end up like me , mean and paranoid , staring at corners and out windows for things that are n't there . 
 there 's a reason no one ever talks about the fey , and not just because it draws their attention . 
 because normal people , the ones who ca n't see them , will label you weird or crazy or freak , and will either treat you like you have the plague or will want to throw you in a cell . '' 
 `` i never thought of you like that , '' kenzie said softly . 
 anger burned suddenly . 
 at myself , for dragging her into this . 
 at kenzie , for being too damn stubborn to leave me alone , for refusing to stay away and not hate me like any normal , sane person would . 
 and at myself , again , for allowing her to get this close , for wanting to be near someone . 
 i had let down my guard the tiniest bit , and now look where we were . 
 `` well , maybe you should have , '' i said , standing and glaring down at her . 
 `` because now you 're stuck here with me . 
 and i really do n't know if we 're going to make it out of here alive . '' 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 kenzie asked as i stalked away toward the mouth of the cave . 
 ignoring her , hoping she would n't come after me , i walked to the entrance , just a foot or so from the edge of the cave , so i could see faery for myself . 
 peering into the darkness , i shivered . 
 the wyldwood stretched away before me , tangled and ominous in the shadows . 
 i could n't see the sky through the canopy of leaves and branches , but i could see glimmers of movement far , far above , lights or creatures floating through the trees . 
 `` going somewhere ? '' 
 came a voice above my head . 
 grimalkin sat in a tangle of roots that curled lazily from the ceiling . 
 his huge eyes seemed to hover in the darkness . 
 `` no , '' i muttered , giving him a cautious look . 
 grimalkin had helped my sister in the past , but i did n't know him well , and he was still fey . 
 faeries never did anything for free ; his agreeing to guide us through the wyldwood into the iron realm was just part of a deal . 
 `` good . 
 i would hate to have you eaten before we even started , '' he purred , raking his claws across the wood . 
 `` you appear to have the same recklessness as your sister , always rushing into things without thinking them through . '' 
 `` do n't compare me to meghan , '' i said , narrowing my eyes . 
 `` i 'm not like her . '' 
 `` indeed . 
 she , at least , had a pleasant personality . '' 
 `` i 'm not here to make friends . '' 
 the cat was bugging the hell out of me , but i refused to let it show . 
 `` this is n't a reunion . 
 i just want to get to the iron realm , talk to meghan and go home . '' 
 todd is still out there , counting on me . 
 the cat stretched lazily on the branch . 
 `` desire what you will , human , '' he said with a knowing , half-lidded stare . 
 `` with your family , i have found that it is never as easy as that . '' 
 chapter eleven into the wyldwood i did n't think i 'd sleep , but i must 've dozed off , because the next thing i knew , i was waking up on the sandy floor of the cave , and my shoulder was killing me . 
 pulling out the aspirin , i popped another three pills , crunched them down with a grimace and looked around for kenzie and grimalkin . 
 unsurprisingly , the cat was nowhere to be seen , but a faint gray light was seeping in from the cave mouth , and the glowing fungi along the walls had dimmed , looking like ordinary toadstools now . 
 i wondered how much time had passed , if a year had already flown by in the mortal world and my parents had given up all hope of ever seeing me again . 
 grimacing , i struggled upright , cursing myself for falling asleep . 
 anything could 've happened while i 'd been out : something could 've snuck up on me , stolen my bag , convinced kenzie to follow it down a dark tunnel . 
 where was she , anyway ? 
 she did n't know about faery , how dangerous it could be . 
 she was far too trusting , and anything in this world could grab her , chew her up and spit her out again . 
 i spun , searching frantically , until i saw her sitting cross-legged near the entrance . 
 talking to grimalkin . 
 oh , great . 
 i hurried over , hoping she had n't promised the cat anything she would regret , or we would regret , later . 
 `` kenzie , '' i said as i swept up . 
 `` what are you doing ? 
 what are you two talking about ? '' 
 she glanced up at me , smiling , and grimalkin yawned widely as he bent to lick his paws . 
 `` oh , you 're up , '' she said . 
 `` grimalkin was just telling me a little about the nevernever . 
 it 's fascinating . 
 did you know there 's a whole huge city on the ocean floor that stretches for miles ? 
 or that the river of dreams supposedly runs to the end of the world before falling off the edge ? '' 
 `` i do n't want to know , '' i said . 
 `` i do n't want to be here any longer than we have to , so do n't think we 're staying for the tour . 
 i just want to go to the iron realm , talk to meghan , and go home . 
 how 's that part coming along , cat ? '' 
 grimalkin sniffed . 
 `` your friend is far better company than you , '' he stated , and scrubbed the paw over his head . 
 `` and if you are so eager to get to the iron realm , we will leave whenever you are ready . 
 however - '' he peeked up at me , twitching his tail '' - be absolutely sure you have everything you need , human . 
 we will not be coming back to this place should you leave something behind . '' 
 i walked back to my gym bag , wondering what to leave . 
 i could n't take the whole bag , that was obvious . 
 it was bulky and heavy , and i was n't going to tote it across the nevernever if i did n't have to . 
 besides , my arm still hurt like hell , so i would n't be carrying anything much larger than a stick . 
 i pulled out my rattan , the gauze , two bottles of water , and the last three power bars , then rifled around the side pocket for one more thing . 
 kenzie wandered over and knelt on the other side , watching curiously . 
 `` what are you looking for ? '' 
 `` this , '' i muttered , and pulled out a large , slightly rusted key , something i 'd found half buried in the swamp when i was a kid . 
 it was ancient , bulky and made of pure iron . 
 i 'd kept it as a lucky charm and a faery deterrent ever since . 
 `` here , '' i said , holding it out to her . 
 it dangled from an old string , spinning lazily between us . 
 i 'd meant to get a chain for it but kept putting it off . 
 `` keep this close , '' i told her as she stared at it curiously . 
 `` iron is the best protection you can have against the creatures that live here . 
 it 's poison to them-they ca n't even touch it without being burned . 
 it wo n't keep them away completely , but they might think twice about biting your head off if they smell that around your neck . '' 
 she wrinkled her nose , whether from the thought of having to wear a rusty old key or having her head bitten off , i did n't know . 
 `` what about you ? '' 
 she asked . 
 i reached into my shirt and pulled out the iron cross on the chain . 
 `` already have one . 
 here . '' 
 i jiggled the key at her . 
 `` take it . '' 
 she reached out , and my fingers brushed hers as they closed around the amulet , sending a rush of warmth up my arm . 
 i jerked and nearly dropped the key , but she did n't pull back , her touch lingering on mine , watching me over our clasped hands . 
 `` i 'm sorry , ethan . '' 
 i blinked and quickly pulled my hand back , frowning in confusion . 
 my heart was pounding again , but i ignored it . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` for not believing you at the tournament . '' 
 she looped the heavy key around her neck , where it clinked softly against the camera . 
 `` i thought you might be into something dangerous and illegal , and had gotten todd into trouble because of it . 
 and that the faery thing was a cover for something else . 
 i never thought they could be real . '' 
 her solemn gaze met mine over the gym bag . 
 `` they were at the tournament , were n't they ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` the faeries that grabbed todd . 
 that 's what was chasing us , and you were trying to get us out . '' 
 her gaze flicked to my bandaged arm , and her brow furrowed . 
 `` i 'm sorry for that , too . '' 
 i started to reply , but kenzie rose and briskly dusted herself off , as if not wanting an answer . 
 `` come on , '' she said in an overly cheerful voice . 
 `` we should get going . 
 grim is giving us the evil eye . '' 
 she started to walk away but paused very briefly , her fingers touching my shoulder as she passed . 
 `` also ... thanks for saving my life . '' 
 i sat there a moment , listening to kenzie 's footsteps pad quietly over the sand . 
 what just happened here ? 
 kenzie had nothing to apologize for . 
 it was n't her fault we were here , stuck in the nevernever for who knew how long , that a bunch of ghostly , homicidal faeries were after us . 
 her life had been fairly normal before i came along . 
 if anything , she should hate me for dragging her into this mess . 
 i certainly hated myself . 
 my shoulder still prickled where she 'd touched it . 
 an extremely loud yawn came from the mouth of the cave . 
 `` are we going to start this expedition sometime in the next century ? '' 
 grimalkin called , golden eyes blinking in annoyance . 
 `` for someone who is in such a hurry to leave , you certainly are taking your time . '' 
 i rose , snatched my rattan sticks and water from the floor , and walked toward the cave entrance , leaving the bag behind . 
 it , along with my dirty clothes and equipment , would have to stay in faery . 
 hopefully it would n't stink up grimalkin 's home too badly . 
 `` finally . '' 
 the cat sighed as i came up . 
 he stood , tail waving , and sauntered to the mouth of the cave , looking out at the wyldwood beyond . 
 `` ready , humans ? '' 
 `` hey , grimalkin . '' 
 kenzie suddenly brought up her camera . 
 `` smile . '' 
 the cat snorted . 
 `` that silly toy will not work here , mortal , '' he said as kenzie pressed the button and discovered just that . 
 nothing happened . 
 frowning , she pulled back to look at it , and grimalkin sniffed . 
 `` human technology has no place in the nevernever , '' he stated . 
 `` why do you think there are no pictures of dragons and goblins floating about the mortal world ? 
 the fey do not photograph well . 
 we do not photograph at all . 
 magic and technology can not exist together , except perhaps in the iron realm . 
 and even there , your purely human technology will not work as you expect . 
 the iron realm , for all its advancement , is still a part of the nevernever . '' 
 `` well , shoot . '' 
 kenzie sighed and let the camera drop . 
 `` i was hoping to write a book called my trip to faeryland . '' 
 now how am i going to convince myself that i 'm not completely loony ? '' 
 grimalkin sneezed with laughter and turned away . 
 `` i would not worry about that , mortal . 
 no one ever leaves the nevernever completely sane . '' 
 * * * the cave entrance vanished as soon as we stepped through , changing to a solid wall of stone when we looked back . 
 kenzie jumped , then reached out to prod the rock , a look of amazement and disbelief crossing her face . 
 `` better get used to things like that , '' i told her as she turned forward again , looking a bit stunned . 
 `` nothing ever makes sense around here . '' 
 `` i 'm starting to see that , '' she murmured as we made our way down the rocky slope after grimalkin . 
 the cat trotted briskly ahead , neither slowing down nor glancing back to see if we were still there , and we had to scramble to keep up . 
 i wondered if meghan had had this same problem when she first came to the nevernever . 
 meghan . 
 flutters of both nerves and excitement hit my stomach , and i firmly shoved them down . 
 i was going to see my sister , the queen of the iron fey . 
 would she remember me ? 
 would she be angry that i 'd come here , after she 'd told me not to look for her ? 
 maybe she did n't want to see me at all . 
 maybe she was glad to be rid of her human ties . 
 that thought sent a chill through me . 
 would she even be the same meghan i remembered ? 
 i had so many memories of her , and she was always the same : the steady older sister who looked out for me . 
 when we got to the iron realm , would i find the iron queen was insane and cruel like mab , or fickle and jealous like titania ? 
 i had n't met the fey queens , of course , but the stories i 'd heard about them told me everything i needed to know . 
 which was to stay far , far away from them both . 
 `` how old were you when you first came here ? '' 
 kenzie voiced the question just as grimalkin vanished into the dark gray undergrowth . 
 alarmed , i stared hard between the trees until i spotted him again and hurried to catch up . 
 except he did the same damn thing a minute later , and i growled a curse , scanning the bushes . 
 catching sight of a bushy tail , i hurried forward , kenzie trailing doggedly beside me . 
 i kept silent , hoping kenzie would forget the question . 
 no such luck . 
 `` ethan ? 
 did you hear me ? 
 how old were you the last time you came to this place ? '' 
 `` i do n't want to talk about it , '' i said curtly , dodging a bush with vivid blue thorns . 
 kenzie stepped deftly around it , keeping pace with me . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` because . '' 
 i searched for the cat , ignoring her gaze , and tried to hold on to my temper . 
 `` it 's none of your business . '' 
 `` news flash , ethan-i 'm stuck in faeryland , same as you . 
 i think that makes it my business - '' `` i was four ! '' 
 i snapped , turning to glare at her . 
 kenzie blinked . 
 `` the fey took me from my home when i was four and used me as bait so my sister would come rescue me . 
 they stuck me in a cage and poked at me until i screamed , and when she finally did come , they took her away and turned her into one of them . 
 i have to pretend i do n't have a sister , that i do n't see anything weird or strange or unnatural , that my parents are n't terrified to let me do anything because they 're scared the fey will steal me again ! 
 so , excuse me for not wanting to talk about myself or my screwed-up life . 
 it 's kind of a sore subject , okay ? '' 
 `` oh , ethan . '' 
 kenzie 's gaze was horrified and sympathetic , which was not what i was expecting . 
 `` i 'm so sorry . '' 
 `` forget it . '' 
 embarrassed , i turned away , waving it off . 
 `` it 's just ... i 've never told anyone before , not even my parents . 
 and being back here - '' i gestured to the trees around us '' - it 's making me remember everything i hated about this place , about them . 
 i swore i 'd never come back . 
 but , here i am and ... '' exhaling , i kicked a rock into the undergrowth , making it rattle noisily . 
 `` and i managed to pull you in , as well . '' 
 just like samantha . 
 `` humans . '' 
 grimalkin appeared overhead , in the branches of a tree . 
 `` you are making too much noise , and this is not a safe place to do so . 
 unless you wish to attract the attention of every hungry creature in the area , i suggest attempting to continue on in silence . '' 
 he sniffed and regarded us without hope . 
 `` give it your best shot at least , hmm ? '' 
 * * * we walked for the rest of the afternoon . 
 at least , i thought we did . 
 it was hard to tell time in the endless gray twilight of the wyldwood . 
 my watch had , of course , stopped , and our phones were dead , so we trailed grimalkin as best we could for several hours as the eerie , dangerous land of the fey loomed all around us . 
 shadows moved among the trees , keeping just out of sight . 
 branches creaked , and footsteps shuffled through the leaves , though i never saw anything . 
 sometimes i thought i heard voices on the wind , singing or whispering my name . 
 the colors of the wyldwood were weird and unnatural ; everything was gray and murky , but then we 'd pass a single tree that was a vivid , poisonous green , or a bush with huge purple berries hanging from the branches . 
 except for a few curious piskies and one hopeful will-o ' - the-wisp , i did n't see any faeries , which made me relieved and nervous at the same time . 
 it was like knowing a grizzly was stalking you through the woods , only you could n't see it . 
 i knew they were out there . 
 i did n't know if i was happy that they were staying out of sight , or if i 'd rather they try something now and get it over with . 
 `` careful through here , '' grimalkin cautioned . 
 we picked our way through a patch of thick black briars with thorns as long as my hand , shiny and evil-looking . 
 `` do not take your eyes from the path . 
 pay attention to what is happening at your feet . '' 
 bones hung in the branches and littered the ground at the base of the bushes , some tiny , some not . 
 kenzie shuddered whenever we passed one , clutching the key around her neck , but she followed the cat through the branches without a word . 
 until a vine snaked around her ankle . 
 she pitched forward with a yelp , right toward a patch of nasty looking thorns . 
 i caught her before she could impale herself on the spikes . 
 she gasped and clung to my shirt while the offending vine slithered back into the undergrowth . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 i asked . 
 i could feel her shaking against me , her heart thudding against my ribs . 
 it felt ... good ... to hold her like this . 
 her small body fit perfectly against mine . 
 with a start , i realized what i was doing and released her quickly , drawing back . 
 kenzie blinked , still trying to process what had happened , then glared down at the briar patch . 
 `` it ... the branch ... it tried to trip me , did n't it ? '' 
 she said , sounding incredulous and indignant all at once . 
 `` jeez , not even the plant life is friendly . 
 what did i ever do to it ? '' 
 we stepped out of the briar patch , and i looked around for grimalkin . 
 he had vanished once more , and i stared hard into the trees , searching for him . 
 `` here 's a hint , '' i told kenzie , narrowing my eyes as i peered into the undergrowth and shadows . 
 `` and it might save your life . 
 just assume that everything here-plant , animal , insect , toadstool , whatever-is out to get you . '' 
 `` well , that 's not very friendly of them . 
 they do n't even know me . '' 
 `` if you 're not going to take this seriously - '' `` ethan , i was just nearly impaled by a bloodthirsty killer bush ! 
 i think i 'm taking this fairly well , considering . '' 
 i glanced back at her . 
 `` whatever . 
 just remember , nothing in the nevernever is friendly to humans . 
 even if the fey appear friendly , they all have ulterior motives . 
 not even the cat is doing this for free . 
 and if they ca n't get what they want , they 'll take something anyway or try to kill you . 
 you ca n't trust the fey , ever . 
 they 'll pretend to be your friend and stab you in the back when it 's most convenient , not because they 're mean , or spiteful or hateful , but because it 's their nature . 
 it 's just how they are . '' 
 `` you must hate them a great deal , '' kenzie said softly . 
 i shrugged , abruptly self-conscious . 
 `` you have n't seen what i have . 
 it 's not without cause , trust me . '' 
 speaking of which , grimalkin still had n't appeared . 
 `` where 's that stupid cat ? '' 
 i muttered , starting to get nervous and a little mad . 
 `` if he 's gone off and left us - '' a branch rustled somewhere in the woods behind us . 
 we both froze , and kenzie looked over warily . 
 `` that sounded a little too big for a cat ... '' another branch snapped , closer this time . 
 something was coming . 
 something big and fast . 
 `` humans ! '' 
 grimalkin 's voice echoed from nowhere , though the urgency in it was plain . 
 `` run ! 
 now ! '' 
 kenzie jumped . 
 i tensed , gripping my weapons . 
 before we could even think about moving , the bushes parted and a huge reptilian creature spilled out of the brambles into the open . 
 at first , i thought it was a giant snake , as the scaly green body was close to twenty feet long . 
 but its head was more dragon than serpent , and two short , clawed forearms stuck out of its sides , just behind its shoulder blades . 
 it raised its head , a pale , forked tongue flicking the air , before it reared up with a hiss , baring a mouthful of needlelike teeth . 
 kenzie gasped , and i yanked her into the trees as the monster lunged , barely missing us . 
 the snap of its jaws echoed horribly in my ears . 
 we ran , weaving around trees , tearing through bramble and undergrowth , hearing the crashing of twigs and branches at our heels as it followed . 
 i dodged behind a thick trunk , pulling kenzie behind me , and raised my sticks as the monster 's head slithered around , forked tongue tasting the air . 
 when it turned , i brought the rattan down across its snout as hard as i could , striking the rubbery nose three times before the thing hissed and pulled back with blinding speed . 
 as it drew away , i spotted a place where we could make our stand and yanked kenzie toward it . 
 `` what is that thing ? '' 
 kenzie cried as i pulled her into a cluster of trees , their trunks grown close together to form a protective cage around us . 
 no sooner had i squeezed through than the monster 's head appeared between a crack , snapping narrow jaws at me . 
 i whacked it across the head with my sticks , and it pulled back with a screech . 
 i saw its scaly body through the circle of trees , coiling around us like a snake with a mouse , and fought to remain calm . 
 `` kenzie , '' i panted , trying to track the thing 's head through the branches . 
 my arms shook , and i focused on staying loose , holding my sticks in front of me . 
 `` stay in the center as much as you can . 
 do n't go near the edge of the trees . '' 
 the thing lunged again , snaking through the trunks , snapping at me . 
 thankfully , its body was just a bit too wide to maneuver at top speed , and i was able to dodge , cracking it in the skull as i did . 
 hissing , it pulled back , trying from a different , higher angle . 
 i ducked , stabbing it in the throat , wishing i had a knife or a blade instead of wooden sticks . 
 it gave an angry gurgle and backed out , eyeing me evilly through the trunks . 
 `` ethan ! '' 
 kenzie yelled , as the monster darted close again , `` behind you ! '' 
 before i could turn , a heavy coil snaked around my waist , slamming me back into a tree trunk , pinning me there . 
 i struggled , cursing myself for focusing solely on the monster 's head instead of the whole creature . 
 my right arm was pinned to my side ; i raised my left as the head snaked through the trees and came at me again . 
 timing it carefully , i stabbed up with the tip , jamming it into a slitted yellow eye . 
 screeching , the monster drew back . 
 with a hiss , it tightened its coils around my chest , cutting off my air . 
 i gasped for breath , punching the end of my rattan into the monster 's body , trying to struggle free . 
 it only squeezed harder , making my ribs creak painfully . 
 my lungs burned , and my vision began to go dark , a tunnel of hazy light that started to shrink . 
 the creature 's head drifted closer ; its tongue flicked out to brush my forehead , but i did n't have the strength to raise my weapon . 
 and then , kenzie stepped up and brought her iron key slashing down across the monster 's hurt eye . 
 instantly , the coils loosened as the monster reared up , screaming this time . 
 gasping , i dropped to my knees as it writhed and thrashed , scraping the side of its face against the trunk , snapping branches and smashing into the trees . 
 a flailing coil struck kenzie , knocking her back several feet . 
 i heard her gasp as she hit the ground , and tried to push myself upright , but the ground was still spinning and i sagged to my knees again . 
 cursing , i struggled to get up , to put myself between kenzie and the snake in case it turned on her . 
 but the iron key to the face seemed to have killed its appetite for humans . 
 with a final wail , the monster slithered off . 
 i watched it vanish into the undergrowth , then sagged in relief . 
 `` are you all right ? '' 
 kenzie dropped beside me , placing a slender hand on my arm . 
 i could feel it shaking . 
 i nodded , still trying to suck air into my burning lungs , feeling as if they 'd been crushed with a vise . 
 `` i 'm fine , '' i rasped , pulling myself to my feet . 
 kenzie rose , dusting herself off , and i stared at her in growing astonishment . 
 that thing had had me on the ropes , seconds away from being swallowed like a big mouse . 
 if she had n't been there , i 'd be dead right about now . 
 `` kenzie , i. . . '' 
 i hesitated , grateful , embarrassed and angry all at once . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 `` oh , no problem , '' kenzie replied with a shaky grin , though her voice trembled . 
 `` always happy to help with any giant snake monster issues that pop up . '' 
 i felt a weird pull somewhere in my stomach , and the sudden crazy urge to draw her close , to make sure we were both still alive . 
 uncomfortable , i retreated a step . 
 `` sorry about your camera , '' i muttered . 
 `` huh ? 
 oh . '' 
 she held up the device , now very broken from the fall , and gave a dramatic sigh . 
 `` well , it was n't working anyway . 
 besides ... '' she reached out and gently squeezed my arm . 
 `` i owed you one . '' 
 my mouth was dry again . 
 `` i 'll replace it . 
 once we get back to the real world - '' `` do n't worry about it , tough guy . '' 
 kenzie waved it off . 
 `` it 's just a camera . 
 and i think surviving an attack by a giant snake monster was more important . '' 
 `` lindwurm , '' came a voice above our heads , and grimalkin appeared in the branches , peering down at us . 
 `` that , '' he stated imperiously , `` was a lindwurm , and a rather young one at that . 
 an adult would have given you considerably more trouble . '' 
 he flicked his tail and dropped to the ground , wrinkling his nose as he gazed at us . 
 `` there might be others around , as well , so i suggest we keep moving . '' 
 i glared at the cat as we maneuvered through the trees again , wincing as my bruised ribs twinged . 
 `` you could n't have warned us any earlier ? '' 
 `` i tried , '' grimalkin replied with a sniff . 
 `` but you were too busy discussing hostile vegetation and how faeries are completely untrustworthy . 
 i practically had to yell to get your attention . '' 
 he glanced over his shoulder with a distinct i-told-you-so expression . 
 `` next time , when i suggest you move silently through a dangerous part of the nevernever , perhaps you will listen to me . '' 
 `` huh , '' kenzie muttered , walking along beside me . 
 `` you know , if all cats are like him , i 'm kinda glad they do n't talk . '' 
 `` that you know of , human , '' grimalkin returned mysteriously , and continued deeper into the wyldwood . 
 chapter twelve the border `` the iron realm is not far , now . '' 
 i glanced up from where i sat on a fallen log , hot , sweaty and still sore from the recent battle . 
 kenzie slumped beside me , leaning against my shoulder , making it hard to concentrate on what the cat was saying . 
 i did n't mind the contact-she was exhausted and probably just as sore-but i was n't used to having anyone this close , touching me , and it was ... distracting . 
 i do n't know how long we 'd been walking , but it felt like the hours were stretching out just for spite . 
 the wyldwood never changed ; it was still as dark , murky and endless as it had been when we started . 
 i did n't even know if we were walking in circles . 
 since fighting the lindwurm thing , i 'd seen a wood sprite , several more piskies and a single goblin who might 've given us trouble if he 'd been with his pack . 
 the short , warty fey had grinned evilly as it tried to block our path , but i 'd drawn my weapons and kenzie had stepped up beside me , glaring , and the goblin had suddenly decided it had other places to be . 
 a will-o ' - the-wisp had trailed us for several miles , trying to capture our attention so it could get us lost , but i 'd told kenzie to ignore the floating ball of light , and it eventually had given up . 
 i broke the last energy bar in half and handed the bigger part to kenzie , who sat up and took it with a murmur of thanks . 
 `` how far ? '' 
 i asked grimalkin , biting into my half . 
 the cat began grooming his tail , ignoring me . 
 i resisted the urge to throw a rock at him . 
 i glanced at kenzie . 
 she sat hunched forward , her forearms resting on her knees , chewing methodically . 
 there were circles under her eyes and a streak of mud across her cheek , but she had n't complained once through the entire march . 
 in fact , she had been very quiet ever since the fight with the lindwurm . 
 she saw me looking and managed a tired smile , bumping her shoulder against mine . 
 `` so , we 're almost there , huh ? '' 
 she said , brushing a strand of hair from her face . 
 `` i hope it 's less ... woodsy than this place . 
 do you know much about it ? '' 
 `` unfortunately , '' i muttered . 
 machina 's tower , the gremlins , the iron knights , the stark , blasted wasteland . 
 i remembered it all as if it was yesterday . 
 `` it 's not as woodsy , but the iron realm is n't pleasant , either . 
 it 's where the iron fey live . '' 
 `` see , that 's where i 'm confused , '' kenzie said , shifting to face me . 
 `` everything i researched said faeries are allergic to iron . '' 
 she held up the iron key . 
 `` that 's why this thing worked so well , right ? '' 
 `` yes , '' i said . 
 `` and they are . 
 at least , the normal faeries are . 
 but the iron fey are different . 
 the fey-the entire nevernever , actually-comes from us , from our dreams and imagination , as cheesy as that sounds . 
 the traditional faeries are the ones you read about in the old myths-shakespeare and the grimm brothers , for example . 
 but , during the past hundred years or so , we 've been ... er ... dreaming of other things . 
 so , the iron fey are a little more modern . '' 
 `` modern ? '' 
 `` you 'll see when we get there . '' 
 `` huh , '' kenzie said , considering . 
 `` and you said the place is ruled by a queen ? '' 
 `` yeah , '' i said , quickly standing up . 
 `` the iron queen . '' 
 `` any idea what she 's like ? '' 
 kenzie stood , too , unaware of my burning face . 
 `` i 've read about queen mab and titania , of course , but i 've never heard of the iron queen . '' 
 `` i dunno , '' i lied and walked over to grimalkin , who was watching with amused golden eyes , the hint of a smile on his whiskered face . 
 i shot a warning glare at the feline , hoping he would remain silent . 
 `` come on , cat . 
 the sooner we get there , the sooner we can leave . '' 
 we started off again , pushing through the trees , following the seemingly tireless cait sith as he glided through the undergrowth . 
 kenzie walked next to me , her eyes weary and dull , barely looking up from the ground . 
 a tiny faery with a mushroom cap peeked at us from a nearby branch , but she did n't even glance at it a second time . 
 either the overwhelming weirdness of the nevernever had driven her to a kind of numb acceptance or she was too tired to give a crap . 
 the tangled woods started to thin as the gray twilight was finally fading , giving way to night . 
 fireflies or faery lights began appearing through the trees , blinking yellow , blue and green . 
 grimalkin stopped at the base of a tall black tree and turned to face us . 
 i frowned as he swatted at a blue light , which zipped off into the woods with a buzz . 
 `` why are we stopping ? 
 should n't we get out of the wyldwood before night falls and the really nasty things start coming out ? '' 
 `` you do not know where you are , do you ? '' 
 grimalkin purred . 
 i gave him an irritated look , and he yawned . 
 `` of course not . 
 this , '' he stated , waving his tail languidly , `` is the border of the iron realm . 
 you are at the very edge of the iron queen 's territory . '' 
 `` what , right here ? '' 
 i looked around but could n't see anything unusual . 
 just black woods and a few blinking lights . 
 `` how can you tell ? 
 there 's nothing here . '' 
 `` one moment , '' the cat mused , a smug grin in his voice . 
 `` it should not be long . '' 
 i sighed . 
 `` we do n't really have time for ... '' i trailed off , as the tree behind grimalkin flickered , then blazed with light . 
 kenzie gasped as neon lights erupted along the branches , like christmas bulbs or those fiberglass trees in department stores . 
 there were no wires or extension cords ; the bulbs were growing right out of the branches . 
 as the tree lit up , a swarm of multicolored fireflies spiraled up from the leaves and scattered to all parts of the forest , drifting around us like stray fireworks . 
 i blinked , dazzled by the display . 
 around us , the trees glimmered silver ; trunks , leaves , branches and twigs shining as if they were made of polished metal . 
 they reflected the drifting lights and turned the woods into a swirling galaxy of stars . 
 `` ethan , '' kenzie breathed , staring transfixed at her arm . 
 a tiny green bug perched on her wrist , blinking erratically . 
 its fragile body glittered in its own light , metallic and shiny , before it buzzed delicate transparent wings and zipped away into the woods . 
 kenzie held up her hand , and several more tiny lights hovered around her , landing on her fingers and making them glow . 
 for a second , i could n't look away . 
 my heartbeat picked up , and my mouth was suddenly dry , watching the girl in the center of the winking cloud , smiling as the tiny lights landed in her hair or perched on her arm . 
 she was beautiful . 
 `` okay , '' i muttered , tearing my gaze away before she noticed i was staring , `` i can admit it-that 's pretty cool . '' 
 grimalkin sniffed . 
 `` so pleased you approve , '' he said . 
 i frowned at him through the swirling lights , waving away several bugs drifting around my face . 
 it occurred to me that we were on our own , now . 
 like the rest of the normal fey , grimalkin could n't set foot in the iron realm . 
 meghan 's kingdom was still deadly to the rest of the nevernever-only the iron fey could live there without poisoning themselves . 
 grimalkin was showing us the border because he planned to leave us here . 
 `` how far to the iron queen from here ? '' 
 i asked . 
 the cat flicked a bug off his tail . 
 `` still a few days by foot . 
 do not worry , though . 
 beyond this rise is a place that will take you to mag tuiredh , the site of the iron court , much faster than humans can walk . '' 
 `` i suppose this is where you leave , '' i said . 
 `` do not be ridiculous , human . '' 
 the cat yawned and stood up . 
 `` of course i am coming with you . 
 besides your being highly amusing , the favor dictates that i see you all the way to mag tuiredh and dump you at the iron queen 's feet . 
 after that , you become her problem , but i will see you there , first . '' 
 `` you ca n't go into the iron realm . 
 it 'll kill you . '' 
 grimalkin gave me a bored look , turned and stalked off . 
 past the border and into the iron realm . 
 i hurried after him , kenzie on my heels . 
 `` wait , '' i said , catching up to him , frowning . 
 `` i know the iron realm is deadly to normal fey . 
 how are you doing this ? '' 
 grimalkin paused , looking over his shoulder with glowing , half-lidded eyes . 
 his tail waved lazily . 
 `` there are things about this world that you do not realize , human , '' he purred . 
 `` events that took place years ago , when the iron queen rose to power , still shape this world today . 
 you do not know as much as you think you do . 
 besides ... '' he blinked , raising his head imperiously . 
 `` i am a cat . '' 
 and that was the end of it . 
 the fireflies continued to light up the forest as we walked on , blinking through leaves and branches , glinting off the trunks . 
 trees with flickering light bulbs illuminated the path to wherever grimalkin was taking us . 
 kenzie kept staring at them , the amazement and disbelief back on her face . 
 `` this ... is impossible , '' she murmured once , brushing her fingers over a glittering trunk . 
 small glowing bulbs sprouted overhead like clusters of christmas lights . 
 streetlamps grew right out of the dirt , lighting the path . 
 `` how ... how can this be real ? '' 
 `` this is the iron realm , '' i told her . 
 `` it 's still faery , just a different flavor of crazy . '' 
 before she could answer , the trees fell away , and we found ourselves at the top of a rise , staring down at the lights of a small village on the edge of a massive lake . 
 it looked sort of like a gypsy town or a carnival , all lit up with torches and strings of colored lights . 
 thatched huts stood on posts rising out of the water , and wooden bridges crisscrossed the spaces between . 
 creatures of all shapes and sizes roamed the walkways above the water . 
 at the edge of the town , a railroad arched away over the lake , vanishing to a point somewhere on the horizon . 
 `` what is this place ? '' 
 i muttered , as kenzie pressed close to my back , peering over my shoulder . 
 grimalkin sat down and curled his tail over his feet . 
 `` this is a border town , one of many along the edge of the iron realm . 
 i forget its exact name , if it even has one . 
 many iron fey gather here , for one reason . '' 
 he raised a hind leg and scratched an ear . 
 `` do you see the railroad , human ? '' 
 `` what about it ? '' 
 `` that will take you straight to mag tuiredh , the site of the iron court and the seat of the iron queen 's power . 
 it costs nothing to board , and anyone may use it . 
 the railroad was one of the first improvements the queen made when she took the throne . 
 she wished for everyone to have a safe way to travel to mag tuiredh from anywhere in the iron realm . '' 
 `` we 're going down there ? '' 
 kenzie asked , her eyes big as she stared at the creatures roaming about the bridges . 
 grimalkin sniffed . 
 `` do you see another way to get to the railroad , human ? '' 
 `` but ... what about the faeries ? '' 
 `` i doubt they will bother you , '' the cat replied , unconcerned . 
 `` they see many travelers through this part of town . 
 do not speak to anyone , get on the train , and you will be fine . '' 
 he raised a hind leg to scratch his ear . 
 `` that is where i will meet you , when you finally decide to show up . '' 
 `` you 're not coming ? '' 
 grimalkin curled his whiskers in distaste . 
 `` outside of mag tuiredh , i try to avoid contact with the denizens of the iron realm , '' he said in a lofty voice . 
 `` it circumvents tiresome , unnecessary questions . 
 besides , i can not hold your hands the entire way to the iron queen . '' 
 he sniffed and stood up , waving his tail . 
 `` the train will arrive soon . 
 do try not to miss it , humans . '' 
 without another word , he disappeared . 
 kenzie sighed , muttering something about impossible felines . 
 and i realized , suddenly , that she looked very pale and tired in the moonlight . 
 there were shadows under her eyes , and her cheeks looked hollow , wasted . 
 her normal boundless energy seemed to have deserted her as she rubbed her arm and gazed down the slope , shivering in the cold breeze . 
 `` so , '' she said , turning to me . 
 even her smile looked weary as she stood at the edge of the rise , the wind ruffling her hair . 
 `` head into the creepy faery town , talk to the creepy faery conductor and board the creepy faery train , because a talking cat told us to . '' 
 `` are you all right ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` you do n't look so good . '' 
 `` just tired . 
 come on , let 's go already . '' 
 she backed up a step , avoiding my eyes , but as she turned , i saw something in the moonlight that made my stomach clench . 
 `` kenzie , wait ! '' 
 striding forward , i caught her arm as gently as i could . 
 she tried squirming from my grip , but i pulled back her sleeve to reveal a massive purple stripe , stretching from her shoulder almost to her elbow . 
 a dark , sullen blotch marring her otherwise flawless skin . 
 i sucked in a horrified breath . 
 `` when did you get this ? '' 
 i demanded , angry that she had n't told me , and that i had n't noticed it until now . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 `` it 's fine , ethan . '' 
 she yanked her arm back and tugged her sleeve down . 
 `` it 's nothing . 
 i got it when we were fighting the lindwurm thing . '' 
 `` why did n't you say anything ? '' 
 `` because it 's not a big deal ! '' 
 kenzie shrugged . 
 `` ethan , trust me , i 'm all right . 
 i bruise easily , that 's all . '' 
 but she did n't look at me when she said it . 
 `` i get them all the time , now can we please go ? 
 like grim said , we do n't want to miss the train . '' 
 `` kenzie ... '' but she was already gone , dropping down the rise without looking back , striding merrily toward the lights and the railroad and the town of iron fey . 
 i blew out a frustrated breath and hurried to catch up . 
 after picking our way down the slope , we entered the town . 
 kenzie gazed around in wonder , her weariness forgotten , while i gripped my rattan and tensed every time something came near . 
 iron fey surrounded us , weird , crazy and nightmarish . 
 creatures made entirely of twisted wire . 
 a well-dressed figure in a top hat , holding the leash of a ticking clockwork hound . 
 an old woman with the body of a giant spider scuttled past , her metallic , needlelike legs clicking over the wood . 
 kenzie let out a squeak and squeezed my hand , nearly crushing my fingers , until the spider-thing had disappeared . 
 we were getting stared at . 
 despite what grimalkin said , the iron fey were taking notice of us , and why not ? 
 it was n't every day two humans strolled through their town , looking decidedly mortal and un-fey . 
 strangely enough , no one tried to stop us as we maneuvered the swaying bridges and walkways , passing shacks and odd-looking stores , feeling glowing fey eyes on my back . 
 until we reached a large , circular deck where several walkways converged . 
 i could see the railroad at the edge of town , stretching out over the lake . 
 but as we headed toward it , a hunched figure dressed in rags suddenly reached out and grabbed kenzie 's wrist as she passed , making her yelp . 
 i spun , whipping my rattan down , striking the arm that held her , and the faery let go with a raspy cry . 
 shaking its fingers , it crept forward again , and i shoved kenzie behind me , meeting the faery with my sticks raised . 
 `` humans , '' it hissed , and several rusty screws dropped out of its rags as it circled . 
 `` humans have something for me , yes ? 
 a pocket watch ? 
 a lovely phone ? '' 
 it raised its head , revealing a face put together with bits and pieces of machinery . 
 one eye was a glowing bulb , the other the head of a copper screw . 
 a mouth made of wires smiled at us as the thing eased forward . 
 `` stay , '' it urged , as kenzie recoiled in shock . 
 `` stay and share . '' 
 `` back off , '' i warned , but a crowd was forming now , fey that had simply been watching before easing forward . 
 they surrounded us on the platform , not lunging or attacking , but preventing us from going any farther . 
 i kept an eye on both them and the machine-scrap faery ; if they wanted a fight , i 'd be happy to oblige . 
 `` stay , '' urged the faery in rags , still circling us , smiling . 
 `` stay and talk . 
 we help each other , yes ? '' 
 a piercing whistle rent the air , drawing the attention of several fey . 
 moments later , an enormous train appeared over the lake , trailing billowing clouds of smoke as it chugged closer . 
 bulky and massive , leaking smoke and steam everywhere , it pulled into the station with a roar and a screech of rusty gears before shuddering to a halt . 
 several faeries began making their way toward the huge , smoking engine , as a copper-skinned faery in a conductor 's uniform stepped out front , waving them forward . 
 the crowd thinned a bit , but not enough . 
 `` dammit , i do n't want to have to fight our way out , '' i growled , keeping an eye on the fey surrounding us . 
 `` but we need to get to that train now . '' 
 the faery in rags eased closer , as if he feared we would turn and run . 
 `` this one is n't going to let us go , '' i said , feeling my muscles tense , and gripped my weapons . 
 `` kenzie , stay back . 
 this could get ugly . '' 
 `` wait . '' 
 kenzie grabbed my sleeve , a second before i would 've lunged forward and cracked the fey in the skull . 
 pulling me to the side , she stepped forward and stripped off her camera . 
 `` here , '' she told the ragged fey , holding it out . 
 `` you want a trade , right ? 
 is this good enough ? '' 
 the iron faery blinked , then reached out and snatched the camera , wire lips stretched into a grin . 
 `` ooooh , '' it cooed , clutching it to its chest . 
 `` pretty . 
 so generous , little human . '' 
 it shook the camera experimentally and frowned . 
 `` broken ? '' 
 `` um ... yeah , '' kenzie admitted , and i tensed , ready to step in with force if the thing took offense . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 the faery grinned again . 
 `` good trade ! '' 
 it rasped , tucking the camera into its robes . 
 `` good trade . 
 we approve . 
 luck on your travels , little humans . '' 
 with a hissing cackle , it hobbled down a walkway and vanished into the town . 
 the crowd began to disperse , and i slowly relaxed . 
 kenzie pushed her hair back with a shaking hand and sighed in relief . 
 `` well , there go the pictures for this week 's sports article , '' she said wryly . 
 `` but , if you think about it , that camera has more than paid for itself today . 
 i 'm just sad no one will get to see your mad kali skills . '' 
 i lowered my sticks . 
 that was twice now that kenzie 's quick thinking had gotten us out of trouble . 
 another few seconds , and i would 've been in a fight . 
 with a faery . 
 in the middle of a faery town . 
 not one of my smarter moments . 
 `` how did you know what it wanted ? '' 
 i asked as we headed toward the station again . 
 kenzie gave me an exasperated look . 
 `` really , ethan , you 're supposed to know this stuff . 
 faeries like gifts , all the google articles say so . 
 and since we do n't have any jars of honey or small children , i figured the camera was the best bet . '' 
 she chuckled and rolled her eyes at me . 
 `` this does n't have to be a fight all the way to the iron queen , tough guy . 
 next time , let 's try talking to the faeries before the sticks come out . '' 
 i would 've said something , except ... i was kind of speechless . 
 * * * we boarded the train without trouble , receiving only a brief glare from the conductor , and made our way to a deserted car near the back . 
 hard wooden pews sat under the windows , but there were a few private boxes as well , and after a few minutes of searching , we managed to find an empty one . 
 sliding in behind kenzie , i quickly shut the doors , locked them and lowered the blind over the window . 
 kenzie sank down on one of the benches , leaning against the glass . 
 i followed her gaze , seeing the glittering metal of the tracks stretch out over the dark waters until they were lost from view . 
 `` how long do you think it 'll be before we 're there ? '' 
 kenzie asked , still gazing out the window . 
 `` what is this place called again ? '' 
 `` mag tuiredh , '' i replied , sitting beside her . 
 `` and i do n't know . 
 hopefully not long . '' 
 `` hopefully , '' kenzie agreed , and murmured in a softer voice , `` i wonder what my dad is doing right now ? '' 
 with a huff , the train began to move , chugging noisily at first , then smoothing out as it picked up speed . 
 the lights of the village fell away until nothing could be seen outside the window but the flat , silvery expanse of the lake and the stars glittering overhead . 
 `` i hope grimalkin made it on , '' kenzie said , her voice slurred and exhausted . 
 she shifted against the window , crossing her arms . 
 `` you think he 's here like he said he would be ? '' 
 `` who knows ? '' 
 i watched her try to get comfortable for a few seconds , then scooted over , closing the distance between us . 
 `` here , '' i offered , pulling her back against my shoulder . 
 with everything she 'd done for us , the least i could do was let her sleep . 
 she leaned into me with a grateful sigh , soft strands of hair brushing my arm . 
 `` i would n't worry about the cat , '' i went on , shifting to give her a more comfortable position . 
 `` if he made it , he made it . 
 if not , there 's nothing we can do about it . '' 
 she did n't say anything for a while , closing her eyes , and i pretended to watch the shadows outside the window , hyperaware of her head on my shoulder , her slim hand on my knee . 
 `` mool onyurleg , m ` surry , '' kenzie mumbled , sounding half-asleep . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` i said , if i drool on your leg , i 'm sorry , '' she repeated . 
 i chuckled at that , making her crack an eye open . 
 `` oh , wow , the broody one can laugh after all , '' she murmured , one corner of her mouth curling up . 
 `` maybe we should alert the media . '' 
 smirking , i looked down , ready to give a smart-ass reply . 
 and suddenly , my breath caught at how close our faces were , her lips just a few inches from mine . 
 if i ducked my head just slightly , i would kiss her . 
 her hair was brushing my skin , the feathery strands tickling my neck , and the fingers on my leg were very warm . 
 kenzie did n't move , continuing to watch me with a faint smile . 
 i wondered if she knew what she was doing , or if she was waiting to see what i would do . 
 i swallowed and carefully tilted my head back , removing the temptation . 
 `` go to sleep . '' 
 i told her . 
 she sniffed . 
 `` bossy . '' 
 but her eyes closed , and a few minutes later , a soft snore escaped her parted lips . 
 i crossed my arms , leaned back , and prepared for a long , uncomfortable ride to mag tuiredh . 
 * * * when i opened my eyes , it was light , and the sky through the window was mottled with sun and clouds . 
 groggily , i scanned the rest of the car , wondering if any faeries had crept up on us while i was asleep , but it seemed we were still alone . 
 my neck ached , and part of my leg was numb . 
 i had drifted off with my chin on my chest , arms still crossed . 
 i started to stretch but froze . 
 kenzie had somehow curled up on the tiny bench and was sleeping with her head on my leg . 
 for a few seconds , i watched her , the rise and fall of her slim body , the sun falling over her face . 
 seeing her like that filled me with a fierce protectiveness , an almost painful desire to keep her safe . 
 she mumbled something and shifted closer , and i reached down , brushing the hair from her cheek . 
 realizing what i was doing , i pulled my hand back , clenching my fists . 
 dammit , what was happening to me ? 
 i could not be falling for this girl . 
 it was dangerous for the both of us . 
 when we did go back to the mortal world , kenzie would return to her old life and her old friends and her family , and i would do the same . 
 she did not need someone like me hanging around , someone who attracted chaos and misery , who could n't stay out of trouble no matter how hard he tried . 
 i 'd already ruined one girl 's life . 
 i would not do that again . 
 even if i had to make her hate me , i would not do to kenzie what i 'd done to sam . 
 `` hey , '' i said , jostling her shoulder . 
 `` wake up . '' 
 she groaned , hunching her shoulders against my prodding . 
 `` two more minutes , mom . '' 
 it was mean , but i scooted away from her , letting her head thump to the bench . 
 `` ow ! '' 
 she yelped , sitting up and rubbing her skull . 
 `` what the hell , ethan ? '' 
 i nodded out the window , ignoring the immediate stab of remorse . 
 `` we 're almost there . '' 
 kenzie still frowned at me , but when she looked out the glass , her eyes went wide . 
 mag tuiredh . 
 the iron court . 
 i 'd never been there , never seen it . 
 i 'd only learned of the city from stories , rumors i 'd heard over years of existing among the fey . 
 meghan herself had never told me where she lived and ruled from , though i 'd asked her countless times before she disappeared . 
 she did n't want me to know , to imagine it , to get ideas in my head that might lead me there , looking for her . 
 i had imagined it , of course . 
 but as an ugly monstrosity , the images tainted by the memory of a stark black tower in the center of a blasted wasteland . 
 the city at the end of the railroad tracks was anything but . 
 it was old , even from this distance , i could see that . 
 stone walls and mossy roofs , vines coiled around everything . 
 trees pushing up through rock , roots draped and curled around stone . 
 some of the buildings were huge-massively huge . 
 not sprawling so much as they looked as if they were built by a race of giants . 
 but the city gleamed , too . 
 sunlight glinted off metal spires , lights glimmered in the haze and steam , glass windows caught the faint rays and reflected them back into the sky . 
 it reminded me of a city under construction , with sleek metal towers rising up among the ancient moss - and vine-covered buildings . 
 and above it all , gleaming spires stabbing into the clouds , the silhouette of a huge castle stood proud and imposing over mag tuiredh , like a glittering mountain . 
 the home of the iron queen . 
 * * * the train came to a wheezing , clanking , chugging halt at the station . 
 gazing out the window , i narrowed my eyes . 
 there were a lot more iron fey here than at the tiny border town on the lake , a lot of guards and faeries in armor . 
 knights with the symbol of a great iron tree on their breastplates stood at attention or roamed the streets in pairs , keeping an eye on the populace . 
 `` well ? '' 
 came a familiar voice from behind us , and we jerked around . 
 grimalkin sat on the bench across from us , watching us lazily . 
 `` are you just going to sit there until the train starts moving again ? '' 
 `` where do we go from here ? '' 
 kenzie asked , peeking out the window again . 
 `` i guess we ca n't hail a taxi , right ? '' 
 grimalkin sighed . 
 `` this way , '' he said , walking along the edge of the bench before dropping to the ground . 
 `` i will take you to the iron queen 's palace . '' 
 the palace , i thought , as we followed grimalkin down the aisle toward the doors up front . 
 i knew the huge castle must be hers . 
 it was just hard to imagine meghan living in a palace now . 
 must be nice . 
 better than a rundown farmhouse or little home in the suburbs , anyway . 
 following grimalkin , we stepped through the doors and walked down the steps into the hazy streets of mag tuiredh . 
 aside from the crowds of fey , it was difficult to believe we were still in the nevernever . 
 mag tuiredh reminded me a little of victorian england-the steampunk version . 
 the streets were cobblestone and lined with flickering lanterns in hues of blue and green . 
 carriages stood at the edge of the sidewalks , pulled by strange , mechanical horses of bright metal and copper gears . 
 buildings crowded the narrow streets , some stony and vine-ridden and gothic , others decidedly more modern . 
 pipes crisscrossed the sky overhead , leaking steam that trickled to the ground in lacy curtains . 
 and , of course , there were the iron fey , looking as if they 'd stepped straight out of an alchemist 's nightmare . 
 they stared at us as if we were the nightmares , the monsters , watching and whispering as we trailed grimalkin through the cobblestone paths . 
 the cat was nearly invisible in the haze and falling steam , as difficult to glimpse as a shadow in the wyldwood . 
 i kept a tight grip on my weapons , glaring back at any fey who gave me a funny look . 
 we were even more conspicuous here than we 'd been at the border village . 
 i hoped we could get to meghan before anyone stepped up to challenge the two humans strolling through the middle of the faery capital . 
 yeah , that was n't going to happen . 
 as we passed beneath a stone archway , clanking footsteps rang out and a squad of faery knights stepped up to block our path . 
 weapons drawn , they surrounded us , a ring of bristling steel , their faces cold and hard beneath their helmets . 
 i pulled kenzie close , trying to keep her behind me , swinging my own weapons into a ready stance . 
 grimalkin , i noticed , had disappeared , and i cursed him under my breath . 
 fey gathered behind the knights , watching and murmuring , as the tension swelled and unspoken violence hung thick on the air . 
 `` humans . '' 
 a knight stepped forward , pointing at me with his sword . 
 he had a sharp face , pointed ears , and was covered head to toe in plate mail . 
 his expression beneath the open helmet was decidedly unfriendly . 
 `` how did you get into mag tuiredh ? 
 why are you here ? '' 
 `` i 'm here to see the iron queen , '' i returned , not lowering my weapons , though i had no idea what i could do against so many armored knights . 
 i did n't think beating on them with a pair of wooden sticks would penetrate that thick steel . 
 not to mention , they had very sharp swords and lances , all pointed in our direction . 
 `` i do n't want any trouble . 
 i just want to talk to meghan . 
 if you tell her i 'm here - '' an angry murmur went through the ranks of fey . 
 `` you can not just walk into the palace and demand an audience with the queen , mortal , '' the knight said , swelling indignantly . 
 `` who are you , to demand such things , to speak as if you know her ? '' 
 he leveled his sword at my throat before i could reply . 
 `` surrender now , intruders . 
 we will take you to the first lieutenant . 
 he will decide your fate . '' 
 `` hold ! '' 
 ordered a voice , and the knights straightened immediately . 
 the ranks parted , and a faery came through , glaring at them . 
 instead of armor , he wore a uniform of black and gray , the silhouette of the same iron tree on his shoulder . 
 his spiky black hair bristled like porcupine quills , and neon strands of lightning flickered and snapped between them . 
 as he came into the circle , he nodded to me in a genuine show of respect , before turning on the knight . 
 violet eyes glimmered as he stared him down . 
 `` what is the meaning of this ? '' 
 `` first lieutenant ! '' 
 the knight jerked to attention as the rest of the knights did the same . 
 `` sir ! 
 we have apprehended these two mortal intruders . 
 they were on their way to the palace , saying they wished an audience with the iron queen . 
 we thought it best if we brought them to you . 
 the boy claims to know her - '' `` of course he does ! '' 
 the faery snapped , scowling , and the knight paled . 
 `` i know who he is , though it is apparent that you do not . '' 
 `` sir ? '' 
 `` stand down , '' said the first lieutenant , and raised his voice , addressing all the faeries watching this little spectacle . 
 `` all of you , stand down ! 
 bow to your prince ! '' 
 uh . 
 what ? 
 chapter thirteen the iron prince `` prince ? '' 
 i could feel kenzie 's disbelieving stare as all the fey surrounding us , knights , civilians and guards alike , lowered their heads and bent at the waist or sank to their knees . 
 including the first lieutenant , who put a fist over his heart as he bowed . 
 i wanted to tell them all to stop , to not bother , but it was too late . 
 oh , great . 
 i can already hear the questions this is going to bring on . 
 `` prince ethan , '' the lieutenant said , straightening again . 
 the knights sheathed their weapons , and a glare from a few of the armored fey quickly dispersed the crowd . 
 `` this is a surprise . 
 please excuse my guards . 
 we were not expecting you . 
 are you here to see your sister ? '' 
 `` sister ? '' 
 kenzie echoed behind me , her voice climbing several octaves . 
 i resisted the urge to groan . 
 `` it 's ... glitch , right ? '' 
 i asked , dragging the name up from memory . 
 glitch was something of a legend even in the real world , the rebel iron faery who 'd joined with meghan in defeating the false king . 
 i 'd seen him once or twice in the past , hanging around the house like a worried bodyguard when meghan came to visit . 
 i did n't mind his presence that much ; it was another figure i hated , another faery who sometimes waited in the shadows for his queen to return , who never came into the house . 
 he was a legend , too , even more so than glitch , as one of the three who had taken down the false king and stopped the war . 
 he was also the only normal fey -lrb- besides grimalkin , apparently -rrb- who could survive in the iron realm . 
 the rumors of how he 'd accomplished such an impossible task were long and varied , but the reason behind it was always the same . 
 because he 'd fallen in love with the iron queen and would do anything to be with her . 
 including take her away from her family , i thought as the old , familiar anger spread through my chest . 
 including making sure she never leaves faery . 
 it 's because of you that she stayed , and it 's because of you that she 's gone . 
 if you had n't shown up that night to take her back , she would still be in the real world . 
 but glitch was still waiting for an answer and probably would n't appreciate my feelings concerning his boss . 
 `` yeah , i came to see meghan , '' i said , shrugging . 
 `` sorry , we could n't call ahead of time . 
 she probably does n't know i 'm here . '' 
 glitch nodded . 
 `` i will inform her majesty right away . 
 if you and your ... friend - '' the faery lieutenant glanced at kenzie '' - would come with me , i will take you to the iron queen . '' 
 he gestured for us to follow , and we trailed him down the cobblestone paths as crowds of iron fey parted for us , bowing as we passed . 
 the knights fell into rank behind us , their clanking echoing through the streets . 
 i tried to ignore them and the way my stomach squirmed with every step that brought us closer to the palace and the iron queen . 
 `` if you do n't mind my asking , sire , '' glitch continued , glancing back . 
 his purple eyes regarded us with curious appraisal . 
 `` how did you cross over from the mortal world ? '' 
 `` my doing , '' purred another familiar voice , and grimalkin appeared , walking along the edge of a stone wall . 
 glitch looked up and sighed . 
 `` hello again , cat , '' he said , not sounding entirely pleased . 
 `` why am i not surprised to see you involved ? 
 what have you been scheming lately ? '' 
 the cat very deliberately ignored that question , pretending to be occupied with the tiny glittering moths that flitted around the streetlamps . 
 glitch shook his head , making the lightning in his hair flicker , then stopped at a corner and raised an arm . 
 a horse and carriage pulled up , both looking decidedly mechanical , the horse 's body made of shifting copper gears and bright metal . 
 the driver , green-skinned beneath his black-and-white coat , tipped his top hat at us . 
 the clockwork dog sitting beside him thumped a wiry tail . 
 grimalkin observed the carriage from atop the stone wall and wrinkled his nose . 
 `` i believe i will find my own way to the palace , '' he stated , blinking in a bored manner as he looked down at me . 
 `` human , please attempt to stay out of trouble for the last leg of the journey . 
 mag tuiredh is not that big a place to become lost in . 
 do not make me have to come find you again . '' 
 glitch 's spines bristled . 
 `` i will make sure the prince gets to the palace , cait sith , '' he snapped , sounding indignant . 
 `` any kin of the iron queen in mag tuiredh becomes my top priority . 
 he will be perfectly safe here , i assure you . '' 
 `` oh , well , if you say so , lieutenant , then it must be true . '' 
 with a sniff , the cat disappeared , dropping off the wall and vanishing midleap . 
 sighing , glitch pulled open the door and nodded for us to get in . 
 i climbed aboard , and kenzie followed as the first lieutenant helped her up the steps , then closed the door behind us . 
 `` i will ride ahead and meet you at the palace , '' he told us through the window , and stepped back to the curb . 
 `` the queen will be informed of your arrival right away . 
 welcome to mag tuiredh , prince ethan . '' 
 he bowed once more , and the carriage started to move , taking his figure from sight . 
 i stared out the window , watching the city of mag tuiredh scroll by , feeling kenzie 's gaze piercing my back . 
 i knew it would n't be long before she started asking questions , and i was right . 
 `` prince ? '' 
 she said softly , and i closed my eyes . 
 `` you 're the prince of this place ? 
 you never told me that . '' 
 i sighed , turning to meet her bewildered , accusing gaze . 
 `` i did n't think it was important . '' 
 `` not important ? '' 
 kenzie 's eyes bugged , and she threw up her hands . 
 `` ethan , you 're a freaking prince of faeryland , and you did n't think that was important ? '' 
 `` i 'm not a real prince , '' i insisted . 
 `` it 's not like you think . 
 i 'm not part faery , i 'm just ... related to the queen . '' 
 kenzie stared at me , waiting , and i stabbed my fingers through my hair . 
 `` the iron queen ... '' i sighed again and finally came out with it . 
 `` she 's my half sister , meghan . '' 
 her mouth dropped open . 
 `` and you could n't have mentioned that earlier ? '' 
 `` no , i did n't want to talk about it ! '' 
 i turned away to stare out the window again . 
 mag tuiredh looked both bright and dark in the hazy light , a glittering realm of shadows and steam , stone and metal . 
 `` i have n't seen meghan in years , '' i said in a quieter voice . 
 `` i do n't know what she 's like anymore . 
 she told me to stay away from her , that she was cutting my whole family out of her life . 
 comes with being a faery queen , i guess . '' 
 i heard the bitterness in my voice and struggled to control it . 
 `` i did n't want you to associate me with ... them , '' i told kenzie . 
 `` not like that . '' 
 kenzie was quiet for a moment . 
 then , `` so ... when you were kidnapped , and your sister went into the nevernever to rescue you ... '' `` long story short , she became the iron queen , yeah . '' 
 `` and ... you blame them for taking her away . 
 that 's why you hate them . '' 
 my throat felt suspiciously tight . 
 i swallowed hard to open it . 
 `` no , '' i growled , clenching my fist against the windowsill . 
 `` i blame her . '' 
 * * * the iron queen 's palace soared over the rest of the buildings in the city , a huge pointed structure of glass , stone and steel . 
 banners emblazoned with the great iron tree flapped in the wind , and the path to the front gate was lined with enormous oaks , forming a tunnel of branches , leaves and lights . 
 it was the strangest castle i 'd ever seen , not really ancient or completely modern but caught somewhere between the two . 
 it had mossy stone turrets , crawling with vines , but also towers of shining glass and steel , catching the sunlight as they stabbed toward the sky . 
 a pair of iron knights bowed their heads as the carriage rolled through the gate into the courtyard , so apparently we were expected . 
 past the gates , the road circled a massive green lawn strewn with metal trees , their leaves and branches glittering like tinsel as the light caught them . 
 the stone walls of the castle rose up on either side , patrolled by more iron knights . 
 a small pond sat in the center of the courtyard , making me wonder what kind of fish swam beneath those waters . 
 iron goldfish , perhaps ? 
 metallic turtles ? 
 i smirked at the thought . 
 movement under one of the trees caught my attention . 
 two figures circled each other beneath the branches of a silver pine , a pair of swords held in front of them . 
 one was easily recognizable as an iron knight , his armor and huge broadsword gleaming as he bore down on his opponent . 
 the other combatant was smaller , slighter and not wearing any armor as he danced around the much larger knight . 
 he looked about my age , with bright silver hair tied back in a ponytail and an elegant curved blade in his hand . 
 and he knew how to move . 
 long years of watching guro javier made me appreciate a skilled fighter when i saw one . 
 this kid reminded me of him : flowing , agile , deadly accurate . 
 the knight lunged at him , stabbing at his head . 
 he stepped aside , disarmed the knight faster than thought and pointed the blade at his throat . 
 damn . 
 he might even be faster than me . 
 as the carriage clopped past the fighters , the boy raised a hand to his opponent and turned to watch us . 
 the eyes under his silver brows were far too bright , a piercing ice-blue that made my skin crawl . 
 he was fey , and gentry , that much was certain . 
 i did n't need to see the tips of his pointed ears to know that . 
 he watched me with a faint , puzzled smile , until the carriage took us around a bend in the road and he was lost from view . 
 we came to the steps of the palace and lurched to a halt . 
 a tiny creature with a wrinkled face , carrying an enormous pile of junk on his hunched shoulders , stood waiting with a squad of knights as the carriage clanked and groaned and finally stilled . 
 `` prince ethan , '' it squeaked as we climbed down from the carriage . 
 it had an odd accent , as if english was n't its first language . 
 `` welcome to mag tuiredh . 
 my name is fix , and i will be your escort to the throne room . 
 please , come with me . 
 the iron queen is expecting you . '' 
 my stomach churned , but i swallowed my nervousness and followed the creature across the road , up the steps and through the massive iron doors to the palace . 
 things sort of went to hell from there . 
 * * * meghan 's castle was pretty impressive , even i had to admit . 
 i was expecting it to be old and slightly run-down on the inside , but the interior was bright and cheerful and very modern . 
 though it did have a few strange features that reminded you that this was still faery , no matter what . 
 the hallway of trees , for one , with glowing bulbs lighting the way through metal branches . 
 and the computer mice that scurried over the floors on tiny red feet , chased by gremlins and clockwork hounds . 
 one wall was covered in enormous brass and copper gears that , from what i could tell , served no purpose except to fill the air with deafening creaks , ticks and groans . 
 kenzie stayed close to me as we followed the iron faery through the hallways , but she could n't stop staring at our surroundings , her eyes wide with amazement . 
 i refused to be as captivated , glaring at the iron fey passing us in the halls , trying to keep track of directions in this huge place . 
 fix finally led us down a long , brightly lit corridor , where glitch bowed to me as we passed him in the hall . 
 a pair of massive arching doors stood at the end of the corridor , flanked on all sides by armored knights . 
 `` this is the queen 's throne room , '' fix explained as we stopped at the doors . 
 `` she and the prince consort are expecting you . 
 are you ready ? '' 
 my palms felt clammy , my stomach turning cartwheels . 
 i nodded , and fix pushed both doors open at once . 
 a huge , cathedral-like room greeted us as we stepped through the frame . 
 decorative pillars , twisted with vines and coils of tiny lights , soared up to a vaulted glass ceiling that showed off sun and sky . 
 our footsteps echoed in the empty chamber as we followed the guide down the strip of red carpet . 
 the room was obviously used for large gatherings , but except for me , kenzie and fix , the floor appeared empty . 
 a large metal throne stood on a dais at the end of the room , and i noticed grimalkin sitting on a corner step , calmly washing a paw . 
 rolling my eyes , i looked up at the throne itself . 
 and ... there she was . 
 not sitting on the throne , but standing beside it , her fingers resting lightly on the arm . 
 my sister , meghan chase . 
 the iron queen . 
 she looked exactly as i remembered . 
 even though it had been years since i 'd seen her last , and back then she had been taller than me , she still had the same long , pale hair , the same blue eyes . 
 she even wore jeans and a white shirt , much like she had when she 'd lived at home . 
 nothing had changed . 
 this meghan could be the same girl who 'd rescued me from machina 's tower , thirteen years ago . 
 my throat ached , and a flood of confusing emotions made my stomach feel tight . 
 i did n't know what i would say to my sister now that i was finally here . 
 why did you leave us ? 
 why do n't i ever see you anymore ? 
 useless questions . 
 i already knew the answer , much as i hated it . 
 `` ethan . '' 
 her voice , so familiar , flowed across the room and drew me forward as if i was a little kid once more . 
 meghan smiled down at me , and any fears i had that she had changed , that she was some distant faery queen , were gone in an instant . 
 stepping from the dais , she walked up and , without hesitation , pulled me into a tight hug . 
 the dam broke . 
 i hugged her back tightly , ignoring everyone else in the room , not caring what they thought . 
 this was meghan , the same meghan who had looked out for me , who 'd gone into the nevernever to bring me home . 
 and despite my anger , despite all those dark moments when i thought i hated her , she was still my sister . 
 come home , i wanted to tell her , knowing it was useless . 
 mom and dad miss you . 
 it 's not the same since you left . 
 and i 'm tired of pretending you 're dead , that i do n't have a sister . 
 why did you always choose them instead of me ? 
 i could n't say any of those things , of course . 
 i 'd tried , when i was younger , to get her to stay , or to at least visit more often . 
 it had never worked ; no matter how much i begged , pleaded or cried , she would always vanish back into the nevernever , leaving us behind . 
 i knew she would never abandon her kingdom , not even for family . 
 not even for me . 
 meghan drew back , smiling , holding me at arm 's length . 
 i noticed with a strange thrill that i was taller than her now . 
 a weird sensation-the last time i 'd seen my sister , she 'd had several inches on me . 
 it really had been a long time . 
 `` ethan , '' she said again , with such undeniable affection i instantly felt guilty for thinking the worst of her . 
 `` it 's good to see you . '' 
 one hand rose , brushing hair from my eyes . 
 `` god , you 've gotten so tall . '' 
 i held her gaze . 
 `` and you have n't changed a bit . '' 
 guilt flickered across her face , just for a moment . 
 `` oh , '' she whispered , `` you 'd be surprised . '' 
 i did n't know what she meant by that , but my stomach twisted . 
 meghan was immortal now , i reminded myself . 
 she looked the same , but who knew what she had done in the time she had been the iron queen . 
 `` regardless , '' meghan went on , her expression shifting to puzzled concern . 
 `` why are you here , ethan ? 
 grim told me you were in the iron realm , that you had used his token . 
 is something wrong at home ? '' 
 her fingers tightened on my arms . 
 `` are mom and luke okay ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` they 're fine , '' i said , freeing myself and stepping back . 
 `` at least , they were fine when i left . '' 
 `` how long ago was that ? '' 
 `` about two days ? 
 faery time ? '' 
 i shrugged , nodding to the gray lump of fur on the dais . 
 `` ask him . 
 the cat had us tromping all over the wyldwood . 
 i do n't know how long it 's been in the real world . '' 
 `` they 're probably worried sick . '' 
 meghan sighed , giving me a stern look , then seemed to notice kenzie hovering behind me . 
 she blinked , and her brow furrowed . 
 `` and you brought someone with you . '' 
 she beckoned kenzie forward . 
 `` who is this ? '' 
 `` kenzie , '' i replied as the girl stepped around me and dropped into a clumsy curtsy . 
 `` mackenzie st. james . 
 she 's one of my classmates . '' 
 `` i see . '' 
 i caught the displeasure in her voice , not directed at kenzie , but that i would bring someone into the nevernever , perhaps . 
 `` and did she know anything about us before you dropped her into this world ? '' 
 `` oh , sure , '' i said flatly . 
 `` i talk about seeing invisible faeries every day , to whoever will listen . 
 that always goes over so well . '' 
 meghan ignored the jab . 
 `` are you all right ? '' 
 she asked kenzie , her voice gentle . 
 `` i know it 's a lot to take in . 
 i was about your age when i first came here , and it was ... interesting , to say the least . '' 
 she gave her a sympathetic smile . 
 `` how are you holding up ? '' 
 `` i 'm okay , your ... uh ... your majesty , '' kenzie said , and jerked her thumb in my direction . 
 `` ethan sort of gave me the crash course in everything faery . 
 i 'm still waiting to see if i wake up or not . '' 
 `` we 'll get you home soon , '' meghan promised , and turned back to me . 
 `` i assume this visit was n't just to say ` hi , ' ethan , '' she said in a firmer voice . 
 `` that token was only supposed to be used in emergencies . 
 what 's going on ? '' 
 `` wish i knew . '' 
 i crossed my arms defensively . 
 `` i did n't want to come here . 
 i would 've been perfectly happy never seeing this place again . '' 
 i paused to see if my words affected her . 
 except for a slight tightening of her eyes , her expression remained the same . 
 `` but there 's a bunch of creepy fey hanging around the real world that i 've never seen before , and they really did n't give me a choice . '' 
 `` what do you mean , they did n't give you a choice ? '' 
 `` i mean they kidnapped a friend of mine , a half-phouka , right from school , in broad daylight . 
 and when i tried to find him , they came after us . 
 me and kenzie both . '' 
 meghan 's eyes narrowed , and the air around her went still , like the sky before a storm . 
 i could suddenly feel the power flickering around the iron queen , like unseen strands of lightning , making the hairs on my neck stand up . 
 i shivered and took a step back , resisting the urge to rub my arms . 
 in that instant , i knew exactly how she had changed . 
 but the flare of energy died down , and meghan 's voice remained calm as she continued . 
 `` so , you came here , '' she went on , glancing from me to kenzie and back again . 
 `` to escape them . '' 
 i nodded shakily . 
 the iron queen regarded me intently , thinking . 
 `` and you said they were a type of faery you 've never seen before , '' she questioned , and i nodded again . 
 `` a new species , like the iron fey ? '' 
 `` no . 
 not like the iron fey . 
 these things are ... different . 
 it 's hard to explain . '' 
 i thought back to that night at the dojo , the ghostly , transparent faeries , the way they 'd flickered in and out , as if they could n't quite hold on to reality . 
 `` i do n't know what they are , but i think they might be kidnapping exiles and half-breeds . '' 
 i remembered the dead piskie , and my stomach churned . 
 todd might already be gone . 
 `` a dryad told me all the local fey are disappearing . 
 something is happening , but i do n't know what they want . 
 i do n't even know what they are . '' 
 `` and you 're sure of this ? '' 
 `` these things tried to kill me a couple days ago . 
 yeah , i 'm sure . '' 
 `` all right , '' meghan said , turning from me . 
 `` if you say you 've seen them , i believe you . 
 i 'll call a meeting with summer and winter , tell them there could be a new group of fey on the rise . 
 if these faeries are killing off exiles and half-breeds , it could just be a matter of time before they start eyeing the nevernever . '' 
 she paced back to her throne , deep in thought . 
 `` mab and oberon will be skeptical , of course , '' she said in a half weary , half exasperated voice . 
 `` they 're going to want proof before they act on anything . '' 
 `` what about todd ? '' 
 i asked . 
 she turned back with an apologetic look . 
 `` i 'll put out feelers in the mortal realm , '' she offered , `` see if the gremlins or hacker elves can turn anything up . 
 but my first responsibility is to my own kingdom , ethan . 
 and you . '' 
 i did n't like where this was going . 
 it did n't sound as if she would try terribly hard to find todd , and why would she ? 
 she was a queen who 'd just been informed her entire kingdom could be threatened soon . 
 the life of a single half-breed was n't a high priority . 
 meghan glanced at kenzie , who looked confused but still trying to follow along as best she could . 
 `` i 'll have someone take you home , '' she said kindly . 
 `` i 'm sorry you had to go through all this . 
 you should also be aware that time in the nevernever flows differently than time in the mortal realm , which means you 've probably been missing for several days now . '' 
 `` right , '' said kenzie , a little breathlessly . 
 `` so , i 'll have to make up a really good story for when i get home . 
 i do n't think ` stuck in faeryland ' is going to go over well . '' 
 `` better than the alternative , '' i told her . 
 `` at least you can lie and they 'll believe you . 
 after this , my parents are n't going to let me out of the house until i 'm thirty . '' 
 meghan gave me a sad smile . 
 `` i 'll send someone over to explain what 's happened , '' she said , and my nervousness increased . 
 `` but ethan , i ca n't let you go home just yet . 
 until we figure out what 's going on , i have to ask you to stay here , in mag tuiredh . '' 
 chapter fourteen keirran `` screw that ! '' 
 i glared at meghan , feeling the walls of the iron court close in . 
 she watched me sadly , though her stance and the determined look on her face did n't change . 
 `` no way , '' i said . 
 `` forget it . 
 you ca n't keep me here . 
 i have to get home ! 
 i have to find todd . 
 and to see if mom and dad are all right . 
 you said it yourself-they 're probably going crazy by now . '' 
 `` i 'll send someone to explain what 's going on , '' meghan said again , her voice and expression unyielding . 
 `` i 'll go myself , if i must . 
 but i ca n't send you home yet , ethan . 
 not when something out there is trying to kill you . '' 
 `` i 'm fine ! '' 
 i protested , somehow feeling like a toddler again , arguing to stay up one more hour . 
 `` dammit , i 'm not four anymore , meghan . 
 i can take care of myself . '' 
 meghan 's gaze hardened . 
 striding up to me , she reached out and pulled up my sleeve , revealing the filthy , bloody bandages wrapped around my arm . 
 i jerked back , scowling , but it was too late . 
 `` you 're not as invincible as you think , little brother , '' meghan said firmly . 
 `` and i wo n't put mom and luke through that again . 
 they 've been through enough . 
 i can at least tell them that you 're safe and that you 'll be home soon . 
 please understand , i do n't want to do this to you , ethan . 
 but you ca n't leave just yet . '' 
 `` try to stop me , '' i snarled , and whirled around intending to stalk out of the throne room . 
 a stupid move , but my anger-at myself , at the fey , the nevernever , everything-had emerged full force , and i was n't thinking rationally . 
 `` i 'll find my own way home . '' 
 i did n't make it out of the room . 
 a figure melted out of the shadows in the corner , stepping in front of the door , a sharp silhouette against the light . 
 he moved like darkness itself , silent and smooth , dressed all in black , his eyes glittering silver as he blocked my exit . 
 i had n't noticed him until now , but as soon as he appeared , my gut contracted with hatred and the blood roared in my ears . 
 a memory flickered to life : a scene of moonlight and shadows , and sitting on the couch with mom and meghan as the door slowly creaked open , spilling his shadow across the floor . 
 of this faery , stepping into the room , his eyes only for my sister . 
 he 'd said that it was time ; he 'd spoken of bargains and promises , and meghan had n't resisted . 
 she 'd followed him out the door and into the night , and from then on , nothing was the same . 
 i took a deep breath , trying to calm my shaking hands . 
 how many nights in kali had i imagined fighting this very demon , taking my rattan and smashing in his inhumanly pretty face , or stabbing him repeatedly with my knife ? 
 wild fantasies-i stood no chance against someone like him , even i realized that . 
 and i knew meghan ... cared for him . 
 loved him , even . 
 but this was the fey responsible for the state of our sad , broken family . 
 if he 'd never come to our house that night , meghan would still be home . 
 i raised my weapons and spoke through gritted teeth . 
 `` get . 
 the hell . 
 out of my way , ash . '' 
 the dark faery did n't move . 
 `` you hate me , i can understand that , '' ash said , his voice low and soothing . 
 `` but you 're being irrational . 
 meghan is only trying to keep you safe . '' 
 rage and frustration flared , thirteen years of hurt , fear and anger , all bursting to the surface at once . 
 `` you know , i do n't remember asking her to ! '' 
 i seethed , knowing i was way out of line and not caring . 
 `` where was she when i was growing up , when i could n't go to sleep because i could hear faeries outside my window ? 
 where was she when they followed me to the school bus , when they chased me into the library and set it on fire , trying to flush me out ? 
 or when i ruined a girl 's life , because the damned fey ca n't seem to leave me alone ? 
 where was she then , ash ? '' 
 `` enough . '' 
 i shivered , looking back . 
 meghan 's voice had changed . 
 it was now steely with authority , and the girl who faced me when i turned around was no longer my sister . 
 the iron queen stood there , blue eyes flashing in the aura of power that glowed around her . 
 `` that 's enough , '' she said again , quietly , as the magic flickered and died . 
 `` ethan , i 'm sorry , but i 've made my decision . 
 you 'll remain in the iron court until we can find out what 's going on . 
 you 'll be a guest in the palace , but please do n't try to leave the grounds . '' 
 she exhaled , her shoulders slumping wearily . 
 `` let 's hope we can figure this out quickly . '' 
 `` you 'll keep your own brother hostage ? '' 
 i spat at her . 
 `` against his will ? '' 
 `` if i must . '' 
 meghan did n't flinch as she stared at me , solemn and grave . 
 `` you can be angry with me all you want , ethan . 
 i 'm not going to lose you . '' 
 i sneered , lowering my weapons . 
 `` it 's a little late , sister . 
 you lost me a long time ago , when you walked out on us . '' 
 it was a low blow , meant to hurt her , and i was sorry as soon as i said it . 
 meghan 's lips pressed together , but other than that , she did n't respond . 
 i did feel a sharp chill at my back , and realized i was pushing ash dangerously , as well , speaking to his queen like that . 
 my relation to meghan was likely the only thing keeping him from drawing his sword and demanding i apologize . 
 good , i thought . 
 how does it feel , ash ? 
 not being able to do anything ? 
 being forced to just watch events unfold around you ? 
 pretty damn frustrating , huh ? 
 the iron queen turned back to the throne . 
 `` grimalkin , '' she said softly , and the cat raised his head from where he 'd been curled up in the corner , blinking sleepily . 
 `` will you be able to take mackenzie home ? 
 you know the way , right ? '' 
 crap . 
 i 'd forgotten about kenzie . 
 again . 
 what did she think of all of this-this morbid family drama , with me at my very worst , lashing out at everyone around me ? 
 god , she must think i 'm an absolute freak . 
 grimalkin yawned , but before he could reply , kenzie stepped forward . 
 `` no , '' she said , and meghan glanced back in surprise . 
 i blinked at her , as well . 
 `` i 'd like to stay , please . 
 if ethan is n't going home , then i 'm not leaving , either . '' 
 `` kenzie , you do n't have to stay , '' i muttered , though the thought of her leaving made me realize how alone i really was . 
 `` go home . 
 i 'll be fine . '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` no , it 's partially my fault that we 're here . 
 i 'm not going anywhere until we can leave together . '' 
 i wanted to argue , but at the same time , a part of me desperately wanted her to stay . 
 it was selfish , that small piece that did n't want to be alone , even among those who were supposed to be family . 
 because , even though meghan was my sister , she was still the iron queen , still fey , and i was a human intruder in her world . 
 meghan nodded . 
 `` i wo n't force you , '' she said , annoying me that kenzie had a choice and i did n't get one . 
 `` stay if you wish-it might be safer for you here , anyway . 
 though i 'm not sure when this issue will be resolved . 
 you may be with us for some time . '' 
 `` that 's all right . '' 
 kenzie glanced at me and smiled bravely . 
 `` it 's been several days in the real world , right ? 
 i might as well stay . 
 i probably ca n't dig myself any deeper . '' 
 ash moved , gliding into the room to stand by meghan 's side . 
 i noticed he watched her carefully , as if she were the only person in the room , the only presence that mattered . 
 i could be a gnat on the wall for all he cared . 
 `` i 'll tell glitch to send a message to the other courts , '' he said . 
 `` with elysium approaching , we 'll need to call this gathering soon . '' 
 meghan nodded . 
 `` grimalkin , '' she called , and the cat sauntered up , blinking lazily . 
 `` will you please show ethan and kenzie to the guest quarters ? 
 the rooms in the north wing over the garden should be empty . 
 ethan ... '' her clear blue eyes fixed on me , though they seemed tired and weary now . 
 `` for now , just stay . 
 please . 
 we 'll talk later , i promise . '' 
 i shrugged , not knowing what to say , and when the silence stretched between us , the queen nodded in dismissal . 
 we followed grimalkin out of the throne room and into the hall , where the motionless iron knights lined the corridor . 
 i glanced back at my sister as the doors started to close and saw her standing in the center of the room , one hand covering her face . 
 ash reached out , silently drawing her into him , and then the doors banged shut , hiding them from view . 
 you really are a jackass , are n't you ? 
 guilt and anger stabbed at every part of me . 
 you have n't seen meghan in years , and when you finally get to talk to her , what do you do ? 
 call her names and try to make her feel guilty . 
 yeah , that 's great , ethan . 
 pushing people away is the only thing you know how to do , is n't it ? 
 wonder what kenzie thinks of you now ? 
 i stole a glance at her as we made our way down the halls of the iron court . 
 gremlins scuttled over the walls , laughing and making the lights flicker , and iron knights stood like metal statues every dozen or so feet . 
 i could feel their eyes on us as we passed , as well as the curious stares of the gremlins and every other iron faery in the castle . 
 if i wanted to get out of here unseen , it was going to be challenging to impossible . 
 kenzie saw me looking at her and smiled . 
 `` your sister seems nice , '' she offered as grimalkin turned a corner without slowing down or looking back . 
 `` not what i was expecting . 
 i did n't think she would be our age . '' 
 i shrugged , grateful for the shift of focus , the chance to talk about something other than what had happened in the throne room . 
 `` she 's not . 
 well , technically that 's not right . 
 i guess she is , but ... '' i struggled to explain . 
 `` when i saw her last , several years ago , she looked exactly the same . 
 she does n't age . 
 none of them do . 
 if i live to be a hundred years old , she still wo n't look a day over sixteen . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 kenzie blinked . 
 a strange look crossed her face , that same look i had seen back in grimalkin 's cave ; thoughtful and excited , when she should have been disbelieving and terrified . 
 `` so , what about us ? 
 if we stay in the nevernever , do we stop aging , too ? '' 
 i narrowed my eyes , not liking this sudden interest or the thought of staying here . 
 but grimalkin , sitting at a pair of doors facing each other across the wide hall , raised his head and yawned . 
 `` not to the extent that you are immortal , '' he explained , eying us lazily . 
 `` humans in the nevernever do age , but at a much slower rate . 
 sometimes countless years will pass before they notice any signs of decay . 
 sometimes they remain infants for centuries , and then one day they simply wake up old and withered . 
 it is different for everyone . '' 
 he yawned again and licked a paw . 
 `` but , no , human . 
 mortals can not live forever . 
 nothing lives forever , not even the immortal fey . '' 
 `` and do n't forget time is screwy here , '' i added , frowning at the contradiction but deciding to ignore it . 
 `` you might spend a year in faery and go home to find twenty years have passed , or a hundred years . 
 we do n't want to stay here any longer than we have to . '' 
 `` relax , ethan . 
 i was n't suggesting we buy a vacation home in the wyldwood . '' 
 kenzie 's voice was light , but her gaze was suddenly far away . 
 `` i was just ... wondering . '' 
 grimalkin sniffed . 
 `` well . 
 now , i am bored . '' 
 he stood , arched his tail over his back as he stretched , and trotted off down the hall . 
 even before he turned the corner , he vanished from sight . 
 i eyed the guards stationed very close to the `` guest suites , '' and resentment simmered . 
 `` guess these are our rooms , then , '' i said , crossing the hall and nudging a door open . 
 it swung back to reveal a large room with a bed against one wall , a fireplace on the other and two giant glass doors leading to a balcony outside . 
 `` fancy , '' i muttered , letting the door creak shut . 
 `` nicest jail cell i 've ever been in . '' 
 kenzie did n't answer . 
 she still stood in the same spot , gazing down the corridor where grimalkin had vanished , her expression remote . 
 i walked back , but she did n't look at me . 
 `` hey . '' 
 i reached out and touched her elbow , and she started . 
 `` you all right ? '' 
 she took a breath and nodded . 
 `` yeah , '' she said , a little too brightly . 
 `` i 'm fine , just tired . '' 
 she sighed heavily , rubbing her eyes . 
 `` i think i 'm gon na crash for a bit . 
 wake me up when they announce dinner or something , okay ? '' 
 `` sure . '' 
 as i watched her walk toward her room , amazement and guilt clawed at me , fighting an equal battle within . 
 kenzie was still here . 
 why was she still here ? 
 she could 've gone home , back to her family and friends and a normal life . 
 back to the real world . 
 instead , she 'd chosen to stay in this crazy , upside-down nightmare where nothing made sense . 
 i only hoped she would live to regret it . 
 `` ethan , '' kenzie said as i turned away . 
 i looked back , and she smiled from across the hall . 
 `` if you need to talk , '' she said softly , `` about anything ... i 'm here . 
 i 'm willing to listen . '' 
 my heart gave a weird little lurch . 
 no one had ever told me that , not with any real knowledge of what they were getting into . 
 oh , kenzie . 
 i wish i could . 
 i wish i could ... tell you everything , but i wo n't do that to you . 
 the less you know about them-and me-the better . 
 `` to my whining ? '' 
 i snorted , forcing a half grin . 
 `` very generous of you , but i think i 'll be fine . 
 besides , this is just another way of wheedling an interview out of me , right ? '' 
 `` darn , i 've become predictable . '' 
 kenzie rolled her eyes and pushed her door open . 
 `` well , if you change your mind , the offer still stands . 
 just knock first , okay ? '' 
 i nodded , and her door swung shut , leaving me alone in the hall . 
 for a moment , i thought about exploring the palace , seeing what my sister 's home looked like , maybe checking for possible escape routes . 
 but i had the feeling meghan was keeping a close eye on me . 
 she was probably expecting me to try something . 
 i caught the impassive gaze of an iron knight , watching me from the end of the hall , heard the gremlins snickering at me from the ceiling , and resentment boiled . 
 she had no right to keep me here , especially after she was the one who 'd left . 
 she had no say in my life . 
 but they were watching me , a whole realm of iron fey , making sure i would n't do anything against their queen 's wishes . 
 i did n't want a pack of gremlins trailing me through the palace , ready to scamper off to warn meghan . 
 and truthfully , i was exhausted . 
 if i was going to pull something off , i needed to be awake and alert to do it . 
 ignoring the buzz and snickers of the gremlins , i pushed my door open again . 
 thankfully , they did n't follow . 
 the room seemed even larger from inside , the high windows and arched balcony doors filling the air with sunlight . 
 i spared a quick glance outside , confirming that the garden was several stories down and crawling with fey , before flopping back on the bed . 
 my rattan dropped to the carpet , and i left them there , still within easy reach . 
 lacing my hands behind my head , i stared blankly at the ceiling . 
 wonder what mom and dad are doing right now ? 
 i thought , watching the lines in the plaster blur together , forming strange creatures and leering faces . 
 they 'll probably stick an ankle bracelet on me after this . 
 i wonder if they 've called the police yet , or if mom suspects that i 'm here . 
 i remembered my last words to mom , snapped out in frustration and anger , and closed my eyes . 
 dammit , i have to get back to the real world . 
 meghan is n't going to look hard for todd . 
 i 'm the only one who has a chance of finding him . 
 but there 'd be no getting out today . 
 beyond this room , meghan 's iron fey would be watching my every move . 
 and i did n't know any trods from the iron court back to the real world . 
 my eyes grew heavy , and the faces in the ceiling blurred and floated off the plaster . 
 i closed my eyes , feeling relatively safe for the first time since coming to the nevernever , and let myself drift off . 
 * * * a faint tapping sound had me bolting upright . 
 the room was dark . 
 silvery light filtered in from the windows , throwing long shadows over the floor . 
 beyond the glass , the sky was twilight-blue , dotted with stars that sparkled like diamonds . 
 i gazed around blearily , noting that someone had left a tray of food on the table on the opposite wall . 
 the moonlight gleamed off the metallic plate covers . 
 swinging myself off the bed , i rubbed my eyes , wondering what had woken me . 
 maybe it was just a lingering nightmare , or i 'd just imagined i 'd heard the tap of something against the window ... looking through the glass , my skin prickled , and i snatched a rattan from the side of the bed . 
 something crouched on the balcony railing , silhouetted against the sky , peering through the glass with the moonlight blazing down on him . 
 it glimmered off his silver hair and threw his shadow across the balcony and into the room . 
 i saw the gleam of a too-bright eye , the flash of perfectly white teeth as he grinned at me . 
 it was the faery from the courtyard , the gentry who had been practicing with the knight this afternoon . 
 he was dressed in loose clothing of blue and white , with a leather strap across his chest , the hilt of a sword poking up behind one shoulder . 
 intense , ice-blue eyes glowed in the darkness as he peered through the glass and waved . 
 gripping my weapon , i walked to the balcony doors and yanked them open , letting in the breeze and the sharp scent of metal . 
 the faery still crouched on the railing , perfectly balanced , his elbows resting on his knees and a faint smile on his face . 
 the wind tossed his loose hair , revealing the tips of the pointed ears knifing away from his head . 
 i raised my stick and gave him a hard smile . 
 `` let me guess , '' i said , sliding through the door onto the balcony . 
 `` you heard about the human in the castle , so you decided to come by and have a little fun ? 
 maybe give him nightmares or put centipedes in his pillowcase ? 
 the faery grinned . 
 `` that was n't very friendly of me , '' he said in a surprisingly soft , clear voice . 
 `` and here i thought i was dropping by to introduce myself . '' 
 he stood , easily balancing on the rails , still smiling . 
 `` but if you 're so sold on me putting centipedes in your bed , i 'm sure i can find a few . '' 
 `` do n't bother , '' i growled at him , narrowing my eyes . 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 `` you 're ethan chase , right ? 
 the queen 's brother ? '' 
 `` who 's asking ? '' 
 the faery shook his head . 
 `` they said you were hostile . 
 i see they were n't exaggerating . '' 
 he hopped off the railing , landing soundlessly on the veranda . 
 `` my name is keirran , '' he continued in a solemn voice . 
 `` and i was hoping we could talk . '' 
 `` i have nothing to say to you . '' 
 alarm flickered . 
 if this faery had come by to propose a deal , i was beyond not interested . 
 `` let me save you some time , '' i continued , staring him down . 
 `` if the next sentence out of your mouth includes the words deal , bargain , contract , favor or anything of the sort , you can leave right now . 
 i do n't make deals with your kind . '' 
 `` not even if i 'm offering a way out of the iron realm ? 
 back to the mortal world ? '' 
 my heart jumped to my throat . 
 back to the mortal world . 
 if i can go home ... if i can get kenzie home , and find todd ... i 'd accomplished what i 'd come here to do ; i 'd alerted meghan to the threat of these new fey , and i doubted she was going to bring me into her inner circle anytime soon , not with her being so adamant about keeping me `` safe . '' 
 i had to get home . 
 if this faery knew a way ... shaking my head , i took a step back . 
 no . 
 the fey always offered what you wanted the most , tied up in a pretty , sparkling package , and it always came at a high , high price . 
 too high a price . 
 `` no , '' i said out loud , firmly banishing any temptation to hear him out . 
 `` forget it . 
 like i said , i do n't make deals with you people . 
 not for anything . 
 i have nothing to offer you , so go away . '' 
 `` you misunderstand me . '' 
 the faery smiled , holding up a hand . 
 `` i 'm not here to bargain , or make a deal or a trade , or anything like that . 
 i simply know a way out of the iron realm . 
 and i 'm offering to lead you there , free of charge . 
 no obligation whatsoever . '' 
 i did n't trust him . 
 everything i knew was telling me this was some sort of trap , or riddle or faery word game . 
 `` why would you do that ? '' 
 i asked cautiously . 
 he shrugged , looking distinctly fey , and leaped onto the railing again . 
 `` truthfully ? 
 mostly because i 'm bored , and this seems as good a reason to get out of here as any . 
 besides - '' he grinned , and his eyes sparkled with mischief '' - you 're looking for a half-breed , right ? 
 and you said the exiles and half-breeds are disappearing from the mortal realm . '' 
 i narrowed my eyes , and he made a placating gesture . 
 `` gremlins talk . 
 i listened . 
 you want to find your friend ? 
 i know someone who might be able to help . '' 
 `` who ? '' 
 `` sorry . '' 
 keirran crossed his arms , still smiling . 
 `` i ca n't tell you until you 've agreed you 're coming along . 
 you might go to the queen otherwise , and that would ruin it . '' 
 he hopped onto one of the posts , inhumanly graceful , and beamed down at me . 
 `` not to brag , but i 'm sort of an expert at getting into and out of places unseen . 
 but if we 're going to leave , it should be soon . 
 so , what 's your answer ? 
 are you coming , or not ? '' 
 this still seemed like a bad idea . 
 i did n't trust him , and despite what he said , no faery did anything for free . 
 still , who knew how long it would take meghan to figure out what was going on , how long before she would let me go ? 
 i might not get another chance . 
 `` all right , '' i muttered , glaring up at him . 
 `` i 'll trust you for now . 
 but i 'm not leaving kenzie behind . 
 she 's coming with us , no matter what you say . '' 
 `` i 'd already planned for it . '' 
 keirran grinned more widely and crouched down on the pole . 
 `` go on and get her , then , '' he said , looking perfectly comfortable , balanced on the top . 
 `` i 'll wait for you here . '' 
 i drew back , grabbed my other stick from under the bed , and walked to the door , feeling his piercing eyes on me the whole way . 
 i half expected to find my door locked , despite meghan 's assurances that i was a guest in the palace . 
 but it opened easily , and i slipped into the obscenely bright hallway , lit by glowing lanterns and metallic chandeliers . 
 the guards were still there , pretending not to notice me as i crossed the hall to kenzie 's room . 
 her door was closed , but as i lifted my knuckles to tap on it , i paused . 
 beyond the wood , i could hear faint noises coming from inside . 
 soft , sniffling , gasping noises . 
 worried , i reached down and quietly turned the handle . 
 her door was also unlocked , and it swung slowly inward . 
 kenzie sat on the bed with her back to me , head bowed , her delicate shoulders heaving as she sobbed into the pillow held to her chest . 
 her curtains had been drawn , except for one , and a thin strand of moonlight eased through the crack and fell over her , outlining the small , shaking body . 
 `` kenzie . '' 
 quickly , i shut the door and crossed the room , coming to stand beside her . 
 `` are you all right ? '' 
 i asked , feeling completely stupid and awkward . 
 of course she was n't all right ; she was crying her eyes out into her pillow . 
 i fully expected her to tell me to leave , or make some snarky comment that i totally deserved . 
 but she wiped her eyes and took a deep breath , trying to compose herself . 
 `` yeah , '' she whispered , hastily rubbing a palm over her cheeks . 
 `` sorry . 
 i 'm fine . 
 just ... feeling a little overwhelmed , i guess . 
 i think it 's finally caught up to me . '' 
 i noticed her keys then , glinting on the mattress , and a small photograph encased in a plastic keychain . 
 looking to her for permission , i picked it up , making the keys jingle softly , and examined the picture . 
 kenzie and a small , dark-haired girl of maybe ten smiled up at me , faces close together . 
 kenzie 's arm was raised slightly as if she was holding a camera up in front of them . 
 `` my sister , '' she explained as i glanced back at her . 
 `` alex. or alexandria . 
 i 'm not the only one in my family with a long , complicated name . '' 
 she smiled , but i could see her trying to be brave , to not burst into tears again . 
 `` actually , she 's my stepsister . 
 my mom died three years ago , and a year after that dad remarried . 
 i. . . 
 i always wanted a sibling ... '' her eyes glimmered in the darkness , and her voice caught . 
 `` we were supposed to go to the lake house this weekend . 
 but ... i do n't know what 's happening to them now . 
 i do n't know if they think i 'm dead , or kidnapped or if alex is waiting up for me to come home - '' she buried her face in her pillow again , muffling her sobs , and i could n't watch any longer . 
 putting down the keys , i sat beside her and pulled her into my arms . 
 she leaned against me and i held her quietly as she cried herself out . 
 dammit , here i was again , thinking only of myself . 
 why had it come to this before i realized kenzie had a family , too ? 
 that she was just as worried for them as i was for mine ? 
 `` you never said anything , '' i murmured as her trembling subsided , trying not to make it sound like an accusation . 
 `` you did n't tell me you had a sister . '' 
 a shaky little laugh . 
 `` you did n't seem particularly open to listening , tough guy , '' she whispered back . 
 `` besides , what could we do about it ? 
 you were already trying to get us out as fast as you could . 
 me whining about my home life was n't going to speed anything up . '' 
 `` why did n't you go back this afternoon ? '' 
 i pulled back to look at her . 
 `` meghan offered to take you home . 
 you could 've gone back to your family . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 kenzie sniffed , wiping her eyes . 
 `` and i wanted to . 
 but ... we came here together , and i would n't have gotten this far ... without you . '' 
 she dropped her head , speaking quietly , almost a whisper . 
 `` i 'm fully aware that you 've saved my life on more than one occasion . 
 with all the weirdness and faery cats and bloodthirsty snake monsters and everything else , i would 've been dead if i had to do this by myself . 
 it would n't be right , going back alone . 
 and besides , i still have a lot to see here . '' 
 she looked up at me then , her eyes wide and luminous in the shadows of the room . 
 her cheeks were tinged with color , though she still spoke clearly . 
 `` so , either we get out of here together , or not at all . 
 i 'm not leaving without you . '' 
 we stared at each other . 
 time seemed to slow around us , the moonlight freezing everything into a cold , silent portrait . 
 kenzie 's face still glimmered with tears , but she did n't move . 
 heart pounding , i gently brushed a bright blue strand from her eyes , and she slid a cool hand up to my neck , soft fingers tracing my hairline . 
 i shivered , unsure if i liked this strange , alien sensation twisting the pit of my stomach , but i did n't want it to stop , either . 
 what are you doing , ethan ? 
 a voice whispered in my head , but i ignored it . 
 kenzie was watching me with those huge , trusting brown eyes , solemn and serious now , waiting . 
 my heart contracted painfully . 
 i did n't deserve that trust ; i knew i should pull away , walk out , before this went too far . 
 a loud tap on the window made us both jump apart . 
 rising , i glared out the one open window , where a silver-headed face peered in curiously . 
 kenzie yelped , leaping up , and i grabbed her arm . 
 `` it 's all right ! '' 
 i told her , as she looked at me in shock . 
 `` i know him . 
 he 's ... here to help . '' 
 `` help ? '' 
 kenzie repeated , glaring at the fey boy , who waved at her through the glass . 
 `` looks more like spying to me . 
 what does he want ? '' 
 `` i 'll tell you in a second . '' 
 i opened the balcony doors , and keirran ducked into the room . 
 `` so , '' the faery said , smiling as he came in , `` here we all are . 
 i thought something might 've happened to you , but if i 'd known what was going on , i would n't have interrupted . '' 
 his gaze slid to kenzie , and his smile widened . 
 `` and you must be kenzie , '' he said , walking over and taking her hand . 
 but instead of shaking it , he brought her fingers to his lips , and she blushed . 
 i stiffened , tempted to stride over and yank him away , but he dropped her hand before i could move . 
 `` my name 's keirran , '' he said in that soft , confident voice , and i noticed kenzie gazing up at him with a slightly dazed look on her face . 
 `` has ethan told you the plan yet ? '' 
 kenzie blinked , then glanced at me , confused . 
 `` what plan ? '' 
 i stepped between them , and the faery retreated with a faintly amused look . 
 `` we 're leaving , '' i told her in a low voice . 
 `` now . 
 we do n't have time for meghan to decide to send us home-we have to find todd now . 
 keirran says he knows a way out of the nevernever . 
 he 's taking us back to the mortal world . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 kenzie shot the fey boy a look , but it was more of curiosity than distrust . 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 the faery bowed . 
 `` i swear on my pointed ears , '' he said , before straightening with a grin . 
 `` but , like you said , we should leave now . 
 while most of the castle is asleep . '' 
 he gestured out the window . 
 `` the trod is n't far . 
 we 'll just have to get to it without anyone seeing us . 
 come on . '' 
 i snatched my weapons , gave kenzie a reassuring nod , and together we followed the faery out the balcony doors onto the veranda . 
 the night air was cool , and the silver moon seemed enormous , hovering so close i could practically see craters and ridges lining the surface . 
 below us , the garden was quiet , though the moonlight still glinted off the armor of several knights stationed throughout the perimeter . 
 kenzie peered over the ledge , then drew back quickly . 
 `` there are so many guards , '' she whispered , looking back at keirran . 
 `` how are we going to make it through without anyone seeing us ? '' 
 `` we 're not going that way , '' keirran replied , hopping lightly onto the railing . 
 he gazed up at the roof of the palace , at the great spires and towers lancing toward the sky . 
 putting two fingers to his lips , he blew out a soft whistle . 
 a knotted rope flew down from one of the towers , uncoiling in midair , dropping toward us with a faint hiss . 
 keirran glanced back at me and grinned . 
 `` hope you 're not afraid of heights . '' 
 * * * even with a rope , it was difficult to scale the walls of the iron queen 's palace . 
 this high up , most of them were sheer metal or glass , making it hard to get a foothold . 
 keirran , unsurprisingly , moved like a squirrel or a spider , scrambling from ledge to ledge with the obnoxious natural grace of his kind . 
 i had a hard time keeping up , and kenzie struggled badly , though she never made a sound of complaint . 
 we rested when we could , perched on narrow shelves that gave a stunning view of the city at night . 
 mag tuiredh sparkled below us , a glittering carpet of lights and polished edges that reflected the moon . 
 even i had to admit , meghan 's kingdom was strangely beautiful under the stars . 
 `` come on , '' keirran said encouragingly from a ledge above us . 
 `` we 're almost there . '' 
 heaving myself up the last wall , i turned and reached over the edge , pulling kenzie up behind me . 
 her arms trembled as she took my hand and dragged herself onward , but as she reached the top , her legs gave out and she collapsed . 
 i caught her as she sagged against me , backing away from the edge . 
 she shivered in my arms , her heart beating way too fast , her skin pale and cold . 
 wrapping my arms around her , i turned so that my body was between her and the slicing wind , feeling her delicate frame pressed against mine . 
 her fingers tangled in my shirt , and i wondered if she could feel the pounding beneath her palm . 
 `` sorry , '' kenzie whispered , pulling away , standing on her own . 
 she still kept a slender hand on my chest to steady herself , a tiny spot of warmth in the cold . 
 `` i guess a career in rock climbing is n't in my future . '' 
 `` you do n't have to do this , '' i told her gently , and she gave me a warning look . 
 `` you can stay here , and meghan will send you back home - '' `` do n't make me push you off this roof , tough guy . '' 
 shaking my head , i followed her across a narrow rooftop flanked by a pair of towers , the wind whipping at our hair and clothes . 
 keirran stood a few feet away , talking to what looked like three huge copper and brass insects . 
 their `` wings '' looked like the sails on a hang glider , and their long dragonfly bodies were carried on six shiny jointed legs that gleamed in the cold light . 
 as we stared , the creatures ' heads turned in our direction , their eyes huge and multifaceted . 
 they buzzed softly . 
 `` these , '' keirran said , smiling as he turned back to us , `` are gliders . 
 they 're the quickest and easiest way to get out of mag tuiredh without being seen . 
 you just have to know how to avoid the air patrols , and luckily , i 'm an expert . '' 
 he scratched one glider on the head as if it was a favorite dog , and the thing cooed in response . 
 standing beside me , kenzie shuddered . 
 `` we 're flying out of here on giant bugs ? '' 
 she asked , eyeing the gliders as if they might swarm her any second . 
 `` be nice , '' keirran warned . 
 `` they get their feelings hurt easily . '' 
 `` master ! '' 
 a different sort of buzz went through the air then , and a second later , something small , dark and fast zipped by us , leaping at keirran with a shrill cry . 
 keirran winced but did n't move , and the tiny creature landed on his chest , a spindly , bat-eared monster with eyes that flashed electric green . 
 kenzie jumped and pressed closer to me , whispering : `` what is that ? '' 
 `` that 's a gremlin , '' i answered , and she stared at me . 
 `` yeah , it 's exactly what you think it is . 
 you know those sudden , unexplainable glitches when something just breaks , or when your computer decides to crash ? 
 say hello to what causes it . '' 
 `` not all of them , '' keirran said mildly , as the tiny fey scrabbled to his shoulders , buzzing madly . 
 `` give some credit to the bugs and the worms , too . '' 
 he held up a hand . 
 `` razor , calm down . 
 say hi to our new friends . '' 
 the gremlin , now perched on keirran 's arm , turned to stare at us with blazing green eyes and started crackling like a bad radio station . 
 `` they ca n't understand you , razor , '' keirran said mildly . 
 `` english . '' 
 `` oh , '' said the gremlin . 
 `` right . '' 
 it grinned widely , baring a mouthful of sharp teeth that glowed neon-blue . 
 `` hiiiiiiii . '' 
 `` he knows french and gaelic , too , '' keirran said , as razor cackled and bounced on his shoulder . 
 `` it 's surprisingly simple to teach a gremlin . 
 people just underestimate what they 're capable of . '' 
 before we could say anything about this bizarre situation , keirran plucked the gremlin off his shoulder and tossed it on the glider , where it scrambled to the front and peered out eagerly . 
 `` shall we get going ? '' 
 he asked , and the glider 's wings fluttered in response . 
 `` gliders are easy to control , '' he continued with absolute confidence , while i gave him a look that implied the exact opposite . 
 `` steer them by pulling on their front legs and shifting your weight from side to side . 
 they 'll basically do the rest . 
 just watch me and do what i do . '' 
 he stepped to the edge of the roof and spread his arms . 
 instantly , the glider picked its way across the roof and crawled up his back , curling its legs around his chest and stomach . 
 he glanced back at us and winked . 
 `` your turn . '' 
 a cry of alarm echoed from somewhere below , making me jump . 
 i peered down and saw a packrat on the balcony of kenzie 's room , looking around wildly . 
 `` uh-oh , '' keirran muttered , sounding remarkably calm . 
 `` you 've been discovered . 
 if we 're going to do this , we need to do it now , before glitch and the entire air squad is up here looking for us . 
 hurry ! '' 
 without waiting for an answer , he dove off the building . 
 kenzie gasped , watching him plunge toward the ground , a streak of silver and gold . 
 then the glider 's wings caught the breeze , and it swooped into the air again , circling the tower . 
 i heard the gremlin 's howl of glee , and keirran waved to us as he soared by . 
 i glanced at kenzie . 
 `` can you do this ? 
 it 's probably just going to get more dangerous from here on out . '' 
 her eyes flashed , and she shook her head . 
 `` i already told you , '' she said , her voice firm . 
 `` we go home together , or not at all . 
 what , you think i 'm scared of a couple giant bugs ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 she did look pale and a bit creeped out , but i was n't going to comment on it . 
 kenzie frowned and stalked forward , her lips pressed into that tight line again . 
 i watched her walk to the edge of the roof , hesitate just a moment , and spread her arms as keirran had done . 
 she shook a little as the glider crawled up her back , but she did n't shy away , which was remarkable considering she had a monstrous insect perching on her shoulders . 
 peering off the roof , she took a deep breath and closed her eyes . 
 `` just like splash mountain at disneyland , '' i heard her whisper . 
 then she launched herself into empty space . 
 she plummeted rapidly , and a shriek tore free , nearly ripped away by the wind , but then the current caught her glider and she rose into the air after keirran . 
 my turn . 
 i stepped forward , toward the last glider , but a shout from below made me pause . 
 `` prince ethan ! '' 
 glitch 's head appeared as the first lieutenant hauled himself up the rope and onto the roof . 
 his hair sparked green and purple lightning as he held out his hand . 
 `` your highness , no ! '' 
 he cried , as i quickly raised my arms . 
 the glider inched over and crawled up my back , achingly slow . 
 `` you ca n't leave . 
 the queen ordered you to stay . 
 did keirran talk you into this ? 
 where is he ? '' 
 glitch knows keirran , does he ? 
 `` i 'm not staying , glitch , '' i called , backing up as the first lieutenant eased forward . 
 the glider gave an annoyed buzz , hastily wrapping its legs around my middle as i overbalanced it . 
 `` tell meghan i 'm sorry , but i have to go . 
 i ca n't stay here any longer . '' 
 `` ethan ! '' 
 i turned and threw myself off the roof , clutching the glider 's legs as it plunged toward the ground . 
 for a second , i thought we would smash headfirst into the garden below , but then the glider swooped upward , climbing in a lazy arc , the wind whipping at my face . 
 keirran dropped beside me , wearing his careless grin , as glitch 's shouts faded away behind us . 
 `` not bad , for your first time , '' he said , nodding as kenzie swooped down to join us . 
 razor cackled and bounced on his shoulder , huge ears flapping in the wind . 
 `` we need to hurry , though , '' the faery said , glancing behind us . 
 `` glitch will go straight to the queen , and she is not going to be happy . 
 with either of us . 
 and if ash decides to pursue ... '' for the first time , a worried look crossed his face . 
 he shook it off . 
 `` the trod is n't far , but we 'll have to cross into the wyldwood to get to it . 
 follow me . '' 
 the gliders were surprisingly fast , and from this height , the iron realm stretched out before us , beautiful and bizarre . 
 far below , the railroad cut through the grassy plateau , snaking between huge iron monoliths that speared up toward the sky and around bubbling pools of lava , churning red and gold in the darkness . 
 we passed mountains of junk , metal parts glinting under the stars , and flew over a swamp where strands of lightning flickered and crawled over oily pools of water , mesmerizing and deadly . 
 finally , we soared over a familiar canopy , where the trees grew so close together they looked like a lumpy carpet . 
 keirran 's glider dropped down so that it was nearly brushing the tops of the branches . 
 `` this way , '' i heard him call , and he dropped from sight , vanishing into the leaves . 
 hoping kenzie and i would n't fly headfirst into the branches , i followed , passing through the canopy into an open clearing . 
 darkness closed on us instantly as the light of the moon and stars disappeared and the gloom of the wyldwood rose up to replace it . 
 i could just make out the bright gleam of keirran 's hair through the shadows , and spiraled down , dodging branches , until my feet lightly touched the forest floor . 
 as soon as i landed , the glider uncurled its legs and pulled itself up to an overhanging limb , clinging there like a huge dragonfly . 
 `` well , '' keirran said , as kenzie landed and her glider did the same , hanging next to mine . 
 `` here we are . '' 
 an ancient ruin rose up before us , so covered in vines , moss and fungi it was nearly impossible to see the stones beneath . 
 huge gnarled trees grew from the walls and collapsed ceiling , thick roots snaking around the stones . 
 `` the trod to the mortal realm is inside , '' keirran explained , as kenzie pressed close to me , staring at the ruins in amazement . 
 i was tempted to reach down and take her hand , but i was glad i had n't when keirran abruptly drew his sword with a soft rasping sound . 
 i glared at him and drew my weapons as well , putting myself between her and the faery . 
 he glanced over his shoulder with a faintly apologetic look . 
 `` forgot to tell you , '' he said , gesturing to the ruin , `` this place is normally unoccupied , but it is right in the middle of goblin territory . 
 so , we might run into a few locals who wo n't be happy to see us . 
 nothing you ca n't handle , right ? '' 
 `` you could n't have told us earlier ? '' 
 i growled as we started toward the ruins . 
 keirran shrugged , his curved steel blade cutting a bright path through the darkness . 
 razor chattered on his shoulder , only his eyes and neon grin visible in the gloom . 
 `` it 's just a few goblins . 
 nothing to-whoops . '' 
 he ducked , and a spear flew overhead , striking a nearby tree . 
 kenzie yelped , and razor blipped out of sight like an image on a television screen as a chorus of raucous voices erupted from the ruins ahead . 
 glowing eyes appeared in the stones and among the roots . 
 pointed teeth , claws and spear tips flashed in the shadows , as about a dozen short , evil fey poured from the ruins and shook their weapons at us . 
 `` a few goblins , huh ? '' 
 i glared at keirran and backed away . 
 he grinned weakly and shrugged . 
 the goblins started forward , cackling and jabbing the air with their spears . 
 i quickly turned to kenzie and pressed one of my sticks into her hands . 
 `` take this , '' i told her . 
 `` i 'll try to keep them off us , but if any gets too close , smack it as hard as you can . 
 aim for the eyes , the nose , whatever you can reach . 
 just do n't let them hurt you , okay ? '' 
 she nodded , her face pale but determined . 
 `` tennis lessons , do n't fail me now . '' 
 i started to turn , but she caught my wrist , holding it tightly as she gazed up at me . 
 `` you be careful , too , ethan . 
 we 're going home together , okay ? 
 just remember that . '' 
 i squeezed her hand and turned back to the approaching horde . 
 keirran was waiting for them calmly , sword in hand . 
 i joined him , and he gave me a curious look from the corner of his eye . 
 `` interesting , '' he mused , smiling even as the horde prepared to attack . 
 `` i 've never seen anyone fight goblins with half a broom handle . '' 
 i resisted the impulse to crack him in the head . 
 `` just worry about yourself , '' i told him , twirling my weapon in a slow arc . 
 `` and i 'll do the same . '' 
 a bigger , uglier goblin suddenly leaped onto a rock and leered at us . 
 `` humans , '' he rasped with a flash of yellow teeth . 
 `` i thought i smelled something strange . 
 you sure picked the wrong spot to stumble into . 
 trying to get home , are we ? '' 
 he snickered , running a tongue along his jagged fangs . 
 `` we 'll save you the trouble . '' 
 `` we do n't have to do this , '' keirran said mildly , seemingly unconcerned about the approaching horde . 
 `` surely there are other travelers you can accost . '' 
 the goblins edged closer , and i eased into a ready stance , feeling an almost savage glee as they surrounded us . 
 no rules now ; no teachers , principals or instructors to stop me . 
 i felt the old anger rise up , the hatred for all of faery bubbling to the surface , and grinned viciously . 
 there was nothing to hold me back now ; i did n't have to worry about hurting anyone . 
 i could take my anger out on the goblins ' ugly , warty skulls , and there would be no consequences . 
 `` and miss out on three tasty humans , wandering through my territory ? '' 
 the goblin chief snorted , shaking his head . 
 `` i do n't think so . 
 we eat well tonight , boys ! 
 dibs on the liver ! '' 
 cheering , the goblins surged forward . 
 one charged me with its spear raised , and i swung my rattan , felt my weapon connect beneath the goblin 's jaw . 
 it flew back with a shriek , and i instantly slashed down again , cracking another 's lumpy green skull . 
 a third goblin scuttled in from the other side , stabbing its spear up toward my face . 
 i dodged , snaked my free arm around the spear , and yanked it out of the faery 's grasp . 
 it had a split second to gape in surprise before i bashed the side of its head with its own weapon and hurled it away . 
 beside me , keirran was moving , too , spinning and twirling like a dancer , his sword flashing in deadly circles . 
 though i could n't see exactly what he was doing , he was inhumanly fast . 
 goblin body parts flew through the air , horrific and disgusting , before turning into mud , snails or other unpleasant things . 
 three more goblins came at me , one of them the big goblin who 'd spoken before , the chief . 
 i shuffled away , blocking their attacks , whipping my rattan from one spear to the next . 
 the frantic clacking of wood echoed in my ears as i waited for an opening , a chance to strike . 
 the goblin 's size was actually a handicap for me ; they were so short , it was hard to hit them . 
 a spear tip got through my defenses and tore through my sleeve , making me grit my teeth as i twisted away . 
 too close . 
 suddenly , kenzie was behind them , bringing her stick smashing down on a goblin 's head . 
 it met with a satisfying crack , and the goblin dropped like a stone . 
 kenzie gave a triumphant yell , but then the chief whirled with a snarl of rage , swinging his spear at her legs . 
 it struck her knee , and she crumpled to the dirt with a gasp . 
 the chief lunged forward , raising his spear , but before either of us could do anything , a tiny black form landed on his head from nowhere . 
 razor buzzed like a furious wasp , hissing and snarling as the goblin flailed . 
 `` bad goblin ! '' 
 the gremlin howled , clinging like a leech . 
 `` not hurt pretty girl ! 
 bad ! '' 
 he sank his teeth into the goblin 's ear , and the chief roared . 
 reaching up , the goblin managed to grab the tiny iron fey , tear him off , and hurl him into the brush . 
 with a snarl , i kicked a goblin into a stone wall , snatched kenzie 's rattan from the ground , and attacked the chief . 
 i did n't see the other fey . 
 i did n't see keirran . 
 i forgot everything guro taught me about fighting multiple opponents . 
 all i knew was that this thing had hurt kenzie , had tried to kill her , and it was going to pay . 
 the goblin scuttled backward under my assault , frantically waving his spear , but i knocked it from his claws and landed a solid blow between his ears . 
 as he staggered back , dazed , i pressed my advantage , feeling the crack of flesh and bone under my sticks . 
 my rattan hissed through the air , striking arms , teeth , face , neck . 
 the goblin fell , cringing , in the dirt , and i raised my weapons to finish it off . 
 `` ethan ! '' 
 keirran 's voice brought me up short . 
 panting , i stopped beating on the goblin and looked up to see that the rest of the tribe had run off with the fall of their chief . 
 keirran had already sheathed his weapon and was watching me with a half amused , half concerned expression . 
 kenzie still sat where she had fallen , clutching her leg . 
 `` it 's over , '' keirran said , nodding to the empty forest around us . 
 `` they 're gone . '' 
 i glanced at my sticks , and saw that my weapons , as well as my hands , were spattered with black goblin blood . 
 with a shiver , i looked back at the chief , saw him curled around himself in the dirt , moaning through bloody lips , his teeth shattered and broken . 
 my gut heaved , and i staggered away . 
 what am i doing ? 
 the chief groaned and crawled away , and i let him go , watching the faery haul itself into the bushes . 
 through the horror and disgust of what i 'd just done , i still felt a nasty glow of vindication . 
 maybe next time , they would think twice about assaulting three `` tasty '' humans . 
 keirran watched it go as well , then walked over to kenzie , holding out a hand . 
 `` are you all right ? '' 
 he asked , drawing her to her feet , holding her steady . 
 i clenched my fists , wanting to stalk over there and shove him away from her . 
 kenzie grimaced , her face tightening with pain , but she nodded . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 her cheeks were pale as she gingerly put weight on her injured leg , wincing . 
 `` i do n't think anything 's broken . 
 though my knee might swell up like a watermelon . '' 
 `` you 're very lucky , '' keirran went on , and all traces of amusement had fled his voice . 
 `` goblins poison the tips of their weapons . 
 if you 'd gotten cut at all ... well , let 's just say a watermelon knee is better than the alternative . '' 
 anger and fear still buzzed through me , making me stupid , wanting to hit something , though there was nothing left to fight . 
 i turned my rage on keirran , instead . 
 `` what the hell is wrong with you ? '' 
 i snarled , stalking forward , wanting him farther away from kenzie . 
 he flinched , and i swung my rattan around the clearing , at the disintegrating piles of goblin . 
 `` you knew there were goblins here , you knew we would have to fight our way out , and you still brought us this way . 
 you could 've gotten us killed ! 
 you could 've gotten kenzie killed ! 
 or was that your plan all along ? 
 bring the stupid humans along as bait , so the goblins will be distracted ? 
 i should 've known never to trust a faery . '' 
 `` ethan ! '' 
 kenzie scowled at me , but keirran held up a hand . 
 `` no , he 's right , '' he murmured , and a flicker of surprise filtered through my anger . 
 `` i should n't have brought you this way . 
 i thought i could deal with the goblins . 
 if you had been seriously hurt , it would 've been on my head . 
 you have every reason to be angry . '' 
 turning to kenzie , he bowed deeply , his gaze on the ground between them . 
 `` forgive me , mackenzie , '' he said in that clear , quiet voice . 
 `` i allowed pride to cloud my judgment , and you were injured because of it . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 it wo n't happen again . '' 
 he sounded sincere , and i frowned as kenzie quickly assured him it was all right . 
 what kind of faery was he , anyway ? 
 the fey had no conscience , no real feelings of regret , no morals to get in the way of their decisions . 
 either keirran was an exception or a very good actor . 
 which reminded me ... `` the chief said he smelled three humans , '' i told keirran , who gave me a resigned look . 
 `` he did n't think you were fey . 
 he thought you were human , too . '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 keirran shrugged , offering a small grin . 
 `` i get that a lot . '' 
 razor appeared on his shoulder with a buzzing laugh . 
 `` stupid goblins , '' he crowed , bouncing up and down , making keirran sigh . 
 `` funny , stupid goblins think master is funny elf . 
 ha ! '' 
 he buzzed once more and sat down , grinning like a psychotic piranha . 
 `` you 're a half-breed , '' i guessed , wondering how i had n't seen it earlier . 
 he did n't look like any of the other iron fey , but he could n't be part of the summer or winter courts , either ; normal fey could n't enter the iron realm without harming themselves . 
 -lrb- i was still trying to figure out how grimalkin did it , but everything about that cat was a mystery . -rrb- 
 but if keirran was a half-breed , he did n't have the fey 's deathly allergy to iron ; his human blood would protect him from the ill effects of meghan 's court . 
 `` i guess you could say that . '' 
 keirran sighed again and looked toward the trees , where most of the goblins had scattered . 
 `` more like three-quarters human , really . 
 ca n't blame them for thinking i was the real thing . '' 
 i stared at him . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 i asked , but then the bushes snapped , and keirran winced . 
 `` i 'll tell you later . 
 come on , let 's get out of here . 
 the goblins are coming back , probably with reinforcements . '' 
 i started to reach for kenzie , but then i saw my hands , streaked with blood past my wrists , and let them drop . 
 keirran took her arm instead , helping her along , and she gave me an unreadable look as she limped past . 
 i followed them up the stairs and ducked through the crumbling archway as furious cries echoed from the trees around us . 
 the angry sounds faded as soon as i crossed the threshold , and everything went black . 
 chapter fifteen ghosts of the fairground i emerged , squinting in the darkness , trying to see where i was . 
 for a second , it did n't seem as if we 'd left the nevernever at all . 
 trees surrounded us , hissing in the wind , but i looked closer and saw they were regular , normal trees . 
 a few yards away , three strands of barbed wire glinted in the moonlight , and beyond the wires , a scattering of fluffy white creatures peered at us curiously . 
 `` are those sheep ? '' 
 kenzie asked , sounding weary but delighted . 
 razor gave an excited buzz from keirran 's shoulder , leaped to the top of the first wire , and darted into the pasture . 
 sheep baaed in terror and fled , looking like clouds blowing across the field , and keirran sighed . 
 `` i keep telling him not to do that . 
 they lose enough to the goblins as is . '' 
 `` where are we ? '' 
 i asked , relieved to be back in the real world again , but not liking that i did n't know where we were . 
 the wind here was cool , and the wooded hills beyond the pasture seemed to go on forever . 
 keirran watched razor , buzzing happily from the back of a terrified sheep , and shook his head . 
 `` somewhere in rural maryland . '' 
 `` maryland , '' i echoed in disbelief . 
 he grinned . 
 `` what , you think all trods lead to louisiana ? '' 
 i took a breath to answer , but paused . 
 wait . 
 how does he know where i live ? 
 `` where to now ? '' 
 kenzie asked , grimacing as she leaned against a fencepost . 
 `` i do n't think i 'll be able to walk very fast with this knee . 
 someone might need to give me a piggyback ride later on . '' 
 `` do n't worry . '' 
 keirran gestured over the rolling hills . 
 `` there 's an abandoned fairground a couple miles from here . 
 it 's a hangout for the local fey , most of them exiled . 
 the trod there will take us to where we need to go . '' 
 `` and where is that ? '' 
 i asked , but keirran had moved up to the fence , peering over the wire at razor , still tormenting the flock of sheep . 
 `` razor ! '' 
 he called over the bleating animals . 
 `` come on , stop scaring the poor things . 
 you 're going to give them a heart attack . '' 
 the gremlin ignored him . 
 i could just barely see him in the darkness , his electric-green eyes and glowing smile bouncing among the flock . 
 i was about to suggest we just leave and let him catch up , when kenzie stepped up to the fence , her expression puzzled . 
 `` where is he ? '' 
 she asked , staring out over the field . 
 `` the sheep are going nuts , but i do n't see razor at all . '' 
 oh , yeah . 
 we were back in the real world now . 
 which meant kenzie could n't see the fey ; they were invisible to humans unless they made a conscious effort to un-glamour themselves . 
 i told her as much . 
 `` huh , '' she said in a neutral voice , then looked out over the pasture again , at the sheep racing through the grass like frantic clouds . 
 a defiant expression crossed her face , and she took a breath . 
 `` razor ! '' 
 she barked , making keirran jump . 
 `` no ! 
 bad gremlin ! 
 you stop that , right now ! '' 
 the gremlin , shockingly , looked up from where he was bouncing on a rock , sheep scattering around him . 
 he blinked and cocked his head , looking confused . 
 kenzie pointed to the ground in front of her . 
 `` i want to see you . 
 come here , razor . 
 now ! '' 
 and , he did . 
 blipping into sight at her feet , he gazed up expectantly , looking like a mutant chihuahua awaiting commands . 
 keirran blinked in astonishment as she snapped her fingers and pointed at him , and razor scurried up his arm to perch on his shoulder . 
 she smiled , giving us both a smug look , and crossed her arms . 
 `` dog training classes , '' she explained . 
 * * * the road stretched before us in the moonlight , a narrow strip of pavement that wove gently over and between the hills . 
 keirran led us on silently , razor humming a raspy tune on his shoulder . 
 no cars passed us ; except for an owl and the flocks of sheep , snoozing in their pastures , we were alone . 
 `` wish i had my camera . '' 
 kenzie sighed as a black-faced ewe watched us from the side of the road , blinking sleepily . 
 it snorted and trotted off , and kenzie gazed after it , smiling . 
 `` then again , maybe not . 
 it might be weird , explaining how i could take pictures of the maryland countryside when i never left louisiana . '' 
 she shivered , rubbing her arms as a cold breeze blew across the pasture , smelling of sheep and wet grass . 
 i wished i had my jacket so i could offer it to her . 
 `` what do you do ? '' 
 kenzie went on , her gaze still roaming the woods beyond the hills . 
 `` when you get home , i mean ? 
 we 've been to faeryland-we 've seen things no one else has . 
 what happens when you finally get home , knowing what you do , that no one else will ever understand ? '' 
 `` you go back to what you were doing before , '' i replied . 
 `` you try to get on with your life and pretend it did n't happen . 
 it 'll be easier for you , '' i continued as she turned to me , frowning . 
 `` you have friends . 
 your life is fairly normal . 
 you 're not a freak who can see them everywhere you go . 
 just try to forget about it . 
 forget the fey , forget the nevernever , forget everything weird or strange or unnatural . 
 eventually , the nightmares will stop , and you might even convince yourself that everything you saw was a bad dream . 
 that 's the easiest way . '' 
 `` hey , tough guy , your bitterness is showing . '' 
 kenzie gave me an exasperated look . 
 `` i do n't want to forget . 
 just burying my head in the sand is n't going to change anything . 
 they 'll still be out there , whether i believe in them or not . 
 i ca n't pretend it never happened . '' 
 `` but you wo n't ever see them , '' i said . 
 `` and that will either make you paranoid or drive you completely crazy . '' 
 `` i 'll still be able to talk to you , though , right ? '' 
 i sighed , not wanting to say it , but knowing i had to . 
 `` no . 
 you wo n't . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` because my life is too screwed up to drag you into it . '' 
 `` why do n't you let me decide what 's best for my life , '' kenzie said softly , not quite able to mask her anger , the first i 'd ever heard from her , `` and who i want to be friends with ? '' 
 `` what do you think is going to happen once we go home ? '' 
 i asked , not meeting her stare . 
 `` you think i can be normal and hang out with you and your friends , just like that ? 
 you think your parents and your teachers will want you hanging around someone like me ? '' 
 `` no , '' kenzie said in that same low , quiet voice . 
 `` they wo n't . 
 and you know what ? 
 i do n't care . 
 because they have n't seen you like i have . 
 they have n't seen the nevernever , or the fey , or the iron queen , and they wo n't ever understand . 
 i did n't understand . '' 
 she paused , seeming to struggle with her next words . 
 `` the first time i saw you , '' she said , pushing her bangs from her eyes , `` when we first talked , i thought you were this brooding , unfriendly , hostile , um ... '' she paused . 
 `` jerk , '' i finished for her . 
 `` well , yeah , '' kenzie admitted slowly . 
 `` a pretty handsome jerk , i might add , but a huge , colossal megajerk nonetheless . '' 
 she gave me a quick glance to see how i was taking this . 
 i shrugged . 
 not going to argue with that . 
 and then , a second later : she thought i was handsome ? 
 `` at first , i just wanted to know what you were thinking . '' 
 kenzie pushed back her hair , the blue-and-black strands fluttering around her face . 
 `` it was more of a challenge , i guess , to get you to see me , to talk to me . 
 you 're the only one , in a very long time anyway , who talked to me like a real person , who treated me the same as everyone else . 
 my friends , my family , even my teachers , they all tiptoe around me like i 'm made of glass . 
 they never say what they 're really thinking if they feel it might upset me . '' 
 she sighed , looking out over the fields . 
 `` no one is ever real with me anymore , and i 'm sick and tired of it . '' 
 i held my breath , suddenly aware that i was very close to that dark thing kenzie was hiding from me . 
 tread softly , ethan . 
 do n't sound too eager or she might change her mind . 
 `` why is that ? '' 
 i asked , trying to keep my voice light , like i did n't care . 
 wrong move . 
 `` um , because of my dad , '' kenzie said quickly , and i swore under my breath , knowing i had screwed up . 
 `` he 's this big-shot lawyer and everyone is terrified of him , so they p ** syfoot around me , too . 
 whatever . '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` i do n't want to talk about my dad . 
 we were talking about you . '' 
 `` the huge , colossal megajerk , '' i reminded her . 
 `` exactly . 
 i do n't know if you realize this , ethan , but you 're a good-looking guy . 
 people are going to notice you , bad-boy reputation or not . '' 
 i gave her a dubious look , and she nodded . 
 `` i 'm serious . 
 you did n't see the way regan and the others were staring the first time you came into the classroom . 
 chelsea even dared me to go up and ask if you had a girlfriend . '' 
 one corner of her mouth curled in a wry grin . 
 `` i 'm sure you remember how that turned out . '' 
 i grimaced and looked away . 
 yeah , i was a total jackass , was n't i ? 
 believe me , if i could take back everything i said , i would . 
 but it would n't stop the fey . 
 `` but then , we came to the nevernever , '' kenzie went on , gazing a few yards up the road , where keirran 's bright form glided down the pavement . 
 `` and things started making a lot more sense . 
 it must be hard , seeing all these things , knowing they 're out there , and not being able to talk about it to anyone . 
 it must be lonely . '' 
 very lightly , she took my hand , sending electric tingles up my arm , and my breath caught . 
 `` but you have me now , '' she said in a near whisper . 
 `` you can talk to me ... about them . 
 and i wo n't tease or make fun or call you crazy , and you do n't have to worry about it frightening me . 
 i want to know everything i can . 
 i want to know about faeries and mag tuiredh and the nevernever , and you 're my only connection to them now . '' 
 her voice grew defiant . 
 `` so , if you think you can shut me out of your life , tough guy , and keep me in the dark , then you do n't know me at all . 
 i can be just as stubborn as you . '' 
 `` do n't . '' 
 i could n't look at her , could n't face the quiet sincerity in her voice . 
 fear stirred , the knowledge that she was only putting herself in danger the longer she stayed with me . 
 `` there is no connection , kenzie , '' i said , pulling my hand from hers . 
 `` and i wo n't be telling you anything about the fey . 
 not now , not ever . 
 just forget that you ever saw them , and leave me alone . '' 
 her stunned , hurt silence ate into me , and i sighed , stabbing my fingers through my hair . 
 `` you think i want to keep pushing people away ? '' 
 i asked softly . 
 `` i do n't enjoy being the freak , the one everyone avoids . 
 i really , truly do not take pleasure in being a complete a ** hole . '' 
 my voice dropped even lower . 
 `` especially to people like you . '' 
 `` then why do it ? '' 
 `` because people who get close to me get hurt ! '' 
 i snapped , finally whirling to face her . 
 she blinked , and the memory of another girl swam through my head , red ponytail bobbing behind her , a spray of freckles across her nose . 
 `` every time , '' i continued in a softer voice . 
 `` i ca n't stop it . 
 i ca n't stop them from following me . 
 if it was just me that the fey picked on , i 'd be okay with that . 
 but someone else always pays for my sight . 
 someone else always gets hurt instead of me . '' 
 tearing my gaze from hers , i looked out over the fields . 
 `` i 'd rather be alone , '' i muttered , `` than to have to watch that again . '' 
 `` again ? '' 
 `` hey , '' keirran called from somewhere up ahead . 
 `` we 're here . '' 
 grateful for the interruption , i hurried to where the faery waited for us beneath the branches of a large pine by the side of the road . 
 striding through weeds , i followed keirran 's gaze to where the top of a ferris wheel , yellow and spotted with rust , poked above the distant trees . 
 lights flickered through the branches . 
 `` come on , '' keirran encouraged , sounding eager , and jogged forward . 
 we followed , trailing him under branches , through knee-high grass and across an empty , weed-choked parking lot . 
 past a wooden fence covered in vines and ivy , the trees fell away , and we were staring at the remains of an abandoned fairground . 
 though the park seemed empty , lanterns and torchlight flickered erratically , lighting the way between empty booths , some still draped with the limp , moldy forms of stuffed animals . 
 a popcorn cart lay overturned in the weeds a few yards away , the glass smashed , the innards picked clean by scavengers . 
 we passed the bumper cars , sitting empty and silent on their tracks , and walked beneath a swing ride , the chains creaking softly in the wind . 
 the carousel sat in the distance , peeling and rusted , dozens of once-colorful horses now flaking away with age and time . 
 keirran skidded to a halt in front of a darkened funnel cake booth , his face grave . 
 `` something is wrong , '' he muttered , turning slowly . 
 `` this place should be crawling with exiles . 
 there 's supposed to be a goblin market here year-round . 
 where is everyone ? '' 
 `` looks like your friend might not be here , '' i said , switching my sticks to both hands , just in case there was trouble . 
 he did n't seem to hear me and abruptly broke into a sprint that took him between the midway aisles . 
 kenzie and i hurried after him . 
 `` annwyl ! '' 
 he called , jogging up to a booth that at one point had featured a basketball game , as several nets dangled from the back wall . 
 the booth was dark and empty , though flowers were scattered everywhere inside , dried stems and petals fluttering across the counter . 
 `` annwyl , '' keirran said again , leaping easily over the wall , into the booth . 
 `` are you here ? 
 where are you ? '' 
 no one answered him . 
 breathing hard , the faery gazed around the empty stall for a moment , then turned and slammed his fist into the counter , making the whole structure shake . 
 razor squeaked , and kenzie and i stared at him . 
 `` gone , '' he whispered , bowing his head , as the gremlin buzzed worriedly and patted his neck . 
 `` where is she ? 
 where is everyone ? 
 are they all with her ? '' 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 i leaned against the counter , brushing away drifts of petals and leaves . 
 they had a rotten , sickly sweet smell , and i tried not to breathe in . 
 `` who 's with her ? 
 who is annwyl ? 
 why - ? '' 
 i trailed off , my blood turning cold . 
 was it my imagination , or had i just seen a white shimmer float between the booths farther down the aisle ? 
 carefully , i straightened , gripping my weapons , my skin starting to prickle with goose bumps . 
 `` keirran , we have to get out of here now . '' 
 he looked up warily , reaching back for his weapon . 
 and then , something slipped from the booths onto the dusty path , and we both froze . 
 at first , it looked like a giant cat . 
 it had a sleek , muscular body , short fur and a long , thin tail that lashed its hindquarters . 
 but when it turned its head , its face was n't a cat 's but an old , wrinkled woman 's , her hair hanging limply around her neck , her eyes beady and cruel . 
 she turned toward us , and i ducked behind the stall , pulling kenzie down with me , as keirran vanished behind the counter . 
 i saw that the cat-thing 's front paws were actually bony hands with long , crooked nails , but worst of all , her body flickered and shimmered in the air like heat waves . 
 like the creepy fey that had chased me and kenzie into the nevernever . 
 except this one seemed a bit more solid than the others . 
 not nearly so transparent . 
 i suddenly had a sinking suspicion of what had happened to the exiles . 
 keirran squeezed through a crack in the cloth walls and crouched down beside us . 
 `` what is that ? '' 
 he whispered , gripping his sword . 
 `` i 've never seen anything like it before . '' 
 `` i have . '' 
 i peeked around the corner . 
 the cat-thing was turning in slow circles , as if she knew something was there but could n't see it . 
 `` something similar took my friend and chased us - '' i gestured to kenzie and myself '' - into the nevernever . 
 i think they 're the ones that have been kidnapping exiles and half-breeds . '' 
 keirran 's gaze darkened , and he suddenly looked extremely dangerous , eyes glowing with an icy light as he stood slowly . 
 `` then perhaps we should make sure it does n't hurt anyone else . '' 
 `` you sure that 's a good idea ? '' 
 `` ethan . '' 
 kenzie squeezed my arm , looking frightened but trying not to let it show . 
 `` i do n't see it , '' she whispered . 
 `` i do n't see anything . '' 
 `` but the little boys can , '' hissed a voice behind us , and another cat-thing padded out of the darkness between the stalls . 
 i jumped to my feet , pulling kenzie up with me . 
 the cat-fey 's wizened face creased in a smile , showing sharp feline teeth . 
 `` little humans , '' she purred , as the other faery came around the corner , boxing us in . 
 i shivered as the air around us grew cold . 
 `` you can see us and hear us . 
 how encouraging . '' 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 keirran demanded , and raised his sword , pointing it at the nearest cat-thing . 
 on his shoulder , razor growled and buzzed at the faeries , baring his teeth . 
 `` what did you do to the exiles here ? '' 
 the cat-fey hissed and drew back at the sight of the iron weapon . 
 `` not human , '' rasped the other behind us . 
 `` the bright one is not completely human . 
 i can feel his glamour . 
 he is strong . '' 
 she growled , taking a step forward . 
 `` we should bring him to the lady . '' 
 i raised my sticks and eased back , closer to keirran , trapping kenzie between us . 
 she glanced around wildly , trying to see the invisible threats , but it was obvious that she did n't even hear them . 
 the second cat-thing blinked slowly , running a tongue along her thin mouth . 
 `` yes , '' she agreed , flexing her nails . 
 `` we will bring the half-breed to the lady , but it would be a shame to waste all that lovely glamour . 
 perhaps we will just take a little . '' 
 her mouth opened , stretching impossibly wide , a gaping hole in her wrinkled face . 
 i felt a ripple around us , a pulling sensation , as if the cat-fey was sucking the air into itself . 
 i braced myself for something nasty , pressing close to kenzie , but except for a faint sluggish feeling , nothing happened . 
 but keirran staggered and fell to one knee , putting a hand against the booth to catch himself . 
 as i stared , he seemed to fade a bit , his brightness getting dimmer , the color leeched from his hair and clothes . 
 razor screeched and flickered from sight , going in and out like a bad television station . 
 the other faery cackled , and i glared at it , torn between helping keirran and protecting the girl . 
 suddenly , the cat-thing choked , convulsed and hurled itself back from keirran . 
 `` poison ! '' 
 she screeched , gagging and heaving , as if she wanted to cough up a hairball . 
 `` poison ! 
 murder ! '' 
 she spasmed again , curling in on herself as her body began to break apart , to dissolve like sugar in water . 
 `` iron ! '' 
 she wailed , clawing at the ground , at herself , her beady eyes wild . 
 `` he 's an iron abomination ! 
 kill him , sister ! 
 kill them all ! '' 
 she vanished then , blowing away in the breeze , as the other cat-thing screamed its fury and pounced . 
 i brought my rattan down , smashing it over the faery 's skull , then sliding away to land a few solid blows on its shoulder . 
 it screeched in pain and whirled on me , favoring its right leg . 
 `` so , you 're real enough to hit , after all . '' 
 i grinned . 
 snarling , it lunged , clawing at me , and i sidestepped again , angling out like guro had taught me , whipping my rattan several times across the wizened face . 
 shaking its head , the faery backed up , hissing furiously , one eye squeezed shut . 
 pale , silvery blood dripped from its mouth and jaw , writhing away as soon as it touched the ground . 
 i twirled my sticks and stepped closer , forcing it back . 
 kenzie had retreated a few steps and was crouched next to keirran ; i could hear her asking if he was all right , and his quiet assurance that he was fine . 
 `` boy , '' the cat-faery hissed , her lips pulled back in a snarl of hate , `` you will pay for this . 
 you all will . 
 when we return , there will be nothing that will save you from our wrath . '' 
 turning , the cat-thing bounded into the darkness between the stalls and vanished from sight . 
 i breathed a sigh of relief and turned to keirran , who was struggling upright , one hand still on the booth wall . 
 razor made angry , garbled noises on his shoulder , punctuated with the words `` bad kitty ! '' 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 i asked , and he nodded wearily . 
 `` what just happened there ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 he gave kenzie a grateful smile and took a step forward , standing on his own . 
 `` when that thing turned on me , it felt like everything-my strength , my emotions , even my memory-was being sucked out . 
 it was ... awful . '' 
 he shuddered , rubbing a forearm . 
 `` i feel like there are pieces of me missing now , and i 'll never get them back . '' 
 i remembered the dead piskie , the way she 'd looked right before she died , like all her color had been drained away . 
 `` it was draining your magic , '' i said , and keirran nodded . 
 `` so , these things , whatever they are , they eat the glamour of regular fey , suck them dry until there 's nothing left . '' 
 `` like vampires , '' kenzie put in . 
 `` vampire fey that hunt their own kind . '' 
 she wrinkled her nose . 
 `` that 's creepy . 
 why would they do that ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` i have no idea . '' 
 `` it got more than it bargained for , though , '' keirran went on , gazing at the spot where the cat-faery had died . 
 `` whatever they are , it looks like they 're still deathly allergic to iron . '' 
 `` so they 're not iron fey , at least . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 keirran shivered and dropped his hands . 
 `` though i have no idea what they are . '' 
 `` keirran ! '' 
 the shout echoed down the rows , making keirran jerk his head up , hope flaring in his eyes . 
 a moment later , a willowy girl in a green-and-brown dress turned a corner and sprinted toward us . 
 keirran smiled , and razor gave a welcoming buzz , waving his arms . 
 i tensed . 
 the girl was fey , i could see that easily . 
 the tips of her ears peeked up through her golden-brown hair , which was braided with vines and flowers and hung several inches past her waist . 
 she had that unnatural grace of all fey , that perfect beauty where it was tempting to stare at her and completely forget to eat , sleep , breathe or anything else . 
 keirran stepped forward , forgetting kenzie and me completely , his eyes only for the faery approaching us . 
 the fey girl halted just shy of touching him , as if she 'd intended to fling herself into his arms but thought better of it at the last moment . 
 `` annwyl . '' 
 keirran hesitated , as if he , too , wanted to pull her close , only to decide against it . 
 his gaze never left the summer faery , though , and she did n't seem to notice the two humans standing behind him . 
 there was a moment of awkward silence , broken only by razor , chattering on keirran 's shoulder , before the faery girl shook her head . 
 `` you should n't be here , keirran , '' she said , her voice lilting and soft , like water over a rock bed . 
 `` it 's going to get you in trouble . 
 why did you come ? '' 
 `` i heard what was happening in the mortal realm , '' keirran replied , stepping forward and reaching for her hand . 
 `` i heard the rumor that something is out here , killing off exiles and half-breeds . '' 
 his other hand rose as if to brush her cheek . 
 `` i had to come see you , to make sure you were all right . '' 
 annwyl hesitated . 
 longing showed on her face , but she stepped back before keirran could touch her . 
 his eyes closed , briefly , and he let his arm drop . 
 `` you should n't be here , '' the girl insisted . 
 `` it is n't safe , especially now . 
 there are ... creatures . '' 
 `` we saw , '' keirran replied , and annwyl gave him a frightened look . 
 his gaze hardened , ice-blue eyes glinting dangerously . 
 `` those things , '' he went on . 
 `` is she aware of them ? 
 is that why the market has been disbanded ? '' 
 the fey girl nodded . 
 `` she knows you 're here , '' she replied in her soft , rippling voice . 
 `` she 's waiting for you . 
 i 'm supposed to bring you to her . 
 but ... '' her gaze finally slid to mine , and the large , moss-green eyes widened . 
 `` you brought mortals here ? '' 
 she asked , sounding confused . 
 `` who ... ? '' 
 `` ah . 
 yes , where are my manners ? '' 
 keirran glanced back , as well , as if just remembering us . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 ethan , this is annwyl , formerly of the summer court . 
 annwyl , may i introduce ... ethan chase . '' 
 the faery gasped . 
 `` chase ? 
 the queen 's brother ? '' 
 `` yes , '' keirran said , and nodded to kenzie . 
 `` also , kenzie st. james . 
 they 're both friends of mine . '' 
 i glanced at keirran , surprised by the casual way he threw out the word friends . 
 we 'd only just met and were virtually strangers , but keirran acted as if he 'd known us far longer . 
 but that was crazy ; i 'd never seen him before tonight . 
 solemnly , the summer faery pulled back and dropped into a deep curtsy , directed at me , i realized . 
 `` do n't , '' i muttered , waving it off . 
 `` i 'm not a prince . 
 you do n't have to do that with me . '' 
 annwyl blinked large , moss-green eyes . 
 `` but ... you are , '' she said in her rippling voice . 
 `` you 're the queen 's brother . 
 even if you 're not one of us , we - '' `` i said it 's fine . '' 
 briefly , i wondered what would happen if all faeries knew who i was . 
 would they treat me with respect and leave me alone ? 
 or would my life get even more chaotic and dangerous , as they saw me as a weak link that could be exploited ? 
 i had a feeling it would be the latter . 
 `` i 'm not anyone special , '' i told the summer girl , who still looked unconvinced . 
 `` do n't treat me any different than you would keirran . '' 
 i could n't be sure , but i was almost positive keirran hid a small grin behind annwyl 's hair . 
 the summer girl blinked again , and seemed about to say something , when kenzie spoke up . 
 `` um , ethan ? 
 sorry to be a normal human and all , but ... who are we talking to ? '' 
 keirran chuckled . 
 `` oh , right . '' 
 to annwyl , he said , `` i 'm afraid mackenzie ca n't see you right now . 
 she 's only human . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 annwyl glanced at kenzie , and her eyes widened . 
 `` oh , of course . 
 please excuse me . '' 
 a shiver went through the air around her , and kenzie jumped as the faery girl materialized in front of us . 
 `` is this better ? '' 
 kenzie sighed . 
 `` i 'll never get used to that . '' 
 the summer faery smiled , but then her eyes darkened and she drew back . 
 `` come , '' she urged , glancing around the fairgrounds . 
 `` we ca n't stay out here . 
 it 's gotten dangerous . '' 
 her gaze swept the aisles like a wary deer 's . 
 `` i 'm supposed to bring you to the mistress . 
 this way . '' 
 we followed annwyl across the dead amusement park , through the silent fairway , past the ferris wheel , creaking softly in the wind , until we came to the house of mirrors in the shadow of a wooden roller coaster . 
 walking past weird , distorted reflections of ourselves-fat , short , tall with gorillalike arms-we finally came to a narrow mirror in a shadowy corner , and annwyl looked back at keirran . 
 `` it 's a bit ... crowded , '' she warned , her gaze flicking to me and kenzie . 
 `` no one wants to be on this side of the veil , not with those things out there . '' 
 she shuddered , and i saw keirran wince , too . 
 `` fair warning , '' she continued , watching keirran with undeniable affection . 
 `` the mistress is a little ... cranky these days . 
 she might not appreciate you showing up now , especially with two humans . '' 
 `` i 'll risk it , '' keirran said softly , holding her gaze . 
 annwyl smiled at him , then put her hand to the mirror in front of us . 
 it shimmered , growing even more distorted , and the fey girl stepped through the glass , vanishing from sight . 
 keirran looked at us and smiled . 
 `` after you . '' 
 taking kenzie 's hand , i stepped through the shifting glass , and the real world faded behind us once more . 
 * * * we stepped through the doorway into a dark , underground room , a basement maybe , or even a dungeon . 
 the summer girl beckoned us forward , down the shadowy halls . 
 torches flickered in brackets as we followed annwyl down the damp corridors , and gargoyles watched us from stone columns , sneering as we went by . 
 fey also walked these halls : boggarts and bogies and a couple of goblins , fey that preferred the dank and damp and shadows , avoiding the light . 
 they eyed us with hungry curiosity , and kenzie eyed them back , able to see again now that we were back in faery . 
 they kept their distance , though , and we walked up a flight of long wooden steps , where a pair of crimson doors perched at the top . 
 annwyl pushed them open . 
 noise and light flooded the stairway . 
 the doors opened into an enormous , red-walled foyer , and the foyer was filled with fey . 
 faeries stood or sat on the carpeted floors , talking in low murmurs . 
 goblins muttered amongst themselves , clumped in small groups , glancing around warily . 
 brownies , satyrs and piskies hovered through the room , looking lost . 
 a couple redcaps stood in a corner , baring their fangs at whoever got too close . 
 one of them noticed me and nudged his companion , jerking his chin in our direction . 
 the other grinned , running a pale tongue over his teeth , and i glared stonily back , daring it to try something . 
 the redcap sneered , made a rude gesture , and went back to threatening the crowd . 
 more fey clustered along the walls , some of them standing guard over tables and boxes of weird stuff . 
 in one corner , a faery in a white cloak straightened a stand of feather masks , while near the fireplace , a crooked hag plucked a skewer of mice from the flames and set it , still smoking , next to a plate of frogs and what looked like a cooked cat . 
 the stench of burning fur drifted to me across the room , and kenzie made a tiny gagging noise . 
 but even with all the weird , unearthly and dangerous faeries in the room , there was only one that really mattered . 
 in the center of all the chaos , a cigarette wand in one hand and a peeved look on her face , was the most striking faery i 'd ever seen . 
 copper-gold hair floated around her like a mane , and a gown hugged her slender body , the long slit up the side showing impossibly graceful legs . 
 she was tall , regal and obviously annoyed , for she kept pursing her lips and blowing blue smoke into snarling wolves that ripped each other to pieces as they thrashed through the air . 
 a black-bearded dwarf stood beneath her glare , a wooden box sitting beside him . 
 the box had been draped with a dark cloth , and growling , hissing noises came from within as it shook back and forth . 
 `` i do n't care if the beast was already paid for , darling . '' 
 the faery 's high , clear voice rang out over the crowd . 
 `` you 're not keeping that thing here . '' 
 her tone was hypnotic , exasperated as it was . 
 `` i will not have my human pets turned into stone because the duchess of thorns has an unnatural craving for cockatrice eggs . '' 
 `` please . '' 
 the dwarf , held up his thick hands , pleading . 
 `` leanansidhe , please , be reasonable . '' 
 i sucked in a breath , and my blood turned to ice . 
 leanansidhe ? 
 leanansidhe , the freaking exile queen ? 
 i leveled a piercing glare at keirran , who offered a weak grin . 
 everyone in faery knew who leanansidhe was , myself included . 
 meghan had mentioned her name a few times , but beyond that , you could n't meet an exiled fey who had n't heard of the dangerous dark muse and was n't terrified of her . 
 `` get it out of my house , feddic . '' 
 the exile queen pointed to the door we 'd come through . 
 `` i do n't care what you do with it , but i want it gone . 
 or would you like to be barred from my home permanently ? 
 take your chances with the life-sucking monsters out in the real world ? '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 the dwarf shrank back , eyes wide . 
 `` i 'll ... i 'll get rid of it , leanansidhe , '' he stammered . 
 `` right now . '' 
 `` be sure that you do , pet . '' 
 leanansidhe pursed her lips , sucking on her cigarette flute . 
 she sighed , and the smoke image of a rooster went scurrying away over our heads . 
 `` if i find one more creature in this house turned to stone ... '' she trailed off , but the terrifying look in her eyes spoke louder than words . 
 the dwarf grabbed the hissing , cloth-covered box and hurried away , muttering under his breath . 
 we stepped aside as he passed and continued down the stairs without glancing at us , then disappeared into the shadows . 
 leanansidhe pinched the bridge of her nose , then straightened and looked right at us . 
 `` well , well , '' she purred , smiling in a way i did not like at all , `` keirran , darling . 
 here you are again . 
 to what do i owe the pleasure ? '' 
 she gave me a cursory glance before turning back to keirran . 
 `` and you brought a pair of humans with you , i see . 
 more strays , darling ? '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` your concern for hopeless waifs is very touching , but if you think you 're going to dump them here , dove , i 'm afraid i just do n't have the room . '' 
 keirran bowed . 
 `` leanansidhe . '' 
 he nodded , looking around at the crowd of fey . 
 `` looks like you have a full house . '' 
 `` noticed that , did you , pet ? '' 
 the exile queen sighed and puffed out a cougar . 
 `` yes , i have been reduced to running the goblin market from my own living room , which makes it very difficult to concentrate on other things . 
 not to mention it 's driving my human pets even more crazy than usual . 
 they can barely strum a note or hold a tune with all the chaos around . '' 
 she touched two elegant fingers to her temple , as if she had a headache . 
 keirran looked unimpressed . 
 the exile queen sniffed . 
 `` sadly , i 'm very busy at the moment , darling , so if you want to make yourself useful , why do n't you be a good boy and take a message home ? 
 tell the iron queen that something is going on in the real world , and she might want to know about it . 
 if you 're here just to make googly-eyes at annwyl , my darling prince , i 'm afraid i do n't have time for you . '' 
 prince ? 
 wait . 
 `` wait . '' 
 i turned , very slowly , to stare at keirran , ignoring the exile queen for the moment . 
 keirran grimaced and did n't look at me . 
 `` care to say that again ? '' 
 i asked , disbelief making my stomach knot . 
 my mouth was suddenly dry . 
 `` you 're a prince-of the iron realm ? 
 then , you ... you 're meghan 's ... '' i could n't even finish the thought . 
 from the corner of my eye , leanansidhe straightened . 
 `` ethan chase . '' 
 her voice was low and dangerous , as if she 'd just figured out who was standing in her living room . 
 i could n't look at her now , though . 
 my attention was riveted to keirran . 
 he shot me a pained , embarrassed wince . 
 `` yeah . 
 i was going to tell you ... sooner or later . 
 there just was n't a good time . '' 
 he paused , his voice going very soft . 
 `` i 'm sorry ... uncle . '' 
 razor let out a high-pitched , buzzing laugh . 
 `` uncle ! '' 
 he howled , oblivious to the looks of horror and disgust he was getting from every faery in the room . 
 `` uncle , uncle ! 
 uncle ethan ! '' 
 part iii chapter sixteen leanansidhe 's price i felt numb . 
 and slightly sick . 
 keirran-this faery before me-was ash and meghan 's son . 
 how had i not figured it out before ? 
 everything fit together : his human blood , his iron glamour , even the familiar expressions on his face . 
 they were familiar because i 'd seen them before . 
 on meghan . 
 i could see the resemblance now ; his eyes , hair and facial features-they were all my sister 's . 
 but ash 's shadow hovered there as well , in his jaw , his stance , the way he moved . 
 for a second , i hated him . 
 before either of us could say anything , the exiled fey in the room gasped and snarled , surging away from keirran as if he had a disease . 
 murmurs of `` the iron prince , '' spread through the crowd , and the circle of fey seemed to hover between bowing down or fleeing the room . 
 leanansidhe gave us both an extremely exasperated glare , as if we were the cause of her headaches , and snapped her fingers at us . 
 `` annwyl , darling . '' 
 the exile queen 's tone made the fey girl cringe , and keirran moved to stand protectively beside her . 
 `` wait here , would you , dove ? 
 try to keep the masses in check while i deal with this little bump . 
 you three . '' 
 she shifted that cold gaze to us , her tone brooking no argument . 
 `` follow me , pets . 
 and , keirran , keep that wretched gremlin under control this time , or i 'll be forced to do something drastic . '' 
 kenzie , forgotten beside us all , shot me a worried glance , and i shrugged , trying to look unconcerned . 
 we started to follow leanansidhe , but annwyl and keirran lingered for a moment . 
 leanansidhe rolled her eyes . 
 `` sometime today , pets . '' 
 she sighed , as annwyl finally turned away and keirran looked dejected . 
 `` while i 'm still in a reasonable enough mood not to turn anyone into a cello . '' 
 turning in a swirl of blue smoke , the exile queen led us out of the room , down several long , red-carpeted hallways , and into a library . 
 huge shelves of books lined the walls , and a lively tune swam through the air , played by a human with a violin in the far corner . 
 `` out , charles , '' leanansidhe announced as she swept into the room , and the human quickly packed up his instrument and fled through another door . 
 the exile queen spun on us . 
 `` well ! '' 
 she exclaimed , gazing down at me , her hair writhing around her . 
 `` ethan chase . 
 this is a surprise . 
 the son and the brother of the iron queen , come to visit at the same time , what an occasion . 
 how is your darling older sister , pet ? '' 
 she asked me . 
 `` i assume you 've been to see her recently ? '' 
 `` meghan 's fine , '' i muttered , feeling self-conscious with keirran standing there . 
 now that i knew we were ... related ... it felt weird , talking about meghan in front of him . 
 screw that . 
 you want weird ? 
 weird is having a nephew the same age as you . 
 weird is your sister having a kid , and not telling your family about him . 
 weird is being an uncle to a freaking half-faery ! 
 forget weird , you are so beyond weird that it 's not funny . 
 leanansidhe tsked and looked at keirran , and a slow smile crossed her lips . 
 `` and keirran , you devious boy , '' she purred . 
 `` you did n't tell him , did you ? '' 
 she laughed then , shaking her head . 
 `` well , this is an unexpected family drama , is n't it ? 
 i wonder what the iron queen would say if she could be here now ? '' 
 `` wait a second . '' 
 kenzie 's voice broke in , bewildered and incredulous . 
 `` keirran is your nephew ? 
 he 's the iron queen 's son ? 
 but ... you 're the same age ! '' 
 she gestured wildly . 
 `` how in the world does that work ? '' 
 `` ah , well . '' 
 keirran shrugged , looking embarrassed . 
 `` remember the screwy time differences in faery ? 
 that 's part of it . 
 also , the fey mature at a faster rate than mortals-comes with living in a place as dangerous as the nevernever , i guess . 
 we grow up quickly until we hit a certain point , then we just ... stop . '' 
 he gave another sheepish grin . 
 `` trust me , you 're not the only ones to be shocked . 
 it was a big surprise for mom , too . '' 
 i glared at keirran , forgetting kenzie and leanansidhe for the moment . 
 `` why did n't you say anything ? '' 
 i demanded . 
 keirran sighed . 
 `` how ? '' 
 he asked , lifting his hands away from his sides , before letting them drop . 
 `` when would it have come up ? 
 oh , by the way , i 'm the prince of the iron realm , and your nephew . 
 surprise ! '' 
 he shrugged again , made a hopeless gesture . 
 `` it would 've been weird . 
 and ... awkward . 
 and i 'm pretty sure you would n't have wanted anything to do with me if you knew . '' 
 `` why did n't meghan say anything ? 
 that 's kind of a big thing to keep from your family . '' 
 `` i do n't know , ethan . '' 
 keirran shook his head . 
 `` she never talks about you , never speaks about her human life . 
 i did n't even know i had another family until a few years ago . '' 
 he paused , ran his fingers through his silver hair . 
 `` i was shocked when i heard that the queen had a brother living in the mortal world . 
 but when i asked her about it , she told me that we had to live separate lives , that mingling the two families would only bring trouble to us both . 
 i disagreed-i wanted to meet you , but she forbade me to come and see you at all . '' 
 he sounded sincere and genuinely sorry , that he had n't been able to introduce himself . 
 my anger with him dissolved a little , only to switch to another target . 
 meghan , i thought , furious . 
 how could you ? 
 how could you not tell us ? 
 what was the point ? 
 `` when i heard you were at the palace , '' keirran went on , his face earnest , as if he was willing me to believe him , `` i could n't believe it . 
 i had to see for myself . 
 but when razor told me what you said-that something was killing off exiles and half-breeds-i knew i had to get to annwyl , make sure she was safe . 
 so i thought , two birds with one stone , why not ? '' 
 he offered a shrug and a wry grin , before sobering once more . 
 `` i did n't tell you everything , and i 'm sorry for that . 
 but i had to make certain you would follow me out of the iron realm . '' 
 my head was still reeling . 
 meghan 's son . 
 my nephew . 
 i could barely wrap my mind around it . 
 i did n't know if i should be disgusted , horrified , ecstatic or completely weirded out . 
 i did know that i was going to have to talk to meghan about this , ask why she felt it was important to keep us in the dark . 
 screw this `` living separate lives '' crap . 
 she had a kid ! 
 half-faery or no , you did not keep that sort of thing from your family . 
 `` well , '' leanansidhe interjected with a wave of her cigarette flute , `` much as i 'm enjoying this little drama , pets , i 'm afraid we can not sit around and argue the whole day . 
 i have larger problems to attend to . 
 i assume you boys did not see the abominations lurking around the fairgrounds ? '' 
 `` we did , actually . '' 
 it was n't keirran who answered the exile queen . 
 it was kenzie . 
 i grimaced and turned away from the iron prince , vowing to deal with this later , when i had time to think it through . 
 right now , the dark muse had turned her attention on the girl who , up until this point , had been standing off to the side , watching the drama play out . 
 truthfully , i was happy for that ; it was probably best that she avoid leanansidhe 's notice as much as she could . 
 but , of course , kenzie could never stay silent for long . 
 `` we did see them , '' she repeated , and the dark muse blinked at her in surprise . 
 `` well , they did , '' she continued , jerking her head at me and keirran . 
 `` i could n't see anything . 
 but i do know something attacked us . 
 they 're the ones killing off your people , right ? '' 
 `` and , who are you again , dove ? '' 
 `` oh , sorry , '' kenzie went on , as leanansidhe continued to stare as if she was seeing the girl for the first time . 
 `` i 'm mackenzie , ethan 's classmate . 
 we sort of got pulled into the nevernever together . '' 
 `` how ... tenacious , '' leanansidhe mused after a moment . 
 and i did n't know if she found kenzie amusing or offensive . 
 i hoped it was the former . 
 `` well , if you must know , darling , yes , something out there is making exiles disappear . 
 as you can see from the state of my living room , the exiled fey are practically tearing down my walls trying to get in . 
 i have n't had this much trouble since the war with the iron fey . '' 
 she paused and leveled a piercing glare at razor , humming on keirran 's shoulder . 
 the gremlin seemed happily oblivious . 
 `` any idea what 's causing it ? '' 
 kenzie asked , slipping into reporter mode like she had at the tournament . 
 if she 'd had a notebook , it would have been flipped open right now , pencil scribbling furiously . 
 leanansidhe sighed . 
 `` vague ideas , darling . 
 rumors of horrible monsters sucking the glamour out of their victims until they are lifeless husks . 
 i 've never seen the horrid things , of course , but there have been several disappearances from the fairgrounds , as well as all over the world . '' 
 `` all over the world ? '' 
 i broke in . 
 `` is it really that widespread ? '' 
 leanansidhe gave me an eerie stare . 
 `` you have no idea , darling , '' she said softly . 
 `` and neither do the courts . 
 your sister remains happily ignorant to the threat in the mortal realm , and summer and winter do not even care . 
 but ... let me show you something . '' 
 she strode to a table in the corner of the room , where a huge map of the world lay spread across the wood . 
 red dots marked the surface , some isolated , some clumped together . 
 there were a fair number spread across north america , but also a bunch in england , ireland and great britain . 
 scattered , perhaps . 
 it was n't as though a whole area was covered with red . 
 no continent was unmarked , however . 
 north america , europe , africa , australia , asia , south america . 
 they all had their share of red dots . 
 `` i 've been tracking disappearances , '' leanansidhe said into the stunned silence . 
 `` exiles and half-breeds alike . 
 as you can see , darlings , it 's quite widespread . 
 and each time i send someone out to investigate , they do not return . 
 it 's becoming - '' leanansidhe pursed her lips '' - annoying . '' 
 i gazed at the map , my fingers hovering over a spot in the united states . 
 two bright red dots in the state of louisiana , near my home town . 
 todd . 
 keirran scanned the table , his expression grave . 
 `` and the other courts do nothing ? '' 
 he murmured . 
 `` mab and oberon and titania do n't know what 's going on ? '' 
 `` they 've been informed , darling , '' leanansidhe said , waving her cigarette flute in a dismissive manner . 
 `` however , the summer and winter courts do not think it important enough to intervene . 
 what do they care about the lives of a few exiles and half-breeds ? 
 as long as the problem remains in the mortal realm , they are content to do nothing . '' 
 `` why did n't you tell meghan ? '' 
 i broke in . 
 `` she would 've done something . 
 she 's trying to do something now . '' 
 leanansidhe frowned at me . 
 `` that might be true , pet . 
 but sadly , i have no way to get a message to the iron queen without my informants dropping dead from iron sickness . 
 it is very difficult to contact the iron realm when no one is willing to set foot there . 
 in fact , i was waiting for this one - '' she waved her flute at keirran '' - to come sniffing around after annwyl again , so that i could give him a message to bring back to mag tuiredh . '' 
 keirran blushed slightly but did n't reply . 
 razor giggled on his shoulder . 
 i looked down at the map again , my thoughts whirling . 
 so many gone . 
 a part of me said not to care , that the fey were finally getting what they deserved after centuries of making humans disappear . 
 but there was more at stake now . 
 todd was still missing , and i 'd promised to find him . 
 meghan would be getting involved soon . 
 and now , there was keirran . 
 i did n't want to think about keirran right now . 
 `` then , '' i muttered , continuing to gaze at the map , `` you 're going to need someone who can investigate these things , someone who is n't a half-breed or an exile , who does n't have any glamour they can suck dry . '' 
 someone who 's human . 
 `` exactly , darling . '' 
 leanansidhe stared down with a chilling gleam in her eyes . 
 i could feel it on the back of my neck without even seeing her . 
 `` so ... are you volunteering , pet ? '' 
 i sighed . 
 `` yeah , '' i muttered and straightened to face her . 
 `` i am . 
 i have a friend i 've got to find , but this has become even bigger than that . 
 i do n't know what freaks are out there , and i do n't like it . 
 if these glamour-sucking things are so widespread , it 's only a matter of time before all the exiles are gone , and then they might start on the nevernever . '' 
 where meghan is . 
 `` excellent , darling , excellent . '' 
 leanansidhe beamed , looking pleased . 
 `` and what about you two ? '' 
 she asked , gesturing to kenzie and keirran , on opposite ends of the table . 
 `` what will the son of the iron queen do , now that he 's aware of the danger ? 
 you can always go home , you know , warn the kingdom . 
 though i ca n't imagine the iron queen will be pleased when she finds out what you 've been doing . '' 
 `` i 'm going with ethan , '' keirran said softly . 
 `` i have to . 
 whatever these things are , i wo n't stand by while they kill off any more of our kind , exiled or not . '' 
 `` including annwyl , is that right , pet ? '' 
 keirran faced the exile queen directly , raising his chin . 
 `` especially her . '' 
 `` i 'm going , too , '' kenzie piped in , and frowned at me , as if guessing i was just about to suggest she go home . 
 which i was , but she did n't need to know . 
 `` kenzie , this is n't your fight anymore . '' 
 i looked at keirran , hoping he would back me on this . 
 he just shrugged unhelpfully . 
 `` you do n't have a stake in this , '' i continued , trying to be reasonable . 
 `` you have no family or siblings or - '' i looked at keirran '' - girlfriends to worry about . 
 you did n't even know todd very well . 
 we 're closer to the mortal world than we 've ever been now , and you can go home anytime . 
 why are you still here ? '' 
 `` because i want to be ! '' 
 she snapped , like that was the end of it . 
 we glared at each other , and she threw up her hands . 
 `` jeez , ethan , we 've been over this already . 
 get it through your stubborn head , okay ? 
 do you think , with everything i 've seen , i can just go home and forget it all ? 
 i 'm not here because of family or siblings or friends-i 'm here because of you ! 
 and because i want to see this ! 
 i want to know what 's out there . '' 
 `` you ca n't even see them , '' i argued . 
 `` these things exist in the real world , remember ? 
 you do n't have the sight , so how are you going to help us when you wo n't even know where they are ? '' 
 she pursed her lips . 
 `` i 'll ... think of something . '' 
 `` i may be able to help with that , darling , '' leanansidhe broke in . 
 we looked up , and the exile queen smiled at kenzie , twiddling her cigarette holder . 
 `` you are a spunky little thing , are n't you , pet ? 
 i rather like you . 
 with all the riffraff from the goblin market hanging out in my living room , i 'm certain we 'll be able to find something that will help you with your nonexistent sight . 
 however ... '' she raised one perfectly manicured nail . 
 `` a warning , my dove . 
 this is not a simple request , nor does it come cheap . 
 to grant a human the sight is not something i take lightly . 
 i will have something from you in return , if you agree . '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 my outburst made kenzie start , though leanansidhe blinked calmly , looking irritated and amused at the same time . 
 `` kenzie , no , '' i said , taking a step toward her . 
 `` never make a deal with the fey . 
 the price is always too high . '' 
 kenzie regarded me briefly , then turned back to the exile queen , her expression thoughtful . 
 `` what kind of price are we talking about ? '' 
 she asked softly . 
 `` kenzie ! '' 
 `` ethan . '' 
 her voice was quiet but firm as she looked over her shoulder . 
 `` it 's my decision . '' 
 `` the hell it is ! 
 i 'm not going to let you do this - '' `` ethan , darling , '' leanansidhe ordered , and brought her finger and thumb together . 
 `` shush . '' 
 and suddenly , i could n't speak . 
 i could n't make a sound . 
 my mouth opened , vocal chords straining to say something , but i had gone as mute as the paint on the wall . 
 `` this is my home , '' the dark muse continued , and the lights flickered on and off as she stared at me . 
 `` and here you will obey my rules . 
 if you do n't like it , pet , you 're welcome to leave . 
 but the girl and i have business to conduct now , so sit down and be a good boy , wo n't you ? 
 do n't make me turn you into a very whiny guitar . '' 
 i clenched my fists , wanting to hit something , wanting to grab kenzie and get us both out of there . 
 but even if i left , leanansidhe would n't let kenzie go , not without completing the bargain . 
 attacking someone as powerful as the exile queen was a very stupid idea , even for me . 
 i wanted to protect kenzie , but i could n't do that if leanansidhe turned me into a guitar . 
 so i could only stand there , clenching and unclenching my fists , as kenzie prepared to deal with the exile queen . 
 keirran watched me , his gaze apologetic , and i resisted the urge to hit him , too . 
 `` ethan . '' 
 kenzie looked back at me , horror crossing her face as she realized what had happened , then whirled on leanansidhe . 
 `` whatever you just did to him , '' she demanded , bristling , `` stop it right now . '' 
 `` oh , pish , darling . 
 he 's just a little tongue-tied at the moment . 
 nothing he wo n't recover from . 
 eventually . '' 
 the exile queen gave me a dismissive wave . 
 `` now , my dove . 
 i believe we have some business to conclude . 
 you want to be able to see the hidden world , and i want something from you , as well . 
 the question is , what are you willing to pay ? '' 
 kenzie stared at me a moment longer , then slowly turned back to the dark muse . 
 `` i take it we 're not talking about money . '' 
 leanansidhe laughed . 
 `` oh , no , my pet . 
 nothing so crude as that . '' 
 she strolled forward until kenzie was just a foot away , gazing up at the exile queen looming over her . 
 `` you have something else that i 'm interested in . '' 
 i started forward , but keirran grabbed my arm . 
 `` ethan , do n't , '' he whispered as i glared at him , wondering if i should n't lock his elbow out and force him to his knees . 
 `` she 'll do something nasty if you try to interfere . 
 i 've seen it . 
 even if it 's not on you , she could take it out on others . 
 i ca n't let you hurt yourself ... or annwyl . '' 
 `` i can feel the creative energy in you , pet , '' the exile queen mused , lightly stroking kenzie 's long black hair , and keirran had to tighten his grip on my arm . 
 `` you are an artist , are n't you , darling ? 
 a smith of words , one might say . '' 
 `` i 'm a journalist , '' kenzie replied cautiously . 
 `` exactly so , darling , '' said leanansidhe , moving a few steps back . 
 `` you create music with words and sentences , not notes . 
 well , here is my bargain , my pet-i will offer you a little of my ... shall we say ` divine inspiration , ' for a very special piece i 'm willing to commission . '' 
 `` and ... what do you want me to write about ? '' 
 `` i want you to publish something about me , darling , '' leanansidhe said , as if that were obvious . 
 `` that 's not such a horrible price , is it , pet ? 
 oh , but here is the real kicker-every word you put down on paper will practically sing from the page . 
 it will touch everyone who reads it , in one form or another . 
 the words will be yours , the thoughts will be yours . 
 i will just add a little inspiration to make the work truly magnificent . 
 let me do this , and i will give you the ability to see the fey . '' 
 kenzie , no ! 
 i wanted to shout . 
 if you let her do this , you 'll be giving a piece of yourself to leanansidhe . 
 she 'll take a bit of your life in exchange for the inspiration , that 's how the dark muse works ! 
 kenzie hesitated , considering . 
 `` one piece ? '' 
 she said at last , as i turned desperately to keirran , grabbing his collar . 
 `` that 's all ? '' 
 say something , i thought , beseeching the faery with my gaze . 
 dammit , keirran , you know what 's going on . 
 you ca n't let her agree without the full knowledge of what she 's getting into . 
 say something ! 
 `` of course , darling , '' leanansidhe said . 
 `` just one tiny piece , written by you . 
 with my help , of course . 
 `` please , '' i mouthed , and keirran sighed . 
 `` that 's not all , leanansidhe , '' he said , releasing my arm and stepping forward . 
 `` you 're not telling her everything . 
 she deserves to know the real price of your inspiration . '' 
 `` keirran , darling , '' leanansidhe said , a definite note of irritation beneath the cheerful facade , `` if i lose this deal because of you , i 'm going to be very unhappy . 
 and when i am unhappy , pet , everyone in my home is unhappy . '' 
 she glowered at keirran , and the lights on the walls flickered . 
 `` i did you a favor by taking the summer girl in , darling . 
 remember that . '' 
 keirran backed off , giving me a dark look , but it was enough . 
 `` what does he mean ? '' 
 kenzie asked as the exile queen huffed in frustration . 
 `` what 's the ` real price ' ? '' 
 `` nothing much , darling , '' leanansidhe soothed , switching tones as she turned back to the girl . 
 `` just ... in the terms of the contract , you will agree to forfeit a tiny bit of your life to me , in exchange for the inspiration . 
 not much , mind you , '' she added , as kenzie 's mouth dropped open . 
 `` a month or two , give or take . 
 of course , this is your natural lifespan only-it does not count for fatal accidents , sickness , disease or other untimely demises . 
 but that is my offer for the sight , my pet . 
 it really is one of my more generous offers . 
 what say you ? '' 
 no , i thought at kenzie . 
 say no . 
 that 's the only thing you can say to an offer like that . 
 `` sure , '' kenzie said immediately , and i gaped at her . 
 `` why not ? 
 a month of my life , in exchange for a lifetime of seeing the fey ? '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` that 's not too bad , in the long run . '' 
 what ? 
 stunned , i could only stare at the girl in horror . 
 do you know what you just did ? 
 you gave away a month of your existence to a faery queen ! 
 you let her shorten your life for nothing . 
 leanansidhe blinked . 
 `` well , '' she mused after a moment . 
 `` that was easy . 
 how fortunate for me . 
 humans are usually extraordinarily attached to their lives , i 've found . 
 but , if that is your decision , then we have a deal , my pet . 
 and i will get you the things you need to acquire the sight . '' 
 she smiled , terribly pleased with herself , and looked at me and keirran . 
 if she saw how i was staring at kenzie , dumbstruck , she did n't comment . 
 `` i will fetch annwyl to show you your rooms . 
 meet me here tomorrow , darlings , and we will discuss where you will go next . 
 until then , the mansion is yours . '' 
 * * * my voice finally returned a few hours later . 
 i had n't seen annwyl or keirran for a while , not since the summer girl had brought us to leanansidhe 's guest rooms and quickly vanished , saying she had work to do . 
 keirran did n't wait very long before following her down the hall . 
 kenzie , i think , was avoiding me , for she disappeared into her room and did n't answer the door when i knocked a few minutes later . 
 so i prowled the mansion , which was huge , wandering its endless corridors , hoping some exiled fey would try to pick a fight with me . 
 nobody did , leaving me to brood without any distractions . 
 keirran . 
 meghan 's son ... and my nephew , disturbing as that was . 
 the whole situation was completely screwed up . 
 i knew time flowed differently in faery , but still . 
 keirran was my age , as were meghan and ash ... i shook my head , veering away from that train of thought . 
 my family had just gotten a whole lot weirder . 
 i wondered what mom would say , if she knew about keirran . 
 she 'd probably freak out . 
 maybe that 's why meghan did n't tell us , i thought , glaring at a bogey crouched under a low shelf like a huge spider , daring it to do something . 
 it took one look at me and vanished into the shadows . 
 maybe she knew mom would n't be able to handle it . 
 maybe she was scared of what i would think ... but , no , that 's not an excuse ! 
 she still should 've told us . 
 that 's not something you can just hide away and hope no one finds out . 
 meghan had a reason for not telling us about keirran , and for trying to keep him away from us , as well . 
 what was it ? 
 as far as i could tell , keirran had no prejudice against humans ; he was polite , soft-spoken , respectful . 
 the complete opposite of me , i thought , rolling my eyes . 
 mom would absolutely love him . 
 but meghan never wanted us to meet , which seemed really odd for her , as well . 
 what could possibly be so horrible that you would have a child and keep it a secret from the rest of your family ? 
 what was n't she telling us about keirran ? 
 voices drifted down the corridor from somewhere up ahead , the soft , garbled buzz of a conversation . 
 i heard annwyl 's lyrical tone through an archway at the end of the hall , and keirran 's quiet voice echo it . 
 not wanting to disturb ... whatever they were doing , i turned to leave , when kenzie 's name filtered through the conversation and caught my attention . 
 wary now , i crept down the corridor until it ended at a large , circular room filled with vegetation . 
 an enormous tree loomed up from the center , extending gnarled branches skyward , which was easy because the room had no ceiling . 
 bright sunlight slanted through the leaves , spotting the carpet of grass and wildflowers surrounding the trunk . 
 birds twittered overhead and butterflies danced through the flowers , adding to the dazzling array of color and light . 
 it was n't real , of course . 
 leanansidhe 's mansion , according to rumors , existed in a place called the between , the veil that separated faery from the mortal world . 
 supposedly , when using a trod , you passed very briefly through the between , then into the other realm . 
 how leanansidhe managed to set up an entire mansion in the space between worlds was baffling , something you just should n't wonder about . 
 no one knew what the outside of the mansion looked like , but i was pretty sure it did n't have sunlight and birdsong . 
 this room was all faery glamour . 
 a really good illusion-i could smell the wildflowers , hear the bees buzzing past my ear and feel the warmth of the sun-but an illusion nonetheless . 
 i had n't come here to smell the flowers , i was here to discover why two faeries were talking about kenzie . 
 keirran sat beneath the trunk , one knee drawn up to his chest , watching annwyl as she moved gracefully through the flowers . 
 every so often , the summer faery would pause , brushing her fingers over a petal or fern , and the plant would immediately straighten , unfurling new and brighter leaves . 
 butterflies danced around her , perching on her hair and clothes , as if she was an enormous blossom drifting through the field . 
 i eased closer , skirting the edges of the room , keeping a row of giant ferns between myself and the two fey . 
 peering through the fronds , feeling slightly ridiculous that i would stoop this low , i strained my ears in the direction of the tree . 
 `` leanansidhe wants the ceremony done tonight , '' annwyl was saying , raising an arm to touch a low-hanging branch . 
 it stirred , and several withered leaves grew full and green again . 
 `` i think it would be better if you performed the ritual , keirran . 
 she knows you , and the boy might object if i go anywhere near her . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 keirran exhaled , resting his chin on his knee . 
 `` i just hope ethan does n't hate me for my part in giving kenzie the sight . 
 he 's probably still reeling from that last load of bricks i dropped on his head . '' 
 `` you mean that you 're his nephew ? '' 
 annwyl asked mildly , and my gut twisted . 
 i still was n't used to the idea . 
 `` but , surely he understands how time works in both worlds . 
 he had to realize that his sister would start her own family , even if she was n't in the mortal realm , right ? '' 
 `` how could he ? '' 
 keirran muttered . 
 `` she never told him . 
 she never told me . '' 
 he sighed again , and though i could n't see his face very well , his tone was morose , almost angry . 
 `` she 's hiding something , annwyl . 
 i think they all are . 
 oberon , titania , mab-they all know something . 
 and no one will tell me what it is . '' 
 his voice lowered , frustrated and confused . 
 `` why do n't they trust me ? '' 
 annwyl turned , giving him a strange look . 
 snapping a twig from the nearest branch , she knelt in front of keirran and held up the stick . 
 `` here . 
 take this for a moment . '' 
 looking bewildered , keirran did . 
 `` do what i was doing just now , '' she ordered . 
 `` make it grow . '' 
 his brow furrowed , but he shrugged and glanced down at the bare stick . 
 it shivered , and tiny buds appeared along the length of the wood , before unfurling into leaves . 
 a butterfly floated down from annwyl 's hair to perch on the end . 
 `` now , kill it , '' annwyl said . 
 she received another puzzled look , but a second later frost crept over the leaves , turning them black , before the entire twig was coated in ice . 
 the butterfly dropped away and spiraled toward the ground , lifeless in an instant . 
 annwyl flicked the branch with her fingers , and it snapped , one half of the stick spinning away into the flowers . 
 `` do you see what i 'm getting at , prince keirran ? '' 
 he hung his head . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` you 're the iron prince , '' annwyl went on in a gentle voice . 
 `` but you 're not simply an iron faery . 
 you have the glamour of all three courts and can use them seamlessly , without fail . 
 no one else in faery has that ability , not even the iron queen . '' 
 she put a hand on his knee , and he looked down at it . 
 `` they fear you , keirran . 
 they 're afraid of what you can become , what your existence might mean for them . 
 it 's the nature of the courts , sadly . 
 they do n't react well to change . '' 
 `` are you afraid of me ? '' 
 keirran asked , his voice nearly lost in the sighing leaves . 
 `` no . '' 
 annwyl pulled her hand away and rose , gazing down at him . 
 `` not when you were kind to me , and risked so much to bring me here . 
 but i know the courts far better than you do , keirran . 
 i was just a humble servant to titania , but you are the iron prince . '' 
 she took a step back , her voice mournful but resolved . 
 `` i know my place . 
 i will not drag you into exile with me . '' 
 as annwyl turned away , keirran rose swiftly , not touching her but very close . 
 `` i 'm not afraid of exile , '' he said quietly , and the summer girl closed her eyes . 
 `` and i do n't care what the courts say . 
 my own parents defied those laws , and look where they are now . '' 
 his hand rose , gently brushing her braid , causing several butterflies to flit skyward . 
 `` i would do the same for you , if you just gave me the chance - '' `` no , prince keirran . '' 
 annwyl spun , her eyes glassy . 
 `` i wo n't do that , not to you . 
 i wish things were different , but we ca n't ... the courts would ... i 'm sorry . '' 
 she whirled and fled the room , leaving keirran standing alone under the great tree . 
 he scrubbed a hand over his eyes , then wandered back to lean against the trunk , staring out at nothing . 
 feeling like an intruder who had just witnessed something he should n't have , i eased back into the corridor . 
 my suspicions had been confirmed ; meghan was hiding something from us . 
 i was definitely going to have to talk to her about that , demand why she thought it was so important to keep her family in the dark . 
 first , however , i had to find kenzie , before this ritual was supposed to begin . 
 she needed to know what having the sight really meant , what the fey did to those who could see them . 
 if she 'd really understood the consequences , she never would have made that bargain . 
 although , deep down , i knew that was a lie . 
 kenzie had known exactly what she was getting into and chose to do it anyway . 
 * * * i finally found her in the library , hidden between towering shelves of books , leaning against the wall . 
 she glanced up as i came into the aisle , the massive tome in her hands making her look even smaller . 
 that strange , unfamiliar sensation twisted my stomach again , but i ignored it . 
 `` hey . '' 
 she gave me a hesitant smile , as if she was n't sure if i was mad at her or not . 
 `` has your voice come back yet ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 it came out harsher than i 'd wanted , but i plunged on . 
 `` i need to talk to you . '' 
 `` i suppose you do . '' 
 she sighed , pushing a strand of hair behind her ear . 
 for a moment , she stared at the pages in front of her . 
 `` i guess ... you want to know why i agreed to that bargain . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 i took a step forward , into the narrow space . 
 `` why would you think your life was an acceptable trade for something that you have no business seeing in the first place ? '' 
 anger flickered again , but i could n't tell if it was directed at kenzie , leanansidhe , keirran or something else . 
 `` this is n't a game , kenzie . 
 you just shortened your life by trading it away to a faery . 
 do n't think she wo n't collect . 
 they always do . '' 
 `` it 's a month , ethan . 
 two at the most . 
 it wo n't matter in the long run . '' 
 `` it 's your life ! '' 
 i stabbed my fingers through my hair , frustrated that she refused to see . 
 `` what would 've been ` too much , ' kenzie ? 
 a year ? 
 two ? 
 would you have become her ` apprentice ' ? 
 giving away bits of your life for the inspiration she offers ? 
 that 's what she does , you know . 
 and every single person she helps dies an early death . 
 or becomes trapped in this crazy between-worlds house , entertaining her for eternity . '' 
 i paused , fisting my hand against the shelf . 
 `` i ca n't watch that happen to you . '' 
 we both fell silent . 
 kenzie hesitated , picking at the pages of the book . 
 `` look , '' she began , `` i realize you know almost everything about the fey , but there are things you do n't know about me . 
 i do n't like talking about it , because i do n't want to be a burden on anyone , but ... '' she chewed her lip , her face tightening . 
 `` let 's just say i view things a little differently than most people . 
 i want to learn everything i can , i want to see everything i can . 
 that 's why i want to become a reporter-to travel the world , to discover what 's out there . '' 
 her voice wavered , and her eyes went distant . 
 `` i just do n't want to miss anything . '' 
 i sighed . 
 `` promise me you wo n't make any more deals , '' i said , taking another step toward her . 
 `` no matter what you see , no matter what they offer you , promise that you wo n't agree to it . '' 
 she watched me over the edge of the book , brown eyes solemn . 
 `` i ca n't make that promise , '' she said quietly . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` why do you care ? '' 
 she shot back , defiant . 
 `` you told me to leave you alone , to forget about you when we went back , because you 're going to do the same . 
 those were your words , ethan . 
 you do n't want me around and you do n't care . '' 
 i huffed and closed the last few steps . 
 taking the book from her hands , i snapped it shut , replaced it on the shelf , and grabbed her shoulders , forcing her to look at me . 
 she stiffened , raising her chin , glaring at me with wounded eyes . 
 `` i care , all right ? '' 
 i said in a low voice . 
 `` i know i come off as a bastard sometimes , and i 'm sorry for that . 
 but i do care about ... what happens to you here . 
 i do n't want to see you get hurt because of them . 
 because of me . '' 
 kenzie met my gaze and stepped forward , so close that i could see my reflection in her dark eyes . 
 `` i want to see them , ethan , '' she said , firm and unshakable . 
 `` i 'm not afraid . '' 
 `` i know , that 's what scares me . '' 
 i released her , kicking myself for acting so roughly , yet reluctant to let her go . 
 `` you 're going to have the sight now , '' i said , feeling raw apprehension spread through my insides . 
 `` that means the fey will hound you relentlessly , wanting to bargain , or make a deal , or just make your life hell . 
 you 've seen it . 
 you know what they 're capable of . '' 
 `` yes , '' kenzie agreed , and suddenly took my hand , sending a shiver up my arm . 
 `` but i 've also spoken with a talking cat , fought a dragon , and watched the iron realm light up at night . 
 i 've seen a faery queen , climbed the towers of a huge castle , flown on a giant metal insect , and made a deal with a legend . 
 how many people can say that ? 
 can you blame me for not wanting to let it go ? '' 
 `` and if it gets you killed ? '' 
 she shrugged and looked away . 
 `` no one lives forever . '' 
 i had no answer for that . 
 there was no answer for that . 
 `` hey . '' 
 keirran appeared at the end of the aisle , and we jumped apart . 
 his gremlin grinned manically from his shoulder , lighting the shelves with a blue-white glow . 
 `` what are you two doing ? '' 
 he gave me a half wary , half hopeful look , unsure of where we stood , if we were cool . 
 i shrugged , not smiling , but not glaring at him , either . 
 it was the best i could offer for now . 
 `` nothing , '' i said , and nodded to kenzie . 
 `` futilely trying to convince stubborn reporters not to go through with this . '' 
 she snorted . 
 `` hi , mr. pot . 
 meet mr. kettle . '' 
 `` kenzie . '' 
 annwyl stepped forward . 
 her hair was loose , falling down her back in golden-brown waves , petals and leaves scattered throughout . 
 keirran watched her , his face blank , but he did n't say anything . 
 a tiny glass vial gleamed from her fingertips as she held it up . 
 `` leanansidhe told me to give this to you . '' 
 i clenched my fists to keep from dashing the vial to the floor . 
 kenzie reached out and plucked it from her hand , holding it up to the light . 
 it sparkled dully , half-full with amber liquid , throwing tiny slivers of gold over the carpet . 
 `` so , '' she mused after a moment , `` is it ` down the hatch ' right now and , poof , i 'll be able to see the fey ? 
 is that how this works ? '' 
 `` not yet , '' annwyl said solemnly . 
 `` there is a ritual involved . 
 to gain the sight , you must stand in the middle of a faery ring at midnight , spill a few drops of your blood onto the ground , and then drink that . 
 the veil will lift , and you 'll be able to see the hidden world for the rest of your life . '' 
 `` does n't sound too hard . '' 
 kenzie gave the vial a small shake , dislodging a few black specks that swirled around the glass . 
 `` what 's in here , anyway ? '' 
 keirran smiled . 
 `` probably best you do n't know , '' he warned . 
 `` in any case , leanansidhe has a trod that will take us to a faery ring . 
 there 's a catch , though . 
 when the full moon shines down on a faery ring , the local fey ca n't resist . 
 we 'll probably run into a few of them , dancing under the moonlight . 
 you know , like they do . '' 
 `` well , then it 's a good thing i 'll have you two around to protect me . '' 
 she glanced my way , a shadow of uncertainty crossing her face . 
 `` you 'll be there , right ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 i gave her a resigned look . 
 i 'd say what a stupid idea this is , but you wo n't listen to me . 
 i only hope the cost will be worth it . 
 `` so , '' i muttered , looking at keirran , `` where is this faery ring ? '' 
 he grinned , reminding me suddenly of meghan , and my stomach clenched . 
 `` not far by trod , but probably farther than you 've ever been , '' he said mysteriously . 
 `` this particular ring is several thousand years old , which is vital to the ritual tonight-the older the ring , the more power it holds . 
 it 's somewhere deep in the moors of ireland . '' 
 kenzie 's head jerked up , her eyes brightening . 
 `` ireland ? '' 
 `` yay ! '' 
 razor crowed , bouncing up and down on his shoulder . 
 `` sheep ! '' 
 chapter seventeen the faery ring `` better hurry , darlings , '' leanansidhe announced , walking into the dining room with a swooshing of fabric and smoke . 
 `` the witching hour is fast approaching , at least where you 're headed . 
 and it will be a full moon tonight , so you really do n't want to miss your window . '' 
 she glanced at me , wandering back to the corner of the room , and sighed . 
 `` ethan , darling , why do n't you sit down and eat ? 
 you 're making my brownies very nervous with all that pacing . '' 
 too bad for them , i thought , chewing a roll i 'd snagged from the dining-room table in the middle of the room . 
 the table was enormous and covered with enough food to feed an army , but i could n't sit still . 
 keirran and kenzie sat opposite each other , talking quietly and occasionally giving me worried looks as i paced around them , while razor cavorted among the plates , scattering food and making small messes . 
 several redcaps , dressed in butler suits with pink bow ties , skulked back and forth , cleaning up and looking like they really wanted to bite the gremlin 's head off . 
 i kept a wary eye on them every time they approached kenzie , tensing to jump in if they so much as looked at her . 
 they reminded me of the motley that had chased me into the library and set it on fire , leading to my expulsion . 
 if they made any threatening moves toward kenzie , even a leer , they were going to get an expensive china plate to the back of the skull . 
 `` ethan , '' leanansidhe warned , `` you 're wearing a hole through my carpet , darling . 
 sit down . '' 
 she pointed to a chair with her cigarette holder , pursing her lips . 
 `` the minions are n't going to bite anyone 's knees off , and i 'd hate to have to turn you into a harp for the rest of the evening . 
 sit . '' 
 i pulled out a chair beside kenzie and sat , still glaring at the biggest redcap , the guy with the fishhook through his nose . 
 he sneered and bared his teeth , but then razor knocked over a platter of fruit , and he hurried off with a curse . 
 leanansidhe threw up her hands . 
 `` keirran , dove . 
 your gremlin . 
 please keep it under control . '' 
 the exile queen pinched the bridge of her nose and sighed heavily . 
 `` worse than having robin goodfellow in my house , '' she murmured , as kenzie clapped her hands , and razor bounced happily into her lap . 
 leanansidhe shook her head . 
 `` anyway , darlings , when you are finished here , i will have annwyl show you the way to the trod . 
 meet her in the main hall , and she will take you out through the basement . 
 if you have any questions about the ritual , i 'm sure she can answer them for you . '' 
 at the mention of annwyl 's name , keirran glanced up , and leanansidhe smiled at him . 
 `` i 'm not a compete soulless harpy all the time , darling . 
 besides , you two remind me of another pair , and i just adore the irony . '' 
 she snapped her fingers and handed her cigarette flute to the redcap who scurried up . 
 `` now , i 'm off to meet a jinn about another disappearance , so do n't wait up for me , darlings . 
 oh , and , kenzie , pet , when you finish the ritual , you might feel a bit odd for a moment . '' 
 `` odd ? '' 
 `` nothing to worry about , dove . '' 
 the exile queen waved her hand . 
 `` merely the completion of our bargain . 
 i will see you three again soon , but not too soon , i hope . '' 
 she looked directly at me when she said this , before turning away in a swirl of glitter and lights . 
 `` ciao , darlings ! '' 
 and she was gone . 
 as soon as she left , annwyl came into the room , not looking at any of us . 
 `` leanansidhe has bid me to show you to the faery ring tonight , '' she said in her musical voice , gazing straight ahead . 
 `` we can leave whenever you are ready , but the ritual takes place at midnight , so we should depart soon - '' she paused as keirran pushed back his chair and walked up to her . 
 taking her hand , the prince drew her to the table and pulled out the chair next to his , while razor giggled and waved at her from kenzie 's lap . 
 `` i really should n't be here , '' annwyl said , perching gingerly on the seat . 
 her green eyes darted around the room , as if the exile queen was hiding somewhere , listening to her . 
 `` if leanansidhe finds out - '' `` she can take it up with me , '' keirran broke in , sliding into his own chair . 
 `` just because you have to be here does n't mean leanansidhe should treat you like a servant . '' 
 he sighed , and for a second , his expression darkened . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i know you miss arcadia . 
 i wish there was another place you could go . '' 
 `` i 'm fine , keirran . '' 
 annwyl smiled at him , though her expression was wistful . 
 `` avoiding leanansidhe is n't much different than avoiding queen titania in one of her moods . 
 i worry most for you . 
 i do n't want you to accede to leanansidhe 's every whim and favor because of me . '' 
 keirran stared down at his plate . 
 `` if leanansidhe asked me to fight a dragon , '' he said in his quiet , sincere voice , `` if it meant keeping you safe , i would go into the depths of the deep wyld and fight tiamat herself . '' 
 `` how long have you two known each other ? '' 
 kenzie asked , as i gagged silently into a coffee mug . 
 these two just needed to admit defeat and get on with it already . 
 keirran spared her a quick glance and a smile . 
 `` i 'm not sure , '' he admitted , shrugging . 
 `` it 's hard to say exactly , especially in human years . '' 
 `` we met at elysium , '' annwyl put in . 
 `` midsummer 's eve . 
 when oberon was hosting . 
 i was chosen to perform a dance for the rulers of the courts . 
 and when it started , i noticed that the son of the iron queen could n't stop staring at me the whole time . '' 
 `` i remember that dance , '' keirran said . 
 `` you were beautiful . 
 but when i tried to talk to you , you ran away . '' 
 he gave me and kenzie a wry grin . 
 `` no one from summer or winter wants to talk to the prince of the iron realm . 
 i 'd poison their blood or shoot toxic vapors from my nose or something . 
 annwyl even sicced a school of undine on me once when i was visiting arcadia . 
 i very nearly drowned . '' 
 annwyl blushed . 
 `` but that did n't deter you , did it ? '' 
 `` so , how did you end up here ? '' 
 i asked . 
 and keirran 's eyes narrowed . 
 `` summer court politics , '' he said , frowning . 
 `` one of the minor nobles was jealous about annwyl 's proximity to titania , that she was a personal favorite , so she started the rumor that annwyl was more beautiful and graceful and gifted than even the summer queen , and that oberon would be blind not to see her . '' 
 i winced . 
 `` that did n't go over well , i 'm sure . '' 
 `` titania heard of it , of course . '' 
 annwyl sighed . 
 `` by then , the rumor had spread so far there was no telling who first mentioned such a thing . 
 the queen was furious , and even though i denied it , she still feared i would steal her husband 's attention away . '' 
 `` so she banished you , '' i muttered . 
 `` yeah , that sounds like her . '' 
 `` she banished you ? '' 
 kenzie repeated , sounding outraged , `` because someone said you were prettier ? 
 that 's totally unfair ! 
 ca n't any of the other rulers do something about it ? 
 you 're the prince of the iron realm , '' she said , looking at keirran . 
 `` ca n't you get the iron queen to help ? '' 
 keirran grimaced . 
 `` ah , i 'm not really supposed to be here , '' he said with a half embarrassed , half defiant smile . 
 `` if the other courts knew i was hanging around the exile queen , they would n't approve . 
 they 're afraid she 'll put treasonous thoughts in my head , or use me to overthrow the other rulers . 
 but ... '' and his eyes hardened , the shadow of his father creeping over him , making him look more fey than before . 
 `` i do n't care what the courts dictate . 
 annwyl should n't suffer because titania is a jealous shrew . 
 so , i asked leanansidhe to do me a favor , to let her stay here , with the rest of the exiles . 
 it 's not ideal , but it 's better than being out in the real world . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 asked kenzie . 
 `` because faeries banished to the real world , with no way to get home , eventually fade away into nothing , '' annwyl said solemnly . 
 `` that 's why exile is so terrifying . 
 cut off from the nevernever , surrounded by iron and technology and humans that no longer believe in magic , we slowly lose ourselves , until we cease to exist at all . '' 
 `` except the iron fey , '' i put in , glancing at keirran . 
 `` so , you 'd be in no danger . '' 
 `` well , that and i 'm partly human , '' he replied , shrugging . 
 `` you 're right-iron has no effect on me . 
 but for a summer fey ... '' he glanced at annwyl , worry shining from his eyes . 
 no explanation was needed . 
 the summer girl sniffed . 
 `` i 'm not as delicate as that , prince keirran , '' annwyl said , giving him a wry smile . 
 `` you make me sound as fragile as a butterfly wing . 
 i watched the druids perform their rites under the full moon long before your ancestors ever set foot on the land . 
 i 'm not going to blow away in the first strong wind that comes through the mortal world . 
 speaking of which , '' she went on , rising from the table , `` we should get going . 
 midnight is n't far now , not where we 're headed . 
 i 'll show you the way . '' 
 * * * i followed annwyl , keirran and kenzie back through leanansidhe 's huge basement-or dungeon , i guess-trailing a few steps behind to glare at the things skulking in the shadows . 
 annwyl had warned us that it might be cold once we emerged from the trod , and kenzie wore a `` borrowed '' wool jacket that was two sizes too big for her . 
 the summer girl offered to find one for me , claiming leanansidhe had tons of human clothes lying around that she 'd never miss , but i did n't want to put myself into her or leanansidhe 's debt any more than i had to , so i refused . 
 as usual , i carried my rattan sticks , in case we were jumped by anything nasty . 
 they were starting to fray a little , though , and i found myself wishing more and more for the solid , steel blade in my room at home . 
 was i ready for this ? 
 or , more important , was kenzie ready for this ? 
 i 'd always considered my sight a curse , something that i feared and hated and wished i did n't have . 
 it had brought me nothing but trouble . 
 but to hear kenzie talk about it , she considered the sight a gift , something that she was willing to bargain for , something that was worth a tiny piece of her life . 
 it staggered me ; the fey were manipulative , untrustworthy and dangerous , that was something i 'd always known . 
 how could we see them so differently ? 
 and how was i going to protect her , once they realized she had the sight , as well ? 
 wait . 
 why are you even thinking about that ? 
 what happened to your promise to not get involved ? 
 i felt a stab of annoyance with myself for bringing that up , but my thoughts continued ruthlessly . 
 you ca n't protect her . 
 once you find todd and get home , she 'll go back to her world , and you 'll go back to yours . 
 everyone who hangs around you gets hurt , remember ? 
 the best protection you can give anyone is staying the hell away from them . 
 yeah , but it was different now . 
 kenzie was going to have the sight . 
 she 'd be drawn even more heavily into my crazy , screwed-up world , and she was going to need someone to show her the ins and outs of faery . 
 do n't kid yourself , ethan . 
 that 's an excuse . 
 you just want to see her . 
 admit it ; you do n't want to let her go . 
 so ... what if i did n't ? 
 `` we 're here , '' annwyl said quietly , stopping at a large stone arch flanked by torch-holding gargoyles . 
 `` the ring is n't far . 
 past this doorway are woods , and then a stretch of moor , with the faery ring in the center of a small grove . 
 it should n't be long now . '' 
 she started forward , but keirran caught her wrist . 
 `` annwyl , wait , '' he said , and she turned back . 
 `` maybe you should stay here , '' he suggested , looking down at her hand . 
 `` we can find the ring on our own . '' 
 `` keirran ... '' `` if those things are anywhere nearby - '' `` i 'm sure you 'll protect me . 
 and i 'm not entirely defenseless , either . '' 
 `` but - '' `` keirran . '' 
 stepping close , annwyl , placed a palm on his cheek . 
 `` i ca n't hide out at leanansidhe 's forever . '' 
 he sighed , covering the hand with his own . 
 `` i know . 
 i just ... worry . '' 
 releasing her , he gestured to the arch . 
 `` all right then , after you . '' 
 annwyl ducked through the arch , disappearing into the black , keirran close behind her . 
 i looked at kenzie , and she smiled back . 
 `` are you absolutely sure this is what you want ? '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` i 'm sure . '' 
 `` you know i 'm probably going to hover around you for the rest of your life , now . 
 i 'll be that creepy stalker guy , always watching you through the fence or following you down the hallway , making sure you 're all right . '' 
 `` oh ? '' 
 she laughed . 
 `` is that all it takes to get you to stick around ? 
 i should 've done the whole bargain-your-life-away-to-the-faeries thing sooner . '' 
 i did n't see how she could joke about it , but i half smiled . 
 `` i 'll be sure to wear a hockey mask , then . 
 so you know it 's me . '' 
 we went through the arch . 
 and emerged between two giant , rectangular-shaped rocks standing in the middle of an open field . 
 as annwyl had warned , the air on this side of the trod was icy . 
 it swept across the rolling moors and sliced through my t-shirt , making my skin prickle . 
 above us , the sky was crystal clear , with a huge white moon blazing down directly overhead , turning everything black and silver . 
 from where we stood , atop a small rise that sloped gently away into the moors , you could see for miles . 
 `` wow . '' 
 kenzie sighed . 
 `` now i really , really wish i had my camera . '' 
 annwyl pointed a graceful finger down the slope to a cluster of trees at the foot of a rocky hill . 
 `` the ring is there , '' she said quietly with a brief glance toward the sky . 
 `` and the moon is nearly right overhead . 
 we must hurry . 
 but remember , '' she warned , `` when the full moon shines down on a faery ring , the fey will appear to dance . 
 we will not be alone . '' 
 we started down the slope , picking our way over rocks and bramble , as the wind moaned softly around us and made me shiver with more than the cold . 
 as we drew closer to the trees , i could hear faint strands of music on the wind , the whispers of many voices rising in song . 
 my heart pounded , and i clenched my fists , ignoring the voices and the sudden urge to follow them , the pull that drew me steadily toward the dark clump of trees . 
 movement flashed between the trunks , and the whispered song grew clearer , more insistent . 
 i noticed kenzie , tilting her head with a puzzled expression , as if she could just barely hear something on the wind . 
 afraid that she might slip off without me , lured away by the intoxicating faery music , i reached for her hand , trapping it in mine . 
 she blinked at me , startled , before giving me a smile and squeezing my palm . 
 i kept a tight hold of her as we slipped through the forest , walking toward the music and lights , until the trees opened up and we stood at the edge of a clearing full of fey . 
 music swirled around the clearing , dark and haunting and compelling . 
 it took all my willpower not to walk toward the circle of unearthly dancers in the center of the glade . 
 summer sidhe , tall , gorgeous and elegant , swayed and danced in the moonlight , their movements hypnotic and graceful . 
 piskies and faery lights bobbed in the air , winking in and out like enormous fireflies . 
 `` ethan , '' kenzie whispered , staring at the clearing . 
 her voice sounded dazed . 
 `` there is something here , right ? 
 i keep thinking i hear music , and ... '' her fingers tightened around mine . 
 `` i really want to go stand in that ring over there . '' 
 i followed her gaze . 
 surrounding the dancers , seeming to glow in the darkness , a ring of enormous white toadstools stood in a perfect circle in the center of the glade . 
 the ring was huge , nearly thirty feet across , the mushrooms forming a complete , unbroken circle . 
 strands of moonlight slanted in through the branches overhead , dappling the ground inside the circle , and even i could feel that this was a place of old , powerful magic . 
 `` it 's calling me , '' kenzie whispered , as the circle of dancing fey suddenly stopped , their inhuman eyes trained on us . 
 smiling , they held out their hands , and the urge to join them returned , powerful and compelling . 
 i clamped down on my will to stay where i was and squeezed kenzie 's hand in a death grip . 
 keirran lifted his arm to let razor scurry to an overhead branch . 
 `` i hope they do n't mind us interrupting their dancing , '' he murmured . 
 `` wait here . 
 i 'll explain what 's going on . '' 
 i watched him walk confidently up to the observing sidhe , who waited for him with varying degrees of curiosity and alarm . 
 they knew who he was , i realized . 
 the son of the iron queen , the prince of the iron court , was probably someone you would remember , especially if his glamour was essentially fatal to you . 
 keirran spoke quietly to the circle of dancers , who glanced up at us , smiled knowingly , and bowed . 
 keirran stepped into the circle , turned and held out his hand . 
 `` all right , kenzie , '' he called . 
 `` it 's almost time . 
 are you ready ? '' 
 she gave me a brave smile , released my hand , and stepped forward . 
 crossing the line of mushrooms , not seeing the dancers that parted for her , she walked steadily toward keirran , waiting in the center . 
 i started to follow , but annwyl stopped me at the edge , putting out her arm . 
 `` you can not be there with her . '' 
 `` the hell i ca n't , '' i shot back . 
 `` i 'm not leaving her alone with them . '' 
 `` only the mortal who wishes the sight is allowed in the ring , '' annwyl continued calmly . 
 `` otherwise the ritual will fail . 
 your girl must do this by herself . '' 
 she smiled , giving me a soothing look . 
 `` she will be fine . 
 as long as keirran is there , nothing will harm her . '' 
 worried , hating the barrier separating us now , i stood at the edge of the toadstools and watched kenzie walk up to the figure waiting in the center of the ring . 
 it might 've been the moonlight , the strangeness of the surroundings , or the unearthly dancers , but keirran did n't look remotely human anymore . 
 he looked like a bright , glowing faery , his silver hair reflecting the pale light streaming around him , his ice-blue eyes shining in the darkness . 
 i clenched my fist around my rattan as kenzie approached him , looking small and very mortal in comparison . 
 the faery prince smiled at her and suddenly drew a dagger , the deadly blade flashing in the shadows like a fang . 
 i tensed , but he held it between them , point up , though the deadly cutting edge was still turned toward the girl . 
 `` blood must be spilled for the recipient to gain the sight , '' annwyl murmured as keirran 's lips moved , probably reciting the same thing to kenzie . 
 `` for something to be given , something must be taken . 
 a few drops are all that is needed . '' 
 kenzie paused just a moment , then reached a hand out to the blade . 
 keirran kept the weapon perfectly still . 
 i saw her brace herself , then quickly run her thumb along the sharp edge , wincing . 
 drops of blood fell from the blade and her hand , sparkling as they caught the light . 
 a collective sigh went through the circle of fey around them as the crimson drops hit the earth , and i shivered . 
 `` now only one thing remains , '' annwyl whispered , and there was a glint of amber as kenzie pulled out the vial . 
 `` but be warned , '' she continued , speaking almost to herself , though i had the suspicion she was doing this for my benefit , letting me hear what was going on . 
 `` the sight goes both ways . 
 not only will you be aware of the fey , they will be aware of you , as well . 
 the hidden ones always know whose gazes can pierce the mist and the glamour , who can see through the veil into the heart of faery . '' 
 keirran stepped back a pace , raising his hand , as if calling her forward . 
 `` if you are prepared to embrace this world , to stand between them and be a part of neither , then complete your final task , and join us . '' 
 kenzie looked back at me , blood slowly dripping from her cut fingers to spatter in the grass . 
 i do n't know if she expected me to leap in and try to stop her , or if she was just checking to see my reaction . 
 maybe she was asking , hoping , for my consent , my approval . 
 i could n't give her that ; i 'd be lying if i said i could , but i was n't going to stop her . 
 she had made up her mind for reasons of her own ; all i could do now was watch over and try to keep her safe . 
 i managed a tiny nod , and that was all she needed . 
 tipping her head back , she put the vial to her lips , and the contents were gone in a heartbeat . 
 a breeze hissed through the clearing , rattling the branches and making the grass sway . 
 i thought i heard tiny , whispering voices on the wind , a tangle of words spoken too fast to understand , but they were gone before i had the chance to listen . 
 in the center of the ring , kenzie stumbled , as if she was being battered by gale force winds , and fell to her knees . 
 i leaped across the toadstools , through the watching fey , who paid me no attention , and dropped beside her as she knelt in the grass . 
 one hand clutched her heart , gasping . 
 her face was very pale , and i thought she was going to faint . 
 `` kenzie ! '' 
 i caught her as she doubled over , gasping soundlessly . 
 `` are you all right ? 
 what 's happening ? '' 
 i glared at keirran , who had n't moved from where he stood , and gestured sharply . 
 `` keirran , what 's going on ? 
 get over here and help ! '' 
 `` it 's all right , '' kenzie said , gripping my arm and slowly sitting up . 
 she took a deep breath , and color returned to her cheeks and lips , easing my panic . 
 `` it 's fine , ethan . 
 i 'm fine . 
 i just ... could n't catch my breath for a second . 
 what happened ? '' 
 `` leanansidhe , '' annwyl said , joining keirran a few feet away . 
 their gazes were solemn as they watched us , beautiful and inhuman under the moon . 
 `` the dark muse has taken her price . '' 
 dread gripped my stomach with a cold hand . 
 but kenzie was n't looking at me , or any of us , anymore . 
 her mouth was open in a small o , as she slowly stood up , staring at the ring of fey surrounding us . 
 `` have ... have they been here the whole time ? '' 
 she whispered . 
 keirran gave her a small , faintly sad smile . 
 `` welcome to our world . '' 
 one of the summer sidhe came forward , tall and elegant in a cloak of leaves , golden hair braided down his back . 
 `` come , '' he said , holding out a long-fingered hand . 
 `` a mortal gaining the sight is cause for celebration . 
 one more to see us , one more to remember . 
 tonight , we will dance for you . 
 prince keirran ... '' he turned and bowed his head to the silver haired fey across from me . 
 `` with your permission ... '' keirran nodded solemnly . 
 and the music rose up once more , eerily compelling , haunting and beautiful . 
 the fey began to dance , swirling around us , flashes of color and graceful limbs . 
 and suddenly , kenzie was in that crowd , swept from my side before i could stop it , eyes bright as she danced among the fey . 
 i started forward , heart pounding , but keirran held out his arm . 
 `` it 's all right , '' he said . 
 i turned to glare at him , but his face was calm . 
 `` let her have this . 
 nothing will harm her tonight . 
 i promise . '' 
 the promise thing threw me . 
 if you were a faery and you said the word promise , you were bound to carry it through , no matter what . 
 and if they could n't keep that promise , they would die , so it was a pretty serious thing . 
 i did n't know if keirran 's human side protected him from that particular rule , or if he really meant it , but i forced myself to relax , watching kenzie twirl and spin among the unearthly dancers . 
 resentment bubbled . 
 a part of me , a large part , actually , wanted to grab kenzie and pull her back , away from the faeries and their world and the things that wanted to hurt her . 
 i could n't help it . 
 the fey had tormented me all my life ; nothing good had come out of knowing them , seeing them . 
 my sister had ventured into their world , become their queen , and they 'd taken her from me . 
 and now , kenzie was a part of that world , too . 
 `` hey . '' 
 i turned . 
 kenzie had broken away from the circle and now stood behind me , the moonlight shining off her raven hair . 
 she 'd dropped her coat and looked like some kind of faery herself , graceful and slight , smiling at me . 
 my breath caught as she extended a hand . 
 `` come and dance , '' she urged . 
 i took a step back . 
 `` no thanks . '' 
 `` ethan . '' 
 `` i do n't want to dance with the faeries , '' i protested , still backing away . 
 `` it breaks my things-your-classmates-won ` t-beat-you-up-for rule . '' 
 kenzie was n't impressed . 
 she rolled her eyes , grabbed my hand and tugged me forward even as i half resisted . 
 `` you 're not dancing with the faeries , '' she said , as i made one last attempt to stop , to hang on to my dignity . 
 `` you 're dancing with me . '' 
 `` kenzie ... '' `` tough guy , '' she answered , pulling me close . 
 my heart stuttered , looking into her eyes . 
 `` live a little . 
 for me . '' 
 i sighed in defeat , let go of my resolve . 
 and danced with the fey . 
 it was easy , once you actually let yourself go . 
 the faery music made it nearly impossible not to lose yourself , to close your eyes and let it consume you . 
 i still kept a tiny hold on my willpower as i swayed with kenzie , back and forth in the center of the ring , while beautifully inhuman summer fey twirled around us . 
 kenzie moved closer , leaning her head on my chest while her arms snaked around my waist . 
 `` you 're actually really good at this , '' she murmured , while my heartbeat started thudding loudly in her ear . 
 `` did they teach dancing in kali ? '' 
 i snorted . 
 `` only the kind with sticks and knives , '' i muttered , trying to ignore the warmth spreading through my stomach , making it hard to think . 
 `` though my old school did make us take a class in ballroom dancing . 
 for our final grade , we had to wear formal attire and waltz around the gym in front of the whole school . '' 
 `` ouch . '' 
 kenzie giggled . 
 `` that 's not the worst of it . 
 half the class played sick that day , and i was one of the only guys to show up , so of course they made me dance with everyone . 
 my mom still has the pictures . '' 
 i looked down at the top of her head . 
 `` and if you tell anyone about that , i may have to kill you . '' 
 she giggled again , muffling her laughter in my shirt . 
 i kept my hands on her slim hips , feeling her body sway against mine . 
 as the eerie music swirled around us , i knew that if i remembered anything about this night , it would be this moment , right now . 
 with kenzie less than a breath away , the moonlight spilling down on her as she danced , graceful as any faery . 
 `` ethan ? '' 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 she paused , tracing the fabric along my ribs , not knowing how crazy it was making me . 
 `` how ` bout that interview now ? '' 
 i let out a long breath . 
 `` what do you want to know ? '' 
 `` you said people around you get hurt , that i was n't the only one the fey targeted because of you , '' she continued , and my stomach dropped . 
 `` will you ... can you tell me what happened ? 
 who was the other person ? '' 
 groaning , i closed my eyes . 
 `` it 's not something i like to talk about , '' i muttered . 
 `` it took years for the nightmares to finally stop . 
 i have n't told anyone about it , ever ... '' `` it might help , '' kenzie said quietly . 
 `` getting it off your chest , i mean . 
 but if you do n't want to , i understand . '' 
 i held her , listening to the music , to the faeries spinning around us . 
 i remembered that day ; the horror and fear that people would find out , the crushing guilt because i knew i could n't tell anyone . 
 would kenzie hate me if i told her ? 
 would she finally understand why i kept my distance ? 
 maybe it was time ... to tell someone . 
 it would be a relief , perhaps . 
 to voice the secret that had been hanging over me for years . 
 to finally let it go . 
 all right , then . 
 i 'll ... try . 
 `` it was about six years ago , '' i began , swallowing the dryness in my throat . 
 `` we-my parents and i-had just moved into the city from our little backwater farm . 
 my parents raised pigs , you know , before we came here . 
 there 's an interesting freebie for your interview . 
 the tough guy 's parents were pig farmers . '' 
 kenzie was quiet , and i instantly regretted the cynical jab . 
 `` anyway - '' i sighed , squeezing her hand in apology '' - i met this girl , samantha . 
 she lived on my block , and we went to the same school , so we became friends pretty quick . 
 i was really shy back then - '' kenzie snorted , making me smile '' - and sam was pretty bossy , much like someone else whose name i wo n't mention . '' 
 she pinched my ribs , and i grunted . 
 `` so , i usually ended up following her wherever she wanted to go . '' 
 `` i 'm having a hard time picturing that , '' kenzie murmured with a faint smile . 
 `` i keep seeing this scowling little kid , stomping around and glaring at everyone . '' 
 `` believe what you want , i was actually pretty docile back then . 
 the scowling and setting things on fire came later . '' 
 kenzie shook her head , feathery black strands brushing my cheek . 
 `` so , what happened ? '' 
 she asked softly . 
 i sobered . 
 `` sam was horse crazy , '' i continued , seeing the red-haired girl in the back of my mind , wearing her cowboy hat . 
 `` her room was full of horse posters and model ponies . 
 she went to equestrian camp every summer , and the only thing she ever wanted for her birthday was an appaloosa filly . 
 we lived in the suburbs , so it was impossible for her to keep a horse in her backyard , but she was saving up for one just the same . '' 
 kenzie 's palm lingered on my chest , right over my heart , which was pounding against her fingers . 
 `` and then , one day , '' i continued , swallowing hard , `` we were at the park , for her birthday , and this small black horse came wandering out of the trees . 
 i knew what it was , of course . 
 it had un-glamoured itself , so that sam could see it , too , and did n't run away when she walked up to it . '' 
 `` it was a faery ? '' 
 kenzie whispered . 
 `` a phouka , '' i muttered darkly . 
 `` and it knew what it was doing , the way it kept staring at me . 
 i was terrified . 
 i wanted to leave , to go back and find the grown-ups , but sam would n't listen to me . 
 she kept rubbing its neck and feeding it bread crumbs , and the thing acted so friendly and tame that she was convinced it was just someone 's pony that had gotten loose . 
 of course , that 's what it wanted her to think . '' 
 `` phoukas , '' kenzie muttered , her voice thoughtful . 
 `` i think i read about them . 
 they disguise themselves as horses or ponies , to lure people onto their backs . '' 
 she drew in a sharp breath . 
 `` did sam try to ride it ? '' 
 i closed my eyes . 
 `` i told her not to . '' 
 my voice came out shaky at the end . 
 `` i begged her not to ride it , but she threatened she would make me sorry if i went and blabbed . 
 and i did n't do anything . 
 i watched her lead it to a picnic bench and swing up like she did with every horse in her summer camp . 
 i knew what it was , and i did n't stop her . '' 
 a familiar chill ran up my spine as i remembered , just before sam hopped on , the phouka turned its head and gave me a grin that was more demonic than anything i 'd ever seen . 
 `` as soon as she was on its back , '' i whispered , `` it was gone . 
 it took off through the trees , and i could hear her screaming the whole way . '' 
 kenzie clenched her fingers in my shirt . 
 `` did she - '' `` they found her later in the woods , '' i interrupted . 
 `` maybe a mile from where we had first seen the phouka . 
 she was still alive but ... '' i stopped , took a careful breath to clear my throat . 
 `` but her back was broken . 
 she was paralyzed from the waist down . '' 
 `` oh , ethan . '' 
 `` her parents moved after that . '' 
 my voice sounded flat in my ears , like a stranger 's . 
 `` sam did n't remember the black pony-that 's another quirk about the fey . 
 the memory fades , and people usually forget about them . 
 no one blamed me , of course . 
 it was a freak accident , only ... i knew it was n't . 
 i knew if i had said more , argued more , i could have saved her . 
 sam would 've been angry with me , but she would still be okay . '' 
 `` it - '' `` do n't say ` it 's not your fault , ' '' i whispered harshly . 
 there was a stinging sensation in my throat , and my eyes were suddenly blurry . 
 releasing her , i turned away , not wanting her to see me fall apart . 
 `` i knew what that thing was , '' i gritted out . 
 `` it was there because of me , not sam . 
 i could have physically stopped her from getting on , but i did n't , because i was afraid she would n't like me . 
 all her dreams of riding her own horse , of competing in rodeos , she lost it all . 
 because i was too scared to do anything . '' 
 kenzie was silent , though i could feel her watching me . 
 around us , the faery dancers twirled in the moonlight , graceful and hypnotic , but i could n't see their beauty anymore . 
 all i could see was sam , the way she laughed , the way she bounced from place to place , never still . 
 she would never run again , or go hiking through the woods , or ride her beloved horses . 
 because of me . 
 `` that 's why i ca n't get let anyone get close , '' i rasped . 
 `` if sam taught me anything , it 's that i ca n't afford to have friends . 
 i ca n't take that chance . 
 i do n't care if the fey come after me-i 've dodged them all my life . 
 but they 're not satisfied with just hurting me . 
 they 'll go after anyone i care about . 
 that 's what they do . 
 and i ca n't stop them . 
 i ca n't protect anyone but myself and my family , so it 's better if people leave me alone . 
 no one gets hurt that way . '' 
 `` except you . '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 i sighed , scrubbing a hand over my face . 
 `` just me . 
 i can handle that . '' 
 a heaviness was spreading through me , gathering in my chest , that same feeling of helpless despair , the knowledge that i could n't do anything , not really . 
 that i could only watch as the people around me became targets , victims . 
 `` but , now ... you 're here . 
 and ... '' her arms slipped around my waist from behind , making my heart jump . 
 i drew in a sharp breath as she pressed her cheek to my back . 
 `` and you 're scared i 'm going to end up like sam , '' she whispered . 
 `` kenzie , if something happened to you because of me - '' `` stop it . '' 
 she gave me a little shake . 
 `` ethan , you ca n't control what they do , '' she said firmly . 
 `` stop blaming yourself . 
 faeries will play their nasty tricks and games whether you can see them or not . 
 the fey have always tormented humans , is n't that what you told me ? '' 
 `` yeah , but - '' `` no buts . '' 
 she shook me again , her voice firm . 
 `` you did n't make that girl get on that phouka . 
 you tried to warn her . 
 ethan , you were a little kid facing down a faery . 
 you did nothing wrong . '' 
 `` what about you ? '' 
 my voice came out husky , ragged . 
 `` i pulled you into this mess . 
 you would n't even be here if i had n't - '' `` i 'm here because i want to be , '' kenzie said in that soft , calm voice . 
 `` you said it yourself-i could 've gone home anytime i wanted . 
 but i stayed . 
 and you 're not going to cut me out of your life . 
 not now . 
 because no matter what you think , no matter how much you say you want to be alone , that it 's better for everyone if you keep your distance , you ca n't go through this all by yourself . '' 
 her arms tightened around me , her voice dropping to a murmur . 
 `` i 'm staying . 
 i 'm right here , and i 'm not going anywhere . '' 
 i could n't say anything for a few seconds , because i was pretty sure if i opened my mouth i would break down . 
 kenzie did n't say anything , either , and we just stood there for a little while , her arms wrapped around my waist , her slim body against mine . 
 the fey danced and twirled their eerie patterns around us , but they were distant mirages , now . 
 the only thing that was real was the girl behind me . 
 slowly , i turned in her arms . 
 she gazed up at me , her fingers still locked against the small of my back , holding me captive . 
 i was suddenly positive that i did n't want to move , that i was content to stay like this , trapped in the middle of a faery ring , until the sun rose and the fair folk disappeared , taking their music and glamour with them . 
 as long as she was here . 
 i slipped my hand into her hair , brushing a thumb over her cheek , and she closed her eyes . 
 my heart was pounding , and a tiny voice inside was warning me not to do it , not to get close . 
 if i did , they would only hurt her , make her a target , use her to get to me . 
 but i could n't fight this anymore , and i was tired of trying . 
 kenzie had been brave enough to stand with me against the fey and had n't left my side once . 
 maybe it was time to stop living in fear ... and just live . 
 cupping her face with my other hand , i lowered my head ... and my nerves jangled a warning , that cold chill spreading over the back of my neck and down my spine . 
 i tried not to listen , but years of vigilant paranoia , developing an almost unnatural sixth sense that told me i was being watched , could not be ignored so easily . 
 growling a curse , i raised my head and scanned the clearing , trying to see past the unearthly dancers into the shadows of the trees . 
 from the edge of the woods , high in the branches above the swirling fey , a pair of familiar golden eyes gleamed in the darkness , watching us . 
 i blinked , and the eyes vanished . 
 i swore again , cursing the rotten timing . 
 kenzie opened her eyes and raised her head , turning to glance at the now empty spot . 
 `` did you see something ? '' 
 i sighed . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 reluctantly , i pulled back , determined to finish what we 'd started-later . 
 kenzie looked disappointed but let me go . 
 `` come on , then . 
 before he finds the others . '' 
 taking her hand , i strode out of the ring , parting ranks of fey as i did . 
 just inside the tree line , keirran and annwyl waited at the edge of the shadows , their backs to us . 
 `` keirran ! '' 
 i called , breaking into a jog , kenzie sprinting to keep up . 
 keirran did n't turn , and i tapped his shoulder as i stopped beside him . 
 `` hey , we 've got company-oh . '' 
 `` so nice to see you , human , '' a voice purred from an overhead branch . 
 grimalkin sniffed , looking from me to keirran , and smiled . 
 `` how amusing that you are both here . 
 the queen is not at all happy with either of you . '' 
 chapter eighteen the fey of central park keirran visibly winced . 
 `` what are you doing here , cat ? '' 
 i demanded , and grimalkin turned a slow , bored gaze on me . 
 `` if you 're here to take us back to meghan , you can forget it . 
 we 're not going anywhere . '' 
 he yawned , sitting up to scratch an ear . 
 `` as if i have nothing better to do than play nursemaid to a pair of wayward mortals , '' he sniffed . 
 `` no , the iron queen simply asked me to find you , to see if you were still alive . 
 and to make sure that you did not wander into a dragon 's lair or fall down a dark hole , as you humans are so prone to doing . '' 
 `` so she sent you to babysit us . '' 
 i crossed my arms . 
 `` we do n't need your help . 
 we 're doing fine on our own . '' 
 `` oh ? '' 
 grimalkin curled his whiskers at me . 
 `` and where will you go after this , human ? 
 back to leanansidhe 's ? 
 i have already been there , and she will tell you the same thing i am about to . '' 
 he yawned again and stretched on the branch , arching his tail over his back , making us wait . 
 sitting back down , he raised a paw and gave it a few slow licks . 
 i tapped my fingers impatiently on my arm . 
 from the few stories meghan had told me about the cait sith , i 'd thought she might be exaggerating . 
 now i knew she was not . 
 `` leanansidhe has a lead she wishes you to follow up on , '' he finally announced , when i was just about ready to throw a rock at him . 
 `` there have been a great many disappearances around central park in new york . 
 she thinks it would be prudent to search the area , see what you can turn up . 
 if you are able to turn up anything . '' 
 `` new york ? '' 
 kenzie furrowed her brow . 
 `` why there ? 
 i thought new york would be a place the fey avoid , you know , because it 's so crowded and , um...iron-y . '' 
 `` it is indeed , '' the cat said , nodding . 
 `` however , central park has one of the highest populations of exiled fey in the world . 
 many half-breeds also come from that area . 
 it is a small oasis in the middle of a vast population of humans . 
 also , there are more trods to and from central park than you would ever guess . '' 
 `` so , how are we supposed to get to new york from ireland ? '' 
 grimalkin sighed . 
 `` one would think i would not have to explain how this works to mortals , again and again and again , '' he mused . 
 `` worry not , human . 
 leanansidhe and i have already discussed it . 
 i will lead you there , and then you can flounder aimlessly about to your heart 's content . '' 
 razor suddenly blipped onto keirran 's shoulder with a hiss , glaring at grimalkin . 
 `` bad kitty ! '' 
 he screeched , making keirran flinch and jerk his head to the side . 
 `` evil , evil , sneaky kitty ! 
 bite his tail off ! 
 pull his toes out ! 
 burn , burn ! '' 
 he bounced furiously on keirran 's shoulder , and the prince put a hand over his head to stop him . 
 `` what about the queen ? '' 
 he asked over razor 's muffled hisses and occasional `` bad kitties . '' 
 `` does n't she want you to return to the iron court ? '' 
 `` the queen asked me to find you , and i did . '' 
 grimalkin scratched an ear , not the least bit concerned with the raging gremlin threatening to set him on fire . 
 `` beyond that , i am afraid i can not be expected to drag you back if you do not wish to go . 
 though ... the prince consort did mention the phrase , throw away the key , at one point . '' 
 i could n't be sure , but i thought i saw keirran gulp . 
 razor gave a buzz that sounded almost worried . 
 `` so , if we are done asking useless questions ... '' grimalkin hopped to a lower branch , waving his tail and watching us with amusement . 
 `` and if you are all quite finished dancing under the moon , i will lead you to your destination . 
 we will have to cut back through leanansidhe 's basement , but she has several trods to new york due to the amount of business she conducts there . 
 and she is not exactly pleased with all the disappearances in her favorite city , so i suggest you hurry . '' 
 `` right now ? '' 
 `` i do not see the point in repeating myself , human , '' grimalkin said with a disdainful glance in my direction . 
 `` follow along or not . 
 it makes no difference to me . '' 
 * * * i 'd never been to new york city or central park , though i had seen images of them both online . 
 as seen from above , the park was pretty amazing : an enormous , perfectly rectangular strip of nature surrounded by buildings , roads , skyscrapers and millions of people . 
 it had woodlands , meadows , even a couple of huge lakes , smack-dab in the middle of one of the largest cities in the world . 
 pretty damn impressive . 
 it was no wonder that it was a haven for the fey . 
 it was early twilight when we went through yet another archway in leanansidhe 's dungeon and came out beneath a rough stone bridge surrounded by trees . 
 at first , it was hard to believe we stood at the heart of a city of millions . 
 everything seemed quiet and peaceful , with the sun setting in the west and the birds still chirping in the branches . 
 a few seconds later , however , it became clear that this was n't the wilderness . 
 the irish moors had been completely silent ; stand in one place long enough , and it felt as if you were the only person in the entire world . 
 here , though , the air held the quiet stillness of approaching night , you could still catch the faint sounds of horns and street traffic , filtering through the trees . 
 `` okay , '' i muttered , looking at grimalkin , who strutted to a nearby log and hopped up on it . 
 `` we 're here . 
 where to now ? '' 
 the cat sat down and licked dew off his paw . 
 `` that is up to you , human , '' he stated calmly . 
 `` i can not look over your shoulder every step of the way . 
 i brought you to your destination-what you do next is no concern of mine . '' 
 he drew the paw over his ears and licked his whiskers before continuing . 
 `` according to leanansidhe , there have been several disappearances in central park . 
 so you are in the right place to start looking for ... whatever it is that you are looking for . '' 
 `` you do realize central park is over eight hundred acres . 
 how are we supposed to find anything ? '' 
 `` certainly not by standing about and whining at me . '' 
 grimalkin yawned and stretched , curling his tail over his back . 
 `` i have business to attend to , '' he stated , hopping off the log . 
 `` so this is where we must part . 
 if you find anything , return to this bridge-it will take you back to leanansidhe 's . 
 do try not to get lost , humans . 
 it is becoming rather tedious hunting you down . '' 
 with a flick of his bushy tail , grimalkin trotted away , leaped up an embankment , and vanished into the brush . 
 i looked at kenzie and the others . 
 `` any ideas ? 
 other than wandering around a giant-ass park without a clue , that is . '' 
 surprisingly , it was annwyl that spoke . 
 `` i remember coming here a few times in the past , '' she said . 
 `` there are several places that are hot spots for the local fey . 
 we could start there . '' 
 `` good enough . '' 
 i nodded and gestured down the path . 
 `` lead the way . '' 
 yep , central park was enormous , a whole world unto itself , it seemed . 
 we followed annwyl down twisty forest paths , over wider cement roads lined with trees , across a huge flat lawn that still had people milling about , tossing footballs or lying together on blankets , watching the stars . 
 `` strange , '' annwyl murmured as we crossed the gigantic field , passing a couple making out on a quilt . 
 `` there 's always a few of us on the lawn at twilight-it 's one of our favorite dancing spots . 
 but this place feels completely empty . '' 
 a breeze whispered across the lawn , and she shivered , hugging herself . 
 keirran put his hands on her shoulders . 
 `` i 'm afraid of what we might find here . '' 
 `` we have n't found anything yet , annwyl , '' keirran said , and she nodded . 
 `` i know . '' 
 we continued past the lawn , walking by a large , open-air stage on the banks of a lake . 
 a statue of two lovers embracing sat just outside the theater , together for all time . 
 again , annwyl paused , gazing at the structure as if she expected to see someone there . 
 `` shakespeare in the park . '' 
 she sighed , sounding wistful . 
 `` i watched a midsummer night 's dream here once . 
 it was incredible-the veil was the thinnest i 'd ever seen at that point . 
 so many humans were almost ready to believe in us . '' 
 she shook her head , her face dark . 
 `` something is very wrong . 
 we have n't seen a single exile , half-blood or anyone . 
 what has happened here ? '' 
 `` we have to keep looking , '' kenzie said . 
 `` there has to be someone who knows what 's going on . 
 is there another place we could search ? '' 
 annwyl nodded . 
 `` one more place , '' she murmured . 
 `` and if we do n't find anyone there , then there 's no one to be found . 
 follow me . '' 
 she took us down another path that turned into a rocky trail , winding its way through a serene landscape of flowers and plants . 
 rustic wooden railings and benches lined the path , and a few late-blooming flowers still poked up from the vegetation . 
 quaint was the word that came to mind as we trailed annwyl through the lush gardens . 
 quaint and picturesque , though i did n't voice my opinion out loud . 
 keirran and annwyl were faeries , and kenzie was a girl , so it was okay for them to notice such things . 
 as a card-carrying member of the guy club , i was n't going to comment on the floral arrangements . 
 `` where are we ? '' 
 i asked instead . 
 `` what is this place ? '' 
 annwyl stopped at the base of a tree , fenced in by wooden railings and in full bloom despite the cool weather . 
 `` this , '' she said , gazing up at the branches , `` is shakespeare 's garden . 
 the most famous human of our world . 
 we come to this place to pay tribute to the great bard , the mortal who opened people 's minds again to magic . 
 who made humans remember us once more . '' 
 she reached out to the tree and gently touched a withered leaf with her finger . 
 the branch shuddered , and the leaf uncurled , green and alive again . 
 `` the fact that it 's empty now , that no one is here , is terrifying . '' 
 i craned my neck to look up at the tree . 
 it was empty , except for a lone black bird near the top branches , preening its feathers . 
 annwyl was right ; it was strange that we had n't run into any fey , especially in a place like this . 
 central park had everything they could ask for : art and imagination , huge swaths of nature , a never-ending source of glamour from all the humans who passed through . 
 this place should be teeming with faeries . 
 `` are n't there other places we could check ? '' 
 kenzie asked . 
 `` other ... faery hangouts ? '' 
 `` yes , '' annwyl said , but she did n't sound confident . 
 `` there are other places . 
 sheep meadow - '' `` sheep ! '' 
 razor buzzed . '' 
 - tavern on the green and strawberry fields . 
 but if we did n't run into anyone by now , i doubt we 're going to have much luck . '' 
 `` well , we ca n't give up , '' kenzie insisted . 
 `` it 's a big park . 
 there have to be other places we can - '' a cry shattered the silence then , causing us all to jerk up . 
 it was faint , echoing over the trees , but a few seconds later it came again , desperate and terrified . 
 keirran drew his sword . 
 `` come on ! '' 
 we charged back down the path , following the echo of the scream , hoping we were going in the right direction . 
 as we left shakespeare 's garden , the path split before us , and i paused a second , panting and looking around . 
 i could just see the top of the theater off to the left , but directly ahead of us ... `` is that ... a castle ? '' 
 i asked , staring at the stone towers rising over the trees . 
 `` belvedere castle , '' annwyl said , coming up behind me . 
 `` not really a castle , either . 
 more of an observatory and sightseeing spot . '' 
 `` is that why it 's so small ? '' 
 `` look ! '' 
 kenzie gasped , grabbing my arm and pointing to the towers . 
 ghostly figures , white and pale in the moonlight , swarmed the top of the stone castle , crawling over its walls like ants . 
 another scream rang out , and a small , dark figure appeared in the midst of the swarm , scrambling for the top of the tower . 
 `` hurry ! '' 
 keirran ordered and took off , the rest of us close behind . 
 reaching the base of the castle steps , i whirled , stopping kenzie from following me up . 
 `` stay here , '' i told her , as she took a breath to protest . 
 `` kenzie , you ca n't go charging up there ! 
 there 're too many of them , and you do n't have anything to fight with . '' 
 `` screw that , '' kenzie retorted , and grabbed a rattan stick from my hand . 
 `` i do now ! '' 
 `` ethan , '' keirran called before i could argue . 
 the faery prince stood a few steps up , glaring at the top of the staircase . 
 `` they 're coming ! '' 
 ghostly fey swarmed over the walls and hurled themselves down the steps toward us . 
 they were small faeries , gnome-or goblin-sized , but their hands were huge , twice as big as mine . 
 as they drew closer , i saw that they had no mouths , just two giant , bulging eyes and a pair of slits for a nose . 
 they dropped from the walls , crawling down like lizards or spiders , and flowed silently down the steps toward us . 
 at the head of our group , keirran raised his hand , eyes half-closed in concentration . 
 for a second , the air around him turned cold , and then he swept his arm down toward the approaching fey . 
 ice shards flew before him in a vicious arc , ripping into the swarm like an explosion of shrapnel . 
 wide-eyed , several of them jerked , twisted into fog and disappeared . 
 damn . 
 where have i seen that before ? 
 brandishing his weapon , keirran charged up the steps with me close behind him . 
 the evil , mouthless gnomes scuttled toward us , eyes hard and furious , raising their hands as they lunged . 
 one of them clawed at my arm as i jerked back . 
 its palm opened up-or rather , a gaping , tooth-lined mouth opened up on its palm , hissing and chomping as it snatched for me . 
 `` aagh ! '' 
 i yelped , kicking the gnome away . 
 `` that is not cool ! 
 keirran ! '' 
 `` i saw . '' 
 keirran 's sword flashed , and an arm went hurtling away , mouth shrieking . 
 the ghostly fey pressed in , raising their horrible hands . 
 surrounded by tiny , gnashing teeth , keirran stood his ground , cutting at any faery that got too close . 
 `` are the others all right ? '' 
 he panted without looking back . 
 i spared a split-second glance at kenzie and annwyl . 
 keirran and i were blocking the lower half of the steps , so the gnomes were focused on us , but kenzie stood in front of annwyl , her rattan stick raised to defend the summer girl if needed . 
 i almost missed the gnome that ducked through keirran 's guard and leaped at me , both hands aiming for my throat . 
 i stumbled back , raising my stick , but a vine suddenly whipped over the stair rail and coiled around the faery in midair , hurling it away . 
 i looked back and saw annwyl , one hand outstretched , the plants around her writhing angrily . 
 i nodded my thanks and lunged forward to join keirran . 
 gradually , we fought our way up the steps until we reached the open courtyard at the base of the towers . 
 the ugly gnomes fell back , swiping at us with their toothy hands as we pressed forward . 
 one managed to latch onto my belt ; i felt the razor-sharp teeth slice through the leather as easily as paper before i smashed the hilt of my weapon into its head with a curse . 
 we fought our way across the deck , battling gnomes that swarmed us from all directions , until we stood in the shadow of the miniature castle itself . 
 kenzie and annwyl hung back near the top of the steps , annwyl using summer magic to choke and entangle her opponents , while kenzie whapped them with her stick once they were trapped . 
 but more kept coming , scaling the walls , rushing us with arms raised . 
 a cry behind us made me look back . 
 several gnomes stood in a loose circle around kenzie and annwyl . 
 they were n't attacking , but the faery 's hands were stretched toward the summer girl , the horrible mouths opened wide . 
 annwyl had fallen to her hands and knees , her slender form fraying around the edges as if she was made of mist and the wind was blowing her away . 
 kenzie rushed forward and swung at one gnome , striking it in the shoulder . 
 it turned with a hiss and grabbed the stick in both hands . 
 there was a splintering crack , and the rattan shredded , breaking apart , as the faery 's teeth made short work of the wood . 
 `` annwyl ! '' 
 keirran turned back , rushing forward to defend the summer girl and kenzie , and in that moment of distraction a wrinkled , gnarled hand landed on my arm . 
 jagged teeth sank into my wrist , and i cried out , shaking my arm to dislodge it , but the thing clung to me like a leech , biting and chewing . 
 gritting my teeth , i slammed my arm into the wall several times , ignoring the burst of agony with every hit , and the gnome finally dropped away . 
 the gnomes pressed forward , sensing blood . 
 my wrist and forearm were soaked red and felt as if i 'd just stuck my arm into a meat grinder . 
 as i staggered back , half-blind with pain , a big raven swooped down and landed on the wall across from me . 
 and , maybe it was the delirium from the pain and loss of blood , but i was almost sure it winked . 
 there was a burst of cold from keirran 's direction , and the bird took off . 
 several shrieks of pain showed the iron prince was taking revenge for the summer faery , but that did n't really help me , backed against a wall , dripping blood all over the flagstones . 
 i braced myself as the swarm tensed to attack . 
 `` you really do meet the strangest people in new york , '' called a new voice somewhere overhead . 
 i looked up . 
 a lean figure stood atop one of the towers , arms crossed , gazing down with a smirk . 
 he shook his head , dislodging several feathers from his crimson hair , giving me a split-second glance of his pointed ears . 
 `` for example , '' he continued , still grinning widely , `` you look exactly like the brother of a good friend of mine . 
 i mean , what are the odds ? 
 of course , he 's supposed to be safely home in louisiana , so i have no idea what he 's doing in new york city . 
 oh , well . '' 
 the gnomes whirled , hissing and confused , looking from me to the intruder and back again . 
 sensing he was the bigger threat , they started edging toward the tower , raising their hands to snarl at him . 
 `` huh , that 's kinda disturbing . 
 i bet none of you have pets , do you ? '' 
 a dagger came flying through the air from his direction , striking a gnome as it rushed forward , turning it into mist . 
 a second later , the stranger landed next to me , still grinning , pulling a second dagger from his belt . 
 `` hey there , ethan chase , '' he said , looking as smug and irreverent as i remembered . 
 `` fancy meeting you here . '' 
 the pack lifted their arms again , mouths opening , and i felt that strange , sluggish pull . 
 the faery beside me snorted . 
 `` i do n't think so , '' he scoffed , and lunged into their midst . 
 pushing myself off the wall , i started to follow , but he really did n't need much help . 
 even with the gnomes sucking away at his glamour , he danced and whirled among them with no problem , his dagger cutting a misty path through their ranks . 
 `` oy , human , go help your friends ! '' 
 he called , dodging as a piranha-gnome leaped at him . 
 `` i can finish up here ! '' 
 i nodded and ran to the foot of the stairs where keirran had drawn back , placing himself between the gnomes , annwyl and kenzie , his eyes flashing as he dared anything to come close . 
 annwyl slumped against the ground , and kenzie stood protectively beside her , still holding one half of the broken rattan . 
 a few gnomes surrounded them , arms outstretched and glaring at keirran ; one was doubled over a few feet away as if sick . 
 leaping from the stairs , i dropped behind one of the faeries with a yell , bringing my stick crashing down on its skull . 
 it dropped like a stone , fading into nothing , and i quickly stepped to the side , kicking another in the head , flinging it away . 
 hissing , the rest of the pack scattered . 
 screeching and jabbering through their nasty hand-mouths , they scuttled into the bushes and up the walls , leaving us alone at the foot of the stairs . 
 panting , i looked toward the others . 
 `` everyone okay ? '' 
 keirran was n't listening . 
 as soon as the gnomes had gone , he sheathed his weapon and immediately turned to annwyl , dropping down beside her . 
 i heard them talking in low murmurs , keirran 's worried voice asking if she was all right , the summer girl insisting she was fine . 
 i sighed and turned to kenzie ; they would probably be unreachable for a while . 
 kenzie approached sheepishly , one half of the broken rattan in her hand . 
 `` sorry , '' she said , holding up the ruined weapon with a helpless gesture . 
 `` it ... uh ... died a noble death . 
 i can only hope it gave that thing a wicked tongue splinter . '' 
 i took the broken stick from her hand , tossed it into the bushes , and drew her into a brief , one-armed hug . 
 `` better the stick than you , '' i muttered , feeling her heart speed up , her arms circling my waist to cling to me . 
 `` are you all right ? '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` they were doing something to annwyl when keirran came leaping in . 
 he killed several , but they backed off and started doing that creepy thing with their hands , and annwyl ... '' she shivered , looking back at the summer faery in concern . 
 `` it was a good thing you came and chased them off . 
 annwyl was n't looking so good ... and you 're bleeding again ! '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 i gritted my teeth as she stepped away and gently took my arm . 
 `` one of them mistook my arm for the stick . 
 ow ! '' 
 i flinched as she drew back the torn sleeve , revealing a mess of blood and sliced skin . 
 `` you can thank keirran for this , '' i muttered as kenzie gave me a horrified , apologetic look . 
 `` he went swooping in to rescue his girlfriend and left me alone with a half dozen piranha fey . '' 
 and speaking of swooping ... `` hey , '' came a familiar , slightly annoyed voice from the top of the stairs , `` not to rain on your little reunion or anything , but did you forget something back there ? 
 like , oh , i do n't know ... me ? '' 
 i heard a gasp from annwyl as the redheaded faery came sauntering down the steps , lips pulled into a smirk . 
 `` remember me ? '' 
 he said , hopping down the last step to face us , still grinning . 
 kenzie eyed him curiously , but he looked past her to keirran and annwyl . 
 `` oh , hey , and the princeling is here , too ! 
 small world ! 
 and what , may i ask , are you doing way out here with the queen 's brother ? '' 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 i growled , as keirran and annwyl finally joined us . 
 keirran had on a wide , relieved smile , and the other faery grinned back at him ; obviously they knew each other . 
 annwyl , on the other hand , looked faintly star-struck . 
 i guess you could n't blame her , considering who this was . 
 `` me ? '' 
 the faery laced his hands behind his skull . 
 `` i was supposed to meet a certain obnoxious furball near shakespeare 's garden , but then i heard a racket so i decided to investigate . '' 
 he shook his head , giving me a bemused look . 
 `` jeez , you 're just as much trouble as your sister , you know that ? 
 it must run in the family . '' 
 `` um , excuse me , '' kenzie put in , and we stared at her . 
 `` sorry , '' she continued , looking around at each of us , `` but do you all know each other ? 
 and if you do , would you mind letting me in on the secret ? '' 
 the great prankster grinned at me . 
 `` you wan na tell her ? 
 or should i ? '' 
 i ignored him . 
 `` kenzie , '' i sighed , `` this is robin goodfellow , a friend of my sister 's . '' 
 her eyes went wide , and i nodded . 
 `` you might know him better as - '' `` puck , '' she finished for me in a whisper . 
 she was staring at him now , awe and amazement written across her face . 
 `` puck , like from a midsummer night 's dream ? 
 love potions and nick bottom and donkey heads ? 
 that puck ? '' 
 `` the one and only . '' 
 puck grinned . 
 pulling a green hankie from his pocket , he wadded it up and tossed it in my direction . 
 i caught it with my good hand . 
 `` here . 
 looks like those things chewed on you pretty good . 
 wrap that up , and then someone can tell me what the heck is going on here . '' 
 `` that 's what we were trying to figure out , '' keirran explained , as kenzie took the handkerchief and started wrapping my mangled wrist . 
 the slashes were n't deep , but they were extremely painful . 
 damn piranha-faery . 
 i clenched my teeth and endured , as keirran went on . 
 `` leanansidhe sent us here to see what was happening with the exiles and half-breeds . 
 we were trying to find them when you showed up . '' 
 razor abruptly winked into sight on keirran 's shoulder . 
 seeing puck , the gremlin gave a trill that was n't quite welcoming , making puck wrinkle his nose . 
 `` oh , hey , buzz-saw . 
 still hanging around , are you ? '' 
 he sighed . 
 `` so , let me get this straight . 
 scary dark muse has got you tromping all over central park on some sort of crazy secret mission , and she did n't tell me about it ? 
 well , i 'm kinda hurt . '' 
 crossing his arms , he gave keirran and me a scrutinizing look , and his green eyes narrowed sharply . 
 `` how did you two get involved in this , anyway ? '' 
 something in his voice made the hairs rise along my arm . 
 me and keirran . 
 not kenzie or annwyl ; he was n't even looking at them . 
 puck knew something . 
 just like meghan . 
 it was as if he 'd confirmed that keirran and i were never supposed to meet , that seeing us together was definitely a bad thing . 
 i could n't think about that now , though . 
 puck was certainly not going to tell me anything . 
 `` my friend todd was kidnapped , '' i said , and he arched an eyebrow at me . 
 `` he 's a half-breed , and was taken by the same type of creatures that suck out the glamour of normal fey . '' 
 `` i thought that 's what they were doing . 
 ugh . '' 
 puck gave an exaggerated shiver and brushed at his arms . 
 `` nasty creepy things . 
 i 'm feeling very violated right now . '' 
 he shook himself , then frowned at me . 
 `` so , you just decided to go look for him ? 
 just like that ? 
 without telling anyone about it ? 
 wow , you are just like your sister . '' 
 `` we had to do something , puck , '' keirran broke in . 
 `` exiles and half-breeds all over the world are disappearing . 
 and these...glamour-eaters ... are making them disappear . 
 summer and winter were n't offering any help . 
 i could go to oberon , but he wo n't listen to me . '' 
 kenzie finished wrapping my arm , tying it off as gently as she could . 
 i nodded my thanks and turned to the summer faery . 
 `` but he 'll listen to you , '' i told puck . 
 `` someone has to tell the courts about this . '' 
 `` and you think i should be messenger boy ? '' 
 puck crossed his arms . 
 `` what do i look like , a carrier pigeon ? 
 what about you ? 
 what are you four planning ? '' 
 he looked at all of us , keirran especially , and smiled . 
 `` whatever it is , i think i should stick around for it . '' 
 `` what about grimalkin ? '' 
 `` furball ? '' 
 puck snorted . 
 `` he probably set this whole thing up . 
 if he wants to see me , he 'll find me . 
 besides , this sounds much more exciting . '' 
 `` we 've got this . '' 
 `` really ? 
 your arm begs to differ , kid . 
 what would meghan say if she knew you were out here ? 
 both of you ? '' 
 he added , glancing at keirran . 
 `` we 'll be fine , '' i insisted . 
 `` i do n't need meghan 's help . 
 i survived without her for years . 
 she never bothered to keep tabs on me until now . '' 
 puck narrowed his eyes to glowing slits , looking rather dangerous now , and i quickly switched tactics . 
 `` and we 're just going back to leanansidhe , to let her know what we found . 
 there 's nothing here , anyway . '' 
 `` but the courts have to know what 's going on , '' keirran added . 
 `` you felt what those things were doing . 
 how long before they kill all the exiles in the real world and start eyeing the nevernever ? '' 
 `` you have to go to them , '' i said . 
 `` you have to let them know what 's going on . 
 if you tell oberon - '' `` he might not listen to me , either . '' 
 puck sighed , scratching the back of his neck . 
 `` but ... i see your point . 
 fine , then . '' 
 he blew out a noisy breath . 
 `` looks like the next stop on my list is arcadia . '' 
 that grin crept up again , eager and malicious . 
 `` i guess it 's about time i went home . 
 titania is going to be so happy to see me . '' 
 at the mention of titania , annwyl shivered and wrapped her arms around herself . 
 the longing on the summer girl 's face was plain ; it was obvious that she wanted to go home , back to the summer court . 
 keirran did n't touch her but leaned in and whispered something in her ear , and she smiled at him gratefully . 
 they did n't see the way puck stared at them , his eyes hooded and troubled , a shadow darkening his face . 
 they did n't see the way his gaze narrowed , his mouth set into a grim line . 
 it caused a chill to skitter up my back , but before i could say anything , the summer prankster yawned noisily and stretched , raising long limbs over his head , and the scary look on his face vanished . 
 `` well , '' he mused , dusting off his hands , `` i guess i 'm off to the summer court , then . 
 you sure you four do n't need any help ? 
 i feel a little left out of the action . '' 
 `` we 'll be fine , puck , '' keirran said . 
 `` if you see my parents , tell them i 'm sorry , but i had to go . '' 
 puck winced . 
 `` yeah , that 's going to go over so well for me , '' he muttered . 
 `` i can already hear what ice-boy is going to say about this . '' 
 shaking his head , he backed up , leaves and dust starting to swirl around him . 
 `` you two remind me of a certain pair . '' 
 he grinned , looking from me to keirran . 
 `` maybe that 's why i like you so much . 
 so be careful , okay ? 
 if you get into trouble , i 'll probably get blamed for it . '' 
 the whirlwind of dust and leaves whipped into a frenzy , and puck twisted into himself , growing smaller and darker , until a huge black raven rose from the cyclone and flapped away over the trees . 
 `` wow , '' murmured kenzie , uncharacteristically quiet until now . 
 `` i actually met robin goodfellow . '' 
 `` yeah , '' i said , cradling my arm . 
 my wrist hurt like hell , and the mention of my sister was making me moody . 
 `` he 's a lot less insufferable in the plays . '' 
 for some reason , razor found that hilarious and cackled with laughter , bouncing up and down on keirran 's back . 
 the prince sighed . 
 `` he wo n't go back to arcadia , '' he said grimly , staring at the spot where the raven had disappeared . 
 `` not immediately . 
 he 'll go to mag tuiredh , or he 'll at least try to get a message there . 
 he 's going back to tell my parents where we are . '' 
 `` great , '' i muttered . 
 `` so we do n't have a lot of time , whatever we do . '' 
 keirran shook his head . 
 `` what now ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` should we go back to leanansidhe and tell her the park is basically a dead zone ? '' 
 `` my vote is yes , '' i said . 
 i shifted my arm to a more comfortable position , gritting my teeth as pain stabbed through my wrist . 
 `` if we run into any more of those things , i 'm not going to be able to fight very well . '' 
 `` back to the bridge , then ? '' 
 `` wait , '' kenzie said suddenly . 
 she was staring back toward the castle , her gaze turned toward one of the towers , dark and hazy in the moonlight . 
 `` i thought i saw something move . '' 
 i turned , following her gaze , just as a head poked up from one of the observation platforms , looking around wildly . 
 its eyes glowed orange in the shadows . 
 chapter nineteen passing down the swords `` todd ! '' 
 i called , rushing forward . 
 the dark figure jerked its head toward me , eyes going wide . 
 i leaped up the steps , taking them two at a time , the others close behind . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 i barked , as the shadowy figure scrambled over the edge of the wall , landing on the deck with a grunt . 
 `` todd , wait ! '' 
 i put on a burst of speed , but the figure raced across the courtyard , leaped over the edge and plummeted into the pond at the bottom with a splash . 
 `` annwyl , '' keirran said as we reached the spot the half-breed went over . 
 he was swimming for the edge of the pond , drawing rapidly away . 
 `` can you stop him ? '' 
 the summer girl nodded . 
 waiting until the half-breed reached the shore , she immediately flung out a hand , and coils of vegetation erupted from the ground , snaking around him . 
 there was a yelp of fear and dismay and the sound of wild thrashing as annwyl continued to wrap him in vines . 
 `` got him , '' keirran muttered , and leaped onto the wall . 
 he crouched there for a split second , balanced gracefully on the edge , then dropped the long way down to the ground , landing on a sliver of solid ground below us as lightly as a cat . 
 sheathing his sword , he started across the pond . 
 i scowled at the back of his head , as i , being a mere mortal , had to retrace my steps back down the stairs and around the pond . 
 kenzie followed . 
 by the time we reached the place the half-breed was trapped , keirran stood a few feet from the writhing lump of vegetation , hands outstretched as he tried to quiet him . 
 `` easy , there . '' 
 keirran 's quiet , soothing voice drifted over the rocks . 
 `` calm down . 
 i 'm not going to hurt you . '' 
 the half-breed responded by howling and swiping at him with a claw-tipped hand . 
 keirran dodged easily . 
 i saw his eyes half close in concentration and felt a slow pulse of magic extend out from where he stood , turning the air thick , making me feel sluggish and sleepy . 
 the half-breed 's wild struggles slowed , then stilled , until a loud snore came from the vegetation lump . 
 keirran looked up almost guiltily as i joined him , staring at the tangle of vines , weeds , flowers and half-breed . 
 `` he was going to hurt himself , '' he murmured , stepping back as i knelt beside the unconscious form . 
 `` i figured this was the easiest way to calm him down . '' 
 `` no complaints here , '' i muttered , using my uninjured hand to peel back the tangle of vines . 
 a face emerged within the vegetation , an older , bearded face , with short tusks curling up from his jaw . 
 i slumped . 
 `` it 's not todd , '' i said , standing back up . 
 disappointment flickered , which surprised me . 
 what had i been expecting ? 
 todd 's last known location was louisiana . 
 there was no reason he would show up in new york . 
 kenzie leaned over my shoulder . 
 `` not todd , '' she agreed , blinking at the thick , bearded face , the blunt yellow teeth poking from his jaw . 
 `` what is he , then ? '' 
 `` half-troll , '' keirran supplied . 
 `` homeless , by the looks of it . 
 he probably made part of central park his territory . '' 
 i stared at the half-troll , annoyed that he was n't todd , and frowned . 
 `` so , what do we do with him ? '' 
 `` hold on , '' kenzie said , stepping around me . 
 kneeling down , she pushed aside weeds and vines , grunting in concentration , until she emerged with a small square item in her hand . 
 `` wallet , '' she said , waving it at us , before flipping it open and squinting at it . 
 `` shoot , it 's too dark to see anything . 
 anyone have a minilight ? '' 
 keirran gestured . 
 a small globe of heatless fire appeared overhead , making her jump . 
 `` oh , well , that 's handy , '' she said with a wry grin . 
 `` i bet you 're fun on camping trips . '' 
 the prince smiled faintly . 
 `` i can also open cans and make your drinks cold . '' 
 `` what does the license say ? '' 
 i asked , trying not to sound impatient . 
 `` who is this guy ? '' 
 kenzie peered at the card . 
 `` thomas bend , '' she read , holding the driver 's license underneath the pulsing faery light . 
 `` he 's from ... ohio . '' 
 we all stared at him . 
 `` then what the heck is he doing here ? '' 
 i muttered . 
 * * * `` oh , you 're back , darlings , '' leanansidhe said , sounding faintly resigned . 
 `` and what , may i ask , is that ? '' 
 `` we found him in the park , '' i said , as thomas the half-troll stumbled in behind us , shedding mud and leaves and gaping at his surroundings . 
 after he 'd woken up , he 'd seemed to calm down , remaining passive and quiet when we spoke to him . 
 he 'd followed us here without complaint . 
 `` he 's not from new york . 
 we thought he might be one of yours . '' 
 `` not mine , darlings . '' 
 leanansidhe wrinkled her nose as the troll blinked at her , orange eyes huge and round . 
 `` and why did you feel the need to bring the creature here , pets ? 
 you could have asked him yourself and spared my poor carpets . '' 
 `` lady , '' whispered the half-troll , cringing back from the exile queen . 
 `` lady . 
 big dark . 
 lady . '' 
 `` that 's all he 'll say , '' kenzie said , looking worriedly back at the troll . 
 `` we tried talking to him . 
 he does n't remember anything . 
 i do n't even think he knows who he is . '' 
 `` he was being chased through central park by our ghostly friends , '' keirran added , sounding grim and protective . 
 he had n't let annwyl out of his sight the entire way back to leanansidhe 's , and now stood between her and leanansidhe , watching both the exile queen and the half-troll . 
 razor peeked down from the back of his neck , muttering nonsense . 
 `` we fought them off with goodfellow 's help , but we did n't see anyone else there . '' 
 `` goodfellow ? '' 
 the exile queen pulled a face . 
 `` ah , so that 's what grimalkin was talking about , devious creature . 
 where is our darling puck now ? '' 
 `` he went back to the seelie court to warn oberon . '' 
 `` well , that is something , at least . '' 
 leanansidhe regarded the half-breed with cool disinterest . 
 `` and what of the park locals , darlings ? '' 
 she asked without looking up . 
 `` did they mention anything about ladies and dark places ? '' 
 `` there were n't any others , '' i told her , and she did look at me then , raising her eyebrows in surprise . 
 `` he 's the only one we could find . '' 
 `` the park is a dead zone , '' annwyl said . 
 i could see she was shivering . 
 `` they 're all gone . 
 no one is left . 
 just those horrible glamour-eaters . 
 i think ... i think they killed them all . '' 
 glamour-eaters . 
 the term was catching on , though that was a good name for them . 
 they could n't hurt me or kenzie that way , because we had no magic . 
 and keirran was the son of the iron queen ; his glamour was poison to them . 
 but everyone else , including annwyl , the exiles and the rest of summer and winter , were at risk . 
 i suddenly wondered what they could do to half-breeds . 
 maybe they could n't make them disappear like the regular fey ; maybe a half-breed 's human side prevented them from ceasing to exist . 
 but what would draining their magic do to them ? 
 i looked at thomas , standing forlornly in the center of the room , eyes empty of reason , and felt my skin crawl . 
 leanansidhe must 've been thinking the same thing . 
 `` this , '' she said , her voice cold and scary , `` is unacceptable . 
 darlings ... '' she turned to us . 
 `` you need to go back , pets . 
 right now . 
 go back to the park and find what is doing this . 
 i will not stand by while my exiles and half-breeds are killed right out in the open . '' 
 `` go back ? '' 
 i frowned at her . 
 `` why ? 
 there 's nothing there . 
 the park is completely dead of fey . '' 
 `` ethan darling . '' 
 the exile queen regarded me with scary blue eyes . 
 `` you are not thinking , dove . 
 the half-breed you found - '' she glanced at thomas , now sitting in a dazed lump on the carpet '' - is not from new york . 
 he was obviously taken and brought to central park . 
 the park is empty , but so many half-breeds can not simply vanish into thin air . 
 and the normal fey are gone . 
 where did they all go , pet ? 
 they certainly did n't come to me , and as far as i know , no one has seen them in the mortal world . '' 
 i did n't know what she was getting at , but kenzie spoke up , as if she 'd just figured it out . 
 `` something is there , '' she guessed . 
 `` something is in the park . '' 
 leanansidhe smiled at her . 
 `` i knew i liked you for a reason , darling . '' 
 `` the glamour-eaters might have a lair in central park , '' keirran added , nodding grimly . 
 `` that 's why there are no fey there anymore . 
 but where could they be ? 
 you 'd think such a large population of exiles and half-breeds would notice a group of strange faeries wandering around . '' 
 `` i do n't know , darlings , '' leanansidhe said , pulling her cigarette flute out of thin air . 
 `` but i think this is something you should find out . 
 sooner , rather than later . '' 
 `` why do n't you come with us ? '' 
 keirran asked . 
 `` you have n't been banished from the mortal realm , leanansidhe . 
 you could see what 's going on yourself . '' 
 leanansidhe looked at him as if he 'd just said the sky was green . 
 `` me , darling ? 
 i would , but i 'm afraid the goblin market rabble would make quite the mess while i 'm gone . 
 sadly , i can not go traipsing across the country whenever i please , pet-i have obligations here that make that impossible . '' 
 she glanced at me and wrinkled her nose . 
 `` ethan , darling , you 're dripping blood all over my clean carpets . 
 someone should take care of that . '' 
 she snapped her fingers , and a pair of gnomes padded up , beckoning to me . 
 i tensed , reminded of the piranha-palmed creatures , but i also knew many gnomes were healers among the fey . 
 i let myself be taken to another room and , while the gnomes fussed over my arm , considered our next course of action . 
 return to the park , leanansidhe had said . 
 return to the place where a bunch of creepy , transparent , glamour-sucking faeries waited for us , maybe a whole nest of them . 
 kenzie was right ; something was there , lurking in that park , unseen and unknown to fey and human alike . 
 the lady , thomas had mumbled . 
 the lady and the big dark . 
 what the heck did he mean by that ? 
 the door creaked open , and kenzie came into the room , dodging the gnome who padded out with a bloody rag . 
 `` leanansidhe is keeping thomas here for now , '' she said , perching on the stool beside mine . 
 `` she wants to see if he 'll regain any of his memory , see if he can remember what happened to him . 
 how 's your arm ? '' 
 i held it up , drawing an annoyed reprimand from the gnome . 
 they 'd put some sort of smelly salve over the wound and wrapped it tightly with bandages so it no longer hurt ; it was just numb . 
 `` i 'll live . '' 
 `` yes , you will , '' muttered the gnome with a warning glower at me . 
 `` though you 're lucky it did n't get your hand-you might 've lost a few fingers . 
 do n't pick at the bandages , mr. chase . '' 
 gathering the supplies , it gave me a last glare and padded off with its partner , letting the door swing shut behind them . 
 kenzie reached over and gently wrapped her hand around mine . 
 i stared at our entwined fingers , dark thoughts bouncing around in my head . 
 this was getting dangerous . 
 no , forget that , this was already dangerous , more than ever . 
 people were dying , vanishing from existence . 
 a deadly new breed of fey was on the rise , killing their victims by draining their glamour , their very essence . 
 half-breeds were disappearing , right off the streets , from their homes and schools . 
 and there was something else . 
 something dark and sinister , hidden somewhere in that park , waiting . 
 the big dark . 
 the lady . 
 i felt lost , overwhelmed . 
 as if i was a tiny speck of driftwood , bobbing in a huge ocean , waiting for something to swallow me whole . 
 i was n't ready for this . 
 i did n't want to get pulled into this faery madness . 
 what did they want from me ? 
 i was n't my sister , half-fey and powerful , with the infamous robin goodfellow and the son of mab at my side . 
 i was only human , one human against a whole race of savage , dangerous faeries . 
 and , as usual , i was going to put even more people in harm 's way . 
 kenzie ran her fingers over my skin , sending tingles up my arm . 
 `` i do n't suppose there 's any way i could convince you to stay behind , '' i murmured , already knowing the answer . 
 `` nope , '' said kenzie with forced cheerfulness . 
 i looked up , and she gave me a fierce smile . 
 `` do n't even think about it , ethan . 
 you 'll need someone to watch your back . 
 make sure you do n't get chomped by any more nasty faeries with sharp teeth . 
 i did n't gain the sight just to sit back and do nothing . '' 
 i sighed . 
 `` i know . 
 but i do n't have anything to protect you with anymore . 
 or me , for that matter . '' 
 gingerly , i clenched my fist , wincing at the needles of pain that shot up my arm . 
 `` if we 're going to go look for this nest , i do n't want a stick . 
 it 's not enough . 
 i want my knife or something sharp between me and those faeries . 
 i ca n't hold back with them any longer . '' 
 cold dread suddenly gripped me . 
 this was n't a perverse game ; me playing keep-away with a redcap motley in the library , or trying to avoid getting beaten up by kingston 's thugs . 
 these fey , whatever they were , were savage and twisted killers . 
 there would be no reasoning with them , no pleas for favors or bargains . 
 it was kill or be torn to shreds myself . 
 i think i shivered , for kenzie inched closer and leaned into me , resting her head on my shoulder . 
 `` we need a plan , '' she said calmly . 
 `` a strategy of some sort . 
 i do n't like the idea of rushing back with no clue of where to go . 
 if we knew where this lair was ... '' she paused , as i closed my eyes and soaked in her warmth . 
 `` i wish i had a computer , '' she said . 
 `` then i could at least research central park , try to figure out what this ` big dark ' is . 
 i do n't suppose leanansidhe has any laptops lying around ? '' 
 `` not a chance , '' i muttered . 
 `` and my phone is dead . 
 i checked back in the real world . '' 
 `` me , too . '' 
 she sighed and tapped her finger against my knee in thought . 
 `` could we ... maybe ... go home ? '' 
 she asked in a hesitant voice . 
 `` not to stay , '' she added quickly . 
 `` i could check some things online , and you could grab your weapons or whatever it is you 'll need . 
 our folks would n't have to know . '' 
 she snorted , and a bitter edge crept into her voice . 
 `` my dad might not even realize i 've been gone . '' 
 i thought about it . 
 `` i do n't know , '' i admitted at last . 
 `` i do n't like the idea of going home and having those things follow me . 
 or waiting for me . 
 and i do n't want to drag your family into it , either . '' 
 `` we 're going to have to do something , ethan . '' 
 kenzie 's voice was soft , and her fingers very gently brushed the bandage on my wrist . 
 `` we 're in way over our heads-we need all the help we can get . '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 frustration rose up , and i resisted the urge to lash out , to snarl at something . 
 right now , the only someone around was kenzie , and i was n't going to take out my fear and anger on her . 
 i wished there was someone i could go to , some grown-up who would understand . 
 i 'd never wanted to be the one everyone looked to for direction . 
 keirran was n't here ; this was my call . 
 how had it all come to rest on me ? 
 wait . 
 maybe there was someone i could ask . 
 i remembered his face in the locker room , the way he 'd looked around as if he knew something was there . 
 i remembered his words . 
 if you need help , ethan , all you have to do is ask . 
 if you 're in trouble , you can come to me . 
 for anything , no matter how small or crazy it might seem . 
 remember that . 
 guro . 
 guro might be the only one who would understand . 
 he believed in the invisible things , the creatures you could n't see with the nak * d eye . 
 that 's what he 'd been trying to tell me in the locker room . 
 his grandfather was a mang-huhula , a spiritual leader . 
 spirits to faeries was n't that big of a leap , right ? 
 of course , i might be reading too much into it . 
 he might think that i 'd finally gone off the deep end and call the people in the white coats . 
 `` what are you brooding over ? '' 
 kenzie murmured , her breath soft on my cheek . 
 i squeezed her hand and stood , pulling her up with me . 
 `` i think , '' i began , hoping the others would be okay with a detour , `` that i 'm going to have to ask leanansidhe for one last favor . '' 
 * * * she was n't entirely happy with the idea of us running off to louisiana again . 
 `` how will i know you wo n't just decide to go home , darlings ? '' 
 the dark muse said , giving me a piercing stare . 
 `` you might see your old neighborhood , get homesick , return to your families , and leave me high and dry . 
 that would n't work out for me , pets . '' 
 `` i 'm not running away , '' i said , crossing my arms . 
 `` i 'm not going to lead those things right to my home . 
 besides , they might already be hanging around my neighborhood , looking for me . 
 i 'm coming back . 
 i swear , i 'm not backing out until this is finished , one way or another . '' 
 leanansidhe raised a slender eyebrow , and i realized i 'd just invoked one of the sacred vows of faery . 
 damn . 
 well , i was in it for the long haul , now . 
 not that i could n't have broken my promise if i wanted to ; i was human and not bound by their complex word games , but making an oath like that , in front of a faery queen no less , meant i 'd better carry it out or unpleasant things might happen . 
 the fey took such vows seriously . 
 `` very well , darling . '' 
 leanansidhe sighed . 
 `` i still do not see the point of this ridiculous side quest , but do what you must . 
 since grimalkin is no longer around , i will have to find someone else to take you home . 
 when did you want to leave ? '' 
 `` as soon as keirran joins us . '' 
 `` i 'm here , '' came a quiet voice from the hallway , and the iron prince came into the room . 
 he looked tired , more solemn than usual , with shadows crouched under his eyes that had n't been there before . 
 annwyl was not with him . 
 `` where are we going ? '' 
 he asked , looking from me to kenzie and back again . 
 `` back to the park already ? '' 
 `` not yet . '' 
 i held up my single rattan stick . 
 `` if we 're going to be walking into this lady 's lair or nest or whatever , i 'm going to need a better weapon . 
 i think i can convince my kali master to lend me one of his . 
 he has a whole collection of knives and short swords . '' 
 and i want to talk to guro one more time , let him know what 's going on , that i did n't just drop out . 
 i owe him that much , at least . 
 and maybe he can tell my folks i 'm all right . 
 for now , anyway . 
 keirran nodded . 
 `` fair enough , '' he said . 
 `` where 's annwyl ? '' 
 asked kenzie . 
 `` is she okay ? '' 
 `` she 's fine . 
 the fight-the glamour-eaters-it took more out of her than we first realized . 
 she 's sleeping right now . 
 razor is with her-he 'll come to me when she wakes up . '' 
 `` do you want to wait for her ? '' 
 kenzie asked . 
 `` we do n't mind , if you wanted to let her sleep a bit . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 keirran shook his head . 
 `` i 'm ready . 
 let 's go . '' 
 i watched him , the way he looked back nervously , as if he was afraid annwyl could come through the door at any moment . 
 `` she does n't know we 're leaving , '' i guessed , narrowing my eyes . 
 `` you 're taking off without her . '' 
 keirran raked a guilty hand through his bangs . 
 `` you saw what they did to her , '' he said grimly . 
 `` out of all of us , she 's the one in the most danger . 
 i ca n't take that risk again . 
 she 'll be safer here . '' 
 kenzie shook her head . 
 `` so you 're just leaving her behind ? 
 she 's going to be pissed . '' 
 putting her hands on her hips , she glared at him , and he would n't meet her eyes . 
 `` i know i 'd kick your ass if you pulled that stunt with me . 
 honestly , why do boys always think they know what 's best for us ? 
 why ca n't they just talk ? '' 
 `` i 've often wondered the same , darling , '' leanansidhe sighed . 
 `` it 's one of the mysteries of the universe , trust me . 
 but i need an answer , pets , so i know whether or not to call a guide . 
 are you three going to wait for the summer girl , or are you going on without her ? '' 
 i looked at keirran , questioning . 
 he hesitated , looking back toward the door , eyes haunted . 
 i saw the indecision on his face , before he shook his head and turned away . 
 `` no , '' he said , ignoring kenzie 's annoyed huff . 
 `` i want her to be safe . 
 i 'd rather have her angry at me than lose her to those monsters . 
 let 's go . '' 
 * * * it took most of the night . 
 leanansidhe 's piskie guide knew of only one trod to my hometown ; guro 's house was still clear across town where we came out , and we had to call a taxi to take us the rest of the way . 
 during the half-hour cab ride , kenzie dozed off against my shoulder , drawing a knowing smile from both keirran and the driver . 
 i did n't mind the journey , though i did find myself thinking that i wished grimalkin was here-he would have found us a quicker , easier way to guro 's house-before i caught myself . 
 whoa , when did you start relying on the fey , ethan ? 
 that ca n't happen , not now , not ever . 
 careful not to disturb kenzie , i crossed my arms and stared out the window , watching the streetlamps flash by . 
 and i tried to convince myself that i still wanted nothing to do with faery . 
 as soon as this business with the glamour-eaters was done , so was i. somehow , i knew it was n't going to be that simple . 
 the taxi finally pulled up to guro 's house in the early hours of the morning . 
 i paid the driver with the last of my cash , then gazed up the driveway to the neat brick house sitting up top . 
 hope guro is an early riser . 
 i knocked on the front door , and immediately a dog started barking from within , making me wince . 
 several seconds later , the door opened , and guro 's face stared at me through the screen . 
 a big yellow lab peered out from behind his legs , wagging its tail . 
 `` ethan ? '' 
 `` hey , guro . '' 
 i gave an embarrassed smile . 
 `` sorry it 's so early . 
 hope i did n't wake you up . '' 
 before i could even ask to come in , the screen door swung open and guro beckoned us inside . 
 `` come in , '' he said in a firm voice that set my heart racing . 
 `` quickly , before anyone sees you . '' 
 we crowded through the door . 
 the interior of his home looked pretty normal , though i do n't know what i was expecting . 
 mats on the floor and knives on the walls , maybe ? 
 we followed him through the kitchen into the living room , where an older , scruffy-looking dog gave us a bored look from the sofa and did n't bother to get up . 
 `` sit , please . '' 
 guro turned to me , gesturing to the couch , and we all carefully perched on the edge . 
 kenzie sat next to the old dog and immediately started scratching his neck . 
 guro watched her a moment , then his dark gaze shifted back to me . 
 `` have you been home yet ? '' 
 `` i. . . '' 
 startled by his question , i shook my head . 
 `` no , guro . 
 how did you - '' `` the news , ethan . 
 you 've been on the news . '' 
 i jerked . 
 kenzie looked up at him with a small gasp . 
 guro nodded grimly . 
 `` you , the girl and another boy , '' he went on , as a sick feeling settled in my stomach . 
 `` all vanished within a day of each other . 
 the police have been searching for days . 
 i do n't know you - '' he nodded at keirran '' - but i can only assume you 're a part in this , whatever it is . '' 
 keirran bowed his head respectfully . 
 `` i 'm just a friend , '' he said . 
 `` i 'm only here to help ethan and kenzie . 
 pay no attention to me . '' 
 guro looked at him strangely . 
 his eyes darkened , and for a second , i almost thought he could see through the glamour , through the veil and keirran 's human disguise , to the faery beneath . 
 `` who was that at the door , dear ? '' 
 a woman came into the room , dark-haired and dark-eyed , blinking at us in shock . 
 a little girl of maybe six stared at us from her arms . 
 `` these ... '' she gasped , one hand going to her mouth . 
 `` are n't these the children that were on tv ? 
 should n't we call the police ? '' 
 i gave guro a pleading , desperate look , and he sighed . 
 `` maria . '' 
 he smiled and walked over to his wife . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 would you be able to entertain our guests for a moment ? 
 i need to speak to my student alone . '' 
 she looked at him sharply , and he took her hand . 
 `` i 'll explain everything later . '' 
 the woman glanced from guro to us and back again , before she nodded stiffly . 
 `` of course , '' she said in a rigidly cheerful voice , as if she was trying to accept the whole bizarre situation . 
 i felt bad for her ; it was n't every day three strange kids landed on your doorstep , two of whom were wanted by the police . 
 but she smiled and held out a hand . 
 `` we can sit in the kitchen until your friend is done here . '' 
 kenzie and keirran looked at me . 
 i nodded , and they rose , following the woman into the hall . 
 i heard her asking if they wanted something to eat , if they 'd had breakfast yet . 
 both dogs hopped up and trailed kenzie as she left the room , and i was alone with my master . 
 guro approached and sat on the chair across from me . 
 he did n't ask questions . 
 he did n't demand to know where i 'd been , what i was doing . 
 he just waited . 
 i took a deep breath . 
 `` i 'm in trouble , guro . '' 
 `` that i figured , '' guro said in a quiet , non-accusing voice . 
 `` what 's happened ? 
 start from the beginning . '' 
 `` i 'm ... not even sure i can explain it . '' 
 i ran my hands through my hair , trying to gather my thoughts . 
 why had i come here ? 
 did i think guro would believe me if i started talking about invisible faeries ? 
 `` do you remember what you said in the locker room that night ? 
 about not trusting what your eyes tell you ? '' 
 i paused to see his reaction , but i did n't get much ; he just nodded for me to go on . 
 `` well ... something was after me . 
 something that no one else can see . 
 invisible things . '' 
 `` what type of invisible things ? '' 
 i hesitated , reluctant to use the word faery , knowing how crazy i already sounded . 
 `` some people call them the fair folk . 
 the gentry . 
 the good neighbors . '' 
 no reaction from guro , and i felt my heart sink . 
 `` i know it sounds insane , but i 've always been able to see them , since i was a little kid . 
 and they know i can see them , too . 
 they 've been after me all this time , and i do n't think i can run from them any longer . '' 
 guro was silent a moment . 
 then he said , very softly : `` does this have anything to do with what happened at the tournament ? '' 
 i looked up , a tiny spring of hope flaring in my chest . 
 guro did n't smile . 
 `` you were being chased , were n't you ? '' 
 he asked solemnly . 
 `` i saw you . 
 you and the girl both . 
 i saw you run out the back door , and i saw something strike you just as you went outside . '' 
 `` how - '' `` your blood was on the door frame . '' 
 guro 's voice was grave , and i heard the worry behind it . 
 `` that , if anything , told me what i saw was real . 
 i followed you out , but by the time i reached the back lot , you were both gone . '' 
 i held my breath . 
 `` my grandfather , the mang-huhula who trained me , he would often tell me stories of spirits , creatures invisible to the nak * d eye . 
 he said there is a whole unknown world that exists around us , side by side , and no one knows it is there . 
 except for a few . 
 a very rare few , who can see what no one else can . 
 and the spirits of this world can be helpful or harmful , friendly or wicked , but above all , those who see the invisible world are constantly trapped by it . 
 they will always walk between two lives , and they will have to find a way to balance them both . '' 
 `` do they ever succeed ? '' 
 i asked bitterly . 
 `` sometimes . '' 
 guro 's voice did n't change . 
 `` but they often have help . 
 if they can accept it . '' 
 i chewed my lip , trying to put my thoughts into words . 
 `` i do n't know what to do , guro , '' i said at last . 
 `` i 've been trying to stay away from all this-i did n't want to get involved . 
 but they 're threatening my friends and family now . 
 i 'm going to have to fight them , or they 'll never leave me alone . 
 i 'm just ... i 'm scared of what they 'll do to my family if i do n't do something . '' 
 guro did n't say anything for a moment . 
 then he stood and left the room for several minutes , while i sat on the couch and wondered if he was calling the police . 
 if my story was still too crazy for him to accept , despite his apparent belief in `` the invisible world . '' 
 i was wondering if i should get kenzie and keirran and just leave , when he reappeared holding a flat wooden box . 
 setting it reverently on the coffee table between us , he looked at me with a serious expression . 
 `` remember when i told you i do not teach kali for violence ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i nodded . 
 `` what do i teach it for ? '' 
 `` self-defense , '' i recited . 
 guro nodded at me to go on . 
 `` to ... pass on the culture . 
 to make sure the skills do n't fade away . '' 
 guro still waited . 
 my answers were correct , but i still was n't saying what he wanted . 
 `` and ? '' 
 i racked my brain for a few seconds , before i had it . 
 `` to protect your family , '' i said quietly . 
 `` to defend the ones you care about . '' 
 guro smiled . 
 bending forward , he flipped the latches on the case and pulled back the top . 
 i drew in a slow breath . 
 the swords lay there on the green felt , nestled in their leather sheaths . 
 the same blades i had used in the tournament . 
 guro 's gaze flickered to me . 
 `` these are yours , '' he explained . 
 `` i had them made a few years after you joined the class . 
 i had a feeling you might need them someday . '' 
 he smiled at my astonishment . 
 `` they have no history , not yet . 
 that will be up to you . 
 and someday , hopefully , you can pass them down to your son . '' 
 i unstrapped the swords and picked them up in a daze . 
 i could feel the balance , the lethal sharpness of the edges , and i gripped the hilts tightly . 
 rising , i gave them a practice twirl , hearing the faint hum of the blades cutting through the air . 
 they were still perfectly balanced , fitting into my hands like they 'd been waiting for me all along . 
 i could n't help but smile , seeing my reflection in the polished surface of the weapons . 
 okay , now i was ready to face whatever those glamour-sucking bastards could throw at me . 
 `` one more thing . '' 
 guro reached into the box and pulled out a small metal disk hanging from a leather thong . 
 a triangle was etched into the center of the disk , and between the lines was a strange symbol i did n't recognize . 
 `` for protection , '' guro said , holding it up . 
 `` this kept my grandfather safe , and his father before him . 
 it will protect you now , as well . '' 
 guro draped the charm around my neck . 
 it was surprisingly heavy , the metal clinking against my iron cross as i tucked it into my shirt . 
 `` thank you , '' i murmured . 
 `` whatever you have to face , ethan , you do n't have to do it alone . '' 
 embarrassed now , i looked down . 
 guro seemed to pick up on my unease , for he turned away , toward the hall . 
 `` come . 
 let 's see what your friends have gotten themselves into . '' 
 * * * keirran was in the kitchen , sitting at the counter with his elbows resting on the granite surface , a mug of something hot near his elbow . 
 the little girl sat next to him , scrawling on a sheet of paper with a crayon , and the half-faery-the prince of the iron realm-seemed wholly intrigued by it . 
 `` a. . . 
 lamia ? '' 
 he asked as i came up behind him , peering over his shoulder . 
 a squat , four-legged thing with two heads stood amid a plethora of crayon drawings , looking distinctly unrecognizable . 
 the kid frowned at him . 
 `` a pony , silly . '' 
 `` oh , of course . 
 silly me . 
 what else can you draw ? '' 
 `` hey , '' i muttered , as the little girl huffed and started scribbling again . 
 `` where 's kenzie ? '' 
 `` in the office , '' keirran replied , glancing up at me . 
 `` she asked if she could use the computer for a little while . 
 i think she 's researching the park . 
 you should go check on her . '' 
 i smirked . 
 `` you gon na be okay out here ? '' 
 `` there ! '' 
 announced the girl , straightening triumphantly . 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 keirran smiled and waved me off . 
 i left the kitchen , nodding politely to guro 's wife as i wandered down the hall , hearing keirran 's hopeless guesses of dragons and manticores fade behind me . 
 i found kenzie in a small office , sitting at a desk in the corner , the two dogs curled around her chair . 
 the younger lab raised his blocky head and thumped his tail , but kenzie and the older dog did n't move . 
 her eyes were glued to the computer screen , one hand on the mouse as it glided over the desk . 
 releasing it , she typed something quickly , slender fingers flying over the keys , before hitting enter . 
 the current screen vanished and another took its place . 
 the lab sat up and put his big head on her knee , looking up at her hopefully . 
 her gaze did n't stray from the computer screen , but she paused to scratch his ears . 
 he groaned and panted against her leg . 
 i eased into the room . 
 reaching into my shirt , i withdrew guro 's amulet , pulling it over my head . 
 stepping up behind kenzie , i draped it gently around her neck . 
 she jerked , startled . 
 `` ethan ? 
 jeez , i did n't hear you come in . 
 make some noise next time . '' 
 she glanced at the strange charm hanging in front of her . 
 `` what 's this ? '' 
 `` a protection amulet . 
 guro gave it to me , but i want you to have it . '' 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 i felt the weight of the swords at my waist . 
 `` i already have what i need . '' 
 looking past her to the computer screen , i leaned forward , bracing myself on the desk and chair . 
 `` what are you looking up ? '' 
 she turned back to the screen . 
 `` well , i wanted to see if there was a place in central park that might be the nest or something . 
 thomas said something about a ` big dark , ' so i wondered if maybe he meant the underground or something like that . 
 i did some digging - '' she scrolled the mouse over a link and clicked '' - and i found something very interesting . 
 look at this . '' 
 i peered at the screen . 
 `` there 's a cave ? 
 in central park ? '' 
 `` somewhere in the section called the ramble . '' 
 kenzie scrolled down the site . 
 `` not many people know about it , and it was sealed off a long time ago , but yeah ... there 's a cave in central park . '' 
 suddenly , both dogs raised their heads and growled , long and low . 
 kenzie and i tensed , but neither of them were looking at us . 
 at once , they bolted out of the room , barking madly , claws scrabbling over the floor . 
 in the kitchen , the little girl screamed . 
 we rushed into the room . 
 keirran was on his feet , standing in front of the girl , while guro 's wife shouted something over the racket of the barking dogs . 
 both animals were in front of the refrigerator , going nuts . 
 the younger lab was bouncing off the door as it barked and howled , trying to reach something on top . 
 a pair of electric green eyes glared down from the top of the freezer , and a spindly black form hissed at the two dogs below . 
 `` no ! 
 bad dogs ! 
 bad ! 
 go away ! '' 
 it buzzed , and keirran rushed forward . 
 `` razor ! 
 what are you doing here ? '' 
 `` master ! '' 
 the gremlin howled , waving his long arms hopelessly . 
 `` master help ! '' 
 i cringed . 
 this was the last thing i 'd wanted-to pull guro and his family into this craziness . 
 we had to get out of here before it went any further . 
 grabbing keirran 's arm , i yanked him toward the door . 
 `` we 're leaving , '' i snapped as he turned on me in surprise . 
 `` right now ! 
 tell your gremlin to follow us . 
 guro , '' i said as my instructor appeared in the door , frowning at the racket , `` i have to go . 
 thank you for everything , but we ca n't stay here any longer . '' 
 `` ethan ! '' 
 guro called as i pushed keirran toward the exit . 
 i looked back warily , hoping he would n't insist that we stay . 
 `` go home soon , do you hear me ? '' 
 guro said in a firm voice . 
 `` i wo n't alert the authorities , not yet . 
 but at least let your parents know that you 're all right . '' 
 `` i will , '' i promised and hurried outside with the others . 
 we rushed across the street , ducked between two houses , and came out in an abandoned lot choked with weeds . 
 a huge oak tree , its hanging branches draped in moss , loomed out of the fog , and we stopped beneath the ragged curtains . 
 `` where 's razor ? '' 
 kenzie asked , just as the gremlin scurried up and leaped onto keirran , jabbering frantically . 
 the iron prince winced as razor scrabbled all over him , buzzing and yanking at his shirt . 
 `` ouch ! 
 razor ! '' 
 keirran pried the gremlin away and held him at arm 's length . 
 `` what 's going on ? 
 i thought i told you to stay with annwyl . '' 
 `` razor did ! '' 
 the gremlin cried , pulling at his ears . 
 `` razor stayed ! 
 pretty elf girl did n't ! 
 pretty elf girl left , wanted to find master ! '' 
 `` annwyl ? '' 
 abruptly , keirran let him go . 
 razor blipped out of sight and appeared in the nearby tree , still chattering but making no sense now . 
 `` she left ? 
 where - ? '' 
 the gremlin buzzed frantically , flailing his arms , and keirran frowned . 
 `` razor , slow down . 
 i ca n't understand you . 
 where is she now ? '' 
 `` she is with the lady , little boy . '' 
 we spun . 
 a section of mist seemed to break off from the rest , gliding toward us , becoming substantial . 
 the cat-thing with the old woman 's face slid out of the fog , wrinkled lips pulled into an evil smile . 
 behind her , two more faeries appeared , the thin , bug-eyed things that had chased kenzie and me into the nevernever . 
 the screech of weapons being drawn shivered across the misty air . 
 the cat-thing hissed , baring yellow teeth . 
 `` strike me down , and the summer girl will die , '' she warned . 
 `` the iron monster speaks the truth . 
 we watched as she entered the real world again , looking for you . 
 we watched , and when she was away from the between , we took her . 
 she is with the lady now . 
 and if i perish , the summer faery will become a snack for the rest of my kin . 
 it 's up to you . '' 
 keirran went pale and lowered his weapon . 
 the faery smiled . 
 `` that 's right , boy . 
 remember me ? 
 i watched you , after you killed my sister with your foul poison glamour . 
 i saw you and your precious summer girl lead the humans to the exile queen . '' 
 she curled a withered lip . 
 `` pah ! 
 exile queen . 
 she is no more a true queen than that bloated slug titania , sitting on her throne , feeding on her ill-gotten fame . 
 our lady will destroy these silly notions of summer and winter courts . '' 
 `` i do n't care about titania , '' keirran said , stepping forward . 
 `` where 's annwyl ? 
 what have you done with her ? '' 
 the cat-faery smiled again . 
 `` for now , she is safe . 
 when we took her , our lady gave specific orders that she was not to be harmed . 
 how long she remains that way depends on you . '' 
 i saw keirran 's shoulders rise as he took a deep , steadying breath . 
 `` what do you want from us ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` from the mortals ? 
 nothing . '' 
 the cat-thing barely glanced and me and kenzie , giving a disdainful sniff . 
 `` they are human . 
 the boy may have the sight , but our lady is not interested in humans . 
 they are of no use to her . 
 she wants you , bright one . 
 she sensed your strange glamour while you were in the park , the magic of summer , winter and iron . 
 she has never felt anything like it before . '' 
 the faery bared her yellow fangs in a menacing smile . 
 `` come with us to meet the lady , and the summer girl will live . 
 otherwise , we will feed on her glamour , suck out her essence , and drain her memories until there is nothing left . '' 
 keirran 's arms shook as he clenched his fists . 
 `` do you promise ? '' 
 he said firmly . 
 `` do you promise not to harm her , if i come with you to see this lady ? '' 
 `` keirran ! '' 
 i snapped , stepping toward him . 
 `` do n't ! 
 what are you doing ? '' 
 he turned on me , a bright , desperate look in his eyes . 
 `` i have to , '' he whispered . 
 `` i have to do this , ethan . 
 you 'd do the same if it was kenzie . '' 
 dammit , i would , too . 
 and keirran would do anything for annwyl-he 'd proven that already . 
 but i could n't let him march happily off to his destruction . 
 even if he was part fey , he was still family . 
 `` you 're going to get yourself killed , '' i argued . 
 `` we do n't even know if they really took her . 
 they could be lying to get you to come with them . '' 
 `` lying ? '' 
 the cat-thing growled , sounding indignant and outraged . 
 `` we are fey . 
 mankind has forgotten us , the courts have abandoned us , but we are still as much a part of faery as summer and winter . 
 we do not lie . 
 and your summer girl will not survive the night if you do not come back with us , now . 
 that is a promise . 
 so , what will it be , boy ? '' 
 `` all right , '' keirran said , spinning back . 
 `` yes . 
 you have a deal . 
 i 'll come with you , if you swear not to harm my friends when we leave . 
 promise me that , at least . '' 
 the cat-faery sniffed . 
 `` as you wish . '' 
 `` keirran - '' he did n't look at me . 
 `` it 's up to you , now , '' he whispered , and sheathed his blade . 
 `` find us . 
 save everyone . '' 
 razor buzzed frantically and leaped from the tree , landing on keirran 's shoulder . 
 `` no ! '' 
 he howled , tugging on his collar , as if he could drag him away . 
 `` no leave , master ! 
 no ! '' 
 `` razor , stay with kenzie , '' keirran murmured , and the gremlin shook his head , huge ears flapping , garbling nonsense . 
 keirran 's voice hardened . 
 `` go , '' he ordered , and razor cringed back from the steely tone . 
 `` now ! '' 
 with a soft wail , the gremlin vanished . 
 reappearing on kenzie 's shoulder , he buried his face in her hair and howled . 
 keirran ignored him . 
 straightening his shoulders , he walked steadily toward the trio of glamour-eaters , until he was just a few feet away . 
 i noticed that the two thin faeries drifted a space away from him as he approached , as if afraid they would accidentally catch his deadly iron glamour . 
 `` let 's go , '' i heard him say . 
 `` i 'm sure the lady is waiting . '' 
 do something , i urged myself . 
 do n't just stand there and watch him leave . 
 i thought of rushing the glamour-eaters and slicing them all to nothingness , but if annwyl died because of it , keirran would never forgive me . 
 clenching my fists , i could only watch as the fey drew back , one of the thin faeries turning to slash the very mist behind them . 
 it parted like a curtain , revealing darkness beyond the hole . 
 darkness , and nothing else . 
 `` do not follow us , humans , '' the cat-faery hissed , and padded through the hole in the fog , tail twitching behind her . 
 the thin fey jerked their claws at keirran , and he stepped through the hole without looking back , fading into the darkness . 
 the two fey pointed at us silently , threateningly , then swiftly vanished after him . 
 the mist drew forward again , the tear in realities closed , and we were alone in the fog . 
 chapter twenty the forgotten great . 
 now what ? 
 i heard kenzie trying to calm razor down as i stared at the spot from which the glamour-eaters and the iron prince had vanished a moment before . 
 how were they able to create a trod right here ? 
 as i understood it , only the rulers of faery-oberon , mab , titania-or someone of equal power could create the paths into and out of the nevernever . 
 even the fey could n't just slip back and forth between worlds wherever they liked ; they had to find a trod . 
 unless someone of extreme power created that trod for them , knowing we 'd be here . 
 unless whatever lurked in central park could rival oberon or mab . 
 that was a scary thought . 
 kenzie finally managed to get razor to stop wailing . 
 he sat on her shoulder , ears drooping , looking miserable . 
 she sighed and turned to me . 
 `` where to now ? 
 how do we get to central park from here ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' i said , fighting down my frustration . 
 `` we have to find a trod , but i do n't know where any would be located . 
 i never kept track of the paths into faery . 
 and even if we find one , humans ca n't open it by themselves . '' 
 razor suddenly sniffed , raising his head . 
 `` razor knows , '' he chirped , blinking huge green eyes . 
 `` razor find trod , open trod . 
 trod to scary muse lady . 
 razor knows . '' 
 `` where ? '' 
 kenzie asked , pulling the gremlin off her shoulder , holding him in both hands . 
 `` razor , where ? '' 
 he buzzed and squirmed in her grip . 
 `` park , '' he said , and she frowned . 
 he pointed back at me . 
 `` park near funny boy 's house . 
 leads to scary lady 's home . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 i glared at him . 
 `` why is there a trod to leanansidhe 's so close to my house ? 
 was she sending her minions to spy on me , too ? '' 
 he yanked on his ears . 
 `` master asked ! '' 
 he wailed , flashing his teeth . 
 `` master asked scary lady to make trod . '' 
 i stared at him , my anger fading . 
 keirran . 
 keirran had had leanansidhe create a trod close to where i lived . 
 why ? 
 maybe he was curious . 
 maybe he wanted to see the other side of his family , the human side . 
 maybe he was hoping to meet us one day , but was afraid to reveal himself . 
 i 'd never seen him hanging around , but maybe he had been there , hidden and silent , watching us . 
 abruptly , i wondered if it had been lonely in the iron court , if he ever felt out of place , a half-human prince surrounded by fey . 
 another thought came to me , the memory of a gremlin peering in my bedroom window . 
 could it have been razor all along ? 
 had keirran been sending his pet to spy on me , since he could n't come himself ? 
 i 'd have to ask him about that , if we rescued him from the lady . 
 when we rescued him . 
 i would n't let myself think that we might not . 
 `` i know that park , '' i told kenzie , as razor scrambled to her shoulder again . 
 `` let 's go . '' 
 * * * another cab ride-kenzie paid for it this time , since i was out of cash-and we were soon standing in a familiar neighborhood at the edge of the little park where i 'd spoken to the dryad . 
 it seemed like such a long time ago now . 
 the sun had burned away the last of the mist , and people were beginning to stir inside their homes . 
 i gazed toward the end of the street . 
 just a few blocks away stood my house , where mom would be getting ready for work and dad would still be asleep . 
 so close . 
 were they thinking of me now ? 
 did they worry ? 
 `` ethan . '' 
 kenzie touched my elbow . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 `` yeah , '' i muttered , turning away from the direction of my house . 
 i could n't think of home , not yet . 
 `` sorry , i 'm fine . 
 tell your gremlin to show us the trod . '' 
 razor buzzed indignantly but hopped off kenzie 's shoulder and scampered to the old playground slide . 
 leaping to the railing , he jabbered and pointed frantically to the space beneath the steps . 
 `` trod here ! '' 
 he squeaked , looking at kenzie for approval . 
 `` trod to scary lady 's house here ! 
 razor did good ? '' 
 as kenzie assured him that he did fine , i shook my head , still amazed that a trod to the infamous exile queen had been this close . 
 but we could n't waste any time . 
 todd , annwyl and now keirran were out there , with the lady , and every second was costly . 
 taking kenzie 's hand , we ducked beneath the slide and into the between once more . 
 the trod did n't dump us into leanansidhe 's basement this time . 
 rather , as we left the cold whiteness between worlds , we appeared in a closet that led to an empty bedroom . 
 i felt a moment of dizziness as we stepped through the frame , and wondered if all this frequent trod jumping was hazardous to our health . 
 the room we entered was simple : a rumpled bed , a nightstand , a desk in the corner . 
 all in shades of white or gray . 
 the only thing of color in the room was a vase of wildflowers on the corner of the desk , annwyl 's handiwork , probably . 
 razor buzzed sadly as we came in , and his ears wilted . 
 `` master 's room , '' he sniffled . 
 kenzie reached up and patted his head . 
 voices and music drifted down the hallway as i opened the door . 
 not singing ; just soft notes played at random , barely muffling a conversation . 
 as we ventured down the corridor , the voices and notes grew stronger , until we came to a pair of double doors leading to a red-carpeted music room . 
 an enormous piano sat in the center of the room , surrounded by various instruments on the walls and floor , many vibrating softly . 
 a harp sat in a corner , the strings humming , though there was no one to play it . 
 a lute plinked a quiet tune on the far wall , and a tambourine answered it , jingling softly . 
 for a moment , it made me think that the instruments were talking to each other , as if they were sentient and alive , which was more than a little disturbing . 
 then leanansidhe glanced up from a sofa , and grimalkin turned to stare at us with big golden eyes . 
 `` ethan , darling , there you are ! '' 
 the exile queen rose in a fluttering of fabric and blue smoke , beckoning us into the room with her cigarette flute . 
 `` you 've arrived just in time , pet . 
 grimalkin and i were just talking about you . '' 
 she blinked as kenzie and i stepped through the door , then looked down the empty hallway . 
 `` um , where is the prince , darlings ? '' 
 `` they have him , '' i said , and leanansidhe 's lips thinned dangerously . 
 `` they met us outside guro 's house and wanted keirran to come back with them to see the lady . '' 
 `` and you did n't stop him , pet ? '' 
 `` i could n't . 
 the glamour-eaters kidnapped annwyl and threatened to kill her if keirran did n't do what they said . '' 
 `` i see . '' 
 leanansidhe sighed , and a smoke hound went loping away over our heads . 
 `` i knew taking in that girl was a mistake . 
 well , this puts a rather large damper on our plans , does n't it , darling ? 
 how do you intend to fix this little mess ? 
 i suggest you get started soon , before the iron queen hears that her darling son has gone missing . 
 that would n't bode well for either of us , would it , dove ? '' 
 `` i 'll find him , '' i said , clenching my fist around a sword hilt . 
 `` we know where they are now . '' 
 `` oh ? '' 
 the exile queen raised an eyebrow . 
 `` do share , darling . '' 
 `` the glamour-eaters said something about the between . '' 
 i watched as leanansidhe 's other eyebrow arched in surprise . 
 `` maybe you are n't the only one who knows how to build a lair in the space between faery and the mortal realm . 
 if you can do it , others should be able to as well , right ? '' 
 `` technically , yes , darling . '' 
 leanansidhe 's voice was stiff ; obviously she did n't like the idea that she was n't the only one to think of it . 
 `` but the between is a very thin plane of existence , a curtain overlapping both realms you might say . 
 for anything to survive here , it must have an anchor in the real world . 
 otherwise , a person could wander the between forever . '' 
 `` there 's a cave in central park , '' kenzie broke in , stepping up beside me . 
 `` it 's a small cave , and it 's been sealed off for years , but i bet that is n't a problem for faeries , right ? 
 if it exists in the real world , it could be an entrance to the between . '' 
 `` well done , pet . 
 that could very well be your entrance . '' 
 the exile queen gave kenzie an approving smile . 
 `` of course , space is n't a problem here , as you might have noticed . 
 that ` small cave ' in the real world could be a huge cavern in the between , or a tunnel system that runs for miles . '' 
 a huge hidden world , right under central park . 
 talk about eerie . 
 `` that 's where we 're going , then , '' i said . 
 `` keirran , annwyl and todd must be down there somewhere . '' 
 i turned to the girl . 
 `` kenzie , let 's go . 
 the longer we stand around here , the harder it will be to find them . '' 
 on the piano bench , grimalkin yawned and sat up . 
 `` before you go rushing off into the unknown , '' he mused , regarding us lazily , `` perhaps you would like to know what you are up against . '' 
 `` i know what we 're up against , cat . '' 
 `` oh ? 
 the intelligent strategist always learns as much as he can about his opposition . '' 
 grimalkin sniffed and examined a paw , giving it a lick . 
 `` but of course , if you wish to go charging off without a plan , send my regards to the iron prince when you are inevitably discovered . '' 
 `` grimalkin and i have been discussing where these glamour-eaters could have come from , '' leanansidhe said as i glared at the cat . 
 he scratched behind an ear and ignored me . 
 `` they are not iron fey , for they still have our deathly allergies to iron and technology . 
 so it stands to reason that , at one point , they were just like us . 
 yet i have not been able to recognize a one of them , have you , darling ? '' 
 `` no , '' i said . 
 `` i 've never seen them before . '' 
 `` precisely . '' 
 grimalkin stood , and leaped from the bench to the sofa , regarding us coolly . 
 he blinked once , then sat down , curling his tail around his feet as he got comfortable . 
 after a moment , he spoke , his voice low and solemn . 
 `` do you know what happens to fey whom no one remembers anymore , human ? '' 
 fey whom no one remembers anymore ? 
 i shook my head . 
 `` no . 
 should i ? '' 
 `` they disappear , '' grimalkin continued , ignoring my question . 
 `` one would say , they ` fade ' from existence , much as the exiles do when banished to the mortal realm . 
 not just individual fey , however . 
 entire races can disappear and vanish into oblivion , because no one tells their stories , no one remembers their names , or what they looked like . 
 there are rumors of a place , in the darkest reaches of the nevernever , where these fey go to die , gradually slipping from existence , until they are simply not there anymore . 
 faded . 
 unremembered . 
 forgotten . '' 
 a chill slithered up my back . 
 `` we are forgotten , '' the creepy faery had hissed to me , so long ago it seemed . 
 `` no one remembers our names , that we ever existed . '' 
 `` okay , great . 
 we know what they are , '' i said . 
 `` that does n't really explain why they 're sucking the glamour from normal fey and half-breeds . '' 
 grimalkin yawned . 
 `` of course it does , human , '' he stated , as if it were obvious . 
 `` because they have none of their own . 
 glamour-the dreams and imagination of mortals-is what keeps us alive . 
 even half-breeds have a bit of magic inside them . 
 but these creatures have been forgotten for so long , the only way for them to exist in the real world is to steal it from others . 
 but it is only temporary . 
 to truly exist , to live without fear , they need to be remembered again . 
 otherwise they are in danger of fading away once more . '' 
 `` but ... '' kenzie frowned , while razor mumbled a halfhearted `` bad kitty '' from her shoulder , `` how can they be remembered , when no one knows what they are ? '' 
 `` that , '' grimalkin said , as i tried to wrap my brain around all of this , `` is a very good question . '' 
 `` it does n't matter . '' 
 i shook myself and turned to leanansidhe , who raised an eyebrow and puffed her cigarette flute . 
 `` i 'm going back for keirran , todd and the others , no matter what these things are . 
 we need the trod to central park right now . '' 
 her eyes narrowed at my demanding tone , but i did n't back down . 
 `` we have to hurry . 
 keirran might not have a lot of time . '' 
 grimalkin slid from the sofa , sauntering past us with his tail in the air . 
 `` this way , humans , '' he mused , ignoring razor , who hissed and spat at him from kenzie 's shoulder . 
 `` i will take you to central park . 
 again . '' 
 `` are you coming with us this time ? '' 
 kenzie asked , and the cat snorted . 
 `` i am not a tour guide , human , '' he said , peering over his shoulder . 
 `` i shall be returning to the nevernever shortly , and the trod you wish to use happens to be on my way . 
 i will not be tromping about central park with a legion of creatures bent on sucking away glamour . 
 you will have to do your floundering without me . '' 
 `` yeah , that just breaks my heart , '' i returned . 
 grimalkin pretended not to hear . 
 with a flick of his tail , he turned and trotted out of the room with his head held high . 
 leanansidhe gave me an amused look . 
 `` bit of advice , darling , '' she said as we started to leave . 
 `` unless you want to find yourselves in a dragon 's lair or on the wrong end of a witch 's bargain , it 's never a good idea to annoy the cat . '' 
 `` right , '' i muttered . 
 `` i 'll try to remember that when we 're not fighting for our lives . '' 
 `` bad kitty , '' razor agreed , as we hurried to catch up with grimalkin . 
 chapter twenty-one the big dark one more time , we stepped through the trod into central park , feeling the familiar tingle as we passed through the barrier . 
 it was night now , and the streetlamps glimmered along the paths , though it was n't very dark . 
 the lights from the surrounding city lit up the sky , glowing with an artificial haze and making it impossible to see the stars . 
 i looked at kenzie . 
 `` where to now ? '' 
 `` um . '' 
 she looked around , narrowing her eyes . 
 `` the ramble is south of belvedere castle , where we found thomas , so ... this way , i think . '' 
 we started off , passing familiar trails and landmarks , though everything looked strange at night . 
 we passed belvedere castle and continued walking , until the land around us grew heavily wooded , with only small , winding trails taking us through the trees . 
 `` where is this cave ? '' 
 i asked , keeping my eyes trained on the forest , looking for ghostly shimmers of things moving through the darkness . 
 `` i could n't find any pictures , but i did find an article that said it 's near a small inlet on the west side of the lake , '' was the answer . 
 `` really , it 's just a very small cave . 
 more of a grotto , actually . '' 
 `` best lead we 've got right now , '' i replied . 
 `` and you heard what leanansidhe said . 
 if these forgotten things have a lair in the between , size does n't matter . 
 they just need an entrance in from the real world . '' 
 kenzie was silent a few minutes , before murmuring , `` do you think keirran is okay ? '' 
 man , i hope so . 
 what would meghan do if something happened to him ? 
 what would ash do ? 
 that was a scary thought . 
 `` i 'm sure he 'll be fine , '' i told kenzie , willing myself to believe it . 
 `` they ca n't drain his glamour without poisoning themselves , and they would n't have gone through all the trouble of kidnapping annwyl if they wanted him dead . '' 
 `` maybe they want him as a hostage , '' kenzie went on , her brow furrowed thoughtfully . 
 `` to get the iron queen to do what they want . 
 or to do nothing when they finally make their move . '' 
 dammit , i had n't thought of that . 
 `` we 'll find him , '' i growled , clenching my fists . 
 `` all of them . '' 
 i was n't going to allow any more people to be dragged into this mess . 
 i was not going to have my entire family manipulated by these things . 
 if i had to look under every rock and bush in the entire park , i was n't leaving without keirran , annwyl or todd . 
 this was going to end tonight . 
 the paths through the ramble woods became even more twisted . 
 the trees grew closer together , shutting out the light , until we were walking through shadow and near darkness . 
 it was very quiet in this section of the park , the sounds of the city muffled by the trees , until you could almost imagine you were lost in this huge , sprawling forest hundreds of miles from everything . 
 `` ethan ? '' 
 kenzie murmured after a few minutes of silent walking . 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 `` do n't you ever get scared ? '' 
 i glanced at her to see if she was serious . 
 `` are you kidding ? '' 
 i asked , as her solemn brown eyes met mine . 
 `` you do n't think i 'm scared right now ? 
 that marching into a nest of bloodthirsty faeries is n't freaking me out just a little ? '' 
 she snorted , giving me a wry look . 
 `` you could 've fooled me , tough guy . '' 
 all right , i 'd give her that . 
 i 'd done the whole `` prickly bastard '' thing for so long , i did n't know what was real anymore . 
 `` truthfully ? '' 
 i sighed , looking ahead into the trees . 
 `` i 've been scared nearly my whole life . 
 but one of the first rules i learned was that you never show it . 
 otherwise , they 'll just torment you more . '' 
 with a bitter chuckle , i dropped my head . 
 `` sorry , you 're probably sick of hearing me whine about the fey . '' 
 kenzie did n't answer , but a moment later her hand slipped into mine . 
 i curled my fingers around hers , squeezing gently , as we ventured farther into the tangled darkness of the ramble . 
 razor suddenly let out a hiss on kenzie 's shoulder . 
 `` bad faeries coming , '' he buzzed , flattening his huge ears . 
 kenzie and i exchanged a worried glance , and my pulse started racing under my skin . 
 this was it . 
 the lair was close . 
 `` how many ? '' 
 kenzie whispered , and razor hissed again . 
 `` many . 
 coming quickly ! '' 
 i tugged her off the path . 
 `` hide ! '' 
 we ducked behind a tree just as a horde of forgotten sidled out of the woods , making no sound as they floated over a hill . 
 they were pointed , thin faeries , the ones that had threatened me and kenzie , the ones that had given me the scar on my shoulder . 
 they flowed around the trees like wraiths and continued on into the park , perhaps on the hunt for their normal kin . 
 kenzie and i huddled close to the tree trunk as the forgotten drifted past us like ghosts , unseeing . 
 i hugged her close , and her heart pounded against my chest , but none of the faeries looked our way . 
 maybe they did n't really notice us , maybe two humans in the park at night was n't cause for attention . 
 they were out hunting exiles and half-breeds , after all . 
 we were just another human couple , for all they knew . 
 i kept my head down and my body pressed close to kenzie , like we were making out , as the faeries drifted by without a second glance . 
 then razor hissed at a forgotten that passed uncomfortably close . 
 the thing stopped . 
 turned . 
 i felt its cold eyes settle on me . 
 `` ethan chase , '' it whispered . 
 `` i see you there . '' 
 damn . 
 well , here we go . 
 i leaped away from kenzie and drew my swords as the forgotten gave a piercing shriek and lunged , slashing at me with long , needlelike talons . 
 i met the blow with an upward strike , and the razor edge of my weapon cut through the fragile limb as if was a twig , shearing it off . 
 the forgotten howled as its arm dissolved into mist and lurched back , flailing wildly with the other . 
 i dodged the frantic blows , stepped close , and ripped my blade through the spindly body , cutting it in half . 
 the faery split apart , fraying into strands of fog and disappeared . 
 oh , yeah . 
 definitely better than wooden sticks . 
 a wailing sound jerked me to attention . 
 the horde of forgotten were coming back , black insect eyes blazing with fury , slit mouths open in alarm . 
 howling in their eerie voices , they glided through the trees , talons raised to tear me to shreds . 
 i gripped my swords and whirled to face them . 
 `` kenzie , stay back ! '' 
 i called , as the first faery reached me , ripping its claws at my face . 
 i smacked its arm away with one sword and slashed down with the other , cutting through the spindly neck . 
 two more came right through the dissolving faery , grabbing at me , and i dodged aside , letting them pass while whipping the sword at the back of their heads . 
 turning , i lashed out with the second blade , catching another rushing me from behind . 
 then the rest of the horde closed in and everything melted into chaos-screaming , slashing claws , whirling blades-until i was aware of nothing except my next opponent and the blades in my hands . 
 claws scored me , tearing through clothes , raking my skin , but i barely registered the pain . 
 i did n't know how many forgotten i destroyed ; i just reacted , and the air grew hazy with mist . 
 `` enough ! '' 
 the new voice rasped through the ranks of forgotten , and the faeries drew back , staring at me with blackest hate . 
 i stood there , panting , blood trickling down my arms from countless shallow cuts . 
 the old woman with the cat 's body stood a few yards away , flanked by more spindly forgotten , observing the carnage with cold , slitted eyes . 
 `` you again ? '' 
 she spat at me , baring jagged yellow fangs . 
 `` you are not supposed to be here , ethan chase . 
 we told you to stay out of our affairs . 
 how did you find this place ? '' 
 i pointed my sword at her . 
 `` i 'm here for my friends . 
 keirran , annwyl and todd . 
 let them go , right now . '' 
 she hissed a laugh . 
 `` you are in no position to give orders , boy . 
 you are just one human-there are far more of us than you think . 
 no , the lady will decide what to do with you . 
 with the son and brother of the iron queen , the courts will not dare strike against us . '' 
 my hands were shaking , but i gripped the handle of my swords and stepped closer , causing several forgotten to skitter back . 
 `` i 'm not leaving without my friends . 
 if i have to carve a path through each and every one of you to the lady herself , i 'm taking them out of here . '' 
 twirling my blades , i gave the cat-faery an evil smirk . 
 `` i wonder how resistant your lady is to iron weapons . '' 
 but the ancient forgotten simply smiled . 
 `` i would worry more about your own friends , boy . '' 
 a scream jerked my attention around . 
 there was a short scuffle , and two forgotten dragged kenzie out from behind a tree . 
 she snarled and kicked at them , but the spindly fey hissed and sank their claws into her arms , drawing blood . 
 gasping , she flinched , and one of them grabbed her hair , wrenching her head back . 
 i started forward , but the cat-lady bounded between us with a growl . 
 `` not another step , little human ! '' 
 she warned as i raised my weapons . 
 `` or we will slit her open from ear to ear . '' 
 one of the spindly fey raised a thin , pointed finger to kenzie 's throat , and i froze . 
 razor suddenly landed on the cat-faery 's head , hissing and baring his teeth . 
 `` bad kitty ! '' 
 he screeched , and the forgotten howled . 
 `` bad kitty ! 
 not hurt pretty girl ! '' 
 he beat the faery 's head with his fists , and the cat-thing roared . 
 reaching up , she yanked the gremlin from her neck and slammed him to the ground , crushing his small body between her bony fingers . 
 razor cried out , a shrill , painful wail , and the forgotten 's hand started to smoke . 
 with a screech , the cat-faery flung the gremlin away like he was on fire , shaking her fingers as if burned . 
 `` wretched , wretched iron fey ! '' 
 she gasped , as i stared at the place razor had fallen . 
 i could see his tiny body , crumbled beneath a bush , eyes glowing weakly . 
 before they flickered out . 
 no ! 
 i turned on the cat-faery , but she hissed an order , and the two forgotten holding kenzie forced her to her knees with a gasp . 
 `` i will give you one chance to surrender , human , '' the cat-thing growled , as the rest of the horde closed in , surrounding us . 
 `` throw away your horrid iron weapons now , or this girl 's blood will be on your hands . 
 the lady will decide what to do with you both . '' 
 i slumped , desperation and failure making my arms heavy . 
 dammit , i could n't save anyone . 
 keirran , todd , even razor . 
 i 'm sorry , everyone . 
 the cat-faery waited a moment longer , watching me with hateful eyes , before turning to the forgotten holding kenzie . 
 `` kill her , '' she ordered , and my heart lurched . 
 `` slit her throat . '' 
 `` no ! 
 you win , okay ? '' 
 shifting my blades to both hands , i hurled them away , into the trees . 
 they glinted for a brief second , catching the moonlight , before they fell into shadow and were lost from view . 
 `` a wise move , '' the cat-thing purred , and nodded to the faeries holding the girl . 
 they dragged her upright and shoved her forward , as the rest of the forgotten closed in . 
 she stumbled , and i caught her before she could fall . 
 her heart was racing , and i held her tight , feeling her tremble against me . 
 `` you all right ? '' 
 i whispered . 
 `` yeah , '' she replied , as the forgotten made a tight circle around us , hemming us in . 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 but if they touch me again , i 'm going to snap one of their stupid pointed legs off and stab them with it . '' 
 jokes again . 
 kenzie being brave because she was terrified . 
 as if i could n't see the too-bright gleam in her eyes , the way she looked back at the place where razor had fallen , crumpled and motionless . 
 i 'm sorry , i wanted to tell her . 
 this is my fault . 
 i never should have brought you here . 
 the circle of forgotten began to drift forward , poking us with bony talons , forcing us to move . 
 i looked back once , at the shadows that held the limp body of the gremlin , before being herded into the trees . 
 * * * the forgotten escorted us through the woods , down a winding path that looked much like every other trail in the ramble , and deeper into the forest . 
 we did n't walk far . 
 the narrow cement path led us through a dense gully of boulders and shrubs , until we came to a strange stone arch nestled between two high outcroppings . 
 the wall was made of rough stone blocks and was a good twenty or more feet high . 
 the narrow arch set in the middle was only five or six feet across , barely wide enough for two people to pass through side-by-side . 
 it was also guarded by another forgotten , a tall , skeletal creature that looked like a cross between a human and a vulture . 
 it squatted atop the wall , bristling with black feathers , and its head was a giant bird skull with blazing green eye sockets . 
 long talons were clasped to its chest , like a huge bird of prey 's , and even hunched over it was nearly ten feet tall . 
 kenzie shrank back with a gasp , and the cat-thing sneered at her . 
 `` do n't worry , girl , '' she said as we approached the arch without the giant bird creature noticing us . 
 `` he does n't bother humans . 
 only fey . 
 he can see the location of a single faery miles away . 
 now that the park is virtually empty , we 're going to have to hunt farther afield again . 
 the lady is growing stronger , but she still requires glamour . 
 we must accede to her wishes . '' 
 `` you do n't think the courts will catch on to what 's happening ? '' 
 i demanded , glaring at the forgotten who poked me in the back when i stopped to stare at the huge creature . 
 `` you do n't think they might notice the disappearance of so many fey ? '' 
 the cat-faery laughed . 
 `` they have n't so far , '' she cackled as we continued down the path , toward the arch and its monstrous guardian . 
 `` the summer and winter courts do n't care about the exiles on this side of the veil . 
 and a few scraggly half-breeds are certainly below their notice . 
 as long as we do n't bother the fey in the nevernever , they have no idea what is happening in the real world . 
 the only unknown factor is the new iron court and its half-human queen . '' 
 she smiled at me , showing yellow teeth . 
 `` but now , we have the bright one . 
 and you . '' 
 we 'd come to the opening in the wall , directly below the huge bird-creature perched overhead . 
 beyond the arch , i could see the path winding away , continuing between several large boulders and out of sight . 
 but as the first of the forgotten went through the arch , the air around them shimmered , and they disappeared . 
 i stopped , causing a couple of forgotten to hiss impatiently and prod me in the back , but i did n't move . 
 `` where does this go ? '' 
 i asked , though i sort of knew the answer . 
 the cat-faery gestured , and the forgotten crowded close , making sure we could n't back away . 
 `` your dark muse is n't the only one who can move through the between , little boy . 
 our lady knew about the spaces between the nevernever and the real world long before leanansidhe ever thought to take over the courts . 
 the cave here in the park is only the anchor-it exists in the same place , but we have fashioned it to our liking . 
 this is n't the only entrance , either . 
 we have dozens of tunnels running throughout the park , so we can appear anywhere , at any time . 
 the silly faeries that lived here did n't even know what was going on until it was too late . 
 but enough talking . 
 the lady is waiting . 
 move . '' 
 she gestured , and the fey behind us dug a long talon into my ribs . 
 i grunted in pain and went through the arch with kenzie behind me . 
 as the blackness cleared and my eyes adjusted to the darkness , i looked around in astonishment . 
 we were in a huge cavern , the ceiling spiraling up until i could just make out a tiny hazy circle directly overhead . 
 that was the real world , way up there , beyond our reach . 
 down here , it looked like an enormous ant or termite nest , with tunnels snaking off in every direction , ledges running along walls , and bridges spanning the gulfs between . 
 the walls and floor of the cave were spotted with thousands of glowing crystals , and they cast a pale , eerie luminance over the hundreds of forgotten that roamed the cavern . 
 except for the thin faeries and the dwarves with killer hands , i did n't recognize any of these fey . 
 the forgotten escorted us across the chamber , down a long , winding tunnel with fossils and bones poking out of the walls . 
 more passageways and corridors wound off in every direction , bleached skeletons staring at us from the stone : lizards , birds , giant insects . 
 i saw the fossil of what looked like a winged snake , coiled around a huge column , and wondered how much of the cave was real and how much was in the between . 
 we walked through a long , narrow tunnel , under the rib cage of some giant beast , and entered another cavern . 
 here , the floor was dotted with large holes , and above us , the ceiling glittered with thousands of tiny crystals , looking like the night sky . 
 a burly fey with an extra arm growing right out of his chest stood guard at the entrance , and eyed us critically as we approached . 
 `` eh ? 
 we 're bringing humans down here now ? '' 
 he peered at me with beady black eyes and curled a lip . 
 `` this one has the sight , but no more glamour than the rocks on the ground . 
 and the rest of the lot are all used up . 
 what do we need 'em for ? '' 
 `` that is not your concern , '' snapped the cat-faery , lashing her tail against her flanks . 
 `` you are not here to ask questions or attempt to be intelligent . 
 just make sure they do not escape . '' 
 the burly fey snorted . 
 turning away , it used its extra hand to snatch a long wooden ladder leaning against the wall , then dropped it down into a pit . 
 `` get down there , mortal . '' 
 a jab to the ribs prodded me forward . 
 i walked to the edge and peered down . 
 the ladder dropped away into black , and the sides of the hole were steep and smooth . 
 i stared hard into the darkness , but i could n't see the bottom . 
 afraid that if i stood there much longer i 'd get forcibly shoved into the black pit , i started down the ladder . 
 my footsteps echoed dully against the wood , and with every step , the darkness grew thicker , until i could barely see the rungs in front of me . 
 i hope there 's not something nasty down here , i thought , then immediately wished i had n't . 
 my shoes finally hit a sandy floor , and i backed carefully away from the ladder , as kenzie was coming down , as well . 
 as soon as she hit the bottom , the ladder zipped up the wall and vanished through the opening , leaving us in near blackness . 
 i gazed around , waiting for my eyes to adjust . 
 we stood in the center of a large chamber , the walls made of smooth , seamless stone . 
 no handholds , no cracks or ledges , just flat , even rock . 
 above us , i could barely make out the hazy gray circles that were the holes in the floor above . 
 the ground was covered in pale sand , with bits of garbage scattered here and there ; the wrapper of a granola bar or a chewed apple core . 
 something had been down here recently , by the looks of it . 
 and then , a shuffle in the corner of the room made my heart skip a beat . 
 my earlier thoughts were correct . 
 something was still down here with us . 
 lots of things . 
 and they were getting closer . 
 chapter twenty-two kenzie 's confession grabbing kenzie , i pulled her behind me , backing away as several bodies shuffled forward into the beam of hazy light . 
 humans . 
 all of them . 
 young and old , male and female . 
 the youngest was probably no more than thirteen , and the oldest had a gray beard down to his chest . 
 there were about two dozen of them , all ragged and filthy-looking , like they had n't bathed or eaten in a while . 
 staring at them , my nerves prickled . 
 there was something about this group that was just ... wrong . 
 sure , they were ragged and filthy and had probably been captives of the forgotten for a while now , but no one came forward to greet us or demand who we were . 
 their faces were blank , their features slack , and they gazed back with no emotion in their eyes , no spark of anger or fear or anything . 
 it was like staring into a herd of curious , passive sheep . 
 still , there were a lot of them , and i tensed , ready to fight if they attacked us . 
 but the humans , after a somewhat disappointed glance , like they were expecting us to be food , turned away and shuffled back into the darkness . 
 i took a step forward . 
 `` hey , wait ! '' 
 i called , the echo bouncing around the pit . 
 the humans did n't respond , and i raised my voice . 
 `` just a second ! 
 hold up ! '' 
 a few of them turned , regarding me without expression , but at least it was something . 
 `` i 'm looking for a friend of mine , '' i went on , gazing past their ragged forms , trying to peer into the shadows . 
 `` his name is todd wyndham . 
 is there anyone by that name down here ? 
 he 's about my age , blond hair , short . '' 
 the humans stared mutely , and i sighed , frustration and hopelessness threatening to smother me . 
 end of the road , it seemed . 
 we were stuck here , trapped by the forgotten and surrounded by crazy humans , with no hope of rescuing keirran or annwyl . 
 and todd was still nowhere to be found . 
 there was a shuffle then , somewhere in the darkness , and a moment later a human pushed his way to the front of the crowd . 
 he was about my age , small and thin , with scruffy blond hair and ... a jolt of shock zipped up my spine . 
 it was todd . 
 but he was human . 
 the furry ears were gone , as were the claws and canines and piercing orange eyes . 
 it was still todd wynham , there was no question about that ; he still wore the same clothes as when i saw him last , though they were filthy and ragged now . 
 but the change was so drastic it took me a few seconds to accept that this was the same person . 
 i could only stare in disbelief . 
 except for the grime and the strange , empty look on his face , todd seemed completely mortal , with no trace of the faery blood that ran through him a week ago . 
 `` todd ? '' 
 kenzie eased forward , holding out her hand . 
 todd watched her with blank hazel eyes and did n't move . 
 `` it is you ! 
 you 're all right ! 
 oh , thank goodness . 
 they did n't hurt you , did they ? '' 
 i clenched my fists . 
 she did n't know . 
 she could n't realize what had happened . 
 kenzie had only seen todd as a human before ; she did n't know anything was wrong . 
 but i knew . 
 and a slow flame of rage began to smolder inside . 
 well , you wanted to know what happened to half-breeds when their glamour was drained away , ethan . 
 there 's your answer . 
 all these humans were half-fey once , before the forgotten took their magic . 
 todd blinked slowly . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 he asked in a monotone , and i shivered . 
 even his voice sounded wrong . 
 flat and hollow , like everything he was had been stripped away , leaving no emotion behind . 
 i remembered the eager , defiant half-breed from before ; comparing him to this hopeless stranger made me sick . 
 `` you know me , '' kenzie said , walking toward him . 
 `` kenzie . 
 mackenzie , from school . 
 ethan is here , too . 
 we 've been looking everywhere for you . '' 
 `` i do n't know you , '' todd stated in that same empty , chilling voice . 
 `` i do n't remember him , or school or anything . 
 i do n't remember anything but this hole . 
 but ... '' he looked away , into the darkness , his brow furrowing . 
 `` but ... it feels like i should remember something . 
 something important . 
 i think ... i think i lost something . '' 
 an agonized expression crossed his face , just for a moment , before it smoothed out again . 
 `` or , maybe not , '' he continued with a shrug . 
 `` i ca n't remember . 
 it must not have been very important . '' 
 i was shaking with fury , and took a deep breath to calm myself . 
 bastards , i thought , filled with a sudden , fiery hatred . 
 killing faeries is one thing . 
 but this ? 
 i looked at todd , at the slack face , the hollow eyes , and resisted the urge to punch the wall . 
 this is worse than killing . 
 you stripped away everything that made him who he was , took something that he ca n't ever get back and left him ... like this . 
 to keep yourselves alive . 
 i wo n't let you get away with that . 
 `` what about your parents ? '' 
 kenzie continued , still trying to cajole an answer out of the once half-faery . 
 `` do n't you remember them ? 
 or any of your teachers ? '' 
 `` no , '' was the flat reply , and todd backed away , his eyes clouding over , into the darkness . 
 `` i do n't know you , '' he whispered . 
 `` go away . '' 
 `` todd - '' kenzie tried again , but the human turned away from her , huddling down against the wall , burying his face in his knees . 
 `` leave me alone . '' 
 she tried coaxing him to talk again , asking him questions about home , school , how he came to be there , telling him about our own adventures . 
 but she was met with a wall of silence . 
 todd did n't even look up from his knees . 
 he seemed determined to pretend we did n't exist , and after a few minutes of watching this and getting nothing , i walked away , needing to move before i started shaking him . 
 kenzie 's stubbornly cheerful voice followed me as i stalked into the shadows , and i left her to it ; if anyone could persuade him to talk , she could . 
 weaving through hunched forms of indifferent humans , i wandered the perimeter , halfheartedly searching for anything we might 've missed . 
 anything that might allow us to escape . 
 nothing . 
 just steep , smooth walls and sand . 
 we were well and truly stuck down here . 
 putting my back against the wall , i slid to the floor , feeling cold sand through my jeans . 
 i wondered what my parents were doing right now . 
 i wondered how long the forgotten would keep us down here . 
 weeks ? 
 months ? 
 if they finally let us go , would we return to the mortal realm to find we 'd been missing for twenty years , and everyone had given us up for dead ? 
 or , would they simply kill us and leave our bones to rot in this hole , gnawed on by a bunch of former half-breeds ? 
 kenzie joined me , looking tired and pale . 
 purple marks streaked her arms from where the forgotten had grabbed her , and her eyes were dull with exhaustion . 
 anger flared , but it was damped by the feeling of hopelessness that clung to everything in this place . 
 she gave me a brave smile as she came up , but i could see her mask crumbling , falling to pieces around her . 
 `` anything ? '' 
 i asked , and she shook her head . 
 `` no . 
 i 'll try again in a little while , when he 's had a chance to think about it . 
 i think poking him further will just make him retreat more . '' 
 she slid down next to me , gazing out into the darkness . 
 i felt the heat of her small body against mine , and an almost painful urge to reach out for her , to draw her close . 
 but my own fear held me back . 
 i had failed . 
 again . 
 not only kenzie , but todd , keirran , annwyl , everyone . 
 i wished i had been stronger . 
 that i could 've kept everyone around me safe . 
 but most of all , i wished kenzie did n't have to be here . 
 that i 'd never shown her my world . 
 i 'd give anything to get her out of this . 
 `` how long do you think they 'll keep us here ? '' 
 kenzie whispered after a few beats of silence . 
 `` i do n't know , '' i murmured , feeling the weight in my chest get bigger . 
 kenzie rubbed her arms , running her fingers over the bruises on her skin , making my stomach churn . 
 `` we ... we 're gon na make it home , right ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 i half turned , forcing a smile . 
 `` yeah , do n't worry , we 'll get out of here , and you 'll be home before you know it . 
 your sister will be waiting for you , and your dad will probably yell that you 've been gone so long , but they 'll both be relieved that you 're back . 
 and you can call my house and keep me updated on everything that happens at school , because my parents will probably ground me until i 'm forty . '' 
 it was a kind lie , and we both knew it , but i could n't tell her the truth . 
 that i did n't know if we would make it home , that no one knew where we were , that right above our heads waited a legion of savage , desperate fey and their mysterious lady . 
 keirran was gone , annwyl was missing , and the person we 'd come to find was a hollow shell of himself . 
 i 'd hit rock bottom and had dragged her down with me , but i could n't tell her that all hope was gone . 
 even though i had none of it myself . 
 so i lied . 
 i told her we would make it home , and kenzie returned the small smile , as if she really believed it . 
 but then she shivered , and the mask crumpled . 
 bringing both knees to her chest , she wrapped her arms around them and closed her eyes . 
 `` i 'm scared , '' she admitted in a whisper . 
 and i could n't hold myself back any longer . 
 reaching out , i pulled her into my lap and wrapped her in my arms . 
 she clung to me , fists clenched in my shirt , and i folded her against my chest , feeling our hearts race together . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i whispered into her hair . 
 `` i wanted to protect you from all of this . '' 
 `` i know , '' she whispered back . 
 `` and i know you 're thinking this is your fault somehow , but it is n't . '' 
 her hand slipped up to my face , pressing softly against my cheek , and i closed my eyes . 
 `` ethan , you 're a sweet , infuriating , incredible guy , and i think i. . . 
 might be falling for you . 
 but there are things in my life you just ca n't protect me from . '' 
 my breath caught . 
 i felt my heartbeat stutter , then pick up , a little faster than before . 
 kenzie hunched her shoulders , burying her face in my shirt , suddenly embarrassed . 
 i wanted to tell her she had nothing to be afraid of ; that i could n't stay away from her if i tried , that she had somehow gotten past all my bullshit-the walls , the anger , the constant fear , guilt and self-loathing-and despite everything i 'd done to drive her away and make her hate me , i could n't imagine my life without her . 
 i wished i knew how to tell her as much . 
 instead , i held her and smoothed her hair , listening to our breaths mingle together . 
 she was quiet for a long time , one hand around my neck , the other tracing patterns in my shirt . 
 `` ethan , '' she murmured , still not looking at me . 
 `` if-when-we get home , what will happen , to us ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' i said honestly . 
 `` i guess ... that will mostly depend on you . '' 
 `` me ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` you 've seen my life . 
 you 've seen how screwed up it is . 
 how dangerous it can be . 
 i would n't force that on anyone , but ... '' i trailed off , closing my eyes , pressing my forehead to hers . 
 `` but i ca n't stay away from you anymore . 
 i 'm not even going to try . 
 if you want me around , i 'll be there . '' 
 `` for how long ? '' 
 her words were the faintest whisper . 
 if we had n't been so close , i would n't have caught them . 
 hurt , i stared at her , and she peered up at me , her eyes going wide at the look on my face . 
 `` oh , no ! 
 i 'm sorry , ethan . 
 that was n't for you . 
 i just ... '' she sighed , hanging her head again , clenching a fist in my shirt . 
 `` all right , '' she whispered . 
 `` enough of this , kenzie . 
 before this goes any further . '' 
 she nodded to herself and looked up , facing me fully . 
 `` i guess it 's time you knew . '' 
 i waited , holding my breath . 
 whatever secrets you have , i wanted to say , whatever you 've been hiding , it does n't matter . 
 not to me . 
 my whole life was one big lie , and i had more secrets than one person should have in a lifetime . 
 nothing she said could scare or shock me away from her . 
 but there was still that tiny sense of unease , that dark , ominous thing kenzie had been keeping from me since we 'd met . 
 i knew some secrets were n't meant to be shared , that knowing them could change your perspective of a person forever . 
 i suspected this might be one of those times . 
 so i waited , as the silence stretched between us , as kenzie gathered her thoughts . 
 finally , she pushed her hair back , still not looking at me , and took a deep breath . 
 `` remember ... when you asked why i would trade a piece of my life away to leanansidhe ? '' 
 she began in a halting voice . 
 `` when i made that bargain to get the sight . 
 do you remember what i said ? '' 
 i nodded , though she still was n't looking at me . 
 `` that no one lives forever . '' 
 kenzie shivered . 
 `` my mom died three years ago , '' she said , folding her arms protectively to her chest . 
 `` it was a car accident-there was nothing anyone could do . 
 but i remember when i was little , she would always talk about traveling the world . 
 she said when i got older , we would go see the pyramids together , or the great wall or the eiffel tower . 
 she used to show me travel magazines and brochures , and we would plan out our trip . 
 sometimes by boat , or train or even by hot air balloon . 
 and i believed her . 
 every summer , i asked if this was the year we would go . '' 
 she sniffed , and a bitter note crept into her voice . 
 `` it never was , but dad swore that when he was n't so busy , when work slowed down a bit , we would all take that trip together . 
 `` but then she died , '' kenzie went on softly , and swiped a hand across her eyes . 
 `` she died , and she never got the chance to see egypt , or paris or any of the places she wanted to see . 
 and i always thought it was so sad , that it was such a waste . 
 all those dreams , all those plans we had , she would never get to do any of them . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , kenzie . '' 
 she paused , taking a breath to compose herself , her voice growing stronger when she spoke again . 
 `` afterward , i thought maybe dad and i could ... take that trip together , in her honor , you know ? 
 he was so devastated when he found out . 
 i thought that if we could go someplace , just the two of us , he 'd remember all the good times . 
 and i wanted to remind him that he still had me , even though mom was gone . '' 
 i remembered the way kenzie had spoken about her father before , the anger and bitterness she 'd shown , and my gut twisted . 
 somehow , i knew that had n't happened . 
 `` but , my dad ... '' kenzie shook her head , her eyes dark . 
 `` when mom died , he sort of ... forgot about me . 
 he never talked to me if he could help it , and just ... threw himself into his job . 
 he started working more and more at the office , just so he did n't have to come home . 
 at first , i thought it was because he missed mom so much , but that was n't it . 
 it was me . 
 he did n't want to see me . '' 
 at my furious look , she shrugged . 
 `` maybe i reminded him too much of mom . 
 or maybe he was just distancing himself , in case he lost me , too . 
 i would try talking to him-i really missed her sometimes-but he 'd just give me a wad of cash and then lock himself in his office to drink . '' 
 her eyes glimmered . 
 `` i did n't want money . 
 i wanted someone to talk to me , to listen to me . 
 i wanted him to be a dad . '' 
 anger burned . 
 and guilt . 
 i thought of my family , of how we had lost meghan all those years ago , and how my parents clung to me even more tightly , for fear of that same thing . 
 i could n't imagine them ignoring me , forgetting i existed , in case they woke up one day and found me gone . 
 they were paranoid and overprotective , but that was infinitely better than the alternative . 
 what was wrong with kenzie 's father ? 
 how could he ignore his only daughter , especially after she 'd just lost her mom ? 
 `` that 's insane , '' i muttered . 
 `` i 'm sorry , kenzie . 
 your dad sounds like a complete tool . 
 you should n't have had to go through that alone . '' 
 she did n't say anything , and i rubbed her arms , trying to get her to look at me , keeping my voice gentle . 
 `` so , you do all these crazy things because you do n't want to end up like your mom ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 kenzie hunched her shoulders , looking off into the distance , and her eyes glimmered . 
 `` well , that 's part of it , but ... '' she paused again and went on , even softer than before . 
 `` when dad remarried , things got a little better . 
 i had a stepsister , alexandria , so at least i was n't stuck in a big empty house all day , alone . 
 but dad still worked all the time , and the nights he was home , he was so busy with his new wife and alex , he did n't pay much attention to me . '' 
 she shrugged , as if she 'd gotten over it and did n't need any sympathy , but i still seethed at her father . 
 `` then , about a year ago , '' kenzie went on , `` i started getting sick . 
 nausea , sudden dizzy spells , things like that . 
 dad did n't notice , of course . 
 no one really did ... until i passed out in the middle of class one afternoon . 
 in history . 
 i remember , because i begged the school nurse not to call my dad . 
 i knew he 'd be angry if he had to come pick me up in the middle of the workday . '' 
 kenzie snorted , her eyes and voice bitter as she stared at the ground . 
 `` i collapsed just picking up my books , and the freaking school nurse had to tell him to take me to a doctor . 
 and he was still pissed about it . 
 like i got sick on purpose , like he thinks all the tests and treatments and doctor appointments are just a way of getting attention . '' 
 something cold settled in my stomach , as many small things clicked into place . 
 the bruises . 
 the protectiveness of her friends at school . 
 her fearlessness and burning desire to see all that she could . 
 the dark thing hovered between us now , turning my blood to ice as i finally figured it out . 
 `` you 're sick now , are n't you ? '' 
 i whispered . 
 `` the serious kind . '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 she looked down , fiddling with my shirt , and took a shaky breath . 
 `` ethan i. . . 
 i have leukemia . '' 
 the words trailed off into a whisper at the end , and she paused , but when she continued her voice was calm and matter-of-fact . 
 `` the doctors wo n't tell me much , but i did some research , and the survival rate for the type i have , with treatment and chemo and everything , is about forty percent . 
 and that 's if i even make it through the first five years . '' 
 it felt as if someone had punched a hole in my stomach , grabbed my insides and pulled them out again . 
 i stared at kenzie in horror , unable to catch my breath . 
 leukemia . 
 cancer . 
 kenzie was ... `` so , now you know the real reason i wanted the sight . 
 why i wanted to see the fey . '' 
 she finally looked at me , one corner of her lip turned up in a bitter smile . 
 `` that month i traded to leanansidhe ? 
 that 's nothing . 
 i probably wo n't live to see thirty . '' 
 i wanted to do something , anything . 
 i wanted to jump up and punch the walls , scream out my frustration and the unfairness of it all . 
 why her ? 
 why did it have to be kenzie , who was brave and kind and stubborn and absolutely perfect ? 
 it was n't right . 
 `` you should 've gone back , '' i finally choked out . 
 `` you should n't be here with me , not when you could be ... '' i could n't even get the word past my lips . 
 the sudden thought that this dark pit could be the last place she would ever see nearly made me sick . 
 `` kenzie , you should be with your family , '' i moaned in despair . 
 `` why did you stay with me ? 
 you should 've gone home . '' 
 kenzie 's eyes gleamed . 
 `` to what ? '' 
 she snapped , making a sharp gesture . 
 `` back to my dad , who ca n't even look at me ? 
 back to that empty house , where everyone tiptoes around and whispers things they do n't think i can hear ? 
 to the doctors who wo n't tell me anything , who treat me like i have no idea what 's going on ? 
 have n't you been listening , ethan ? 
 what do i have to go back to ? '' 
 `` you would be safe - '' `` safe , '' she scoffed . 
 `` i do n't have time to be safe . 
 i want to live . 
 i want to travel the world . 
 see things no one else has . 
 go bungee jumping and skydiving and all those crazy things . 
 if i 'm living on borrowed time , i want to make the most of it . 
 and you showed me this whole other world , with dragons and magic and queens and talking cats . 
 how could i pass that up ? '' 
 i could n't answer , mostly because my own throat felt suspiciously tight . 
 kenzie reached out with both arms and laced her hands behind my head , gazing up at me . 
 her eyes were tender as she leaned in . 
 `` ethan , this sickness , this thing inside me ... i 've made my peace with it . 
 whatever happens , i ca n't stop it . 
 but there are things i want to do before i die , a whole list that i know i probably wo n't get to , but i 'm sure as hell going to try . 
 ` seeing the fey ' was n't on the list , but ` go someplace no one has ever seen before ' was . 
 so is ` have my first kiss . ' '' 
 she ducked her head , as if she was blushing . 
 `` of course , there 's never been a boy that i 've wanted to kiss me , '' she whispered , biting her lip , `` until i met you . '' 
 i was still reeling from her last words , so that admittance sent another jolt through my stomach , turning it inside out . 
 that this strange , stubborn , defiantly cheerful girl-this girl who fought lindwurms and bargained with faery queens and faced her own mortality every single day , who followed me into faery and did n't leave my side , even when she was offered a way home-this brave , selfless , incredible girl wanted me to kiss her . 
 damn . 
 i was in deep , was n't i ? 
 yeah , and i do n't care . 
 kenzie was still staring at the ground , and i realized i had n't answered her , still recovering from being blindsided by my own emotions . 
 `` but i understand if you do n't want to , '' she went on in a forced , cheerful voice , dropping her arms . 
 `` it 's not fair to you , to get involved with someone like me . 
 it was stupid of me to say anything . '' 
 she spoke quickly , trying to convince herself , and i shook myself out of my trance . 
 `` i do n't know how long i 'll have , and who wants to go through that ? 
 it 'll just end up breaking both our hearts . 
 so , if you do n't want to start anything , that 's fine , i understand . 
 i just - '' i kissed her , stopping any more arguments . 
 she made a tiny noise of surprise before she relaxed into me with a sigh . 
 her arms laced around my neck ; mine slid into her hair and down to the small of her back , holding us together . 
 no more illusions , no more hiding from myself . 
 i needed this girl ; i needed her laughter and fearlessness , the way she kept pushing me , refusing to be intimidated . 
 i 'd kept people at arm 's length for so long , scared of what the fey would do to them if i got close , but i could n't do that anymore . 
 not to her . 
 it seemed a long time before we finally pulled back . 
 the shuffle of the former half-breeds echoed around us , the pit was still dark and cold and unscalable , but i was no longer content just to sit here and accept our fate . 
 everything was different . 
 i had something to fight for , a real reason to get home . 
 kenzie did n't say anything immediately after . 
 she blinked and looked a little dazed as i drew back . 
 i could n't help but smirk . 
 `` oh , wow , '' i teased quietly . 
 `` did i actually render mackenzie st. james speechless ? '' 
 she snorted . 
 `` hardly , but you 're welcome to try again . '' 
 smiling , i pulled her to me for another kiss . 
 she shifted so that her knees were straddling my waist and buried her hands in my hair , holding my head still . 
 i wrapped my arms around the small of her back and let the feel of her lips take me away . 
 this time , kenzie was the one who pulled back , all traces of amusement gone as she stared at me , my reflection peering back from her eyes . 
 `` promise you wo n't disappear when we get home , tough guy , '' she whispered , and , though her tone was light , her gaze was solemn . 
 `` i like this ethan . 
 i do n't want him to turn into the one i met at the tournament once we 're safe . '' 
 `` i ca n't promise that you wo n't ever see him again , '' i told her . 
 `` the fey will still hang around me , no matter what i do . 
 but i 'm not going anywhere . '' 
 reaching up , i brushed the hair from her eyes , smiling ruefully . 
 `` i 'm still not sure how this will work when we get home , but i want to be with you . 
 and if you want me to be your boyfriend and go to parties and hang out with your meathead friends ... i 'll try . 
 i 'm not the best at being normal , but i 'll give it a shot . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 she smiled , and her eyes glimmered . 
 `` you ... you 're not just saying that because you feel sorry for me , are you ? 
 i do n't want to guilt you into doing anything , just because i 'm sick . '' 
 no , mackenzie . 
 i fell for you long before then , i just did n't know it . 
 `` i 'll prove it to you , then , '' i told her , running my hands up her back , drawing her closer . 
 `` once we get out of here , i 'll show you nothing has changed . '' 
 and everything 's changed . 
 `` deal ? '' 
 she nodded , and a tear finally spilled over , running down her cheek . 
 i brushed it away with my thumb . 
 `` deal , '' she whispered , as i reached up to kiss her once more . 
 `` but , um ... ethan ? '' 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 `` i think something is watching us . '' 
 chapter twenty-three the escape warily , i looked up , just as something bright fell from the ceiling , flashing briefly as it struck the ground a few yards away . 
 puzzled , i released kenzie and stood , squinting as i walked up to it . 
 when i could see it clearly in the darkness , my heart stood still . 
 my swords . 
 or one of them , anyway . 
 standing up point first in the sand . 
 incredulous , i picked it up , wondering how it got here . 
 there was a familiar buzz on the wall overhead . 
 heart leaping , i looked up to see a pair of smug , glowing green eyes . 
 razor grinned down at me , his teeth a blue-white crescent in the darkness . 
 one spindly arm still clutched my second blade . 
 `` found you ! '' 
 he buzzed . 
 kenzie gasped , and the gremlin cackled , tossing the sword down . 
 it soared through the air in a graceful arc and landed hilt up at my feet . 
 scuttling along the wall , the gremlin launched himself at kenzie , landing in her arms with a gleeful cry . 
 `` found you ! '' 
 he exclaimed again , as she quickly shushed him . 
 he beamed but dropped his voice to a staticky whisper . 
 `` found you ! 
 razor help ! 
 see , see ? 
 razor brought swords silly boy dropped . '' 
 `` razor , are you all right ? '' 
 kenzie asked , holding him at arm 's length to look at him closely . 
 one of his ears was torn , hanging limply at an angle , but other than that , he seemed okay . 
 `` that forgotten threw you pretty hard , '' she mused , touching the wounded ear . 
 `` are you hurt ? '' 
 `` bad kitty ! '' 
 growled razor , shaking his head as if he was shooing off a fly . 
 `` evil , sneaky , nasty kitty ! 
 boy should cut its nose off , yes . 
 tie rock to tail and throw kitty in lake . 
 watch kitty sink , ha ! '' 
 `` seems like he 's fine , '' i said , sheathing my second blade . 
 relief and hope spread through me . 
 now that i was armed again , the future looked a lot less bleak . 
 we might actually make it out of here . 
 `` razor , did you happen to see keirran anywhere ? 
 or annwyl ? '' 
 before he could answer , a shuffle of movement up top silenced us , and we pressed back into the wall , staring up at the lip . 
 a moment later , the old woman 's voice floated down into the hole . 
 `` ethan chase . 
 the lady will see you now . '' 
 kenzie shivered and pressed close , gripping my hand , as the gleam of the cat-faery 's eyes appeared over the mouth of the pit . 
 `` did you hear me , humans ? '' 
 she called , sounding impatient . 
 `` when we lower the rungs , only the chase boy is to come up . 
 he will be escorted to the lady . 
 anyone who follows will be tossed back into the hole , without a ladder . 
 so do n't try anything . '' 
 her wrinkled face split into an evil grin , and she disappeared . 
 i turned to kenzie . 
 `` when i get up there , '' i whispered , `` can you and razor give me a distraction ? '' 
 i glanced at razor , hiding in her long black hair , then back to the girl . 
 `` i only need a few seconds . 
 think you can do that ? '' 
 she looked pale but determined . 
 `` sure , '' she whispered . 
 `` no problem . 
 distractions are our specialty , right , razor ? '' 
 the gremlin peeked out from the curtain of her hair and gave a quiet buzz . 
 i brushed a strand from her eyes , trying to sound calm . 
 `` wait until i 'm almost at the very top , '' i told her , untucking my shirt , pulling the hem over the sword hilts . 
 `` then , do whatever you have to do . 
 nothing dangerous , just make sure they 're not looking at me when i come up . 
 also , here . '' 
 i pulled out a sword , sheath and all , and handed it to her . 
 `` in case this does n't go as planned . 
 this will give you a fighting chance . '' 
 `` ethan . '' 
 i took her hand , fighting the urge to pull her close . 
 `` we 're getting out of here , right now . '' 
 with a scraping sound , the ladder dropped into the pit . 
 i squeezed kenzie 's arm and stepped forward , walking across the sand to the opposite wall . 
 i saw todd huddled in the corner , his head buried in his knees , not even looking at the ladder , and clenched my fists . 
 dammit , what they did to you was unforgivable . 
 even if i ca n't fix that , i 'll get you home , i swear . 
 i 'll get all of us home . 
 my footsteps clunked loudly against the rungs as i started up , echoing my pounding heart . 
 six steps from the top , i could see the hulking , three-armed forgotten , yawning as it stared off into the distance . 
 four steps from the top , i could see the old cat-faery and a pair of insect fey , one holding a coil of rope in its long talons . 
 another two guarded the entrance , floating a few inches above the ground . 
 two steps from the top , razor abruptly dropped onto the three-armed faery 's head . 
 `` bad kitty ! '' 
 he screeched at the top of his lungs , making everything in the room jump in shock . 
 the three-armed forgotten gave a bellow and slapped at the thing on his head , but razor leaped off just in time , and the huge fey smacked its own skull with enough force to knock it back a step . 
 i drew my sword and leaped out of the pit , blade flashing . 
 i cut through one spindly body , dodged the second as it slashed at me , and sliced through its neck . 
 both dissolved into mist , and i went for the old cat-faery , intending to cut that evil grin from her withered face . 
 she hissed and leaped away , landing behind the two guards at the mouth of the tunnel . 
 `` stop him ! '' 
 she spat , and the forgotten closed in on me , including the huge three-armed faery , a club clutched in his third hand . 
 i dodged the first swing , parried the vicious claw swipes , and was forced back . 
 `` you can not escape , ethan chase ! '' 
 the cat-fey called triumphantly , as i fought to avoid being surrounded . 
 the club swished over my head and smashed into the wall , showering me with rock . 
 `` give up , and we will take you to the lady . 
 your death might be a painless one if you surrender no-aaaaaagh ! '' 
 her warning melted into a yowl of pain as razor dropped behind her , grabbed her skinny tail , and chomped down hard . 
 the cat-faery spun , clawing at him , and i lost them both as the three fey crowded in . 
 battling forgotten , i saw kenzie pull herself out of the pit , sword in hand . 
 her eyes gleamed as she stepped up behind the hulking faery and swung a vicious blow at the back of its knees . 
 bellowing in pain , the forgotten stumbled , lurched backward , and toppled over . 
 kenzie dodged aside as the big faery dropped into the pit with a howl . 
 slicing through the last two guards , i lunged to where the cat-thing was twisting and clawing the air behind her , trying to reach the gremlin doggedly clinging to her tail . 
 she looked up as i came in , made one last attempt to flee , but my sword flashed down across her neck and she erupted into mist . 
 panting , i lowered my sword , stumbling back as razor blinked , grinning as what had been the cat-faery rippled over the ground and evaporated . 
 `` bad kitty , '' he buzzed , sounding smug as he looked up at me . 
 `` no more bad kitty . 
 ha ! '' 
 i smiled , turning to kenzie , but then my heart seized up and i started to shout a warning . 
 the hulking forgotten she had dropped into the pit had somehow clawed its way out again , looming behind her with its club raised . 
 at the look on my face , she realized what was happening and started to turn , throwing up her arms , but the club swept down and i knew i would get there far too late . 
 and then ... i do n't know what happened . 
 a dark , featureless shadow sprang up , seemingly out of nowhere , between kenzie and the huge forgotten . 
 a sword flashed , and the blow that probably would 've crushed her skull hit her shoulder instead . 
 the impact was still enough to knock her aside , and she crumpled against the wall , gasping in pain , as the shadow vanished as suddenly as it appeared . 
 rage blinded me . 
 rushing forward , i leaped at the forgotten with a scream , cutting at it viciously . 
 it bellowed and swiped its club at my head , but i met the blow with my sword , severing the arm from its chest . 
 howling in pain , the faery resorted to pounding at me with its huge fists . 
 i dodged back , snatching the fallen sword from the ground , and stepped up to meet the raging forgotten . 
 ducking wild swings , i lunged past its guard and sank both blades into its chest with a snarl . 
 the forgotten melted into fog , still bellowing curses . 
 without a second glance , i rushed through its dissolving form to the body on the far side of the wall . 
 kenzie was struggling upright , grimacing , one hand cradling her arm . 
 razor hopped up and down nearby , buzzing with alarm . 
 `` kenzie ! '' 
 reaching her , i took her arm and very gently felt along the limb , checking for lumps or broken bones . 
 miraculously everything seemed intact , despite the massive green bruise already starting to creep down her shoulder . 
 badge of courage , guro would 've called it . 
 he would 've been proud . 
 `` nothing 's broken , '' i muttered in relief , and looked up at her . 
 `` are you all right ? '' 
 she winced . 
 `` well , considering today i have been stabbed , poked , pummeled and threatened with having my throat cut open , i guess i ca n't complain . '' 
 her brow furrowed , and she glanced around the cave . 
 `` also , i thought there was ... did you see ... ? '' 
 i nodded , remembering the shadow that had appeared , deflected the killing blow , and vanished just as suddenly . 
 it had happened so fast ; if kenzie had n't mentioned it , too , i might 've thought i was seeing things . 
 `` oh , good . 
 i thought i was having some weird near-death hallucination or something . '' 
 kenzie looked at the place the huge forgotten had died and shuddered . 
 `` any idea what just happened there ? '' 
 `` no clue , '' i muttered . 
 `` but it probably saved your life . 
 that 's all i care about . '' 
 `` maybe for you , '' kenzie said , wrinkling her nose . 
 `` but if i 'm going to have some sort of shadowy guardian angel hanging around me , i kind of want to know why . 
 in case i 'm in the shower or something . '' 
 `` kenzie ? '' 
 a faint , familiar voice drifted from the darkness before i could answer . 
 we both jumped and gazed around wildly . 
 `` ethan ? 
 are you up there ? '' 
 `` annwyl ? '' 
 kenzie looked around , as razor hopped to her shoulder . 
 `` where are you ? '' 
 `` here , '' came the weak reply , as if muffled through the walls . 
 i peered along the edge of the cave and saw a wooden door at the far corner of the room , nearly hidden in shadow . 
 a thick wooden beam barred it shut . 
 hurrying over , we pushed the heavy beam out of the way and pulled on the door . 
 it opened reluctantly , creaking in protest , and we stepped through . 
 kenzie gasped . 
 the room beyond was full of cages-bronze or copper by the looks of them-hanging from the ceiling by thick chains . 
 they groaned as they swung back and forth , narrow , cylindrical cells that barely gave enough room to turn around . 
 all of them were empty , save one . 
 annwyl huddled down in one of the cages , her knees drawn to her chest and her arms wrapped around them . 
 in the darkness of the room , lit only by a single flickering torch on the far wall , she looked pale and sick and miserable as she raised her head , her eyes going wide . 
 `` ethan , '' she whispered in a trembling voice . 
 `` kenzie . 
 you 're here . 
 how ... how did you find me ? '' 
 `` we 'll tell you later , '' kenzie said , looking furious as she gripped the bars separating them . 
 razor buzzed furiously and leaped to the top of the cage , rattling the frame . 
 `` right now , we 're getting out of here . 
 where are the keys ? '' 
 annwyl nodded to a post where a ring of bronze keys hung from a wooden peg . 
 after unlocking the cage , we helped annwyl climb down . 
 the summer girl stumbled weakly as she left the cage , leaning on me for support . 
 the forgotten had probably drained most of her glamour ; she felt as thin and brittle as a bundle of twigs . 
 `` are there others ? '' 
 i asked as she took several deep breaths , as if breathing clean air once again . 
 annwyl shuddered violently and shook her head . 
 `` no , '' she whispered . 
 `` just me . '' 
 she turned and nodded to the empty cages , swinging from their chains . 
 `` when i was first brought here , there were a few other captives . 
 exiled fey like me . 
 a satyr and a couple wood nymphs . 
 one goblin . 
 but ... but then they were taken away by the guards . 
 and they never came back . 
 i was sure it was just a matter of time ... before i was brought to her , as well . '' 
 `` the lady , '' i muttered darkly . 
 annwyl shivered again . 
 `` she ... she eats them , '' she whispered , closing her eyes . 
 `` she drains their glamour , sucks it into herself , just like her followers , until there 's nothing left . 
 that 's why so many exiles are gone . 
 she needs a constant supply of magic to get strong again , at least that 's what her followers told me . 
 so they go out every night , capture exiles and half-breeds , and drag them back here for her . '' 
 `` where 's keirran ? '' 
 i asked , holding her at arm 's length . 
 `` have you seen him ? '' 
 she shook her head frantically . 
 `` he 's ... with her , '' she said , on the verge of tears . 
 `` i 'm so worried ... what if she 's done something to him ? '' 
 she covered her face with one hand . 
 `` what will i do if he 's gone ? '' 
 `` master ! '' 
 perched on kenzie 's shoulder again , razor echoed her misery , pulling on his ears . 
 `` master gone ! '' 
 i sighed , trying to think over the gremlin 's wailing . 
 `` all right , '' i muttered , and turned to kenzie . 
 `` we have to get todd and the others out of here . 
 do you remember the way they brought us in ? '' 
 she winced , trying to shush the tiny iron fey . 
 `` barely . 
 but the cave is crawling with forgotten . 
 we 'd have to fight our way out . '' 
 annwyl straightened then , taking a deep breath . 
 `` wait , '' she said , seeming to compose herself , her voice growing stronger . 
 `` there is another way . 
 i can sense where the trods are in this place , and one empties under a bridge in the mortal world . 
 it is n't far from here . '' 
 `` can you lead everyone there ? 
 open it ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 annwyl nodded , and her eyes glittered . 
 `` but i 'm not leaving without keirran . '' 
 `` i know . 
 come on . '' 
 i led her out of the room , back to the chamber that held the giant pit . 
 dragging the ladder from the wall , i dropped it down into the hole . 
 `` all right , '' i mumbled , peering into the darkness . 
 mutters and shuffling footsteps drifted out of the pit , and i winced . 
 `` wait here , '' i told kenzie and annwyl . 
 `` i 'll be right back , hopefully with a bunch of crazy people . '' 
 `` wait , '' kenzie said , stopping me . 
 `` i should go , '' she said , and held up a hand as i protested . 
 `` ethan , if something comes into this room , i wo n't be able to stop it . 
 you 're the one with the mad sword skills . 
 besides , you 're not the most comforting presence to lead a bunch of scared , crazy people to safety . 
 if they start crying , you ca n't just crack your knuckles and threaten them to get them to move . '' 
 i frowned . 
 `` i would n't use my fists . 
 a sword is much more threatening . '' 
 she rolled her eyes and handed me the gremlin , who scurried to my shoulder . 
 `` just stand guard . 
 i 'll start sending them up . '' 
 a few minutes later , a crowd of ragged , dazed-looking humans clustered together in the tunnel , muttering and whispering to themselves . 
 todd was among them . 
 he gazed around the cavern with a blank expression that made my skin crawl . 
 i hoped that when we got him out of here he would go back to normal . 
 no one looked at annwyl or razor , or seemed to notice them . 
 they stood like sheep , passive and dull-witted , waiting for something to happen . 
 annwyl gazed at them all and shivered . 
 `` how awful , '' she whispered , rubbing her arms . 
 `` they feel so ... empty . '' 
 `` empty , '' razor buzzed . 
 `` empty , empty , empty . '' 
 `` is this everyone ? '' 
 i asked kenzie as she crawled back up the ladder . 
 she nodded as razor bounced back to her . 
 `` all right , everyone stay together . 
 this is going to be interesting . '' 
 drawing my weapons , i walked to the edge of the tunnel , where it split in two directions , and peered out . 
 no forgotten , not yet . 
 `` ethan . '' 
 kenzie and annwyl joined me at the edge , the group following silently . 
 annwyl gripped my arm . 
 `` i 'm not leaving . 
 not without him . '' 
 `` i know . 
 do n't worry . '' 
 i shook off her fingers , then turned and handed a sword to kenzie . 
 `` get them out of here , '' i told her . 
 `` take annwyl , get to the exit , and do n't look back . 
 if anything tries to stop you , do whatever you can not to get caught again . '' 
 `` what about you ? '' 
 i sighed , glancing down the tunnel . 
 `` i 'm going back for keirran . '' 
 she blinked . 
 `` alone ? 
 you do n't even know where he is . '' 
 `` yes , i do . '' 
 raking a hand through my hair , i faced the darkness , determined not to be afraid . 
 `` he 'll be with the lady . 
 wherever she is , i 'll find him , too . '' 
 `` master ? '' 
 razor perked up , eyes flaring with hope . 
 `` razor come ? 
 find master ? '' 
 `` no , you stay , razor . 
 protect kenzie . '' 
 the gremlin buzzed sadly but nodded . 
 dark murmurs echoed behind us . 
 the group of former half-breeds were shifting fretfully , muttering `` the lady , '' over and over again , like a chant . 
 it made my stomach turn with nerves . 
 `` here , then . '' 
 kenzie handed back the sword . 
 `` take it . 
 i wo n't need it this time . '' 
 `` but - '' `` ethan , trust me , if something finds us , we wo n't be fighting-we 'll be running . 
 if you 're going back , you 're going to need it more than me . '' 
 `` i 'll come with you , '' annwyl said . 
 `` no . '' 
 my voice came out sharp . 
 `` kenzie needs you to open the trod when you get there . 
 it wo n't work for humans . 
 besides , if something happens to you , if you get caught or threatened in any way , keirran wo n't try to escape . 
 he 'll only come with me if he knows you 're safe . '' 
 `` i want to help . 
 i wo n't abandon him - '' `` dammit , if you love him , the best thing you can do is leave ! '' 
 i snapped , whirling on her . 
 she blinked and drew back . 
 `` keirran is here because of you ! 
 that 's what got us into this mess in the first place . '' 
 i glared at her , and the faery dropped her gaze . 
 sighing , i lowered my voice . 
 `` annwyl , you have to trust me . 
 i wo n't come back without him , i promise . '' 
 she struggled a moment longer , then nodded . 
 `` i 'll hold you to that promise , human , '' she murmured at last . 
 kenzie suddenly took my arm . 
 `` i will , too , '' she whispered as i looked into her eyes . 
 she smiled faintly , trying to hide her fear , and squeezed my hand . 
 `` so you 'd better come back , tough guy . 
 you have a promise to keep , remember ? '' 
 the urge to kiss her then was almost overpowering . 
 gently , i cupped her cheek , trying to convey my promise , what i felt , without words . 
 kenzie put her hand over mine and closed her eyes . 
 `` be careful , '' she whispered . 
 i nodded . 
 `` you , too . '' 
 opening her eyes , she released me and stepped back . 
 `` we 'll be at belvedere castle , '' she stated , her eyes suspiciously bright . 
 `` so meet us there when you find keirran . 
 we 'll be waiting for you both . '' 
 todd spoke up then , his voice echoing flatly over the rest . 
 `` if you 're looking for the lady , she 'll be on the very last floor , '' he stated . 
 `` that 's where the screams used to come from . '' 
 a chill went through me . 
 giving kenzie and the others one last look , i turned , gripping my weapons and disappeared into the tunnel . 
 chapter twenty-four the lady i made my way through the darkness of the forgotten hive , keeping to the shadows , pressed flat against rocks or behind boulders . 
 in a real cave , with no artificial light , it would be impossible to see your hand in front of your face . 
 here , in the between , the cave glowed with luminescent crystals and mushrooms , scattered on the walls and along the ceiling . 
 colorful moss and ferns grew around a clear green pool in the center of the main cavern , where a small waterfall trickled in from the darkness above . 
 forgotten drifted through the tunnels , pale and shimmery against the gloom , though there were n't as many as i 'd first feared . 
 maybe most of them were out hunting exiles , since they had to feed on the glamour of the regular fey to live . 
 some were just transparent shadows , while others seemed much more solid , even gaining some color back . 
 i noticed the less `` real '' the faery was , the more it tended to wander around in a daze , as if it could n't remember what it was doing . 
 i nearly ran right into a snakelike creature with multiple arms coming out of a tunnel , and dove behind a stalactite to avoid it , making a lot of noise as i did . 
 the faery stared at my hiding spot for a few seconds , blinking , then appeared to lose interest and slithered off down another corridor . 
 breathing a sigh of relief , i continued . 
 hugging the walls , i slowly made my way through the caverns and tunnels , searching for keirran and the lady . 
 i hoped kenzie and annwyl had gotten the others out , and i hoped they were safe . 
 i could n't worry about them now . 
 if this lady was as powerful as i feared-the queen of the forgotten , i suspected-then i had more than enough to worry about for myself . 
 past another glittering pool , a stone archway rose out of the wall and floor , blue torches burning on either side . 
 it looked pretty official , like the entrance to a queen 's chamber , perhaps . 
 gripping my weapons , i took a deep breath and walked beneath the arch . 
 the tunnel past the doorway was winding but short , and soon a faint glow hovered at the end . 
 i crept forward , staying to the shadows , and peeked into the throne room of the lady . 
 the cavern through the arch was n't huge , though it glittered with thousands of blue , green and yellow crystals , some tiny , some as big as me , jutting out of the walls and floor . 
 several massive stone columns , twined with the skeletons of dragons and other monsters , lined the way to a crystal throne near the back of the room . 
 sitting on that throne , flanked by motionless knights in bone armor , was a woman . 
 my breath caught . 
 the lady of the forgotten was n't monstrous , or cruel-looking or some terrible , crazy queen wailing insanities . 
 she was beautiful . 
 for a few seconds , i could n't stop staring , could n't even tear my eyes away . 
 like the rest of the forgotten , the lady was pale , but a bit of color tinged her cheeks and full lips , and her eyes were a striking crystal blue , though they shifted colors in the dim light-from blue to green to amber and back again . 
 her long hair was colorless , writhing away to mist at the ends , as if she still was n't quite solid . 
 she wore billowing robes with a high collar , and the face within was young , perfect and achingly sad . 
 for one crazy moment , my brain shut off , and i wondered if we had this all wrong . 
 maybe the lady was a prisoner of the forgotten , as well , maybe she had nothing to do with the disappearances and killings and horrible fate of the half-breeds . 
 but then i saw the wings , or rather , the shattered bones of what had been wings , rising from her shoulders to frame the chair . 
 like the other forgotten . 
 her eyes shifted from green to pure black , and i saw her reach a slender white hand out to a figure standing at the foot of the throne . 
 `` keirran , '' i whispered . 
 the iron prince looked none the worse for wear , unbound and free , as he took the offered hand and stepped closer to the lady . 
 she ran long fingers through his silver hair , and he did n't move , standing there with his head bowed . 
 i saw her lips move , and he might 've said something back , but their voices were too soft to hear . 
 anger flared , and i clenched my fists around my swords . 
 keirran was still armed ; i could see the sword across his back , but he would n't do anything that would endanger annwyl . 
 how strong was the lady ? 
 if i burst in now , could we fight our way out ? 
 i counted four guards surrounding the throne , eyes glowing green beneath their bony helmets . 
 they looked pretty tough , but we might be able to take them down together . 
 if i could only get his attention ... a second later , however , it did n't matter . 
 the lady suddenly stopped talking to keirran . 
 raising her head , she looked right at me , still hidden in the shadows . 
 i saw her eyebrows lift in surprise , and then she smiled . 
 `` hello , ethan chase . '' 
 her voice was clear and soft , and her smile was heartbreaking . 
 `` welcome to my kingdom . '' 
 dammit . 
 i burst from my hiding spot , as keirran whirled around , eyes widening in shock . 
 `` ethan , '' he exclaimed as i walked forward , my blades held at my side . 
 the guards started forward , but the lady raised a hand , and they stopped . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 `` what do you think i 'm doing here ? '' 
 i snapped . 
 `` i 'm here to get you out . 
 you can relax-annwyl is safe . '' 
 i met the lady 's gaze . 
 `` so are todd and all the other half-breeds you kidnapped . 
 and you wo n't hurt anyone else , i swear . '' 
 i was n't expecting an answer . 
 i expected keirran to spin around , draw his sword , and all hell to break loose as we beat a hasty retreat for the exit . 
 but keirran did n't move , and the next words spoken were n't his . 
 `` what do you mean , ethan chase ? '' 
 the lady 's voice surprised me , genuinely confused and shocked , trying to understand . 
 `` tell me , how have i hurt your friends ? '' 
 `` you 're kidding , right ? '' 
 i halted a few yards from the foot of the throne , glaring up at her . 
 keirran , rigid beside her , looked on warily . 
 i wondered when he was going to step down , in case we had to fight our way out . 
 those bony knights at each corner of the throne looked pretty tough . 
 `` let me give you a rundown , then , '' i told the forgotten queen , who cocked her head at me . 
 `` you kidnapped my friend todd from his home and dragged him here . 
 you kidnapped annwyl to force keirran to come to you . 
 you 've killed who knows how many exiles , and , oh , yeah ... you turned all those half-breeds mortal by sucking out their glamour . 
 how 's that for harm , then ? '' 
 `` the half-breeds were not to be harmed , '' the lady said in a calm , reasonable voice . 
 `` we do not kill if there is no need . 
 eventually , they would have been returned to their homes . 
 as for losing their ` fey-ness , ' now that they are mortal , the hidden world will never bother them again . 
 they can live happier , safer lives now that they are normal . 
 would n't you agree that is the better option , ethan chase ? 
 you , who have been tormented by the fey all your life ? 
 surely you understand . '' 
 `` i. . . 
 that 's ... that 's not an excuse . '' 
 `` is n't it ? '' 
 the lady gave me a gentle smile . 
 `` they are happier now , or they will be , once they go home . 
 no more nightmares about the fey . 
 no more fear of what the ` pure-bloods ' might do to them . '' 
 she tilted her head again , sympathetic . 
 `` do n't you wish you could be normal ? '' 
 `` what about the exiles ? '' 
 i shot back , determined not to give her the upper hand in this bizarre debate . 
 dammit , i should n't even have to argue about this . 
 keirran , what the hell are you doing ? 
 `` there 's no question of what you did to them , '' i continued . 
 `` you ca n't tell me that they 're happier being dead . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 the lady closed her eyes briefly . 
 `` sadly , i can not . 
 there is no excuse for it , and it breaks my heart , what we must do to our former brethren to survive . '' 
 a tiny motion from keirran , just the slightest tightening of his jaw . 
 well , at least that 's something . 
 i still do n't know what you think you 're doing , prince . 
 unless she 's got a debt or a glamour on you . 
 somehow , i doubted it . 
 the iron prince looked fine when i first came in . 
 he was still acting of his own free will . 
 `` but , '' the lady continued , `` our survival is at stake here . 
 i do what i must to ensure my people do not fade away again . 
 if there was another way to live , to exist , i would gladly take it . 
 as such , we feed only on exiles , those who have been banished to the mortal realm . 
 that they will fade away eventually is small comfort to what we must do , but we must take our comfort where we can . '' 
 i finally looked at keirran . 
 `` and you . 
 you 're okay with all this ? '' 
 keirran bowed his head and did n't meet my gaze . 
 the lady reached out and touched the back of his neck . 
 `` keirran understands our plight , '' she whispered as i stared at him , disbelieving . 
 `` he knows i must protect my people from nonexistence . 
 mankind has been cruel and has forgotten us , as have the courts of faery . 
 we have just returned to the world again . 
 how can we go back to nothing ? '' 
 i shook my head , incredulous . 
 `` i hate to break it to you , but i promised someone i would n't leave without the iron prince , there . '' 
 i stabbed a sword at keirran , who raised his head and finally looked at me . 
 i glared back . 
 `` and i 'm going to keep my promise , even if i have to break both his legs and carry him out myself . '' 
 `` then , i am sorry , ethan chase . '' 
 the lady sat back , watching me sadly . 
 `` i wish we could have come to an agreement . 
 but i can not allow you to return to the iron queen with our location . 
 please understand-i do this only to protect my people . '' 
 the lady lifted her hand , and the bone knights suddenly lunged forward , drawing their swords as they did . 
 their weapons were pure white and jagged on one end , like a giant razor tooth . 
 i met the first warrior bearing down on me , knocking aside his sword and instantly whipping my second blade at his head . 
 it happened in the space of a blink , but the faery dodged back , the sword missing him by inches . 
 damn , they 're fast . 
 another cut at me from the side , and i barely twisted away , feeling the jagged edge of the sword catch my shirt . 
 parrying yet another swing , i immediately had to dodge as the others closed in , not giving me any time to counter . 
 they backed me toward a corner , desperately fending off blindingly quick stabs and thrusts . 
 too many . 
 there were too many of them , and they were good . 
 `` keirran ! '' 
 i yelled , ducking behind a column . 
 `` a little help ? '' 
 the knights slowly followed me around the pillar , and through the short lull , i saw the iron prince still standing beside the throne , watching . 
 his face was blank ; no emotion showed on his face or in his eyes as the knights closed on me again . 
 fear gripped my heart with icy talons . 
 even after everything , i still believed he would back me up when i needed it . 
 `` keirran ! '' 
 i yelled again , ducking as the knight 's sword smashed into the column , spraying me with grit . 
 `` dammit , what are you doing ? 
 annwyl is safe-help me ! '' 
 he did n't move , though a tortured expression briefly crossed his face . 
 stunned and abruptly furious , i whirled , stepped inside a knight 's guard as it cut at me , and lunged deep . 
 my blade finally pierced the armored chest , lancing between the rib slits and sinking deep . 
 the warrior convulsed , staggered away , and turned into mist . 
 but my reckless move had left my back open , and i was n't able to dodge fast enough as another sword swept down , glancing off my leg . 
 for just a second , it did n't hurt . 
 but as i backed away , blood blossomed over my jeans , and then the pain hit in a crippling flood . 
 i stumbled , gritting my teeth . 
 the remaining three knights followed relentlessly , swords raised . 
 all the while , keirran stood beside the throne , not moving , as the lady 's remote blue eyes followed me over his head . 
 i ca n't believe he 's going to stand there and watch me die . 
 panting , i desperately fended off another assault from all three knights , but a blade got through and hit my arm , causing me to drop one of my swords . 
 i lashed out and scored a hit along the knight 's jaw , and it reeled away in pain , but then another swung viciously at my head , and i knew i would n't be able to completely avoid this one . 
 i raised my sword , and the knight 's blade smashed into it and my arm , knocking me to the side . 
 my hurt leg crumpled beneath me , and i fell , the blade ripped from my hands , skidding across the floor . 
 dazed , i looked up to see the knights looming over me , sword raised for the killing blow . 
 that 's it , then . 
 i 'm sorry , kenzie . 
 i wanted to be with you , but at least you 're safe now . 
 that 's all that matters . 
 the blade flashed down . 
 i closed my eyes . 
 the screech of weapons rang directly overhead , making my hair stand up . 
 for a second , i held my breath , wondering when the pain would hit , wondering if i was already dead . 
 when nothing happened , i opened my eyes . 
 keirran knelt in front of me , arm raised , blocking the knight 's sword with his own . 
 the look on his face was one of grim determination . 
 standing , he threw off the knight and glared at the others , who eased back a step but did n't lower their weapons . 
 without looking in my direction but still keeping himself between me and the knights , he turned back to the throne . 
 `` this is n't the way , my lady , '' he called . 
 cursing him mentally , i struggled to sit up , fighting the pain clawing at my arms , legs , shoulders , everywhere really . 
 keirran gave me a brief glance , as if making sure i was all right , still alive , and faced the forgotten queen again . 
 `` i sympathize with your plight , i do . 
 but i ca n't allow you to harm my family . 
 killing the brother of the iron queen would only hurt your cause , and bring the wrath of all the courts down upon you and your followers . 
 please , let him go . 
 let us both go . '' 
 the lady regarded him blankly , then raised her hand again . 
 instantly , the bone knights backed off , sheathing their weapons and returning to her side . 
 keirran still did n't look at me as he sheathed his own blade and gave a slight bow . 
 `` we 'll be taking our leave , now , '' he stated , and though his voice was polite , it was n't a question or a request . 
 `` i will think on what you said , but i ask that you do not try to stop us . '' 
 the lady did n't reply , and keirran finally bent down , putting my arm around his shoulders . 
 i was half tempted to shove him off , but i did n't know if my leg would hold . 
 besides , the room seemed to be spinning . 
 `` nice of you to finally step in , '' i growled , as he lifted us both to our feet . 
 pain flared , and i grit my teeth , glaring at him . 
 `` was that a change of heart at the end , or were you just waiting for the last dramatic moment ? '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' keirran murmured , steadying us as i stumbled . 
 `` i was hoping ... it would n't come to this . '' 
 he sighed and gave me an earnest look . 
 `` annwyl . 
 is she all right ? 
 is she safe ? '' 
 `` i already told you she was . '' 
 my leg throbbed , making my temper flare . 
 `` no thanks to you ! 
 what the hell is wrong with you , keirran ? 
 i thought you cared for annwyl , or do n't you care that they left her in a cage , all alone , while you were out here having tea with the lady or whatever the hell you were doing ? '' 
 keirran paled . 
 `` annwyl , '' he whispered , closing his eyes . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 forgive me , i did n't know ... '' opening his eyes , he gave me a pleading look . 
 `` they would n't let me see her . 
 i did n't know where she was . 
 they told me she would be killed if i did n't cooperate . '' 
 `` well , you were certainly doing that , '' i shot back , and pushed him toward one of my fallen weapons . 
 `` do n't leave my swords . 
 i want them in case your wonderful lady decides to double-cross us . '' 
 `` she would n't do that , '' keirran said , dragging me over and kneeling to pick up my blade . 
 `` she 's more honorable than you think . 
 you just have to understand what 's happened to her , what she 's trying to accomplish - '' i snatched the weapon from him and glared . 
 `` whose side are you on , anyway ? '' 
 that tortured look crossed his face again . 
 `` ethan , please ... '' `` never mind , '' i muttered , wincing as my leg started to throb . 
 `` let 's just get out of here , while i can still walk out . '' 
 we started across the floor again , but had n't gone very far when the lady 's voice rang out again . 
 `` prince keirran , '' she called . 
 `` wait , please . 
 one more thing . '' 
 keirran paused , but he did n't look back . 
 `` the killings can stop , '' the lady went on in a quiet but earnest voice . 
 `` no more exiles will be sacrificed to keep us alive , and no more half-breeds will be taken . 
 i can order my people to do this , if that is what you want . '' 
 `` yes , '' keirran said immediately , still not looking back . 
 `` it is . '' 
 `` however , '' the lady went on , `` if i do this , you must come and speak with me again . 
 one day soon i will call for you , and you must come to me , of your own free will . 
 not as a prisoner , but as a guest . 
 an equal . 
 will you give me that much , at least ? '' 
 `` keirran , '' i muttered as he paused , `` do n't listen to her . 
 she just wants you under her thumb again because you 're the son of the iron queen . 
 you know faery bargains never turn out right . '' 
 he did n't answer , staring straight ahead , at nothing . 
 `` iron prince ? '' 
 the lady 's voice was low , soothing . 
 `` what is your answer ? '' 
 `` keirran ... '' i warned . 
 his eyes hardened . 
 `` agreed , '' he called back . 
 `` you have my word . '' 
 i wanted to punch him . 
 * * * `` dammit , what is wrong with you ? '' 
 i seethed as we left the queen 's chamber . 
 `` have you forgotten what she 's done ? 
 did you happen to see all the half-breeds she 's kidnapped ? 
 did you see what they did to them , drained all their magic so they 're just shells of what they were ? 
 have you forgotten all the exiles they 've killed , just to keep themselves alive ? '' 
 he did n't answer , and i narrowed my eyes . 
 `` annwyl could 've been one of them , or are you so enamored with your new lady friend that you forgot about her , too ? '' 
 the last was a low blow , but i wanted to make him angry , get him to argue with me . 
 or at least to confirm that he had n't forgotten the atrocities committed here or what we 'd come to do . 
 but his blue eyes only got colder , though his voice remained calm . 
 `` i would n't expect a human to understand . '' 
 `` then explain it to me , '' i said through gritted teeth , though hearing him say that sent a chill up my spine . 
 `` i do n't agree with her methods , '' keirran said as two piranha-palm gnomes stepped aside for us , bowing to keirran . 
 `` but she 's only trying to achieve what every good ruler wants-the survival of her people . 
 you do n't know how horrible it is for exiles , for all of them , to face nothingness . 
 losing pieces of yourself every day , until you cease to exist . '' 
 `` and the harm she 's caused so that her people can survive ? '' 
 `` that was wrong , '' keirran agreed , furrowing his brow . 
 `` others should n't have had to die . 
 but the forgotten are only trying to live and not fade away , just like the exiles . 
 just like everyone in faery . '' 
 he sighed and turned down a side tunnel filled with crystals and bone fragments . 
 but the farther we walked , the more the gems and skeletons faded away , until the ground was just normal rock under our feet . 
 ahead , i could see the end of the tunnel and a small paved path that cut through the trees . 
 the shadows of the cavern fell away . 
 `` there has to be a way for them to survive without hurting anyone else , '' keirran muttered at last . 
 i looked at him and frowned . 
 `` and if there is n't ? '' 
 `` then we 're all going to have to choose a side . '' 
 * * * we left the cave of the forgotten and stepped into the real world from beneath a stone bridge , emerging in central park again . 
 i did n't know how long we had been in the between , but the sky overhead blazed with stars , though the air held a stillness that said it was close to dawn . 
 keirran dragged me to a green bench on the side of the trail , and i collapsed on top of it with a groan . 
 the prince hovered anxiously on the edge of the path . 
 `` how 's the leg ? '' 
 he asked , sounding faintly guilty . 
 not guilty enough , i thought sourly . 
 i prodded the gash and winced . 
 `` hurts like hell , '' i muttered , `` but at least the bleeding 's slowed down . '' 
 removing my belt , i wrapped it several times around my leg to make a rough bandage , clenching my jaw as i cinched it tight . 
 the gash on my arm was still oozing sluggishly , but i 'd have to take care of it later . 
 `` where to now ? '' 
 keirran asked . 
 `` belvedere castle , '' i replied , desperately hoping kenzie and the others were already there , waiting for us . 
 `` we agreed to meet there , when this was all over . '' 
 keirran looked around the dense woods and sighed . 
 `` any idea what direction it might be ? '' 
 `` not really , '' i gritted out and glared at him . 
 `` you 're the one with faery blood . 
 are n't you supposed to have some innate sense of direction ? '' 
 `` i 'm not a compass , '' keirran said mildly , still gazing around the forest . 
 finally , he shrugged . 
 `` well , i guess we 'll pick a trail and hope for the best . 
 can you walk ? '' 
 despite my anger , i felt a tiny twinge of relief . 
 he was starting to sound like his old self again . 
 maybe all that madness down in the lady 's throne room was because he 'd been glamoured , after all . 
 `` i 'll be fine , '' i muttered , struggling to my feet . 
 `` but i 'm going to have to tell kenzie that you 're really not at all helpful on camping trips . '' 
 he chuckled , and it sounded relieved , too . 
 `` be sure to break it to her gently , '' he said , and took my weight again . 
 fifteen minutes later , we still had no idea where we were going . 
 we were wandering up a twisty , narrow path , hoping it would take us someplace familiar , when keirran suddenly stopped . 
 a troubled look crossed his face , and i glanced around warily , wondering if i should pull my swords . 
 of course , it was going to be really awkward fighting while hopping around on one leg or leaning against keirran . 
 i had hoped our fighting was done for the night . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 i asked . 
 keirran sighed . 
 `` they 're here . '' 
 `` what ? 
 who ? '' 
 `` master ! '' 
 a familiar wail rent the night , and keirran grimaced , bracing himself , as razor hurled himself at his chest . 
 scrabbling to his shoulders , the gremlin gibbered and bounced with joy . 
 `` master , master ! 
 master safe ! '' 
 `` hey , razor . '' 
 keirran smiled , wincing helplessly as the gremlin continued to bounce on him . 
 `` yeah , i 'm happy to see you , too . 
 is the court far behind ? '' 
 i frowned at him . 
 `` court ? '' 
 they emerged from the trees all around us , dozens of sidhe knights in gleaming armor , the symbol of a great iron tree on their breastplates . 
 they slid out of the woods , amazingly silent for an army in plate mail , until they formed a glittering half circle around us . 
 leading them all was a pair of familiar faces : a dark faery dressed all in black with silver eyes , and a grinning redhead . 
 keirran stiffened beside me . 
 `` well , well , '' puck announced , smirking as he and ash approached side-by-side . 
 `` look who it is . 
 see , ice-boy , i told you they 'd be here . '' 
 ash 's glittering stare was leveled at keirran , who quickly bowed his head but , to his credit , did n't cringe or back away . 
 which took guts , i had to admit , facing down that icy glare . 
 `` are you two all right ? '' 
 from ash 's tone , i could n't tell if he was relieved , secretly amused or completely furious . 
 his gaze swept over me , quietly assessing , and his eyes narrowed . 
 `` ethan , you 're badly wounded . 
 what happened ? '' 
 `` i 'm fine . '' 
 a weak claim , i knew , as my shirt and half my pant leg were covered in blood . 
 beside me , keirran was rigid , motionless . 
 razor gave a worried buzz from his neck . 
 what 's the matter ? 
 i thought . 
 afraid i 'm going to tell daddy that you nearly let me be skewered to death ? 
 `` i got into a fight with a few guards . '' 
 i shrugged , then grimaced as the motion tore the dried wound on my shoulder . 
 `` turns out , fighting multiple opponents in armor is n't a very smart idea . '' 
 `` you think ? '' 
 puck came forward , shooing keirran away and pointing me to a nearby rock . 
 `` sit down . 
 jeez , kid , do i look like a nurse ? 
 why are you always bleeding whenever i see you ? 
 you 're worse than ice-boy . '' 
 ash ignored that comment as puck briskly started tying bandages around my various cuts and gashes , being not particularly gentle . 
 `` where are they ? '' 
 the dark faery demanded . 
 i clenched my teeth as puck yanked a strip of cloth around my arm . 
 `` there 's a trod under a bridge that will take you to their lair , '' i said , pointing back down the path . 
 `` i 'd be careful , though . 
 there 's a lot of them running around . '' 
 `` do n't hurt them , '' keirran burst out , and everyone , even razor , glanced at him in surprise . 
 `` they 're not dangerous , '' he pleaded , as i gave him an are-you-crazy look . 
 he ignored me . 
 `` they 're just ... misguided . '' 
 puck snorted , looking up from my shoulder . 
 `` sorry , but are we talking about the same creepy little faeries that tried to kill us atop the castle that night ? 
 evil gnomes , toothy hands , tried to suck out everyone 's glamour-this ringing any bells ? '' 
 he stood , wiping off his hands , and i pushed myself to my feet , gingerly putting weight on my leg . 
 it was just numb now , making me wonder what puck had done to it . 
 magic , glamour or something else ? 
 whatever it was , i was n't complaining . 
 `` the killings will stop , '' keirran insisted . 
 `` the queen promised me they would stop . '' 
 `` they have a queen ? '' 
 ash 's voice had gone soft and lethal , and even puck looked concerned . 
 keirran drew in a sharp breath , realizing his mistake . 
 `` huh , another queen , '' puck mused , an evil grin crossing his face . 
 `` maybe we should drop in and introduce ourselves , ice-boy . 
 do the whole , hey , we were just in the neighborhood , and we were just wondering if you had any plans to take over the nevernever . 
 have a fruit basket . '' 
 `` father , please . '' 
 keirran met ash 's gaze . 
 `` let them go . 
 they 're only trying to survive . '' 
 the dark faery stared keirran down a few moments , then shook his head . 
 `` we did n't come here to start a war , '' he said , and keirran relaxed . 
 `` we came here for you and ethan . 
 the courts will have to decide what to do with the emergence of another queen . 
 right now , let 's get you both out of here . 
 and , keirran - '' he glared at his son , who flinched under that icy gaze '' - this is n't over . 
 the queen will be waiting for you when we get home . 
 i hope you have a good explanation . '' 
 meghan , i thought as keirran and puck took my weight again , and we started hobbling down the path . 
 questions swirled , all centered on her and keirran . 
 i needed to talk to my sister , not just to ask about my nephew and the `` other '' side of my family , but to let her know that i understood . 
 i knew why she left us so long ago . 
 or at least , i was beginning to . 
 i could n't speak to her now , but i would , soon . 
 keirran was my way back to faery , back to my sister , because now that we 'd met , i was pretty sure not even the iron queen herself could keep him away . 
 `` ah . '' 
 puck sighed , shaking his head as we headed into the forest . 
 `` this brings back memories . '' 
 he glanced over his shoulder and grinned . 
 `` do n't they remind you of a pair , ice-boy , from way back when ? '' 
 ash snorted . 
 `` do n't remind me . '' 
 epilogue belvedere castle looked eerie and strange under the moonlight , with armored knights standing guard along the top and the banner of the iron queen flapping in the wind . 
 it was as if we 'd stepped through time into king arthur 's court or something . 
 but the small group of humans clustered on the balcony sort of ruined that image , though it was obvious they could n't see the unearthly knights milling around them . 
 occasionally one would break away from the group and walk toward the steps , though when they reached the edge they would turn and wander back , a dazed look on their face . 
 so , a glamour barrier had been placed over the castle , preventing them from going anywhere . 
 probably a good idea ; the former half-breeds did n't even know who they were and would n't survive for long , out there on their own . 
 still , it was faery magic , repressing the will of normal humans , keeping them trapped , and it made my skin crawl . 
 `` what will happen to the half-breeds now that they 're human ? '' 
 i asked as we approached the first flight of stairs , knights bowing to us on either side . 
 ash shook his head . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 gazing up at the top of the steps , he narrowed his eyes . 
 `` some of them are probably leanansidhe 's , so she might take them back , see if they regain their memories . 
 beyond that ... '' he shrugged . 
 `` some of them may have been reported missing . 
 we 'll let the human authorities know they 're here . 
 their own will have to take care of them now . '' 
 `` one of them is a friend of ours , '' i said . 
 `` he 's been missing for days . 
 we need to take him back to louisiana with us . '' 
 ash nodded . 
 `` i 'll make sure he gets home . '' 
 keirran stopped at the foot of the stairs , his breath catching . 
 i gritted my teeth as the abrupt halt jolted my leg , then followed his gaze up to where annwyl stood at the top of the steps , waiting for him . 
 i sighed and pulled my arm from his shoulders . 
 `` go on , '' i said , rolling my eyes , and he instantly leaped up the steps , taking them three at a time , until he reached the top . 
 uncaring of ash , puck or any of the surrounding knights , he pulled the summer girl into his arms and kissed her deeply , while razor jabbered with delight , beaming his manic smile at them both . 
 puck shot a look at ash , his green eyes solemn . 
 `` i told you , ice-boy . 
 that kid of yours is trouble . 
 and that 's coming from me . '' 
 ash scrubbed a hand over his face . 
 `` leanansidhe , '' he muttered , and shook his head . 
 `` so that 's where he 's been disappearing to . '' 
 he sighed , and his silver gaze narrowed . 
 `` the three of us are going to have to have a talk . '' 
 where 's kenzie ? 
 i thought , gazing up the stairs . 
 if annwyl and the former half-breeds were safe , she had to be here , too . 
 but i did n't see her near the top of the steps with keirran and annwyl , or in the cluster of humans wandering around the balcony . 
 i felt a tiny prick of hurt , that she was n't here to greet me and tried to ignore it . 
 she must have her reasons . 
 though you 'd think me standing here bleeding all over the place would warrant some type of reaction . 
 `` sire . '' 
 glitch suddenly appeared from the trees , leading another squad of knights behind him . 
 the lightning in his hair glowed purple as he bowed . 
 `` we found a second entrance to the strange faeries ' lair , '' he said solemnly , and ash nodded . 
 `` however , the cave was empty when we investigated . 
 there was evidence of other trods , leading in from various points in the park , but nothing remained of the inhabitants themselves . 
 they cleared out very recently . '' 
 i looked at ash , frowning . 
 `` you had a second squad , coming from another direction , '' i guessed . 
 he ignored me , giving glitch a brief nod . 
 `` good work . 
 though if they 've fled , there is nothing to do but wait for them to reemerge . 
 return to mag tuiredh and inform the queen . 
 tell her i will return shortly with keirran . '' 
 `` yes , sire . '' 
 glitch bowed , took his knights , and vanished into the darkness . 
 `` guess that 's our cue , as well , '' puck said , stepping away from me . 
 `` back to arcadia , then ? '' 
 `` not yet . '' 
 ash turned to gaze into the forest , his eyes solemn . 
 `` i want to do one more sweep , one last search around the cave , just in case we missed anything . '' 
 he glanced over his shoulder , smirking . 
 `` care to join me , goodfellow ? '' 
 `` oh , ice-boy . 
 a moonlight stroll with you ? 
 do you even have to ask ? '' 
 `` ethan , '' ash said , as puck gave me a friendly arm punch and sauntered into the trees , `` we 'll return in a few minutes . 
 tell keirran that if he even thinks about moving from this spot , i will freeze his legs to the floor of his room . '' 
 his eyes flashed silver , and i did n't doubt his threat . 
 `` also ... '' he sighed , glancing over my shoulder . 
 `` let him know that the summer girl probably should n't be here when we get back . 
 she 's been through enough . '' 
 surprised , i nodded . 
 huh . 
 guess you 're not a complete heartless bastard , after all , i thought grudgingly , as the dark faery turned and melted into the woods with puck . 
 i did n't think you 'd be the type to look the other way . 
 catching myself , i snorted . 
 i still do n't like you , though . 
 you can still drop dead anytime . 
 `` they wo n't find anything , '' keirran stated , a few steps away , and i turned . 
 the iron prince stood behind annwyl with his arms around her waist , gazing over her shoulder . 
 his eyes were dark as he stared into the forest . 
 `` the lady will have taken her followers and fled to another part of the between . 
 maybe she 'll never reemerge . 
 maybe we 'll never see them again . '' 
 `` i hope so . '' 
 annwyl sighed , and razor hissed in agreement . 
 but keirran continued to stare into the trees , as if he hoped the lady would step out of the shadows and call to him . 
 and , one day , she will . 
 `` where 's kenzie ? '' 
 i asked , clutching the railing as i limped up the stairs , pushing dark thoughts out of my head for now . 
 keirran and annwyl hurried down to help , but i waved away their offered hands . 
 `` i did n't see her with any of the humans , '' i continued , marching doggedly forward , up the stairs . 
 `` is she okay ? '' 
 `` she 's talking to one of the half-breeds , '' annwyl said . 
 `` todd ? 
 the smaller human . 
 i think he was starting to remember her , at least a little bit . 
 he was crying when i saw them last . '' 
 i nodded and hurried toward the top , pushing myself to go faster , though my leg was beginning to throb again . 
 as i persisted up the steps , i heard annwyl 's and keirran 's voices drift up behind me . 
 `` i think i should go , too , '' annwyl said . 
 `` while i still can , if leanansidhe even takes me back . '' 
 her voice grew softer , frightened . 
 `` i do n't know what will happen to us , keirran . 
 everyone saw ... '' `` i do n't care . '' 
 keirran 's voice was stubbornly calm . 
 `` let them exile me if they want . 
 i 'm not backing down now . 
 i 'll beg leanansidhe to take you back , if that 's what it takes . '' 
 a dark , determined note crept into his words . 
 `` i wo n't watch you fade away into nothing , '' he swore in a low voice . 
 `` there has to be a way . 
 i 'll find a way . '' 
 leaving them embracing in the middle of the stairs , i reached the balcony where the group of humans still milled aimlessly about , looking as if they were sleepwalking . 
 pushing my way through the crowd , i spotted a pair of figures sitting by the wall , one hunched over with his head buried in his knees , the other crouched beside him , a slender hand on his shoulder . 
 kenzie looked up , and her eyes widened when she saw me . 
 bending close to todd , she whispered something in his ear , and he nodded without raising his head . 
 standing , she walked across the balcony , dodged the humans that shuffled in front of her , and then we were face-to-face . 
 `` oh , ethan . '' 
 the whisper was half relief , half horror . 
 her eyes flickered to my face , the blood streaking my arm , splattered across my shirt and jeans . 
 she looked as if she wanted to hug me close but was afraid of hurting me . 
 i gave her a tired smile . 
 `` are you all right ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 i took one step toward her , so that only a breath separated us . 
 `` i 'm fine enough to do this . '' 
 and i pulled her into my arms . 
 her arms came around me instantly , hugging me back . 
 closing my eyes , i held her tight , feeling her slim body pressed against mine . 
 she clung to me fiercely , as if daring something to take me away , and i relaxed into her , feeling nothing but relief . 
 i was alive , todd was safe , and everyone i cared for was all right . 
 that was enough for now . 
 she finally pulled back , gazing up at me , tracing a shallow cut on my cheek . 
 `` hi , tough guy , '' she whispered . 
 `` looks like you made it . '' 
 i smiled . 
 taking her hand , i led her over to the railing , where the wall dropped away and we could see the pond , the forest and most of the park stretched out before us . 
 i jerked my head toward the lump huddled in the opposite corner . 
 `` how is he ? '' 
 `` todd ? '' 
 she sighed , shaking her head . 
 `` he still does n't remember me . 
 or our school . 
 or any of his friends . 
 but he said he does remember a woman , very vaguely . 
 his mom , i hope . 
 he started crying after that , so i could n't get much more out of him . '' 
 she leaned against the railing , resting her arms on the ledge . 
 `` i hope he can get back to normal . '' 
 `` me , too , '' i said , though i seriously doubted it . 
 how could you be normal again when a huge piece of you had been stripped away ? 
 was there even a cure , a remedy , something that could restore a creature 's glamour , once it had been lost ? 
 i suddenly realized the irony : here i was , wishing i could give someone back their magic , to return them to the world of faery , when a few days ago i did n't want anything to do with the fey . 
 when did i change so much ? 
 kenzie sighed again , gazing out over the pond . 
 the moonlight gleamed off her hair , outlining her slender body , casting a hazy light around her . 
 and i knew . 
 i knew exactly when i had changed . 
 it started the day i met you . 
 `` it sure has been a crazy week , '' she murmured , resting her chin on the back of her hands . 
 `` getting kidnapped , being chased around the nevernever , faeries and forgotten and talking cats . 
 things will seem very dull when we go home . '' 
 she groaned , hiding her face in her arms . 
 `` god , we are going to be in sooooooo much trouble when we get back . '' 
 i stepped behind her , putting my hands on her waist . 
 `` yeah , '' i agreed , making her groan again . 
 `` so let 's not think about that right now . '' 
 there would be plenty of time to worry about the trouble we were in , the forgotten , the lady , kenzie 's disease and keirran 's promise . 
 right now , i did n't want to think about them . 
 the only thing on my mind was a promise of my own . 
 i wrapped my arms around kenzie 's waist and brought my lips close to her ear . 
 `` remember what i promised you ? '' 
 i murmured . 
 `` down in the cave ? '' 
 she froze for a second , then turned slowly , her eyes wide and luminous in the moonlight . 
 smiling , i drew her close , slipping one arm around her waist , the other sliding up to her neck . 
 i lowered my head as her eyes fluttered shut . 
 and on that balcony under the stars , in front of everyone who might be watching , i kissed her . 
 and for the first time , i was n't afraid . 
