 chapter one there are rules for hiding in plain sight . 
 the first rule , or at least the one that sandor repeats most often , is `` do n't be stupid . '' 
 i 'm about to break that rule by taking off my pants . 
 spring in chicago is my favorite season . 
 the winters are cold and windy , the summers hot and loud , the springs perfect . 
 this morning is sunny , but there 's still a forbidding chill in the air , a reminder of winter . 
 ice-cold spray blows in off lake michigan , stinging my cheeks and dampening the pavement under my sneakers . 
 i jog all eighteen miles of the lakefront path every morning , taking breaks whenever i can , not because i need them , but to admire the choppy gray-blue water of lake michigan . 
 even when it 's cold , i always think about diving in , of swimming to the other side . 
 i fight the urge just like i fight the urge to keep pace with the neon spandex cyclists that zip past . 
 i have to go slow . 
 there are more than two million people in this city and i 'm faster than all of them . 
 still , i have to jog . 
 sometimes , i make the run twice to really work up a sweat . 
 that 's another one of sandor 's rules for hiding in plain sight : always appear to be weaker than i actually am . 
 never push it . 
 it 's dumb to complain . 
 we 've been in chicago for five years thanks to sandor 's rules . 
 five years of peace and quiet . 
 five years since the mogadorians last had a real bead on us . 
 five years of steadily increasing boredom . 
 so when a sudden vibration stirs the ipod strapped to my upper arm , my stomach drops . 
 the device is n't supposed to react unless trouble is near . 
 i take just a moment to decide on what i do next . 
 i know it 's a risk . 
 i know it flies against everything i 've been told to do . 
 but i also know that risks are worth it ; i know that sometimes you have to ignore your training . 
 so i jog to the side of the runner 's path , pretending that i need to work out a cramp . 
 when i 'm finished stretching , i unsnap the tear-away track pants i 've been rocking every jog since we moved to chicago and stuff them into my pack . 
 underneath i 'm wearing a pair of mesh shorts , red and white like the st. louis cardinals , enemy colors here in chicago . 
 but cards colors in cubs territory are nothing to worry about compared to the three scars ringing my ankle . 
 baseball rivalries and bloody interplanetary vendettas just do n't compare . 
 my low socks and running shoes do little to hide the scars . 
 anyone nearby could see them , although i doubt my fellow runners are in the habit of checking out each other 's ankles . 
 only the particular runner i 'm trying to attract today will really notice . 
 when i start jogging again , my heart is beating way harder than normal . 
 excitement . 
 it 's been a while since i felt anything like this . 
 i 'm breaking sandor 's rule and it 's exhilarating . 
 i just hope he is n't watching me through the city 's police cameras that he 's hacked into . 
 that would be bad . 
 my ipod rumbles again . 
 it 's not actually an ipod . 
 it does n't play any music and the earbuds are just for show . 
 it 's a gadget that sandor put together in his lab . 
 it 's my mogadorian detector . 
 i call it my imog . 
 the imog has its limitations . 
 it picks out mogadorian genetic patterns in the immediate area , but only has a radius of a few blocks and is prone to interference . 
 it 's fueled by mogadorian genetic material , which has a habit of rapidly decaying ; so it 's no surprise that the imog can get a little hinky . 
 as sandor explains it , the device is something we received when we first arrived from lorien , from a human loric friend . 
 sandor has spent considerable time trying to modify it . 
 it was his idea to encase it in an ipod shell as a way to avoid attention . 
 there 's no track list or album art on my imog 's screen-just a solitary white dot against a field of black . 
 that 's me . 
 i 'm the white dot . 
 the last time we tuned it up was after the most recent time we were attacked , scraping mogadorian ash off our clothes so sandor could synthesize it or stabilize it or some scientific stuff i only half paid attention to . 
 our rule is that if the imog sounds off , we get moving . 
 it 's been so long since it 's activated itself that i 'd started to worry that the thing had gone dead . 
 and then , during my run a couple days ago , it went off . 
 one solitary red dot trolling the lakefront . 
 i hustled home that day , but i did n't tell sandor what had happened . 
 at best , there 'd be no more runs on the lakefront . 
 at worst , we 'd be packing up boxes . 
 and i did n't want either of those things to happen . 
 maybe that 's when i first broke the `` do n't be stupid '' rule . 
 when i started keeping things from my cepan . 
 the device is now vibrating and beeping because of the red dot that 's fallen into step a few yards behind me . 
 vibrating and beeping in tune with my accelerated heartbeat . 
 a mogadorian . 
 i hazard a glance over my shoulder and have no trouble picking out which jogger is the mog . 
 he 's tall , with black hair shaved close to the scalp , and is wearing a thrift-store bears sweatshirt and a pair of wraparound sunglasses . 
 he could pass for human if he was n't so pale , his face not showing any color even in this brisk air . 
 i pick up my pace but do n't bother trying to get away . 
 why make it easy on him ? 
 i want to see whether this mog can keep up . 
 by the time i exit the lakefront and head for home , i realize i might have been a little cocky . 
 he 's good-better than i expect him to be . 
 but i 'm better . 
 still , as i pick up speed , i feel my heart racing from exertion for the first time in as long as i can remember . 
 he 's gaining on me , and my breaths are getting shorter . 
 i 'm okay for now , but i wo n't be able to keep this up forever . 
 i double-check the imog . 
 luckily my stalker has n't called in backup . 
 it 's still just the one red dot . 
 just us . 
 tuning out the noise of the city around us-yuppie couples headed to brunch , happy tourist families cracking jokes about the wind-i focus on the mog , using my naturally enhanced hearing to listen to his breathing . 
 he 's getting winded too ; his breathing is ragged now . 
 but his footsteps are still in sync with my own . 
 i listen for anything that sounds like him going for a communicator , ready to break into a sprint if he sends out an alert . 
 he does n't . 
 i can feel his eyes boring into my back . 
 he thinks that i have n't noticed him . 
 smug , exhausted , and dumb . 
 he 's just what i 'd been hoping for . 
 the john hancock center rises above us . 
 the sun blinks off the skyscraper 's thousand windows . 
 one hundred stories and , at the top , my home . 
 the mog hesitates as i breeze through the front door , then follows . 
 he catches up to me as i cross the lobby . 
 even though i 'd been expecting it , i stiffen when i feel the cold barrel of a small mogadorian blaster pressed between my shoulder blades . 
 `` keep walking , '' he hisses . 
 although i know he ca n't hurt me while i 'm protected by the loric charm , i play along . 
 i let him think he 's in control . 
 i smile and wave at the security guards manning the front desk . 
 with the mog dogging my heels , we climb into the elevator . 
 alone at last . 
 the mog keeps his gun aimed at me as i hit the button for the 100th floor . 
 i 'm more nervous than i thought i 'd be . 
 i 've never been alone with a mog before . 
 i remind myself that everything is going just as i planned it . 
 as the elevator begins its ascent , i act as casual as i can . 
 `` did you have a nice run ? '' 
 the mog grabs me around the throat and slams me against the wall of the elevator . 
 i brace myself to have the wind knocked out of me . 
 instead , a warm sensation runs down my back and it 's the mog who stumbles backward , gasping . 
 the loric charm at work . 
 i 'm always surprised at how well it works . 
 `` so you are n't number four , '' he says . 
 `` you 're quick . '' 
 `` which are you ? '' 
 `` i could tell you . '' 
 i shrug . 
 `` i do n't see what it would matter . 
 but i 'll let you guess . '' 
 he eyes me , sizing me up , trying to intimidate me . 
 i do n't know what the rest of the garde are like , but i do n't scare that easy . 
 i take off the imog , laying it gently on the floor . 
 if the mog finds this unusual , he does n't let on . 
 i wonder what the prize is for capturing a garde . 
 `` i may not know your number , but i know you can look forward to a life of captivity while we kill the rest of your friends . 
 do n't worry , '' he adds , `` it wo n't be long . '' 
 `` good story , '' i reply , glancing up at the elevator panel . 
 we 're almost at the top . 
 i dreamed about this moment last night . 
 actually , that 's not quite right . 
 i could n't sleep last night , too keyed up for what was to come . 
 i fantasized about this moment . 
 i make sure to savor my words . 
 `` here 's the thing , '' i tell him . 
 `` you 're not making it out of here alive . '' 
 chapter two before the mog can react , i punch a series of buttons on the elevator panel . 
 it 's a sequence of buttons that no one in the tower would ever have reason to push , a sequence that sandor programmed to initiate the security measures he installed into the elevator . 
 the elevator vibrates . 
 the trap is activated . 
 my imog floats off the floor and , with a metallic clang , sticks to the back wall of the elevator . 
 before the mog can blink , he 's flung backward too , pulled by the blaster in his hand and whatever other metal objects he might be hiding in his pockets . 
 with a crunch , his hand is pinned between his blaster and the wall . 
 he cries out . 
 did he really think we would n't have protected our home ? 
 the powerful magnet sandor installed in the elevator is just one of the fail-safes my cepan secretly built into the john hancock center . 
 i 've never seen the magnet work as intended before , but i 've definitely screwed around with it enough . 
 i 've spent hours with the elevator door wedged open , the magnet on , trying to bounce nickels from across the penthouse and get them to stick to the walls . 
 like i said , things have been kind of boring lately . 
 it was a good game until the tenants on the lower levels started complaining . 
 the mog tries to wiggle his fingers-which are most certainly broken now-from underneath the blaster to no avail . 
 he tries to kick at me , but i just laugh and hop away . 
 that 's the best he can do ? 
 `` what is this ? '' 
 he cries . 
 before i can answer , the elevator doors hiss open and there is sandor . 
 i 've never understood my cepan 's affinity for expensive italian suits . 
 they ca n't be comfortable . 
 yet here he is , not even noon on a saturday morning , and he 's already dressed to the nines . 
 his beard is freshly trimmed , clipped close . 
 his hair is slicked back perfectly . 
 it 's like sandor was expecting company . 
 i wonder if he was watching my run on the lakefront , and my stomach drops at the thought . 
 i 'm going to be in deep trouble . 
 sandor is twisting a silencer into the barrel of a sleek 9mm . 
 he glances at me , his expression inscrutable , then stares hard at the mog . 
 `` are you alone ? '' 
 the mog jerks against the magnet again . 
 `` he 's alone , '' i answer . 
 sandor shoots me a look , and then pointedly repeats his question . 
 `` you expect me to answer that ? '' 
 snarls the mog . 
 i can tell sandor is pissed . 
 but the mog 's answer causes a glimmer of humor to flash in my cepan 's eyes . 
 sandor 's mouth twitches , like he 's fighting a laugh . 
 i 've sat through enough of my cepan 's beloved james bond movie collection to know this mog just provided a perfect one-liner opportunity . 
 `` no , '' sandor says . 
 `` i expect you to die . '' 
 sandor raises the gun before looking at me again . 
 `` you brought him here , '' he says . 
 `` your kill . '' 
 i swallow hard . 
 i planned this whole thing out . 
 it 's been all i could think about since that red dot appeared on my imog a couple days ago . 
 still , i 've never killed one before . 
 i do n't feel sympathy for the bastard . 
 it 's not that at all . 
 but this feels like a big deal . 
 taking a life , even if it is only a mogadorian . 
 will it change me ? 
 whatever . 
 i grab for sandor 's gun , but he yanks it away . 
 `` not like that , '' he says , and drops the gun . 
 i do n't let it hit the ground . 
 my telekinesis developed last month and we 've been practicing with it ever since . 
 i take a deep breath , focusing my mind , steeling myself . 
 i levitate the gun until it is level with the mog 's head . 
 he sneers at me . 
 `` you do n't have the ba - '' with my mind , i squeeze the trigger . 
 the gun releases a muffled thwip . 
 the bullet strikes the mog right between the eyes . 
 seconds later , he 's a pile of ash on the elevator floor . 
 sandor plucks the gun out of the air . 
 i can tell he 's studying me , but i ca n't take my eyes off the remains of the mogadorian . 
 `` clean that mess up , '' says sandor . 
 `` then , we need to talk . '' 
 chapter three i clean up what remains of the mog as quickly as i can , not wanting to deal with building security wondering what 's keeping the elevator . 
 i scoop some of the ash into a plastic sandwich bag for sandor . 
 he might want it for one of his experiments . 
 for some reason , my hands wo n't stop shaking . 
 i figure it 's because i 'm rushing , that the shaking will stop once i 'm done cleaning the elevator , but it does n't . 
 it only gets worse . 
 i stagger out of the elevator into the living room of our penthouse , and collapse onto a white suede couch . 
 yes , i killed the mog . 
 yes , it was even easier than i thought it would be . 
 but it did n't feel how i thought it would . 
 something could have gone wrong . 
 i ca n't shake the feeling of that mog 's fingers on my throat . 
 even though he could n't hurt me , the sensation lingers . 
 as the adrenaline drains away , all i can think about is what a stupid idea it was to engage the mog . 
 i 'd wanted some action . 
 i tried to be suave like the spies in those bond movies . 
 i think i put up a good front , not that the mog will ever be able to tell anyone how badass i acted . 
 my head swims as i gaze up at the gold chandelier that presides over the living room . 
 i put this whole place at risk . 
 everything we 've amassed in our years of safety , our home . 
 most importantly , sandor himself . 
 i do n't feel like celebrating ; i feel like puking . 
 even now , sandor could be packing our bags . 
 we could be headed back on the road . 
 before chicago , all we did was travel . 
 it was always hotels and motels . 
 sandor never wanted to put down roots . 
 he 's not much of a housekeeper-doesn ' t cook or clean-our needs were fulfilled by grouchy maids and room service . 
 we spent a couple months at the ritz-carlton in aspen . 
 i learned to ski . 
 sandor spent his time charming snow bunnies next to the fire . 
 we spent some time in south america , eating the best steaks in the world . 
 our cover story was always the same as it is here in chicago : sandor is a day trader who hit a hot streak and now lives comfortably , and i 'm his latchkey nephew . 
 i liked aspen . 
 it was good to be outdoors without having to worry about a crush of people and which ones might be hostile aliens . 
 after aspen it was a roach motel on the outskirts of denver . 
 i learned to judge how safe sandor thought we were by the luxuriousness of our accommodations . 
 although we could afford to live anywhere , thanks to the precious gems the nine cepans had left lorien with , nice hotels meant sandor thought we were safe enough to live it up a little ; flea-bitten rattraps meant it was more important to lie low . 
 if i 'm being honest , i liked that place too . 
 that was where sandor tinkered with the vibrating bed , making it powerful enough to almost toss me to the ceiling . 
 we moved whenever the hotel staff got to know us too well . 
 as soon as we became a fixture , it was time to move on . 
 that never helped . 
 the mogs always caught up with us . 
 the last stop before chicago was at a trucker motel in vancouver . 
 i still do n't know how we got away that time . 
 it was bad . 
 five mogs took us by surprise there . 
 sandor had built weapons to keep us safe-flash bombs to blind the mogs , a remote-control helicopter with a very real gun attached-and still we were almost overwhelmed . 
 sandor got slashed by one of their daggers during the fight and barely had the strength to drive us south to white rock . 
 there , i sat by his bedside for a week while he slipped in and out of consciousness , his fever bad enough that i thought he might have set the sheets on fire if they were n't so soaked with his sweat . 
 when he came to , sandor decided there 'd be no more running . 
 `` we 're going to try something different , '' he told me . 
 `` we 've got the money . 
 might as well use it . '' 
 i did n't know what he meant . 
 `` we 're going to hide in plain sight . '' 
 and we used the money . 
 the two-floor penthouse sandor purchased in the john hancock center is like something out of that reality tv show where the celebrities show off their glamorous houses . 
 as if installing a fish tank over their king-sized bed is going to help them when the mogadorian invasion comes . 
 nothing wrong with fish tanks and hot tubs , but none of that stuff 's any good without weapons . 
 i know sandor loves it in chicago-and so do i . 
 but sometimes i miss those days on the road . 
 sometimes it seems like we should be doing more than just training . 
 the half-dozen flat - screen televisions , the personal chef , the fully equipped gym ; all this has only made me feel soft . 
 now , though , watching the sun glint off the angles of the chandelier , i realize how badly i do n't want to leave this place . 
 i rushed things . 
 yes , i want to take my place with the other garde . 
 i want to kill every mog i can find . 
 but for as restless as i 've felt lately , i should probably try to enjoy my home for as long as i still have one . 
 eventually , my life will be nothing but fighting . 
 am i ready for that ? 
 i take a deep breath and pick myself up . 
 the panic i felt before is gone , replaced by a sense of dread . 
 i head down the hall to sandor 's workshop to face the music . 
 chapter four when i walk into his workshop , sandor is glued to an array of flat-screen monitors behind his desk . 
 various camera feeds from around the city are on display , archived footage from this morning frozen in time . 
 i 'm not surprised to see that i 'm on every screen , the mog from the lakefront visible behind me . 
 with a few quick keystrokes , sandor deletes the video files , erasing my exploits from chicago 's memory banks . 
 when he 's finished with his hacking , there will be no evidence left of what i did this morning . 
 sandor swivels around to face me . 
 `` i get why you did it , dude . 
 i really do . '' 
 my cepan peers at me , an array of frayed circuit boards and dismembered computer parts spread out on the desk between us . 
 stacks of unfinished or abandoned projects leave only a narrow path of floor between door and desk ; half-finished automatons , tricked-out weapons plucked from our arsenal , gutted car engines , and dozens of things i ca n't even identify . 
 sandor loves his toys , which is probably why he 's developed such an affinity for batman . 
 sometimes he even calls me his `` young ward , '' quoting bruce wayne . 
 i could never get into comics-too unrealistic-but i get that when he says it it 's some kind of joke . 
 there 's no joking now . 
 this is sandor trying to be serious . 
 i can tell by the way he drags his hand over his beard , searching for words . 
 he hates that beard , but it hides the scar that the mogs gave him in vancouver . 
 `` just because i understand does n't mean what you did was n't stupid and reckless , '' he continues . 
 `` does this mean we have to move ? '' 
 i ask , wanting to cut to the chase . 
 by the look on his face , i can tell sandor did n't even consider this . 
 he 's spooked , but moving never crossed his mind . 
 `` and leave all this ? '' 
 he gestures to the piles of in-progress gadgets . 
 `` no . 
 we 've worked too hard to set this place up to abandon it at the first sign of trouble . 
 and the mog was alone . 
 i do n't think our cover 's blown quite yet . 
 but you need to promise me you wo n't bring home any more guests . '' 
 `` i promise , '' i say , flashing a boy scout sign i picked up from some television show . 
 sandor smirks . 
 `` it did get me to thinking , '' he says , standing up . 
 `` maybe you 're ready to take your training to the next level . '' 
 i stifle a groan . 
 sometimes it feels like all i do is train , probably because all i do is train . 
 before my telekinesis developed , it was endless days of strength training and cardio , broken up by what sandor calls `` practical academics . '' 
 no history or literature , just more skills that i could potentially use in the field . 
 how many kids know how to set a broken bone or which household chemicals will create an improvised explosion ? 
 whatever complaint i might have made goes unvoiced when sandor brushes aside a pile of junk to reveal my loric chest . 
 he rarely opens it and i 've only seen him use a few of its items . 
 i 've been waiting for the day to learn everything that it contains and how to use them . 
 maybe i should 've lured a mog to our hideout sooner . 
 `` are you serious ? '' 
 i ask , still half expecting to be punished . 
 he nods . 
 `` your legacies are developing . 
 it 's time . '' 
 together , we open the lock on the chest . 
 i jostle in next to sandor , trying to reach my hands inside . 
 so many new toys to play with-i see some kind of spiky green ball and an oblong crystal that gives off a faint glow-but sandor elbows me aside . 
 `` when you 're ready , '' he cautions , indicating the shiny mysteries waiting inside my chest . 
 sandor hands me a plain-looking silver pipe , probably the most boring item in the whole chest , then snaps the chest closed before i can see anything else . 
 `` pretty soon your other legacies will have developed . 
 that means the rest of the garde-the surviving ones , anyway-will be developing theirs too . '' 
 i push aside the memory of the panic attack i had after killing the mog . 
 but sandor is looking at me with a steely glint in his eyes . 
 he 's not playing around . 
 `` this might be fun now , but it wo n't be a game forever . 
 it will be war . 
 it is war . 
 if you want me to treat you like an adult , you need to understand that . '' 
 `` i understand , '' i say . 
 and i do . 
 i think . 
 i turn the pipe over in my hands . 
 `` what does this do ? '' 
 before i can answer , the pipe extends into a full-length staff . 
 sandor takes a step back as i accidentally knock a hollowed-out computer onto the floor . 
 `` you hit things with it , '' says sandor , glancing worriedly at his fragile gadgets . 
 `` preferably mogs . '' 
 i twirl the staff over my head . 
 somehow it feels natural , like an extension of myself . 
 `` awesome . '' 
 `` also , i think it 's time you started going to school . '' 
 my jaw drops . 
 in all those years traveling , sandor never bothered to enroll me in school . 
 once we were settled in chicago , i broached the subject , but sandor did n't want to distract me from my training . 
 there was a time when i would have killed to go to school , to be normal . 
 now , the idea of mixing with human kids my own age , of trying to pass as one of them , is nearly as daunting as taking down a mog . 
 sandor slaps me on the shoulder , pleased with himself . 
 then he hits a button on the underside of his desk . 
 a bookshelf littered with dusty electronics manuals makes a sudden hydraulic hiss and slides into the ceiling . 
 a secret room , one even i was unaware of . 
 `` step into the lecture hall , my young ward , '' intones my cepan . 
 chapter five what sandor calls the lecture hall is n't like the classrooms that i 've seen on tv . 
 there are no desks , no places to sit at all , really , with the exception of a cockpit-looking chair built into one wall . 
 sandor calls it the lectern , and he climbs into the seat behind a control panel of blinking buttons and gauges . 
 the room is about the size of our expansive living room , all white , every surface tiled with what looks to be retractable panels . 
 my footsteps echo as i walk to the center of the room . 
 `` how long have you been working on this ? '' 
 `` since we moved in , '' he replies , flicking a series of levers on the lectern . 
 i can feel the room hum to life beneath my feet . 
 `` why did n't you tell me ? '' 
 `` you were n't ready before , '' says sandor . 
 `` but you proved to me today that you 're ready now . 
 it 's time to begin the last phase of your training . '' 
 i 'd lured the mog to our penthouse because i wanted to show sandor that i was ready for more action . 
 i 'd wanted to show him that i could act independently , that i could be his partner . 
 no more of his `` young ward '' crap . 
 but this is just more of the same . 
 i thought i was ready to graduate . 
 instead , sandor has decided to stick me in summer school . 
 just a few minutes ago i was worried i 'd made a bad decision of life-altering magnitude . 
 now , listening to sandor patronize me , i 'm reminded why i stayed up all night planning that mog 's demise . 
 for all his big serious pep talk , sandor just does n't get me . 
 i regretted the possibility that i 'd put this place in danger to prove my readiness , but the more i watch sandor play around with his gadgets and levers , the less sorry i feel about what i did . 
 `` shall we begin ? '' 
 he asks . 
 i nod , not really paying attention . 
 i 'm tired of play-fighting . 
 i got a taste of the real thing this morning and it might not have gone exactly as i expected , but it was still better than this . 
 hell , real school with soft human kids would be more exciting . 
 i 'm part of the garde . 
 i have a destiny , a life to start leading . 
 how many stupid training sessions will i have to endure before sandor lets me start living it ? 
 a panel on the front of the lectern opens , discharging a trio of steel ball bearings at fastball speed . 
 i easily deflect them with my telekinesis . 
 this trick is played out . 
 sandor 's been shooting objects at me pretty much nonstop since my telekinesis developed . 
 before the first trio can hit the ground , though , two more panels open in the walls on either side of me , both firing more projectiles . 
 caught in a crossfire , i use my telekinesis to ground the ones to my left , instinctively swinging my pipe-staff in a tight arc to bat away the others . 
 `` good ! '' 
 shouts sandor . 
 `` use all your weapons . '' 
 i shrug . 
 `` is that it ? '' 
 sandor sends another volley of projectiles my way . 
 this time i do n't even bother with my telekinesis . 
 i use the pipe-staff to deflect two of them , quickly spinning away from the others . 
 `` how does the staff feel ? '' 
 i twirl my new weapon effortlessly from hand to hand . 
 it feels natural , like a part of myself i did n't know was missing before today . 
 `` i like it . '' 
 `` on lorien , they held competitions with those things . 
 they called them jousts . 
 in his younger days , your father was a champion . '' 
 it 's rare for sandor to mention life before the mogadorian invasion , but before i can grill him further , a section of the wall juts out at me like a battering ram . 
 it 's too heavy to stop with my telekinesis , so i throw my weight into it and roll across it . 
 i land on my feet , supporting myself with my staff , and am greeted by a floating drone that looks like something sandor made by attaching a helicopter propeller to a blender . 
 before i can properly size up the drone , it bobs in close and zaps me with an electrical shock that sends me tumbling back over the battering ram . 
 the shock is n't enough to really hurt me , but it sends pins and needles through my limbs . 
 sandor laughs , delighted that one of his creations scored a hit . 
 his laughter just makes me angry . 
 i hop back to my feet , only to immediately duck another volley of projectiles . 
 meanwhile , the drone has bobbed out of staff range . 
 i focus on it with my telekinesis . 
 from behind , a heavy punching bag on a chain detaches from the ceiling , slamming into me with the weight of a grown man . 
 the wind is knocked out of me and i crash to the ground . 
 my face hits the floor in the fall . 
 instead of seeing stars , i see droplets of blood from my split lip pooling on the polished white floor . 
 i wipe my face and scramble to one knee . 
 sandor looks at me from behind his control panel , an eyebrow raised mockingly . 
 `` had enough ? '' 
 still seeing red , i snarl and make a lunge for the drone . 
 it 's not fast enough . 
 i impale it with my staff in a shower of sparks . 
 i shake the broken drone off the end of my staff and stare at sandor . 
 `` is that all you 've got ? '' 
 chapter six the workout in the lecture hall lasts two hours . 
 two hours of flying ball bearings , electrified drones made of scrap heap parts and whatever else sandor thinks to throw at me . 
 at some point , my mind shuts off and i just react . 
 i 'm pouring sweat , my muscles ache , but it 's a welcome relief not to think for a while . 
 when it 's over , sandor pats me on the back . 
 i hit the showers and stand under the hot water until my fingertips are wrinkled . 
 it 's dark when i emerge from my bathroom . 
 i can smell chinese takeout in the kitchen , but i 'm not ready to join sandor yet . 
 he 'll want to talk about the training session , about what i could be doing differently and better . 
 he wo n't mention this morning 's mog killing . 
 just like anytime we argue , it 'll get ignored until we cool down and forget about it . 
 i do n't want to start the routine yet , so i stay hidden in my room . 
 the lights in my bedroom turn on automatically , motion sensors detecting my presence . 
 if i had any friends , i 'm sure they 'd be sick with envy of my room . 
 i have a king-sized bed that faces a 52-inch flat-screen television , and the tv is hooked up to all three of the major video game systems . 
 there 's an awesome stereo , with speakers mounted into the walls . 
 my laptop sits on my desk next to the beretta that sandor lets me keep in here for emergencies . 
 i catch sight of myself in the mirror . 
 i 'm wrapped in a towel , and can see the bruises and scrapes on my torso and arms , all courtesy of today 's training . 
 it 's not a pretty sight . 
 i turn off the lights and walk over to the floor-to-ceiling windows . 
 i press my forehead to the cool glass and look down at the city of chicago . 
 from this height , you can actually see the wind as it whips by the blinking lights on building rooftops . 
 there 's nonstop movement below-cars plodding along , blobs of ant-sized humans darting between them . 
 i did something reckless today because i thought it would prove something . 
 instead , it 's just sucked me in deeper to the same routine . 
 sandor thought he was rewarding me with that lecture hall session , but really it was just more monotony . 
 i turn my gaze away from the masses of people below , out toward the dark sheet of lake michigan . 
 if one of my legacies turns out to be flying , i 'm just going to take off , go someplace where there are no mogadorians , no cepans telling me what to do , no anything except me and sky . 
 but i ca n't fly , at least not yet . 
 i get dressed and join sandor for dinner . 
 chapter seven a few nights later , i dream of lorien . 
 i feel energy course through me , almost like working out in the lecture hall , but different . 
 it 's a giddy feeling , like a never-ending sugar rush . 
 in the dream i 'm a kid . 
 younger than i can even remember being . 
 and man , am i running . 
 i 'm booking it through the woods , my legs pumping for all they 're worth . 
 two creatures that look like wolves but which have massive falcon wings jutting out of their backs are nipping at my heels . 
 chimra . 
 my chimra it has rained recently and the ground squishes under my bare feet . 
 i break into a recessed clearing that 's slick with bright white mud . 
 the closest chimera clips my heel and i go tumbling onto my stomach , rolling through the mud , covering my clothes and face . 
 the chimera stands over me , pinning me as i pant and catch my breath . 
 he leans down and sloppily licks my cheek . 
 i laugh harder than i can remember laughing in a long time . 
 the other chimera cocks his head back and howls . 
 i roll between the chimera 's legs and hop to my feet . 
 i lunge at him with a guttural war cry that strains my lungs . 
 i wrap my arms around his neck , burying my face in his fur , and try to swing my leg over his back . 
 the other chimera gently bites the seat of my pants and pulls me back into the mud . 
 i dig my fingers into the wet dirt , then lob two misshapen balls of slime at the chimera , the stuff splattering across their snouts . 
 they howl . 
 springing to my feet , i run back the way we came . 
 the chimera race behind me as i weave through the trees . 
 i might not remember lorien , but the young body i 'm in knows it well . 
 i 'm just along for the ride as my young self tromps through stalks of knee-high grass , bare feet knowing just when to hop over errant tree roots to avoid tripping . 
 a campfire appears in front of me . 
 sitting by it , a burly man with a bushy black beard cooks our dinner over the fire , his sleeves rolled up past his thick forearms . 
 somehow , i know his face . 
 my grandfather . 
 next to him is a fresh-faced man i do n't immediately recognize . 
 he 's dressed way too nicely for the outdoors . 
 it 's sandor . 
 i guess i never realized how young he was when we were on lorien . 
 my grandfather sees me coming , grinning , and has the good sense to get out of the way . 
 sandor is n't paying attention ; he 's got his eyes glued to some kind of mobile communicator . 
 probably messaging a girl back in the capital about watching the fireworks later . 
 some things do n't change . 
 i tackle him around the knees , dragging him down into the dirt , my mud becoming his mud . 
 he cries out , the comm flying from his grip . 
 i sit on his chest , my arms folded . 
 `` conquered , '' i declare . 
 `` not yet , pal , '' sandor replies , his eyes lighting up . 
 he grabs me under the armpits and lifts me up , spinning . 
 in the distance , from the direction of the city , there comes a low rumbling . 
 with that , my grandfather accidentally drops our dinner into the fire . 
 i wake up feeling happy and sad at the same time . 
 chapter eight it 's been a week since my last visit to the lakefront and there has n't been so much as a peep from the imog . 
 i get up at dawn to find sandor already sitting at the kitchen counter , holding a cup of coffee . 
 that 's unusual . 
 my cepan normally prefers to sleep until mid-morning , sometimes not even waking up until i 've returned from my run . 
 he 's always been a night owl , and it 's only gotten worse since we moved to chicago . 
 i know that sometimes he slips out at night and comes home smelling like perfume and booze . 
 i do n't ask him about these trips just like he does n't ask about my runs . 
 i guess we just both need some private time-although he apparently has been keeping an eye on my private time , if the video footage he had on screen the other day is any indication . 
 i study his face . 
 the bags under his eyes , the growth of beard hiding his scar ; i try to find some resemblance to the young man i saw in my dream , but that person is gone . 
 i never thought about the fact that sandor had a life before he came here . 
 i do n't remember lorien-at least i thought i did n't - but i know sandor remembers it . 
 he must miss it . 
 i wonder if he still sees a giddy , mud-covered menace when he looks at me . 
 probably not . 
 sandor notices that i 'm wearing my running clothes . 
 we agreed to keep a low profile for a while , but i ca n't stand another day trapped in here with just the lecture hall , video games , and overwatched spy movies to pass the time . 
 `` going for your run ? '' 
 he asks . 
 i grunt a yes , acting casual as i slug back some orange juice from the container . 
 `` i do n't think that 's a great idea . '' 
 i turn to face him . 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 `` need i remind you that last week you brought home a mog from the lakefront ? 
 maybe it 's time to change things up . '' 
 i slam the refrigerator door harder than i mean to , rattling our vast assortment of condiments and takeout containers . 
 `` i 'm not staying cooped up in here all day , '' i state . 
 `` you think i 'm not tired of looking at that sour mug of yours twenty-four/seven ? '' 
 asks sandor , arching an eyebrow . 
 `` think again . '' 
 he reaches onto the counter and hands me a laminated card . 
 `` i got you this . '' 
 the card is a membership for something called the windy city wall . 
 there 's an unsmiling picture of me in the bottom corner of the card next to my most recent alias-stanley worthington . 
 `` i thought it might be good for you to get out and meet some people that are n't mogadorian scouts . 
 lately you seem sort of ... '' he trails off , rubbing his beard , not sure how to proceed . 
 `` thanks , '' i reply , and jog out the door before he can finish his thought , eager to escape . 
 neither of us have ever been much for sappy heart-to-hearts . 
 i 'd prefer to keep it that way . 
 the windy city wall is a sprawling rec center about twenty minutes from the john hancock center . 
 i probably passed it a hundred times before today , but i 'd never once considered going inside . 
 these kinds of places were reserved for humans . 
 and besides , i had plenty of training equipment back home . 
 after all these years , why had sandor chosen now to sign me up for something like this ? 
 now i wish that i 'd let him finish his thought and tell me what i `` seem '' like lately . 
 there 's a smiley tour guide at the front desk who shows me around the center . 
 there are basketball courts , a pool , and a gym that i 'm surprised to find is as well-equipped as ours . 
 besides all that normal ymca-type stuff , there are also a variety of obstacles courses , with cargo nets and old rubber tires meant to simulate various natural obstructions . 
 and then , of course , there is the wall . 
 it 's no wonder the rec center takes its name from it , because it 's absolutely huge , dominating an entire side of the building and rising up some forty feet from floor to ceiling . 
 the rock is fake , and obviously there 's no blue sky in this warehouse-like building , but there 's still something majestic about the wall . 
 when my tour guide is done rambling , i head straight for it , and take my place in one of the lines , behind a bunch of kids that look just a little older than me . 
 above us , a boy that i take for about seventeen is stuck in the middle of the wall , casting around desperately for a handhold . 
 he ca n't find one , and after a few seconds of flailing he drops off , his descent slowed by a safety line and cushioned by a pillowy mat . 
 `` is this your first time ? '' 
 i glance over my shoulder . 
 a tall blond-haired boy about my age is smirking at me . 
 i nod . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` this is the advanced end . 
 you probably want to start with easy . '' 
 `` no , i do n't . '' 
 the blond kid exchanges a look with a shorter kid next to him . 
 the short kid does n't look as strong as his buddy , but he 's compact , which should make him a better climber . 
 `` you need a vest , '' says the short kid . 
 i laugh . 
 the idea of me falling off this wall after the training i 've had is ridiculous . 
 i smile at the short kid , assuming that he 's joking even though both he and his friend are wearing vests . 
 `` i do n't need one of those . '' 
 `` tough guy ! '' 
 jokes the blond one . 
 `` no , seriously , it 's the rules , '' says the other . 
 `` even if you were sir edmund hillary you 'd need to wear a vest . '' 
 i stare blankly at the kid . 
 i have no idea who he 's talking about . 
 `` he was the first person to climb everest , '' the short one explains . 
 `` oh , '' i mumble . 
 `` the mountain . '' 
 both boys snicker . 
 `` yeah , the mountain . '' 
 the short kid nudges the tall one . 
 `` why do n't you go get the new kid a vest ? '' 
 the tall kid gives me a weird look , then jogs off to an equipment rack . 
 i realize this is one of the longest conversations with human kids i 've ever had . 
 i wonder how i 'm doing . 
 `` i 'm mike , '' says the short kid , shaking my hand . 
 `` my friend is also mike . '' 
 `` is everyone in this city named mike ? '' 
 `` that 's funny , '' says short mike , but he does n't laugh . 
 `` what 's your name ? '' 
 `` stanley . '' 
 i do n't hesitate , producing my alias easily , as if it 's my real name-just like sandor 's drilled me to do . 
 tall mike returns and hands me a vest . 
 i pull it over my head and they show me how to adjust the straps . 
 `` so stanley , '' continues short mike , practically interrogating me . 
 `` where do you go to school ? '' 
 `` i 'm homeschooled . '' 
 `` that explains your sparkling personality , '' deadpans short mike . 
 i think he just insulted me . 
 before i can respond , i notice her . 
 she 's in the next line over . 
 maybe sixteen or seventeen , straight black hair , and eyes to match . 
 she 's athletic looking , not like some of the flimsy girls i 've seen jogging along the lakefront . 
 she 's beautiful and she 's staring at me . 
 how long has she been watching me ? 
 has she been listening to my entire conversation with the mikes ? 
 when she sees that she has my attention , the girl quickly looks away , her cheeks reddening . 
 i ca n't help it ; i ca n't look away . 
 eventually she glances back my way and nervously flashes me a tentative smile . 
 i can only blink in response . 
 tall mike waves his hand in front of my face . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i snap . 
 `` it 's your turn , bro . '' 
 i turn and see the climbing instructor sarcastically tapping his watch . 
 i step forward and he buckles the safety cords to my vest . 
 i 'm barely listening as he explains where the best handholds are , my mind too busy trying to figure out why that girl was staring at me . 
 instinctively , i try to straighten my mess of hair . 
 i do n't know what to think about that girl ; on tv , there 's always music that plays when a guy makes eye contact with a pretty girl . 
 i 'd kill for some soundtrack now . 
 i wonder if she likes guys from other planets who can climb walls really fast . 
 guess i 'll find out . 
 the instructor blows a whistle and i leap onto the wall . 
 the start of my ascent is clumsy . 
 i should 've listened when the instructor explained the handholds . 
 even so , i quickly find a rhythm and begin swinging my body up the wall . 
 is the girl watching ? 
 i have the unbearable urge to check . 
 i glance down . 
 she is . 
 she 's standing right next to the two mikes , both of them nattering at her . 
 she ignores them , watching me . 
 no . 
 more than watching me . 
 she 's studying me like i 'm the most interesting book in the world . 
 my palms are suddenly slick with sweat . 
 that 's not good . 
 i realize too late that i 've worked myself into the same trouble spot as the first climber i watched . 
 i 'm about halfway up the wall , but there is no handhold close enough to reach above me , and backtracking is out of the question . 
 there 's only one handhold i can see . 
 it 'd be out of the reach of a human . 
 with my strength , though , i can probably make it . 
 i 'll have to jump for it . 
 i hunker down on my footholds , putting as much weight as i can on my knees and hips , before springing upward . 
 i grab the handhold and my sweaty fingertips scrabble across it . 
 then , it is gone . 
 i 'm falling . 
 i ca n't believe this , i 'm falling . 
 defeated by a human wall and some sweaty palms . 
 the mat cushions my fall . 
 it is n't my body that 's hurting , it 's my ego . 
 i lay on the mat , not wanting to get up and face the eyes of the rec center . 
 her eyes . 
 tall mike peers down at me . 
 `` guess you did need the vest , '' he says with a smirk . 
 short mike helps me off the mat , telling me it was a good first try . 
 i 'm barely listening . 
 my eyes sweep the room , looking for the girl . 
 she 's gone . 
 chapter nine i keep my head down when leaving the windy city wall . 
 i 've spent pretty much my entire life in anonymity , but even when i 've been on the run from killer aliens , i 've never wanted to avoid attention as much as i do now . 
 i know it 's ridiculous-kids must fall off that wall all the time-yet i 'm sure that everyone in the gym is secretly laughing at me . 
 i take the long way back to the john hancock building and then walk past it . 
 i keep replaying my fall in my head . 
 i imagine seeing myself from that girl 's perspective ; flailing , sweaty , legs kicking uselessly at air . 
 i pass the entire day in a daze , beating myself up , and the sun is setting when i finally decide to go home . 
 sandor is in the living room when i return home , lounging in a leather recliner with some boring-looking book about advanced engineering in his lap . 
 `` perfect timing , '' he says when i enter , waving his empty martini glass at me . 
 he does n't notice my slumped shoulders as i cross to the room 's fully equipped bar . 
 i pluck sandor 's empty glass from his hand using my telekinesis . 
 then i levitate bottles of gin and vermouth , mixing them through ice . 
 the most difficult part is using my telekinesis to get the olives on the little plastic sword . 
 i can mix a cocktail with my mind , but i ca n't climb a damn wall . 
 when i 'm finished , i walk sandor 's martini over to him and flop down on an adjacent couch . 
 he tastes the drink , smacking his lips . 
 `` pretty good , '' he says . 
 `` so , how was it ? '' 
 `` fine , '' i grunt . 
 `` just fine ? 
 you were there all day . '' 
 i hesitate before telling him more , but i need to confide in someone , and sandor has way more experience with the humans-with girls-than i do . 
 `` i fell off the wall . '' 
 sandor chuckles , not looking up from his book . 
 `` you ? 
 really ? '' 
 `` i was n't paying attention . 
 i mean , i guess i got distracted . '' 
 `` you 'll get it next time . '' 
 he shrugs . 
 `` there wo n't be a next time . '' 
 i 'm silent , one arm draped across my face . 
 sandor must realize i 'm holding back details because he finally closes his book and leans forward . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 his voice lowers . 
 `` did the imog detect something ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 i pause . 
 `` there was a girl . '' 
 `` ohh , '' he says , drawing it out . 
 even with my face covered i can tell he 's grinning . 
 he rubs his hands together . 
 `` was she pretty ? '' 
 `` she was beautiful , '' i say , looking away . 
 `` i fell because she-i do n't know . 
 she was , like , watching me ... . '' 
 `` checking you out . 
 giving you the eye . '' 
 `` shut up . '' 
 `` so a beautiful young thing saw you fall and now you 're embarrassed . '' 
 i have no comeback . 
 when he says it like that , it sounds so juvenile , like something from one of those tv shows where humans in too much makeup mope around and make longing faces at each other . 
 but he 's exactly right . 
 sandor gives my shoulder a squeeze . '' ' 
 t is but a minor setback , my young ward , '' sandor opines . 
 `` i can tell you one thing for certain . 
 you 're not going to impress your lady by moping around here . '' 
 `` who says i want to impress her ? '' 
 he laughs . 
 `` come on . 
 who does n't want to impress beautiful women ? 
 right now , in her mind , you 're just a guy that bit off more than he could chew . 
 if you do n't go back , though , you become that wimp she saw fall off the wall one time . 
 do you want that ? '' 
 i do n't even have to think about my answer . 
 `` i 'll go back tomorrow . '' 
 chapter ten i 'm up early again the next morning , back in the lecture hall , dodging projectiles and batting drones out of the air with my pipe-staff even though my mind is at the windy city wall . 
 sandor does n't take it easy on me , despite knowing that i want to be conserving my energy for a second chance at impressing that girl . 
 `` keep your head in the game ! '' 
 he shouts at me after a mechanized tentacle trips me up . 
 after training , i shower thoroughly , even though i 'm just getting ready for another workout . 
 i want to look good . 
 i even run a comb through my tangled thatch of hair . 
 sandor 's been ragging on me to cut it forever , telling me that i look like a girl , and recommending all kinds of hair products that would give me `` maximum hold . '' 
 i 've never paid any attention to his unsolicited style tips . 
 only looking at myself in the steamy bathroom mirror , i wish i 'd listened to him . 
 i look like a caveman . 
 but it 's too late to do anything about my hair now . 
 besides , i figure showing up with a fresh haircut glistening with pomade-whatever that is-would look pretty desperate . 
 `` good luck , '' says sandor knowingly as i head to the elevator . 
 there are butterflies having a heavy artillery firefight in my stomach as i jog over to the rec center . 
 i breeze in the door and immediately beeline for the equipment rack , grabbing a safety vest as i confidently stride toward the advanced end of the wall . 
 i casually scan the room , looking for the girl . 
 she 's not there . 
 in fact , the place is nearly empty . 
 ugh . 
 it 's a school day . 
 i always forget the humans keep much different schedules than i do . 
 there are a few college-aged kids working out on the wall , getting envious looks from flabby older guys who are probably here on their lunch break . 
 i join them . 
 might as well get a few practice runs in . 
 i spend an hour mastering the wall . 
 this time i listen to the instructor , paying special attention to where the best handholds are . 
 by the time the hour is up , i 've successfully scaled the wall a half-dozen times . 
 according to the instructor , if i shaved a few seconds off my time i 'd have a shot at breaking the local record . 
 i do n't tell him that i have n't been going all out , that with my loric strength and speed i could easily smash it . 
 i 'm saving that performance for when the girl shows up . 
 there 's still about an hour left before school gets out . 
 it 'd probably look pretty weird if i was already here when the other kids arrive and i decide i want to make an entrance . 
 i imagine confidently strutting into line , ignoring taunts from the mikes , then flying up the wall in record-setting time . 
 while the mikes are busy picking their jaws up off the floor , i 'll stride over to the girl , her adoring smile inviting me to talk to her . 
 and then ... well , i have n't totally planned out the talking part yet . 
 i buy a bottle of water from a vending machine and head outside . 
 there 's a small park across the street from the rec center , where i make myself at home on a bench-the perfect spot for a stakeout . 
 i 'm comfortable in the cool air and have a good view of the windy city wall entrance . 
 i 'll hide out until kids get out of school and then it 'll be time for my redemption . 
 the thought of a stakeout causes me to make a check of my imog . 
 an evil red dot appearing nearby is exactly what i do n't need right now . 
 luckily , the coast is clear . 
 i spend the next hour trying to think of a good opening line . 
 all the guys in the movies and on tv have them when they approach a girl . 
 i should 've asked sandor for one before i left . 
 he probably has whole books filled with pick-up lines . 
 by the time i see the two mikes enter the windy city wall , i still have n't come up with anything good . 
 i 'm stuck on climbing puns , but they all come off pretty gross , like i want to climb on her . 
 `` is this seat taken ? '' 
 a girl 's voice interrupts the conversation i 'm having in my head . 
 distractedly , i wave at the empty space of bench next to me . 
 the next wall i 'd like to climb is the one around your heart . 
 how 's that ? 
 really , really cheesy . 
 `` hi , '' the girl says , sitting down next to me . 
 and that 's when i realize it is n't just any girl sitting inches away from me on the bench , it 's the girl . 
 her cheeks are rosy in the late spring air , her black hair gently blown in the breeze . 
 she 's smiling at me . 
 she 's so beautiful , i suddenly feel like i could throw up . 
 this was n't the plan . 
 `` i 'm maddy , '' she says , extending her hand . 
 i just look at her , my mind completely blank . 
 so much for first lines . 
 maddy squints at me . 
 `` sorry , i did n't meant to interrupt your , um , quiet muttering . '' 
 was i muttering ? 
 i must look like a crazy person . 
 i try to recover . 
 `` no , you 're not interrupting . 
 i was just thinking . '' 
 `` oh , '' she says , looking at me expectantly . 
 i realize her hand is still hanging out there between us waiting for me , so i grasp it , squeezing her hand a little too eagerly . 
 `` i 'm stanley . '' 
 `` nice to meet you , stanley . '' 
 i swallow hard . 
 this meeting is already way off track . 
 she was n't supposed to see me again until i 'd beaten the wall and restored my pride . 
 i make a halfhearted gesture toward the rec center , desperately trying to recreate the scenario i 'd been envisioning . 
 `` i was about to go climb . 
 do you want to come watch ? '' 
 `` watch ? '' 
 she asks , arching an eyebrow . 
 `` maybe we could race . 
 if you 're up for it , '' she adds , teasing me . 
 i flashed back to my humiliation of the day before , suddenly lost for words . 
 luckily , she bails me out . 
 `` anyway , '' she says , `` i actually ca n't stay ; i 'm on my way home . 
 i just saw you sitting over here by yourself and thought i 'd say hey . '' 
 `` oh , '' i say , lamely . 
 `` hey . '' 
 `` hey , '' she repeats . 
 and then comes an awkward silence , almost like maddy 's nervous too . 
 her gaze bounces away from me and her mouth screws up , as if she 's trying to figure out what to say . 
 i wonder if she plans conversations out in her head too . 
 when she speaks again , her words are a torrent of nervous energy . 
 `` i saw you yesterday and you were by yourself then too and that 's totally cool , if you like working out alone , but i 'm new here and it 's been sort of hard to meet people , so i figured maybe we could , like , team up and fight solitude together . '' 
 i blink at her . 
 i ca n't believe my luck . 
 `` sorry , '' she says , rolling her eyes . 
 `` i 'm not usually this much of a spaz . '' 
 `` you 're not a spaz , '' i reply . 
 `` okay , good . 
 i 've got you fooled . '' 
 she laughs nervously . 
 `` okay . 
 shut up , maddy . 
 here . '' 
 she reaches into her bag and hands me a piece of paper with her name and number scribbled on it . 
 `` if i did n't just totally freak you out , you should call me , '' she says , hopping off the bench before my idiot brain can even form a reply . 
 chapter eleven wind whips around us as we stand on the roof of the john hancock building , sending the drone that 's floating above me and sandor listing momentarily downward . 
 we 're trying out his newest creation , a hollowed-out toaster with steel glider wings protruding where the bread slots should be . 
 i brush my gloved fingers across the drone controls , correcting its course against the wind . 
 its tiny motor hums sharply in response . 
 we always take sandor 's new creations for test runs , knowing they might one day be our only allies against a horde of mogadorians . 
 in the meantime , i 'll most likely end up staring down this latest buzzing contraption in the lecture hall . 
 `` so , '' says sandor , `` how long has it been since you got her number ? '' 
 i keep my eyes on the drone . 
 `` five days , '' i reply . 
 `` the humans have a rule about calling girls , '' muses sandor . 
 `` something like waiting three days unless you want to look desperate . '' 
 i grunt . 
 `` you 're in the clear as far as that goes , '' he concludes . 
 `` what are you waiting for ? '' 
 `` what 's the point ? '' 
 i ask , trying not to sound as sullen as i feel . 
 i do n't think i pull it off . 
 ever since our meeting in the park , i 've done little but train and think about maddy . 
 we only spoke for a couple of minutes , but i could tell that she 's lonely like me . 
 she 's new in chicago and , even though i 've been here for five years , for all the socializing i 've done i might as well be new too . 
 admittedly , i 've fantasized about having a social life that 's more than playing robots with my cepan , but i never dreamed that a beautiful girl would come along , much less actually be interested in me . 
 now that it 's actually happening , what can i even do about it ? 
 maddy does n't have any scars on her ankle . 
 she has n't been conscripted into an intergalactic war . 
 she 'll make friends in the city eventually , go off to college , live a normal life . 
 me ? 
 i 've got to make a race of warmongering monsters accountable for the genocide of my people . 
 it 's nice to think about escaping all that , to daydream about having a girlfriend and going on dates . 
 except one day the daydream ends and i go to war . 
 how does getting to know a human fit into that-let alone having a girlfriend ? 
 it does n't . 
 sensing that my mind is elsewhere , sandor eases the controls out of my hands and brings the drone back to the roof . 
 his puts his hand on my back and we walk over to the edge of the roof and peer down at the city below us . 
 `` you can never escape who you are , '' he begins . 
 `` i know that , '' i say , wanting to cut short whatever kind of exasperating pep talk he has in mind . 
 i do n't know what 's gotten into him lately . 
 `` listen , '' he continues . 
 `` just because you 've got a destiny does n't mean you do n't also have a life to live . '' 
 `` that 's not what it feels like . '' 
 he sighs . 
 `` maybe i 've made a mistake with you , keeping you so isolated . 
 if that 's the case , i 'm sorry . 
 i guess i forgot what it 's like to be young . '' 
 sandor rubs his beard , searching for words . 
 `` i 've had some , uh , friends since we 've been on earth . '' 
 `` friends . '' 
 i snort . 
 `` is that what those girls are ? '' 
 `` whatever , '' sandor says with a nervous cough before elbowing me . 
 `` the humans can be a welcome distraction , that 's all i 'm saying . '' 
 `` i do n't need a distraction , '' i say sarcastically and kick the drone . 
 `` i have video games . 
 and toy robots . '' 
 `` that 's not the point , '' sandor continues . 
 `` distraction , that 's the wrong word . 
 they can be a reminder too . 
 a reminder that what we 're doing , why we 're here and fighting , that it 's worth something . 
 we can have lives , nine . 
 when we win this war-and we will win-you can be stanley , for real . 
 or someone else , even . 
 you can be whoever you want . '' 
 my eyes sweep across the city . 
 out there , somewhere , are the mogadorians . 
 even if the one from the lakefront was the only one in chicago , there are others . 
 hunting me . 
 `` you ca n't escape what you are , but you also should know what you could be . 
 why you 're fighting . '' 
 also out there , probably doing homework in her parents ' apartment , is maddy . 
 i 'd much rather think about her than the mogs . 
 `` call her , '' sandor says . 
 `` be stanley , even if it 's only for a little while . '' 
 i glance over at him . 
 i can see how hard he 's trying to reach me . 
 i want to believe that he 's right . 
 `` thanks , sandor . '' 
 he pats me hard on the back . 
 `` just do n't screw it up . '' 
 later , i sit on my bed with the door closed , holding the phone . 
 this time i do n't bother rehearsing-not after how badly that went for me last time . 
 i just take a few deep breaths and dial maddy 's number . 
 she answers on the first ring . 
 `` hi , '' i say , trying out the words . 
 `` it 's stanley . '' 
 there 's a sigh of relief on the other end . 
 maybe she 's been thinking about this moment too , hoping i would call . 
 `` i was beginning to think you were n't going to call , '' she says . 
 i can almost hear the smile in her voice and i instantly feel better . 
 chapter twelve maddy picks the planetarium for what sandor has annoyingly started to call our `` first date . '' 
 i try to downplay it to him , explaining to him that maddy and i are just hanging out , but he can tell how excited i am and that only encourages his teasing . 
 the couple days before the date are filled with equal parts training and unsolicited girl advice . 
 `` tell her how pretty she looks . '' 
 i stop a heavy bag from careening into me with my telekinesis . 
 `` ask her questions about herself . '' 
 i duck under a swarm of projectiles . 
 `` make sure you look interested in what she 's saying , even if you 're not . '' 
 i pivot around a drone , hitting it with a backhand swipe of my pipe-staff . 
 `` are you listening to me ? '' 
 i wipe sweat from my face and glare at sandor . 
 `` not really . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 he claps his hands , powering down the lecture hall . 
 `` then you 're ready . '' 
 maddy 's waiting for me outside the planetarium . 
 her smile is small and nervous as i approach . 
 she 's wearing a light sweater and jeans , which makes me glad i did n't take sandor 's advice to dress up like we were going to the opera or something , opting instead for my usual hooded sweatshirt and jeans . 
 `` i hope you do n't think this is nerdy , '' she says as we buy tickets . 
 `` no , not at all . '' 
 nerdy is n't the word i 'd choose . 
 ironic , maybe ? 
 i ca n't explain to her how quaint i find the humans ' understanding of the known cosmos . 
 i wonder if other aliens in hiding have had first dates at the planetarium . 
 i doubt it . 
 `` my dad used to take me to the planetarium all the time when i was a kid . 
 i got pretty into it . '' 
 as we take our seats in the domed auditorium and wait for the show to start , she tells me more about her family . 
 her father is some kind of renowned astronomer , her mother a professor of philosophy . 
 they moved to chicago so her mother could take a position at the university , but they still travel frequently , since her dad 's in high demand on the space-nerd lecture circuit . 
 maddy sounds sad when she talks about them , like they 're never around . 
 our situations are so different , yet somehow i feel like i know exactly where she 's coming from . 
 `` i miss them , '' she says , then waves her hands apologetically . 
 `` i mean , they 're not gone forever , but it 's like i hardly see them since we moved here . '' 
 `` is n't that weird ? 
 being on your own ? '' 
 she shrugs . 
 `` it can be cool . 
 no one to yell at me for staying up late on a school night . '' 
 she shoots me a playful glance . 
 `` or to wonder why i 'm bringing strange boys to the planetarium . '' 
 i laugh , but i also wonder if she really thinks i 'm strange . 
 i hope not . 
 i think i 'm doing a pretty good job being regular stanley . 
 `` ugh , i 'm going on and on . 
 i just unloaded all that on you and i do n't know anything about you . '' 
 i 'm disappointed that she 's done talking . 
 contrary to what sandor thought , i did n't have to feign interest . 
 but now comes the part where i have to lie to her . 
 `` what do you want to know ? '' 
 maddy thinks this over . 
 around us , other people are taking seats . 
 i notice that our shoulders are touching , sharing an armrest . 
 `` let 's start with where you go to school ? '' 
 i flash an embarrassed smile . 
 `` i 'm homeschooled . '' 
 she gives me a look that makes me think i might as well have told her i 'm an alien from the planet lorien . 
 i remember the weird looks that the mikes gave me at the rec center , like i was some kind of creepy shut-in . 
 i could 've come up with a cover story , i guess , but it feels better to tell her the truth . 
 `` huh , '' she says , her eyebrow arched jokingly , `` and here you seemed so normal . '' 
 `` it 's really not that weird , '' i tell her . 
 `` my uncle , he , uh , keeps things interesting . 
 actually , maybe it is sort of weird , come to think of it . 
 my uncle 's not exactly what you 'd call normal . '' 
 `` so you live with him ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` where are your parents ? '' 
 i should have a convincing lie ready for that question . 
 sandor and i used to drill backstory when we were on the road , but it 's been a long time . 
 sandor would tell people that i was his nephew , and that he was taking me on a trip to show me the world , or so that my parents could have a second honeymoon , or that my parents would be joining us eventually . 
 sometimes he got closer to the truth , telling sympathetic diner waitresses that he was raising me after both my parents had died in an accident . 
 that usually resulted in a bigger than normal slice of dessert . 
 i want the stanley that maddy gets to know to be as close to the real me as possible . 
 `` they died when i was young , '' i tell her . 
 `` i never really knew them . '' 
 `` oh , '' she replies , clearly not sure what to say next . 
 thankfully , the lights dim before the conversation gets any more depressing . 
 we recline into our seats as the milky way comes alive above us . 
 a tinny recording begins describing the origin of the cosmos and running down the roster of planets in relation to earth . 
 i 'm not listening . 
 lounging in the near darkness with maddy is pretty much all my brain is capable of processing . 
 i want to remember these details . 
 her hair smells like vanilla , or coconut , or some other girly thing . 
 whatever it is , it 's great . 
 i concentrate on the space on the arm rest where our shoulders meet , imagining that her every shift in position is some coded message for me . 
 i glance over at her . 
 maddy notices and gives me a quick smile , her face bathed in whites and pale blues of the light presentation overhead . 
 i 'd spend the rest of this boring lecture staring at her if that would n't make think i was a freak . 
 instead , i tune out the planetarium soundtrack and listen to her . 
 her breathing is slow and steady , but using my enhanced hearing i can tell her heart is pounding . 
 or wait . 
 maybe that 's my heart . 
 i close my eyes and spend the rest of the show like that . 
 afterward , the planetarium stays dimmed , the stars still on display . 
 the rest of the people begin filing out while we stay in our seats . 
 eventually it 's just the two of us and the stars . 
 maddy leans close to me and begins to whisper , even though we 're alone . 
 she tells me about constellations that were n't covered in the recording , guiding my eyes from orion 's belt to aquarius . 
 she laughs softly and corrects me when i mistake the tail of pisces for one of pegasus 's legs . 
 i already know everything that she 's telling me , but it 's all so much more interesting with her narrating . 
 at some point , without even realizing i 'm doing it , i take her hand . 
 it 's only for a moment . 
 her hand is warm and a little damp from sweat . 
 she quickly slips away and stands up . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i start , realizing i overdid it , `` i mean-i did n't mean ... '' `` it 's okay , '' she says , shaking her head , looking flustered but not mad or weirded out . 
 `` come on . 
 you can walk me home . '' 
 chapter thirteen sandor is n't in the penthouse when i get home , which gives me a couple hours of alone time to endlessly replay in my head what i 've started thinking of as the hand-holding incident . 
 i do n't think i even put this much thought into suckering in that mog . 
 did i misread maddy 's interest ? 
 when sandor comes home with a soggy bag of takeout , he does n't even ask me about my date . 
 instead , he wants to talk about his day prowling the city . 
 `` i drove all over the city with this thing , '' he says , holding up his heavy-duty version of my imog . 
 `` nothing . 
 not a single blip . 
 if that mog had any friends looking for him , they 've moved on . 
 i think we 're in the clear . '' 
 `` that 's great , '' i reply distractedly . 
 `` to hiding in plain sight , '' he toasts , raising a freshly mixed drink . 
 over burgers , sandor finally gets around to asking about maddy . 
 i tell him everything , not leaving out a single detail , even trying to recreate maddy 's body language for him . 
 for the first time since we 've been in chicago , i feel like i could really use my cepan 's guidance . 
 `` huh , '' he says when i finish . '' 
 ` huh . ' 
 that 's it ? '' 
 he shrugs . 
 `` women are mysterious creatures . '' 
 as he says this , he gives me a strange look , half smirking and half apprehensive , like i 'm some kind of weird animal he 's afraid will bite him . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` i just ca n't remember the last time you talked this much . 
 it 's nice . '' 
 i wave him away . 
 `` you 're no help . '' 
 just then , my back pocket vibrates . 
 immediately , my heart is in my throat . 
 my imog is signaling a warning . 
 i practically tear the device out of my pocket , staring down at the screen . 
 but it 's blank . 
 just a solitary white dot in the center . 
 my cell phone , i realize . 
 it was my cell phone . 
 i carry my phone mostly out of habit ; it hardly ever vibrates , unless sandor wants me to pick him up a bagel on the way home from my run . 
 the screen blinks with a new text message . 
 `` it 's her , '' i announce , almost too nervous to open the message . 
 `` what 's it say ? '' 
 `` had fun today , '' i read . 
 `` for the next date , you 're picking the place . '' 
 sandor whoops and mimes a high five from across the table . 
 so , she thought it was a date too . 
 and if she had fun that means i did n't screw up too badly with the hand holding . 
 i do n't have long to savor these facts as a fresh wave of anxiety washes over me . 
 she wants me to plan a date . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 sandor asks , reading distress in my expression . 
 `` i have no idea where to take a girl on a date . '' 
 sandor cuts short a laugh . 
 we sit in silence , both of us pondering . 
 `` i could take her back to the windy city wall , '' i suggest . 
 `` i could definitely kill that wall now . '' 
 sandor makes a face . 
 `` you want to spend a date climbing rocks instead of talking to her ? '' 
 he has a point . 
 `` you know , '' sandor muses , `` if you really want to impress her , i have an idea . '' 
 chapter fourteen i make plans with maddy for the following weekend , which makes the weekdays in between a slog through endless anticipation . 
 i 'm filled with nervous energy , but not the kind that i can channel into my training sessions with sandor . 
 the drones score more hits on me than they should , my mind occupied with cycling through wardrobe choices and practicing imaginary conversations . 
 i can tell sandor is annoyed as he powers down the lecture hall . 
 `` do you think the mogadorians will care that you 've got a girl on your mind ? '' 
 he snaps . 
 i offer my best contrite headshake , knowing he 's right . 
 later , sandor summons me to his workshop . 
 he 's got his feet up on his desk , crumpling a stack of old blueprints . 
 he has a distant look in his eyes and for a second i think i 'm interrupting some pleasant daydream . 
 he looks me over with a wistful smile . 
 `` you know , i was n't much older than you are now when i was assigned to be your cepan , '' he says . 
 `` that 's young for a cepan to be assigned to a garde . 
 i was good , though . 
 i 'd helped the engineers-much older , more experienced-with some tech projects . 
 i think they wanted to get me in the field as soon as possible . '' 
 i 'd been expecting a lecture from sandor . 
 that 's something i 'm used to . 
 annoyed sandor was a familiar entity . 
 nostalgic sandor , on the other hand , i 've got no idea how to deal with . 
 it 's so rare for him to talk about lorien , i 'm afraid to interrupt . 
 `` i liked to think i was ready , '' he continues . 
 `` it was a big honor , that 's for sure . 
 even if you were an unruly little piece of work . '' 
 he winks at me and i ca n't help but smile . 
 `` bonding with a garde , that 's a full-time responsibility . 
 as ready as i wanted to be , i had other things on my mind too . 
 i had a girlfriend . 
 things were getting kind of serious , you know ? 
 i was trying hard to balance it all . '' 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 i ask , before realizing what a stupid question that is . 
 a shadow crosses sandor 's face , although he 's quick to hide it . 
 `` you know what happened . '' 
 sandor sits up and tears a piece of paper out of a legal pad . 
 he hands it to me , the lines filled with his precise writing . 
 a shopping list . 
 `` since you 're no good to me in the lecture hall , you might as well go run some errands , '' he says , stern sandor resurfacing . 
 i take the list and head for the door , but sandor stops me . 
 `` i never figured out that balance , '' he says . 
 `` maybe you can . 
 until you do , just remember what your real responsibilities are . 
 all right , man ? '' 
 this is n't the first time i 've run errands for sandor . 
 it is n't groceries he sends me out into the world for ; that 'd be too easy . 
 i 'm after spare parts . 
 it 's not like we could n't just order whatever high-tech items sandor needs for his drones off the internet , but i think he enjoys the challenge of taking broken-down earth junk and making it work again . 
 he 's tried to get me more involved in his salvage projects , but it 's never really worked . 
 i 'm way more interested in smashing his inventions than putting them together . 
 i spend the afternoon dutifully patrolling downtown 's pawn shops and thrift stores . 
 i find a few things on sandor 's list-an ancient compact disc player and an automatic vegetable slicer with curving blades that i dread to see flying at me in the lecture hall . 
 i also pick up some stuff i know he 's always on the prowl for , a fried circuit board here , an orphaned length of cable there . 
 it is n't until the last thrift store on my route that i get the tingly feeling that someone is watching me . 
 instinctively i make a discreet check of my imog . 
 there 's no sign of danger nearby . 
 as i slip the device back into my pocket , i notice her . 
 standing two aisles over , next to a rack of vintage t-shirts , is maddy . 
 at first , i think it must be my eyes playing tricks on me . 
 she 's been on my mind so much that i 'm starting to hallucinate . 
 then maddy holds up her hand in a shy wave and i practically bound over to her . 
 `` hey , '' i exclaim , trying not to sound too excited and probably failing . 
 `` what 're you doing here ? '' 
 `` hey , '' she replies , glancing around like she 's as surprised to be in a musty thrift store as i am to find her here . 
 `` i 'm , uh , stalking you . '' 
 i grin like an idiot . 
 `` seriously ? '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 she rolls her eyes . 
 `` my dad , he 's really into antique telescopes and stuff like that . 
 i 'm just looking around . '' 
 `` oh , '' i say , playing crestfallen . 
 `` i was actually hoping you were stalking me . '' 
 maddy glances at the bags i 'm holding from other stores , each of them bulging with weird shapes . 
 `` what 's all that ? '' 
 `` science project stuff , '' i say , thinking quickly . 
 `` for homeschool ? '' 
 i shrug . 
 `` my uncle is weird . '' 
 together we wander the aisles of the thrift store . 
 maddy pulls a maroon leisure suit off a rack and holds it up to me . 
 `` maybe you should wear this on our date this weekend , '' she says , cocking her head , trying to imagine me in the suit . 
 sandor would probably burn this suit if i dared desecrate the penthouse with its presence . 
 `` would you even come outside if i showed up in this ? '' 
 `` probably not . 
 here , hold it up , '' she orders , and i take the suit with my free hand . 
 before i realize what she 's doing , maddy 's held up her phone and snapped my picture . 
 she laughs , looking at what i 'm sure is my startled expression above the most hideous suit in history . 
 `` perfect , '' she says . 
 `` hello , new wallpaper . '' 
 `` now i definitely have to buy it . 
 you 've talked me into it . '' 
 when i jokingly check the price tag , a moth flutters out from the sleeve . 
 i drop the suit , grossed out , and maddy laughs again . 
 we dart out of the store , the old man behind the cash register glaring at us . 
 `` i hope i do n't have fleas , '' i say once we 're out on the sidewalk . 
 `` actually , i think i see one , '' she says . 
 she leans close , inspecting , and then gives me a quick peck on the cheek . 
 she leans back and laughs again , this time at what must be the dumbfounded expression on my face . 
 `` see ya friday , stanley , '' she says playfully , adding , `` take a bath . '' 
 chapter fifteen it 's the big night . 
 sandor and i stand in the subbasement garage of the john hancock building . 
 arrayed before us , each neatly tucked beneath a tarp , is sandor 's collection of getaway vehicles . 
 really , i 've never thought we needed more than one car . 
 sandor , however , has taken to collecting the things since we 've been in chicago , outfitting each with his various improvements . 
 i guess cepans need hobbies too . 
 he 's lucky that being a cepan comes with unlimited funds ; i 'd hate to imagine him driving a beat-up old clunker . 
 sandor pulls the tarp away from a sleek , dark red convertible . 
 he runs a hand lovingly across the hood . 
 then he gives me a deathly serious look . 
 `` please do n't make me regret this . '' 
 i grin at him , eager to get behind the wheel . 
 `` that smile does n't exactly inspire confidence . '' 
 still , he opens the driver side door for me and i hop in . 
 sandor leans in the window as i adjust the seat and mirrors . 
 `` how fast are you going to go ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` five miles under the speed limit at all times , '' i recite . 
 we 've had this conversation all week , ever since sandor suggested i take one of the cars . 
 `` always signal ; no racing to catch yellows ; keep the top up . 
 i get it . '' 
 `` you better , '' replies sandor , his tone more parental than ever . 
 he looks a bit anxious about the way i 'm excitedly drumming my hands on the wheel , but he steps back . 
 `` have a good time , '' he says . 
 i carefully pull out of the parking garage . 
 sandor , watching me and nervously rubbing his beard , disappears in my rearview mirror . 
 when i 'm a few blocks away from the john hancock building , i hit the button to roll the top down . 
 what sandor does n't know wo n't hurt him . 
 i pick maddy up at the park across the street from the rec center . 
 the convertible handles like a dream and i cruise over to her place following all of sandor 's rules . 
 except for the top , of course . 
 the cool night air swirls around me and i feel energized . 
 this is as free as i 've ever felt . 
 maddy is sitting on the bench when i pull up , and does a double take when she sees me behind the wheel . 
 i wave her over . 
 `` want to go for a ride ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` oh , wow , is this yours ? '' 
 `` my uncle 's , '' i tell her , shrugging nonchalantly . 
 `` he 's cool with it . '' 
 maddy glances up and down the street , a bit apprehensive . 
 `` you 're a good driver ? 
 i can trust you ? '' 
 okay , i do n't technically have a license . 
 but i do have an extremely convincing fake that sandor forged in his workroom . 
 i 've also got plenty of experience behind the wheel . 
 back when we were nomads , sandor had me practice driving as soon as my feet could reach the pedals , mostly to relieve him when he got tired . 
 `` of course , '' i reply . 
 we engage in a mini staring contest , her jokingly sizing up my trustworthiness , me trying my hardest to look innocent . 
 i ca n't help the devilish smile that creeps across my face . 
 `` aha ! '' 
 she says , pointing . 
 `` the look of a speed demon . '' 
 before i can defend myself , maddy vaults over the passenger door and flops down in the seat beside me . 
 she flashes me a lopsided grin . 
 `` i 've always wanted to do that . '' 
 i ca n't take my eyes off her . 
 right then , maddy looks more beautiful than i 've ever seen her . 
 i watch as she pulls her hair back into a ponytail , not wanting to get it tangled in the wind . 
 i 'm immediately swept into a vision of just driving forever , out of chicago ; it does n't matter where as long as maddy 's next to me . 
 still , something nags at me , a sensation that i ca n't quite place , adding a dark edge to what is an otherwise perfect moment . 
 i ignore the feeling . 
 `` ready ? '' 
 i ask her . 
 `` ready , '' she answers . 
 i do n't take my eyes off her as i pull away from the curb with a flourish . 
 immediately , i rear-end a conversion van that 's double-parked a few feet away . 
 that definitely was n't there a few minutes ago . 
 `` oof , '' groans maddy as we 're both jerked forward . 
 `` are you all right ? '' 
 i ask , my hands shaking uncontrollably on the wheel . 
 i 'm simultaneously terrified that i 've hurt her and mortified that i 've made such an unbelievable a ** hole of myself . 
 `` i-i think so , '' she stammers . 
 in front of us , the doors of the conversion van swing open and three men jump out . 
 they 're all dressed in dark clothes , matching fedoras pulled low over pale faces . 
 i realize that in my back pocket , my imog is vibrating like crazy . 
 chapter sixteen i do n't need the incessant vibrating from my pocket to tell me that the three men standing in front of my car are mogs . 
 i know my enemy . 
 `` they probably want your insurance info , '' says maddy as she begins rifling through the glove box . 
 for a second i try to convince myself that this could just be a coincidence , that they do n't know exactly who-or what-i am . 
 but they 're not looking at the damage to their van . 
 i 've crumpled their back bumper pretty good and shattered one of their taillights , but they do n't seem to care . 
 all three of them stare at me . 
 slowly , one of them begins to reach under his coat . 
 there 's no way this is random . 
 wishful thinking . 
 my date is ruined before it 's even started . 
 `` hell with it , '' i growl , and throw the car into reverse . 
 the mogs immediately fan out , trying to cut off my escape . 
 as if i wo n't run them over . 
 i rev the engine and peel out , forcing one of the mogs to dive out of the way . 
 as i shoot by , i see the others already scrambling into the van . 
 `` what are you doing ?! '' 
 screams maddy . 
 `` i think one of them had a gun , '' i shout back , weaving around a slow-moving sedan . 
 `` are you nuts ? 
 stanley , slow down ! '' 
 i do the opposite . 
 flooring it , i blow through a red light . 
 the convertible 's tires screech as i jerk the wheel hard left , nearly fishtailing us through a turn . 
 maddy is thrown against her seat belt and i wince as she cries out in pain . 
 in the rearview , i see the mog van cut off by traffic . 
 i realize that i 've been holding my breath and let an exhale hiss through my teeth . 
 `` let me out , '' says maddy . 
 `` let me out of this car right now . '' 
 i start to slow down , trying to blend into the rest of the traffic . 
 that 's not going to be easy considering my flashy car . 
 i hope sandor 's out there somewhere watching this all go down on his network of hacked cameras , that he 's sending a drone to bail me out as we speak . 
 the imog in my pocket vibrates with renewed vigor . 
 `` hold on , '' i say , punching the gas just as the mog 's van comes barreling out of a side street , nearly clipping the convertible 's bumper . 
 the van is riding hard on our tail , trying to grind us off the road . 
 other cars let loose whining honks as we speed down the middle of the road . 
 maddy looks over her shoulder , staring in horror at the van bearing down on us and its stone-faced driver . 
 `` they 're right behind us . '' 
 her voice is almost a whisper . 
 her hand is clutching my arm , nails digging right through my shirt . 
 `` why is this happening ? '' 
 i do n't respond ; there 's no lie i can think of that could possibly explain it . 
 with sweaty fingers , i flick open a hidden panel on the steering wheel . 
 sandor planned for this sort of thing . 
 `` sit back , '' i warn . 
 maddy looks at me , her frightened expression apparently not reserved just for the mogs . 
 i hit the button for nitrous oxide . 
 the convertible 's engine roars and then bucks and for a moment i 'm worried the car ca n't handle sandor 's modification . 
 then , with a gut punch of pressure , it screams forward . 
 we 're going way over the speed limit . 
 i 'm too afraid to check the speedometer , keeping my eyes pinned to the road as i weave through traffic . 
 maddy is glued to her seat , terrified . 
 seeing us coming , other cars try to move out of the way . 
 red traffic lights fly by . 
 i hear a siren and , briefly , blue lights flash across my rearview , but any cops are outdistanced before they can even make out my license plate . 
 we 're a blur . 
 i keep driving until my imog stops vibrating , and then i swing the car into a secluded alley and kill the lights . 
 my body hums with adrenaline . 
 i ca n't believe what i just did , evading a pack of mogs in a high-speed chase like something out of a movie . 
 i 'm an action hero . 
 a mixture of euphoria and relief hits me . 
 and i do n't really know where the next part comes from . 
 maybe it 's pure adrenaline or maybe i 'm just going totally crazy . 
 but before i even realize i 'm doing it , i lean into maddy and start to kiss her . 
 i guess it was n't the right thing to do . 
 `` you bastard ! '' 
 maddy cries , pushing me away . 
 she throws open her door , knocking over some nearby trash cans . 
 in the dim light of the alley i can see that her beautiful face is streaked with tears . 
 stunned from her reaction , i do n't say anything as she runs out of the alley . 
 alone in sandor 's banged-up convertible , i 'm left to ponder the adventure-filled life of a loric hero . 
 chapter seventeen i abandon the convertible in the alley and head back to the john hancock building on foot . 
 i stick to side streets and back alleys as much as possible . 
 my imog never vibrates . 
 wherever those mogs came from , they 're gone now . 
 i call sandor and tell him what happened . 
 i catch him as he was on his way to try and find me-just as i suspected , he was monitoring me the whole time and freaking out . 
 it 's past midnight when i make it back home . 
 sandor is waiting for me outside the building . 
 `` what the hell ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` i do n't know , '' i say . 
 `` they just appeared . '' 
 `` a high-speed chase through the middle of chicago ? 
 what were you thinking ? '' 
 `` it was the only way . '' 
 sandor groans , dismissing that with a wave of his hand . 
 `` you 're acting like a child . '' 
 `` you said there were n't any mogs in the city , '' i protest . 
 `` so stupid , '' he says . 
 `` i was so stupid to let you take that car . 
 to even let you out of my sight . 
 all because of some girl . '' 
 `` she 's fine , by the way , '' i snap . 
 `` who cares ? '' 
 sandor hisses , getting right in my face . 
 `` she does n't matter . 
 you matter . 
 do you understand what you 've put at stake ? 
 the years of progress you 've undone in one night , all for some stupid crush ? '' 
 i take a step away from him . 
 `` do n't talk about her that way . '' 
 he 's being such a hypocrite . 
 he was the one who wanted me to go after maddy in the first place . 
 sandor rubs his hands over his face , exasperated . 
 `` where did you leave the car ? '' 
 i give him the rough address of the alley . 
 `` it needs to be destroyed , '' he says , `` our presence here minimized . 
 i 'll handle that . 
 you-you go upstairs and pack a bag . '' 
 `` what ? 
 why ? '' 
 `` we 're leaving in the morning . '' 
 i was close . 
 so close to having a life that was more than just sandor , more than just training . 
 i pace around the penthouse , letting my gaze drift aimlessly across all the luxuries we 've amassed over the last five years . 
 five years living here in peace and comfort-all ruined because i was bored . 
 when i killed that mog in the elevator , i thought things would change . 
 i thought that i would assume my destiny and begin the war against the mogadorians . 
 i thought that would make me happy . 
 instead , it 's only made things worse . 
 what felt best about killing that mog was n't that some small justice was done . 
 it was that i had chosen how and when to do it . 
 it was my choice . 
 and yet now my options are fewer than ever . 
 sandor wants us back on the road , just when i was starting to figure things out . 
 it does n't seem right that he should get to call all the shots . 
 should n't i get some say in our next move ? 
 i ca n't bring myself to pack a bag . 
 i 'm still clinging to some hope that sandor will change his mind . 
 i try to call maddy , but her phone goes right to voice mail . 
 not that i would know what to say if she did answer . 
 what kind of lie could i tell her ? 
 i spend the better part of an hour trying to compose an apology for nearly getting her killed , for scaring her , and for not even realizing that i was doing it . 
 in the end , i settle on texting a simple `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 there 's going to be no sleep for me tonight . 
 i pass through sandor 's workshop and into the lecture hall . 
 there are automated training modules programmed into the room 's interface . 
 i select one at random and stride into the center of the room , holding my pipe-staff . 
 when the first ball bearing fires out of the lectern 's turret i do n't deflect it with my telekinesis or bat it away with my pipe-staff . 
 i let it hit me right in the chest . 
 i suck in my breath as dull pain courses through my sternum . 
 gritting my teeth , i clasp my hands behind my back and lean forward . 
 the next ball bearing strikes me a few inches to the left of the first , bruising my ribs . 
 when the third ball bearing is fired , my instincts take over . 
 i push it aside with my telekinesis and pivot to the side , anticipating the next shot . 
 i spin my pipe-staff over my head as the program really gears up , heavy bags swinging at me from behind , a mechanical tentacle grasping at me from the floor . 
 my mind turns off . 
 i fight . 
 i 'm not sure how long i keep going like that , dodging and swinging , acting instead of thinking . 
 eventually i 'm dripping with sweat , my shirt completely soaked through . 
 it 's then that the lecture hall 's patterns change ; the attacks become less predictable , more coordinated than the auto-program could pull off . 
 i realize that sandor has returned and climbed into the lectern 's seat , his fingers dancing across the control panel . 
 our eyes meet as i leap over a metal-plated battering ram . 
 his look is one of sadness and disappointment . 
 `` you did n't pack , '' he says . 
 i square my shoulders and glare at him in defiance . 
 go ahead , i want to tell him , throw everything you can at me . 
 i can take it . 
 i 'm going to prove to sandor that i 'm not his young ward anymore . 
 `` i suppose one last training session before we leave wo n't hurt , '' sandor says . 
 a glimmering tennis ball-sized object floats up from the floor , emitting a disorienting strobe light . 
 it makes the next round of projectiles harder to see , but i manage to catch them in the air , using my mind to hold them inches from my bruised chest . 
 `` that has n't been decided yet , '' i say evenly as i launch one of the projectiles at the flashing ball , exploding it . 
 it clatters to the floor , blinking out . 
 `` what has n't been decided ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` that we 're leaving . '' 
 `` no ? '' 
 a pair of heavy bags careen toward me , quickly followed by another volley of ball bearings . 
 i swing the pipe-staff as hard as i can at one of them , my muscles screaming in protest . 
 the pipe-staff shreds through the bag , sending sand spilling onto the floor . 
 one of the ball bearings strikes me in the hip , but i catch the others and hurl them back the way they came . 
 the turrets in the wall hiss and pop when the ball bearings reenter their barrels the wrong way . 
 there 's a short puff of smoke and then they hang dormant . 
 `` i get a vote , '' i tell him . 
 `` and i vote we stay . '' 
 `` that 's impossible , '' sandor replies . 
 `` you do n't understand what 's at stake . 
 you 're not thinking clearly . '' 
 three drones deploy from the floor . 
 i 've never fought that many at once before . 
 one is the propeller-powered toaster that just days ago we were trying out on the roof . 
 the others i have n't seen before . 
 they 're the size of soccer balls , metal plated , with scopes attached to the front . 
 the toaster bobs in front of me , distracting me as the other two flank me . 
 when they 're in position , the soccer balls emit two bursts of electricity , jolting me . 
 i retreat toward the back of the room , the drones zapping at me . 
 my ears are ringing from the last shock . 
 the drones close in , pursuing me . 
 i 'm running out of room . 
 before i realize what i 'm doing , i run up the wall . 
 my aim was to flip off the wall , to land behind the drones , but something is different . 
 i do n't feel gravity pulling at me . 
 i plant my feet . 
 i 'm standing on the wall . 
 except for a sudden feeling of vertigo , it feels no different than standing on the ground . 
 my legacy . 
 i 've developed one of my legacies . 
 staring at me , sandor is too stunned to adjust the course of the drones . 
 the toaster crashes into the wall . 
 from above , i swing my pipe-staff down on the two floating soccer balls , destroying them both . 
 sandor lets out a cry of triumph . 
 `` do you see ? '' 
 he shouts . 
 `` do you see what you 're capable of ? 
 my young ward gets an upgrade ! '' 
 `` upgrade ? '' 
 i growl . 
 i run up the rest of the wall and onto the ceiling . 
 the room turns upside down . 
 i sprint across the ceiling that 's now the floor to me , gathering up a head of steam . 
 when i 'm right above sandor and the lectern i jump , twist in midair , and bring my pipe-staff shearing down on the lectern . 
 the control panel explodes in a waterfall of sparks . 
 sandor dives aside , grunting as he lands hard on his shoulder . 
 my pipe-staff has carved deep into the front of the lectern , practically cutting it in two . 
 it lets out a series of ear-splitting mechanical squawks , and then the lecture hall goes dark . 
 `` i 'm not one of your gadgets , '' i shout into the darkness . 
 `` you do n't get to just control me . '' 
 starbursts of light flash across my vision as my eyes try to adjust to the darkness . 
 i ca n't quite see sandor , but i can hear him shakily climb to his feet . 
 `` i do n't - i do n't think that , '' sandor says . 
 i 'm thankful i ca n't see his face , the hurt plain enough in his voice . 
 `` everything i 've ever done , all these years - '' he stops , searching for words . 
 as i come back down to earth , the memories of the night come back to me . 
 i realize what i 've done . 
 `` nine ... . '' 
 i feel sandor 's hand on my shoulder . 
 `` i - '' i do n't want to hear this . 
 i shrug his hand roughly away and run . 
 chapter eighteen the sun is beginning to rise . 
 the air is still cool , chilling my skin under my sweat-dampened t-shirt . 
 i fled the john hancock building with nothing but the clothes on my back-the same clothes i wore on my ruined date the night before-and my cell phone and imog tucked into my back pockets . 
 a part of me knows that i 'll need to go back to sandor eventually . 
 but right now , i 'm ignoring that part as hard as i can . 
 i want to know how long i can last out here on my own . 
 the day is just beginning . 
 i can do anything i choose with it . 
 i feel like spider-man , using my newest legacy to stand on the outside of an anonymous chicago skyscraper , fifty stories up . 
 beneath my feet , inside the windows , the office building 's automatic lights are coming on . 
 i gaze down at the streets below , the city just starting to wake up . 
 thanks to my antigravity legacy , i 'm seeing chicago from angles i never imagined . 
 i sprint across the skyscraper 's windows , then jump across the narrow gap between buildings . 
 on the next building i jog upward , bounding over a stone gargoyle until i 'm balancing right on the roof ledge . 
 i walk across the ledge , my arms spread out like a tightrope walker , even though there 's no chance of me losing my balance . 
 hundreds of feet above the ground and it 's as if i 'm on the sidewalk . 
 this would have come in handy that first day at the windy wall . 
 across the street , i catch sight of an executive type settling in behind his desk with his morning coffee . 
 that 's my signal to rein it in . 
 i do n't need sandor around to tell me it 'd be a bad idea to be seen strolling around on the sides of buildings . 
 i hop onto the roof . 
 for a while i just sit and watch the sun coming up . 
 i 've got no place to be . 
 it 's peaceful . 
 when the sun hangs in full view above me , the noise of the city below increasing to rush hour decibels , i decide to check my cell phone . 
 three voice mails and four text messages . 
 all of them from sandor . 
 i delete them . 
 suddenly i 'm very tired . 
 i did n't sleep at all last night . 
 it 's a nice day and there 's a sense of calm on this rooftop . 
 my eyelids start to feel heavy . 
 i curl up in a shady spot near the edge of the precipice . 
 the roof is hard but my body is too exhausted to do much complaining . 
 for some reason , my mind drifts to the dream i had of lorien . 
 i think about the way i flung myself at sandor , getting us both all muddy , and the way he lifted me into the air afterward , grinning . 
 that was a nice memory . 
 i hope i dream it again . 
 i do n't dream at all . 
 it 's a deep sleep , and when i finally wake up the sun has almost set . 
 i slept away the entire day . 
 my body aches , both from the exertion of the night before and from passing out on a slab of hard rooftop . 
 groaning and stretching , i sit up . 
 i decide to check my cell phone again , even though i know what 's waiting for me . 
 more voice mails and texts from sandor , the texts increasingly panicked as he begs me to let him know where i am , that i 'm all right . 
 my stomach turns over with guilt . 
 i 'll let him know eventually , i decide . 
 i just need more time . 
 and then i see it . 
 a single text from the only other number programmed into my phone . 
 maddy . 
 `` maybe we can try again if you promise no cars . '' 
 i leap to my feet , punching the air in celebration . 
 after everything i put her through last night , even after the whole thing with the kiss , and she still wants to see me again . 
 that has to mean something , right ? 
 with one simple text maddy has reassured me that the connection i felt between us is real . 
 even knowing that it can never be simple and easy between us , that eventually this brief freedom i have will be gone and i 'll be swept back up in my destiny-even knowing all that , i still have to see her . 
 i know i can set things right between us . 
 and maybe i can have just one perfect , normal moment . 
 i bound across the rooftops as the sun sets , a shadow above the heads of tired commuters . 
 i chart a course across walls and windows and power lines , heading for maddy 's house . 
 i 'm cautious during my approach . 
 the mogs were following me last night , so they 're obviously onto me . 
 i need to make sure they 're not still lurking around . 
 they could be anywhere . 
 i prowl the surrounding blocks , sticking to the rooftops , one eye always on my imog . 
 there 's no sign of any danger . 
 from across the street i scope out maddy 's house . 
 i feel sort of like a stalker . 
 the sight of parents would be almost as bad as the sight of mogs . 
 showing up unannounced might not go over too well with maddy 's folks . 
 i do n't want to have to throw pebbles at her window . 
 i climb up the building opposite maddy 's , careful to stay hidden , and watch her windows . 
 she told me that her parents travel a lot . 
 it looks like i 've lucked out and that 's the case tonight . 
 the only movement i see in the apartment is maddy , lounging on a couch with her laptop . 
 it feels gross to spy on her longer than necessary , so i walk back down to the street and approach her building the normal way . 
 a few seconds after i buzz her , maddy 's voice pipes uncertainly out of the intercom . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 `` hi , '' i say into the mic . 
 `` it 's stanley . '' 
 there 's a lengthy pause , long enough for me to consider that this was a stupid idea . 
 she could be peering down at me right now , hoping that i 'll slink off into the night and leave her alone . 
 or , worse yet , she could be calling the cops . 
 i 'm relieved when the door finally buzzes , letting me in . 
 maddy 's apartment is on the third floor . 
 i bound up the stairs . 
 she 's waiting for me in the hallway , dressed in baggy pajama pants , a tank top , and an unbuttoned cardigan sweater . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 maddy asks as soon as she sees me . 
 i realize how i must look . 
 i 'm wearing the same clothes i wore yesterday and in the time since then i 've endured my most intense lecture hall workout ever and slept on a rooftop . 
 belatedly , i run a hand through my hair and try to brush some wrinkles out of my t-shirt . 
 `` i 've had a really bad twenty-four hours , '' i tell her honestly . 
 `` i think i know what you mean . '' 
 she gives me a nervous little smile . 
 `` so ... '' `` i 'm sorry to just show up , '' i explain , in a rush to defuse the awkwardness . 
 `` i just-i 'm not sure when i 'll be able to see you again and i wanted to apologize in person . '' 
 `` thank you for coming , '' maddy says , a note of relief in her voice . 
 and then she 's hugging me , her face pressed into my chest . 
 i let myself enjoy that moment , trying to commit to memory how her body feels pressed against me , wrapped in my arms . 
 `` do n't take this the wrong way , '' she whispers , `` but you kind of smell . '' 
 just as i thought , maddy 's parents are out of town . 
 she invites me in , joking that breaking their rule about having boys over while they 're away is nothing after flagrantly violating their stance against high-speed car chases . 
 i laugh , but i also notice the bruise peeking out from under maddy 's sweater where the seat belt dug into her shoulder and i feel guilty all over again . 
 maddy insists that i take a shower . 
 she gives me a pair of her dad 's sweatpants and a faded nasa t-shirt and sends me into the bathroom to get cleaned up . 
 i linger in the shower . 
 the water is hot and feels good on my sore muscles . 
 for a while i let myself imagine that i 'm just another teenager grabbing a shower after sneaking over to his girlfriend 's house while her parents are out of town . 
 not that maddy is my girlfriend , but she could be . 
 it 's strange to be in a house like this . 
 obviously it does n't match the john hancock penthouse in opulence , but it makes up for that in coziness . 
 unlike where sandor and i have been staying , maddy 's house actually feels lived in . 
 the furniture is broken in . 
 there are pictures of maddy and her parents everywhere . 
 knickknacks and trinkets clutter bookshelves , mementos from trips taken as a family . 
 there is an entire history here . 
 i 'm envious . 
 maddy is waiting for me in her bedroom when i get out of the shower . 
 i realize it 's the first time i 've ever been in a normal kid 's bedroom . 
 there are pictures of maddy and her friends , school trophies , posters of movie stars on the walls . 
 it 's so different from my utilitarian room , filled with just video game systems and dirty laundry . 
 she pats the bed and i sit down next to her . 
 i can tell she 's been trying to work out what i 'm doing here , why i arrived in such a state . 
 `` tell me the truth , '' she begins . 
 `` did you run away from home ? '' 
 `` kind of , '' i reply , a little embarrassed . 
 i lay back on the bed , draping an arm over my face . 
 maddy lies down next to me , trying to look at me . 
 `` do you want to talk about it ? '' 
 i do . 
 but how much can i tell her ? 
 `` i got in a fight with my uncle . '' 
 `` because of the car ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 well , not really . 
 that was like the straw that broke the camel 's back . 
 it 's been building up for a while . '' 
 maddy makes an encouraging noise , and i realize that she 's holding my hand . 
 then it all comes pouring out of me . 
 `` i feel like my uncle has my entire life mapped out . 
 like every decision that affects me i just have no control over . 
 and then when i do try to act on my own , something horrible happens . 
 like last night . '' 
 i think about the bruises on maddy 's shoulder . 
 as if sensing my guilt , she gives my hand an encouraging squeeze . 
 `` i want to get away from everything . 
 from my entire life . 
 but i feel like any decision i make , i 'll just end up regretting . '' 
 i lift my arm from my face and squint at her in the darkness . 
 `` does that make any sense at all ? '' 
 i think i see tears in maddy 's eyes . 
 she nods her head . 
 `` yes , '' she says quietly . 
 we lie on her bed , holding hands . 
 eventually , just like it did in the lecture hall , my mind shuts off . 
 i do n't want anything more than this . 
 i have to figure things out with sandor tomorrow , but for tonight , this is perfect . 
 normal . 
 we fall asleep . 
 chapter nineteen at some point , i feel maddy get out of bed and leave the room . 
 i linger in that space between being asleep and awake , vaguely aware that it is morning . 
 maddy 's bed is insanely comfortable and i do n't want to get up . 
 in my dreamy state , i let myself wonder how many days maddy 's parents will be out of town . 
 maybe i can stretch this vacation from responsibility out a little further . 
 there is a shuffling next to the bed . 
 probably maddy returning . 
 a set of fingers touch my arm . 
 they are strangely cold . 
 my eyes snap open . 
 two thin , pale men stand over me , both of them with their jet-black hair shorn close to their skulls . 
 the mogadorians have found me . 
 almost more frightening than the pair of ugly faces glaring down at me is the empty spot in the bed next to me . 
 maddy . 
 what have they done to her ? 
 a surge of fear breaks over me . 
 these mogs might be able to capture me , but they ca n't actually hurt me . 
 not when i 'm protected by the loric charm . 
 maddy , on the other hand-they could do whatever they want to her . 
 for a moment , i hope this is some really intense nightmare . 
 when they make a grab for my arms and legs , working in tandem to pin me down , i know it 's real . 
 i squirm away from the one grabbing my ankles and kick him in the chest with as much strength as my still-groggy body can muster . 
 the mog goes crashing backward into maddy 's desk , knocking through her things . 
 her purse goes tumbling to the floor , spilling its contents next to a newly broken swimming trophy . 
 when the mog tries to regain his feet , he ends up shoving maddy 's laptop to the floor as well . 
 i 've made a mess of her room . 
 i 've made a mess of her life . 
 the other one 's gotten hold of my wrists and is pinning me to the bed . 
 he grunts as i thrash against his grip , his face close enough that i can smell his sour breath . 
 his face is close enough , in fact , that i can head-butt him . 
 the blow caves in the mog 's nose . 
 his grip on my wrists loosens and i 'm able to wriggle free . 
 i bring my legs up , doing a backward somersault . 
 my feet hit the wall and just like that my perspective shifts , the anti-gravity legacy kicking in . 
 i 'm eye level with one of them even though our bodies are perpendicular , and i punch him in the face . 
 both mogs are taken aback that i 'm suddenly running across the ceiling . 
 good . 
 that should buy me a second or two . 
 i need to find maddy and get us out of here . 
 i wonder if she keeps an emergency bag hidden somewhere , but then i realize that keeping a bag of road supplies handy is n't at all a human thing to do . 
 i think about grabbing her purse , but when i see the contents spilled out of it onto the floor , dozens of plastic ids with her photo smiling up at me-why does she have so many ids , anyway ? 
 i wonder-i know there 's no time . 
 sandor will just have to make her a new identity on the fly . 
 i kick open her bedroom door from the ceiling , leaping over the uppermost part of the doorframe as i go . 
 there 's another mog waiting outside , but he did n't expect me to come from above . 
 the ones behind me shout a warning at their friend . 
 too late . 
 with a roar , i grab the surprised mog under the chin with both my hands . 
 then i jump from the ceiling , simultaneously pulling back on his head . 
 the physics are impossible . 
 i can hear bones popping inside the scout as i spike his head into the ground , his forehead touching the floor a few inches from his heels . 
 the mog disintegrates into a cloud of ash . 
 the pictures of maddy 's family that line the hallway are covered in dust . 
 i feel guilty once again . 
 maddy 's home felt so perfect when i arrived last night , and now , by bringing the fight here , i 've roped her and her perfect family into an intergalactic war . 
 great . 
 i run back up the wall , onto the ceiling , and sprint toward maddy 's living room , screaming her name . 
 the two mogs from the bedroom chase after me , one clutching his broken face . 
 there are three more of them in the living room . 
 two of them flank the couch where maddy sits with her head in her hands . 
 i ca n't tell if she 's hurt or crying or both . 
 `` maddy ! '' 
 i shout . 
 `` we have to run ! '' 
 she flinches at the sound of my voice , but otherwise remains still . 
 the third mogadorian stands in front of the apartment 's door . 
 he smiles when he sees me . 
 it 's a sickening expression ; his teeth are gray and rotting , pointing in all the wrong directions . 
 this one is larger than the others . 
 he must be the leader . 
 a wicked-looking sword dangles from his hip , but he makes no move to reach for it . 
 he seems content to just block our only exit . 
 he does n't realize that there 's always another exit when you can walk on walls . 
 i stoop down and , with a shout , tear the ceiling fan at my feet from its moorings . 
 i wish i had my pipe-staff , but this will have to do . 
 with the exception of their leader , the mogadorians have all converged on me . 
 i jump off the ceiling with the fan in hand , bringing it down on top of the closest mog 's head . 
 the wooden fan blade snaps in half as it splits his skull . 
 his body immediately decomposes into ash , mixing with fan fragments on maddy 's carpet . 
 two down , four to go . 
 i spin in a circle , swinging the remains of the fan around as i do . 
 my assailants are all forced back a step as i gather momentum . 
 i let the fan loose and it goes flying between two mogs . 
 they smirk , thinking i 've missed them , but they were never my intended target . 
 behind them , the living room window shatters , glass and pieces of wood spraying into the street below . 
 there 's our exit . 
 one of the mogs manages to wrap his arms around me from behind . 
 another-the one whose nose i broke-forgets the rules and hauls off to punch me . 
 a warm sensation spreads across my face as a fresh bruise spreads across his , staggering him . 
 i elbow the other mog in the gut , breaking free . 
 `` maddy ! '' 
 i shout , making a bull rush toward her . 
 one of the mogadorians tries to cut me off . 
 i drop my shoulder low , like i would to duck under a heavy bag in the lecture hall , and drive into his knees . 
 the mog flips over me and goes smashing through a coffee table . 
 at the door , i hear the leader quietly chuckle . 
 i 'm not sure what 's funny about his squad getting their asses handed to them . 
 at least he 's a good sport . 
 i grab maddy by the shoulders and pull her to her feet . 
 her hands fall to her sides and i can see that her face is ashen . 
 her eyes are red-rimmed and distant , totally checked out . 
 i do n't even want to imagine what the mogs did to shut her down like this . 
 she 's deadweight in my arms . 
 `` come on ! '' 
 i shout , shaking her by the shoulders . 
 and then something strange happens . 
 i feel energy welling up in my core and rushing out through my limbs , fingertips tingling . 
 maddy must feel something too-a rush , a burst of energy-because her eyes snap into focus . 
 `` what-what are you doing ? '' 
 she says in a shaky voice . 
 i do n't know how i know , or even exactly how i did it , but i 'm certain that a new legacy has just presented itself based on the feeling coursing through me . 
 `` just trust me for now , '' i say . 
 `` go with it , okay ? '' 
 taking maddy by the hand , i run toward the nearest wall . 
 the mog with the broken nose tries to cut us off , but i knock an end table into his legs , upending him . 
 when we reach the wall , i feel that rush again , and know instinctively that i 've extended my antigravity legacy to maddy . 
 that must be what i felt just a second ago-i now have the ability to share my powers with someone else , but i have no idea how long it will last . 
 i kick out , still holding her hand , and feel the axis of the room shift as i run up the wall . 
 at first it feels like maddy 's just going to let me drag her but then she follows , defying gravity a few steps behind me . 
 i smile to myself as she lets out a gasp , not quite believing what she 's doing . 
 `` almost there , '' i shout over my shoulder . 
 i lead us toward the window . 
 escape is only a few feet away . 
 i realize that we are n't being chased anymore . 
 are they letting us go ? 
 suddenly maddy plants her feet . 
 i jerk to a stop , still holding her hand . 
 i turn to face her , expecting one of the mogs to have grabbed her . 
 but she 's just standing her . 
 `` maddy ? '' 
 the sight of her , eyes downcast , face ghostly pale , does n't make any sense to me . 
 something tells me i should run , but i ca n't bring myself to let go of her hand . 
 i look down and see a taser in a white-knuckled grip in her free hand . 
 where did she get that ? 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' she says . 
 and then she tases me . 
 the electric current surges through us both . 
 we fall off the ceiling , both of us spasming , bouncing hard off the floor . 
 the mogs descend on us . 
 chapter twenty i come to in the back of a van . 
 i 'm seated on a bench , my hands bound behind me , my ankles similarly secured . 
 i can tell that we 're traveling fast . 
 my spine bounces uncomfortably against the van 's steel wall . 
 maddy is seated across from me . 
 the look of shell shock has returned to her face . 
 she keeps her eyes pinned to the van 's floor . 
 they have n't even bothered to tie her up . 
 it 's starting to dawn on me why that is , but i put it out of my head . 
 i 'm not ready to think about it now . 
 next to maddy is the huge mogadorian from the apartment . 
 he studies a small object , turning it over in his thick hands . 
 it 's my imog . 
 the mog notices that i 'm awake and watching him . 
 his lips peel back and i 'm forced to endure his sickening smile up close . 
 `` cute toy , '' he says , holding up my imog . 
 the screen is littered with red dots . 
 `` too bad it did n't do you any good this time . '' 
 he crushes the device between his hands , dropping it mangled to the van floor . 
 he watches with amusement as i strain against my bonds . 
 there 's no give at all in the metal shackles securing my wrists and ankles . 
 i take a closer look around the back of the van ; the benches on either side are bolted to the floor , a chain-link mesh separating us from the driver , nothing else of note . 
 there 's no escape . 
 i consider throwing myself at him . 
 maybe i can get close enough to bite him . 
 however , i 'm not just shackled , i 'm also chained to the bench . 
 they 've taken every precaution . 
 `` you 're stuck with me , '' says the mog , sensing my resignation . 
 i grit my teeth and stare at him . 
 he smiles back . 
 `` tell me . 
 where is your cepan ? '' 
 `` rio de janeiro , '' i reply , picking the first place that comes to mind . 
 he scoffs . 
 `` how stupid do you think we are ? '' 
 `` pretty freaking stupid . '' 
 `` hmm . 
 we found you , did n't we ? 
 one of my scouts goes missing . 
 his last reported location is the chicago lakefront , tailing a boy matching your description . 
 for my scout to simply disappear , i figure you brought him someplace . 
 so , you must have a safe house in the area . '' 
 he kicks the broken pieces of my imog . 
 `` you must have a way to get the drop on him . '' 
 i try to keep my expression neutral , but inside i 'm screaming . 
 this is my fault . 
 `` where is your cepan ? '' 
 repeats the mog . 
 `` where is your safe house ? '' 
 `` you do n't know ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` tough luck , dude . 
 i guess you 're on your own . '' 
 he sighs . 
 `` so much bravado . 
 i wonder if that will hold true once we 've killed our way to whatever number you are . '' 
 my mind races . 
 i try to figure out how much the mogs could know . 
 they had my description , knew that i liked the lakefront , and guessed that we had some way to see them coming . 
 what else could they know ? 
 how much did i tell maddy about my life ? 
 maddy . 
 i look over at her . 
 it had to be her . 
 she was helping them . 
 but why would she do that ? 
 and how long has it been going on ? 
 did they get to her after the car chase ? 
 coerce her somehow ? 
 could she be one of them ? 
 i dismiss the last possibility-my imog would have alerted me . 
 i remember the mess my fight with the mogadorians made in maddy 's room , the contents of her purse all over the floor . 
 so many id cards . 
 way more than normal . 
 i did n't think anything of it in the heat of battle . 
 those ids , just like the one i have for windy city wall , but different . 
 i realize they were membership ids for rec centers all over chicago . 
 my stomach turns over as i think back to the way maddy looked at me on that first day . 
 so interested at first , yet nervous when i noticed her , and then disappearing before i could talk to her . 
 `` you were looking for me , '' i say , dumbfounded . 
 the mogadorian lounges back , lazily draping an arm around maddy 's shoulders . 
 she shudders and attempts to shrink away , but he holds her close . 
 her just happening to show up at the thrift store . 
 taking my picture . 
 the way the mogs appeared in that van on the night of our date . 
 how mad she was at the end of the car chase . 
 none of it was coincidence . 
 as much as i do n't want it to , suddenly maddy 's interest in me begins to make sense . 
 `` you lorien act so high and mighty , yet you 're just like the humans . 
 all it takes is a pretty face to cloud your judgment . '' 
 he pinches maddy 's cheek . 
 i make a futile lunge forward , only succeeding in rattling my chains and hurting my wrists . 
 the mog chortles . 
 `` so chivalrous , '' he sneers . 
 `` are you so dense that you do n't realize what 's happened ? 
 she betrayed you , boy . 
 the girl works for us . 
 we 've had her for some time , although we did n't know what to do with her . 
 humans . 
 so useless , you know ? 
 but when we asked her to find you , she did a bang-up job . 
 did n't you , sweetheart ? '' 
 he gives maddy a mockingly affectionate squeeze . 
 i know all this is true , as true as the electric shock she pumped into my body just a few hours ago , but i do n't want to believe it . 
 there has to be an explanation . 
 i ignore the mog , trying to catch maddy 's eye . 
 `` why ? '' 
 i ask her . 
 her mouth tightens , almost as if she has to stop herself from answering . 
 he responds for her . 
 `` her father the so-called astronomer saw something he should n't have , '' he says . 
 `` these primitives and their telescopes , sometimes they get lucky . 
 we were forced to detain him and her mother . '' 
 i can see the pain in maddy 's face as the mog gleefully finishes his explanation . 
 `` she traded you for them . '' 
 chapter twenty-one the mog spends the next couple of hours trying to wheedle information out of me , alternating between taunting me and trying to frighten me . 
 i adopt a strict policy of silence and eventually he gives up . 
 but i know it 's not over . 
 we ride on in silence . 
 i stare at maddy . 
 she never once looks up at me . 
 if what the mog told me is true-and it must be , or otherwise maddy would have defended herself-then she 's been playing me since i first saw her . 
 the connection i felt between us was just a sham , something i let myself believe because of how desperate and lonely i was . 
 i was so stupid to believe that a girl like maddy would be interested in me . 
 and yet the more i study maddy 's face , the more i 'm able to convince myself that maybe it was n't all just some mog trick . 
 she looks terrified , like she 's stuck in a nightmare that refuses to end . 
 but it is n't just terror that keeps her from looking at me . 
 that 's guilt . 
 she would n't feel guilty if there had never been anything at all between us . 
 would she ? 
 sandor was right . 
 i 've been acting like a child . 
 i know the responsible thing to do is to remain silent , to keep up my air of detachment until a way to escape presents itself . 
 but i need to know the truth . 
 `` did you ever like me ? '' 
 i ask maddy . 
 maddy cringes when i speak . 
 the mog claps his hands , delighted , but i ignore him . 
 slowly , maddy raises her head to look at me . 
 `` i 'm s-sorry , '' she stammers . 
 `` i 'm sorry i did n't get a chance to know you better . '' 
 `` how romantic , '' quips the mog , and then he grabs maddy roughly by the shoulders , shoving a black hood over her head . 
 `` you 're next , loverboy , '' says the mog , yanking a hood over my head as well . 
 i never have a chance to ask maddy what she meant . 
 sitting in the dark , i try to put myself in maddy 's position . 
 what would i do if the mogs had taken sandor hostage and forced me to work for them ? 
 i 'd kill them all , of course . 
 but , that really was n't an option for maddy . 
 i do n't blame maddy , i realize . 
 how could she have done anything different ? 
 she had no idea what was really at stake . 
 i can still fix this . 
 i can escape , and i 'll bring maddy with me . 
 it does n't matter what she did . 
 i know she 's not the real enemy here . 
 the van stops and the mogs pull me and maddy out . 
 we stumble along in darkness , at first over rough terrain that i take for the woods , and then over metal grates that cause our footsteps to echo loudly . 
 wherever the mogs have taken us , it sounds cavernous and busy , activity reverberating around us . 
 for a while i keep track of maddy 's footsteps as she staggers behind me , but at some point the mogs yank her in a different direction . 
 they prod me onward , forcing me to shuffle awkwardly with my shackled ankles across narrow catwalks and down endless hallways . 
 finally , we stop . 
 the large mog from the van yanks the hood off my head , ripping out a few strands of my hair in the process . 
 we 're in a dark room with no furniture or distinguishing features to speak of , only a single large window cut out of one wall . 
 some other mogs have gathered there , most of them leering at me , others excitedly peering out the window . 
 `` i thought you 'd like to see this , '' says the mog , dragging me by the elbow over to the window . 
 the room is some kind of observatory . 
 outside the window , below us , i see maddy walking through a large , empty room . 
 seeing her alone down there , my stomach begins to churn . 
 a door at the opposite end of the room hisses open and a middle-aged man and woman step slowly into view . 
 they both look thin and dirty . 
 the man is particularly haggard , one sleeve of his yellowed dress shirt actually ripped off and tied around his forehead in a crude bandage . 
 the woman has to partially support him as the pair walk toward maddy . 
 `` we promised we 'd reunite her with her parents when she brought us to you , '' muses the mog . 
 `` a job well done , i 'd say . '' 
 maddy races across the room , nearly bowling over her parents when she reaches them . 
 they hug and i can see even from this distance that they are all crying . 
 i press my forehead to the glass , wishing i could be down there with them . 
 `` however , '' says the mog , `` we never said we 'd let them leave . '' 
 i hear the beast before i see it , a ferocious roar rattling the walls around us . 
 the mogs on either side of me shift in excitement as the creature lumbers into view . 
 sandor told me about the piken and the role they played in the destruction of lorien , but i 've never seen one in person . 
 the piken is as big as a truck with a body that would resemble an ox if not for the two extra legs and row of twisted spikes that curve down its spine . 
 its head is snakelike and narrow , its slavering mouth filled with crooked fangs . 
 maddy 's father sees the piken first . 
 he tries to put himself between his family and the beast , but he 's too weak . 
 he collapses onto one knee before the piken has even begun to circle . 
 maddy is looking up at the observatory window . 
 i 'm not sure if she can see me . 
 she waves her arms and screams . 
 it 's hard to hear exactly what she 's saying through the thick glass , but i think it 's `` you promised ! '' 
 over and over . 
 and then , as the piken lunges forward , her words change . 
 this time , i have no problem reading her lips . 
 `` stanley ! '' 
 maddy screams . 
 `` help us ! '' 
 i throw up . 
 my mouth tastes like bile . 
 i sink down to my knees , humiliated , turning my head away from the gruesome scene below . 
 the mogs laugh and cheer . 
 this is like sport to them . 
 the big one pats my shoulder companionably . 
 `` if it 's any consolation , '' he says , `` pretty soon that will be you down there . '' 
 chapter twenty-two my life becomes push-ups and silence . 
 the mogs have stuck me in a small cell and seem to have forgotten me . 
 there 's no night and day here and , as best as i can tell , they only feed me when they feel like it . 
 keeping track of the time becomes impossible . 
 so i do push-ups . 
 on the floor , on the walls , on the ceiling-wherever i can in my tiny prison . 
 i think about sandor . 
 i have faith that he 's still out there looking for me . 
 one day he 'll find me . 
 we will break out of here and i will kill every mog that dares stand in my way . 
 i thought i was in good shape before , but i 'm getting bigger and stronger . 
 i can tell by the way the mogs who bring my food keep a careful distance that i intimidate them . 
 i 'm glad . 
 let them think about what 's coming when i get out of here . 
 i hope they dream about it like i do . 
 sometimes the large mog who captured me , or one of the other important-looking ones , stops by my cell to ask me some vague question . 
 where have i hidden my transmission device ? 
 what do i know about spain ? 
 i never answer . 
 i have n't spoken since my first day here . 
 i grunt and growl , and show them my teeth . 
 let them think that i 've gone crazy , that captivity has turned me into some kind of animal . 
 maybe it has . 
 when i sleep , the nightmares come . 
 they feel as real as the vision i had of lorien , but offer none of the comfort . 
 in them , an enormous mogadorian covered in heinous tattoos and scars points a golden weapon shaped like a giant hammer in my direction . 
 on the flat part is painted a black eye that pulses when aimed at me , creating a sensation like having my guts scooped out . 
 somehow , i know who this giant monster is . 
 setrakus ra . 
 my enemy . 
 sleeping is bad , but sometimes being awake is even worse . 
 these are days where i feel like i ca n't breathe . 
 it feels as if the entire cavernous prison is sitting on top of me . 
 the need to escape becomes primal then , and i throw myself against the glowing blue force field that keeps me in my cell , letting it buffet me across the tiny space until i 'm too exhausted to do it again . 
 the nausea sets in then . 
 i learn to fight through it . 
 each time i hit the force field , it hurts a little less . 
 i try not to think about maddy . 
 one day the mogs take me out of my cell . 
 if i had to guess , i 'd say that it has been months since i came here . 
 they lead me to a different cell , where they place me behind another blue force field . 
 the large mog from the van is in the room , seated on what i immediately recognize as a loric chest . 
 my loric chest . 
 `` we found him in ohio , '' says the mog matter-of-factly . 
 `` snooping around the office of a little newsletter we 've been keeping under surveillance . 
 looking for you . '' 
 he presses a button and a panel in the back of the cell raises . 
 my heart stops when i see what 's behind it . 
 it 's sandor . 
 my cepan hangs upside down from the ceiling . 
 he 's been badly beaten-both of his eyes are blackened , his lips swollen , his torso marred by grisly slashes . 
 perhaps worst of all , they have torn out chunks of his usually perfectly maintained hair and left his finely tailored suit in tatters . 
 he is not at all the man i remember . 
 they 've destroyed him . 
 my eyes fill with tears , but i fight them back . 
 sandor sucks in a breath when he sees me . 
 i wonder how different i must look to him after these months of captivity . 
 it 's hard to say with his face so swollen and covered in bruises , but sandor looks almost happy . 
 i 'm ashamed of myself-both because it 's my fault we 've been captured , and because i 'm so powerless . 
 `` my young ward , '' he whispers . 
 the mog turns to me . 
 he 's holding a wicked-looking dagger . 
 `` your little vow of silence routine has been fun , '' the mog says to me . 
 `` but it ends today . '' 
 he walks over to sandor and lightly drags the dagger down his sternum . 
 `` i do n't think you know anything , '' muses my captor . 
 `` nothing that we do n't know already , at least . '' 
 he shrugs . 
 `` but i 'm going to torture your cepan anyway . 
 until you ask me to stop . '' 
 he wants to break me . 
 i say nothing . 
 i remember sandor 's lectures on what to do if the unthinkable should happen and i 'm captured . 
 do n't give them anything , he told me . 
 even the slightest bit of information could hurt the other garde who are still in hiding . 
 do n't let them make you weak . 
 i hope it 's not too late to make sandor proud . 
 i stare into sandor 's eyes . 
 he stares back until the mog begins making his cuts ; precise , surgical slices that must hurt like hell but are n't deep enough to kill . 
 my cepan clenches his eyes shut , screaming into his gag . 
 when the mog is finished , sandor has passed out from the pain and a pool of blood has collected on the cell floor beneath him . 
 i keep my silence . 
 the next day , it starts over . 
 i keep my body rigid and my mouth shut . 
 when sandor can manage to focus on me , i think that i see pride in his eyes . 
 this continues for days . 
 after every session , the mogs return me to my cell , where i shake uncontrollably until the routine starts over again . 
 when they take sandor 's fingers off , i have to turn away . 
 at the next session , the mog hums tunelessly while he cuts away at sandor . 
 my cepan flits in and out of consciousness . 
 i wait for him to make eye contact with me before i finally speak . 
 `` i 'm sorry for everything , '' i croak , my voice like gravel after months of disuse . 
 the mog spins to face me , stunned . 
 `` what did you say ? '' 
 barely able to move , sandor can manage only a subtle shake of his head , as if to absolve me of all the mistakes that led us here . 
 i do n't find any peace in forgiveness , but maybe sandor does in the forgiving . 
 sandor closes his eyes . 
 and something in me snaps . 
 mustering every bit of strength i have , i hurl myself against the force field , ignoring the pain . 
 there 's a buzz and a crackle and then the sound of a small explosion and i find myself sprawled on the floor of the room , looking up at the mogadorians , whose monstrous faces betray their shock at what i 've managed to do . 
 i 've disabled the force field . 
 i 'm through . 
 i know i only have a second to act before the element of surprise wears off . 
 i push through overwhelming dizziness and nausea and try to use my telekinesis to wrest the dagger from the mog 's hand , but nothing happens . 
 the field must have somehow zapped my legacies . 
 for now , i 'll have to rely on the part of me that 's human . 
 normal . 
 the mogs lunge for me , but i 'm ready for them . 
 i kick the first one in the stomach , knocking the wind out of him and sending him flying , and yank the other one 's ankles , pulling his legs out from under him . 
 his head makes a loud crack against the floor and i jump to my feet . 
 they 're both knocked out , but not for long . 
 i grab the dagger from the floor where the mogadorian from the van dropped it , and i 'm contemplating which one to kill first when i hear a grunt from behind me . 
 it 's sandor . 
 `` no , '' he mutters . 
 i spin around to face him . 
 his eyes are open again , and it seems like he 's using every bit of energy he has to speak . 
 `` not them , '' he says . 
 `` it wo n't do any good . 
 there will just be more . '' 
 `` then what ? '' 
 i ask . 
 my voice catches in my throat . 
 this is n't fair . 
 it was n't how it was supposed to be . 
 `` what should i do ? '' 
 `` you know what you have to do , '' he says . 
 `` i ca n't . 
 i wo n't . '' 
 `` you 've always known i would die for you . 
 that i would die for lorien . '' 
 i almost argue with him , but there 's not time . 
 the mogs behind me are beginning to come to . 
 i know he 's right . 
 and i know what i must do . 
 i take the dagger and plunge it deep into sandor 's heart . 
 my cepan is dead . 
 i barely know what 's happening as they pull me off him and drag me back to my cell . 
 they 're yelling at me-screaming really , madder than i 've ever seen them-but it 's like they 're speaking another language . 
 i have no idea what they 're saying , and i do n't care . 
 it was mercy , what i did . 
 the last bit of mercy left in me . 
 there will be none left when i get my chance again . 
 chapter twenty-three the mogs leave me to rot in my cell ; the only contact comes in the form of the occasional tray of slop under my door . 
 i try to bust through the force field again and again , but it does n't work this time . 
 they must have increased its strength . 
 they 're afraid of me . 
 i do n't blame them . 
 sometimes i 'm a little afraid of me too . 
 i cling to the memories of sandor and maddy , reliving their last moments . 
 i feel the rage bubble up inside me and my mind shuts off . 
 when i return to myself , i 'm sweating , my knuckles bloodied , chips of stone hacked out of the walls of my cell . 
 i 've forgiven maddy but i have n't forgiven myself . 
 there is nothing else to do but wait , remember , and get stronger . 
 and then one day it happens . 
 i can tell something is going wrong . 
 there 's a rumbling from below that causes dust to fall from the ceiling . 
 i can hear large groups of mogs running by my door , voices raised in panic . 
 wrong for the mogs could mean right for me . 
 i feel a rush of energy like i have n't felt since the first time sandor let me loose in the lecture hall . 
 i ca n't keep my fists from clenching and unclenching . 
 i walk as close to the door as i can without triggering the bubbling force field . 
 i feel like those bulls at the rodeos right before they 're let free from their pens . 
 when the force field flickers and disappears , i almost ca n't believe it . 
 the sickly blue light has been a fixture of my world for so long that it takes my mind a moment to adjust to its absence . 
 there is a voice on the other side of my door . 
 it 's not a mogadorian voice ; it 's a teenage one . 
 i do n't know what he 's asking and i do n't care . 
 `` shut up and stand back , kid . '' 
 i tear the door loose and throw it into the hall . 
 i 'm stronger than i remember being . 
 part of the ceiling collapses with its impact and i can see the larger of the two boys in the hall focus , using his own telekinesis to shield himself and his friend from the rubble . 
 a garde . 
 it 's about time . 
 a dorky-looking runt is pointing a gun at me . 
 his hands are shaking badly . 
 the garde gets a good look at me and drops the two chests that he 's carrying . 
 one of them is mine . 
 `` what number are you ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` i 'm four . '' 
 i study him . 
 for some reason , i expected the other garde to be bigger . 
 four has to be about my age , yet he seems so much younger . 
 younger and softer . 
 i shake his hand . 
 `` i 'm nine . 
 good job staying alive , number four . '' 
 four and the other boy , a human named sam , explain to me what they 're doing here while i rummage through my chest . 
 i 'm not really listening until they get to sam 's story-his father missing , possibly taken by mogs . 
 i wish i could save him . 
 i wish i could save everyone . 
 but i ca n't . 
 and who was there to save maddy ? 
 who was there to save sandor ? 
 i fish a stone out of my chest that i remember sandor using when he was deconstructing a particularly complicated machine . 
 it let him see through parts , into their inner workings . 
 it should allow sam to see through walls , maybe find his father . 
 all he needs is a little juice . 
 i press my thumb to sam 's forehead , sharing my power with him . 
 `` you 've got about ten minutes . 
 get to it . '' 
 he takes off down the hall . 
 and that 's when the mogs finally come . 
 they stream down the corridor . 
 i pluck my pipe-staff out of the chest and rush to meet them . 
 i spring up the wall , along the ceiling , moving faster than i can remember moving before . 
 they do n't even see me coming until i 've dropped among them , impaling two of them on the end of the staff . 
 i 've waited so long for this . 
 i feel giddy as i tear my way through the mogs-caving in a skull here , crushing a sternum there . 
 i whirl through their ranks , spinning my pipe-staff as i go . 
 was the mog that captured me and tortured sandor in that first group ? 
 it does n't matter ; they all die the same . 
 i 'll get him now or i 'll get him later . 
 i do n't realize that i 'm laughing until the bitter taste of mogadorian ash fills my mouth . 
 i savor it . 
 the skirmish is over too soon . 
 i 'm sprinting along the wall back to four and sam in seconds , trailing a cloud of ash . 
 i want more . 
 `` we have to go , '' says four . 
 i do n't want to go . 
 i want to tear this place apart . 
 yet something tells me that i should listen to this boy , that we should stick together . 
 it 's what sandor would want . 
 we have to fight our way out . 
 my mind shuts off as the fighting grows more intense . 
 at some point i realize that four and i have become separated from sam . 
 i feel bad for the kid-another piece of human collateral damage . 
 my sympathy is quickly drowned out by the urge to tear this entire place down . 
 i drive my pipe-staff into the neck of a piken . 
 i 'm straddling its neck as it collapses , its blood spraying me , blending with my coat of mogadorian ash . 
 i can taste it mixing with the coppery tang of my own blood . 
 i 'm grinning . 
 four stares at me aghast , like i 'm only a little better than the monsters we 're killing . 
 `` are you crazy ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` you 're enjoying this ? '' 
 `` i 've been locked up for over a year , '' i tell him . 
 `` this is the best day of my life ! '' 
 it 's true . 
 i have n't felt this good in forever . 
 still , i try to downplay just how much i 'm loving this . 
 i do n't want to freak four out . 
 for all his judgment , four does n't hesitate to take my hand when we need to use my antigravity legacy to escape . 
 it 's a long and brutal fight . 
 when we finally catch a glimpse of daylight , i feel disappointed . 
 i wish they 'd never stop coming . 
 i glance at four . 
 he 's pretty beaten up , but he 's killed his fair share of mogs and piken on the way out , even if he lacks my enthusiasm . 
 perhaps we 'll make a warrior out of him yet . 
 we escape from the mogadorian base and i greedily suck in my first breath of free air in more than a year . 
 immediately , i gag . 
 the smell of dead animals is overwhelming . 
 four and i jog for the tree line . 
 he barely makes it there , collapsing against a tree almost immediately . 
 he 's in rough shape physically and , if the tears are any indication , equally bad shape mentally . 
 he 's beating himself up over leaving sam behind . 
 i know a thing or two about guilt , but i do n't know what the hell to say to this kid . 
 buck up , champ , we 'll kill them next time ? 
 everything i think of seems hollow , so i keep my mouth shut . 
 he 'll learn to shut off his emotions eventually . 
 emotions will get you killed . 
 they 'll get someone else killed too . 
 as i press a healing stone to four 's back , the sky overhead begins to writhe with an ominous - looking storm . 
 at first four thinks it 's number six coming to help us . 
 it 's not . 
 it 's setrakus ra . 
 despite seeing him in nightly visions , i 'm not prepared for his true size . 
 he is bigger than any mogadorian i 've ever seen , utterly repulsive even from this distance . 
 the sight of the three lorien pendants glowing around his thick neck causes me to clench my fists , fingernails digging into my palms . 
 suddenly i understand exactly what sandor was training me for . 
 this is the battle i was meant to fight . 
 killing setrakus ra is the destiny i 've been chasing . 
 together with four , i charge . 
 chapter twenty-four `` is he okay ? '' 
 i ask . 
 he needs rest , the chimra 's kind voice says inside my mind . 
 talking to animals , that 's new . 
 it 's been a day of surprises . 
 so much has happened , i do n't even have time to consider my newly discovered legacy . 
 i 'll figure it out later , when things have settled down . 
 if they ever settle down . 
 four stretches across the backseat of his suv , nearly doubled over . 
 his chimra , named for some weak human athlete , lies next to him , gently licking his face . 
 i 'm reminded of my dream , of playing with my own chimra on lorien , but i push that memory back down with all the other things i want to forget . 
 the war has begun . 
 i have only one purpose . 
 the coward setrakus ra fled into the mogadorian base before we could get to him . 
 with four getting wrecked by the force field and no way back into the base , i decided to make a strategic retreat . 
 ra 's day will come . 
 when i told four that i 'd stab him once for every day his people had sandor tortured , i meant it . 
 i start the engine . 
 it 's the first time i 've driven since that fateful night with maddy . 
 i think about the way she clutched my arm as we screamed through red lights , then discard that memory as well . 
 `` so what 's our next move ? '' 
 i ask four . 
 `` head north , '' he says . 
 `` i think north would be good . '' 
 `` you got it , boss . '' 
 i already knew where we were heading , but it 's easier not to have to convince four . 
 it will be good to see chicago again . 
 i 'm pretty sure the mogadorians never found our safe house-they would have bragged about it if they had , used it to demoralize me even more . 
 it should still be there , on the top floor of the john hancock center , a safe place for me to plan our next move . 
 a place filled with painful memories i 'll have to ignore . 
 i drive north , my foot heavy on the gas . 
 it 's ironic . 
 at last i have my freedom . 
 but at a price . 
 now my destiny is mine to choose . 
 and i 've already chosen . 
 today will go down as a dark day in the mogadorian history books . 
 it is the day that they allowed me to get loose . 
 in whatever dismal corner of the universe the mogadorians that manage to escape me gather , this day will be discussed in hushed tones as when the annihilation of their race became a certainty . 
 i 'm going to kill them all . 
