 chapter one katarina says there is more than one way to hide . 
 before we came down here to mexico , we lived in a suburb of denver . 
 my name then was sheila , a name i hate even more than my current name , kelly . 
 we lived there for two years , and i wore barrettes in my hair and pink rubber bracelets on my wrists , like all the other girls at my school . 
 i had sleepovers with some of them , the girls i called `` my friends . '' 
 i went to school during the school year , and in the summer i went to a swimmers ' camp at the ymca . 
 i liked my friends and the life we had there okay , but i had already been moved around by my cepan katarina enough to know that it was n't going to be permanent . 
 i knew it was n't my real life . 
 my real life took place in our basement , where katarina and i did combat training . 
 by day , it was an ordinary suburban rec room , with a big comfy couch and a tv in one corner and a ping-pong table in the other . 
 by night , it was a well-stocked combat training gym , with hanging bags , floor mats , weapons , and even a makeshift pommel horse . 
 in public , katarina played the part of my mother , claiming that her `` husband '' and my `` father '' had been killed in a car accident when i was an infant . 
 our names , our lives , our stories were all fictions , identities for me and katarina to hide behind . 
 but those identities allowed us to live out in the open . 
 acting normal . 
 blending in : that was one way of hiding . 
 but we slipped up . 
 to this day i can remember our conversation as we drove away from denver , headed to mexico for no other reason than we 'd never been there , both of us trying to figure out how exactly we 'd blown our cover . 
 something i said to my friend eliza had contradicted something katarina had said to eliza 's mother . 
 before denver we 'd lived in nova scotia for a cold , cold winter , but as i remembered it , our story , the lie we 'd agreed to tell , was that we 'd lived in boston before denver . 
 katarina remembered differently , and claimed tallahassee as our previous home . 
 then eliza told her mother and that 's when people started to get suspicious . 
 it was hardly a calamitous exposure . 
 we had no immediate reason to believe our slip would raise the kind of suspicion that could attract the mogadorians to our location . 
 but our life had gone sour there , and katarina figured we 'd been there long enough as it was . 
 so we moved yet again . 
 the sun is bright and hard in puerto blanco , the air impossibly dry . 
 katarina and i make no attempt to blend in with the other residents , mexican farmers and their children . 
 our only regular contact with the locals is our once-a-week trip into town to buy essentials at the small store . 
 we are the only whites for many miles , and though we both speak good spanish , there 's no confusing us for natives of the place . 
 to our neighbors , we are the gringas , strange white recluses . 
 `` sometimes you can hide just as effectively by sticking out , '' katarina says . 
 she appears to be right . 
 we have been here almost a year and we have n't been bothered once . 
 we lead a lonely but ordered life in a sprawling , single-level shack tucked between two big patches of farmland . 
 we wake up with the sun , and before eating or showering katarina has me run drills in the backyard : running up and down a small hill , doing calisthenics , and practicing tai chi . 
 we take advantage of the two relatively cool hours of morning . 
 morning drills are followed by a light breakfast , then three hours of studies : languages , world history , and whatever other subjects katarina can dig up from the internet . 
 she says her teaching method and subject matter are `` eclectic . '' 
 i do n't know what that word means , but i 'm just grateful for the variety . 
 katarina is a quiet , thoughtful woman , and though she 's the closest thing i have to a mother , she 's very different from me . 
 studies are probably the highlight of her day . 
 i prefer drills . 
 after studies it 's back out into the blazing sun , where the heat makes me dizzy enough that i can almost hallucinate my imagined enemies . 
 i do battle with straw men : shooting them with arrows , stabbing them with knives , or simply pummeling them with my bare fists . 
 but half-blind from the sun , i see them as mogadorians , and i relish the chance to tear them to pieces . 
 katarina says even though i am only thirteen years old , i 'm so agile and so strong i could easily take down even a well-trained adult . 
 one of the nice things about living in puerto blanco is that i do n't have to hide my skills . 
 back in denver , whether swimming at the y or just playing on the street , i always had to hold back , to keep myself from revealing the superior speed and strength that katarina 's training regimen has resulted in . 
 we keep to ourselves out here , away from the eyes of others , so i do n't have to hide . 
 today is sunday , so our afternoon drills are short , only an hour . 
 i am shadowboxing with katarina in the backyard , and i can feel her eagerness to quit : her moves are halfhearted , she 's squinting against the sun , and she looks tired . 
 i love training and could go all day , but out of deference to her i suggest we call it a day . 
 `` oh , i suppose we could finish early , '' she says . 
 i grin privately , allowing her to think i 'm the tired one . 
 we go inside and katarina pours us two tall glasses of agua fresca , our customary sunday treat . 
 the fan is blowing full force in our humble shack 's living room . 
 katarina boots up her various computers while i kick off my dirty , sweat-filled fighting boots and collapse to the floor . 
 i stretch my arms to keep them from knotting up , then swing them to the bookshelf in the corner and pull out a tall stack of the board games we keep there . 
 risk , stratego , othello . 
 katarina has tried to interest me in games like life and monopoly , saying it would n't hurt to be `` well-rounded . '' 
 but those games never held my interest . 
 katarina got the hint , and now we only play combat and strategy games . 
 risk is my favorite , and since we finished early today i think katarina will agree to playing it even though it 's a longer game than the others . 
 `` risk ? '' 
 katarina is at her desk chair , pivoting from one screen to the next . 
 `` risk of what ? '' 
 she asks absently . 
 i laugh , then shake the box near her head . 
 she does n't look up from the screens , but the sound of all those pieces rattling around inside the box is enough for her to get it . 
 `` oh , '' she says . 
 `` sure . '' 
 i set up the board . 
 without asking , i divvy up the armies into hers and mine , and begin placing them all across the game 's map . 
 we 've played this game so much i do n't need to ask her which countries she 'd like to claim , or which territories she 'd like to fortify . 
 she always chooses the u.s. and asia . 
 i happily place her pieces on those territories , knowing that from my more easily defended territories i will quickly grow armies strong enough to crush hers . 
 i 'm so absorbed in setting up the game i do n't even notice katarina 's silence , her absorption . 
 it is only when i crack my neck loudly and she neglects to scold me for it - `` please do n't , '' she usually says , squeamish about the sound it makes-that i look up and see her , staring openmouthed at one of her monitors . 
 `` kat ? '' 
 i ask . 
 she 's silent . 
 i get up from the floor , stepping across the game board to join her at her desk . 
 it is only then that i see what has so completely captured her attention . 
 a breaking news item about some kind of explosion on a bus in england . 
 i groan . 
 katarina is always checking the internet and the news for mysterious deaths . 
 deaths that could be the work of the mogadorians . 
 deaths that could mean the second member of the garde has been defeated . 
 she 's been doing it since we came to earth , and i 've grown frustrated with the doom-and-gloom of it . 
 besides , it 's not like it did us any good the first time . 
 i was nine years old , living in nova scotia with katarina . 
 our training room there was in the attic . 
 katarina had retired from training for the day , but i still had energy to burn , and was doing moores and spindles on the pommel horse alone when i suddenly felt a blast of scorching pain on my ankle . 
 i lost my balance and came crashing down to the mat , clutching my ankle and screaming in pain . 
 my first scar . 
 it meant that the mogadorians had killed number one , the first of the garde . 
 and for all of katarina 's web scouring , it had caught us both completely unaware . 
 we waited on pins and needles for weeks after , expecting a second death and a second scar to follow in short order . 
 but it did n't come . 
 i think katarina is still coiled , anxious , ready to spring . 
 but three years have passed-almost a quarter of my whole life-and it 's just not something i think about much . 
 i step between her and the monitor . 
 `` it 's sunday . 
 game time . '' 
 `` please , kelly . '' 
 she says my most recent alias with a certain stiffness . 
 i know i will always be six to her . 
 in my heart , too . 
 these aliases i use are just shells , they 're not who i really am . 
 i 'm sure back on lorien i had a name , a real name , not just a number . 
 but that 's so far back , and i 've had so many names since then , that i ca n't remember what it was . 
 six is my true name . 
 six is who i am . 
 katarina bats me aside , eager to read more details . 
 we 've lost so many game days to news alerts like this . 
 and they never turn out to be anything . 
 they 're just ordinary tragedies . 
 earth , i 've come to discover , has no shortage of tragedies . 
 `` nope . 
 it 's just a bus crash . 
 we 're playing a game . '' 
 i pull at her arms , eager for her to relax . 
 she looks so tired and worried , i know she could use the break . 
 she holds firm . 
 `` it 's a bus explosion . 
 and apparently , '' she says , pulling away to read from the screen , `` the conflict is ongoing . '' 
 `` the conflict always is , '' i say , rolling my eyes . 
 `` come on . '' 
 she shakes her head , giving one of her frazzled laughs . 
 `` okay , '' she says . 
 `` fine . '' 
 katarina pulls herself away from the monitors , sitting on the floor by the game . 
 it takes all my strength not to lick my chops at her upcoming defeat : i always win at risk . 
 i get down beside her , on my knees . 
 `` you 're right , kelly , '' she says , allowing herself to grin . 
 `` i need n't panic over every little thing - '' one of the monitors on katarina 's desk lets out a sudden ding ! 
 one of her alerts . 
 her computers are programmed to scan for unusual news reports , blog posts , even notable shifts in global weather-all sifting for possible news of the garde . 
 `` oh come on , '' i say . 
 but katarina is already off the floor and back at the desk , scrolling and clicking from link to link once again . 
 `` fine , '' i say , annoyed . 
 `` but i 'm showing no mercy when the game begins . '' 
 suddenly katarina is silent , stopped cold by something she 's found . 
 i get up off the floor and step over the board , making my way to the monitor . 
 i look at the screen . 
 it is not , as i 'd imagined , a news report from england . 
 it is a simple , anonymous blog post . 
 just a few haunting , tantalizing words : `` nine , now eight . 
 are the rest of you out there ? '' 
 chapter two there is a cry in the wilderness , from a member of the garde . 
 some girl or boy , the same age as me , looking for us . 
 in an instant i 've seized the keyboard from katarina and i hammer out a response in the comments section . 
 `` we are here . '' 
 katarina bats my hand away before i can hit enter . 
 `` six ! '' 
 i pull back , ashamed of my imprudence , my haste . 
 `` we have to be careful . 
 the mogadorians are on the hunt . 
 they 've killed one , for all we know they have a path to two , to three - '' `` but they 're alone ! '' 
 i say . 
 the words come out before i have a chance to think what i 'm saying . 
 i do n't know how i know this . 
 it 's just a hunch i have . 
 if this member of the garde has been desperate enough to reach out on the internet , looking for others , his or her cepan must have been killed . 
 i imagine my fellow garde 's panic , her fear . 
 i ca n't imagine what it would be like to lose my katarina , to be alone . 
 to consider all i deal with ... without katarina ? 
 it 's unimaginable . 
 `` what if it 's two ? 
 what if she 's in england , and the mogs are after her , and she 's reaching out for help ? '' 
 a second ago i was scoffing at katarina 's absorption in the news . 
 but this is different . 
 this is a link to someone like me . 
 now i am desperate to help them , to answer their call . 
 `` maybe it 's time , '' i say , balling my fist . 
 `` time ? '' 
 katarina is scared , wearing a baffled expression . 
 `` time to fight ! '' 
 katarina 's head falls into her hands and she laughs into her palms . 
 in moments of high stress , katarina sometimes reacts this way : she laughs when she should be stern , gets serious when she should laugh . 
 katarina looks up and i realize she is not laughing at me . 
 she is just nervous , and confused . 
 `` your legacies have n't even developed ! '' 
 she cries . 
 `` how could we possibly start the war now ? '' 
 she gets up from the desk , shaking her head . 
 `` no . 
 we are not ready to fight . 
 until your powers are manifest , we will not start this battle . 
 until the garde is ready , we must hide . '' 
 `` then we have to send her a message . '' 
 `` her ? 
 you do n't know it 's a she ! 
 for all we know , it 's no one . 
 just some random person using language that accidentally tripped my alert . '' 
 `` i know it 's one of us , '' i say , fixing katarina with my eyes . 
 `` and you do too . '' 
 katarina nods , admitting defeat . 
 `` just one message . 
 to let them know they 're not alone . 
 to give her hope . '' '' 
 ` her ' again , '' laughs katarina , almost sadly . 
 i think it 's a girl because i imagine whoever wrote the message to be like me . 
 a more scared and more alone version of me-one who 's been deprived of her cepan . 
 `` okay , '' she says . 
 i step between her and the monitor , my fingers hovering over the keys . 
 i decide the message i 've already typed - `` we are here '' - will suffice . 
 i hit enter . 
 katarina shakes her head , ashamed to have indulged me so recklessly . 
 within moments she is at the computer , scrubbing any trace of our location from the transmission . 
 `` feel better ? '' 
 she asks , turning off the monitor . 
 i do , a little . 
 to think i 've given a bit of solace and comfort to one of the garde makes me feel good , connected to the larger struggle . 
 before i can respond i 'm electrified by a pain , the likes of which i 've only known once before ; a lava-hot lancet digging through the flesh of my right ankle . 
 my leg shoots out from beneath me , and i scream , attempting to distance myself from the pain by holding my ankle as far from the rest of me as i can . 
 then i see it : the flesh on my ankle sizzling , popping with smoke . 
 a new scar , my second , snakes its way across my skin . 
 `` katarina ! '' 
 i scream , punching the floor with my fists , desperate with pain . 
 katarina is frozen in horror , unable to help . 
 `` the second , '' she says . 
 `` number two is dead . '' 
 chapter three katarina rushes to the tap , fills a pitcher , and dumps it across my leg . 
 i am nearly catatonic from the pain , biting my lip so hard it bleeds . 
 i watch the water sizzle as it hits my burned flesh , then it floods the game board , washing the army pieces off onto the floor . 
 `` you win , '' i say , making a feeble joke . 
 katarina does n't acknowledge my attempt at wit . 
 my protector , she has gone into full-on cepan mode : pulling first-aid supplies out from every corner of our shack . 
 before i know it she 's applied a cooling salve to my scar and wrapped and taped it with gauze . 
 `` six , '' she says , her eyes moist with fear and pity . 
 i 'm taken aback-she only uses my real name in moments of extreme crisis . 
 but then i realize that 's what this is . 
 years had passed since one 's death , without incident . 
 it had gotten easy to imagine it was a fluke . 
 if we were feeling really hopeful , we could imagine one had died in an accident . 
 that the mogadorians had n't caught our scent . 
 that time is over . 
 we know for sure now . 
 the mogadorians have found the second member of the garde , and killed him or her . 
 two 's message to us , to the world , was the last thing he or she would ever do . 
 their violent death was now written across my skin . 
 we know two deaths is no fluke . 
 the countdown has truly begun . 
 i almost faint , but pull myself to consciousness by biting my lip even harder . 
 `` six , '' katarina says , wiping the blood from my mouth with a cloth . 
 `` relax . '' 
 i shake my head . 
 no . 
 i can never relax . 
 not ever . 
 katarina is straining to keep her composure . 
 she does n't want to frighten me . 
 but she also wants to do the right thing , to honor her responsibilities as a cepan . 
 i can tell she 's torn between every possible reaction , from outright panic to philosophical cool ; whatever is the best for me and for the fate of the garde . 
 she cradles my head , wipes the sweat from my brow . 
 the water and the salve have taken the sharpest edge off the pain , but it still hurts as bad as the first time , maybe worse . 
 but i wo n't comment on it . 
 i can see that my pain , and this evidence of two 's passing , is tormenting katarina enough . 
 `` we 'll be okay , '' says katarina . 
 `` there are still many others ... . '' 
 i know she is speaking carelessly . 
 she does n't mean to put the lives of the garde before me-three , four , and five-ahead of my own . 
 she is just grasping for consolation . 
 but i wo n't let it pass . 
 `` yeah . 
 it 's so great others have to die before me . '' 
 `` that 's not what i meant . '' 
 i can see my words have upset her . 
 i sigh , putting my head against her shoulder . 
 sometimes , in my heart of hearts , i use a different name for katarina . 
 sometimes to me she 's not katarina or vicky or celeste or any of her other aliases . 
 sometimes-in my mind-i call her `` mom . '' 
 chapter four we 're on the road an hour later . 
 katarina white-knuckles the steering wheel of our truck through country roads , cursing her choice of hideaway . 
 these roads are too rough and dusty to go faster than forty miles per hour , and what we both want is the speed of a highway . 
 anything to put as much distance as possible between us and our now abandoned shack . 
 katarina did what she could to scrub our tracks , but if what we imagine is true-the mogadorians killing two seconds after we saw her fatal blog post-then they moved fast , and they could be racing towards our abandoned home right now . 
 as i watch the fields and the hills pass through the passenger window , i realize that they could already be at the shack . 
 in fact , they could already be following us on the road . 
 feeling like a coward as i do it , i crane my neck and look through the rear window , through the dust trail our truck kicks up in our wake . 
 no cars trail us . 
 not yet , at least . 
 we packed light . 
 the truck was already loaded with a first-aid kit , a lightweight camping set , bottled water , flashlights , and blankets . 
 once i was ready to walk again , all i had to do was pick out a few items of clothing for the road and retrieve my chest from the lockbox under the shack . 
 the panic of flight gave me little time to feel the searing pain of my second scar , but it returns to me now , lacerating and insistent . 
 `` we should n't have responded , '' says katarina . 
 `` i do n't know what we were thinking . '' 
 i look at katarina for signs of judgment on her face-after all , i 'm the one who insisted we write back-and i 'm relieved to find none . 
 all i see is her fear , and her determination to get us as far away as possible . 
 i realize that in the confusion and haste to flee i forgot to notice if we turned north or south at the crossing at the edge of puerto blanco . 
 `` u.s. ? '' 
 i ask . 
 katarina nods , pulling our most recent passports from the inside pocket of her army jacket , tossing mine into my lap . 
 i flip it open and peer at my new name . 
 `` maren elizabeth , '' i say aloud . 
 katarina puts a lot of time into her forgeries , though i usually complain about the names she chooses for me . 
 when i was eight and we were moving to nova scotia , i begged and begged to be named starla . 
 katarina vetoed the suggestion . 
 she thought it was too `` attention getting , '' too exotic . 
 i almost laugh to think about it now . 
 a katarina in mexico is about as exotic as you can get . 
 and of course she 's keeping it . 
 katarina has grown attached to her own name . 
 sometimes i suspect that cepans are n't so different from parents after all . 
 maren elizabeth ... it 's no starla , but i like how it sounds . 
 i reach down and cradle my calf , just above the throbbing scars on my ankle . 
 by squeezing my calf i can muffle the pain of my sizzled flesh . 
 but as the pain fades , the fear returns . 
 the fear of our present situation , the horror of two 's death . 
 i decide to let go of my calf , and i let my leg burn . 
 katarina refuses to stop the car for anything but gas and pee breaks . 
 it 's a long trip , but we have ways to pass the time . 
 mostly we play shadow , a game that katarina made up during our previous travels , out of our desire to keep training even when we could n't do physical drills . 
 `` a mogadorian scout races at you from two o'clock , wielding a twenty-inch blade in his left arm . 
 he swings . '' 
 `` i crouch , '' i say . 
 `` dodge left . '' 
 `` he swings around , the blade above your head . '' 
 `` from the ground , a kick to the groin . 
 a leg sweep , from his right side to his left . '' 
 `` on his back , but he grabs your arm . '' 
 `` i let him . 
 i use the force of his grip to swing my legs free , up , and then down to his face . 
 step on his face , pull my hand free . '' 
 it 's a strange game . 
 it forces me to separate the physical from reality , to fight with my brain and not my body . 
 i used to complain about games of shadow , saying it was all made up , that it was n't real . 
 fighting was fists , and feet , and heads . 
 it was n't brains . 
 it was n't words . 
 but the more shadow we played , the better i got at drills , especially hand-to-hand drills with katarina . 
 i could n't deny that the game made good practice . 
 it made me a better fighter . 
 i have come to love it . 
 `` i run , '' i say . 
 `` too late , '' she says . 
 i almost complain , knowing what 's coming . 
 `` you forgot about the sword , '' she says . 
 `` he 's already swung it up and nicked your flank . '' 
 `` no he did n't , '' i say . 
 `` i froze his sword and shattered it like glass . '' 
 `` oh did you , now ? '' 
 katarina is tired , eyes bloodshot from ten straight hours of driving , but i can see i 'm amusing her . 
 `` i must 've missed that part . '' 
 `` yeah , '' i say , starting to grin myself . 
 `` and how 'd you pull off that feat ? '' 
 `` my legacy . 
 it just kicked in . 
 turns out , i can freeze stuff . '' 
 this is make-believe . 
 i have yet to develop my legacies , and i have no idea what they 'll be when they arrive . 
 `` that 's a good one , '' says katarina . 
 chapter five we crossed the u.s. border hours back , without a hitch . 
 i have never understood how katarina manages to make such incredible forgeries . 
 katarina is pulling us into a dusty pit stop off the highway . 
 there 's a tiny , single-story motel , an old-fashioned and decrepit diner , and a gas station , newer and brighter than the other two buildings . 
 it is barely dusk when we step out of the truck . 
 the faintest pink of sunrise creeps over the horizon , just enough to add a strange hue to our flesh as we stumble out onto the gravel . 
 katarina curses , getting back into the car . 
 `` forgot to get gas , '' she says . 
 `` wait here . '' 
 i do as i 'm told , watching her pull the truck from the motel parking lot towards one of the pumps . 
 we have agreed to rest up at the motel for a day or two , to recover from our grueling , fifteen-hour drive and the shock of recent events . 
 but even though we 'll be here for some time , the tank must be filled : that 's katarina 's policy . 
 `` never leave an empty tank , '' she says . 
 i think she says it as much to remind herself as to educate me . 
 it 's a good policy . 
 you never know when you 'll have to leave in a hurry . 
 i watch katarina pull up to the pump and start filling the car . 
 i examine my surroundings . 
 through the front window of the diner across the lot , i can see a few grizzled-looking truckers eating . 
 through the scent of exhaust and the faint odor of gas fumes from the pumps , i can smell breakfast food in the air . 
 or maybe i 'm just imagining it . 
 i am incredibly hungry . 
 my mouth waters at the thought of breakfast . 
 i turn my back on the diner , trying not to think about food , and look at the town on the other side of the fence from the pit stop . 
 houses only a step up from clapboard shacks . 
 a ragged , desolate place . 
 `` hello , miss . '' 
 startled , i whizz around to see a tall , gray-haired cowboy strutting past . 
 it takes me a second to realize that he 's not starting a conversation , merely being polite as he passes . 
 he gives a little nod of his ten-gallon hat and proceeds past me into the diner . 
 my heart rate is up . 
 i had forgotten this aspect of the road . 
 when we 're settled in a place , even a remote one like puerto blanco , we get to know the local faces . 
 we know , more or less , who to trust . 
 i 've never seen a mogadorian in my life , but katarina says that most of the mogadorians look like anyone else . 
 after what happened to one and two , i feel a deep unease all around me , a new alertness . 
 a roadside rest stop is especially troublesome in that everyone is a stranger to everyone , so no one raises any eyebrows , not really . 
 for us that means anyone could be a threat . 
 katarina has parked the car and approaches me with a weary grin . 
 `` eat or sleep ? '' 
 she asks . 
 before i can answer , she 's raised her hand hopefully . 
 `` my vote for sleep . '' 
 `` my vote is to eat . '' 
 katarina deflates at this . 
 `` you know eat beats sleep , '' i say . 
 `` always does . '' 
 it is one of our rules of the road , and katarina quickly accepts the verdict . 
 `` okay , maren elizabeth , '' she says . 
 `` lead the way . '' 
 chapter six the diner is humid with grease . 
 it is barely six a.m. but almost all of the booths are full , mostly with truckers . 
 while i wait for our food i watch these men shovel hearty , well-syruped forksful of breakfast meat-sausage , bacon , scrapple-into their mouths . 
 when my food finally comes i find myself more than holding my own . 
 three pancakes , four strips of bacon , a side of hash , one tall oj . 
 i finish with a rude belch that katarina is too tired to chastise me for . 
 `` do you think ... ? '' 
 i ask . 
 katarina laughs , anticipating my question . 
 `` how is that possible ? '' 
 i shrug . 
 she nods , and calls the waitress over . 
 with a guilty grin , i order another stack of pancakes . 
 `` well , '' says the waitress , with a dry smoker 's cackle , `` your little girl sure can put it down . '' 
 the waitress is an older woman , with a face so lined and haggard you could mistake it for a man 's . 
 `` yes , ma'am , '' i say . 
 the waitress leaves . 
 `` your appetite will never cease to amaze me , '' katarina says . 
 but she knows the reason for it . 
 i train constantly , and though i 'm only thirteen years old i already have the tightly muscled body of a gymnast . 
 i need a lot of fuel , and am not ashamed of my appetite . 
 another customer enters the crowded diner . 
 i notice the other men give him a suspicious glance as he makes his way to a booth in the rear . 
 they looked at me and katarina with similar suspicion when we first entered . 
 i took this place for a way station , filled with strangers , but apparently some strangers are worthy of suspicion and others are n't . 
 katarina and i are doing our best , dressed in generic american mall clothes : t-shirts and khaki shorts . 
 i can see why we stand out-apparently they have a different definition of `` generic '' here in the far reaches of west texas . 
 this other stranger is harder to figure , though . 
 he 's dressed the part , more or less : wearing one of those texas ties , with the dangly strands of black leather . 
 and like the rest of the men here , he 's wearing boots . 
 but his clothes seem somehow out-of-date , and there 's something creepy about his thin black mustache : it looks straight at first glance , but the more i consider it , something about it just seems crooked . 
 `` it 's impolite to stare . '' 
 katarina , chiding me again . 
 `` i was n't staring , '' i lie . 
 `` i was looking , with interest . '' 
 katarina laughs . 
 she 's laughed more in the past twenty-four hours than she has in months . 
 this new katrina is going to take some getting used to . 
 not that i mind . 
 i stretch out luxuriantly on the hotel bed while katarina showers in the bathroom . 
 the sheets are cheap , polyester or rayon , but i 'm so tired from the road they may as well be silk . 
 when katarina first pulled the sheets down we found a live earwig under the pillow , which grossed her out but did n't bother me . 
 `` kill it , '' she begged , covering her eyes . 
 i refused . 
 `` it 's just an insect . '' 
 `` kill it ! '' 
 she begged . 
 instead , i swept it off the bed and hopped into the cool sheets . 
 `` nope , '' i said stubbornly . 
 `` fine , '' she said , and went to shower . 
 she turned the faucets on , but stepped out of the bathroom again a moment later . 
 `` i worry - '' she started . 
 `` about what ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i worry that i have n't trained you well . '' 
 i rolled my eyes . '' 
 'cause i wo n't kill a bug ?! '' 
 `` yes . 
 no , i mean , it 's what got me thinking . 
 you need to learn to kill without hesitation . 
 i have n't even taught you to hunt rodents , let alone mogadorians ... you 've never killed anything - '' katarina paused , the water still running behind her . 
 thinking . 
 i could tell she was tired , lost in a thought . 
 she gets like that sometimes , if we 've been training too gruelingly . 
 `` kat , '' i said . 
 `` go shower . '' 
 she looked up , her reverie broken . 
 she chuckled and closed the door behind her . 
 waiting for her to finish , i turned on the tv from the bed . 
 the previous tenant had left it on cnn and i 'm greeted with the site of helicopter footage of the `` event '' in england . 
 i watch only long enough to learn that both the press and english authorities are confused as to what exactly happened yesterday . 
 i 'm too tired to think about this ; i 'll get the details later . 
 i shut off the tv and lay back on the bed , eager for sleep to take me . 
 katarina steps out of the bathroom moments later , wearing a robe and brushing out her hair . 
 i watch her through half-closed eyes . 
 there is a knock on the door . 
 katarina drops her brush on the bureau . 
 `` who is it ? '' 
 she asks . 
 `` manager , miss . 
 i brought ya some fresh towels . '' 
 i 'm so annoyed by the interruption-i want to sleep , and it 's pretty obvious we do n't need fresh towels since we only just got to the room-that i propel myself right off the bed , barely thinking . 
 `` we do n't need any , '' i say , already swinging the door open . 
 i just have time to hear katarina say , `` do n't - '' before i see him , standing before me . 
 the crooked mustache man . 
 the scream catches in my throat as he enters the room and shuts the door behind him . 
 chapter seven i react without thinking , pushing him towards the door , but he flings me back easily , against the bed . 
 i clutch my chest and realize with horror that my pendant is out from under my shirt . 
 in plain view . 
 `` pretty necklace , '' he growls , his eyes flashing with recognition . 
 if he had any doubt about who i am , it is long gone . 
 katarina charges forward but he strikes her hard . 
 she crashes against the tv set , smashing the screen with a bare elbow , and falls to the ground . 
 he pulls something from his waist-a long , thin blade-and raises it so quickly i do n't even have time to stand . 
 i see only the flash of his blade as he swings it down-straight down , like a railroad spike-into my brain . 
 my head floods instantly with warmth and light . 
 this is what death feels like , i think . 
 but no . 
 the pain does n't come . 
 i look up-how can i see ? 
 i think . 
 i 'm dead . 
 but i do see , and realize that i 'm covered , from head to toe , in hot red blood . 
 the crooked mustache man still has his arm outstretched , his mouth is still frozen in victory , but his skull has been split open , as if by a knife , and his blood is spilling out across my knees . 
 i hear katarina wail-it 's such a primal noise that i ca n't tell if it 's a cry of grief or a scream of relief-as the man , emptied of blood , turns quickly to dust , collapsing in on himself as an ashy heap . 
 before i can take a breath , katarina is up , shedding her robe and throwing on clothes , grabbing our bags . 
 `` he died , '' i say . 
 `` i did n't . '' 
 `` yes , '' katarina replies . 
 she puts on a white blouse , which she instantly ruins with the blood from her elbow , shredded from the tv screen . 
 she throws it out , blots the blood from her elbow with a towel , and puts on another shirt . 
 i feel like a child , speechless , immobile , covered in blood on the floor . 
 that was it-the moment i 've been training for my whole life-and all i managed was a feeble , easily deflected shove before getting tossed aside and stabbed . 
 `` he did n't know , '' i say . 
 `` he did n't know , '' she says . 
 what he did n't know is that any harm inflicted on me out of order would instead be inflicted upon my attacker . 
 i was safe from direct attack . 
 i knew it , but i also did n't really know it . 
 when he stabbed me in the head , i thought i was dead . 
 it took seeing it to believe it . 
 i reach up and touch my scalp . 
 the flesh there is unbroken , it 's not even damp ... . 
 there 's the proof . 
 we are protected by the charm . 
 as long as we stay apart from each other , we can only be killed in the order of our number . 
 i realize his blood has now turned to dust along with his flesh . 
 i am no longer drenched in it . 
 `` we have to go . '' 
 katarina has shoved my chest into my arms , her face pressed right up to mine . 
 i realize i 've spaced out , gone to a place inside my own head , reeling from the shock of what just happened . 
 i can tell from the way she says it that this is the third or fourth time she 's repeated it , though i am only just hearing her . 
 `` now , '' she says . 
 katarina drags me by the wrist , her bag slung over her shoulder . 
 the hot asphalt of the parking lot burns the soles of my shoeless feet as we rush outside towards the truck . 
 i carry my chest , which feels heavy in my arms . 
 i have been preparing for battle my whole life , and now that it 's come all i want is to sleep . 
 my heels drag , my arms are heavy . 
 `` faster ! '' 
 says katarina , pulling me along . 
 the truck 's unlocked . 
 i get into the passenger seat as katarina tosses our stuff in the bed of the truck and hops into the driver 's seat . 
 no sooner has she closed her door than i see a man racing towards us . 
 for a moment i think it 's the motel manager , chasing us for fleeing our bill . 
 but then i recognize him as the cowboy from before , the one who gave me the polite nod of his cowboy hat . 
 there 's nothing polite about the way he 's racing towards us now , his fist upraised . 
 his hand smashes through the glass of the passenger door and i 'm sprayed with glass . 
 his fist closes around the fabric of my shirt and i feel myself lifted out of my seat . 
 katarina screams . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 a voice from outside . 
 my hand scrambles , looking for something , anything to keep me in my seat . 
 it finds only my unbuckled seat belt , which gives easily as the mog starts pulling me through the window . 
 i feel katarina 's hand clutching the back of my shirt . 
 `` i 'd think twice ` bout that ! '' 
 i hear a man 's voice shout , and soon i am released , falling back into the seat . 
 i am breathless , my head spinning . 
 outside the truck , a crowd has formed . 
 truckers and cowboys , ordinary american men . 
 they 've encircled the mog . 
 one of them has a shotgun raised , pointed right at him . 
 with a wry , bitter smile , the mog lifts his arms in surrender . 
 `` the keys . '' 
 katarina is panicking , near tears . 
 `` i left them in the room . '' 
 i do n't think , i just move . 
 i do n't know how long the mog will be contained by the protective mob , our saviors , but i do n't care : i race back to the room , swipe the keys off the night table , and head back out into the heat of the parking lot . 
 the mog is kneeling on the ground now , surrounded by angry men . 
 `` we called the cops , miss , '' says one of them . 
 i nod , my eyes teary . 
 i 'm too keyed-up even to say thanks . 
 it 's strange and wonderful to consider that none of these men know us but they came to our aid , yet frightening that they do n't understand this mog 's true power , that if he had n't been instructed to keep a low profile he 'd have torn the skin clean off each of their bodies by now . 
 i get in the car and hand katarina the keys . 
 moments later , we pull out of the lot . 
 i turn back for one last glance and lock eyes with the mog . 
 his eyes brim with reptilian hate . 
 he winks as we pull away . 
 chapter eight katarina was wrong . 
 i have killed before . 
 years ago , in nova scotia . 
 it was early winter and katarina had released me from our studies to go play in our snowy backyard . 
 i took to the yard like a demon , running circles in the snow in my baggy clothes , leaping into snowbanks and aiming snowballs at the sun . 
 i hated my cumbersome jacket and waterproof pants , so once i was sure katarina had turned from the window i shed them , stripping down to my jeans and t-shirt . 
 it was below freezing outside , but i 've always been tough about the cold . 
 i continued to play and race when clifford , the neighbors ' st. bernard , came bounding over to play with me . 
 he was a huge dog and i was small then , even for my age . 
 so i climbed on top of him , clutching the warm fur of his flank . 
 `` giddyup ! '' 
 i squealed and he took off . 
 i rode him like a pony , running laps around the yard . 
 katarina had recently told me more about my history , and about my future . 
 i was n't old enough to fully understand , but i knew it meant i was a warrior . 
 this sat well with me , because i had always felt like a hero , a champion . 
 i took this ride with clifford as another practice run . 
 i imagined chasing faceless enemies around the snow , hunting them down and taking them out . 
 clifford had just run me to the edge of the woods when he stopped and growled . 
 i looked up and saw a pale brown winter rabbit darting between the trees . 
 seconds later , i was on my back , tossed off by clifford . 
 i picked myself up and dashed after clifford into the woods . 
 my imaginary chase had become a very real one , as clifford ran after the darting rabbit and i followed him . 
 i was delirious , breathless , happy . 
 or i was , until the chase ended . 
 clifford caught the rabbit in his jaws and reversed course , back to his owners ' yard . 
 i was equally dismayed by the end of the pursuit and by the likely end of the rabbit 's life , and i now stalked after clifford , attempting to command the rabbit 's release . 
 `` bad dog , '' i said . 
 `` very bad dog . '' 
 he was too content with his achievement to pay me any mind . 
 back in his yard , he happily nuzzled and nipped the damp fur of the rabbit . 
 it took shoving him forcibly from the rabbit 's body for him to give it up , and even then he snapped at me . 
 i hissed at clifford , and he grumpily padded off in the snow . 
 i looked down at the rabbit , matted and bloody . 
 but it was n't dead . 
 all of my hardness gave way as i lifted the light , furry beast to my chest . 
 i felt its tiny heart beating furiously , at the brink of death . 
 its eyes were glassy , uncomprehending . 
 i knew what would happen to it . 
 its wounds were not deep , but it would die of shock . 
 it was n't dead now , but it was past life . 
 the only thing this creature had to look forward to was the paralysis of its own fear and a slow , cold death . 
 i looked to the window . 
 katarina was out of sight . 
 i turned back to the rabbit , knowing in an instant what the kindest thing to do was . 
 you are a warrior , katarina had said . 
 `` i am a warrior . '' 
 my words turned to frost in the air before my face . 
 i grabbed the gentle creature 's neck with both hands and gave it a good hard twist . 
 i buried the rabbit 's corpse deep beneath the snow , where even clifford could n't find it . 
 katarina was wrong : i have killed before . 
 out of mercy . 
 but not yet out of vengeance . 
 chapter nine katarina pulls the truck off the dirt road and we get out . 
 it 's been a day of straight driving and it 's now three in the morning . 
 we 're in arkansas , in the lake ouachita state park . 
 the park entrance was closed so katarina broke through a chain barrier and snuck the truck in , off-roading in the dark of the woods until we came to the main camp road . 
 we 've been here before , though i do n't remember it . 
 katarina says we camped here when i was much younger , and that she had thought it would make a good burial site for my chest , if it ever came to that . 
 it has , apparently , come to that . 
 outside the truck i can hear the lake lapping weakly at the shore . 
 katarina and i walk through the trees , following its sound . 
 i carry the chest in my arms . 
 we 've decided it 's too cumbersome and too dangerous to hold on to . 
 katarina says it must not fall into mogadorian hands . 
 i do n't press her on this point , though there is a dark implication to this task that haunts me . 
 if katarina thinks it 's come to the point of burying the chest to keep it safe , then she must think our capture has become likely . 
 perhaps inevitable . 
 i shiver in the cool of the night , while swatting mosquitoes away . 
 there are more of them the closer we get to the water 's edge . 
 we finally come to the shore . 
 in the middle of the lake , i see a small green island , and i know katarina well enough to know what she 's thinking . 
 `` i 'll do it , '' she says . 
 but she only barely gets the words out . 
 she is exhausted , on the brink of collapse . 
 she has n't slept in days . 
 i 've barely slept either , only a few quick minutes here and there in the car . 
 but that 's more than katarina 's had , and i know she needs rest . 
 `` lie down , '' i say . 
 `` i 'll do it . '' 
 katarina makes a few weak protests , but before long she 's lying on the ground by the shore . 
 `` rest , '' i say . 
 i take the blanket she brought out to use as a towel and instead use it to drape her , to hide her from the mosquitoes . 
 i strip off my clothes , then grab the chest tight and step into the water . 
 it 's bracing at first , but once i 'm submerged it 's actually fairly warm . 
 i begin an awkward doggy paddle , using one arm to stroke through the water and the other to clutch the chest . 
 i 've never swum at night before , and it takes all of my will not to imagine hands reaching up from the murky depths to grab at my legs and pull me under . 
 i stay focused on my goal . 
 i arrive at the island after what feels like an hour but is more likely ten minutes . 
 i step out of the water , trembling as the air hits my bare skin , and walk awkwardly over the stones littering the shore . 
 i walk to the center of the small island . 
 it is nearly round , and probably less than an acre , so it does n't take long to reach . 
 i dig a hole three feet deep , which takes considerably longer than the swim out . 
 by the end my hands are bleeding from clawing through the rough dirt , stinging more and more with each barehanded shovel through the soil . 
 i place the chest in the hole . 
 i am reluctant to let it go , though i have never seen its contents , never even opened it . 
 i consider saying a prayer over it , the source of so much potential and promise . 
 i decide against praying . 
 instead , i just kick dirt into the hole until it 's covered , and smooth over the mound . 
 i know i may never see my chest again . 
 i return to the water and swim back to katarina . 
 chapter ten it 's been a week since we arrived in upstate new york . 
 we 're at a small motel adjacent to an apple orchard and a neighborhood soccer field . 
 katarina has been plotting our next move . 
 there have been no suspicious announcements on the news or on the internet . 
 this gives us some measure of hope for the future of lorien , and also that the mogadorians ' trail on us has gone cold . 
 it 's silly but i feel ready to fight . 
 i may not have been back at the motel , but i am now . 
 i do n't care if i do n't have my legacies . 
 it is better to fight than to run . 
 `` you do n't mean that , '' she says . 
 `` we must be prudent . '' 
 so we wait . 
 katarina 's heart has gone out of training but we still do as best we can , push-ups and shadowboxing in our room during the day , more elaborate drills out in the unlit corners of the soccer field at night . 
 during the day i 'm allowed to wander through the orchards , smelling the sweet rot of fallen apples . 
 katarina has told me not to play on the soccer field during the day , or talk to the children who practice on it . 
 she wants to continue to keep a low profile . 
 but i can watch the field from behind a tree at the edge of the orchard . 
 it 's a girls ' team playing today . 
 the girls are all in purple jerseys and bright white shorts . 
 they 're about my age . 
 from beneath the shade of the apple tree i wonder what it would be like to give myself to something as light and inconsequential as a game of soccer . 
 i imagine i 'd be good at it : i love being physical , i 'm strong and quick . 
 no : i 'd be great at it . 
 but it 's not for me to play games of no value . 
 i feel envy creep up my throat like bile . 
 it 's a new sensation for me . 
 i am usually resigned to my fate . 
 but something about this time on the road , about the near miss with the mogadorians , has opened me to hating these girls with their easy lives . 
 but i choke it down . 
 i need to save my spite for the mogs . 
 that night we allow ourselves to watch a little tv before bed . 
 it is a luxury katarina usually denies me , as she thinks it rots my brain and dulls my senses . 
 but even katarina softens sometimes . 
 i curl up next to katarina on the queen bed . 
 she 's turned the tv to a movie about a woman who lives in new york city and complains about how hard it is to find a good man . 
 my attention wanders quickly away from the screen to katarina 's face , which has gone soft with attention to the film 's plot . 
 she has succumbed to it . 
 she catches me looking at her , and turns red in an instant . 
 `` i 'm allowed to be sappy sometimes . '' 
 she turns back to the screen . 
 `` i ca n't help it . 
 he 's handsome . '' 
 i look back at the tv . 
 the woman is now yelling at the handsome man about how he 's a `` sexist pig . '' 
 i 've seen very few movies in my life but i can already guess how this one ends . 
 the man is handsome , i suppose , though i 'm not as transfixed by him as katarina is . 
 `` have you ever had a boyfriend ? '' 
 i ask her . 
 she laughs . 
 `` back on lorien , yes . 
 i was married . '' 
 my heart seizes , and i blush at my own self-absorption . 
 how could i have never asked her this before ? 
 how could i not have known that she had a husband , a family ? 
 i hesitate before asking another question , because i can only assume her husband died in the mogadorian invasion . 
 my heart breaks for my katarina . 
 i change the subject . 
 `` but since we 've been on earth ? '' 
 she laughs again . 
 `` you 've been with me the whole time . 
 i think you 'd know if i had ! '' 
 i laugh too , though my amusement is mixed with sadness . 
 katarina could n't have had a boyfriend even if she wanted one-and it 's all because of me . 
 because she 's too busy protecting me . 
 she raises an eyebrow . 
 `` why so many questions all of a sudden ? 
 do you have a crush ? 
 seen any cute boys out on the soccer field ? '' 
 she reaches over and pinches my side , tickling me . 
 i squirm away , laughing . 
 `` no , '' i say , and it 's the truth . 
 boys practice out there some days and i watch them , but usually just to measure their athleticism and reflexes and to compare them to my own . 
 i do n't think i could ever like any of them . 
 i do n't think i could love anyone who was n't locked into the struggle with me . 
 i could never respect someone who was n't part of the war against the mogs , to save lorien . 
 back on the tv , the woman is standing in the rain , tears streaming down her face , telling the handsome man that she 's changed her mind , that love is all that matters after all . 
 `` katarina ? '' 
 i ask . 
 she turns to me . 
 i do n't even have to say it out loud ; she knows me well . 
 she switches the channels until we find an action movie . 
 we watch it together until we fall asleep . 
 chapter eleven the next day after drills and studies i make it back out to the orchard . 
 it 's a warm day and i dodge from the shade of one tree to another as i stroll . 
 i walk over mushy , sweet-stinking apples , feeling them turn to goop beneath my feet . 
 despite the heat of the sun , the air is crisp and pleasant today , not too hot or cold . 
 i feel weirdly happy and hopeful as i tramp around . 
 katarina is booking us plane tickets to australia today . 
 she thinks it 'll make as good a hiding place as any . 
 i 'm already excited for the journey . 
 i turn , ready to walk back to the motel , when a soccer ball comes rolling past me , scudding over broken apples . 
 without thinking i leap forward and hop on it with one foot , stopping it in its tracks . 
 `` you gon na give that back or what ? '' 
 startled , i turn around . 
 a pretty girl with a chestnut ponytail stares at me from the edge of the orchard . 
 she 's dressed in soccer clothes and her mouth is open , smacking on bubble gum . 
 i step off the ball , pivot around it , and give it a quick kick , right to the girl . 
 i use more strength than i should : when she clutches it with her hands , the force of the impact nearly sends her off her feet . 
 `` easy ! '' 
 she yells . 
 `` sorry , '' i say , instantly ashamed . 
 `` good kick , though , '' says the girl , sizing me up . 
 `` damn good kick . '' 
 i am on the field moments later . 
 the girls ' team was short a player for scrimmage and the gum-chewing girl , tyra , somehow convinced the coach to let me play . 
 i do n't know the rules of soccer but i pick them up soon enough . 
 i owe katarina for that , for keeping my brain sharp enough to process rules quickly . 
 the coach , a dour , squat lady with a whistle in her mouth , puts me in as a fullback and i quickly establish myself as a force . 
 the girls on my team catch on fast and soon enough they 're putting up a wall , forcing the other team 's forwards to run past me on the right side of the field . 
 not one of them gets through without losing their hold on the ball . 
 before i know it i 'm covered in sweat , blades of grass sticking to the sweat on my calves-fortunately , i wore high socks today , so no one can see my scars . 
 i 'm dizzy and happy from the sun and the appreciative cheers of my teammates . 
 there 's a reversal to my left . 
 tyra 's seized the ball from a charging opponent before getting chased by another member of the opposing team . 
 i 'm the only free player and she manages to kick the ball right at me . 
 suddenly , almost the entire opposing team is on my tail . 
 my teammates chase after them , trying to keep them away from me , as i make a mad dash with the ball towards the goal . 
 i can see the goalie steeling herself , ready for my approach . 
 my opponents break free of my blocking teammates . 
 even though i am still nearly half the field from the box , i know it 's my only chance . 
 i kick . 
 the ball swings in a long , curving arc , propelled like a jet . 
 i acted too fast , too thoughtlessly , and have aimed right at the goalie 's position . 
 i 'm sure she 'll catch it . 
 she does . 
 but i 've kicked the ball with such power that it lifts her off her feet and the ball goes out of her hands , spinning against the net behind her . 
 my teammates cheer . 
 our opponents join in ; this was only a scrimmage , so they can acknowledge my skills without sacrificing too much pride . 
 tyra gives me a pat on the shoulder . 
 i can tell she 's excited about having been the one to coax me out of the orchard . 
 the coach pulls me aside and asks where i go to school . 
 she clearly wants me for her team . 
 `` not from here , '' i mumble . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 she shrugs and congratulates me on my playing . 
 i grin and walk away from the field . 
 i can tell the girls are eager for my friendship , standing in a cluster and watching me depart . 
 i imagine a different life for myself , a life like theirs . 
 it has its charms , but i know my place is by katarina 's side . 
 i walk back to the motel , doing my best to wipe the grin of victory off my face . 
 i feel a childish urge to blab about the game to katarina , even though she told me not to play . 
 in spite of myself i find i 'm running back to the room , ready to start crowing . 
 the door 's unlocked and i swing it open , still grinning like an idiot . 
 the grin does n't last long . 
 there are ten men in the room-mogadorians . 
 katarina is tied to the motel 's desk chair , her mouth gagged and her forehead bloody , her eyes filling with tears at the sight of me . 
 i turn to run , but then i see them . 
 more men , some in cars , some just standing there , all over the parking lot . 
 there must be thirty mogadorians total . 
 we 've been caught . 
 chapter twelve my hands are cuffed and my legs are bound in rope . 
 katarina 's are too , though i ca n't see her . 
 the mogadorians threw us in the back of a big rig 's trailer , tied together , so the only proof of katarina i have is the place where our spines touch . 
 the trailer bucks wildly and i know we are on the highway , going somewhere fast . 
 katarina is still gagged , but they never bothered to gag me . 
 either they sensed i would stay quiet to keep katarina safe , or they figured the roar of the road would swallow any sound i made . 
 i do n't have any idea where we 're being taken or what the mogadorians plan to do to us once we get there . 
 i assume the worst , but i still murmur soft , soothing things to katarina in the dark of the trailer . 
 i know she 'd be doing the same thing for me if she could . 
 `` it 'll be okay , '' i say . 
 `` we 'll be okay . '' 
 i know we wo n't . 
 i know with sick certainty that this journey will end in our deaths . 
 katarina presses her back against mine , in a gesture of love and encouragement . 
 hands tied and mouth gagged , it 's the only way she can communicate with me . 
 it 's dark in the trailer save for a small sliver of light shining through a break in the trailer 's aluminum roof . 
 sunlight dribbles in through the crack . 
 sitting in the dark , musty chill of the trailer , it is strange to think it 's day outside . 
 ordinary day . 
 i 'm achy everywhere , sore from sitting and too uncomfortable to sleep . 
 in my exhausted delirium , i have the ridiculous thought that i should 've stayed behind with the soccer girls . 
 at least long enough to have some of the gatorade the coach offered me . 
 something murmurs inside the trailer . 
 a low , guttural growl . 
 there is a cage , tucked up against the front of the trailer . 
 i can dimly make out its thick steel bars in the dark . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 i ask . 
 katarina mumbles through her gagged mouth , and i feel bad for asking her a question she ca n't possibly answer . 
 i lean forward , as far as i can , pulling katarina with me . 
 i can hear katarina protest from beneath her gag , but curiosity pushes me forward . 
 i stretch into the darkness , bringing my face as close to the steel bars as i can . 
 another rustle in the dark . 
 another captive ? 
 i wonder . 
 some kind of beast ? 
 my heart fills with pity . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 i speak into the void . 
 the person or creature makes low whimpers of distress . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 jaws snap with sudden force against the bars of the cage , eyes the size of fists flashing red in the dark . 
 the breath of the beast sends my hair back . 
 i pull away in terror and disgust , the smell so revolting i almost retch . 
 i try to scoot away , but the huge beast , unappeased , keeps its head pressed to the bars , its red eyes fixed on me . 
 i know that were it not for the bars , i 'd be dead already . 
 this is no captive . 
 no fallen ally . 
 this is a piken . 
 katarina told me about these beasts before , savage accomplices and hunters for the mogadorians , but i had taken them for fairy tales . 
 katarina helps me nudge us back towards the rear , giving me more space to pull away from the beast . 
 as i back farther away , so does the piken , disappearing into the dark of its cage . 
 i know i am safe for the moment . 
 but i also know this animal , this foul , fearsome creature , may be pitted against me in the coming days or weeks . 
 my stomach turns in fear and helpless rage : i do n't know whether to vomit or pass out or both . 
 i nestle my damp head against katarina 's , wishing this nightmare away . 
 i fall into an agitated half-sleep , awoken only by katarina 's voice . 
 `` six . 
 wake up . 
 six . '' 
 i snap to . 
 `` your gag ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` i worked it off . 
 it 's taken this whole time to get it off . '' 
 `` oh , '' i say stupidly . 
 i do n't know what else to say , what good it does us to speak . 
 we are caught , without defense . 
 `` they bugged our car . 
 back in texas . 
 that 's how they found us . '' 
 how stupid of us , i think . 
 how careless . 
 `` it was my job to think of that , '' she says , as if reading my thoughts . 
 `` never mind that . 
 i need you to prepare for what 's coming . '' 
 what 's that ? 
 i think . 
 death ? 
 `` they will torture you for information . 
 they will ... '' i hear katarina succumb to weeping , but she pulls herself together and resumes . 
 `` they will inflict unthinkable torments on you . 
 but you must bear them . '' 
 `` i will , '' i say , as firmly as i can . 
 `` they will use me to make you bend . 
 you ca n't let them ... no matter what ... . '' 
 my heart freezes in my chest . 
 they will kill katarina in front of me if they think it will make me talk . 
 `` promise me , six . 
 please ... they ca n't know your number . 
 we ca n't give them any more power over the others than they already have , or power over you . 
 the less they know about the charm , the better . 
 promise me . 
 you have to . '' 
 imagining the horrors to come , i ca n't . 
 i know my vow is all katarina wants to hear , but i just ca n't . 
 chapter thirteen i have been in my cell for three days . 
 i have nothing in here with me but a bucket of water , another bucket to use as a toilet , and an empty metal tray from yesterday 's meal . 
 there is not a speck of food left on the tray : i licked it clean yesterday . 
 when i woke up in my cell three days ago it had been my intention to mount a hunger strike against my captors , to refuse all food and water until they let me see my katarina . 
 but two days passed with no food or water from them anyway . 
 i had begun to imagine i 'd been forgotten in my cell . 
 by the time the food arrived , i was so far out of my mind with hopelessness that i forgot my original plan and wolfed down the slop they shoved through the little slot of my cell door . 
 the odd thing is that i was n't even particularly hungry . 
 my spirits were low but i did n't feel weak from hunger . 
 my pendant throbbed dully against my chest during my days in the dark , and i began to suspect the charm was keeping me safe from hunger and dehydration . 
 but even though i was n't starving , or dehydrated , i 'd never gone so long without food or water in my life , and the experience of being deprived drove me to a kind of temporary madness . 
 i was n't hungry or thirsty physically , but i was mentally . 
 the walls are made of heavy , rough stone . 
 it feels less like a prison cell and more like a makeshift burrow . 
 it seems to have been carved out of a natural stone formation instead of built . 
 i take this as a clue that we 're in some natural structure : a cave , or the inside of a mountain . 
 i know i may never find out the answer . 
 i have attempted to chip at the walls of my cell , but even i know there is nothing i can do . 
 in my attempts , all i accomplished was to wear my nails down until the tips of my fingers bled . 
 the only thing left now is to sit in my cell and try to hold on to my sanity . 
 that is my sole mission : to not let my solitary confinement drive me to madness . 
 i can let it harden me , i can let it toughen me , but i must not let it make me crazy . 
 it 's a strange challenge , staying sane . 
 if you focus too hard on maintaining your sanity , the slipperiness of the task can only make you crazier . 
 on the other hand , if you forget your mission , if you try to maintain your sanity by not thinking about the matter at all , you can find your mind wandering in such dizzying patterns that you wind up , again , at madness . 
 the trick is to forge a middle ground between the two : a detachment , a state of neutrality . 
 i focus on my breathing . 
 in , out . 
 in , out . 
 when i 'm not stretching or doing push-ups in the corner , this is what i do : just breathe . 
 in , out . 
 in , out . 
 katarina calls this meditating . 
 she used to try to encourage me to do meditation exercises to keep my focus . 
 she felt it would aid me in combat . 
 i never followed her advice . 
 it seemed too boring . 
 but now that i 'm in my cell , i find it is a lifeline , the best way for me to keep my sanity . 
 i am meditating when the door to my cell opens . 
 i turn around , my eyes straining to adjust to the light coming in from the hall . 
 a mog stands in the light , backed by several others . 
 i see he 's holding a bucket , and for a second i imagine he 's brought fresh water for me to drink . 
 instead , he steps forward and empties the bucket over my head , dousing me in cold water . 
 it is a harsh indignity and i shiver at the cold , but it 's also bracing , restorative . 
 it brings me back to life , back to my pure hatred of these bastard mogs . 
 he lifts me off my feet , dripping wet , and wraps a blindfold around my head . 
 he drops me again and i struggle to stay upright . 
 `` come , '' he says , shoving me out of my cell and into the hall . 
 the blindfold is thick , so i am walking in total blackness . 
 but my senses are keen and i manage a nearly straight line . 
 i can also sense other mogs all around me . 
 as i walk , my feet cold against the rough stone floors , i hear the varied screams and moans of my fellow prisoners . 
 some are human , some are animal . 
 they must be locked inside cells like mine . 
 i have no idea who they are or what the mogs want them for . 
 but i am too focused on my survival right now to care : i am deaf to pity . 
 after a long march , the mog leading the guard says `` right ! '' 
 and shoves me to the right . 
 he shoves me hard , and i land on my knees , scraping them against stone . 
 i struggle to get to my feet , but i am picked up before i can , two mogs throwing me against a wall . 
 my hands are raised and chained to a steel cord dangling from the ceiling . 
 my torso is stretched , my toes just barely touching the ground . 
 they remove my blindfold . 
 i 'm in another cell ; this one is lit , brightly , and my eyes feel like they will burn out adjusting from three days of nearly total darkness . 
 once they do , i see her . 
 katarina . 
 she is chained to the ceiling , as i am . 
 she looks far worse than me , bloody , bruised , and beaten . 
 they started with her . 
 `` katarina , '' i whisper . 
 `` are you okay ... ? '' 
 she looks up at me , her eyes brimming with tears . 
 `` do n't look at me , '' she says , her eyes drifting down to the floor . 
 a new mog enters the room . 
 he is wearing , of all things , a white polo shirt and a crisp pair of khaki pants . 
 his haircut is short . 
 his shoes-loafers-scuff quietly across the floor . 
 he could be a suburban dad , or the manager of a neighborhood store . 
 `` howdy , '' he says . 
 he grins at me , his hands in his pocket . 
 his teeth are white like in a toothpaste commercial . 
 `` hope you 're enjoying your stay with us so far . '' 
 i notice the bristly hair on his tan arms . 
 he is handsome , in a bland way , with a compact but strong-looking build . 
 `` these caves can be awfully drafty , but we try to make it as cozy as possible . 
 i trust you have two buckets in your cell ? 
 would n't want you to go without . '' 
 his hand reaches out so casually that for a second i think he is going to caress my cheek . 
 instead , he pinches it , hard , giving my flesh a twist . 
 `` you are our guests of honor , after all , '' he says , the venom at last creeping into his salesman 's voice . 
 i hate myself for doing it , but i begin to cry . 
 my legs give out entirely , and i dangle hard against my cuffs . 
 i do n't allow myself to sob audibly , though : he can see me cry , but i wo n't let him hear it . 
 `` okay , ladies , '' he says , clapping his hands together and approaching a little desk tucked into the corner of the cell . 
 he opens a drawer and pulls out a vinyl case , which he unwraps on the surface of the desk . 
 the ceiling light glints off an array of sharp steel objects . 
 he picks them up , one at a time , so i can see them all . 
 scalpels , razors , pliers . 
 blades of every kind . 
 a pocket-size electric drill . 
 he gives it a few nerve-shattering whirs before putting it down . 
 he strides over to me , putting his face right up in mine . 
 he speaks , and his breath forces its way into my nostrils . 
 i want to retch . 
 `` do you see all of these ? '' 
 i do n't respond . 
 his breath smells like the breath of the beast in the cage . 
 despite his bland exterior , he 's made of the same foul stuff . 
 `` i intend to use each and every one of them on you and your cepan , unless you answer every question i ask truthfully . 
 if you do n't , i assure you that both of you will wish you were dead . '' 
 he gives a hateful little grin and walks back over to the desk , picking up a thin-looking razor blade with a thick rubber handle . 
 he returns to me , rubbing the dull side of the blade against my cheek . 
 it 's cold . 
 `` i 've been hunting you kids for a very long time , '' he says . 
 `` we 've killed two of you , and now we have one right here , whatever number you are . 
 as you might imagine , i hope you are number three . '' 
 i try to inch away from him , pressing my back hard against the cell wall , wishing i could disappear into the stone . 
 he smiles at me , again pressing the dull side of the razor into my cheek , harder this time . 
 `` oops , '' he says , tauntingly . 
 `` that 's not the right side . '' 
 with a single dexterous motion , he reverses the blade in his wrist , the sharp side now facing me . 
 `` let 's try it this way , shall we . '' 
 with reptilian pleasure he brings the blade to the side of my face and swipes hard against my flesh . 
 i feel a familiar warmth , but no pain , and watch with shock as his own cheek begins to bleed instead . 
 blood flows from his wound as it splits open like a seam . 
 he drops the blade , clutching his face , and begins stamping around the room in pain and frustration . 
 he kicks over the desk , sending his instruments of torture scattering across the cell , then flees the room . 
 the mog guards who 'd been standing behind him exchange indecipherable glances . 
 before i even have a chance to say anything to katarina , the mogs move forward , unshackle me , and drag me back to my cell . 
 chapter fourteen two days pass . 
 in the dark of my cell i now have more than madness and boredom to contend with . 
 i must also work to burn the image of a bloody and broken katarina from my mind . 
 i want to remember katrina as i know her : wise and strong . 
 i continue with my breathing exercises . 
 they help . 
 but not much . 
 eventually the cell door opens , and again i 'm doused with cold water , gagged this time , blindfolded , and dragged back to the same cell . 
 once i 've been chained to the ceiling , my blindfold is removed . 
 katarina is right where i last saw her , as broken and battered as before . 
 i can only hope she 's been let down at some point . 
 the same mog as before sits across from us , on the edge of the desk , a bandage across his sliced cheek . 
 i can see he is straining to be as menacing as he was before . 
 but he regards us with a new fear . 
 i hate him . 
 more than anyone i have ever met . 
 if i could tear him apart with my bare hands i would . 
 if i could n't use my hands , i would rip him apart with my teeth . 
 he sees me looking at him . 
 he leaps forward suddenly , tearing the gag from my mouth . 
 he wields the rubber-handled razor in front of my face again , twisting it , letting the ceiling light dance across its edge . 
 `` i do n't know what number you are ... '' he says . 
 i cringe involuntarily , expecting him to try and cut me again , but he holds back . 
 then , with sadistic deliberateness , he crosses over to katarina , pulling on her hair . 
 still gagged , she manages only a whimper . 
 `` but you 're going to tell me right now . '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 i scream . 
 he grins with satisfaction at my anguish , like he 's been waiting for it . 
 he presses the blade to katarina 's arm and slides it down her flesh . 
 her arm opens up , pouring blood . 
 she buckles against her chains , tears flooding her face . 
 i try to scream but my voice gives out : all that comes out is a high , pained gasp . 
 he makes another cut beside the first , this one even deeper . 
 katarina succumbs to the pain and goes limp . 
 with my teeth , i think . 
 `` i can do this all day , '' he says . 
 `` do you understand me ? 
 you 're going to tell me everything i want to know , starting with what number you are . '' 
 i close my eyes . 
 my heart burns . 
 i feel like a volcano , only there 's no opening , no outlet for the rage filling up inside of me . 
 when i open my eyes he 's back at the desk , tossing a large blade from his left hand to his right hand and back . 
 playfully , waiting for my gaze . 
 now that he 's got it , he holds the blade up so i can see its size . 
 it begins to glow in his hands , changing colors : violet one second , green the next . 
 `` now ... your number . 
 four ? 
 seven ? 
 are you lucky enough to be number nine ? '' 
 katarina , barely conscious , shakes her head . 
 i know she 's signalling me to keep silent . 
 she has kept her silence this long . 
 i struggle to keep quiet . 
 but i ca n't handle it , ca n't watch him hurt my katarina . 
 my cepan . 
 he walks over to katarina , still wielding the blade . 
 katarina murmurs something beneath her gag . 
 curious , he lowers it from her mouth . 
 she spits a thick wad of blood onto the floor by his feet . 
 `` torturing me to get to her ? '' 
 he eyes her hatefully , impatient . 
 `` yes , that 's about right . '' 
 katarina manages a scornful , slow-building laugh . 
 `` it took you two whole days to come up with that plan ? '' 
 i can see his cheeks turn red at the well-aimed jab . 
 even mogadorians have their pride . 
 `` you must be some kind of idiot , '' she howls . 
 i thrill at katarina 's impudence , proud of her defiance but afraid of what the consequence will be . 
 `` i have all the time in the galaxies for this , '' he says flatly . 
 `` while you are in here with me , we are out there with the rest of you . 
 do n't think anything has stopped us from moving forward just because we have you . 
 we know more than you think . 
 but we want to know everything . '' 
 he cruelly strikes katarina with the butt of the knife before she can speak again . 
 he turns to me . 
 `` if you do n't want to see her sliced into little pieces , then you better start talking , and fast . 
 and every single word that comes out better be true . 
 i will know if you 're lying . '' 
 i know he is n't playing games , and i ca n't bear to see him hurt katarina again . 
 if i talk , maybe he 'll be merciful . 
 maybe he 'll leave her alone . 
 it comes out so fast i barely have time to order my thoughts , so fast i barely know what i 'm saying when i say it . 
 i have one intention , but it 's a murky one : to tell him everything i know that he ca n't use against me or the other loriens . 
 i tell him pointless details about my previous journeys with katarina , our previous identities . 
 i tell him about my chest , but i do n't give its burial location , claiming it was lost in our journey . 
 once i start talking i 'm afraid to stop . 
 i know that if i pause to measure my words he will smell my deceit . 
 then he asks me what number i am . 
 i know what he wants to hear : that i am number four . 
 i ca n't be three , or else they would have been able to kill me . 
 but if i 'm four then all he 'll need is to find and kill three before he can begin his bloody work on me . 
 `` i am number eight , '' i say finally . 
 i am so scared i say it , with a desperate , cringing sigh , that i know that he 's fooled . 
 his face falls . 
 `` sorry to disappoint you , '' i croak out . 
 his disappointment is short-lived . 
 he begins to beam , victorious . 
 i may not be the number he wanted , but he got my number out of me . 
 or what he thinks is my number . 
 i search out katarina 's eyes , and though she is barely conscious , i can see the faintest hint of gratitude in her eyes . 
 she is proud of me for giving him the wrong number . 
 `` you really are weak , are n't you ? '' 
 he stares at me with contempt . 
 let him , i think . 
 i feel a surge of superiority over him : he was dumb enough to believe my lie . 
 `` your relatives on lorien , as easy as they fell , at least they were fighters . 
 at least they had some bravery and dignity . 
 but you ... '' he shakes his head at me , then spits on the floor . 
 `` you have nothing , number eight . '' 
 at that , he raises his arm with the blade and thrusts it , deep into katarina . 
 i hear the sound of bone cracking , of the knife pushing through her sternum , right into her heart . 
 i scream . 
 my eyes search out katarina 's . 
 she meets my gaze for one last instant . 
 i will myself past my chains towards her , struggling to be there for her in her last moment . 
 but her last moment goes fast . 
 my katarina is dead . 
 chapter fifteen weeks turn into months . 
 some days they do n't feed me , but my pendant keeps me from dying of thirst or starvation . 
 what 's harder is the absence of sunlight , the endless immersion in darkness . 
 sometimes i lose track of where my body ends and the darkness begins . 
 i lose sense of my own existence , my own borders . 
 i am a cloud of ink in the night . 
 black on black . 
 i feel forgotten . 
 incarcerated , with no hope of escape , and with no information that can lead them to the others , i am useless to them for now . 
 until they 've killed the ones before me , until my extinction date . 
 the urge to survive has gone dormant in me . 
 i live not because i want to but because i ca n't die . 
 sometimes , i wish i could . 
 even so , i force myself to do the work of staying as fit and limber and as ready for combat as i can . 
 push-ups , situps , games of shadow . 
 in these games of shadow i have learned to play katarina 's part as well as my own , giving myself instructions , describing my imagined attackers , before i respond with my commands . 
 i loved this game before , but now i hate it . 
 still , in katarina 's honor , i continue to play . 
 as i was lying to the mog , i thought i was doing it so he would spare katarina , let her live . 
 but as soon as i saw his knife pierce her heart i realized what i was really doing : hastening her end . 
 i was giving him everything i knew so he would finish her off , so she would n't have to suffer anymore , so i would n't have to watch her suffer anymore . 
 i tell myself that was the right thing to do . 
 that it 's what katarina would 've wanted . 
 she was in such pain . 
 but i 've been without her so long at this point that i would give anything for another moment with her , even if she had to suffer unimaginable torments for it . 
 i want her back . 
 the mogadorians continue to test the boundaries of my conditional immortality . 
 these trials take time to plan and construct . 
 but every week or so i am dragged out of my cell and brought to another , jury-rigged for my destruction . 
 the first week after katarina 's death i was brought to a small chamber and made to stand on a sharp steel grill several feet off the floor . 
 the door was sealed behind me . 
 i waited for a few minutes as the room filled with noxious-looking gas , curling up from beneath the grill in green tendrils . 
 i covered my mouth , trying not to breathe it , but i could only hold my breath for so long . 
 i gave up , gulping in their poison , only to discover it smelled like the coolest and freshest of mountain breezes to me . 
 furious mogs dragged me out of the room minutes later , pushing me quickly back to my cell , but i could see the pile of dust beside the door on the way out . 
 the mog who had pushed the button releasing the gas had died in my place . 
 the next week they tried to drown me ; the week after , they tried burning me alive . 
 none of these affected me , of course . 
 last week , they served me food laced so heavily with arsenic i swear i could taste each poison grain . 
 they had brought a cake to my cell . 
 they had no reason to treat me with dessert , and i knew at once that it was their hope to trick me with the cake-and in turn trick the charm . 
 they hoped that if i did n't know my life was in danger , the charm would n't work . 
 of course i suspected them at once . 
 but i ate the cake anyway . 
 it was delicious . 
 by eavesdropping against the slot of my cell door , i later learned that not one but three mogadorians perished from the attempted poisoning . 
 how many mogadorians does it take to bake a cake ? 
 i asked myself later . 
 then , with malevolent satisfaction , i answered : three . 
 i allow myself to imagine a happy outcome in which the mogadorians , who seem to place little value even on their own lives , keep trying to kill me and end up dying in the attempt , until there are no mogadorians left . 
 i know it is just a fantasy , but it 's a happy one . 
 i have no idea how long i 've been here . 
 but i have grown so hardened to their execution attempts that i am fearless as they drag me through the halls to yet another . 
 this time i am thrown into a large , drafty space with dim lights , larger than any room i 've been in so far . 
 i know i am being watched through one-way glass or a video monitor , so i wear my face in a sneer . 
 a sneer that reads : bring it on . 
 then i hear it . 
 a low , guttural moan . 
 it 's so deep i can feel it , rattling through the floor . 
 i whirl around to see , deep in the shadows of the room , a large steel cage . 
 it looks familiar . 
 i hear jaws snapping hungrily , followed by the sounds of massive lips smacking . 
 the piken . 
 the beast from our trip out here . 
 now i am scared . 
 there 's a bright flash . 
 suddenly i 'm bathed in strobing red lights , and the steel bars of the cage retract . 
 weaponless , i fall back against the opposite corner of the room . 
 clever , i think . 
 the mogs have never pitted me against a living creature before . 
 the piken steps out . 
 a four-legged monster , it stands like a bulldog the size of a rhino : forelegs bowed , mouth all dripping , sagging jowls . 
 massive teeth jut from its mouth like tusks . 
 its skin is a putrid , knobby green . 
 it smells of death . 
 it roars at me , drenching me in a spittle so thick i fear i will slip on it . 
 then it charges . 
 i ca n't believe my own body . 
 i 'm stiff from solitary confinement , i have n't practiced combat in months , but instinct and adrenaline kick in , and soon enough i am dodging the beast like a pro , careening off corners , ducking between its legs . 
 the piken roars , frustrated , getting more and more worked up , battering the walls with its head . 
 i have n't had this much fun in years , i think , as i manage to give it a roundhouse kick across the face . 
 i land on the ground , beaming from my well-placed kick , but i land in one of its spit puddles and my arms and legs give out in the slime . 
 it 's a momentary lapse , but it 's enough : the beast has me in its jaws . 
 my whole body floods with warmth , and i am sure that this is the end . 
 but no pain comes . 
 the creature lets out a long whimper and then releases me from its jaws . 
 it 's a five-foot drop from its mouth to the floor and i land on my knee , which hurts worse than the bite . 
 i turn to see the piken sprawled out , mouth open , chest heaving powerfully . 
 a massive crescent of puncture wounds stud its chest . 
 it took the brunt of its own bite . 
 it lets out another low , pitiful moan . 
 of course , i think . 
 a mogadorian beast is as much a mogadorian as any of the rest . 
 it 's susceptible to the charm too . 
 i whirl around , trying to get the attention of whoever is watching . 
 it is clear to me that the creature , though wounded , will live . 
 left to their own devices , the mogs will nurse their beast back to health so it can live to spoil another day . 
 i stride over to it , remembering the rabbit i killed all those years ago in nova scotia . 
 i hear the footsteps of approaching guards and know i must act fast . 
 a mog guard bursts into the room . 
 he wields a long blade , and is about to swing at me when he thinks twice , realizing he will only kill himself in the process . 
 i use his hesitation to my advantage . 
 i leap off the ground and hit him with a high swing kick , his blade clattering to the floor . 
 one more kick to keep him down , and then i swipe the blade from the floor . 
 i approach the heaving , panting beast as more guards enter the room and i bring the blade straight down , through the piken 's skull . 
 dead in an instant . 
 the guards swarm around me and drag me out of the cell . 
 i am dazed but happy . 
 no mercy . 
 chapter sixteen i have come to appreciate the tiny differences in the food they serve me . 
 it 's always the same gray slop , some protein and wheat blended into a paste and ladled onto my serving tray . 
 but sometimes it is made with more water and less wheat , more wheat and less protein , etc. . 
 today is a heavy protein day . 
 i swallow it down without joy but with some gratitude : my muscles still hurt from my battle with the piken and the guard , and i figure the protein will do me good . 
 i take my last bite and back into the corner . 
 it is dark in my cell , but there is just enough light from the foodslot that i can see my feet , and my hands , and my food tray . 
 except today i ca n't see my hand . 
 i can see my left one , but not my right one . 
 it has taken a long time to hone my vision to this state of sensitivity in the dark , so i 'm furious at its failure . 
 i wave my right hand in front of my face , twisting it left and right in my sleeve . 
 but still all i see is darkness . 
 i slap my face , blink , trying to bring my vision back . 
 but still my right hand is a void . 
 finally i reach down and pick up my fork , holding it in front of my face . 
 i feel a thrill in my stomach as i push it down into my hand . 
 i do n't want any false hope . 
 i know i ca n't survive any false hope . 
 but i can see the fork . 
 and i still ca n't see my hand . 
 at that moment my cell door opens and a lowly mog enters . 
 he 's come to retrieve my serving tray . 
 all it takes is the light from the hallway flooding the room to confirm my suspicion . 
 my right hand is invisible . 
 my first legacy has arrived . 
 i gasp . 
 of all the skills i could develop , this seems like the one-the only one-that might get me out of this prison alive . 
 the mog grunts at me suspiciously , and i tuck my hollow-looking sleeve behind my back , hoping he did n't see . 
 i am dizzy with joy . 
 he 's a stupid one , and does n't notice a thing . 
 he lifts my tray from the floor and exits the room . 
 i am plunged back into darkness , and wait impatiently for my eyes to adjust to the point where i can see my new ability again . 
 there it is . 
 hollow sleeve , invisible hand . 
 i roll up my sleeve and look at my arm . 
 my hand is completely invisible , my forearm milky , nearly translucent , but by my elbow i 'm fully visible . 
 i can see i 'll need to practice this skill . 
 chapter seventeen it has taken two days , but i have learned to wield my first legacy . 
 my control is not perfect yet : sometimes my invisibility stutters , and i panic , struggling to restore it . 
 turning it off and on is not like turning a light switch up or down ; it takes a certain kind of concentration . 
 katarina 's breathing exercises have come in handy . 
 when i struggle to control my invisibility , i turn my focus to my breathing-in , out-and then back to the ability . 
 after i 'm able to make my hand invisible at will , i start practicing with other parts of my body . 
 it 's like flexing a new muscle-it feels strange at first but quickly feels natural . 
 next , i let my whole body fade out . 
 it 's no more difficult than making my hand disappear ; in fact , it seems to take less precision . 
 i am ready . 
 i go fully invisible and wait for the next food drop . 
 it takes some of my energy to maintain the invisibility , energy i wish i could conserve , but i have only that single instant for my snare to work and i ca n't risk them seeing me transform . 
 finally , a mog appears . 
 the food slot opens , the tray is tossed in . 
 it shuts . 
 i worry the snare has n't worked . 
 maybe the mogs do n't bother to check on me , to look for me in my cell ? 
 in which case my power is totally useless - the slot opens again . 
 two beady eyes peer into the shadows , squinting . 
 in , out . 
 sometimes nerves can send me back into visibility and i ca n't spoil this moment . 
 in , out . 
 the worst-case scenario is them discovering my power before i can use it against them . 
 it is a strange thing , willing someone to see my absence . 
 the slot closes again . 
 i hear the mog walk away and my heart plummets . 
 where 'd he go ? 
 did n't he notice that i 'm not here - the door opens suddenly . 
 soon , my tiny cell is filled with mogadorian guards , four in total . 
 i press myself against the far corner , hiding . 
 they are huddled close , conferring about my apparent disappearance . 
 no way out . 
 one leaves and runs down the hall . 
 his exit creates more space in the room , less chance that someone will stumble onto me , and i breathe easier . 
 one of them whirls his arm in frustration , and i have to duck as quickly as i can . 
 he barely misses me . 
 close call . 
 i dodge , quiet as a cat , into the corner nearest the door . 
 two of the mogs stand deep in the cell , but one of them blocks the exit . 
 move , i think . 
 move . 
 i can hear footsteps , racing towards the cell . 
 more mogs . 
 i know that all it will take is one mog brushing my shoulder or sensing my breath for me and my new legacy to be discovered . 
 the footsteps are getting closer . 
 the mog by the door steps further into the cell to accommodate those on their way and i lunge out into the hallway . 
 i nearly fall on the stone floor outside my cell , but i catch my balance just in time . 
 flesh slapping against stone : i surely would 've been discovered . 
 a horde of mogs is racing down the hall towards my cell from the left . 
 no choice but to run right . 
 i take off , landing as delicately as i can . 
 quiet as a cat . 
 it is a long hall . 
 i struggle to maintain quiet , my bare feet making only the faintest of noises as i run and run and run . 
 at first i am scared , but then i can feel it : freedom , up ahead . 
 i go faster , landing on arched feet to mute the noise . 
 my heart leaps up into my chest as i exit the hall and find myself in the center of the mogadorian complex , a massive cavern fed by many other tunnels like the one i just came from . 
 closed-circuit security cameras are everywhere . 
 when i spot them , my chest leaps with fear , but then i remember i am invisible , to cameras as well as to mogs . 
 for how long , i do n't know . 
 a siren is pulled . 
 i should 've expected that . 
 flashing security lights go off as the cavern is filled with the alarm 's shriek . 
 the high walls of the cave only amplify it . 
 i take off again , choosing a tunnel at random . 
 i pass other cells like mine , then steel doors that probably hold more prisoners . 
 i wish i had time to help them . 
 but all i can do is run , and keep running , as long as my invisibility will hold . 
 i dodge left off the tunnel , passing a large , glass-windowed room to my right . 
 it is illuminated by bright fluorescents . 
 inside hundreds and hundreds of computers in rows hum and sift data , no doubt looking for signs of my fellow garde . 
 i keep running . 
 i pass another laboratory , also glass-windowed , this one to my left . 
 mogadorians in white plastic suits and goggles stand inside . 
 scientists ? 
 bomb chemists ? 
 i am past them before i have a chance to see what they 're doing . 
 i can only assume something awful . 
 my brain is split by the siren , and i want to close my ears . 
 but i need my hands to keep my balance as i run , to keep my footsteps dainty and soundless . 
 i have the strange thought that for all my bluntness , my tomboyishness , my warrior 's training , i now find myself calling on such a feminine skill-being lightfooted , like a ballerina . 
 the tunnel feeds into another center , this one even larger than the other . 
 i had assumed that what i saw earlier was the heart of the complex , but this is truly it : a cavernous hall half a mile wide and so dark and murky i can barely see across to the other side . 
 i am covered in sweat , out of breath . 
 it is hot in here . 
 the walls and ceiling are lined with huge wooden trellises keeping the cave from collapsing in on itself . 
 narrow ledges chiseled into the rock face connect the tunnels dotting the dark walls . 
 above me , several long arches have been carved from the mountain itself to bridge the divide from one side to the other . 
 i catch my breath and wipe my brow , to keep my own sweat from blinding me . 
 there are so many tunnels , none of them marked . 
 my heart plummets . 
 i realize i could run and run through this complex for days without finding the way out . 
 i imagine myself like a rat in a laboratory maze , scampering and weaving to no avail . 
 then i see it : a single pinprick of natural light , up above . 
 there must be a way out up there . 
 it will be a steep climb up these walls , but i can do it . 
 as i grab the trellis to hoist myself up , i hear it . 
 `` she will be found . '' 
 it 's him . 
 katarina 's executioner . 
 he is speaking to a few guard mogs , on a walkway above me . 
 the guards tramp off . 
 my eyes pin to the executioner as he takes a detour back into the complex . 
 i must choose . 
 between escape and vengeance . 
 the light above beckons me like water in a desert . 
 i wonder exactly how long it 's been since i last saw sunlight . 
 but i turn around . 
 i choose vengeance . 
 chapter eighteen i follow him through the halls on tiptoe , careful to maintain my invisibility-i 've learned enough about my legacy by now to know that any surprise or break in concentration can cause me to fade back in . 
 i watch as he ducks into a cell . 
 i sneak in behind him as the door shuts . 
 unaware he has company , he walks to the corner of the room and begins to tidy up . 
 i look down . 
 there is blood on the floor , his weapons are out . 
 he has tortured and killed others . 
 i have never killed a mogadorian before . 
 not counting the mogadorians who died trying to kill me , i have only in my entire life killed a rabbit , and a piken . 
 to my own shock , i realize i am thirsty for murder . 
 i grab a razor from his desk and approach him . 
 the blade feels good in my hand . 
 it feels right . 
 i know better than to give him a chance to beg , or plead , to shake me from my resolve . 
 i clutch him from behind and slit his throat with one clean slice . 
 his mouth gurgles and spews blood across the floor , against my hands . 
 he falls to his knees and then bursts into ash . 
 i feel more alive than i 've ever felt . 
 i open my mouth to speak . 
 that 's for katarina , i 'm about to say . 
 but i do n't . 
 i do n't speak because i know it 's a lie . 
 that was n't for katarina . 
 that was for me . 
 i emerge from the complex an hour later , exhausted and struggling to stay invisible as i climb out to the mountaintop , as i run from the mountain to a hill opposite . 
 i have to stop to rest , to adapt to the blinding midday sun . 
 my translucent skin bakes beneath the sun . 
 i stare at the mouth of the complex , already hard to make out from this distance . 
 i do n't trust my memory , so i pause to memorize its shape , its precise location . 
 i am sure mogs have fanned out through the complex , looking for me . 
 and i 'm sure they have crawled out of the exit , and are even right now searching through the trees along these hills . 
 let them look . 
 they 'll never find me . 
 i run for a few miles through trees , until i come to a road in a small mining town . 
 i 'm running barefoot , so the road slaps hard against my feet , killing my joints . 
 i do n't care ; i 'll get a pair of sneakers eventually . 
 i find a truck idling at the town 's only stoplight . 
 i lightly hop into the back of the pickup , letting the truck take me farther and farther away from the mogadorian complex . 
 when the trucker stops for gas a few hours later , i dash , still invisible , into the cab , rifling through his stuff . 
 i take a handful of quarters , a pen , a couple scraps of paper , and an uneaten bag of barbecue chips . 
 i run behind the gas station and sit in the shade . 
 i draw a map of the complex 's entrance on one side of the paper , and a diagram of the tunnels inside as best as i can remember . 
 it will be a long time before i put this to use , but i know my memory of their hideaway is the most valuable thing i possess , and it must be preserved . 
 once i finish the diagram , i throw my head back . 
 it 's sunset , but i can still feel of the warmth of the sun on my face . 
 i open the bag of chips and eat them in three messy bites . 
 the salty-sweet chips taste delicious , wonderful . 
 i am in a motel room , at long last . 
 for a full day i wandered , driven by the urge for shelter and rest . 
 there was no way i could afford a room , and in my desperation i began to consider thievery . 
 pick a few pockets , plunk down the cash i 'd need . 
 using my legacy , stealing would be a piece of cake . 
 but then it occurred to me i would n't need to steal , not yet anyway . 
 instead i went into the lobby of a small motel , went invisible , and snuck into the hotel manager 's office . 
 i lifted the key for room 21 off the hook . 
 i was n't sure how i was going to get the floating key past the crowded lobby and i paused for a moment , frozen in the office . 
 but soon the key disappeared too , in my palm . 
 i 'd never made an object disappear before , only myself and my clothes . 
 a hint of my legacy 's other uses . 
 i 've been in the room for a couple hours . 
 so i feel less like i 'm thieving , i sleep above the covers , in the chill of the room 's ac . 
 i catch myself : i 've been invisible the whole time i 've been in the room , clenched from the exertion of sustaining it . 
 it 's like holding your breath . 
 i get up and approach the mirror across the room , letting it go . 
 my body fills in in the mirror , and i see my face for the first time in over seven months . 
 i gasp . 
 the girl who stares back at me is almost unrecognizable . 
 i 'm hardly even a girl anymore . 
 i stare at myself for a long time , standing alone in the room , unattended , unaccompanied , aching for katarina , aching for a worthy tribute to her . 
 but it 's right there . 
 in the new hardness and definition of my face , in the muscled curve of my arm . 
 i am a woman now , and i am a warrior . 
 her love and the loss of her is etched forever in the firm set of my jaw . 
 i am her tribute . 
 survival is my gift to her . 
 satisfied , i return to the motel bed and sleep for days . 
 chapter nineteen years have passed . 
 i live an unsettled life , hopping from town to town . 
 i avoid connections or ties , and focus on developing my fighting abilities and developing my legacies . 
 invisibility was followed by telekinesis , and in recent months i 've discovered a new ability : i can control and manipulate the weather . 
 i use that legacy sparingly , as it 's an easy way to attract unwanted attention . 
 it manifested months ago , in a small suburb outside cleveland . 
 i had been following a lead on one of the garde that did n't go anywhere and , discouraged , i was ambling back towards my motel , sipping an iced coffee . 
 my leg burst into searing pain , and i dropped my drink on the ground . 
 my third scar . 
 three was dead . 
 i fell to the ground in pain and in rage , and before i knew what was happening the sky above me filled with clouds . 
 a full-on lightning storm followed . 
 i am in athens , georgia , now . 
 it 's a cool little city , one of the best i 've passed through in the past couple years . 
 college students everywhere . 
 i 've got a bit of a vagabond roughness to my appearance that stands out in suburban areas , but surrounded by college-age hippies and music nerds and hipsters i do n't look quite so unusual . 
 this makes me feel safe . 
 all of my leads have gone dead , and i have yet to discover one of my kind . 
 but i know it is coming . 
 time to assemble the garde . 
 if my legacies are developing at this rate , i am certain the same is true of the others like me . 
 there will be signs soon , i can feel it . 
 i am patient , but excited : i am ready to fight . 
 i wander the street , sipping the dregs of an iced coffee . 
 it 's become my drink of choice . 
 i have resorted to pickpocketing to finance my appetites , but it 's become so easy that i never have to outright fleece anyone . 
 i just take a few bucks here or there to get by . 
 i am suddenly knocked by a gust of wind , practically off my feet . 
 for a second i think i 've lost control , that it 's my own power that caused it . 
 but the wind ends as soon as it began , and i realize it did not come from me . 
 but it has swung the door of another cafe open . 
 i almost keep walking , but my eye is caught by an open computer terminal at the back of the cafe . 
 i use internet cafes to keep tabs on the news , looking for items that could turn into a lead on my kind . 
 doing it makes me feel closer to katarina . 
 i have become my own cepan . 
 i chuck my empty cup in the trash outside and step into the air-conditioned chill of the place . 
 i take my seat , and begin scanning the news . 
 an item from paradise , ohio , catches me . 
 a teenager was seen leaping from a burning building . 
 new to town . 
 named john . 
 the reporter mentioned how hard it was to get solid information on him . 
 i stand up so quickly i send the chair flying out from under me . 
 i know in an instant he 's one of us , though i do n't know how i know . 
 something in that gust of wind . 
 something about the way butterflies are now fluttering in my stomach , brushing my insides with their wings . 
 perhaps this recognition is a part of the charm , something that lets us know that a hunch is more than i hunch . 
 i know . 
 i just know . 
 my heart races with excitement . 
 he 's out there . 
 one of the garde . 
 i run out of the cafe and onto the street . 
 left , right ... i 'm not sure which way to turn , how to get to paradise as quickly as i can . 
 i take a deep breath . 
 it 's beginning , i think . 
 it 's finally beginning . 
 i laugh at my own paralysis . 
 i remember that the bus station is a mile down the road . 
 i make a habit of memorizing all transport routes into and out of any town i visit , and the bus route out of athens returns to my mind . 
 the beginning of a plan to get to paradise starts to develop . 
 i turn and begin the walk to the station . 
