 chapter one as it turned out , werewolves were just like anyone else , barrett simmons mused , nursing his beer and watching the interaction around him . 
 the green room of the lyric hounds , the most famous werewolf rock band in the world , was full to bursting ... starlets and fans mixing with seasoned industry professionals and the guys , the hounds themselves , right there in the thick of it . 
 he sat back and surveyed proceedings with an experienced eye . 
 although dressed in a sharp suit with his hair and beard neatly clipped , he had n't come to party . 
 far from it . 
 since his sister , melody , the diminutive figure dressed in black satin chatting to one of the guests on the other side of the room , had married the hounds lead singer , aaron rixx , almost a year earlier , barrett had been responsible for the band 's security detail . 
 a veteran with more tours than he wanted to remember behind him , he was more than suitable for the role . 
 sure , he might be human and no match for a werewolf in terms of speed and strength , but he 'd yet to meet any creature that could outrun a bullet . 
 he had no arrogance when it came to his abilities . 
 a member of special forces , it had only been injury and the loss of most of his detail in a mission f ** ked up by bad intelligence that had forced his retirement . 
 the mission when he 'd lost sax - he rolled his shoulder to make it click , easing the stiffness there . 
 as his mood took a nosedive , he forced thoughts of something else . 
 anything else . 
 all in all , despite what had happened , he was n't in bad shape physically . 
 since getting out of therapy , he 'd hit the gym every day until he 'd ended up in the best condition of his life . 
 muscle-wise anyway . 
 his left knee and shoulder were f ** ked , but not so much he could n't put down any threat in the room . 
 he and the glock nestled next to his ribcage . 
 a waft of air behind him warned barrett a moment before he got company . 
 sav , the band 's drummer , half flopped , half fell into the seat opposite , his beer bottle crashing into the table top with so much force barrett expected it to shatter . 
 `` she 's a beauty , ai n't she ? '' 
 sav slurred , waving his free hand . 
 barrett arched his eyebrow and glanced around in the vain hope of identifying the particular ` she ' sav meant . 
 since that wave seemed to encompass the entire room though , with numerous candidates , he was shit out of luck . 
 taking a swallow from his own bottle , he shook his head at the other man . 
 `` i give up , which one are you talking about ? '' 
 because he knew the guy , he cut him some slack and kept the irritation out of his voice . 
 sav had issues . 
 some problem or edge the tall werewolf had n't worked through yet , which resulted in mood swings and an acerbic nature that pissed barrett the hell off at times . 
 at others though , when sav thought no one was watching , barrett caught the utter loneliness in his eyes . 
 the longing . 
 he had n't a clue why . 
 the guy was famous and , as the hounds ' only g * y member , had men throwing themselves at him . 
 some handsome enough that even barrett might have been tempted had he been that way inclined . 
 what the f ** k did sav have to be lonely about ? 
 but that expression ... the loneliness and longing for something ... that barrett knew well . 
 he saw it in the mirror each morning . 
 the thought softened his manner . 
 whatever sav was looking for , he hoped he found it . 
 soon . 
 before they had to have a ` chat . ' 
 `` tempest ! '' 
 the half-drunk werewolf exclaimed , sweeping his arm around to indicate the band 's bass player and only female member , and almost knocking out a waitress at the same time . 
 `` oh fuck , sorry , man ... you okay ? '' 
 barrett flicked a glance over to the woman in question as sav picked the young girl up and set her right with her tray . 
 pity it had n't been one of the very handsome male waiters circling the room . 
 at least then sav would have been distracted enough that barrett could make his escape before the drummer could carry on with his line of questioning . 
 it was n't that tempest was n't attractive . 
 totally the opposite . 
 the woman could only be described as gorgeous . 
 tall and slender , with waist-length black hair , she no doubt had a starring role in the wet dreams of most of the male population . 
 add to that , the allure of a female werewolf , and most men would have been on their knees in love with her . 
 but he was n't most men and he had no heart to lose to tempest . 
 he 'd lost his heart on blood-soaked sands , to a petite , feisty soldier with a man 's name , but a woman 's curves . 
 memories of saxon burst free from the box he 'd tried to lock them into . 
 the tumble of blonde curls around her neck , her green eyes alight with love and laughter as she teased him . 
 she 'd always been teasing him for being too uptight and by the book . 
 and he had been , insisting on procedure . 
 and procedure , reliance on the protocols of the system , had sent them out into the field with bad intel and gotten the woman he loved killed . 
 with a gasp , he hauled himself back to the present before memory could fill in all the details of that day . 
 the heat that licked his skin faded away , the hot smell of sand and blood receding from his nostrils . 
 only a memory . 
 not real . 
 not there . 
 `` i knew you thought so as well . '' 
 sav 's deep voice broke through barrett 's semi-trance and he blinked , realizing that he was still staring at the female werewolf like a vision sent down from heaven itself . 
 and she 'd seen him , giving him a glance back like he 'd sprouted two heads . 
 quickly , he averted his gaze . 
 he 'd been told all about female werewolves and their take-charge attitude when they wanted something . 
 trouble was , half the stories he 'd heard made him want to turn whatever moody little madam over his knee and give her a good paddling , then tell her to damn well behave . 
 he sighed . 
 i 'm too old for this shit . 
 `` no , man . 
 you 've got it all wrong , '' he said , watching the grin spread over the sav 's face with dawning horror . 
 christ , they did n't really think he had the hots for tempest . 
 did they ? 
 but sav was n't listening . 
 instead he looped his arm over barrett 's shoulders ; no mean feat given barr stood half a head taller than the somewhat stocky werewolf . 
 `` now , what you got to remember with female wolves is that they like to think they 're in charge . 
 but you have to dominate them . 
 show them who 's boss . '' 
 he slid sav a sideways glance . 
 `` if the words ` mount ' or ` dry hump ' are heading for your lips then i 'm taking you out the back and dumping you in the water butt . '' 
 sav snorted . 
 `` in your dreams , human . '' 
 `` trent savage ! '' 
 melody 's voice cut through their stand-off . 
 `` behave yourself or i 'll have you waxed and plucked the next time you fall asleep ! '' 
 sav 's eyebrows winged up toward his hairline as he stared the petite woman down . 
 barrett stood with his arms folded and watched with amusement . 
 the inevitable outcome would n't be pretty . 
 melody might be human , or wolf-mated as the furry community preferred to call it , but she was female and therefore any man , human or not , took his life into his own hands if he messed with her . 
 besides , he knew his sister . 
 she was more than capable of waiting until sav had gotten himself dead drunk , then had every hair on his body dyed pink or something . 
 `` huh , '' sav grumbled , unhooking his arm from around barrett 's shoulders and grabbing a fresh bottle from a circling waiter . 
 `` only trying to give him some advice so temp does n't tear him a new one . 
 my bad . '' 
 lifting the bottle to his lips , he took a long swallow and walked off , his gaze already scanning the crowd for likely prey . 
 melody bit her lip , concern for the guy written plainly on her features . 
 barrett smiled to himself , the soft , squishy feeling he got when dealing with his sister filling his chest . 
 yeah , she was short and bossy , but she cared and that made all the difference . 
 she did n't do anything without a reason and most of the time she put herself out for others far more than she needed to . 
 including him , something he had never been more grateful for than when he 'd flown home from afghanistan , alone and injured . 
 `` he 's a big boy , mel . 
 whatever problems he 's got , he 'll get through them , '' he reassured , lifting an arm to wrap around her shoulders and giving her a quick squeeze . 
 `` yeah , i know . 
 but ... '' she sighed . 
 `` you know what i 'm like . 
 mother hen syndrome . '' 
 he chuckled and dropped a quick kiss on her hair , about the only guy in the room who could do so without aaron tearing him a new one . 
 even now , the tall rock star scanned the room , his expression tight until he saw his wife tucked into barrett 's side . 
 he relaxed and offered a smile before going back to his conversation . 
 like barrett was the one person in the room he trusted with melody 's safety . 
 `` perhaps you guys should have a couple of kids , put that mother-henning to good use . '' 
 the comment was light , meant as a joke , but she stiffened , color flowing over her cheeks . 
 suspicion creased his brow . 
 `` mel ? 
 are you ... ? '' 
 `` shhhh ! '' 
 she hissed , as though they were discussing state secrets and she did n't want to be overheard . 
 `` we were going to tell everyone next week . 
 after this leg is done . '' 
 pleasure flowed through him , both for the parents to be and the fact he was going to be an uncle . 
 `` congratulations ! '' 
 he pulled her tighter in a bear hug for a moment , emotion overflowing , then remembered her condition and set her down like he would bone china . 
 `` are you okay , do you need to sit down ? 
 perhaps some water ? '' 
 `` barr ! '' 
 she slapped his shoulder . 
 `` i 'm fine , honestly . 
 i 'm not ill , just ... well , you know . 
 besides , i want to talk to you about something else . '' 
 he lifted an eyebrow in question . 
 what could be more important that his imminent uncle-hood ? 
 melody reached into the clutch bag and withdrew a slender , cream linen envelope . 
 he froze . 
 `` i really hope that 's not what i think it is . '' 
 she lifted her chin in determination and held it out to him . 
 `` chance meetings , remember ? 
 you told me that . '' 
 chance meetings . 
 ever since childhood that 's what they 'd called the good things that happened to them . 
 their parents ' chance meeting had led to the sort of true love talked about in fairy tales , yet never excluded the children they 'd had . 
 melody 's chance meeting had led to the love of her life ... aaron . 
 slowly , he took it from her . 
 `` chance meetings , '' he said in a low voice , and tucked it into his jacket pocket to please her . 
 it would n't matter . 
 no exclusive one-night stand service would be able to provide what he needed . 
 would be able to provide his chance meeting . 
 because he 'd already met her . 
 and lost her . 
 *** `` huh ! '' 
 saxon jerked awake , heart pounding , body slick with sweat from the nightmare that haunted her sleep . 
 the sheets tangled with her bare legs as she clutched them , shuddering in relief to see her bedroom around her instead of hot sands splattered with blood . 
 dropping her head , she took deep breaths , bringing her heart rate back down to something approaching normal . 
 the door clicked open to reveal a familiar figure . 
 swathed in a dressing gown , rubbing sleep from her eyes , her mother looked in . 
 sax picked up the concern in her eyes with ease despite the blackness in the room . 
 wolves had perfect night vision . 
 nocturnal predators . 
 `` the dream again , sweetie ? '' 
 `` uh-huh . '' 
 she ran a shaking hand through her hair . 
 `` same old , same old . '' 
 since the accident that had stolen her memory almost two years earlier , she 'd been having nightmares . 
 or , more specifically , the same nightmare over and over . 
 strangely though , it had nothing to do with the crash that nearly killed her . 
 had killed her in fact . 
 she 'd died on the operating table three times , but twice the trauma team had managed to bring her back . 
 the third time , it had n't been the skill of the doctors that saved her . 
 instead the latent lycanthrope blood she 'd inherited from her father kicked in and transformed her from a ` potential ' into full-blown wolf . 
 one of the few full-on female wolves in their pack . 
 her mother moved into the room , coming to sit on the bed next to her . 
 gently she drew sax into her arms , holding her as though she were still a child and all hurts could be eased with a cuddle and a mother 's love . 
 sax leaned her forehead on her shoulder and let out a sigh . 
 if only it were that easy . 
 the accident had lasting effects , other than her transformation . 
 she 'd lost her memory of the last seven or so years . 
 the last thing she remembered was thinking about going in the army , then ... nothing . 
 her parents told her she 'd tanked the entrance assessments , which had surprised her considering how fit she 'd been , still appeared to be , but they had no reason to lie to her . 
 since then she 'd worked in her parent 's hardware store , a job she 'd gone back to after the accident , even if it did n't seem ` right ' . 
 she 'd never told them that , the same as never admitting the nightmare was n't about the accident , when a semi had plowed into the side of the car she 'd been traveling in , killing her two best friends and leaving sax clinging to life by a thread . 
 but instead of visions of trucks bearing down on her , and the scream of metal as the car broke apart , her nightmares were about soldiers and explosions . 
 about being caught in a fire fight and running out of ammunition , bullets flying by her head as she tried to take cover . 
 about blood and body parts on the sand , and a guy . 
 well , lots of guys , but one stood out . 
 with piercing blue eyes and dark hair , he had to be the most attractive man she 'd ever seen . 
 dressed in combat clothing , and carrying a rifle , he yelled orders despite the chaos going on around him . 
 even in the dream she was drawn to him , could n't stop watching him . 
 even when the dream began to break up , blood and fire consuming her as it always did , she saw his face , contorted in pain as though he watched everything that mattered to him disappear . 
 drawing a shaky breath , she put the image of her dream guy 's face from her mind . 
 she had no clue who he was , or what sparked the strange dream . 
 just her luck that the one guy she found attractive was not only human , but a frigging dream to boot . 
 `` it 'll pass , '' her mother murmured , voice soft as she rubbed sax 's arm . 
 `` i promise . 
 time heals all wounds , even the ones we ca n't see . 
 you going to be okay now ? 
 you need some rest for tomorro-hmm . '' 
 `` tomorrow ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` why ... what 's happening tomorrow ? '' 
 she leaned back . 
 her mom 's face had gone beet red , `` your father invited robert to lunch tomorrow . '' 
 despite her soft voice , worry seeped from her mom 's pores . 
 `` it 'll be good for you , love , to get to know him a bit . 
 you have a - '' she held up her hand . 
 she 'd had this lecture lord knew how many times . 
 `` i know , i know . 
 i have a responsibility to the pack . 
 yadda yadda . 
 tell me something i do n't know . '' 
 `` please be nice . 
 for me ? '' 
 her mother begged . 
 `` we 're a small pack and the culsons are much more powerful . 
 a link would benefit us all ... you know it would . '' 
 `` i know , mom . '' 
 she sighed and nodded . 
 no way out if it . 
 even if she did think robert was a jumped-up mommy 's boy convinced of his own self-importance , she still had to play the game . 
 toe the line . 
 make nice . 
 shit . 
 `` i 'll be good , promise . '' 
 she beamed and dropped a kiss on sax 's temple . 
 `` thank you , sweetie . 
 now , you get some sleep . 
 night night . '' 
 `` sure . 
 night , mom . '' 
 she flopped back on the bed , watched her close the door behind her , then waited for the footsteps along the landing . 
 as soon as her parents ' door clicked shut , she slid out of bed and pushed the power button for her laptop . 
 she might have to play nice for robert the next day , but that did n't mean she had to be a total angel . 
 the screen flicked on and she opened a browser , searching for the link she 'd saved earlier . 
 some one-night stand service ... `` madame eve , '' she muttered , inputting her requirements , describing the guy from her dream . 
 `` i really hope you 're as good as they say you are . 
 because this is going to take a miracle . '' 
 then she hit submit . 
 chapter two he should n't be there . 
 guilt beat at barrett as he stared out over the twinkling lights of the city below him without seeing them . 
 to his left in the corner of the balcony , a dinner table was set for two , both seats currently unoccupied . 
 silverware sparkled in the soft candlelight and a breeze rustled the white linen tablecloth , carrying the scent of the roses in the centerpiece across the balcony to him . 
 soft music played in the background , something classical with pianos and violins , totally different to the heavy rock music he 'd listened to for the last year . 
 all in all , a scene set for romance and seduction . 
 the perfect location for the one-night stand his meddling little sister had arranged for him . 
 a wry snort of amusement escaped him . 
 since he 'd started this by setting her up , turnabout was fair play . 
 but he really should n't be there . 
 he turned , leaning back against the railing to glance inside . 
 lifting his glass , he knocked back the couple of inches of whiskey left , hissing when it burned all the way down to his gut . 
 he had to admit , when it came to luxury , madame eve did n't pull her punches . 
 he 'd been given a plush suite in one of the best hotels in town . 
 with the name castillo over the door , it would be . 
 even barrett , who 'd never given two hoots about five-star luxury and penthouses , found himself impressed by the castillo hotels . 
 although he never thought he 'd end up in one waiting for a woman to show up for a one-night stand . 
 what the f ** k am i doing ? 
 a frustrated growl escaped him as he shoved a hand through his short hair . 
 it had grown out from the buzz cut he 'd been keeping it in since leaving the army , and curled around his fingers like a jealous lover . 
 he stopped and grimaced . 
 he had orders from mel to ` look nice or else ' and mussed hair was so not going to cut it . 
 at least he 'd made an effort and shaved his beard off . 
 every time a cool breeze hit his face , it felt weird , as though he were nak * d . 
 but not as weird as the prospect of talking to ... hav ** g s * x with ... he swore , blunt soldier 's curses falling from his lips . 
 he should n't be there . 
 it 's too soon after saxon . 
 guilt and shame warred within him . 
 the docs insisted he should be getting over the worst of the grief by now . 
 that he needed to move on , not forgetting the love he 'd had for sax , but savor it as a fond memory instead . 
 fond memory , his ass . 
 it still felt like his heart had been ripped clean from his chest , the raw edges mangled and bloody . 
 agitation rose to fill him with energy and he pushed off from the balcony rail to stride into the room . 
 dropping the empty glass on the table , he grabbed his phone . 
 it was no good , he could n't do it . 
 he 'd ring madame eve ... oh shit , no . 
 he could n't . 
 all contact via e-mail . 
 he should have remembered that from when he set mel up with her one-night stand . 
 hand shaking , he swiped at the screen on his phone . 
 if he could get an email off to madame eve , perhaps his date could be contacted before she arriv - knock knock . 
 he froze at the soft sound , index finger poised over the screen . 
 shit , she 's here . 
 he glared at the door as though it were a creature from a nightmare . 
 fuck , what should he do ? 
 closing his eyes , he took a deep breath and opened them again . 
 okay . 
 it did n't matter who the woman on other side of the door turned out to be . 
 it made no difference if she was a walking wet-dream , he could n't do it . 
 he did n't want a tall , leggy supermodel or the ultimate fantasy , he wanted small , curvy and sassy . 
 he wanted sax and always would . 
 putting the phone back on the table , he strode across the room , his decision made . 
 he 'd let the poor girl in , explain the situation , then leave . 
 she could have the room for the night and he 'd reimburse madame eve whatever costs were necessary so his date would n't be out of pocket . 
 it would n't be fair otherwise . 
 she expected a night of romance and ... he cut the rest of the thought off . 
 not her fault he could n't go through with it . 
 approaching the door , he paused for a second in front of it , hand flat on the smooth , cool wood . 
 his heart ached , throbbing as a pang of longing filled him . 
 he 'd heard stories of madame eve 's abilities , whispered rumors of more-than-human abilities spanning time and space that she brought to bear to create a perfect match . 
 why could n't ... he sighed . 
 time and space , but not death itself , and the last time he checked , the grim reaper did n't run a matchmaking service . 
 he reached for the door handle . 
 time to face the music . 
 *** oh my god , she 'd actually gone and done it . 
 she was really here . 
 sax dropped her hand from the door and straightened her dress . 
 her heart hammered , anticipation and nerves sending the organ in to overdrive to match the butterflies racing each other around her stomach . 
 who knew it could be both so easy and so frigging difficult to sort out a one-night stand ? 
 the service-and madame eve-had been fantastic , and arranging it all through email rather than over the phone made things so much easier . 
 since her email was locked down six ways to sunday , and had been since she 'd caught her father snooping around her laptop six months ago , she 'd been able to sort things out without her parents knowing . 
 they were so intent on her ` getting to know robert ' and uniting the packs through their mating , she 'd been surprised her family had n't stripped the pair of them nak * d and locked them together in a room overnight already . 
 `` gah ! '' 
 she shuddered , a wave of rejection clomping down her spine in hobnail boots . 
 robert was n't unattractive . 
 he was attractive , in that cookie-cutter , jock sort of way . 
 she did n't want cookie-cutter , or the jock type . 
 she wanted lean and mean , a soldier-type with short hair , scars ... she closed her eyes for a second and shivered as the face of her dream-guy filled her mind . 
 she wanted blue eyes , and human , not a wolf . 
 not robert . 
 and when she got back home , she would tell her parents as much . 
 yeah , she knew the issues with the packs , but it was n't the frigging dark ages for heaven 's sake . 
 women , even wolf-women , were not bartered in marriage anymore . 
 where the hell was this guy ? 
 she frowned and studied the still-closed door . 
 reception said her date had already arrived and told her to come right on up . 
 opening the slip of paper in her hand , she checked the room number , glancing up and down the corridor to check the adjacent numbers . 
 on the top floor of the small , but luxurious little hotel there were n't many . 
 yeah , right room . 
 so what gave ? 
 nerves hit her again . 
 in the excitement of arranging the date , she had n't thought much about the guy she 'd be meeting . 
 giving a description , she asked for a human male rather than a werewolf or anything weird and wonderful . 
 one of the testimonials she 'd come across had mentioned things like angels . 
 that could n't be true though ... probably some chick making shit up . 
 what would he be like ? 
 would he be handsome ... kind ? 
 honest ? 
 did she care , for one night ? 
 she only had to find him attractive ... after all , they were going to be - she bit her lip , a flush of heat burning her cheeks at the idea of sex with someone she 'd just met . 
 again , the guy from her dream flitted across her mind 's eye . 
 in her nightmare they had n't touched , nor had he kissed her . 
 in fact , the whole thing was as far from romantic as a dream could get . 
 so why did she have such a yearning ache to know what his kisses would be like ? 
 she sensed movement on the other side of the door , the warm scent of skin and cologne warning her he stood behind it . 
 human for sure , no way to mistake that scent . 
 she smiled and straightened . 
 okay , things were looking up . 
 if she were lucky , he 'd be everything she 'd put down in madame eve 's form and more . 
 the door swung open to reveal a broad-shouldered , tall figure . 
 oh , lordy , he was built like something from a dream . 
 he wore italian leather shoes , and expensive pants that fit perfectly , loose in all the right places but clinging right where they needed to , like over powerful thigh muscles and lean hips . 
 a blue shirt was tucked in , and the belt highlighted a trim waist and flat stomach . 
 her gaze found a broad chest and she almost whimpered when his hand on the door frame pulled the shirt tighter across pecs hard enough to make her drool . 
 slowly , she lifted her eyes to his face and they widened . 
 his features ... the blue eyes , dark hair . 
 the guy from her dream . 
 whatever sax had expected in her date , it had n't been that-for her dream guy to be made flesh and blood and presented to her . 
 she also had n't expected him to pale like he 'd seen a ghost . 
 without warning , his eyes fluttered closed and he went down like a felled tree . 
 with a squeak , she was a couple of seconds behind , but could n't stop him from hitting the deck . 
 luckily , the thick carpet cushioned his large body as he sprawled on the floor . 
 `` shit ... '' she hopped over his prone form and dropped to her knees next to him . 
 `` hey , are you okay ? '' 
 she shook him , unable to tear her gaze from his face . 
 questions buzzed through her mind . 
 how had madame eve found him ? 
 why the hell had she been dreaming about him for years ? 
 who was he ? 
 the shoulder under her hand was solid , packed with muscle . 
 his head rocked a little under the shaking motion . 
 he groaned , turning his head to the side before opening his eyes . 
 clear , piercing blue . 
 like in her dream . 
 she smiled . 
 `` hey . 
 back with me ? '' 
 he grimaced , blinking as if to clear his vision . 
 `` what happened ? 
 what hit me ? 
 i could 've sworn i saw - '' he trailed off as he focused on her , paling again . 
 `` ohh , no you do n't , sweetheart . 
 no more passing out , '' she ordered , in her best ` nanny ' voice . 
 or what she would have considered her best nanny voice after caring for her cousins ' kids on the occasional evening for the last couple of years , only now it sounded a hell of a lot like a drill sergeant 's bark . 
 why had she never noticed that before ? 
 `` what the f ** k is going on ? 
 who are you ? '' 
 fuck , he 'd fainted . 
 of all the dumb-ass , stupid f ** king things to do . 
 she could have been anyone , done anything to him whilst he was out . 
 knife to the throat , slid between the ribs ... anything . 
 he ignored the fact that she resembled his dead lover , even smelled like her , and the concerned expression on her lovely face as she leaned over him . 
 instead he exploded into action , driving up and over to trap her beneath him in a move so swift and powerful , any serving soldier would have been proud . 
 he covered her and she squeaked , the tumble of blond curls surrounding her head like a halo on the dark carpet . 
 she even had green eyes with that shot of amber on the right that he remembered so vividly . 
 `` who am i ? '' 
 he snarled , hauling her hands over her head , then pressing his body against hers . 
 `` who the f ** k are you ? '' 
 she did n't struggle , simply lay pliant in his hold , her eyes wide and shocked . 
 `` me ? 
 i 'm sax - '' `` do n't . '' 
 he spat the word , shaking her wrists . 
 rage and pain tore through him like the bad guy in a slasher movie , bent on carnage and destruction . 
 `` do n't you dare say her name . 
 i do n't care who you are , or how the hell you 're wearing her face , but so help me god , you 'd better tell me what the f ** k is going on before ... before ... '' `` before what ? 
 you pin me down and assault me ? '' 
 she shot back , anger flaring in her eyes at the same time amber leached into them from the center outward . 
 shit , she 's a werewolf . 
 which meant he had less than a few seconds before she shifted and tore into him . 
 literally . 
 fuck . 
 talk about coincidences . 
 sax had come from a werewolf family , but she had n't been a full wolf . 
 he had n't understood it at the time , had n't needed to , but conversations with his new brother-in-law had filled him in on the differences between potentials and full wolves . 
 male children almost always became wolves as soon as they hit puberty , but women were different . 
 some , like tempest , became wolves , but others , like saxon , did n't . 
 instead they remained human but with the werewolf dna in their genes . 
 accounted for random werewolves cropping up in families that had n't had a full wolf in generations . 
 all it took was something to flip the switch and a potential either turned , or had a full-wolf kid . 
 either way , the genes always expressed some way or the other . 
 but incredibly , instead of shifting , she began to talk . 
 `` listen , mister ... i do n't know who you are , or who ` she ' is . '' 
 he eased his grip , the needle about assaulting her cutting through his anger somewhat , and he released her wrists with a muttered apology . 
 he did n't lift off her , instead he braced himself over her , his interest in what she said overruling his instinctive reaction to the soft curves under him . 
 `` i 'm not wearing anyone 's face but my own . 
 i 'm saxon reeves . '' 
 she shook her head , amazement in her dual-colored eyes . 
 `` and how the hell did you get out of my dreams ? '' 
 `` shit ... '' he could n't think of anything else to say , his brain struggling to catch up and process everything . 
 him , who 'd cut his eyeteeth on rapid tactical decisions in battle . 
 `` you ca n't be saxon . 
 saxon ... my sax ... is dead . '' 
 `` your saxon ? '' 
 she lay pliant under him , the amber ring of her wolf receding from her eyes . 
 `` what happened to her ? '' 
 barrett rolled away and stood , holding out a hand to help her up in an instinctive gesture . 
 no need to forget his manners , even if he had been knocked for six at her appearance and her resemblance to saxon . 
 it could have been sax in front of him , right down to the amber flare in her eye and that damned , crooked smile . 
 in fact his body insisted it was saxon , live and in the flesh , right there ... close enough to touch . 
 close enough to kiss . 
 `` err ... she was killed . '' 
 distracted , he ran a hand through his hair . 
 screw being neat . 
 `` there was an ambush , and i could n't get to her in time . 
 she was shot . '' 
 `` w-what ? 
 you were a soldier ? '' 
 all the color leached out of her skin , her jaw going slack for a second . 
 `` your saxon was a soldier ? '' 
 the expression in her eyes and the way she held her body made him pause . 
 `` yeah . 
 damn good one as well . 
 why ? '' 
 `` holy shit . '' 
 unsteady on her feet , she wavered . 
 in a heartbeat , he scooped her up before she hit the deck . 
 she would n't have gotten more than a bruise on her cute little butt , but that was n't the point . 
 he reacted on instinct to protect her . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 he carried her over to one of the large couches set in front of the doors to the balcony . 
 unwilling to let her go , he sat with her in his lap . 
 holding her . 
 cradling her . 
 she was small , delicate . 
 everything his sax had been , but softer . 
 slender . 
 where his sax had been a workout freak , toned and lean rather than curvy , the woman in his arms had a voluptuous figure and the male part of his brain broke down and drooled . 
 `` yeah . 
 thanks . 
 sorry . '' 
 she shivered and nestled closer , feeding his male pride . 
 `` i. . . 
 um ... i have nightmares . 
 one , i should say . 
 one nightmare . '' 
 holding her tight , he listened , in no rush to lay her on the couch next to him and put space between them , and she seemed content to let him . 
 he closed his eyes to listen . 
 it could be his sax . 
 same voice and everything . 
 `` i was involved in a car accident . '' 
 in a halting voice , she spoke , and he imagined the frown on her face . 
 sax had done the same , speaking while she thought things through , putting them in the proper order . 
 he 'd loved her for it . 
 it had been so cute . 
 `` lost my memory . 
 my family thinks the nightmares are because of that . 
 they 're not . '' 
 her voice dropped to a whisper . 
 `` in them , i always die . 
 in the dream i 'm a soldier . '' 
 she pulled back . 
 `` and so are you . '' 
 chapter three he froze , the beautiful blue gaze she 'd seen in her dreams so many times holding hers . 
 she shivered at the intense focus on his face . 
 what would it be like to be the focus of his attention in other ways ? 
 the lush , sinful curve of his lower lip , decadent even , did n't detract one iota from his masculine appeal . 
 `` it 's nearly sunset , '' he said , his voice strangled and rough . 
 tortured . 
 `` we 're in a town , broken-down buildings on either side of us . 
 there 's dust and sand everywhere . 
 not the clean kind of sand either , the stuff that gets into everything , sticking to your skin and sweat like grease . '' 
 he described her dream , bringing all the details to vivid life and saxon caught her breath . 
 `` you 're on point , i 'm behind the rest of the squad . 
 i 'm worried about you , you twisted your ankle earlier in the week and you 've been limping for the last hour of our patrol . '' 
 he cleared his throat , winced and carried on . 
 `` tried to get you to slow down , but you would n't have any of it . 
 told me to f ** k off . 
 but we 're almost done , so i 'm not too bothered . 
 plan to make you get a shower and sleep for the next few days while we 've got down time . 
 then it happens ... insurgents have laid an ambush ... '' she kept her voice soft and picked up where he left off . 
 `` the wall to the left of me explodes . 
 i duck and turn ... the guy behind me is dead . 
 blood ... red and bright ... all over the sand . 
 there are sharp sounds , bullets i think , and the next man jerks in this weird little dance . 
 he 's been shot , falls into a crumpled heap . 
 more sharp sounds and another wall explodes . 
 i look down and there 's red . 
 so much red . '' 
 she shuddered . 
 `` i turn and you 're screaming at me . 
 running ... '' `` you were shot . 
 i could n't get to you in time . '' 
 he closed his eyes , pain drawing lines in his face . 
 `` we lost two out there , but i got you back to base . 
 you did n't regain consciousness , died in theater . 
 two years ago , almost to the day . '' 
 his eyes snapped open . 
 `` so again , it begs the question-who the hell are you ? 
 because you 're definitely not dead . '' 
 `` two years ? '' 
 it could n't be ... that was way too much of a coincidence . 
 she cleared her throat , frowned . 
 her family could be a ** holes , but they would n't do something like that . 
 would they ? 
 `` the accident was two years ago next week . 
 i do n't have any memories before that , i lost seven years ... shit . 
 i wanted to go into the army , but they told me i 'd failed the entrance tests . '' 
 he flinched like he 'd been shot , a low growl slipping from his lips so feral , half the males in her pack would be jealous of it . 
 `` seven years ? 
 that was more than the term of your service . 
 you 'd been in six years , two in the same unit as me when you died ... '' she shook her head , the possibility that she and his saxon were one and the same forcing a horrible suspicion to form about her family . 
 they 'd always been insistent that she mate a wolf . 
 `` um ... were we ... ? '' 
 `` lovers ? '' 
 one of his eyebrows winged up . 
 `` yes . 
 from the day we met . 
 as soon as i saw you , you were like a fire in my veins . 
 i had to make you mine . '' 
 `` you did , '' she whispered , unable to tear her gaze away from his lips . 
 the awareness between them swelled and deepened . 
 `` you must have . 
 why else would i dream of you ? 
 i lost my memory , but my soul did n't . 
 it tried to tell me about you in my dreams . '' 
 she shifted in his lap , feeling safe and secure for the first time since the crash . 
 he watched her , his attention absolute as she leaned forward to press her lips against his . 
 they were firm , warm , and immobile under hers . 
 tension hummed through him , his muscles taut as though he held back . 
 as though he could n't believe the surreal situation they 'd found themselves in . 
 she did n't blame him , the story straight out of a fairy tale . 
 or a nightmare . 
 given the facts and dates , it very much seemed her family outright lied to her . 
 but why ? 
 brushing his lips one last time , she pulled back . 
 `` i 'm sorry ... '' she whispered . 
 `` i should n't have done that . '' 
 shit . 
 perhaps he 'd already moved on , if he 'd thought his saxon ... she ... was dead . 
 wait . 
 was tonight about that ? 
 forgetting her ? 
 with her ? 
 saxon 's head ached , her wolf rising possessively , wanting to reclaim him as theirs and snarling at the idea he might be searching for a new mate . 
 even though the woman he 'd come to meet was her . 
 `` i do n't even remember your name . '' 
 he opened his eyes . 
 `` it 's barrett . 
 barrett simmons . '' 
 `` barrett . '' 
 she rolled the name on her tongue , trying it on for size . 
 `` that could shorten to barr . 
 or b. '' the smile that spread over his lips stole the breath from her lungs . 
 it turned his rather harsh , almost cruel masculine features into something amazing . 
 the smile opened his features , the blue of his eyes startling and direct , while the smile curving his lips managed to be both cheeky and hinting at sensuality . 
 the heat in his eyes kicked her feminine reactions into gear , and shivers raced over her skin , wrapping around her spine to settle into a warm knot in the pit of her stomach . 
 `` you always called me that . 
 b. . . 
 even bought me a bumblebee soft toy , '' he admitted , his voice low and rough . 
 `` i still have it . '' 
 he did n't lean forward to kiss her . 
 instead , he sat back , pulling her with him and toppling her against his broad chest . 
 she squeaked , big mean she-wolf that she was , the sound lost as he kissed her , nowhere near as passive as before . 
 dominant and forceful , he claimed her lips like he had every right to , demanding her response . 
 she yielded , let him delve within . 
 a groan rolled from the back of his throat and he pulled her closer , thrust deeper to find her tongue with his and duel with it . 
 teasing her until she whimpered , almost overwhelmed . 
 the touch of his lips , the stroke of his tongue ... all new and at the same time as familiar as her own skin or the wolf that prowled within . 
 she knew him . 
 on an instinctive level , on a cell-deep level , she knew it . 
 all her doubts disappearing , she relaxed into the kiss and started to tease him back , evaded him with quick flicks of her tongue , then a small nip of his lower lip when he growled at her . 
 she broke away and gasped , receiving a small grin in response . 
 `` i thought i was the wolf here . '' 
 her heart lurched . 
 she did n't remember him , only from the dreams and this new-found physical knowing . 
 what had they shared ? 
 what had they talked about and laughed over ? 
 she 'd missed all that , the loss like a physical blow . 
 `` do n't think . '' 
 evidently sensing her distress , he altered their position with ease on the couch . 
 her dress , a simple satin shift , slid over the leather with a soft rasp and he braced above her , tangling their legs . 
 `` just feel . '' 
 feel . 
 that she could do . 
 saxon closed her eyes and gave herself up to the shivers that whispered over her skin and the heat blossoming through her veins . 
 let the whole situation , her lost memory , the puzzle of their previous connection , fall away to concentrate on him and him alone . 
 he leaned down , his warmth surrounding and covering her , lips mere inches from hers , so close she felt the slight rasp of his stubble against her skin . 
 her breath caught in her throat and her wolf wallowed in the scents , new and yet so intimately familiar that rolled from his skin , his aftershave , hinting of sandalwood and citrus conjuring up the safety and security she associated with him even in the dream . 
 which explained her compulsion to buy a bottle of the stuff when she felt low , and the way her heart pounded whenever she scented a human guy wearing it , only to face an unexplainable sense of disappointment when she tracked the wearer down . 
 because it had n't been him . 
 had n't been barrett . 
 he closed the gap , caressing her lips gently with his . 
 softly . 
 compared to the feral nature of his previous kiss , the dainty , delicate touch stoked the fire within her like nothing else . 
 with a moan she opened up . 
 needing more . 
 needing everything he could give her . 
 she 'd been out in the cold too long and only his warmth could bring her back to life . 
 his breath caught in the back of his throat , then became a deep rumble of approval . 
 one arm wrapped around and under her , crossing her shoulders to cup her nape . 
 holding her still , he tilted her head back and claimed her lips again , kissing her like his life depended on it , as though he could n't get enough of her . 
 a deep , tongue-dueling invasion that turned to hot , open-mouthed kisses , fanning the flames running riot through her body . 
 more shivers raced over her skin . 
 she wrapped her arms around his shoulders and pulled him closer . 
 it did n't matter that he was human , and she a wolf . 
 did n't make a difference she could snap him in two easily , he held her in thrall with his kisses . 
 moving over her , he slid a hard-muscled leg between hers , parting her thighs to settle between them . 
 she welcomed his weight and rubbed her leg up the outside of his . 
 the heel of her shoe caught in the fabric of his pants . 
 swearing between kisses , she unhooked it to throw it on the floor . 
 his lips curved in amusement and the mood changed , became playful . 
 she struggled to get rid of the other sandal , each wriggle pushing the hem of her dress higher . 
 the fine fabric of his pants abraded her inner thighs gently , sending a shiver from her scalp down to her toes . 
 her wolf whimpered , the creature 's need to reclaim their mate a compulsion saxon could n't ignore . 
 would n't ignore . 
 finally yanking the other sandal free , she dropped it ; it joined the other with a thud . 
 then she tangled her fingers in the front of his shirt . 
 the buttons popped free easily , the tantalizing brushes of his chest on the back of her fingers almost driving her to distraction . 
 she fumbled the third button with a curse and he smiled . 
 `` tear it off , '' he whispered , nudging her nose with his . 
 oh , hell yes . 
 her wolf was so on board with that idea . 
 the most feral growl she 'd ever uttered rose from the center of her chest . 
 dropping the button like a hotcake , she grabbed handfuls of fabric and yanked . 
 cloth ripped , shattering the silence of the room , punctuated by his deep gasp as acres of masculine skin were exposed for her pleasure . 
 he growled as well , the sound becoming a rumble of approval when she ran her hands over his shoulders . 
 silky skin over steel muscles . 
 delightful . 
 sexy . 
 everything she 'd dared to dream of in her guilty little fantasies about him . 
 `` do n't stop , baby ... i need you to touch me . 
 it 's been so long - '' he cut off his own sentence by claiming her lips again , the sheer hunger in his kiss shooting a spear of heat straight through her . 
 he rolled his hips , the muscles in his shoulders and arms bunching . 
 he pressed harder , his c * ck a thick ridge in his pants that rubbed right where she needed him . 
 a moan welled up and her p ** sy clenched , aching to be filled . 
 a tremble rocked her , need dampening her panties . 
 she was wet and ready for him . 
 the reserve she 'd shown around all other men disappeared as if it had never existed . 
 `` got ta get you out of those clothes . '' 
 he punctuated his words with a trail of kisses across her shoulder . 
 hooking a finger under the strap of her dress , he slipped it down her shoulder , the rasp of his stubble along her skin dragging another shiver from her hypersensitive body . 
 `` need to see you . 
 feel you again . '' 
 her wolf aided and abetted him . 
 extending a claw , she sliced the other strap then ran it down the side of the dress . 
 the sharp tip caught her skin , but in her need she did n't care . 
 a little bit of blood was nothing . 
 he was everything . 
 he stared as the fabric fell away a little to reveal her body beneath . 
 she had n't bothered with a bra ; only a tiny pair of panties that enhanced more than hid what lay beneath . 
 he sucked in a breath as her curves were revealed . 
 sudden doubt assailed her . 
 she 'd been a soldier , had n't she ? 
 so she must have been fit , not slightly more ... curvy as she was now , that last ten pounds taunting her when it would n't come off . 
 instinctively , she tried to cover up . 
 `` no ! '' 
 he snarled , grabbing her hands and pinning them above her head with one of his . 
 leaning back , he flipped the ruined dress aside . 
 his eyes darkened , heat in their blue depths while he gazed his fill . 
 `` i liked how you were before ... '' her heart stuttered at his low words , heat beginning to spread across her cheeks . 
 `` but this ... fuck me . 
 you 're stunning . '' 
 he ran a big , callused hand up her hip and into the curve of her waist . 
 the touch burned and she fought the urge to wriggle . 
 an interplay of emotions skated across his face-need , feral and dark , warring with something else , something she could n't define . 
 his big frame shook with tension . 
 `` i wanted to take this slow , but i ca n't . '' 
 he flicked a glance up , held her gaze with his . 
 his expression was tight , on the verge of tortured . 
 `` i dreamed of finding you again . 
 how i 'd take you slowly , make sure you knew you were loved . 
 make sure you knew how much i lov ... how much you meant to me . 
 mean to me . '' 
 he paused , struggled for a second , then regained his composure and smiled . 
 the simple expression stole her breath all over again , but the darkness lurking behind it ... she shivered and her p ** sy clenched again . 
 trailing a finger under the thin strap of her panties , he said , `` but all i can think about is tearing these off and taking you , hard and fast . 
 right here . '' 
 oh lord , he really would be the death of her . 
 eyes wide and not able to do a damn thing about it , she nodded . 
 `` then do it . '' 
 surprise swamped his features , his hand stilling . 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 `` absolutely . '' 
 hooking her leg around his , she brought him closer . 
 his h * ps pressed against hers again , and her eyes rolled back in her head . 
 `` i 've been dreaming of you for years . 
 give me better dreams than blood and death . 
 please ? '' 
 without a word , he held her gaze , winding the thin strap of her panties around strong fingers . 
 tension built with each brush of his fingers . 
 when she thought she could n't take anymore , he pulled . 
 her gasp covered the twang of the snapping elastic and he pulled the ruined fabric free , the other side giving without a fight , to leave her nak * d beneath him . 
 with his big hand rough on her thigh , he pushed her legs apart . 
 her whimper broke free as he stroked higher , tracing his fingertips over the crease between leg and body . 
 parting her p ** sy lips with a gentle stroke , he groaned and bowed his head to the slick wetness . 
 `` god , baby . '' 
 he alternated long strokes of his fingers with quick flicks of his tongue over her clit . 
 `` you 'll be the death of me . '' 
 death of him ? 
 he 'd be the death of her . 
 arousal and anticipation slammed through her with the force of a freight train , driving her mercilessly higher . 
 if she harbored any doubts they 'd known each other , done this before , the doubts were swept away . 
 he knew how to touch her , how to work her body ; bring her to the brink within minutes . 
 quicker even than she could herself , in her lonely bed with battery-operated friends . 
 `` that 's it , moan for me , '' he urged , dipping his fingers into her p ** sy again . 
 the semi-penetration , the hint of more , had her panting and arching her hips , desperate . 
 desperate to be filled by him . 
 `` let me hear my name on your pretty lips again . '' 
 her reply was cut off when he slid two , thick fingers into her . 
 curling them back , he sought the sweet spot behind her pelvis , and she had to fight not to cry out . 
 biting her lip , she rode out the shivers of pleasure radiating from her core . 
 with each thrust and curl , he showed her a little bit of heaven , adding yet more pleasure when his lips brushed the side of her neck . 
 his deep voice whispered in her ear , dirty , crude phrases to describe how he was going to take her . 
 how hard , how fast . 
 words she could n't focus on . 
 she strained and rocked her h * ps until her release welled and exploded without warning . 
 tension one moment and an onslaught of ecstasy the next . 
 she cried his name and shuddered , riding his hand for every last drop of pleasure . 
 god , it had been so long ... waves shimmered through her , pleasure still ebbing and flowing . 
 he slipped from her and she gave him a pout . 
 through heavy eyelids , she admired the grace in his heavily muscled frame as he stripped with an economy of motion beautiful in itself . 
 his cock , hard and heavy , sprang free to slap against his toned stomach , the pale scars there evidence that he had n't come away from his time in the army unharmed . 
 `` like what you see ? '' 
 his amused query filtered through her pleasure-numbed brain . 
 the couch dipped under his weight and foil rustled . 
 he turned sideways , his muscled arms hiding his movements as he sheathed himself . 
 then he turned and crawled over her again like a predator , his gaze hot , a tight , fierce expression on his face . 
 the shiver hit her , radiating out from her core in waves . 
 settling between her thighs , he hauled one of her legs up over his hip , opening her wide to him . 
 the broad tip of his shaft rubbed against her clit , and she jumped with a moan of pleasure . 
 she 'd already come , but it was n't enough . 
 she needed more . 
 she needed him . 
 filling her . 
 taking her . 
 claiming her . 
 `` nearly there , baby . '' 
 he dipped his h * ps to drag the thick shaft of his c * ck along her p ** sy lips , then rocked between them . 
 she whimpered , every cell on fire as he teased her . 
 `` please ... '' she begged , unable to take much more . 
 `` barr , please . 
 now . '' 
 he answered by angling his h * ps and then he was there . 
 right where she needed him . 
 their moans , hers soft and delicate , his harsh and masculine , merged as he pushed , his thick head breeching her , stretching and parting her , each thick inch larger than the last until , finally , he was seated to the hilt . 
 `` look at me , baby , '' he urged with a strong finger under her chin , forcing her head back . 
 concern warred with the heat filling his gaze . 
 `` i did n't hurt you , did i ? '' 
 she could n't speak , the burning pressure of the welcome invasion stealing the ability clean away . 
 instead she shook her head , hands flat on his chest , waiting for the burn to ease . 
 and it did , replaced by the urgent need to move . 
 she rocked her h * ps and he rewarded her with a sharp inhale and a muttered curse . 
 grinning , she did it again . 
 `` fuck ... '' he growled . 
 `` that 's it . '' 
 grabbing her wrists again , he hauled them back over her head . 
 he seemed to like pinning her down , but she did n't care . 
 he pulled out and a shudder hit her , then he slid back in , the stroke hard and satisfying . 
 as long as he kept doing what he was doing , he could do whatever he liked . 
 setting up a hard and fast rhythm that shoved her into the soft leather of the couch , each stroke filled with a power and feral need that touched the wolf inside her . 
 she met him thrust for thrust , reveling in the heat and eroticism of the moment . 
 the sounds of sex , the slide and slap of skin on skin , and their soft moans and pants filled the room . 
 it was too much . 
 she hovered on the knife-edge again . 
 her breath caught , her movements slowing and uncoordinated . 
 barrett growled again , let go of her arms , wrapped his around her and slammed home over and over . 
 he claimed her mouth and she came apart , her scream , his name , muffled under his lips . 
 the orgasm shattered her into a million pieces , each cascading down like drops in waterfall . 
 he roared , upping his pace . 
 the slide of his thick c * ck caused the fragments to shatter further , until she was awash with bliss . 
 one , two , on the third stroke he drove into her and stiffened , throwing back his head to bellow her name . 
 claiming her as his own . 
 chapter four he could n't believe it . 
 he 'd found her again . 
 barrett lay on his side in the big bed they 'd finally made it to and watched the woman sleeping next to him . 
 if he 'd had any reservations that she was saxon-his saxon-then they 'd been eased when she fell asleep . 
 within a minute or two of her breathing evening out , she 'd turned on her side and nestled against him , all curled up and cute . 
 like she 'd always done , right from the first night they 'd spent together on a hard cot in some tent in the ass-end of beyond . 
 brushing his lips over her temple , he took a deep breath and closed his eyes in contentment . 
 he should sleep . 
 already exhaustion pulled at him beyond the sated satisfaction humming through every cell , but he did n't want to miss anything . 
 two years he 'd been without her , grieved for her , so every second was a gift . 
 he allowed the reality to settle in , and warmth spread through him . 
 car crash , his ass . 
 she did n't bear scars from the bullet wounds that killed her , but he 'd sparred with sav enough to know that wolves did n't scar and the change wiped any damage from their bodies to leave a clean slate . 
 he envied the awkward bastard . 
 while some of their training sessions left barrett almost unable to walk , the werewolf strutted around like a spring chicken , regardless of the amount of damage barr had handed out with his fists . 
 so yes , some hard questions needed to be asked , right the way down the line . 
 from the medics who had told him she 'd died , to the family that appeared to have lied to her . 
 but that could all wait until morning . 
 he did n't want to wake aaron or mel up that late at night . 
 they 'd both have his back . 
 aaron would shift heaven and earth , throwing all the influence a world-famous rock star could muster , until the situation yielded some answers . 
 they would get to the bottom of it . 
 he relaxed with a smile , finally able to look forward to the future with a happy heart . 
 he drifted between asleep and awake , saxon in his arms , and at some point must have dropped off . 
 a loud crash and the sound of wood splintering shot him out of sleep faster than an attack alarm on base . 
 jerking to a sitting position and spilling saxon off his chest , he looked around the room . 
 `` huh ? '' 
 she blinked sleep from her eyes , pushing hair out of her face . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 he did n't need to respond , deep growls from the next room answering for him . 
 saxon swore , her eyes flaring amber until they glowed solid with her wolf . 
 `` i do n't believe this . 
 stay here . '' 
 rolling out of bed , she grabbed his shirt off the floor to slide on and stalked toward the door . 
 `` like fuck . 
 we deal with this together . '' 
 he grabbed his pants , walking into them as he followed her . 
 men filled the main room , werewolves judging by the bright amber of their eyes . 
 barrett glanced from one face to the next , committing them to memory . 
 a kickback from his training . 
 three were similar , with blond hair and saxon 's features made masculine . 
 her family , obviously . 
 coming to the last one , he paused . 
 with black hair and a larger frame , he did n't fit . 
 not at all . 
 `` what the f ** k do you lot think you 're playing at ? '' 
 saxon radiated fury , her voice a low growl . 
 the man in the middle stepped forward . 
 he was older , the blond streaked with gray . 
 `` saving you from making the worst mistake of your life . '' 
 his deep , cultured voice carried the rough burr of his wolf . 
 barrett had never met saxon 's family , but for a guess , the man had to be her father . 
 not an understanding one though , judging by the anger on his face . 
 sax put her hands on her h * ps and glared back . 
 `` worst mistake of my life ? 
 you mean a worse mistake than me joining the army ? 
 or perhaps you 're referring to the mistake i made believing my family when they f ** king lied to me . 
 for . 
 two . 
 whole . 
 years . '' 
 her father froze , surprise then guilt flowing over his face , like a train derailed by her words . 
 barrett hid his grin . 
 yeah , his girl was n't slow at all , she 'd put it all together and by his reaction , proof positive she 'd been right . 
 `` why , dad ? '' 
 she softened her voice , but it carried heartbreaking pain and bewilderment . 
 `` why would you do that to me ? '' 
 `` when you were just a potential , it did n't matter . '' 
 the older wolf 's shoulders rose , shame flitting across his eyes for a second as he looked between them , then back at saxon . 
 `` so we let you do what you wanted . 
 the whole army thing . 
 when they told us that you 'd been killed - '' he paused , blew out a breath . 
 `` we 'd lost you again , completely this time . 
 when we collected you , it was wrong though . 
 you were n't dead , but you were n't alive enough for the human medics to tell the difference . '' 
 he reached for her , but she stepped back , her back against barrett 's bare chest . 
 a silent message . 
 her dad sighed and carried on . 
 `` you must have gone through the change at the point when you died . 
 it happens sometimes with a violent death . 
 like the wolf that lay dormant was finally released . '' 
 `` you let them think i was dead , did n't you ? '' 
 she asked , her tone hard , accusatory . 
 he nodded , the wolves around him remaining silent . 
 barrett flicked them a quick glance . 
 the blond wolves seemed as embarrassed as the father , bright banners of color on their cheeks , but the one with dark hair simply appeared pissed . 
 barrett tensed . 
 that one is trouble . 
 `` yeah , when we realized you were a full wolf . 
 a female wolf ... do you know how valuable you - '' `` no ! '' 
 slicing a hand through the air , she cut him off . 
 `` we are so not going there . 
 i am not a possession to be bartered , whatever the f ** k i may be . 
 human , potential , or wolf , my life is my own . 
 you taught me that , so how could you ? 
 no . 
 how dare you ? 
 how dare you take me from the life i 'd chosen , the man i 'd chosen , and then f ** king lie to me ? '' 
 her father stiffened . 
 if barrett thought he 'd been surprised before , he looked stunned now . 
 `` what ? 
 this is him ? 
 the human soldier - '' `` major , actually , '' barrett drawled . 
 `` yeah . 
 this is him . '' 
 she searched for his hand and he slid it around her waist , presenting a united front to the werewolves in the room . 
 `` i did n't forget him . 
 he was in all my dreams . 
 my wolf telling me the truth when my caring family were unable to . '' 
 `` you dreamed of him ... the nightmares ? '' 
 `` of course the nightmares . '' 
 she nodded , shifting her stance against him , her back still against his chest . 
 he could n't help bending to drop a kiss on her wayward curls , glaring at tall , dark , and wolfy all the time . 
 he did n't like the way the guy looked at sax , his woman . 
 not at all . 
 `` what else did you think i 'd have nightmares about ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` the accident i was n't involved in ? '' 
 the wolf caught barrett 's glare and curled his lip in warning . 
 barrett curled his right back . 
 he might not be a werewolf , but like saxon , he 'd come back from war changed . 
 better than he 'd been before he left . 
 sav commented more than once that barrett was stronger and faster than any human he 'd ever fought , and he 'd been hard pressed to best him at times . 
 add his special forces training and the fact that he itched to lay the smackdown on some wolves right then , and it would n't take much for him to lose his temper and kick off . 
 `` you have nightmares about ... over there ? '' 
 the subject appearing to cause the older wolf some distress , his voice low and tortured . 
 `` you do n't remember - '' `` being shot ? '' 
 she threw back . 
 `` in my dream , yes . 
 barrett confirmed i dream about the attack that killed me . 
 i dream of him trying to save me . 
 always trying to save me , but the nightmare is him slipping away at the end . 
 it 's like a wrench , like my heart is being torn right out of my chest . 
 like he 's linked to me somehow . '' 
 her father shot a glance sideways , connecting with that of the wolf next to him , one of his sons . 
 `` wolf-bon - '' `` no ! '' 
 the odd wolf out snarled , his face a mask of fury . 
 `` no bond . 
 i was promised the first female wolf the reeves pack produced . 
 in return for the ... benefits the reeves pack has already enjoyed . '' 
 he stared at barrett , his eyes glittering with malice , throwing the challenge down . 
 `` she 's mine , and no human will take her from me , bonded or not . '' 
 `` come on then , pretty-boy . 
 bring it on , '' barrett snapped in response . 
 for a human , it sounded almost wolf-like . 
 feral . 
 saxon 's breath caught when robert stepped forward , murder in his eyes . 
 fear flooded her veins , all the hurt , disappointment and frustration at the games her family had played on pause for the moment . 
 more than a werewolf , robert was wolf-born . 
 a hereditary wolf instead of a bitten one . 
 no way a human , even an ex-soldier , could take him on and win . 
 or survive . 
 tension escalated in the room . 
 `` no ! '' 
 she spread her arms , trying to keep barrett behind her . 
 she 'd only just found him , she refused to lose him again . 
 not so quickly . 
 not ever . 
 her gaze collided with barrett 's , and she read the utter determination and lethal intent in his blue eyes . 
 `` i got this . '' 
 barrett shoved her behind him with an ease belying his non-wolf standing and advanced on robert with violence written in every line of his body . 
 though nak * d from the waist up left him vulnerable to attack , barrett oozed danger and fury from his pores , and an odd growl rose from his throat . 
 `` i 'm gon na tear you apart , and there 's nothing you can do about it , human . '' 
 robert sneered , flicking a contempt-filled glance over barrett . 
 the other werewolves tensed further , warily eyeing them . 
 `` you lot stay out of it , or so help me god , i 'll destroy the reeves pack . '' 
 `` no , no ! '' 
 sax tried to shove between them , her bare feet skittering over the plush carpet , but barrett pushed her aside again , handing her off to her father . 
 she screamed and railed at him , trying to get loose as the two squared up to each other in the middle of the room . 
 robert threw the first punch , followed by a quick slice of his claws on barrett 's hand . 
 sax stilled , sagging in her father 's arms when the claws raced toward barrett 's exposed abdomen . 
 a wail built in her throat , misery and pain welling up . 
 the man she loved would be killed , murdered , right in front of her . 
 the claws did n't connect . 
 barrett stepped to the side and hammered three punches home ; head , ribs and abdomen . 
 almost before robert reacted , the air leaving his lungs in a rush , barrett twisted again . 
 his fist crashed into the other side of the wolf 's jaw , snapping his head to the side , blood and spittle flying . 
 the next blow caught him under his jaw , the perfect uppercut rocking his head back . 
 her family gasped , their wonder palpable as barrett took robert apart , piece by piece , punch by punch . 
 her jaw dropped . 
 she 'd seen him battle in her dreams , but she could n't remember seeing him fight in real life . 
 he . 
 was . 
 amazing . 
 `` fuck me , how 's he doing that ? '' 
 her brother muttered . 
 `` no human should be able to do that . '' 
 it would n't last long though . 
 already the low-level snarl building in robert 's throat warned her of his impending shift . 
 once he loosed his wolf , barrett was as good as dead . 
 `` he 's not . 
 i 've seen this before . 
 it 's rare , but it happens . '' 
 her father swung her around . 
 wisdom and concern swam in the amber depths of his eyes . 
 `` sax , it 's you . 
 it 's the wolf bond . 
 you 're an alpha and he 's tapping your wolf . 
 open the link ... wider than you ever have before , darling ... it 's the only way or culson 'll kill him . 
 come on , we 've got you . '' 
 sax nodded and reached deep inside , her family crowding close to support her . 
 her wolf yipped in welcome , pleased saxon had finally called on her . 
 silent communication passed between them , the two sides of her nature in total accord . 
 power built in her soul but instead of forcing her physical body to change , she searched for the connection that must be there , had always been there . 
 the connection to barrett . 
 their bond . 
 she found it , the edge catching at her mind like a stray thread and she grabbed . 
 hard . 
 holding tight , she pushed the power of her wolf through it , feeding the feral side of her nature into the bond to aid barrett in his fight . 
 robert 's roar brought all their heads around . 
 his eyes were bright amber , fur flowing over his features as his frame shifted , changing with sharp pops and the snapping of bone . 
 barrett backed off , fists still high , watching warily . 
 shaking with great effort , she held tight to her father 's arm , and she shoved the last of what she had-all the power and knowledge of her wolf-through the link . 
 barrett jerked , his spine bent into an arc , his big , powerful body defenseless while robert advanced . 
 half-man , half-beast , he curled his lip back to snarl , drool dripping from razor sharp teeth . 
 the dim light in the room glittered on the edges of his claws ... she screamed . 
 `` no ! 
 barrett ! '' 
 her human gasped and the spell broke . 
 launching into action , barrett ducked as robert 's claws raked the air where his throat had been . 
 she caught her breath , the only reaction she had the ability to make . 
 all her energy gone into the link , she slid to her knees . 
 barrett attacked in earnest and like before , the fact that his opponent was n't human did n't seem to make any difference to him . 
 he whirled and danced , avoiding robert 's claws and teeth with ease until the fight became a mockery . 
 his fists hammered home time after time until he 'd driven the wolf to his knees . 
 blood matted robert 's dark fur and dripped from his muzzle . 
 barrett stood over him , his chest gleaming with sweat , shoulders heaving , and he considered his opponent with disgust . 
 `` saxon . 
 is . 
 mine . '' 
 landing the last blow , he ended the fight . 
 robert keeled over , sprawling unconscious . 
 his bones cracked , the change back to human as automatic as breathing . 
 ignoring him , barrett stepped over the fallen wolf , advancing on saxon and her family . 
 he glared at the male wolves around her , a bright ring of amber , amber from her wolf , visible in his eyes . 
 a challenge , pure and simple . 
 `` i 'll take my mate now . '' 
 he held out a hand to her while his attention remained on the men . 
 `` unless any of you wants to try and stop me ? '' 
 her family stepped away from her , shaking their heads . 
 he nodded , arrogance and danger wreathing his features . 
 he 'll do anything to claim me , keep me safe . 
 without hesitation she put her hand in his , love washing through her soul and filtering through the link . 
 he returned it in full force , and her wolf , inextricably linked to them both , yipped with happiness . 
 picking her up , he held her against his solid chest . 
 `` now , little wolf . 
 we have a night to finish . 
 and a future to plan . 
 you with me ? '' 
 she wrapped her arms around his shoulders and smiled . 
 `` until death do n't us part . '' 
