 prologue ash fell from the sky . 
 lord tresting frowned , glancing up at the ruddy midday sky as his servants scuttled forward , opening a parasol over tresting and his distinguished guest . 
 ashfalls were n't that uncommon in the final empire , but tresting had hoped to avoid getting soot stains on his ﬁne new suit coat and red vest , which had just arrived via canal boat from luthadel itself . 
 fortunately , there was n't much wind ; the parasol would likely be effective . 
 tresting stood with his guest on a small hilltop patio that overlooked the ﬁelds . 
 hundreds of people in brown smocks worked in the falling ash , caring for the crops . 
 there was a sluggishness to their efforts-but , of course , that was the way of the skaa . 
 the peasants were an indolent , unproductive lot . 
 they did n't complain , of course ; they knew better than that . 
 instead , they simply worked with bowed heads , moving about their work with quiet apathy . 
 the passing whip of a taskmaster would force them into dedicated motion for a few moments , but as soon as the taskmaster passed , they would return to their languor . 
 tresting turned to the man standing beside him on the hill . 
 `` one would think , '' tresting noted , `` that a thousand years of working in ﬁelds would have bred them to be a little more effective at it . '' 
 the obligator turned , raising an eyebrow-the motion done as if to highlight his most distinctive feature , the intricate tattoos that laced the skin around his eyes . 
 the tattoos were enormous , reaching all the way across his brow and up the sides of his nose . 
 this was a full prelan-a very important obligator indeed . 
 tresting had his own , personal obligators back at the manor , but they were only minor functionaries , with barely a few marks around their eyes . 
 this man had arrived from luthadel with the same canal boat that had brought tresting 's new suit . 
 `` you should see city skaa , tresting , '' the obligator said , turning back to watch the skaa workers . 
 `` these are actually quite diligent compared to those inside luthadel . 
 you have more ... direct control over your skaa here . 
 how many would you say you lose a month ? '' 
 `` oh , a half dozen or so , '' tresting said . 
 `` some to beatings , some to exhaustion . '' 
 `` runaways ? '' 
 `` never ! '' 
 tresting said . 
 `` when i ﬁrst inherited this land from my father , i had a few runaways-but i executed their families . 
 the rest quickly lost heart . 
 i 've never understood men who have trouble with their skaa-i ﬁnd the creatures easy to control , if you show a properly ﬁrm hand . '' 
 the obligator nodded , standing quietly in his gray robes . 
 he seemed pleased-which was a good thing . 
 the skaa were n't actually tresting 's property . 
 like all skaa , they belonged to the lord ruler ; tresting only leased the workers from his god , much in the same way he paid for the services of his obligators . 
 the obligator looked down , checking his pocket watch , then glanced up at the sun . 
 despite the ashfall , the sun was bright this day , shining a brilliant crimson red behind the smoky blackness of the upper sky . 
 tresting removed a handkerchief and wiped his brow , thankful for the parasol 's shade against the midday heat . 
 `` very well , tresting , '' the obligator said . 
 `` i will carry your proposal to lord venture , as requested . 
 he will have a favorable report from me on your operations here . '' 
 tresting held in a sigh of relief . 
 an obligator was required to witness any contract or business deal between noblemen . 
 true , even a lowly obligator like the ones tresting employed could serve as such a witness-but it meant so much more to impress straff venture 's own obligator . 
 the obligator turned toward him . 
 `` i will leave back down the canal this afternoon . '' 
 `` so soon ? '' 
 tresting asked . 
 `` would n't you care to stay for supper ? '' 
 `` no , '' the obligator replied . 
 `` though there is another matter i wish to discuss with you . 
 i came not only at the behest of lord venture , but to ... look in on some matters for the canton of inquisition . 
 rumors say that you like to dally with your skaa women . '' 
 tresting felt a chill . 
 the obligator smiled ; he likely meant it to be disarming , but tresting only found it eerie . 
 `` do n't worry yourself , tresting , '' the obligator said . 
 `` if there had been any real worries about your actions , a steel inquisitor would have been sent here in my place . '' 
 tresting nodded slowly . 
 inquisitor . 
 he 'd never seen one of the inhuman creatures , but he had heard ... stories . 
 `` i have been satisﬁed regarding your actions with the skaa women , '' the obligator said , looking back over the ﬁelds . 
 `` what i 've seen and heard here indicate that you always clean up your messes . 
 a man such as yourself-efﬁcient , productive-could go far in luthadel . 
 a few more years of work , some inspired mercantile deals , and who knows ? '' 
 the obligator turned away , and tresting found himself smiling . 
 it was n't a promise , or even an endorsement-for the most part , obligators were more bureaucrats and witnesses than they were priests-but to hear such praise from one of the lord ruler 's own servants ... tresting knew that some nobility considered the obligators to be unsettling-some men even considered them a bother-but at that moment , testing could have kissed his distinguished guest . 
 tresting turned back toward the skaa , who worked quietly beneath the bloody sun and the lazy ﬂakes of ash . 
 tresting had always been a country nobleman , living on his plantation , dreaming of perhaps moving into luthadel itself . 
 he had heard of the balls and the parties , the glamour and the intrigue , and it excited him to no end . 
 i 'll have to celebrate tonight , he thought . 
 there was that young girl in the fourteenth hovel that he 'd been watching for some time ... he smiled again . 
 a few more years of work , the obligator had said . 
 but could tresting perhaps speed that up , if he worked a little harder ? 
 his skaa population had been growing lately . 
 perhaps if he pushed them a bit more , he could bring in an extra harvest this summer and fulﬁll his contract with lord venture in extra measure . 
 tresting nodded as he watched the crowd of lazy skaa , some working with their hoes , others on hands and knees , pushing the ash away from the ﬂedgling crops . 
 they did n't complain . 
 they did n't hope . 
 they barely dared think . 
 that was the way it should be , for they were skaa . 
 they were - tresting froze as one of the skaa looked up . 
 the man met tresting 's eyes , a spark-no , a ﬁre-of deﬁance showing in his expression . 
 tresting had never seen anything like it , not in the face of a skaa . 
 tresting stepped backward reﬂexively , a chill running through him as the strange , straight-backed skaa held his eyes . 
 and smiled . 
 tresting looked away . 
 `` kurdon ! '' 
 he snapped . 
 the burly taskmaster rushed up the incline . 
 `` yes , my lord ? '' 
 tresting turned , pointing at ... he frowned . 
 where had that skaa been standing ? 
 working with their heads bowed , bodies stained by soot and sweat , they were so hard to tell apart . 
 tresting paused , searching . 
 he thought he knew the place ... an empty spot , where nobody now stood . 
 but , no . 
 that could n't be it . 
 the man could n't have disappeared from the group so quickly . 
 where would he have gone ? 
 he must be in there , somewhere , working with his head now properly bowed . 
 still , his moment of apparent deﬁance was inexcusable . 
 `` my lord ? '' 
 kurdon asked again . 
 the obligator stood at the side , watching curiously . 
 it would not be wise to let the man know that one of the skaa had acted so brazenly . 
 `` work the skaa in that southern section a little harder , '' tresting ordered , pointing . 
 `` i see them being sluggish , even for skaa . 
 beat a few of them . '' 
 kurdon shrugged , but nodded . 
 it was n't much of a reason for a beating-but , then , he did n't need much of a reason to give the workers a beating . 
 they were , after all , only skaa . 
 kelsier had heard stories . 
 he had heard whispers of times when once , long ago , the sun had not been red . 
 times when the sky had n't been clogged by smoke and ash , when plants had n't struggled to grow , and when skaa had n't been slaves . 
 times before the lord ruler . 
 those days , however , were nearly forgotten . 
 even the legends were growing vague . 
 kelsier watched the sun , his eyes following the giant red disk as it crept toward the western horizon . 
 he stood quietly for a long moment , alone in the empty ﬁelds . 
 the day 's work was done ; the skaa had been herded back to their hovels . 
 soon the mists would come . 
 eventually , kelsier sighed , then turned to pick his way across the furrows and pathways , weaving between large heaps of ash . 
 he avoided stepping on the plants-though he was n't sure why he bothered . 
 the crops hardly seemed worth the effort . 
 wan , with wilted brown leaves , the plants seemed as depressed as the people who tended them . 
 the skaa hovels loomed in the waning light . 
 already , kelsier could see the mists beginning to form , clouding the air , and giving the moundlike buildings a surreal , intangible look . 
 the hovels stood unguarded ; there was no need for watchers , for no skaa would venture outside once night arrived . 
 their fear of the mists was far too strong . 
 i 'll have to cure them of that someday , kelsier thought as he approached one of the larger buildings . 
 but , all things in their own time . 
 he pulled open the door and slipped inside . 
 conversation stopped immediately . 
 kelsier closed the door , then turned with a smile to confront the room of about thirty skaa . 
 a ﬁrepit burned weakly at the center , and the large cauldron beside it was ﬁlled with vegetable-dappled water-the beginnings of an evening meal . 
 the soup would be bland , of course . 
 still , the smell was enticing . 
 `` good evening , everyone , '' kelsier said with a smile , resting his pack beside his feet and leaning against the door . 
 `` how was your day ? '' 
 his words broke the silence , and the women returned to their dinner preparations . 
 a group of men sitting at a crude table , however , continued to regard kelsier with dissatisﬁed expressions . 
 `` our day was ﬁlled with work , traveler , '' said tepper , one of the skaa elders . 
 `` something you managed to avoid . '' 
 `` fieldwork has n't ever really suited me , '' kelsier said . 
 `` it 's far too hard on my delicate skin . '' 
 he smiled , holding up hands and arms that were lined with layers and layers of thin scars . 
 they covered his skin , running lengthwise , as if some beast had repeatedly raked its claws up and down his arms . 
 tepper snorted . 
 he was young to be an elder , probably barely into his forties-at most , he might be ﬁve years kelsier 's senior . 
 however , the scrawny man held himself with the air of one who liked to be in charge . 
 `` this is no time for levity , '' tepper said sternly . 
 `` when we harbor a traveler , we expect him to behave himself and avoid suspicion . 
 when you ducked away from the ﬁelds this morning , you could have earned a whipping for the men around you . '' 
 `` true , '' kelsier said . 
 `` but those men could also have been whipped for standing in the wrong place , for pausing too long , or for coughing when a taskmaster walked by . 
 i once saw a man beaten because his master claimed that he had ` blinked inappropriately . ' '' 
 tepper sat with narrow eyes and a stiff posture , his arm resting on the table . 
 his expression was unyielding . 
 kelsier sighed , rolling his eyes . 
 `` fine . 
 if you want me to go , i 'll be off then . '' 
 he slung his pack up on his shoulder and nonchalantly pulled open the door . 
 thick mist immediately began to pour through the portal , drifting lazily across kelsier 's body , pooling on the ﬂoor and creeping across the dirt like a hesitant animal . 
 several people gasped in horror , though most of them were too stunned to make a sound . 
 kelsier stood for a moment , staring out into the dark mists , their shifting currents lit feebly by the cooking pit 's coals . 
 `` close the door . '' 
 tepper 's words were a plea , not a command . 
 kelsier did as requested , pushing the door closed and stemming the ﬂood of white mist . 
 `` the mist is not what you think . 
 you fear it far too much . '' 
 `` men who venture into the mist lose their souls , '' a woman whispered . 
 her words raised a question . 
 had kelsier walked in the mists ? 
 what , then , had happened to his soul ? 
 if you only knew , kelsier thought . 
 `` well , i guess this means i 'm staying . '' 
 he waved for a boy to bring him a stool . 
 `` it 's a good thing , too-it would have been a shame for me to leave before i shared my news . '' 
 more than one person perked up at the comment . 
 this was the real reason they tolerated him-the reason even the timid peasants would harbor a man such as kelsier , a skaa who deﬁed the lord ruler 's will by traveling from plantation to plantation . 
 a renegade he might be-a danger to the entire community-but he brought news from the outside world . 
 `` i come from the north , '' kelsier said . 
 `` from lands where the lord ruler 's touch is less noticeable . '' 
 he spoke in a clear voice , and people leaned unconsciously toward him as they worked . 
 on the next day , kelsier 's words would be repeated to the several hundred people who lived in other hovels . 
 the skaa might be subservient , but they were incurable gossips . 
 `` local lords rule in the west , '' kelsier said , `` and they are far from the iron grip of the lord ruler and his obligators . 
 some of these distant noblemen are ﬁnding that happy skaa make better workers than mistreated skaa . 
 one man , lord renoux , has even ordered his taskmasters to stop unauthorized beatings . 
 there are whispers that he 's considering paying wages to his plantation skaa , like city craftsmen might earn . '' 
 `` nonsense , '' tepper said . 
 `` my apologies , '' kelsier said . 
 `` i did n't realize that goodman tepper had been to lord renoux 's estates recently . 
 when you dined with him last , did he tell you something that he did not tell me ? '' 
 tepper blushed : skaa did not travel , and they certainly did n't dine with lords . 
 `` you think me a fool , traveler , '' tepper said , `` but i know what you 're doing . 
 you 're the one they call the survivor ; those scars on your arms give you away . 
 you 're a troublemaker-you travel the plantations , stirring up discontent . 
 you eat our food , telling your grand stories and your lies , then you disappear and leave people like me to deal with the false hopes you give our children . '' 
 kelsier raised an eyebrow . 
 `` now , now , goodman tepper , '' he said . 
 `` your worries are completely unfounded . 
 why , i have no intention of eating your food . 
 i brought my own . '' 
 with that , kelsier reached over and tossed his pack onto the earth before tepper 's table . 
 the loose bag slumped to the side , dumping an array of foods to the ground . 
 fine breads , fruits , and even a few thick , cured sausages bounced free . 
 a summerfruit rolled across the packed earthen ﬂoor and bumped lightly against tepper 's foot . 
 the middle-aged skaa regarded the fruit with stunned eyes . 
 `` that 's nobleman 's food ! '' 
 kelsier snorted . 
 `` barely . 
 you know , for a man of renowned prestige and rank , your lord tresting has remarkably poor taste . 
 his pantry is an embarrassment to his noble station . '' 
 tepper paled even further . 
 `` that 's where you went this afternoon , '' he whispered . 
 `` you went to the manor . 
 you ... stole from the master ! '' 
 `` indeed , '' kelsier said . 
 `` and , might i add that while your lord 's taste in food is deplorable , his eye for soldiers is far more impressive . 
 sneaking into his manor during the day was quite a challenge . '' 
 tepper was still staring at the bag of food . 
 `` if the taskmasters ﬁnd this here ... '' `` well , i suggest you make it disappear then , '' kelsier said . 
 `` i 'd be willing to bet that it tastes a fair bit better than watered-down farlet soup . '' 
 two dozen sets of hungry eyes studied the food . 
 if tepper intended further arguments , he did n't make them quickly enough , for his silent pause was taken as agreement . 
 within a few minutes , the bag 's contents had been inspected and distributed , and the pot of soup sat bubbling and ignored as the skaa feasted on a meal far more exotic . 
 kelsier settled back , leaning against the hovel 's wooden wall and watching the people devour their food . 
 he had spoken correctly : the pantry 's offerings had been depressingly mundane . 
 however , this was a people who had been fed on nothing but soup and gruel since they were children . 
 to them , breads and fruits were rare delicacies-usually eaten only as aging discards brought down by the house servants . 
 `` your storytelling was cut short , young man , '' an elderly skaa noted , hobbling over to sit on a stool beside kelsier . 
 `` oh , i suspect there will be time for more later , '' kelsier said . 
 `` once all evidence of my thievery has been properly devoured . 
 do n't you want any of it ? '' 
 `` no need , '' the old man said . 
 `` the last time i tried lords ' food , i had stomach pains for three days . 
 new tastes are like new ideas , young man-the older you get , the more difﬁcult they are for you to stomach . '' 
 kelsier paused . 
 the old man was hardly an imposing sight . 
 his leathered skin and bald scalp made him look more frail than they did wise . 
 yet , he had to be stronger than he looked ; few plantation skaa lived to such ages . 
 many lords did n't allow the elderly to remain home from daily work , and the frequent beatings that made up a skaa 's life took a terrible toll on the elderly . 
 `` what was your name again ? '' 
 kelsier asked . 
 `` mennis . '' 
 kelsier glanced back at tepper . 
 `` so , goodman mennis , tell me something . 
 why do you let him lead ? '' 
 mennis shrugged . 
 `` when you get to be my age , you have to be very careful where you waste your energy . 
 some battles just are n't worth ﬁghting . '' 
 there was an implication in mennis 's eyes ; he was referring to things greater than his own struggle with tepper . 
 `` you 're satisﬁed with this , then ? '' 
 kelsier asked , nodding toward the hovel and its half-starved , overworked occupants . 
 `` you 're content with a life full of beatings and endless drudgery ? '' 
 `` at least it 's a life , '' mennis said . 
 `` i know what wages , malcontent , and rebellion bring . 
 the eye of the lord ruler , and the ire of the steel ministry , can be far more terrible than a few whippings . 
 men like you preach change , but i wonder . 
 is this a battle we can really ﬁght ? '' 
 `` you 're ﬁghting it already , goodman mennis . 
 you 're just losing horribly . '' 
 kelsier shrugged . 
 `` but , what do i know ? 
 i 'm just a traveling miscreant , here to eat your food and impress your youths . '' 
 mennis shook his head . 
 `` you jest , but tepper might have been right . 
 i fear your visit will bring us grief . '' 
 kelsier smiled . 
 `` that 's why i did n't contradict him-at least , not on the troublemaker point . '' 
 he paused , then smiled more deeply . 
 `` in fact , i 'd say calling me a troublemaker is probably the only accurate thing tepper has said since i got here . '' 
 `` how do you do that ? '' 
 mennis asked , frowning . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` smile so much . '' 
 `` oh , i 'm just a happy person . '' 
 mennis glanced down at kelsier 's hands . 
 `` you know , i 've only seen scars like those on one other person-and he was dead . 
 his body was returned to lord tresting as proof that his punishment had been carried out . '' 
 mennis looked up at kelsier . 
 `` he 'd been caught speaking of rebellion . 
 tresting sent him to the pits of hathsin , where he had worked until he died . 
 the lad lasted less than a month . '' 
 kelsier glanced down at his hands and forearms . 
 they still burned sometimes , though he was certain the pain was only in his mind . 
 he looked up at mennis and smiled . 
 `` you ask why i smile , goodman mennis ? 
 well , the lord ruler thinks he has claimed laughter and joy for himself . 
 i 'm disinclined to let him do so . 
 this is one battle that does n't take very much effort to ﬁght . '' 
 mennis stared at kelsier , and for a moment kelsier thought the old man might smile in return . 
 however , mennis eventually just shook his head . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i just do n't - '' the scream cut him off . 
 it came from outside , perhaps to the north , though the mists distorted sounds . 
 the people in the hovel fell silent , listening to the faint , high-pitched yells . 
 despite the distance and the mist , kelsier could hear the pain contained in those screams . 
 kelsier burned tin . 
 it was simple for him now , after years of practice . 
 the tin sat with other allomantic metals within his stomach , swallowed earlier , waiting for him to draw upon them . 
 he reached inside with his mind and touched the tin , tapping powers he still barely understood . 
 the tin ﬂared to life within him , burning his stomach like the sensation of a hot drink swallowed too quickly . 
 allomantic power surged through his body , enhancing his senses . 
 the room around him became crisp , the dull ﬁrepit ﬂaring to near blinding brightness . 
 he could feel the grain in the wood of the stool beneath him . 
 he could still taste the remnants of the loaf of bread he 'd snacked on earlier . 
 most importantly , he could hear the screams with supernatural ears . 
 two separate people were yelling . 
 one was an older woman , the other a younger woman-perhaps a child . 
 the younger screams were getting farther and farther away . 
 `` poor jess , '' a nearby woman said , her voice booming in kelsier 's enhanced ears . 
 `` that child of hers was a curse . 
 it 's better for skaa not to have pretty daughters . '' 
 tepper nodded . 
 `` lord tresting was sure to send for the girl sooner or later . 
 we all knew it . 
 jess knew it . '' 
 `` still a shame , though , '' another man said . 
 the screams continued in the distance . 
 burning tin , kelsier was able to judge the direction accurately . 
 her voice was moving toward the lord 's manor . 
 the sounds set something off within him , and he felt his face ﬂush with anger . 
 kelsier turned . 
 `` does lord tresting ever return the girls after he 's ﬁnished with them ? '' 
 old mennis shook his head . 
 `` lord tresting is a law-abiding nobleman-he has the girls killed after a few weeks . 
 he does n't want to catch the eye of the inquisitors . '' 
 that was the lord ruler 's command . 
 he could n't afford to have half-breed children running around-children who might possess powers that skaa were n't even supposed to know existed ... the screams waned , but kelsier 's anger only built . 
 the yells reminded him of other screams . 
 a woman 's screams from the past . 
 he stood abruptly , stool toppling to the ground behind him . 
 `` careful , lad , '' mennis said apprehensively . 
 `` remember what i said about wasting energy . 
 you 'll never raise that rebellion of yours if you get yourself killed tonight . '' 
 kelsier glanced toward the old man . 
 then , through the screams and the pain , he forced himself to smile . 
 `` i 'm not here to lead a rebellion among you , goodman mennis . 
 i just want to stir up a little trouble . '' 
 `` what good could that do ? '' 
 kelsier 's smile deepened . 
 `` new days are coming . 
 survive a little longer , and you just might see great happenings in the final empire . 
 i bid you all thanks for your hospitality . '' 
 with that , he pulled open the door and strode out into the mist . 
 mennis lay awake in the early hours of morning . 
 it seemed that the older he became , the more difﬁcult it was for him to sleep . 
 this was particularly true when he was troubled about something , such as the traveler 's failure to return to the hovel . 
 mennis hoped that kelsier had come to his senses and decided to move on . 
 however , that prospect seemed unlikely ; mennis had seen the ﬁre in kelsier 's eyes . 
 it seemed such a shame that a man who had survived the pits would instead ﬁnd death here , on a random plantation , trying to protect a girl everyone else had given up for dead . 
 how would lord tresting react ? 
 he was said to be particularly harsh with anyone who interrupted his nighttime enjoyments . 
 if kelsier had managed to disturb the master 's pleasures , tresting might easily decide to punish the rest of his skaa by association . 
 eventually , the other skaa began to awake . 
 mennis lay on the hard earth-bones aching , back complaining , muscles exhausted-trying to decide if it was worth rising . 
 each day , he nearly gave up . 
 each day , it was a little harder . 
 one day , he would just stay in the hovel , waiting until the taskmasters came to kill those who were too sick or too elderly to work . 
 but not today . 
 he could see too much fear in the eyes of the skaa-they knew that kelsier 's nighttime activities would bring trouble . 
 they needed mennis ; they looked to him . 
 he needed to get up . 
 and so he did . 
 once he started moving , the pains of age decreased slightly , and he was able to shufﬂe out of the hovel toward the ﬁelds , leaning on a younger man for support . 
 it was then that he caught a scent in the air . 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` do you smell smoke ? '' 
 shum-the lad upon whom mennis leaned-paused . 
 the last remnants of the night 's mist had burned away , and the red sun was rising behind the sky 's usual haze of blackish clouds . 
 `` i always smell smoke , lately , '' shum said . 
 `` the ash-mounts are violent this year . '' 
 `` no , '' mennis said , feeling increasingly apprehensive . 
 `` this is different . '' 
 he turned to the north , toward where a group of skaa were gathering . 
 he let go of shum , shufﬂing toward the group , feet kicking up dust and ash as he moved . 
 at the center of the group of people , he found jess . 
 her daughter , the one they all assumed had been taken by lord tresting , stood beside her . 
 the young girl 's eyes were red from lack of sleep , but she appeared unharmed . 
 `` she came back not long after they took her , '' the woman was explaining . 
 `` she came and pounded on the door , crying in the mist . 
 flen was sure it was just a mistwraith impersonating her , but i had to let her in ! 
 i do n't care what he says , i 'm not giving her up . 
 i brought her out in the sunlight , and she did n't disappear . 
 that proves she 's not a mistwraith ! '' 
 mennis stumbled back from the growing crowd . 
 did none of them see it ? 
 no taskmasters came to break up the group . 
 no soldiers came to make the morning population counts . 
 something was very wrong . 
 mennis continued to the north , moving frantically toward the manor house . 
 by the time he arrived , others had noticed the twisting line of smoke that was just barely visible in the morning light . 
 mennis was n't the ﬁrst to arrive at the edge of the short hilltop plateau , but the group made way for him when he did . 
 the manor house was gone . 
 only a blackened , smoldering scar remained . 
 `` by the lord ruler ! '' 
 mennis whispered . 
 `` what happened here ? '' 
 `` he killed them all . '' 
 mennis turned . 
 the speaker was jess 's girl . 
 she stood looking down at the fallen house , a satisﬁed expression on her youthful face . 
 `` they were dead when he brought me out , '' she said . 
 `` all of them-the soldiers , the taskmasters , the lords ... dead . 
 even lord tresting and his obligators . 
 the master had left me , going to investigate when the noises began . 
 on the way out , i saw him lying in his own blood , stab wounds in his chest . 
 the man who saved me threw a torch in the building as we left . '' 
 `` this man , '' mennis said . 
 `` he had scars on his hands and arms , reaching past the elbows ? '' 
 the girl nodded silently . 
 `` what kind of demon was that man ? '' 
 one of the skaa muttered uncomfortably . 
 `` mistwraith , '' another whispered , apparently forgetting that kelsier had gone out during the day . 
 but he did go out into the mist , mennis thought . 
 and , how did he accomplish a feat like this ... ? 
 lord tresting kept over two dozen soldiers ! 
 did kelsier have a hidden band of rebels , perhaps ? 
 kelsier 's words from the night before sounded in his ears . 
 new days are coming ... `` but , what of us ? '' 
 tepper asked , terriﬁed . 
 `` what will happen when the lord ruler hears this ? 
 he 'll think that we did it ! 
 he 'll send us to the pits , or maybe just send his koloss to slaughter us outright ! 
 why would that troublemaker do something like this ? 
 does n't he understand the damage he 's done ? '' 
 `` he understands , '' mennis said . 
 `` he warned us , tepper . 
 he came to stir up trouble . '' 
 `` but , why ? '' 
 `` because he knew we 'd never rebel on our own , so he gave us no choice . '' 
 tepper paled . 
 lord ruler , mennis thought . 
 i ca n't do this . 
 i can barely get up in the mornings-i ca n't save this people . 
 but what other choice was there ? 
 mennis turned . 
 `` gather the people , tepper . 
 we must ﬂee before word of this disaster reaches the lord ruler . '' 
 `` where will we go ? '' 
 `` the caves to the east , '' mennis said . 
 `` travelers say there are rebel skaa hiding in them . 
 perhaps they 'll take us in . '' 
 tepper paled further . 
 `` but ... we 'd have to travel for days . 
 spend nights in the mist . '' 
 `` we can do that , '' mennis said , `` or we can stay here and die . '' 
 tepper stood frozen for a moment , and mennis thought the shock of it all might have overwhelmed him . 
 eventually , however , the younger man scurried off to gather the others , as commanded . 
 mennis sighed , looking up toward the trailing line of smoke , cursing the man kelsier quietly in his mind . 
 new days indeed . 
 part one the survivor of hathsin i consider myself to be a man of principle . 
 but , what man does not ? 
 even the cutthroat , i have noticed , considers his actions `` moral '' after a fashion . 
 perhaps another person , reading of my life , would name me a religious tyrant . 
 he could call me arrogant . 
 what is to make that man 's opinion any less valid than my own ? 
 i guess it all comes down to one fact : in the end , i 'm the one with the armies . 
 1 ash fell from the sky . 
 vin watched the downy ﬂakes drift through the air . 
 leisurely . 
 careless . 
 free . 
 the puffs of soot fell like black snowﬂakes , descending upon the dark city of luthadel . 
 they drifted in corners , blowing in the breeze and curling in tiny whirlwinds over the cobblestones . 
 they seemed so uncaring . 
 what would that be like ? 
 vin sat quietly in one of the crew 's watch-holes-a hidden alcove built into the bricks on the side of the safe house . 
 from within it , a crewmember could watch the street for signs of danger . 
 vin was n't on duty ; the watch-hole was simply one of the few places where she could ﬁnd solitude . 
 and vin liked solitude . 
 when you 're alone , no one can betray you . 
 reen 's words . 
 her brother had taught her so many things , then had reinforced them by doing what he 'd always promised he would-by betraying her himself . 
 it 's the only way you 'll learn . 
 anyone will betray you , vin . 
 anyone . 
 the ash continued to fall . 
 sometimes , vin imagined she was like the ash , or the wind , or the mist itself . 
 a thing without thought , capable of simply being , not thinking , caring , or hurting . 
 then she could be ... free . 
 she heard shufﬂing a short distance away , then the trapdoor at the back of the small chamber snapped open . 
 `` vin ! '' 
 ulef said , sticking his head into the room . 
 `` there you are ! 
 camon 's been searching for you for a half hour . '' 
 that 's kind of why i hid in the ﬁrst place . 
 `` you should get going , '' ulef said . 
 `` the job 's almost ready to begin . '' 
 ulef was a gangly boy . 
 nice , after his own fashion-naive , if one who had grown up in the underworld could ever really be called `` naive . '' 
 of course , that did n't mean he would n't betray her . 
 betrayal had nothing to do with friendship ; it was a simple fact of survival . 
 life was harsh on the streets , and if a skaa thief wanted to keep from being caught and executed , he had to be practical . 
 and ruthlessness was the very most practical of emotions . 
 another of reen 's sayings . 
 `` well ? '' 
 ulef asked . 
 `` you should go . 
 camon 's mad . '' 
 when is he not ? 
 however , vin nodded , scrambling out of the cramped-yet comforting-conﬁnes of the watch-hole . 
 she brushed past ulef and hopped out of the trapdoor , moving into a hallway , then a run-down pantry . 
 the room was one of many at the back of the store that served as a front for the safe house . 
 the crew 's lair itself was hidden in a tunneled stone cavern beneath the building . 
 she left the building through a back door , ulef trailing behind her . 
 the job would happen a few blocks away , in a richer section of town . 
 it was an intricate job-one of the most complex vin had ever seen . 
 assuming camon was n't caught , the payoff would be great indeed . 
 if he was caught ... well , scamming noblemen and obligators was a very dangerous profession-but it certainly beat working in the forges or the textile mills . 
 vin exited the alleyway , moving out onto a dark , tenementlined street in one of the city 's many skaa slums . 
 skaa too sick to work lay huddled in corners and gutters , ash drifting around them . 
 vin kept her head down and pulled up her cloak 's hood against the still falling ﬂakes . 
 free . 
 no , i 'll never be free . 
 reen made certain of that when he left . 
 `` there you are ! '' 
 camon lifted a squat , fat ﬁnger and jabbed it toward her face . 
 `` where were you ? '' 
 vin did n't let hatred or rebellion show in her eyes . 
 she simply looked down , giving camon what he expected to see . 
 there were other ways to be strong . 
 that lesson she had learned on her own . 
 camon growled slightly , then raised his hand and backhanded her across the face . 
 the force of the blow threw vin back against the wall , and her cheek blazed with pain . 
 she slumped against the wood , but bore the punishment silently . 
 just another bruise . 
 she was strong enough to deal with it . 
 she 'd done so before . 
 `` listen , '' camon hissed . 
 `` this is an important job . 
 it 's worth thousands of boxings-worth more than you a hundred times over . 
 i wo n't have you fouling it up . 
 understand ? '' 
 vin nodded . 
 camon studied her for a moment , his pudgy face red with anger . 
 finally , he looked away , muttering to himself . 
 he was annoyed about something-something more than just vin . 
 perhaps he had heard about the skaa rebellion several days to the north . 
 one of the provincial lords , themos tresting , had apparently been murdered , his manor burned to the ground . 
 such disturbances were bad for business ; they made the aristocracy more alert , and less gullible . 
 that , in turn , could cut seriously into camon 's proﬁts . 
 he 's looking for someone to punish , vin thought . 
 he always gets nervous before a job . 
 she looked up at camon , tasting blood on her lip . 
 she must have let some of her conﬁdence show , because he glanced at her out of the corner of his eye , and his expression darkened . 
 he raised his hand , as if to strike her again . 
 vin used up a bit of her luck . 
 she expended just a smidgen ; she 'd need the rest for the job . 
 she directed the luck at camon , calming his nervousness . 
 the crewleader paused-oblivious of vin 's touch , yet feeling its effects nonetheless . 
 he stood for a moment ; then he sighed , turning away and lowering his hand . 
 vin wiped her lip as camon waddled away . 
 the thiefmaster looked very convincing in his nobleman 's suit . 
 it was as rich a costume as vin had ever seen-it had a white shirt overlaid by a deep green vest with engraved gold buttons . 
 the black suit coat was long , after the current fashion , and he wore a matching black hat . 
 his ﬁngers sparkled with rings , and he even carried a ﬁne dueling cane . 
 indeed , camon did an excellent job of imitating a nobleman ; when it came to playing a role , there were few thieves more competent than camon . 
 assuming he could keep his temper under control . 
 the room itself was less impressive . 
 vin pulled herself to her feet as camon began to snap at some of the other crewmembers . 
 they had rented one of the suites at the top of a local hotel . 
 not too lavish-but that was the idea . 
 camon was going to be playing the part of `` lord jedue , '' a country nobleman who had hit upon hard ﬁnancial times and come to luthadel to get some ﬁnal , desperate contracts . 
 the main room had been transformed into a sort of audience chamber , set with a large desk for camon to sit behind , the walls decorated with cheap pieces of art . 
 two men stood beside the desk , dressed in formal stewards ' clothing ; they would play the part of camon 's manservants . 
 `` what is this ruckus ? '' 
 a man asked , entering the room . 
 he was tall , dressed in a simple gray shirt and a pair of slacks , with a thin sword tied at his waist . 
 theron was the other crewleader-this particular scam was actually his . 
 he 'd brought in camon as a partner ; he 'd needed someone to play lord jedue , and everyone knew that camon was one of the best . 
 camon looked up . 
 `` hum ? 
 ruckus ? 
 oh , that was just a minor discipline problem . 
 do n't bother yourself , theron . '' 
 camon punctuated his remark with a dismissive wave of the hand-there was a reason he played such a good aristocrat . 
 he was arrogant enough that he could have been from one of the great houses . 
 theron 's eyes narrowed . 
 vin knew what the man was probably thinking : he was deciding how risky it would be to put a knife in camon 's fat back once the scam was over . 
 eventually , the taller crewleader looked away from camon , glancing at vin . 
 `` who 's this ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` just a member of my crew , '' camon said . 
 `` i thought we did n't need anyone else . '' 
 `` well , we need her , '' camon said . 
 `` ignore her . 
 my end of the operation is none of your concern . '' 
 theron eyed vin , obviously noting her bloodied lip . 
 she glanced away . 
 theron 's eyes lingered on her , however , running down the length of her body . 
 she wore a simple white buttoned shirt and a pair of overalls . 
 indeed , she was hardly enticing ; scrawny with a youthful face , she supposedly did n't even look her sixteen years . 
 some men preferred such women , however . 
 she considered using a bit of luck on him , but eventually he turned away . 
 `` the obligator is nearly here , '' theron said . 
 `` are you ready ? '' 
 camon rolled his eyes , settling his bulk down into the chair behind the desk . 
 `` everything is perfect . 
 leave me be , theron ! 
 go back to your room and wait . '' 
 theron frowned , then spun and walked from the room , muttering to himself . 
 vin scanned the room , studying the decor , the servants , the atmosphere . 
 finally , she made her way to camon 's desk . 
 the crewleader sat rifﬂing through a stack of papers , apparently trying to decide which ones to put out on the desktop . 
 `` camon , '' vin said quietly , `` the servants are too ﬁne . '' 
 camon frowned , looking up . 
 `` what is that you 're babbling ? '' 
 `` the servants , '' vin repeated , still speaking in a soft whisper . 
 `` lord jedue is supposed to be desperate . 
 he 'd have rich clothing left over from before , but he would n't be able to afford such rich servants . 
 he 'd use skaa . '' 
 camon glared at her , but he paused . 
 physically , there was little difference between noblemen and skaa . 
 the servants camon had appointed , however , were dressed as minor noblemen-they were allowed to wear colorful vests , and they stood a little more conﬁdently . 
 `` the obligator has to think that you 're nearly impoverished , '' vin said . 
 `` pack the room with a lot of skaa servants instead . '' 
 `` what do you know ? '' 
 camon said , scowling at her . 
 `` enough . '' 
 she immediately regretted the word ; it sounded too rebellious . 
 camon raised a bejeweled hand , and vin braced herself for another slap . 
 she could n't afford to use up any more luck . 
 she had precious little remaining anyway . 
 however , camon did n't hit her . 
 instead , he sighed and rested a pudgy hand on her shoulder . 
 `` why do you insist on provoking me , vin ? 
 you know the debts your brother left when he ran away . 
 do you realize that a less merciful man than myself would have sold you to the whoremasters long ago ? 
 how would you like that , serving in some nobleman 's bed until he grew tired of you and had you executed ? '' 
 vin looked down at her feet . 
 camon 's grip grew tight , his ﬁngers pinching her skin where neck met shoulder , and she gasped in pain despite herself . 
 he grinned at the reaction . 
 `` honestly , i do n't know why i keep you , vin , '' he said , increasing the pressure of his grip . 
 `` i should have gotten rid of you months ago , when your brother betrayed me . 
 i suppose i just have too kindly a heart . '' 
 he ﬁnally released her , then pointed for her to stand over by the side of the room , next to a tall indoor plant . 
 she did as ordered , orienting herself so she had a good view of the entire room . 
 as soon as camon looked away , she rubbed her shoulder . 
 just another pain . 
 i can deal with pain . 
 camon sat for a few moments . 
 then , as expected , he waved to the two `` servants '' at his side . 
 `` you two ! '' 
 he said . 
 `` you 're dressed too richly . 
 go put on something that makes you look like skaa servants instead - and bring back six more men with you when you come . '' 
 soon , the room was ﬁlled as vin had suggested . 
 the obligator arrived a short time later . 
 vin watched prelan laird step haughtily into the room . 
 shaved bald like all obligators , he wore a set of dark gray robes . 
 the ministry tattoos around his eyes identiﬁed him as a prelan , a senior bureaucrat in the ministry 's canton of finance . 
 a set of lesser obligators trailed behind him , their eye tattoos far less intricate . 
 camon rose as the prelan entered , a sign of respect - something even the highest of great house noblemen would show to an obligator of laird 's rank . 
 laird gave no bow or acknowledgment of his own , instead striding forward and taking the seat in front of camon 's desk . 
 one of the crewmen impersonating a servant rushed forward , bringing chilled wine and fruit for the obligator . 
 laird picked at the fruit , letting the servant stand obediently , holding the platter of food as if he were a piece of furniture . 
 `` lord jedue , '' laird ﬁnally said . 
 `` i am glad we ﬁnally have the opportunity to meet . '' 
 `` as am i , your grace , '' camon said . 
 `` why is it , again , that you were unable to come to the canton building , instead requiring that i visit you here ? '' 
 `` my knees , your grace , '' camon said . 
 `` my physicians recommend that i travel as little as possible . '' 
 and you were rightly apprehensive about being drawn into a ministry stronghold , vin thought . 
 `` i see , '' laird said . 
 `` bad knees . 
 an unfortunate attribute in a man who deals in transportation . '' 
 `` i do n't have to go on the trips , your grace , '' camon said , bowing his head . 
 `` just organize them . '' 
 good , vin thought . 
 make sure you remain subservient , camon . 
 you need to seem desperate . 
 vin needed this scam to succeed . 
 camon threatened her and he beat her-but he considered her a good-luck charm . 
 she was n't sure if he knew why his plans went better when she was in the room , but he had apparently made the connection . 
 that made her valuable-and reen had always said that the surest way to stay alive in the underworld was to make yourself indispensable . 
 `` i see , '' laird said again . 
 `` well , i fear that our meeting has come too late for your purposes . 
 the canton of finance has already voted on your proposal . '' 
 `` so soon ? '' 
 camon asked with genuine surprise . 
 `` yes , '' laird replied , taking a sip of his wine , still not dismissing the servant . 
 `` we have decided not to accept your contract . '' 
 camon sat for a moment , stunned . 
 `` i 'm sorry to hear that , your grace . '' 
 laird came to meet you , vin thought . 
 that means he 's still in a position to negotiate . 
 `` indeed , '' camon continued , seeing what vin had . 
 `` that is especially unfortunate , as i was ready to make the ministry an even better offer . '' 
 laird raised a tattooed eyebrow . 
 `` i doubt it will matter . 
 there is an element of the council who feels that the canton would receive better service if we found a more stable house to transport our people . '' 
 `` that would be a grave mistake , '' camon said smoothly . 
 `` let us be frank , your grace . 
 we both know that this contract is house jedue 's last chance . 
 now that we 've lost the farwan deal , we can not afford to run our canal boats to luthadel anymore . 
 without the ministry 's patronage , my house is ﬁnancially doomed . '' 
 `` this is doing very little to persuade me , your lordship , '' the obligator said . 
 `` is n't it ? '' 
 camon asked . 
 `` ask yourself this , your grace - who will serve you better ? 
 will it be the house that has dozens of contracts to divide its attention , or the house that views your contract as its last hope ? 
 the canton of finance will not ﬁnd a more accommodating partner than a desperate one . 
 let my boats be the ones that bring your acolytes down from the north-let my soldiers escort them-and you will not be disappointed . '' 
 good , vin thought . 
 `` i. . . 
 see , '' the obligator said , now troubled . 
 `` i would be willing to give you an extended contract , locked in at the price of ﬁfty boxings a head per trip , your grace . 
 your acolytes would be able to travel our boats at their leisure , and would always have the escorts they need . '' 
 the obligator raised an eyebrow . 
 `` that 's half the former fee . '' 
 `` i told you , '' camon said . 
 `` we 're desperate . 
 my house needs to keep its boats running . 
 fifty boxings will not make us a proﬁt , but that does n't matter . 
 once we have the ministry contract to bring us stability , we can ﬁnd other contracts to ﬁll our coffers . '' 
 laird looked thoughtful . 
 it was a fabulous deal-one that might ordinarily have been suspicious . 
 however , camon 's presentation created the image of a house on the brink of ﬁnancial collapse . 
 the other crewleader , theron , had spent ﬁve years building , scamming , and ﬁnagling to create this moment . 
 the ministry would be remiss not to consider the opportunity . 
 laird was realizing just that . 
 the steel ministry was not just the force of bureaucracy and legal authority in the final empire-it was like a noble house unto itself . 
 the more wealth it had , the better its own mercantile contracts , the more leverage the various ministry cantons had with each other-and with the noble houses . 
 laird was still obviously hesitant , however . 
 vin could see the look in his eyes , the suspicion she knew well . 
 he was not going to take the contract . 
 now , vin thought , it 's my turn . 
 vin used her luck on laird . 
 she reached out tentatively-not even really sure what she was doing , or why she could even do it . 
 yet her touch was instinctive , trained through years of subtle practice . 
 she 'd been ten years old before she 'd realized that other people could n't do what she could . 
 she pressed against laird 's emotions , dampening them . 
 he became less suspicious , less afraid . 
 docile . 
 his worries melted away , and vin could see a calm sense of control begin to assert itself in his eyes . 
 yet , laird still seemed slightly uncertain . 
 vin pushed harder . 
 he cocked his head , looking thoughtful . 
 he opened his mouth to speak , but she pushed against him again , desperately using up her last pinch of luck . 
 he paused again . 
 `` very well , '' he ﬁnally said . 
 `` i will take this new proposal to the council . 
 perhaps an agreement can still be reached . '' 
 if men read these words , let them know that power is a heavy burden . 
 seek not to be bound by its chains . 
 the terris prophecies say that i will have the power to save the world . 
 they hint , however , that i will have the power to destroy it as well . 
 2 in kelsier 's opinion , the city of luthadel-seat of the lord ruler-was a gloomy sight . 
 most of the buildings had been built from stone blocks , with tile roofs for the wealthy , and simple , peaked wooden roofs for the rest . 
 the structures were packed closely together , making them seem squat despite the fact that they were generally three stories high . 
 the tenements and shops were uniform in appearance ; this was not a place to draw attention to oneself . 
 unless , of course , you were a member of the high nobility . 
 interspersed throughout the city were a dozen or so monolithic keeps . 
 intricate , with rows of spearlike spires or deep archways , these were the homes of the high nobility . 
 in fact , they were the mark of a high noble family : any family who could afford to build a keep and maintain a high-proﬁle presence in luthadel was considered to be a great house . 
 most of the open ground in the city was around these keeps . 
 the patches of space amid the tenements were like clearings in a forest , the keeps themselves like solitary mounts rising above the rest of the landscape . 
 black mountains . 
 like the rest of the city , the keeps were stained by countless years of ashfalls . 
 every structure in luthadel-virtually every structure kelsier had ever seen-had been blackened to some degree . 
 even the city wall , upon which kelsier now stood , was blackened by a patina of soot . 
 structures were generally darkest at the top , where the ash gathered , but rainwaters and evening condensations had carried the stains over ledges and down walls . 
 like paint running down a canvas , the darkness seemed to creep down the sides of buildings in an uneven gradient . 
 the streets , of course , were completely black . 
 kelsier stood waiting , scanning the city as a group of skaa workers worked in the street below , clearing away the latest mounds of ash . 
 they 'd take it to the river channerel , which ran through the center of the city , sending the piles of ash to be washed away , lest it pile up and eventually bury the city . 
 sometimes , kelsier wondered why the entire empire was n't just one big mound of ash . 
 he supposed the ash must break down into soil eventually . 
 yet , it took a ridiculous amount of effort to keep cities and ﬁelds clear enough to be used . 
 fortunately , there were always enough skaa to do the work . 
 the workers below him wore simple coats and trousers , ash-stained and worn . 
 like the plantation workers he had left behind several weeks before , they worked with beaten-down , despondent motions . 
 other groups of skaa passed the workers , responding to the bells in the distance , chiming the hour and calling them to their morning 's work at the forges or mills . 
 luthadel 's main export was metal ; the city was home to hundreds of forges and reﬁneries . 
 however , the surgings of the river provided excellent locations for mills , both to grind grains and make textiles . 
 the skaa continued to work . 
 kelsier turned away from them , looking up into the distance , toward the city center , where the lord ruler 's palace loomed like some kind of massive , multi-spined insect . 
 kredik shaw , the hill of a thousand spires . 
 the palace was several times the size of any nobleman 's keep , and was by far the largest building in the city . 
 another ashfall began as kelsier stood contemplating the city , the ﬂakes falling lightly down upon the streets and buildings . 
 a lot of ashfalls , lately , he thought , glad for the excuse to pull up the hood on his cloak . 
 the ashmounts must be active . 
 it was unlikely that anyone in luthadel would recognize him-it had been three years since his capture . 
 still , the hood was reassuring . 
 if all went well , there would come a time when kelsier would want to be seen and recognized . 
 for now , anonymity was probably better . 
 eventually , a ﬁgure approached along the wall . 
 the man , dockson , was shorter than kelsier , and he had a squarish face that seemed well suited to his moderately stocky build . 
 a nondescript brown hooded cloak covered his black hair , and he wore the same short half beard that he 'd sported since his face had ﬁrst put forth whiskers some twenty years before . 
 he , like kelsier , wore a nobleman 's suit : colored vest , dark coat and trousers , and a thin cloak to keep off the ash . 
 the clothing was n't rich , but it was aristocratic-indicative of the luthadel middle class . 
 most men of noble birth were n't wealthy enough to be considered part of a great house-yet , in the final empire , nobility was n't just about money . 
 it was about lineage and history ; the lord ruler was immortal , and he apparently still remembered the men who had supported him during the early years of his reign . 
 the descendants of those men , no matter how poor they became , would always be favored . 
 the clothing would keep passing guard patrols from asking too many questions . 
 in the cases of kelsier and dockson , of course , that clothing was a lie . 
 neither was actually noble - though , technically , kelsier was a half-blood . 
 in many ways , however , that was worse than being just a normal skaa . 
 dockson strolled up next to kelsier , then leaned against the battlement , resting a pair of stout arms on the stone . 
 `` you 're a few days late , kell . '' 
 `` i decided to make a few extra stops in the plantations to the north . '' 
 `` ah , '' dockson said . 
 `` so you did have something to do with lord tresting 's death . '' 
 kelsier smiled . 
 `` you could say that . '' 
 `` his murder caused quite a stir among the local nobility . '' 
 `` that was kind of the intention , '' kelsier said . 
 `` though , to be honest , i was n't planning anything quite so dramatic . 
 it was almost more of an accident than anything else . '' 
 dockson raised an eyebrow . 
 `` how do you ` accidentally ' kill a nobleman in his own mansion ? '' 
 `` with a knife in the chest , '' kelsier said lightly . 
 `` or , rather , a pair of knives in the chest-it always pays to be careful . '' 
 dockson rolled his eyes . 
 `` his death is n't exactly a loss , dox , '' kelsier said . 
 `` even among the nobility , tresting had a reputation for cruelty . '' 
 `` i do n't care about tresting , '' dockson said . 
 `` i 'm just considering the state of insanity that led me to plan another job with you . 
 attacking a provincial lord in his manor house , surrounded by guards ... honestly , kell , i 'd nearly forgotten how foolhardy you can be . '' 
 `` foolhardy ? '' 
 kelsier asked with a laugh . 
 `` that was n't foolhardy-that was just a small diversion . 
 you should see some of the things i 'm planning to do ! '' 
 dockson stood for a moment , then he laughed too . 
 `` by the lord ruler , it 's good to have you back , kell ! 
 i 'm afraid i 've grown rather boring during the last few years . '' 
 `` we 'll ﬁx that , '' kelsier promised . 
 he took a deep breath , ash falling lightly around him . 
 skaa cleaning crews were already back at work on the streets below , brushing up the dark ash . 
 behind , a guard patrol passed , nodding to kelsier and dockson . 
 they waited in silence for the men to pass . 
 `` it 's good to be back , '' kelsier ﬁnally said . 
 `` there 's something homey about luthadel-even if it is a depressing , stark pit of a city . 
 you have the meeting organized ? '' 
 dockson nodded . 
 `` we ca n't start until this evening , though . 
 how 'd you get in , anyway ? 
 i had men watching the gates . '' 
 `` hmm ? 
 oh , i snuck in last night . '' 
 `` but how - '' dockson paused . 
 `` oh , right . 
 that 's going to take some getting used to . '' 
 kelsier shrugged . 
 `` i do n't see why . 
 you always work with mistings . '' 
 `` yes , but this is different , '' dockson said . 
 he held up a hand to forestall further argument . 
 `` no need , kell . 
 i 'm not hedging-i just said it would take some getting used to . '' 
 `` fine . 
 who 's coming tonight ? '' 
 `` well , breeze and ham will be there , of course . 
 they 're very curious about this mystery job of ours-not to mention rather annoyed that i wo n't tell him what you 've been up to these last few years . '' 
 `` good , '' kelsier said with a smile . 
 `` let them wonder . 
 how about trap ? '' 
 dockson shook his head . 
 `` trap 's dead . 
 the ministry ﬁnally caught up with him a couple months ago . 
 did n't even bother sending him to the pits-they beheaded him on the spot . '' 
 kelsier closed his eyes , exhaling softly . 
 it seemed that the steel ministry caught up with everyone eventually . 
 sometimes , kelsier felt that a skaa misting 's life was n't so much about surviving as it was about picking the right time to die . 
 `` this leaves us without a smoker , '' kelsier ﬁnally said , opening his eyes . 
 `` you have any suggestions ? '' 
 `` ruddy , '' dockson said . 
 kelsier shook his head . 
 `` no . 
 he 's a good smoker , but he 's not a good enough man . '' 
 dockson smiled . 
 `` not a good enough man to be on a thieving crew ... kell , i have missed working with you . 
 all right , who then ? '' 
 kelsier thought for a moment . 
 `` is clubs still running that shop of his ? '' 
 `` as far as i know , '' dockson said slowly . 
 `` he 's supposed to be one of the best smokers in the city . '' 
 `` i suppose , '' dockson said . 
 `` but . . 
 is n't he supposed to be kind of hard to work with ? '' 
 `` he 's not so bad , '' kelsier said . 
 `` not once you get used to him . 
 besides , i think he might be ... amenable to this particular job . '' 
 `` all right , '' dockson said , shrugging . 
 `` i 'll invite him . 
 i think one of his relatives is a tineye . 
 do you want me to invite him too ? '' 
 `` sounds good , '' kelsier said . 
 `` all right , '' dockson said . 
 `` well , beyond that , there 's just yeden . 
 assuming he 's still interested ... '' `` he 'll be there , '' kelsier said . 
 `` he 'd better be , '' dockson said . 
 `` he 'll be the one paying us , after all . '' 
 kelsier nodded , then frowned . 
 `` you did n't mention marsh . '' 
 dockson shrugged . 
 `` i warned you . 
 your brother never did approve of our methods , and now ... well , you know marsh . 
 he wo n't even have anything to do with yeden and the rebellion anymore , let alone with a bunch of criminals like us . 
 i think we 'll have to ﬁnd someone else to inﬁltrate the obligators . '' 
 `` no , '' kelsier said . 
 `` he 'll do it . 
 i 'll just have to stop by to persuade him . '' 
 `` if you say so . '' 
 dockson fell silent then , and the two stood for a moment , leaning against the railing and looking out over the ash-stained city . 
 dockson ﬁnally shook his head . 
 `` this is insane , eh ? '' 
 kelsier smiled . 
 `` feels good , does n't it ? '' 
 dockson nodded . 
 `` fantastic . '' 
 `` it will be a job like no other , '' kelsier said , looking north-across the city and toward the twisted building at its center . 
 dockson stepped away from the wall . 
 `` we have a few hours before the meeting . 
 there 's something i want to show you . 
 i think there 's still time-if we hurry . '' 
 kelsier turned with curious eyes . 
 `` well , i was going to go and chastise my prude of a brother . 
 but . . '' 
 `` this will be worth your time , '' dockson promised . 
 vin sat in the corner of the safe house 's main lair . 
 she kept to the shadows , as usual ; the more she stayed out of sight , the more the others would ignore her . 
 she could n't afford to expend luck keeping the men 's hands off of her . 
 she 'd barely had time to regenerate what she 'd used a few days before , during the meeting with the obligator . 
 the usual rabble lounged at tables in the room , playing at dice or discussing minor jobs . 
 smoke from a dozen different pipes pooled at the top of the chamber , and the walls were stained dark from countless years of similar treatment . 
 the ﬂoor was darkened with patches of ash . 
 like most thieving crews , camon 's group was n't known for its tidiness . 
 there was a door at the back of the room , and beyond it lay a twisting stone stairway that led up to a false rain grate in an alleyway . 
 this room , like so many others hidden in the imperial capital of luthadel , was n't supposed to exist . 
 rough laughter came from the front of the chamber , where camon sat with a half-dozen cronies enjoying a typical afternoon of ale and crass jokes . 
 camon 's table sat beside the bar , where the overpriced drinks were simply another way camon exploited those who worked for him . 
 the luthadel criminal element had learned quite well from the lessons taught by the nobility . 
 vin tried her best to remain invisible . 
 six months before , she would n't have believed that her life could actually get worse without reen . 
 yet , despite her brother 's abusive anger , he had kept the other crewmembers from having their way with vin . 
 there were relatively few women on thieving crews ; generally , those women who got involved with the underworld ended up as whores . 
 reen had always told her that a girl needed to be tough-tougher , even , than a man-if she wanted to survive . 
 you think some crewleader is going to want a liability like you on his team ? 
 he had said . 
 i do n't even want to have to work with you , and i 'm your brother . 
 her back still throbbed ; camon had whipped her the day before . 
 the blood would ruin her shirt , and she would n't be able to afford another one . 
 camon was already retaining her wages to pay the debts reen had left behind . 
 but , i am strong , she thought . 
 that was the irony . 
 the beatings almost did n't hurt anymore , for reen 's frequent abuses had left vin resilient , while at the same time teaching her how to look pathetic and broken . 
 in a way , the beatings were self-defeating . 
 bruises and welts mended , but each new lashing left vin more hardened . 
 stronger . 
 camon stood up . 
 he reached into his vest pocket and pulled out his golden pocket watch . 
 he nodded to one of his companions , then he scanned the room , searching for ... her . 
 his eyes locked on vin . 
 `` it 's time . '' 
 vin frowned . 
 time for what ? 
 the ministry 's canton of finance was an imposing structure - but , then , everything about the steel ministry tended to be imposing . 
 tall and blocky , the building had a massive rose window in the front , though the glass was dark from the outside . 
 two large banners hung down beside the window , the soot-stained red cloth proclaiming praises to the lord ruler . 
 camon studied the building with a critical eye . 
 vin could sense his apprehension . 
 the canton of finance was hardly the most threatening of ministry ofﬁces-the canton of inquisition , or even the canton of orthodoxy , had a far more ominous reputation . 
 however , voluntarily entering any ministry ofﬁce ... putting yourself in the power of the obligators ... well , it was a thing to do only after serious consideration . 
 camon took a deep breath , then strode forward , his dueling cane tapping against the stones as he walked . 
 he wore his rich nobleman 's suit , and he was accompanied by a half-dozen crewmembers-including vin-to act as his `` servants . '' 
 vin followed camon up the steps , then waited as one of the crewmembers jumped forward to pull the door open for his `` master . '' 
 of the six attendants , only vin seemed to have been told nothing of camon 's plan . 
 suspiciously , theron - camon 's supposed partner in the ministry scam-was nowhere to be seen . 
 vin entered the canton building . 
 vibrant red light , sparkled with lines of blue , fell from the rose window . 
 a single obligator , with midlevel tattoos around his eyes , sat behind a desk at the end of the extended entryway . 
 camon approached , his cane thumping against the carpet as he walked . 
 `` i am lord jedue , '' he said . 
 what are you doing , camon ? 
 vin thought . 
 you insisted to theron that you would n't meet with prelan laird in his canton ofﬁce . 
 yet , now you 're here . 
 the obligator nodded , making a notation in his ledger . 
 he waved to the side . 
 `` you may take one attendant with you into the waiting chamber . 
 the rest must remain here . '' 
 camon 's huff of disdain indicated what he thought of that prohibition . 
 the obligator , however , did n't look up from his ledger . 
 camon stood for a moment , and vin could n't tell if he was genuinely angry or just playing the part of an arrogant nobleman . 
 finally , he jabbed a ﬁnger at vin . 
 `` come , '' he said , turning and waddling toward the indicated door . 
 the room beyond was lavish and plush , and several noblemen lounged in various postures of waiting . 
 camon chose a chair and settled into it , then pointed toward a table set with wine and red-frosted cakes . 
 vin obediently fetched him a glass of wine and a plate of food , ignoring her own hunger . 
 camon began to pick hungrily at the cakes , smacking quietly as he ate . 
 he 's nervous . 
 more nervous , even , than before . 
 `` once we get in , you will say nothing , '' camon grumbled between bites . 
 `` you 're betraying theron , '' vin whispered . 
 camon nodded . 
 `` but , how ? 
 why ? '' 
 theron 's plan was complex in execution , but simple in concept . 
 every year , the ministry transferred its new acolyte obligators from a northern training facility south to luthadel for ﬁnal instruction . 
 theron had discovered , however , that those acolytes and their overseers brought down with them large amounts of ministry funds - disguised as baggage-to be strongholded in luthadel . 
 banditry was very difﬁcult in the final empire , what with the constant patrols along canal routes . 
 however , if one were running the very canal boats that the acolytes were sailing upon , a robbery could become possible . 
 arranged at just the right time ... the guards turning on their passengers ... a man could make quite a proﬁt , then blame it all on banditry . 
 `` theron 's crew is weak , '' camon said quietly . 
 `` he expended too many resources on this job . '' 
 `` but , the return he 'll make - '' vin said . 
 `` will never happen if i take what i can now , then run , '' camon said , smiling . 
 `` i 'll talk the obligators into a down payment to get my caravan boats aﬂoat , then disappear and leave theron to deal with the disaster when the ministry realizes that it 's been scammed . '' 
 vin stood back , slightly shocked . 
 setting up a scam like this would have cost theron thousands upon thousands of boxings-if the deal fell through now , he would be ruined . 
 and , with the ministry hunting him , he would n't even have time to seek revenge . 
 camon would make a quick proﬁt , as well as rid himself of one of his more powerful rivals . 
 theron was a fool to bring camon into this , she thought . 
 but , then , the amount theron had promised to pay camon was great ; he probably assumed that camon 's greed would keep him honest until theron himself could pull a double cross . 
 camon had simply worked faster than anyone , even vin , had expected . 
 how could theron have known that camon would undermine the job itself , rather than wait and try and steal the entire haul from the caravan boats ? 
 vin 's stomach twisted . 
 it 's just another betrayal , she thought sickly . 
 why does it still bother me so ? 
 everyone betrays everyone else . 
 that 's the way life is ... she wanted to ﬁnd a corner-someplace cramped and secluded-and hide . 
 alone . 
 anyone will betray you . 
 anyone . 
 but there was no place to go . 
 eventually , a minor obligator entered and called for lord jedue . 
 vin followed camon as they were ushered into an audience chamber . 
 the man who waited inside , sitting behind the audience desk , was not prelan laird . 
 camon paused in the doorway . 
 the room was austere , bearing only the desk and simple gray carpeting . 
 the stone walls were unadorned , the only window barely a handspan wide . 
 the obligator who waited for them had some of the most intricate tattoos around his eyes that vin had ever seen . 
 she was n't even certain what rank they implied , but they extended all the way back to the obligator 's ears and up over his forehead . 
 `` lord jedue , '' the strange obligator said . 
 like laird , he wore gray robes , but he was very different from the stern , bureaucratic men camon had dealt with before . 
 this man was lean in a muscular way , and his clean-shaven , triangular head gave him an almost predatory look . 
 `` i was under the impression that i would be meeting with prelan laird , '' camon said , still not moving into the room . 
 `` prelan laird has been called away on other business . 
 i am high prelan arriev-head of the board that was reviewing your proposal . 
 you have a rare opportunity to address me directly . 
 i normally do n't hear cases in person , but laird 's absence has made it necessary for me to share in some of his work . '' 
 vin 's instincts made her tense . 
 we should go . 
 now . 
 camon stood for a long moment , and vin could see him considering . 
 run now ? 
 or , take a risk for the greater prize ? 
 vin did n't care about prizes ; she just wanted to live . 
 camon , however , had not become crewleader without the occasional gamble . 
 he slowly moved into the room , eyes cautious as he took the seat opposite the obligator . 
 `` well , high prelan arriev , '' camon said with a careful voice . 
 `` i assume that since i have been called back for another appointment , the board is considering my offer ? '' 
 `` indeed we are , '' the obligator said . 
 `` though i must admit , there are some council members who are apprehensive about dealing with a family that is so near to economic disaster . 
 the ministry generally prefers to be conservative in its ﬁnancial operations . '' 
 `` i see . '' 
 `` but , '' arriev said , `` there are others on the board who are quite eager to take advantage of the savings you offered us . '' 
 `` and with which group do you identify , your grace ? '' 
 `` i , as of yet , have not made my decision . '' 
 the obligator leaned forward . 
 `` which is why i noted that you have a rare opportunity . 
 convince me , lord jedue , and you will have your contract . '' 
 `` surely prelan laird outlined the details of our offer , '' camon said . 
 `` yes , but i would like to hear the arguments from you personally . 
 humor me . '' 
 vin frowned . 
 she remained near the back of the room , standing near the door , still half convinced she should run . 
 `` well ? '' 
 arriev asked . 
 `` we need this contract , your grace , '' camon said . 
 `` without it we wo n't be able to continue our canal shipping operations . 
 your contract would give us a much needed period of stability-a chance to maintain our caravan boats for a time while we search for other contracts . '' 
 arriev studied camon for a moment . 
 `` surely you can do better than that , lord jedue . 
 laird said that you were very persuasive-let me hear you prove that you deserve our patronage . '' 
 vin prepared her luck . 
 she could make arriev more inclined to believe . . 
 but something restrained her . 
 the situation felt wrong . 
 `` we are your best choice , your grace , '' camon said . 
 `` you fear that my house will suffer economic failure ? 
 well , if it does , what have you lost ? 
 at worst , my narrowboats would stop running , and you would have to ﬁnd other merchants to deal with . 
 yet , if your patronage is enough to maintain my house , then you have found yourself an enviable long-term contract . '' 
 `` i see , '' arriev said lightly . 
 `` and why the ministry ? 
 why not make your deal with someone else ? 
 surely there are other options for your boats-other groups who would jump at such rates . '' 
 camon frowned . 
 `` this is n't about money , your grace , it is about the victory-the showing of conﬁdence-that we would gain by having a ministry contract . 
 if you trust us , others will too . 
 i need your support . '' 
 camon was sweating now . 
 he was probably beginning to regret this gamble . 
 had he been betrayed ? 
 was theron behind the odd meeting ? 
 the obligator waited quietly . 
 he could destroy them , vin knew . 
 if he even suspected that they were scamming him , he could give them over to the canton of inquisition . 
 more than one nobleman had entered a canton building and never returned . 
 gritting her teeth , vin reached out and used her luck on the obligator , making him less suspicious . 
 arriev smiled . 
 `` well , you have convinced me , '' he suddenly declared . 
 camon sighed in relief . 
 arriev continued , `` your most recent letter suggested that you need three thousand boxings as an advance to refurbish your equipment and resume shipping operations . 
 see the scribe in the main hallway to ﬁnish the paperwork so that you may requisition the necessary funds . '' 
 the obligator pulled a sheet of thick bureaucratic paper from a stack , then stamped a seal at the bottom . 
 he proffered it to camon . 
 `` your contract . '' 
 camon smiled deeply . 
 `` i knew coming to the ministry was the wise choice , '' he said , accepting the contract . 
 he stood , nodding respectfully to the obligator , then motioned for vin to open the door for him . 
 she did so . 
 something is wrong . 
 something is very wrong . 
 she paused as camon left , looking back at the obligator . 
 he was still smiling . 
 a happy obligator was always a bad sign . 
 yet , no one stopped them as they passed through the waiting room with its noble occupants . 
 camon sealed and delivered the contract to the appropriate scribe , and no soldiers appeared to arrest them . 
 the scribe pulled out a small chest ﬁlled with coins , and then handed it to camon with an indifferent hand . 
 then , they simply left the canton building , camon gathering his other attendants with obvious relief . 
 no cries of alarm . 
 no tromping of soldiers . 
 they were free . 
 camon had successfully scammed both the ministry and another crew-leader . 
 apparently . 
 kelsier stuffed another one of the little red-frosted cakes into his mouth , chewing with satisfaction . 
 the fat thief and his scrawny attendant passed through the waiting room , entering the entryway beyond . 
 the obligator who had interviewed the two thieves remained in his ofﬁce , apparently awaiting his next appointment `` well ? '' 
 dockson asked . 
 `` what do you think ? '' 
 kelsier glanced at the cakes . 
 `` they 're quite good , '' he said , taking another one . 
 `` the ministry has always had excellent taste-it makes sense that they would provide superior snacks . '' 
 dockson rolled his eyes . 
 `` about the girl , kell . '' 
 kelsier smiled as he piled four of the cakes in his hand , then nodded toward the doorway . 
 the canton waiting room was growing too busy for the discussion of delicate matters . 
 on the way out , he paused and told the obligator secretary in the corner that they needed to reschedule . 
 then the two crossed through the entry chamber-passing the overweight crewleader , who stood speaking with a scribe . 
 kelsier stepped out onto the street , pulled his hood up against the still falling ash , then led the way across the street . 
 he paused beside an alleyway , standing where he and dockson could watch the canton building 's doors . 
 kelsier munched contentedly on his cakes . 
 `` how 'd you ﬁnd out about her ? '' 
 he asked between bites . 
 `` your brother , '' dockson replied . 
 `` camon tried to swindle marsh a few months ago , and he brought the girl with him then , too . 
 actually , camon 's little good-luck charm is becoming moderately famous in the right circles . 
 i 'm still not sure if he knows what she is or not . 
 you know how superstitious thieves can get . '' 
 kelsier nodded , dusting off his hands . 
 `` how 'd you know she 'd be here today ? '' 
 dockson shrugged . 
 `` a few bribes in the right place . 
 i 've been keeping an eye on the girl ever since marsh pointed her out to me . 
 i wanted to give you an opportunity to see her work for yourself . '' 
 across the street , the canton building 's door ﬁnally opened , and camon made his way down the steps surrounded by a group of `` servants . '' 
 the small , short-haired girl was with him . 
 the sight of her made kelsier frown . 
 she had a nervous anxiety to her step , and she jumped slightly whenever someone made a quick move . 
 the right side of her face was still slightly discolored from a partially healed bruise . 
 kelsier eyed the self-important camon . 
 i 'll have to come up with something particularly suitable to do to that man . 
 `` poor thing , '' dockson muttered . 
 kelsier nodded . 
 `` she 'll be free of him soon enough . 
 it 's a wonder no one discovered her before this . '' 
 `` your brother was right then ? '' 
 kelsier nodded . 
 `` she 's at least a misting , and if marsh says she 's more , i 'm inclined to believe him . 
 i 'm a bit surprised to see her using allomancy on a member of the ministry , especially inside a canton building . 
 i 'd guess that she does n't know that she 's even using her abilities . '' 
 `` is that possible ? '' 
 dockson asked . 
 kelsier nodded . 
 `` trace minerals in the water can be burned , if just for a tiny bit of power . 
 that 's one of the reasons the lord ruler built his city here-lots of metals in the ground . 
 i 'd say that ... '' kelsier trailed off , frowning slightly . 
 something was wrong . 
 he glanced toward camon and his crew . 
 they were still visible in the near distance , crossing the street and heading south . 
 a ﬁgure appeared in the canton building 's doorway . 
 lean with a conﬁdent air , he bore the tattoos of a high prelan of the canton of finance around his eyes . 
 probably the very man camon had met with shortly before . 
 the obligator stepped out of the building , and a second man exited behind him . 
 beside kelsier , dockson suddenly grew stiff . 
 the second man was tall with a strong build . 
 as he turned , kelsier was able to see that a thick metal spike had been pounded tip-ﬁrst through each of the man 's eyes . 
 with shafts as wide as an eye socket , the nail-like spikes were long enough that their sharp points jutted out about an inch from the back of the man 's clean-shaven skull . 
 the ﬂat spike ends shone like two silvery disks , sticking out of the sockets in the front , where the eyes should have been . 
 a steel inquisitor . 
 `` what 's that doing here ? '' 
 dockson asked . 
 `` stay calm , '' kelsier said , trying to force himself to do the same . 
 the inquisitor looked toward them , spiked eyes regarding kelsier , before turning in the direction that camon and the girl had gone . 
 like all inquisitors , he wore intricate eye tattoos-mostly black , with one stark red line-that marked him as a high-ranking member of the canton of inquisition . 
 `` he 's not here for us , '' kelsier said . 
 `` i 'm not burning anything-he 'll think that we 're just ordinary noblemen . '' 
 `` the girl , '' dockson said . 
 kelsier nodded . 
 `` you say camon 's been running this scam on the ministry for a while . 
 well , the girl must have been detected by one of the obligators . 
 they 're trained to recognize when an allomancer tampers with their emotions . '' 
 dockson frowned thoughtfully . 
 across the street , the inquisitor conferred with the other obligator , then the two of them turned to walk in the direction that camon had gone . 
 there was no urgency to their pace . 
 `` they must have sent a tail to follow them , '' dockson said . 
 `` this is the ministry , '' kelsier said . 
 `` there 'll be two tails , at least . '' 
 dockson nodded . 
 `` camon will lead them directly back to his safe house . 
 dozens of men will die . 
 they 're not all the most admirable people , but . . '' 
 `` they ﬁght the final empire , in their own way , '' kelsier said . 
 `` besides , i 'm not about to let a possible mistborn slip away from us-i want to talk to that girl . 
 can you deal with those tails ? '' 
 `` i said i 'd become boring , kell , '' dockson said . 
 `` not sloppy . 
 i can handle a couple of ministry ﬂunkies . '' 
 `` good , '' kelsier said , reaching into his cloak pocket and pulling out a small vial . 
 a collection of metal ﬂakes ﬂoated in an alcohol solution within . 
 iron , steel , tin , pewter , copper , bronze , zinc , and brass-the eight basic allomantic metals . 
 kelsier pulled off the stopper and downed the contents in a single swift gulp . 
 he pocketed the now empty vial , wiping his mouth . 
 `` i 'll handle that inquisitor . '' 
 dockson looked apprehensive . 
 `` you 're going to try and take him ? '' 
 kelsier shook his head . 
 `` too dangerous . 
 i 'll just divert him . 
 now , get going-we do n't want those tails ﬁnding the safe house . '' 
 dockson nodded . 
 `` meet back at the ﬁfteenth crossroad , '' he said before taking off down the alley and disappearing around a corner . 
 kelsier gave his friend a count of ten before reaching within himself and burning his metals . 
 his body came awash with strength , clarity , and power . 
 kelsier smiled ; then-burning zinc-he reached out and yanked ﬁrmly on the inquisitor 's emotions . 
 the creature froze in place , then spun , looking back toward the canton building . 
 let 's have a chase now , you and i , kelsier thought . 
 we arrived in terris earlier this week , and , i have to say , i ﬁnd the countryside beautiful . 
 the great mountains to the north-with their bald snowcaps and forested mantles-stand like watchful gods over this land of green fertility . 
 my own lands to the south are mostly ﬂat ; i think that they might look less dreary if there were a few mountains to vary the terrain . 
 the people here are mostly herdsmen-though timber harvesters and farmers are not uncommon . 
 it is a pastoral land , certainly . 
 it seems odd that a place so remarkably agrarian could have produced the prophecies and theologies upon which the entire world now relies . 
 3 camon counted his coins , dropping the golden boxings one by one into the small chest on his table . 
 he still looked a bit stunned , as well he should have . 
 three thousand boxings was a fabulous amount of money-far more than camon would earn in even a very good year . 
 his closest cronies sat at the table with him , ale-and laughter - ﬂowing freely . 
 vin sat in her corner , trying to understand her feelings of dread . 
 three thousand boxings . 
 the ministry should never have let such a sum go so quickly . 
 prelan arriev had seemed too cunning to be fooled with ease . 
 camon dropped another coin into the chest . 
 vin could n't decide if he was being foolish or clever by making such a display of wealth . 
 underworld crews worked under a strict agreement : everyone received a cut of earnings in proportion to their status in the group . 
 while it was sometimes tempting to kill the crewleader and take his money for yourself , a successful leader created more wealth for everyone . 
 kill him prematurely , and you would cut off future earnings-not to mention earn the wrath of the other crewmembers . 
 still , three thousand boxings ... that would be enough to tempt even the most logical thief . 
 it was all wrong . 
 i have to get out of here , vin decided . 
 get away from camon , and the lair , in case something happens . 
 and yet ... leave ? 
 by herself ? 
 she 'd never been alone before ; she 'd always had reen . 
 he 'd been the one to lead her from city to city , joining different thieving crews . 
 she loved solitude . 
 but the thought of being by herself , out in the city , horriﬁed her . 
 that was why she 'd never run away from reen ; that was why she 'd stayed with camon . 
 she could n't go . 
 but she had to . 
 she looked up from her corner , scanning the room . 
 there were n't many people in the crew for whom she felt any sort of attachment . 
 yet , there were a couple that she would be sorry to see hurt , should the obligators actually move against the crew . 
 a few men who had n't tried to abuse her , or-in very rare cases-who had actually shown her some measure of kindness . 
 ulef was at the top of that list . 
 he was n't a friend , but he was the closest thing she had now that reen was gone . 
 if he would go with her , then at least she would n't be alone . 
 cautiously , vin stood and moved along the side of the room to where ulef sat drinking with some of the other younger crewmembers . 
 she tugged on ulef 's sleeve . 
 he turned toward her , only slightly drunk . 
 `` vin ? '' 
 `` ulef , '' she whispered . 
 `` we need to go . '' 
 he frowned . 
 `` go ? 
 go where ? '' 
 `` away , '' vin whispered . 
 `` out of here . '' 
 `` now ? '' 
 vin nodded urgently . 
 ulef glanced back at his friends , who were chuckling among themselves , shooting suggestive looks at vin and ulef . 
 ulef ﬂushed . 
 `` you want to go somewhere , just you and i ? '' 
 `` not like that , '' vin said . 
 `` just ... i need to leave the lair . 
 and i do n't want to be alone . '' 
 ulef frowned . 
 he leaned closer , a slight stink of ale on his breath . 
 `` what is this about , vin ? '' 
 he asked quietly . 
 vin paused . 
 `` i. . . 
 think something might happen , ulef , '' she whispered . 
 `` something with the obligators . 
 i just do n't want to be in the lair right now . '' 
 ulef sat quietly for a moment . 
 `` all right , '' he ﬁnally said . 
 `` how long will this take ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' vin said . 
 `` until evening , at least . 
 but we have to go . 
 now . '' 
 he nodded slowly . 
 `` wait here for a moment , '' vin whispered , turning . 
 she shot a glance at camon , who was laughing at one of his own jokes . 
 then she quietly moved through the ash-stained , smoky chamber into the lair 's back room . 
 the crew 's general sleeping quarters consisted of a simple , elongated corridor lined with bedrolls . 
 it was crowded and uncomfortable , but it was far better than the cold alleyways she 'd slept in during her years traveling with reen . 
 alleyways that i might have to get used to again , she thought . 
 she had survived them before . 
 she could do so again . 
 she moved to her pallet , the mufﬂed sounds of men laughing and drinking sounding from the other room . 
 vin knelt down , regarding her few possessions . 
 if something did happen to the crew , she would n't be able to come back to the lair . 
 ever . 
 but , she could n't take the bedroll with her now-it was far too obvious . 
 that left only the small box that contained her personal effects : a pebble from each city she 'd visited , the earring reen said vin 's mother had given her , and a bit of obsidian the size of a large coin . 
 it was chipped into an irregular pattern-reen had carried it as some kind of good luck charm . 
 it was the only thing he 'd left behind when he 'd snuck away from the crew half a year before . 
 abandoning her . 
 just like he always said he would , vin told herself sternly . 
 i never thought he 'd actually go-and that 's exactly why he had to leave . 
 she gripped the bit of obsidian in her hand and pocketed the pebbles . 
 the earring she put in her ear-it was a very simple thing . 
 little more than a stud , not even worth stealing , which was why she did n't fear leaving it in the back room . 
 still , vin had rarely worn it , for fear that the ornamentation would make her look more feminine . 
 she had no money , but reen had taught her how to scavenge and beg . 
 both were difﬁcult in the final empire , especially in luthadel , but she would ﬁnd a way , if she had to . 
 vin left her box and bedroll , slipping back out into the common room . 
 maybe she was overreacting ; perhaps nothing would happen to the crew . 
 but , if it did ... well , if there was one thing reen had taught her , it was how to protect her neck . 
 bringing ulef was a good idea . 
 he had contacts in luthadel . 
 if something happened to camon 's crew , ulef could probably get her and him jobs on - vin froze just inside the main room . 
 ulef was n't at the table where she had left him . 
 instead , he stood furtively near the front of the room . 
 near the bar . 
 near . . 
 camon . 
 `` what is this ! '' 
 camon stood , his face red as sunlight . 
 he pushed his stool out of the way , then lurched toward her , half drunk . 
 `` running away ? 
 off to betray me to the ministry , are you ! '' 
 vin dashed toward the stairwell door , desperately scrambling around tables and past crewmembers . 
 camon 's hurled wooden stool hit her square in the back , throwing her to the ground . 
 pain ﬂared between her shoulders ; several crewmembers cried out as the stool bounced off of her and thumped against the ﬂoorboards nearby . 
 vin lay in a daze . 
 then ... something within her - something she knew of but did n't understand-gave her strength . 
 her head stopped swimming , her pain becoming a focus . 
 she climbed awkwardly to her feet . 
 camon was there . 
 he backhanded her even as she stood . 
 her head snapped to the side from the blow , twisting her neck so painfully that she barely felt herself hit the ﬂoor again . 
 camon bent over , grabbing her by the front of her shirt and pulling her up , raising his ﬁst . 
 vin did n't pause to think or to speak ; there was only one thing to do . 
 she used up all of her luck in a single furious effort , pushing against camon , calming his fury . 
 camon teetered . 
 for a moment , his eyes softened . 
 he lowered her slightly . 
 then the anger returned to his eyes . 
 hard . 
 terrifying . 
 `` damn wench , '' camon muttered , grabbing her by the shoulders and shaking her . 
 `` that backstabbing brother of yours never respected me , and you 're the same . 
 i was too easy on you both . 
 should have . . '' 
 vin tried to twist free , but camon 's grip was ﬁrm . 
 she searched desperately for aid from the other crewmembers - however , she knew what she would ﬁnd . 
 indifference . 
 they turned away , their faces embarrassed but not concerned . 
 ulef still stood near camon 's table , looking down guiltily . 
 in her mind , she thought she heard a voice whispering to her . 
 reen 's voice . 
 fool ! 
 ruthlessness-it 's the most logical of emotions . 
 you do n't have any friends in the underworld . 
 you 'll never have any friends in the underworld ! 
 she renewed her struggles , but camon hit her again , knocking her to the ground . 
 the blow stunned her , and she gasped , breath knocked from her lungs . 
 just endure , she thought , mind muddled . 
 he wo n't kill me . 
 he needs me . 
 yet , as she turned weakly , she saw camon looming above her in the caliginous room , drunken fury showing in his face . 
 she knew this time would be different ; it would be no simple beating . 
 he thought that she intended to betray him to the ministry . 
 he was n't in control . 
 there was murder in his eyes . 
 please ! 
 vin thought with desperation , reaching for her luck , trying to make it work . 
 there was no response . 
 luck , such as it was , had failed her . 
 camon bent down , muttering to himself as he grabbed her by the shoulder . 
 he raised an arm-his meaty hand forming another ﬁst , his muscles tensing , an angry bead of sweat slipping off his chin and hitting her on the cheek . 
 a few feet away , the stairwell door shook , then burst open . 
 camon paused , arm upraised as he glared toward the door and whatever unfortunate crewmember had chosen such an inopportune moment to return to the lair . 
 vin seized the distraction . 
 ignoring the newcomer , she tried to shake herself free from camon 's grip , but she was too weak . 
 her face blazed from where he 'd hit her , and she tasted blood on her lip . 
 her shoulder had been twisted awkwardly , and her side ached from where she 'd fallen . 
 she clawed at camon 's hand , but she suddenly felt weak , her inner strength failing her just as her luck had . 
 her pains suddenly seemed greater , more daunting , more ... demanding . 
 she turned toward the door desperately . 
 she was close - painfully close . 
 she had nearly escaped . 
 just a little farther . . 
 then she saw the man standing quietly in the stairwell doorway . 
 he was unfamiliar to her . 
 tall and hawk-faced , he had light blond hair and wore a relaxed nobleman 's suit , his cloak hanging free . 
 he was , perhaps , in his mid-thirties . 
 he wore no hat , nor did he carry a dueling cane . 
 and he looked very , very angry . 
 `` what is this ? '' 
 camon demanded . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 how did he get by the scouts ... ? 
 vin thought , struggling to get her wits back . 
 pain . 
 she could deal with pain . 
 the obligators . . 
 did they send him ? 
 the newcomer looked down at vin , and his expression softened slightly . 
 then he looked up at camon and his eyes grew dark . 
 camon 's angry demands were cut off as he was thrown backward as if had been punched by a powerful force . 
 his arm was ripped free from vin 's shoulder , and he toppled to the ground , causing the ﬂoorboards to shake . 
 the room fell quiet . 
 have to get away , vin thought , forcing herself up to her knees . 
 camon groaned in pain from a few feet away , and vin crawled away from him , slipping beneath an unoccupied table . 
 the lair had a hidden exit , a trapdoor beside the far back wall . 
 if she could crawl to it - suddenly , vin felt an overwhelming peace . 
 the emotion slammed into her like a sudden weight , her emotions squished silent , as if crushed by a forceful hand . 
 her fear puffed out like an extinguished candle , and even her pain seemed unimportant . 
 she slowed , wondering why she had been so worried . 
 she stood up , pausing as she faced the trapdoor . 
 she breathed heavily , still a little dazed . 
 camon just tried to kill me ! 
 the logical part of her mind warned . 
 and someone else is attacking the lair . 
 i have to get away ! 
 however , her emotions did n't match the logic . 
 she felt ... serene . 
 unworried . 
 and more than a little bit curious . 
 someone had just used luck on her . 
 she recognized it somehow , even though she 'd never felt it upon her before . 
 she paused beside the table , one hand on the wood , then slowly turned around . 
 the newcomer still stood in the stairwell doorway . 
 he studied her with a critical eye , then smiled in a disarming sort of way . 
 what is going on ? 
 the newcomer ﬁnally stepped into the room . 
 the rest of camon 's crew remained sitting at their tables . 
 they looked surprised , but oddly unworried . 
 he 's using luck on them all . 
 but ... how can he do it to so many at once ? 
 vin had never been able to store up enough luck to do more than give the occasional , brief push . 
 as the newcomer entered the room , vin could ﬁnally see that a second person stood in the stairwell behind him . 
 this second man was less imposing . 
 he was shorter , with a dark half beard and close-cropped straight hair . 
 he also wore a nobleman 's suit , though his was less sharply tailored . 
 on the other side of the room , camon groaned and sat up , holding his head . 
 he glanced at the newcomers . 
 `` master dockson ! 
 why , uh , well , this is a surprise ! '' 
 `` indeed , '' said the shorter man-dockson . 
 vin frowned , realizing she sensed a slight familiarity to these men . 
 she recognized them from somewhere . 
 the canton of finance . 
 they were sitting in the waiting room when camon and i left . 
 camon climbed to his feet , studying the blond newcomer . 
 camon looked down at the man 's hands , both of which were lined with strange , overlapping scars . 
 `` by the lord ruler . . '' 
 camon whispered . 
 `` the survivor of hathsin ! '' 
 vin frowned . 
 the title was unfamiliar to her . 
 should she know this man ? 
 her wounds still throbbed despite the peace she felt , and her head was dizzy . 
 she leaned on the table for support , but did not sit . 
 whoever this newcomer was , camon obviously thought him important . 
 `` why , master kelsier ! '' 
 camon sputtered . 
 `` this is a rare honor ! '' 
 the newcomer-kelsier-shook his head . 
 `` you know , i 'm not really interested in listening to you . '' 
 camon let out an `` urk '' of pain as he was thrown backward again . 
 kelsier made no obvious gesture to perform the feat . 
 yet , camon collapsed to the ground , as if shoved by some unseen force . 
 camon fell quiet , and kelsier scanned the room . 
 `` the rest of you know who i am ? '' 
 many of the crewmembers nodded . 
 `` good . 
 i 've come to your lair because you , my friends , owe me a great debt . '' 
 the room was silent save for camon 's groans . 
 finally , one of the crewmen spoke . 
 `` we ... do , master kelsier ? '' 
 `` indeed you do . 
 you see , master dockson and i just saved your lives . 
 your rather incompetent crewleader left the ministry 's canton of finance about an hour ago , returning directly to this safe house . 
 he was followed by two ministry scouts , one high-ranking prelan ... and a single steel inquisitor . '' 
 no one spoke . 
 oh , lord ... vin thought . 
 she 'd been right-she just had n't been fast enough . 
 if there was an inquisitor - `` i dealt with the inquisitor , '' kelsier said . 
 he paused , letting the implication hang in the air . 
 what kind of person could so lightly claim to have `` dealt '' with an inquisitor ? 
 rumors said the creatures were immortal , that they could see a man 's soul , and that they were unmatched warriors . 
 `` i require payment for services rendered , '' kelsier said . 
 camon did n't get up this time ; he had fallen hard , and he was obviously disoriented . 
 the room remained still . 
 finally , milev-the dark-skinned man who was camon 's second - scooped up the coffer of ministry boxings and dashed forward with it . 
 he proffered it to kelsier . 
 `` the money camon got from the ministry , '' milev explained . 
 `` three thousand boxings . '' 
 milev is so eager to please him , vin thought . 
 this is more than just luck-either that , or it 's some sort of luck i 've never been able to use . 
 kelsier paused , then accepted the coin chest . 
 `` and you are ? '' 
 `` milev , master kelsier . '' 
 `` well , crewleader milev , i will consider this payment satisfactory-assuming you do one other thing for me . '' 
 milev paused . 
 `` what would that be ? '' 
 kelsier nodded toward the near-unconscious camon . 
 `` deal with him . '' 
 `` of course , '' milev said . 
 `` i want him to live , milev , '' kelsier said , holding up a ﬁnger . 
 `` but i do n't want him to enjoy it . '' 
 milev nodded . 
 `` we 'll make him a beggar . 
 the lord ruler disapproves of the profession-camon wo n't have an easy time of it here in luthadel . '' 
 and milev will dispose of him anyway as soon as he thinks this kelsier is n't paying attention . 
 `` good , '' kelsier said . 
 then he opened the coin chest and began counting out some golden boxings . 
 `` you 're a resourceful man , milev . 
 quick on your feet , and not as easily intimidated as the others . '' 
 `` i 've had dealings with mistings before , master kelsier , '' milev said . 
 kelsier nodded . 
 `` dox , '' he said , addressing his companion , `` where were we going to have our meeting tonight ? '' 
 `` i was thinking that we should use clubs 's shop , '' said the second man . 
 `` hardly a neutral location , '' kelsier said . 
 `` especially if he decides not to join us . '' 
 `` true . '' 
 kelsier looked to milev . 
 `` i 'm planning a job in this area . 
 it would be useful to have the support of some locals . '' 
 he held out a pile of what looked like a hundred boxings . 
 `` we 'll require use of your safe house for the evening . 
 this can be arranged ? '' 
 `` of course , '' milev said , taking the coins eagerly . 
 `` good , '' kelsier said . 
 `` now , get out . '' 
 `` out ? '' 
 milev asked hesitantly . 
 `` yes , '' kelsier said . 
 `` take your men-including your former leader-and leave . 
 i want to have a private conversation with mistress vin . '' 
 the room grew silent again , and vin knew she was n't the only one wondering how kelsier knew her name . 
 `` well , you heard him ! '' 
 milev snapped . 
 he waved for a group of thugs to go grab camon , then he shooed the rest of the crewmembers up the stairs . 
 vin watched them go , growing apprehensive . 
 this kelsier was a powerful man , and instinct told her that powerful men were dangerous . 
 did he know of her luck ? 
 obviously ; what other reason would he have for singling her out ? 
 how is this kelsier going to try and use me ? 
 she thought , rubbing her arm where she 'd hit the ﬂoor . 
 `` by the way , milev , '' kelsier said idly . 
 `` when i say ` private , ' i mean that i do n't want to be spied on by the four men watching us through peek-holes behind the far wall . 
 kindly take them up into the alley with you . '' 
 milev paled . 
 `` of course , master kelsier . '' 
 `` good . 
 and , in the alleyway you 'll ﬁnd the two dead ministry spies . 
 kindly dispose of the corpses for us . '' 
 milev nodded , turning . 
 `` and milev , '' kelsier added . 
 milev turned back again . 
 `` see that none of your men betray us , '' kelsier said quietly . 
 and vin felt it again-a renewed pressure on her emotions . 
 `` this crew already has the eye of the steel ministry-do not make an enemy of me as well . '' 
 milev nodded sharply , then disappeared into the stairwell , pulling the door closed behind him . 
 a few moments later , vin heard footsteps from the peek room ; then all was still . 
 she was alone with a man who was-for some reason-so singularly impressive that he could intimidate an entire room full of cutthroats and thieves . 
 she eyed the bolt door . 
 kelsier was watching her . 
 what would he do if she ran ? 
 he claims to have killed an inquisitor , vin thought . 
 and ... he used luck . 
 i have to stay , if just long enough to ﬁnd out what he knows . 
 kelsier 's smile deepened , then ﬁnally he laughed . 
 `` that was far too much fun , dox . '' 
 the other man , the one camon had called dockson , snorted and walked toward the front of the room . 
 vin tensed , but he did n't move toward her , instead strolled to the bar . 
 `` you were insufferable enough before , kell , '' dockson said . 
 `` i do n't know how i 'm going to handle this new reputation of yours . 
 at least , i 'm not sure how i 'm going to handle it and maintain a straight face . '' 
 `` you 're jealous . '' 
 `` yes , that 's it , '' dockson said . 
 `` i 'm terribly jealous of your ability to intimidate petty criminals . 
 if it 's of any note to you , i think you were too harsh on camon . '' 
 kelsier walked over and took a seat at one of the room 's tables . 
 his mirth darkened slightly as he spoke . 
 `` you saw what he was doing to the girl . '' 
 `` actually , i did n't , '' dockson said dryly , rummaging through the bar 's stores . 
 `` someone was blocking the doorway . '' 
 kelsier shrugged . 
 `` look at her , dox . 
 the poor thing 's been beaten nearly senseless . 
 i do n't feel any sympathy for the man . '' 
 vin remained where she was , keeping watch on both men . 
 as the tension of the moment grew weaker , her wounds began to throb again . 
 the blow between her shoulder blades - that would be a large bruise-and the slap to her face burned as well . 
 she was still a little dizzy . 
 kelsier was watching her . 
 vin clinched her teeth . 
 pain . 
 she could deal with pain . 
 `` you need anything , child ? '' 
 dockson asked . 
 `` a wet handkerchief for that face , perhaps ? '' 
 she did n't respond , instead remaining focused on kelsier . 
 come on . 
 tell me what you want with me . 
 make your play . 
 dockson ﬁnally shrugged , then ducked beneath the bar for a moment . 
 he eventually came up with a couple of bottles . 
 `` anything good ? '' 
 kelsier asked , turning . 
 `` what do you think ? '' 
 dockson asked . 
 `` even among thieves , camon is n't exactly known for his reﬁnement . 
 i have socks worth more than this wine . '' 
 kelsier sighed . 
 `` give me a cup anyway . '' 
 then he glanced back at vin . 
 `` you want anything ? '' 
 vin did n't respond . 
 kelsier smiled . 
 `` do n't worry-we 're far less frightening than your friends think . '' 
 `` i do n't think they were her friends , kell , '' dockson said from behind the bar . 
 `` good point , '' kelsier said . 
 `` regardless , child , you do n't have anything to fear from us . 
 other than dox 's breath . '' 
 dockson rolled his eyes . 
 `` or kell 's jokes . '' 
 vin stood quietly . 
 she could act weak , the way she had with camon , but instincts told her that these men would n't respond well to that tactic . 
 so , she remained where she was , assessing the situation . 
 the calmness fell upon her again . 
 it encouraged her to be at ease , to be trusting , to simply do as the men were suggesting ... no ! 
 she stayed where she was . 
 kelsier raised an eyebrow . 
 `` that 's unexpected . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 dockson asked as he poured a cup of wine . 
 `` nothing , '' kelsier said , studying vin . 
 `` you want a drink or not , lass ? '' 
 dockson asked . 
 vin said nothing . 
 all her life , as long as she could remember , she 'd had her luck . 
 it made her strong , and it gave her an edge over other thieves . 
 it was probably why she was still alive . 
 yet , all that time , she 'd never really known what it was or why she could use it . 
 logic and instinct now told her the same thing-that she needed to ﬁnd out what this man knew . 
 however he intended to use her , whatever his plans were , she needed to endure them . 
 she had to ﬁnd out how he 'd grown so powerful . 
 `` ale , '' she ﬁnally said . 
 `` ale ? '' 
 kelsier asked . 
 `` that 's it ? '' 
 vin nodded , watching him carefully . 
 `` i like it . '' 
 kelsier rubbed his chin . 
 `` we 'll have to work on that , '' he said . 
 `` anyway , have a seat . '' 
 hesitant , vin walked over and sat down opposite kelsier at the small table . 
 her wounds throbbed , but she could n't afford to show weakness . 
 weakness killed . 
 she had to pretend to ignore the pain . 
 at least , sitting as she was , her head cleared . 
 dockson joined them a moment later , giving kelsier a glass of wine and vin her mug of ale . 
 she did n't take a drink . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 she asked in a quiet voice . 
 kelsier raised an eyebrow . 
 `` you 're a blunt one , eh ? '' 
 vin did n't reply . 
 kelsier sighed . 
 `` so much for my intriguing air of mystery . '' 
 dockson snorted quietly . 
 kelsier smiled . 
 `` my name is kelsier . 
 i 'm what you might call a crewleader-but i run a crew that is n't like any you 've probably known . 
 men like camon , along with his crew , like to think of themselves as predators , feeding off of the nobility and the various organizations of the ministry . '' 
 vin shook her head . 
 `` not predators . 
 scavengers . '' 
 one would have thought , perhaps , that so close to the lord ruler , such things as thieving crews would not be able to exist . 
 yet , reen had shown her that the opposite was true : powerful , rich nobility congregated around the lord ruler . 
 and , where power and riches existed , so did corruption-especially since the lord ruler tended to police his nobility far less than he did the skaa . 
 it had to do , apparently , with his fondness for their ancestors . 
 either way , thieving crews like camon 's were the rats who fed on the city 's corruption . 
 and , like rats , they were impossible to entirely exterminate-especially in a city with the population of luthadel . 
 `` scavengers , '' kelsier said , smiling ; apparently he did that a lot . 
 `` that 's an appropriate description , vin . 
 well , dox and i , we 're scavengers too ... we 're just a higher quality of scavenger . 
 we 're more well-bred , you might say-or perhaps just more ambitious . '' 
 she frowned . 
 `` you 're noblemen ? '' 
 `` lord , no , '' dockson said . 
 `` or , at least , '' kelsier said , `` not full-blooded ones . '' 
 `` half-breeds are n't supposed to exist , '' vin said carefully . 
 `` the ministry hunts them . '' 
 kelsier raised an eyebrow . 
 `` half-breeds like you ? '' 
 vin felt a shock . 
 how ... ? 
 `` even the steel ministry is n't infallible , vin , '' kelsier said . 
 `` if they can miss you , then they can miss others . '' 
 vin paused thoughtfully . 
 `` milev . 
 he called you mistings . 
 those are some kind of allomancer , right ? '' 
 dockson glanced at kelsier . 
 `` she 's observant , '' the shorter man said with an appreciative nod . 
 `` indeed , '' kelsier agreed . 
 `` the man did call us mistings , vin-though the appellation was a bit hasty , since neither dox nor i are technically mistings . 
 we do , however , associate with them quite a bit . '' 
 vin sat quietly for a moment , sitting beneath the scrutiny of the two men . 
 allomancy . 
 the mystical power held by the nobility , granted to them by the lord ruler some thousand years before as a reward for their loyalty . 
 it was basic ministry doctrine ; even a skaa like vin knew that much . 
 the nobility had allomancy and privilege because of their ancestors ; the skaa were punished for the same reason . 
 the truth was , however , that she did n't really know what allomancy was . 
 it had something to do with ﬁghting , she 'd always assumed . 
 one `` misting , '' as they were called , was said to be dangerous enough to kill an entire thieving team . 
 yet , the skaa she knew spoke of the power in whispered , uncertain tones . 
 before this moment , she 'd never even paused to consider the possibility that it might simply be the same thing as her luck . 
 `` tell me , vin , '' kelsier said , leaning forward with interest . 
 `` do you realize what you did to that obligator in the canton of finance ? '' 
 `` i used my luck , '' vin said quietly . 
 `` i use it to make people less angry . '' 
 `` or less suspicious , '' kelsier said . 
 `` easier to scam . '' 
 vin nodded . 
 kelsier held up a ﬁnger . 
 `` there are a lot of things you 're going to have to learn . 
 techniques , rules , and exercises . 
 one lesson , however , can not wait . 
 never use emotional allomancy on an obligator . 
 they 're all trained to recognize when their passions are being manipulated . 
 even the high nobility are forbidden from pulling or pushing the emotions of an obligator . 
 you are what caused that obligator to send for an inquisitor . '' 
 `` pray the creature never catches your trail again , lass , '' dockson said quietly , sipping his wine . 
 vin paled . 
 `` you did n't kill the inquisitor ? '' 
 kelsier shook his head . 
 `` i just distracted him for a bit - which was quite dangerous enough , i might add . 
 do n't worry , many of the rumors about them are n't true . 
 now that he 's lost your trail , he wo n't be able to ﬁnd you again . '' 
 `` most likely , '' dockson said . 
 vin glanced at the shorter man apprehensively . 
 `` most likely , '' kelsier agreed . 
 `` there are a lot of things we do n't know about the inquisitors-they do n't seem to follow the normal rules . 
 those spikes through their eyes , for instance , should kill them . 
 nothing i 've learned about allomancy has ever provided an explanation for how those creatures keep living . 
 if it were only a regular misting seeker on your trail , we would n't need to worry . 
 an inquistor ... well , you 'll want to keep your eyes open . 
 of course , you already seem pretty good at that . '' 
 vin sat uncomfortably for a moment . 
 eventually , kelsier nodded to her mug of ale . 
 `` you are n't drinking . '' 
 `` you might have slipped something in it , '' vin said . 
 `` oh , there was no need for me to sneak something into your drink , '' kelsier said with a smile , pulling an object out of his suit coat pocket . 
 `` after all , you 're going to drink this vial of mysterious liquid quite willingly . '' 
 he set a small glass vial on the tabletop . 
 vin frowned , regarding the liquid within . 
 there was a dark residue at its bottom . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` if i told you , it would n't be mysterious , '' kelsier said with a smile . 
 dockson rolled his eyes . 
 `` the vial is ﬁlled with an alcohol solution and some ﬂakes of metal , vin . '' 
 `` metal ? '' 
 she asked with a frown . 
 `` two of the eight basic allomantic metals , '' kelsier said . 
 `` we need to do some tests . '' 
 vin eyed the vial . 
 kelsier shrugged . 
 `` you 'll have to drink it if you want to know any more about this luck of yours . '' 
 `` you drink half ﬁrst , '' vin said . 
 kelsier raised an eyebrow . 
 `` a bit on the paranoid side , i see . '' 
 vin did n't respond . 
 finally , he sighed , picking up the vial and pulling off the plug . 
 `` shake it up ﬁrst , '' vin said . 
 `` so you get some of the sediment . '' 
 kelsier rolled his eyes , but did as requested , shaking the vial , then downing half of its contents . 
 he set it back on the table with a click . 
 vin frowned . 
 then she eyed kelsier , who smiled . 
 he knew that he had her . 
 he had shown off his power , had tempted her with it . 
 the only reason to be subservient to those with power is so that you can learn to someday take what they have . 
 reen 's words . 
 vin reached out and took the vial , then she downed its contents . 
 she sat , waiting for some magical transformation or surge of power-or even signs of poison . 
 she felt nothing . 
 how ... anticlimactic . 
 she frowned , leaning back in her chair . 
 out of curiosity , she felt at her luck . 
 and felt her eyes widen in shock . 
 it was there , like a massive golden hoard . 
 a storage of power so incredible that it stretched her understanding . 
 always before , she had needed to be a scrimp with her luck , holding it in reserve , using up morsels sparingly . 
 now she felt like a starving woman invited to a high nobleman 's feast . 
 she sat , stunned , regarding the enormous wealth within her . 
 `` so , '' kelsier said with a prodding voice . 
 `` try it . 
 soothe me . '' 
 vin reached out , tentatively touching her newfound mass of luck . 
 she took a bit , and directed it at kelsier . 
 `` good . '' 
 kelsier leaned forward eagerly . 
 `` but we already knew you could do that . 
 now the real test , vin . 
 can you go the other way ? 
 you can dampen my emotions , but can you enﬂame them too ? '' 
 vin frowned . 
 she 'd never used her luck in such a way ; she had n't even realized that she could . 
 why was he so eager ? 
 suspicious , vin reached for her source of luck . 
 as she did so , she noticed something interesting . 
 what she had ﬁrst interpreted as one massive source of power was actually two different sources of power . 
 there were different types of luck . 
 eight . 
 he 'd said there were eight of them . 
 but ... what do the others do ? 
 kelsier was still waiting . 
 vin reached to the second , unfamiliar source of luck , doing as she 'd done before and directing it at him . 
 kelsier 's smile deepened , and he sat back , glancing at dockson . 
 `` that 's it then . 
 she did it . '' 
 dockson shook his head . 
 `` to be honest , kell , i 'm not sure what to think . 
 having one of you around was unsettling enough . 
 two , though ... '' vin regarded them with narrowed , dubious eyes . 
 `` two what ? '' 
 `` even among the nobility , vin , allomancy is modestly rare , '' kelsier said . 
 `` true , it 's a hereditary skill , with most of its powerful lines among the high nobility . 
 however , breeding alone does n't guarantee allomantic strength . 
 `` many high noblemen only have access to a single allomantic skill . 
 people like that-those who can only perform allomancy in one of its eight basic aspects-are called mistings . 
 sometimes these abilities appear in skaa-but only if that skaa has noble blood in his or her near ancestry . 
 you can usually ﬁnd one misting in ... oh , about ten thousand mixed-breed skaa . 
 the better , and closer , the noble ancestry , the more likely the skaa is to be a misting . '' 
 `` who were your parents , vin ? '' 
 dockson asked . 
 `` do you remember them ? '' 
 `` i was raised by my half brother , reen , '' vin said quietly , uncomfortable . 
 these were not things she discussed with others . 
 `` did he speak of your mother and father ? '' 
 dockson asked . 
 `` occasionally , '' she admitted . 
 `` reen said that our mother was a whore . 
 not out of choice , but the underworld ... '' she trailed off . 
 her mother had tried to kill her , once , when she was very young . 
 she vaguely remembered the event . 
 reen had saved her . 
 `` what about your father , vin ? '' 
 dockson asked . 
 vin looked up . 
 `` he is a high prelan in the steel ministry . '' 
 kelsier whistled softly . 
 `` now , that 's a slightly ironic breach of duty . '' 
 vin looked down at the table . 
 finally , she reached over and took a healthy pull on her mug of ale . 
 kelsier smiled . 
 `` most ranking obligators in the ministry are high noblemen . 
 your father gave you a rare gift in that blood of yours . '' 
 `` so ... i 'm one of these mistings you mentioned ? '' 
 kelsier shook his head . 
 `` actually , no . 
 you see , this is what made you so interesting to us , vin . 
 mistings only have access to one allomantic skill . 
 you just proved you have two . 
 and , if you have access to at least two of the eight , then you have access to the rest as well . 
 that 's the way it works-if you 're an allomancer , you either get one skill or you get them all . '' 
 kelsier leaned forward . 
 `` you , vin , are what is generally called a mistborn . 
 even amongst the nobility , they 're incredibly rare . 
 amongst skaa ... well , let 's just say i 've only met one other skaa mistborn in my entire life . '' 
 somehow , the room seemed to grow more quiet . 
 more still . 
 vin stared at her mug with distracted , uncomfortable eyes . 
 mistborn . 
 she 'd heard the stories , of course . 
 the legends . 
 kelsier and dockson sat quietly , letting her think . 
 eventually , she spoke . 
 `` so ... what does this all mean ? '' 
 kelsier smiled . 
 `` it means that you , vin , are a very special person . 
 you have a power that most high noblemen envy . 
 it is a power that , had you been born an aristocrat , would have made you one of the most deadly and inﬂuential people in all of the final empire . '' 
 kelsier leaned forward again . 
 `` but , you were n't born an aristocrat . 
 you 're not noble , vin . 
 you do n't have to play by their rules-and that makes you even more powerful . '' 
 apparently , the next stage of my quest will take us up into the highlands of terris . 
 this is said to be a cold , unforgiving place-a land where the mountains themselves are made of ice . 
 our normal attendants will not do for such a trip . 
 we should probably hire some terris packmen to carry our gear . 
 4 `` you heard what he said ! 
 he 's planning a job . '' 
 ulef 's eyes shone with excitement . 
 `` i wonder which of the great houses he 's going to strike . '' 
 `` it 'll be one of the most powerful ones , '' said disten , one of camon 's head pointmen . 
 he was missing a hand , but his eyes and ears were among the keenest in the crew . 
 `` kelsier never bothers himself with small-time jobs . '' 
 vin sat quietly , her mug of ale-the same one kelsier had given her-still sitting mostly full on the tabletop . 
 her table was crowded with people ; kelsier had let the thieves return to their home for a bit before his meeting began . 
 vin , however , would have preferred to remain by herself . 
 life with reen had accustomed her to loneliness-if you let someone get too close , it would just give them better opportunities to betray you . 
 even after reen 's disappearance , vin had kept to herself . 
 she had n't been willing to leave ; however , she also had n't felt the need to become familiar with the other crewmembers . 
 they had , in turn , been perfectly willing to let her alone . 
 vin 's position had been precarious , and associating with her could have tainted them by association . 
 only ulef had made any moves to befriend her . 
 if you let someone get close to you , it will only hurt more when they betray you , reen seemed to whisper in her mind . 
 had ulef even really been her friend ? 
 he 'd certainly sold her out quickly enough . 
 in addition , the crewmembers had taken vin 's beating and sudden rescue in stride , never mentioning their betrayal or refusal to help her . 
 they 'd only done what was expected . 
 `` the survivor has n't bothered himself with any jobs lately , '' said harmon , an older , scraggly-bearded burglar . 
 `` he 's barely been seen in luthadel a handful of times during the last few years . 
 in fact , he has n't pulled any jobs since ... '' `` this is the ﬁrst one ? '' 
 ulef asked eagerly . 
 `` the ﬁrst since he escaped the pits ? 
 then it 's bound to be something spectacular ! '' 
 `` did he say anything about it , vin ? '' 
 disten asked . 
 `` vin ? '' 
 he waved a stumpy arm in her direction , catching her attention . 
 `` what ? '' 
 she asked , looking up . 
 she had cleaned herself slightly since her beating at camon 's hand , ﬁnally accepting a handkerchief from dockson to wipe the blood from her face . 
 there was little she could do about the bruises , however . 
 those still throbbed . 
 hopefully , nothing was broken . 
 `` kelsier , '' disten repeated . 
 `` did he say anything about the job he 's planning ? '' 
 vin shook her head . 
 she glanced down at the bloodied handkerchief . 
 kelsier and dockson had left a short time ago , promising to return after she 'd had some time to think about the things they had told her . 
 there was an implication in their words , however-an offer . 
 whatever job they were planning , she was invited to participate . 
 `` why 'd he pick you to be his twixt , anyway , vin ? '' 
 ulef asked . 
 `` did he say anything about that ? '' 
 that 's what the crew assumed-that kelsier had chosen her to be his contact with camon 's . . 
 milev 's ... crew . 
 there were two sides to the luthadel underground . 
 there were the regular crews , like camon 's . 
 then there were ... the special ones . 
 groups composed of the extremely skillful , the extremely foolhardy , or the extremely talented . 
 allomancers . 
 the two sides of the underworld did n't mix ; regular thieves left their betters alone . 
 however , occasionally one of these misting crews hired a regular team to do some of its more mundane work , and they would choose a twixt-a go-between-to work with both crews . 
 hence ulef 's assumption about vin . 
 milev 's crewmembers noticed her unresponsiveness , and turned to another topic : mistings . 
 they spoke of allomancy with uncertain , whispered tones , and she listened , uncomfortable . 
 how could she be associated with something they held in such awe ? 
 her luck ... her allomancy ... was something small , something she used to survive , but something really quite unimportant . 
 but , such power . . 
 she thought , looking in at her luck reserve . 
 `` what 's kelsier been doing these last few years , i wonder ? '' 
 ulef asked . 
 he had seemed a bit uncomfortable around her at the beginning of the conversation , but that had passed quickly . 
 he 'd betrayed her , but this was the underworld . 
 no friends . 
 it did n't seem that way between kelsier and dockson . 
 they appeared to trust each other . 
 a front ? 
 or were they simply one of those rare teams that actually did n't worry about each other 's betrayal ? 
 the most unsettling thing about kelsier and dockson had been their openness with her . 
 they seemed willing to trust , even accept , vin after a relatively short time . 
 it could n't be genuine-no one could survive in the underworld following such tactics . 
 still , their friendliness was disconcerting . 
 `` two years ... '' said hrud , a ﬂat-faced , quiet thug . 
 `` he must have spent the entire time planning for this job . '' 
 `` it must be some job indeed ... '' ulef said . 
 `` tell me about him , '' vin said quietly . 
 `` kelsier ? '' 
 disten asked . 
 vin nodded . 
 `` they did n't talk about kelsier down south ? '' 
 vin shook her head . 
 `` he was the best crewleader in luthadel , '' ulef explained . 
 `` a legend , even among the mistings . 
 he robbed some of the wealthiest great houses in the city . '' 
 `` and ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 `` someone betrayed him , '' harmon said in a quiet voice . 
 of course , vin thought . 
 `` the lord ruler himself caught kelsier , '' ulef said . 
 `` sent kelsier and his wife to the pits of hathsin . 
 but he escaped . 
 he escaped from the pits , vin ! 
 he 's the only one who ever has . '' 
 `` and the wife ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 ulef glanced at harmon , who shook his head . 
 `` she did n't make it . '' 
 so , he 's lost someone too . 
 how can he laugh so much ? 
 so honestly ? 
 `` that 's where he got those scars , you know , '' disten said . 
 `` the ones on his arms . 
 he got them at the pits , from the rocks on a sheer wall he had to climb to escape . '' 
 harmon snorted . 
 `` that 's not how he got them . 
 he killed an inquisitor while escaping-that 's where he got the scars . '' 
 `` i heard he got them ﬁghting one of the monsters that guard the pits , '' ulef said . 
 `` he reached into its mouth and strangled it from the inside . 
 the teeth scraped his arms . '' 
 disten frowned . 
 `` how do you strangle someone from the inside ? '' 
 ulef shrugged . 
 `` that 's just what i heard . '' 
 `` the man is n't natural , '' hrud muttered . 
 `` something happened to him in the pits , something bad . 
 he was n't an allomancer before then , you know . 
 he entered the pits a regular skaa , and now ... well , he 's a misting for sure-if he 's even human anymore . 
 been out in the mists a lot , that one has . 
 some say that the real kelsier is dead , that the thing wearing his face is ... something else . '' 
 harmon shook his head . 
 `` now , that 's just plantation-skaa foolishness . 
 we 've all gone out in the mists . '' 
 `` not in the mists outside the city , '' hrud insisted . 
 `` the mistwraiths are out there . 
 they 'll grab a man and take his face , sure as the lord ruler . '' 
 harmon rolled his eyes . 
 `` hrud 's right about one thing , '' disten said . 
 `` that man is n't human . 
 he might not be a mistwraith , but he 's not skaa either . 
 i 've heard of him doing things , things like only they can do . 
 the ones that come out at night . 
 you saw what he did to camon . '' 
 `` mistborn , '' harmon muttered . 
 mistborn . 
 vin had heard the term before kelsier had mentioned it to her , of course . 
 who had n't ? 
 yet , the rumors about mistborn made stories of inquisitors and mistings seem rational . 
 it was said that mistborn were heralds of the mists themselves , endowed with great powers by the lord ruler . 
 only high noblemen could be mistborn ; they were said to be a secret sect of assassins who served him , only going out at night . 
 reen had always taught her that they were a myth , and vin had assumed he was right . 
 and kelsier says i-like he himself-am one of them . 
 how could she be what he said ? 
 child of a prostitute , she was nobody . 
 she was nothing . 
 never trust a man who tells you good news , reen had always said . 
 it 's the oldest , but easiest , way to con someone . 
 yet , she did have her luck . 
 her allomancy . 
 she could still sense the reserves kelsier 's vial had given her , and had tested her powers on the crewmembers . 
 no longer limited to just a bit of luck a day , she found she could produce far more striking effects . 
 vin was coming to realize that her old goal in life-simply staying alive-was uninspired . 
 there was so much more she could be doing . 
 she had been a slave to reen ; she had been a slave to camon . 
 she would be a slave to this kelsier too , if it would lead her to eventual freedom . 
 at his table , milev looked at his pocket watch , then stood . 
 `` all right , everyone out . '' 
 the room began to clear in preparation for kelsier 's meeting . 
 vin remained where she was ; kelsier had made it quite clear to the others that she was invited . 
 she sat quietly for a bit , the room feeling far more comfortable to her now that it was empty . 
 kelsier 's friends began to arrive a short time later . 
 the ﬁrst man down the steps had the build of a soldier . 
 he wore a loose , sleeveless shirt that exposed a pair of well-sculpted arms . 
 he was impressively muscular , but not massive , and had close-cropped hair that stuck up slightly on his head . 
 the soldier 's companion was a sharply dressed man in a nobleman 's suit-plum vest , gold buttons , black overcoat - complete with short-brimmed hat and dueling cane . 
 he was older than the soldier , and was a bit portly . 
 he removed his hat upon entering the room , revealing a head of well-styled black hair . 
 the two men were chatting amiably as they walked , but they paused when they saw the empty room . 
 `` ah , this must be our twixt , '' said the man in the suit . 
 `` has kelsier arrived yet , my dear ? '' 
 he spoke with a simple familiarity , as if they were longtime friends . 
 suddenly , despite herself , vin found herself liking this well-dressed , articulate man . 
 `` no , '' she said quietly . 
 though overalls and a work shirt had always suited her , she suddenly wished that she owned something nicer . 
 this man 's very bearing seemed to demand a more formal atmosphere . 
 `` should have known that kell would be late to his own meeting , '' the soldier said , sitting down at one of the tables near the center of the room . 
 `` indeed , '' said the suited man . 
 `` i suppose his tardiness leaves us with a chance for some refreshment . 
 i could so use something to drink ... '' `` let me get you something , '' vin said quickly , jumping to her feet . 
 `` how gracious of you , '' the suited man said , choosing a chair next to the soldier . 
 he sat with one leg crossed over the other , his dueling cane held to the side , tip against the ﬂoor , one hand resting on the top . 
 vin walked to the bar and began rummaging for drinks . 
 `` breeze ... '' the soldier said with a warning tone as vin selected a bottle of camon 's most expensive wine and began pouring a cup . 
 `` hum ... ? '' 
 the suited man said , raising an eyebrow . 
 the soldier nodded toward vin . 
 `` oh , very well , '' the suited man said with a sigh . 
 vin paused , wine half poured , and frowned slightly . 
 what am i doing ? 
 `` i swear , ham , '' the suited man said , `` you are dreadfully stiff sometimes . '' 
 `` just because you can push someone around does n't mean you should , breeze . '' 
 vin stood , dumbfounded . 
 he ... used luck on me . 
 when kelsier had tried to manipulate her , she 'd felt his touch and had been able to resist . 
 this time , however , she had n't even realized what she was doing . 
 she looked up at the man , thinning her eyes . 
 `` mistborn . '' 
 the suited man , breeze , chuckled . 
 `` hardly . 
 kelsier 's the only skaa mistborn you 're likely to ever meet , my dear-and pray you never are in a situation where you meet a noble one . 
 no , i am just an ordinary , humble misting . '' 
 `` humble ? '' 
 ham asked . 
 breeze shrugged . 
 vin looked down at the half-full cup of wine . 
 `` you pulled on my emotions . 
 with ... allomancy , i mean . '' 
 `` i pushed on them , actually , '' breeze said . 
 `` pulling makes a person less trusting and more determined . 
 pushing on emotions-soothing them-makes a person more trusting . '' 
 `` regardless , you controlled me , '' vin said . 
 `` you made me fetch you a drink . '' 
 `` oh , i would n't say that i made you do it , '' breeze said . 
 `` i just altered your emotions slightly , putting you in a frame of mind where you 'd be more likely to do as i wished . '' 
 ham rubbed his chin . 
 `` i do n't know , breeze . 
 it 's an interesting question . 
 by inﬂuencing her emotions , did you take away her ability to choose ? 
 if , for instance , she were to kill or steal while under your control , would the crime be hers or yours ? '' 
 breeze rolled his eyes . 
 `` there 's really no question to it at all . 
 you should n't think about such things , hammond-you 'll hurt your brain . 
 i offered her encouragement , i simply did it through an irregular means . '' 
 `` but - '' `` i 'm not going to argue it with you , ham . '' 
 the beefy man sighed , looking a little bit forlorn . 
 `` are you going to bring me the drink ... ? '' 
 breeze asked hopefully , looking at vin . 
 `` i mean , you 're already up , and you 're going to have to come back this direction to reach your seat anyway ... '' vin examined her emotions . 
 did she feel irregularly drawn to do as the man asked ? 
 was he manipulating her again ? 
 finally , she simply walked away from the bar , leaving the drink where it was . 
 breeze sighed . 
 he did n't stand to go get the drink himself , however . 
 vin walked tentatively toward the two men 's table . 
 she was accustomed to shadows and corners-close enough to eavesdrop , but far enough away to escape . 
 yet , she could n't hide from these men-not while the room was so empty . 
 so , she chose a chair at the table beside the one that the two men were using , then sat cautiously . 
 she needed information-as long as she was ignorant , she was going to be at a severe disadvantage in this new world of misting crews . 
 breeze chuckled . 
 `` nervous little thing , are n't you ? '' 
 vin ignored the comment . 
 `` you , '' vin said , nodding to ham . 
 `` you 're a. . . 
 a misting too ? '' 
 ham nodded . 
 `` i 'm a thug . '' 
 vin frowned in confusion . 
 `` i burn pewter , '' ham said . 
 again , vin looked at him questioningly . 
 `` he can make himself stronger , my dear , '' breeze said . 
 `` he hits things-particularly other people-who try to interfere with what the rest of us are doing . '' 
 `` there 's much more to it than that , '' ham said . 
 `` i run general security for jobs , providing my crewleader with manpower and warriors , assuming such are necessary . '' 
 `` and he 'll try and bore you with random philosophy when it is n't , '' breeze added . 
 ham sighed . 
 `` breeze , honestly , sometimes i do n't know why i. . . '' 
 ham trailed off as the door opened again , admitting another man . 
 the newcomer wore a dull tan overcoat , a pair of brown trousers , and a simple white shirt . 
 however , his face was far more distinctive than his clothing . 
 it was knotted and gnarled , like a twisted piece of wood , and his eyes shone with the level of disapproving dissatisfaction only the elderly can display . 
 vin could n't quite place his age-he was young enough that he was n't stooped over , yet he was old enough that he made even the middle-aged breeze look youthful . 
 the newcomer looked over vin and the others , huffed disdainfully , then walked to a table on the other side of the room and sat down . 
 his steps were marked by a distinct limp . 
 breeze sighed . 
 `` i 'm going to miss trap . '' 
 `` we all will , '' ham said quietly . 
 `` clubs is very good , though . 
 i 've worked with him before . '' 
 breeze studied the newcomer . 
 `` i wonder if i could get him to bring my drink over ... '' ham chuckled . 
 `` i 'd pay money to see you try it . '' 
 `` i 'm sure you would , '' breeze said . 
 vin eyed the newcomer , who seemed perfectly content to ignore her and the other two men . 
 `` what 's he ? '' 
 `` clubs ? '' 
 breeze asked . 
 `` he , my dear , is a smoker . 
 he is what will keep the rest of us from being discovered by an inquisitor . '' 
 vin chewed on her lip , digesting the new information as she studied clubs . 
 the man shot her a glare , and she looked away . 
 as she turned , she noticed that ham was looking at her . 
 `` i like you , kid , '' he said . 
 `` the other twixts i 've worked with have either been too intimidated to talk to us , or they 've been jealous of us for moving into their territory . '' 
 `` indeed , '' breeze said . 
 `` you 're not like most crumbs . 
 of course , i 'd like you a great deal more if you 'd go fetch me that glass of wine ... '' vin ignored him , glancing at ham . 
 `` crumb ? '' 
 `` that 's what some of the more self-important members of our society call lesser thieves , '' ham said . 
 `` they call you crumbs , since you tend to be involved with ... less inspired projects . '' 
 `` no offense intended , of course , '' breeze said . 
 `` oh , i would n't ever take offense at - '' vin paused , feeling an irregular desire to please the well-dressed man . 
 she glared at breeze . 
 `` stop that ! '' 
 `` see , there , '' breeze said , glancing at ham . 
 `` she still retains her ability to choose . '' 
 `` you 're hopeless . '' 
 they assume i 'm a twixt , vin thought . 
 so kelsier has n't told them what i am . 
 why ? 
 time constraints ? 
 or , was the secret too valuable to share ? 
 how trustworthy were these men ? 
 and , if they thought her a simple `` crumb , '' why were they being so nice to her ? 
 `` who else are we waiting upon ? '' 
 breeze asked , glancing at the doorway . 
 `` besides kell and dox , i mean . '' 
 `` yeden , '' ham said . 
 breeze frowned with a sour expression . 
 `` ah , yes . '' 
 `` i agree , '' ham said . 
 `` but , i 'd be willing to bet that he feels the same way about us . '' 
 `` i do n't even see why he was invited , '' breeze said . 
 ham shrugged . 
 `` something to do with kell 's plan , obviously . '' 
 `` ah , the infamous ` plan , ' '' breeze said musingly . 
 `` what job could it be , what indeed ... ? '' 
 ham shook his head . 
 `` kell and his cursed sense of drama . '' 
 `` indeed . '' 
 the door opened a few moments later , and the one they had spoken of , yeden , entered . 
 he turned out to be an unassuming man , and vin had trouble understanding why the other two were so displeased about his attendance . 
 short with curly brown hair , yeden was dressed in simple gray skaa clothing and a patched , soot-stained brown worker 's coat . 
 he regarded the surroundings with a look of disapproval , but he was nowhere near as openly hostile as clubs , who still sat on the other side of the room scowling at anyone who looked in his direction . 
 not a very big crew , vin thought . 
 with kelsier and dockson , that makes six of them . 
 of course , ham had said that he led a group of `` thugs . '' 
 were the men at this meeting simply representatives ? 
 the leaders of smaller , more specialized groups ? 
 some crews worked that way . 
 breeze checked his pocket watch three more times before kelsier ﬁnally arrived . 
 the mistborn crewleader burst through the door with his cheery enthusiasm , dockson sauntering along behind . 
 ham stood immediately , smiling broadly and clasping hands with kelsier . 
 breeze stood as well , and while his greeting was a bit more reserved , vin had to admit that she had never seen any crewleader welcomed so happily by his men . 
 `` ah , '' kelsier said , looking toward the other side of the room . 
 `` clubs and yeden too . 
 so , everyone 's here . 
 good-i absolutely loathe being made to wait . '' 
 breeze raised an eyebrow as he and ham settled back into their chairs , dockson taking a seat at the same table . 
 `` are we to receive any explanation for your tardiness ? '' 
 `` dockson and i were visiting my brother , '' kelsier explained , walking toward the front of the lair . 
 he turned and leaned back against the bar , scanning the room . 
 when kelsier 's eyes fell on vin , he winked . 
 `` your brother ? '' 
 ham said . 
 `` is marsh coming to the meeting ? '' 
 kelsier and dockson shared a look . 
 `` not tonight , '' kelsier said . 
 `` but he 'll join the crew eventually . '' 
 vin studied the others . 
 they were skeptical . 
 tension between kelsier and his brother , perhaps ? 
 breeze raised his dueling cane , pointing the tip at kelsier . 
 `` all right , kelsier , you 've kept this ` job ' secret from us for eight months now . 
 we know it 's big , we know you 're excited , and we 're all properly annoyed at you for being so secretive . 
 so , why do n't you just go ahead and tell us what it is ? '' 
 kelsier smiled . 
 then he stood up straight , waving a hand toward the dirty , plain-looking yeden . 
 `` gentlemen , meet your new employer . '' 
 this was , apparently , quite a shocking statement . 
 `` him ? '' 
 ham asked . 
 `` him , '' kelsier said with a nod . 
 `` what ? '' 
 yeden asked , speaking for the ﬁrst time . 
 `` you have trouble working with someone who actually has morals ? '' 
 `` it 's not that , my dear man , '' breeze said , setting his dueling cane across his lap . 
 `` it 's just that , well , i was under the strange impression that you did n't like our types very much . '' 
 `` i do n't , '' yeden said ﬂatly . 
 `` you 're selﬁsh , undisciplined , and you 've turned your backs on the rest of the skaa . 
 you dress nicely , but on the inside you 're dirty as ash . '' 
 ham snorted . 
 `` i can already see that this job is going to be great for crew morale . '' 
 vin watched quietly , chewing on her lip . 
 yeden was obviously a skaa worker , probably a member of a forge or textile mill . 
 what connection did he have with the underground ? 
 and ... how would he be able to afford the services of a thieving crew , especially one as apparently specialized as kelsier 's team ? 
 perhaps kelsier noticed her confusion , for she found him looking at her as the others continued to speak . 
 `` i 'm still a little confused , '' ham said . 
 `` yeden , we 're all aware of how you regard thieves . 
 so ... why hire us ? '' 
 yeden squirmed a bit . 
 `` because , '' he ﬁnally said , `` everyone knows how effective you are . '' 
 breeze chuckled . 
 `` disapproving of our morals does n't make you unwilling to make use of our skills , i see . 
 so , what is the job , then ? 
 what does the skaa rebellion wish of us ? '' 
 skaa rebellion ? 
 vin thought , a piece of the conversation falling into place . 
 there were two sides to the underworld . 
 the far larger portion was made up of the thieves , crews , whores , and beggars who tried to survive outside of mainstream skaa culture . 
 and then there were the rebels . 
 the people who worked against the final empire . 
 reen had always called them fools-a sentiment shared by most of the people , both underworlders and regular skaa , that vin had met . 
 all eyes slowly turned to kelsier , who leaned back against the bar again . 
 `` the skaa rebellion , courtesy of its leader , yeden , has hired us for something very speciﬁc . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 ham asked . 
 `` robbery ? 
 assassination ? '' 
 `` a little of both , '' kelsier said , `` and , at the same time , neither one . 
 gentlemen , this is n't going to be a regular job . 
 it 's going to be different from anything any crew has ever tried to pull . 
 we 're going to help yeden overthrow the final empire . '' 
 silence . 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 ham asked . 
 `` you heard me right , ham , '' kelsier said . 
 `` that 's the job i 've been planning-the destruction of the final empire . 
 or , at least , its center of government . 
 yeden has hired us to supply him with an army , then provide him with a favorable opportunity to seize control of this city . '' 
 ham sat back , then shared a glance with breeze . 
 both men turned toward dockson , who nodded solemnly . 
 the room remained quiet for a moment longer ; then the silence was broken as yeden began to laugh ruefully to himself . 
 `` i should never have agreed to this , '' yeden said , shaking his head . 
 `` now that you say it , i realize how ridiculous it all sounds . '' 
 `` trust me , yeden , '' kelsier said . 
 `` these men have made a habit of pulling off plans that seem ridiculous at ﬁrst glance . '' 
 `` that may be true , kell , '' breeze said . 
 `` but , in this case , i ﬁnd myself agreeing with our disapproving friend . 
 overthrow the final empire ... that is something that skaa rebels have been working toward for a thousand years ! 
 what makes you think that we can achieve anything where those men have failed ? '' 
 kelsier smiled . 
 `` we 'll succeed because we have vision , breeze . 
 that 's something the rebellion has always lacked . '' 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 yeden said indignantly . 
 `` it 's true , unfortunately , '' kelsier said . 
 `` the rebellion condemns people like us because of our greed , but for all their high morals-which , by the way , i respect-they never get anything done . 
 yeden , your men hide in woods and in hills , plotting how they 'll someday rise up and lead a glorious war against the final empire . 
 but your kind has no idea how to develop and execute a proper plan . '' 
 yeden 's expression grew dark . 
 `` and you have no idea what you are talking about . '' 
 `` oh ? '' 
 kelsier said lightly . 
 `` tell me , what has your rebellion accomplished during its thousand-year struggle ? 
 where are your successes and your victories ? 
 the massacre of tougier three centuries ago , where seven thousand skaa rebels were slaughtered ? 
 the occasional raid of a traveling canal boat or the kidnapping of a minor noble ofﬁcial ? '' 
 yeden ﬂushed . 
 `` that 's the best we can manage with the people we have ! 
 do n't blame my men for their failures - blame the rest of the skaa . 
 we ca n't ever get them to help . 
 they 've been beaten down for a millennium ; they have n't got any spirit left . 
 it 's difﬁcult enough to get one in a thousand to listen to us , let alone rebel ! '' 
 `` peace , yeden , '' kelsier said , holding up a hand . 
 `` i 'm not trying to insult your courage . 
 we 're on the same side , remember ? 
 you came to me speciﬁcally because you were having trouble recruiting people for your army . '' 
 `` i 'm regretting that decision more and more , thief , '' yeden said . 
 `` well , you 've already paid us , '' kelsier said . 
 `` so it 's a little late to back out now . 
 but , we 'll get you that army , yeden . 
 the men in this room are the most capable , most clever , and most skilled allomancers in the city . 
 you 'll see . '' 
 the room grew quiet again . 
 vin sat at her table , watching the interaction with a frown . 
 what is your game , kelsier ? 
 his words about overthrowing the final empire were obviously a front . 
 it seemed most likely to her that he intended to scam the skaa rebellion . 
 but ... if he 'd already been paid , then why continue the charade ? 
 kelsier turned from yeden to breeze and ham . 
 `` all right , gentlemen . 
 what do you think ? '' 
 the two men shared a look . 
 finally breeze spoke . 
 `` lord ruler knows , i 've never been one to turn down a challenge . 
 but , kell , i do question your reasoning . 
 are you sure we can do this ? '' 
 `` i 'm positive , '' kelsier said . 
 `` previous attempts to overthrow the lord ruler have failed because they lacked proper organization and planning . 
 we 're thieves , gentlemen-and we 're extraordinarily good ones . 
 we can rob the unrobbable and fool the unfoolable . 
 we know how to take an incredibly large task and break it down to manageable pieces , then deal with each of those pieces . 
 we know how to get what we want . 
 these things make us perfect for this particular task . '' 
 breeze frowned . 
 `` and ... how much are we getting paid for achieving the impossible ? '' 
 `` thirty thousand boxings , '' yeden said . 
 `` half now , half when you deliver the army . '' 
 `` thirty thousand ? '' 
 ham said . 
 `` for an operation this big ? 
 that will barely cover expenses . 
 we 'll need a spy among the nobility to watch for rumors , we 'll need a couple of safe houses , not to mention someplace big enough to hide and train an entire army ... '' `` no use haggling now , thief , '' yeden snapped . 
 `` thirty thousand may not sound like much to your type , but it 's the result of decades of saving on our part . 
 we ca n't pay you more because we do n't have anything more . '' 
 `` it 's good work , gentlemen , '' dockson noted , joining the conversation for the ﬁrst time . 
 `` yes , well , that 's all great , '' breeze said . 
 `` i consider myself a nice enough fellow . 
 but . . 
 this just seems a bit too altruistic . 
 not to mention stupid . '' 
 `` well ... '' kelsier said , `` there might be a little bit more in it for us ... '' vin perked up , and breeze smiled . 
 `` the lord ruler 's treasury , '' kelsier said . 
 `` the plan , as it stands now , is to provide yeden with an army and an opportunity to seize the city . 
 once he takes the palace , he 'll capture the treasury and use its funds to secure power . 
 and , central to that treasury ... '' `` is the lord ruler 's atium , '' breeze said . 
 kelsier nodded . 
 `` our agreement with yeden promises us half of the atium reserves we ﬁnd in the palace , no matter how vast they may be . '' 
 atium . 
 vin had heard of the metal , but she had never actually seen any . 
 it was incredibly rare , supposedly used only by noblemen . 
 ham was smiling . 
 `` well , now , '' he said slowly , `` that 's almost a big enough prize to be tempting . '' 
 `` that atium stockpile is supposed to be enormous , '' kelsier said . 
 `` the lord ruler sells the metal only in small bits , charging outrageous sums to the nobility . 
 he has to keep a huge reserve of it to make certain he controls the market , and to make certain he has enough wealth for emergencies . '' 
 `` true ... '' breeze said . 
 `` but , are you sure you want to try something like this so soon after . . 
 what happened the last time we tried getting into the palace ? '' 
 `` we 're going to do things differently this time , '' kelsier said . 
 `` gentlemen , i 'll be frank with you . 
 this is n't going to be an easy job , but it can work . 
 the plan is simple . 
 we 're going to ﬁnd a way to neutralize the luthadel garrison - leaving the area without a policing force . 
 then , we 're going to throw the city into chaos . '' 
 `` we 've got a couple of options on how to do that , '' dockson said . 
 `` but we can talk about that later . '' 
 kelsier nodded . 
 `` then , in that chaos , yeden will march his army into luthadel and seize the palace , taking the lord ruler prisoner . 
 while yeden secures the city , we 'll pilfer the atium . 
 we 'll give half to him , then disappear with the other half . 
 after that , it 's his job to hang on to what he 's grabbed . '' 
 `` sounds a little dangerous for you , yeden , '' ham noted , glancing at the rebel leader . 
 he shrugged . 
 `` perhaps . 
 but , if we do , by some miracle , end up in control of the palace , then we 'll have at least done something no skaa rebellion has ever achieved before . 
 for my men , this is n't just about riches-it is n't even about surviving . 
 it 's about doing something grand , something wonderful , to give the skaa hope . 
 but , i do n't expect you people to understand things like that . '' 
 kelsier shot a quieting glance at yeden , and the man sniffed and sat back . 
 did he use allomancy ? 
 vin wondered . 
 she 'd seen employer-crew relationships before , and it seemed that yeden was much more in kelsier 's pocket than the other way around . 
 kelsier turned back to ham and breeze . 
 `` there 's more to all this than simply a show of daring . 
 if we do manage to steal that atium , it will be a sound blow to the lord ruler 's ﬁnancial foundation . 
 he depends on the money that atium provides-without it , he could very well be left without the means to pay his armies . 
 `` even if he escapes our trap-or , if we decide to take the city when he 's gone to minimize having to deal with him - he 'll be ﬁnancially ruined . 
 he wo n't be able to march soldiers in to take the city away from yeden . 
 if this works right , we 'll have the city in chaos anyway , and the nobility will be too weak to react against the rebel forces . 
 the lord ruler will be left confused , and unable to mount a sizable army . '' 
 `` and the koloss ? '' 
 ham asked quietly . 
 kelsier paused . 
 `` if he marches those creatures on his own capital city , the destruction it would cause could be even more dangerous than ﬁnancial instability . 
 in the chaos , the provincial noblemen will rebel and set themselves up as kings , and the lord ruler wo n't have the troops to bring them into line . 
 yeden 's rebels will be able to hold luthadel , and we , my friends , will be very , very rich . 
 everyone gets what they want . '' 
 `` you 're forgetting the steel ministry , '' clubs snapped , sitting almost forgotten at the side of the room . 
 `` those inquisitors wo n't just let us throw their pretty theocracy into chaos . '' 
 kelsier paused , turning toward the gnarled man . 
 `` we will have to ﬁnd a way to deal with the ministry-i 've got a few plans for that . 
 either way , problems like that are the things that we-as a crew-will have to work out . 
 we have to get rid of the luthadel garrison-there 's no way we 'll be able to get anything done with them policing the streets . 
 we 'll have to come up with an appropriate way to throw the city into chaos , and we 'll have to ﬁnd a way to keep the obligators off our trail . 
 `` but , if we play this right , we might be able to force the lord ruler to send the palace guard-maybe even the inquisitors-into the city to restore order . 
 that will leave the palace itself exposed , giving yeden a perfect opportunity to strike . 
 after that , it wo n't matter what happens with the ministry or the garrison-the lord ruler wo n't have the money to maintain control of his empire . '' 
 `` i do n't know , kell , '' breeze said , shaking his head . 
 his ﬂippancy was subdued ; he seemed to be honestly considering the plan . 
 `` the lord ruler got that atium somewhere . 
 what if he just goes and mines some more ? '' 
 ham nodded . 
 `` no one even knows where the atium mine is . '' 
 `` i would n't say no one , '' kelsier said with a smile . 
 breeze and ham shared a look . 
 `` you know ? '' 
 ham asked . 
 `` of course , '' kelsier said . 
 `` i spent a year of my life working there . '' 
 `` the pits ? '' 
 ham asked with surprise . 
 kelsier nodded . 
 `` that 's why the lord ruler makes certain nobody survives working there-he ca n't afford to let his secret out . 
 it 's not just a penal colony , not just a hellhole where skaa are sent to die . 
 it 's a mine . '' 
 `` of course ... '' breeze said . 
 kelsier stood up straight , stepping away from the bar and walking toward ham and breeze 's table . 
 `` we have a chance here , gentlemen . 
 a chance to do something great - something no other thieving crew has ever done . 
 we 'll rob from the lord ruler himself ! 
 `` but , there 's more . 
 the pits nearly killed me , and i 've seen things ... differently since i escaped . 
 i see the skaa , working without hope . 
 i see the thieving crews , trying to survive on aristocratic leavings , often getting themselves-and other skaa-killed in the process . 
 i see the skaa rebellion trying so hard to resist the lord ruler , and never making any progress . 
 `` the rebellion fails because it 's too unwieldy and spread out . 
 anytime one of its many pieces gains momentum , the steel ministry crushes it . 
 that 's not the way to defeat the final empire , gentlemen . 
 but , a small team-specialized and highly skilled-has a hope . 
 we can work without great risk of exposure . 
 we know how to avoid the steel ministry 's tendrils . 
 we understand how the high nobility thinks , and how to exploit its members . 
 we can do this ! '' 
 he paused beside breeze and ham 's table . 
 `` i do n't know , kell , '' ham said . 
 `` it 's not that i 'm disagreeing with your motives . 
 it 's just that ... well , this seems a bit foolhardy . '' 
 kelsier smiled . 
 `` i know it does . 
 but you 're going to go along with it anyway , are n't you ? '' 
 ham paused , then nodded . 
 `` you know i 'll join your crew no matter what the job . 
 this sounds crazy , but so do most of your plans . 
 just ... just tell me . 
 are you serious about overthrowing the lord ruler ? '' 
 kelsier nodded . 
 for some reason , vin was almost tempted to believe him . 
 ham nodded ﬁrmly . 
 `` all right , then . 
 i 'm in . '' 
 `` breeze ? '' 
 kelsier asked . 
 the well-dressed man shook his head . 
 `` i 'm not sure , kell . 
 this is a bit extreme , even for you . '' 
 `` we need you , breeze , '' kell said . 
 `` no one can soothe a crowd like you can . 
 if we 're going to raise an army , we 'll need your allomancers-and your powers . '' 
 `` well , that much is true , '' breeze said . 
 `` but , even still ... '' kelsier smiled , then he set something on the table-the cup of wine vin had poured for breeze . 
 she had n't even noticed that kelsier had grabbed it off of the bar . 
 `` think of the challenge , breeze , '' kelsier said . 
 breeze glanced at the cup , then looked up at kelsier . 
 finally , he laughed , reaching for the wine . 
 `` fine . 
 i 'm in . '' 
 `` it 's impossible , '' a gruff voice said from the back of the room . 
 clubs sat with folded arms , regarding kelsier with a scowl . 
 `` what are you really planning , kelsier ? '' 
 `` i 'm being honest , '' kelsier replied . 
 `` i plan to take the lord ruler 's atium and overthrow his empire . '' 
 `` you ca n't , '' the man said . 
 `` it 's idiocy . 
 the inquisitors will hang us all by hooks through our throats . '' 
 `` perhaps , '' kelsier said . 
 `` but think of the reward if we succeed . 
 wealth , power , and a land where the skaa can live like men , rather than slaves . '' 
 clubs snorted loudly . 
 then he stood , his chair toppling backward onto the ﬂoor behind him . 
 `` no reward would be enough . 
 the lord ruler tried to have you killed once-i see that you wo n't be satisﬁed until he gets it right . '' 
 with that , the older man turned and stalked in a limping gait from the room , slamming the door behind him . 
 the lair grew quiet . 
 `` well , guess we 'll need a different smoker , '' dockson said . 
 `` you 're just going to let him go ? '' 
 yeden demanded . 
 `` he knows everything ! '' 
 breeze chuckled . 
 `` are n't you supposed to be the moral one in this little group ? '' 
 `` morals does n't have anything to do with it , '' yeden said . 
 `` letting someone go like that is foolish ! 
 he could bring the obligators down on us in minutes . '' 
 vin nodded in agreement , but kelsier just shook his head . 
 `` i do n't work that way , yeden . 
 i invited clubs to a meeting where i outlined a dangerous plan-one some people might even call stupid . 
 i 'm not going to have him assassinated because he decided it was too dangerous . 
 if you do things like that , pretty soon nobody will come listen to your plans in the ﬁrst place . '' 
 `` besides , '' dockson said . 
 `` we would n't invite someone to one of these meetings unless we trusted him not to betray us . '' 
 impossible , vin thought , frowning . 
 he had to be blufﬁng to keep up crew morale ; nobody was that trusting . 
 after all , had n't the others said that kelsier 's failure a few years before-the event that had sent him to the pits of hathsin - had come because of a betrayal ? 
 he probably had assassins following clubs at that very moment , watching to make certain he did n't go to the authorities . 
 `` all right , yeden , '' kelsier said , getting back to business . 
 `` they accepted . 
 the plan is on . 
 are you still in ? '' 
 `` will you give the rebellion 's money back if i say no ? '' 
 yeden asked . 
 the only response to that was a quiet chuckle from ham . 
 yeden 's expression darkened , but he just shook his head . 
 `` if i had any other option ... '' `` oh , stop complaining , '' kelsier said . 
 `` you 're ofﬁcially part of a thieving crew now , so you might as well come over here and sit with us . '' 
 yeden paused for a moment , then sighed and walked over to sit at breeze , ham , and dockson 's table , beside which kelsier was still standing . 
 vin still sat at the next table over . 
 kelsier turned , looking over toward vin . 
 `` what about you , vin ? '' 
 she paused . 
 why is he asking me ? 
 he already knows he has a hold over me . 
 the job does n't matter , as long as i learn what he knows . 
 kelsier waited expectantly . 
 `` i 'm in , '' vin said , assuming that was what he wanted to hear . 
 she must have guessed correctly , for kelsier smiled , then nodded to the last chair at the table . 
 vin sighed , but did as he indicated , standing and walking over to take the last seat . 
 `` who is the child ? '' 
 yeden asked . 
 `` twixt , '' breeze said . 
 kelsier cocked an eyebrow . 
 `` actually , vin is something of a new recruit . 
 my brother caught her soothing his emotions a few months back . '' 
 `` soother , eh ? '' 
 ham asked . 
 `` guess we can always use another of those . '' 
 `` actually , '' kelsier noted , `` it seems she can riot people 's emotions as well . '' 
 breeze started . 
 `` really ? '' 
 ham asked . 
 kelsier nodded . 
 `` dox and i tested her just a few hours ago . '' 
 breeze chuckled . 
 `` and here i was telling her that she 'd probably never meet another mistborn besides yourself . '' 
 `` a second mistborn on the team ... '' ham said appreciatively . 
 `` well , that increases our chances somewhat . '' 
 `` what are you saying ? '' 
 yeden sputtered . 
 `` skaa ca n't be mistborn . 
 i 'm not even sure if mistborn exist ! 
 i 've certainly never met one . '' 
 breeze raised an eyebrow , then laid a hand on yeden 's shoulder . 
 `` you should try not to talk so much , friend , '' he suggested . 
 `` you 'll sound far less stupid that way . '' 
 yeden shook off breeze 's hand , and ham laughed . 
 vin , however , sat quietly , considering the implications of what kelsier had said . 
 the part about stealing the atium reserves was tempting , but seizing the city to do it ? 
 were these men really that reckless ? 
 kelsier pulled a chair over to the table for himself and sat down on it the wrong way , resting his arms on the seatback . 
 `` all right , '' he said . 
 `` we have a crew . 
 we 'll plan speciﬁcs at the next meeting , but i want you all to be thinking about the job . 
 i have some plans , but i want fresh minds to consider our task . 
 we 'll need to discuss ways to get the luthadel garrison out of the city , and ways that we can throw this place into so much chaos that the great houses ca n't mobilize their forces to stop yeden 's army when it attacks . '' 
 the members of the group , save yeden , nodded . 
 `` before we end for the evening , however , '' kelsier continued , `` there is one more part of the plan i want to warn you about . '' 
 `` more ? '' 
 breeze asked with a chuckle . 
 `` stealing the lord ruler 's fortune and overthrowing his empire are n't enough ? '' 
 `` no , '' kelsier said . 
 `` if i can , i 'm going to kill him too . '' 
 silence . 
 `` kelsier , '' ham said slowly . 
 `` the lord ruler is the sliver of inﬁnity . 
 he 's a piece of god himself . 
 you ca n't kill him . 
 even capturing him will probably prove impossible . '' 
 kelsier did n't reply . 
 his eyes , however , were determined . 
 that 's it , vin thought . 
 he has to be insane . 
 `` the lord ruler and i , '' kelsier said quietly , `` we have an unsettled debt . 
 he took mare from me , and he nearly took my own sanity as well . 
 i 'll admit to you all that part of my reason for this plan is to get revenge on him . 
 we 're going to take his government , his home , and his fortune from him . 
 `` however , for that to work , we 'll have to get rid of him . 
 perhaps imprison him in his own dungeons-at the very least , we 'll have to get him out of the city . 
 however , i can think of something far better than either option . 
 down those pits where he sent me , i snapped and came to an awakening of my allomantic powers . 
 now i intend to use them to kill him . '' 
 kelsier reached into his suit pocket and pulled something out . 
 he set it on the table . 
 `` in the north , they have a legend , '' kelsier said . 
 `` it teaches that the lord ruler is n't immortal-not completely . 
 they say he can be killed with the right metal . 
 the eleventh metal . 
 that metal . '' 
 eyes turned toward the object on the table . 
 it was a thin bar of metal , perhaps as long and wide as vin 's small ﬁnger , with straight sides . 
 it was silvery white in color . 
 `` the eleventh metal ? '' 
 breeze asked uncertainly . 
 `` i 've heard of no such legend . '' 
 `` the lord ruler has suppressed it , '' kelsier said . 
 `` but it can still be found , if you know where to look . 
 allomantic theory teaches of ten metals : the eight basic metals , and the two high metals . 
 there is another one , however , unknown to most . 
 one far more powerful , even , than the other ten . '' 
 breeze frowned skeptically . 
 yeden , however , appeared intrigued . 
 `` and , this metal can somehow kill the lord ruler ? '' 
 kelsier nodded . 
 `` it 's his weakness . 
 the steel ministry wants you to believe that he 's immortal , but even he can be killed-by an allomancer burning this . '' 
 ham reached out , picking up the thin bar of metal . 
 `` where did you get it ? '' 
 `` in the north , '' kelsier said . 
 `` in a land near the far peninsula , a land where people still remember what their old kingdom was called in the days before the ascension . '' 
 `` how does it work ? '' 
 breeze asked . 
 `` i 'm not sure , '' kelsier said frankly . 
 `` but i intend to ﬁnd out . '' 
 ham regarded the porcelain-colored metal , turning it over his ﬁngers . 
 kill the lord ruler ? 
 vin thought . 
 the lord ruler was a force , like the winds or the mists . 
 one did not kill such things . 
 they did n't live , really . 
 they simply were . 
 `` regardless , '' kelsier said , accepting the metal back from ham , `` you do n't need to worry about this . 
 killing the lord ruler is my task . 
 if it proves impossible , we 'll settle for tricking him outside of the city , then robbing him silly . 
 i just thought that you should know what i 'm planning . '' 
 i 've bound myself to a madman , vin thought with resignation . 
 but that did n't really matter-not as long as he taught her allomancy . 
 i do n't even understand what i 'm supposed to do . 
 the terris philosophers claim that i 'll know my duty when the time comes , but that 's a small comfort . 
 the deepness must be destroyed , and apparently i 'm the only one who can do so . 
 it ravages the world even now . 
 if i do n't stop it soon , there will be nothing left of this land but bones and dust . 
 5 `` aha ! '' 
 kelsier 's triumphant figure popped up from behind camon 's bar , a look of satisfaction on his face . 
 he brought his arm up and thunked a dusty wine bottle down on the countertop . 
 dockson looked over with amusement . 
 `` where 'd you ﬁnd it ? '' 
 `` one of the secret drawers , '' kelsier said , dusting off the bottle . 
 `` i thought i 'd found all of those , '' dockson said . 
 `` you did . 
 one of them had a false back . '' 
 dockson chuckled . 
 `` clever . '' 
 kelsier nodded , unstoppering the bottle and pouring out three cups . 
 `` the trick is to never stop looking . 
 there 's always another secret . '' 
 he gathered up the three cups and walked over to join vin and dockson at the table . 
 vin accepted her cup with a tentative hand . 
 the meeting had ended a short time earlier , breeze , ham , and yeden leaving to ponder the things kelsier had told them . 
 vin felt that she should have left as well , but she had nowhere to go . 
 dockson and kelsier seemed to take it for granted that she would remain with them . 
 kelsier took a long sip of the rubicund wine , then smiled . 
 `` ah , that 's much better . '' 
 dockson nodded in agreement , but vin did n't taste her own drink . 
 `` we 're going to need another smoker , '' dockson noted . 
 kelsier nodded . 
 `` the others seemed to take it well , though . '' 
 `` breeze is still uncertain , '' dockson said . 
 `` he wo n't back out . 
 breeze likes a challenge , and he 'll never ﬁnd a challenge greater than this one . '' 
 kelsier smiled . 
 `` besides , it 'd drive him insane to know that we were pulling a job that he was n't in on . '' 
 `` still , he 's right to be apprehensive , '' dockson said . 
 `` i 'm a little worried myself . '' 
 kelsier nodded his agreement , and vin frowned . 
 so , are they serious about the plan ? 
 or is this still a show for my sake ? 
 the two men seemed so competent . 
 yet , overthrowing the final empire ? 
 they 'd sooner stop the mists from ﬂowing or the sun from rising . 
 `` when do your other friends get here ? '' 
 dockson asked . 
 `` a couple days , '' kelsier said . 
 `` we 'll need to have another smoker by then . 
 i 'm also going to need some more atium . '' 
 dockson frowned . 
 `` already ? '' 
 kelsier nodded . 
 `` i spent most of it buying oreseur 's contract , then used my last bit at tresting 's plantation . '' 
 tresting . 
 the nobleman who had been killed in his manor the week before . 
 how was kelsier involved ? 
 and , what was it kelsier said before about atium ? 
 he 'd claimed that the lord ruler kept control of the high nobility by maintaining a monopoly on the metal . 
 dockson rubbed his bearded chin . 
 `` atium 's not easy to come by , kell . 
 it took nearly eight months of planning to steal you that last bit . '' 
 `` that 's because you had to be delicate , '' kelsier said with a devious smile . 
 dockson eyed kelsier with a look of slight apprehension . 
 kelsier just smiled more broadly , and ﬁnally dockson rolled his eyes , sighing . 
 then he glanced at vin . 
 `` you have n't touched your drink . '' 
 vin shook her head . 
 dockson waited for an explanation , and eventually vin was forced to respond . 
 `` i do n't like to drink anything i did n't prepare myself . '' 
 kelsier chuckled . 
 `` she reminds me of vent . '' 
 `` vent ? '' 
 dockson said with a snort . 
 `` the lass is a bit paranoid , but she 's not that bad . 
 i swear , that man was so jumpy that his own heartbeat could startle him . '' 
 the two men shared a laugh . 
 vin , however , was only made more uncomfortable by the friendly air . 
 what do they expect from me ? 
 am i to be an apprentice of some sort ? 
 `` well , then , '' dockson said , `` are you going to tell me how you plan on getting yourself some atium ? '' 
 kelsier opened his mouth to respond , but the stairs clattered with the sound of someone coming down . 
 kelsier and dockson turned ; vin , of course , had seated herself so she could see both entrances to the room without having to move . 
 vin expected the newcomer to be one of camon 's crewmembers , sent to see if kelsier was done with the lair yet . 
 therefore , she was completely surprised when the door swung open to reveal the surly , gnarled face of the man called clubs . 
 kelsier smiled , eyes twinkling . 
 he 's not surprised . 
 pleased , perhaps , but not surprised . 
 `` clubs , '' kelsier said . 
 clubs stood in the doorway , giving the three of them an impressively disapproving stare . 
 finally , he hobbled into the room . 
 a thin , awkward-looking teenage boy followed him . 
 the boy fetched clubs a chair and put it by kelsier 's table . 
 clubs settled down , grumbling slightly to himself . 
 finally , he eyed kelsier with a squinting , wrinkle-nosed expression . 
 `` the soother is gone ? '' 
 `` breeze ? '' 
 kelsier asked . 
 `` yes , he left . '' 
 clubs grunted . 
 then he eyed the bottle of wine . 
 `` help yourself , '' kelsier said . 
 clubs waved for the boy to go fetch him a cup from the bar , then turned back to kelsier . 
 `` i had to be sure , '' he said . 
 `` never can trust yourself when a soother is around - especially one like him . '' 
 `` you 're a smoker , clubs , '' kelsier said . 
 `` he could n't do much to you , not if you did n't want him to . '' 
 clubs shrugged . 
 `` i do n't like soothers . 
 it 's not just allomancy-men like that ... well , you ca n't trust that you are n't being manipulated when they are around . 
 copper or no copper . '' 
 `` i would n't rely on something like that to get your loyalty , '' kelsier said . 
 `` so i 've heard , '' clubs said as the boy poured him a cup of wine . 
 `` had to be sure , though . 
 had to think about things without that breeze around . '' 
 he scowled , though vin had trouble determining why , then took the cup and downed half of it in one gulp . 
 `` good wine , '' he said with a grunt . 
 then he looked over at kelsier . 
 `` so , the pits really did drive you insane , eh ? '' 
 `` completely , '' kelsier said with a straight face . 
 clubs smiled , though on his face the expression had a decidedly twisted look . 
 `` you mean to go through with this , then ? 
 this so-called job of yours ? '' 
 kelsier nodded solemnly . 
 clubs downed the rest of his wine . 
 `` you 've got yourself a smoker then . 
 not for the money , though . 
 if you 're really serious about toppling this government , then i 'm in . '' 
 kelsier smiled . 
 `` and do n't smile at me , '' clubs snapped . 
 `` i hate that . '' 
 `` i would n't dare . '' 
 `` well , '' dockson said , pouring himself another drink , `` that solves the smoker problem . '' 
 `` wo n't matter much , '' clubs said . 
 `` you 're going to fail . 
 i 've spent my life trying to hide mistings from the lord ruler and his obligators . 
 he gets them all eventually anyway . '' 
 `` why bother helping us , then ? '' 
 dockson asked . 
 `` because , '' clubs said , standing . 
 `` the lord 's going to get me sooner or later . 
 at least this way , i 'll be able to spit in his face as i go . 
 overthrowing the final empire ... '' he smiled . 
 `` it 's got style . 
 let 's go , kid . 
 we 've got to get the shop ready for visitors . '' 
 vin watched them go , clubs limping out the door , the boy pulling it closed behind them . 
 then she glanced at kelsier . 
 `` you knew he 'd come back . '' 
 he shrugged , standing and stretching . 
 `` i hoped . 
 people are attracted to vision . 
 the job i 'm proposing ... well , it just is n't the sort of thing you walk away from-at least , not if you 're a bored old man who 's generally annoyed at life . 
 now , vin , i assume that your crew owns this entire building ? '' 
 vin nodded . 
 `` the shop upstairs is a front . '' 
 `` good , '' kelsier said , checking his pocket watch , then handing it to dockson . 
 `` tell your friends that they can have their lair back-the mists are probably already coming out . '' 
 `` and us ? '' 
 dockson asked . 
 kelsier smiled . 
 `` we 're going to the roof . 
 like i told you , i have to fetch some atium . '' 
 by day , luthadel was a blackened city , scorched by soot and red sunlight . 
 it was hard , distinct , and oppressive . 
 at night , however , the mists came to blur and obscure . 
 high noble keeps became ghostly , looming silhouettes . 
 streets seemed to grow more narrow in the fog , every thoroughfare becoming a lonely , dangerous alleyway . 
 even noblemen and thieves were apprehensive about going out at night-it took a strong heart to brave the foreboding , misty silence . 
 the dark city at night was a place for the desperate and the foolhardy ; it was a land of swirling mystery and strange creatures . 
 strange creatures like me , kelsier thought . 
 he stood upon the ledge that ran around the lip of the ﬂat-roofed lair . 
 shadowed buildings loomed in the night around him , and the mists made everything seem to shift and move in the darkness . 
 weak lights peeked from the occasional window , but the tiny beads of illumination were huddled , frightened things . 
 a cool breeze slipped across the rooftop , shifting the haze , brushing against kelsier 's mist-wetted cheek like an exhaled breath . 
 in days past-back before everything had gone wrong-he had always sought out a rooftop on the evening before a job , wishing to overlook the city . 
 he did n't realize he was observing his old custom this night until he glanced to the side , expecting mare to be there next to him , as she always had been . 
 instead , he found only the empty air . 
 lonely . 
 silent . 
 the mists had replaced her . 
 poorly . 
 he sighed and turned . 
 vin and dockson stood behind him on the rooftop . 
 both looked apprehensive to be out in the mists , but they dealt with their fear . 
 one did not get far in the underworld without learning to stomach the mists . 
 kelsier had learned to do far more than `` stomach '' them . 
 he had gone among them so often during the last few years that he was beginning to feel more comfortable at night , within the mists ' obscuring embrace , than he did at day . 
 `` kell , '' dockson said , `` do you have to stand on the ledge like that ? 
 our plans may be a bit crazy , but i 'd rather not have them end with you splattered across the cobblestones down there . '' 
 kelsier smiled . 
 he still does n't think of me as a mistborn , he thought . 
 it will take some getting used to for all of them . 
 years before , he had become the most infamous crewleader in luthadel , and he had done it without even being an allomancer . 
 mare had been a tineye , but he and dockson ... they had just been regular men . 
 one a half-breed with no powers , the other a runaway plantation skaa . 
 together , they had brought great houses to their knees , stealing brashly from the most powerful men in the final empire . 
 now kelsier was more , so much more . 
 once he had dreamed of allomancy , wishing for a power like mare 's . 
 she had been dead before he 'd snapped , coming to his powers . 
 she would never see what he would do with them . 
 before , the high nobility had feared him . 
 it had taken a trap set by the lord ruler himself to capture kelsier . 
 now . . 
 the final empire itself would shake before he was ﬁnished with it . 
 he scanned the city once more , breathing in the mists , then hopped down off the ledge and strolled over to join dockson and vin . 
 they carried no lights ; ambient starlight diffused by the mists was enough to see by in most cases . 
 kelsier took off his jacket and vest , handing them to dockson , then he untucked his shirt , letting the long garment hang loose . 
 the fabric was dark enough that it would n't give him away in the night . 
 `` all right , '' kelsier said . 
 `` who should i try ? '' 
 dockson frowned . 
 `` you 're sure you want to do this ? '' 
 kelsier smiled . 
 dockson sighed . 
 `` houses urbain and teniert have been hit recently , though not for their atium . '' 
 `` which house is the strongest right now ? '' 
 kelsier asked , squatting down and undoing the ties on his pack , which rested by dockson 's feet . 
 `` who would no one consider hitting ? '' 
 dockson paused . 
 `` venture , '' he ﬁnally said . 
 `` they 've been on top for the last few years . 
 they keep a standing force of several hundred men , and the local house nobility includes a good two dozen mistings . '' 
 kelsier nodded . 
 `` well , that 's where i 'll go , then . 
 they 're certain to have some atium . '' 
 he pulled open the pack , then whipped out a dark gray cloak . 
 large and enveloping , the cloak was n't constructed from a single piece of cloth-rather , it was made up of hundreds of long , ribbonlike strips . 
 they were sewn together at the shoulders and across the chest , but mostly they hung separate from one another , like overlapping streamers . 
 kelsier threw on the garment , its strips of cloth twisting and curling , almost like the mists themselves . 
 dockson exhaled softly . 
 `` i 've never been so close to someone wearing one of those . '' 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 vin asked , her quiet voice almost haunting in the night mists . 
 `` a mistborn cloak , '' dockson said . 
 `` they all wear the things-it 's kind of like a. . . 
 sign of membership in their club . '' 
 `` it 's colored and constructed to hide you in the mist , '' kelsier said . 
 `` and it warns city guards and other mistborn not to bother you . '' 
 he spun , letting the cloak ﬂare dramatically . 
 `` i think it suits me . '' 
 dockson rolled his eyes . 
 `` all right , '' kelsier said , bending down and pulling a cloth belt from his pack . 
 `` house venture . 
 is there anything i need to know ? '' 
 `` lord venture supposedly has a safe in his study , '' dockson said . 
 `` that 's where he 'd probably keep his atium stash . 
 you 'll ﬁnd the study on the third ﬂoor , three rooms in from the upper southern balcony . 
 be careful , house venture keeps about a dozen hazekillers in addition to its regular troops and mistings . '' 
 kelsier nodded , tying on the belt-it had no buckle , but it did contain two small sheaths . 
 he pulled a pair of glass daggers from the bag , checked them for nicks , and slid them into the sheaths . 
 he kicked off his shoes and stripped off his stockings , leaving himself barefoot on the chill stones . 
 with the shoes also went the last bit of metal on his person save for his coin pouch and the three vials of metals in his belt . 
 he selected the largest one , downed its contents , then handed the empty vial to dockson . 
 `` that it ? '' 
 kelsier asked . 
 dockson nodded . 
 `` good luck . '' 
 beside him , the girl vin was watching kelsier 's preparations with intense curiosity . 
 she was a quiet , small thing , but she hid an intensity that he found impressive . 
 she was paranoid , true , but not timid . 
 you 'll get your chance , kid , he thought . 
 just not tonight . 
 `` well , '' he said , pulling a coin from his pouch and tossing it off the side of the building . 
 `` guess i 'll be going . 
 i 'll meet you back at clubs 's shop in a bit . '' 
 dockson nodded . 
 kelsier turned and walked back up onto the roof 's ledge . 
 then he jumped off the building . 
 mist curled in the air around him . 
 he burned steel , second of the basic allomantic metals . 
 translucent blue lines sprang into existence around him , visible only to his eyes . 
 each one led from the center of his chest out to a nearby source of metal . 
 the lines were all relatively faint-a sign that they pointed to metal sources that were small : door hinges , nails , and other bits . 
 the type of source metal did n't matter . 
 burning iron or steel would point blue lines at all kinds of metal , assuming they were close enough and large enough to be noticeable . 
 kelsier chose the line that pointed directly beneath him , toward his coin . 
 burning steel , he pushed against the coin . 
 his descent immediately stopped , and he was thrown back up into the air in the opposite direction along the blue line . 
 he reached out to the side , selected a passing window clasp , and pushed against it , angling himself to the side . 
 the careful nudge sent him up and over the lip of the building directly across the street from vin 's lair . 
 kelsier landed with a lithe step , falling into a crouch and running across the building 's peaked roof . 
 he paused in the darkness at the other side , peering through the swirling air . 
 he burned tin , and felt it ﬂare to life in his chest , enhancing his senses . 
 suddenly the mists seemed less deep . 
 it was n't that the night around him grew any lighter ; his ability to perceive simply increased . 
 in the distance to the north , he could just barely make out a large structure . 
 keep venture . 
 kelsier left his tin on-it burned slowly , and he probably did n't need to worry about running out . 
 as he stood , the mists curled slightly around his body . 
 they twisted and spun , running in a slight , barely noticeable current beside him . 
 the mists knew him ; they claimed him . 
 they could sense allomancy . 
 he jumped , pushing against a metal chimney behind him , sending himself in a wide horizontal leap . 
 he tossed a coin even as he jumped , the tiny bit of metal ﬂickering through the darkness and fog . 
 he pushed against the coin before it hit the ground , the force of his weight driving it downward in a sharp motion . 
 as soon as it hit the cobblestones , kelsier 's pushing forced him upward , turning the second half of his leap into a graceful arc . 
 kelsier landed on another peaked wooden rooftop . 
 steel-pushing and ironpulling were the ﬁrst things that gemmel had taught him . 
 when you push on something , it 's like you 're throwing your weight against it , the old lunatic had said . 
 and you ca n't change how much you weigh-you 're an allomancer , not some northern mystic . 
 do n't pull on something that weighs less than you unless you want it to come ﬂying at you , and do n't push on something heavier than you unless you want to get tossed in the other direction . 
 kelsier scratched his scars , then pulled his mistcloak tight as he crouched on the roof , the wooden grain biting his unshod toes . 
 he often wished that burning tin did n't enhance all of the senses-or , at least , not all of them at once . 
 he needed the improved eyesight to see in the darkness , and he made good use of the improved hearing as well . 
 however , burning tin made the night seem even more chilly to his overly sensitive skin , and his feet registered every pebble and wooden ripple they touched . 
 keep venture rose before him . 
 compared with the murky city , the keep seemed to blaze with light . 
 high nobles kept different schedules from regular people ; the ability to afford , even squander , lamp oil and candles meant that the wealthy did n't have to bow before the whims of season or sun . 
 the keep was majestic-that much was visible simply from the architecture . 
 while it maintained a defensive wall around the grounds , the keep itself was more an artistic construction than a fortiﬁcation . 
 sturdy buttressings arched out from the sides , allowing for intricate windows and delicate spires . 
 brilliant stained-glass windows stretched high along the sides of the rectangular building , and they shone with light from within , giving the surrounding mists a variegated glow . 
 kelsier burned iron , ﬂaring it strong and searching the night for large sources of metal . 
 he was too far away from the keep to use small items like coins or hinges . 
 he 'd need a larger anchor to cover this distance . 
 most of the blue lines were faint . 
 kelsier marked a couple of them moving in a slow pattern up ahead-probably a pair of guards standing on the rooftop . 
 kelsier would be sensing their breastplates and weapons . 
 despite allomantic considerations , most noblemen still armed their soldiers with metal . 
 mistings who could push or pull metals were uncommon , and full mistborn were even more so . 
 many lords thought it impractical to leave one 's soldiers and guards relatively defenseless in order to counter such a small segment of the population . 
 no , most high noblemen relied on other means to deal with allomancers . 
 kelsier smiled . 
 dockson had said that lord venture kept a squad of hazekillers ; if that was true , kelsier would probably meet them before the night was through . 
 he ignored the soldiers for the moment , instead focusing on a solid line of blue pointing toward the keep 's lofty top . 
 it likely had bronze or copper sheeting on the roof . 
 kelsier ﬂared his iron , took a deep breath , and pulled on the line . 
 with a sudden jerk , he was yanked into the air . 
 kelsier continued to burn iron , pulling himself toward the keep at a tremendous speed . 
 some rumors claimed that mist-born could ﬂy , but that was a wistful exaggeration . 
 pulling and pushing against metals usually felt less like ﬂying than it did like falling-only in the wrong direction . 
 an allomancer had to pull hard in order to get the proper momentum , and this sent him hurtling toward his anchor at daunting speeds . 
 kelsier shot toward the keep , mists curling around him . 
 he easily cleared the protective wall surrounding the keep 's grounds , but his body dropped slightly toward the ground as he moved . 
 it was his pesky weight again ; it tugged him down . 
 even the swiftest of arrows angled slightly toward the ground as it ﬂew . 
 the drag of his weight meant that instead of shooting right up to the roof , he swung in an arc . 
 he approached the keep wall several dozen feet below the rooftop , still traveling at a terrible speed . 
 taking a deep breath , kelsier burned pewter , using it to enhance his physical strength much in the same way that tin enhanced his senses . 
 he turned himself in the air , hitting the stone wall feet-ﬁrst . 
 even his strengthened muscles protested at the treatment , but he stopped without breaking any bones . 
 he immediately released his hold on the roof , dropping a coin and pushing against it even as he began to fall . 
 he reached out , selecting a source of metal above him-one of the wire housings of a stained-glass window-and pulled on it . 
 the coin hit the ground below and was suddenly able to support his weight . 
 kelsier launched himself upward , pushing on the coin and pulling on the window at the same time . 
 then , extinguishing both metals , he let momentum carry him the last few feet up through the dark mists . 
 cloak ﬂapping quietly , he crested the lip of the keep 's upper service walkway , ﬂipped himself up over the stone railing , and landed quietly on the ledge . 
 a startled guard stood not three paces away . 
 kelsier was upon the man in a second , jumping into the air , pulling slightly on the guard 's steel breastplate and throwing the man off balance . 
 kelsier whipped out one of his glass daggers , allowing the strength of his ironpull to bring him toward the guard . 
 he landed with both feet against the man 's chest , then crouched and sliced with a pewter-enhanced swing . 
 the guard collapsed with a slit throat . 
 kelsier landed lithely beside him , ears straining in the night , listening for sounds of alarm . 
 there were none . 
 kelsier left the guard to his gurgling demise . 
 the man was likely a lesser nobleman . 
 the enemy . 
 if he were , instead , a skaa soldier-enticed into betraying his people in exchange for a few coins ... well , then , kelsier was even happier to send such men into their eternity . 
 he pushed off the dying man 's breastplate , hopping up off the stone service walkway and onto the rooftop itself . 
 the bronze roof was chill and slick beneath his feet . 
 he scurried along it , heading toward the southern side of the building , looking for the balcony dockson had mentioned . 
 he was n't too worried about being spotted ; one purpose of this evening was to steal some atium , the tenth and most powerful of the generally known allomantic metals . 
 his other purpose , however , was to cause a commotion . 
 he found the balcony with ease . 
 wide and broad , it was probably a sitting balcony , used to entertain small groups . 
 it was quiet at the moment , however-empty save for two guards . 
 kelsier crouched silently in the night mists above the balcony , furled gray cloak obscuring him , toes curling out over the side of the roof 's metallic lip . 
 the two guards chatted unwittingly below . 
 time to make a bit of noise . 
 kelsier dropped to the ledge directly between the guards . 
 burning pewter to strengthen his body , he reached out and ﬁercely steelpushed against both men at the same time . 
 braced as he was at the center , his push threw the guards away in opposite directions . 
 the men cried out in surprise as the sudden force threw them backward , hurling them over the balcony railing into the darkness beyond . 
 the guards screamed as they fell . 
 kelsier threw open the balcony doors , letting a wall of mist fall inward around him , its tendrils creeping forward to claim the darkened room beyond . 
 third room in , kelsier thought , moving forward in a crouching run . 
 the second room was a quiet , greenhouse-like conservatory . 
 low beds containing cultivated bushes and small trees ran through the room , and one wall was made up of enormous ﬂoor-to-ceiling windows to provide sunlight for the plants . 
 though it was dark , kelsier knew that the plants would all be of slightly different colors than the typical brown-some would be white , others ruddy , and perhaps even a few light yellow . 
 plants that were n't brown were a rarity cultivated and kept by the nobility . 
 kelsier moved quickly through the conservatory . 
 he paused at the next doorway , noting its lighted outline . 
 he extinguished his tin lest his enhanced eyes be blinded when he entered the lit room , and threw open the door . 
 he ducked inside , blinking against the light , a glass dagger in each hand . 
 the room , however , was empty . 
 it was obviously a study ; a lantern burned on each wall beside bookcases , and it had a desk in the corner . 
 kelsier replaced his knives , burning steel and searching for sources of metal . 
 there was a large safe in the corner of the room , but it was too obvious . 
 sure enough , another strong source of metal shone from inside the eastern wall . 
 kelsier approached , running his ﬁngers along the plaster . 
 like many walls in noble keeps , this one was painted with a soft mural . 
 foreign creatures lounged beneath a red sun . 
 the false section of wall was under two feet square , and it had been placed so that its cracks were obscured by the mural . 
 there 's always another secret , kelsier thought . 
 he did n't bother trying to ﬁgure out how to open the contraption . 
 he simply burned steel , reaching in and tugging against the weak source of metal that he assumed was the trapdoor 's locking mechanism . 
 it resisted at ﬁrst , pulling him against the wall , but he burned pewter and yanked harder . 
 the lock snapped , and the panel swung open , revealing a small safe embedded in the wall . 
 kelsier smiled . 
 it looked small enough for a pewter-enhanced man to carry , assuming he could get it out of the wall . 
 he jumped up , ironpulling against the safe , and landed with his feet against the wall , one foot on either side of the open panel . 
 he continued to pull , holding himself in place , and ﬂared his pewter . 
 strength ﬂooded his legs , and he ﬂared his steel as well , pulling against the safe . 
 he strained , grunting slightly at the exertion . 
 it was a test to see which would give out ﬁrst-the safe , or his legs . 
 the safe shifted in its mountings . 
 kelsier pulled harder , muscles protesting . 
 for an extended moment , nothing happened . 
 then the safe shook and ripped free of the wall . 
 kelsier fell backward , burning steel and pushing against the safe to get out of the way . 
 he landed maladroitly , sweat dripping from his brow as the safe crashed to the wooden ﬂoor , throwing up splinters . 
 a pair of startled guards burst into the room . 
 `` about time , '' kelsier noted , raising a hand and pulling on one of the soldier 's swords . 
 it whipped out of the sheath , spinning in the air and streaking toward kelsier point-ﬁrst . 
 he extinguished his iron , stepping to the side and catching the sword by its hilt as momentum carried it past . 
 `` mistborn ! '' 
 the guard screamed . 
 kelsier smiled and jumped forward . 
 the guard pulled out a dagger . 
 kelsier pushed it , tearing the weapon out of the man 's hand , then swung , shearing the guard 's head from his body . 
 the second guard cursed , tugging free the release tie on his breastplate . 
 kelsier pushed on his own sword even as he completed his swing . 
 the sword ripped from his ﬁngers and hissed directly toward the second guard . 
 the man 's armor dropped free - preventing kelsier from pushing against it-just as the ﬁrst guard 's corpse fell to the ground . 
 a moment later , kelsier 's sword planted itself in the second guard 's now unarmored chest . 
 the man stumbled quietly , then collapsed . 
 kelsier turned from the bodies , cloak rustling . 
 his anger was quiet , not as ﬁerce as it had been the night he 'd killed lord tresting . 
 but he felt it still , felt it in the itching of his scars and in the remembered screams of the woman he loved . 
 as far as kelsier was concerned , any man who upheld the final empire also forfeited his right to live . 
 he ﬂared his pewter , strengthening his body , then squatted down and lifted the safe . 
 he teetered for a second beneath its weight , then got his balance and began to shufﬂe back toward the balcony . 
 perhaps the safe held atium ; perhaps it did n't . 
 however , he did n't have time to search out other options . 
 he was halfway through the conservatory when he heard footsteps from behind . 
 he turned to see the study ﬂooding with ﬁgures . 
 there were eight of them , each one wearing a loose gray robe and carrying a dueling cane and a shield instead of a sword . 
 hazekillers . 
 kelsier let the safe drop to the ground . 
 hazekillers were n't allomancers , but they were trained to ﬁght mistings and mistborn . 
 there would n't be a single bit of metal on their bodies , and they would be ready for his tricks . 
 kelsier stepped back , stretching and smiling . 
 the eight men fanned into the study , moving with quiet precision . 
 this should be interesting . 
 the hazekillers attacked , dashing by twos into the conservatory . 
 kelsier pulled out his daggers , ducking beneath the ﬁrst attack and slicing at a man 's chest . 
 the hazekiller jumped back , however , and forced kelsier away with a swing of his cane . 
 kelsier ﬂared his pewter , letting strengthened legs carry him back in a powerful jump . 
 with one hand , he whipped out a handful of coins and pushed them against his opponents . 
 the metal disks shot forward , zipping through the air , but his enemies were ready for this : they raised their shields , and the coins bounced off the wood , throwing up splinters but leaving the men unharmed . 
 kelsier eyed the other hazekillers as they ﬁlled the room , advancing on him . 
 they could n't hope to ﬁght him in an extended battle-their tactic would be to rush him at once , hoping for a quick end to the ﬁght , or to at least stall him until allomancers could be awakened and brought to ﬁght . 
 he glanced at the safe as he landed . 
 he could n't leave without it . 
 he needed to end the ﬁght quickly as well . 
 flaring pewter , he jumped forward , trying an experimental dagger swipe , but he could n't get inside his opponent 's defenses . 
 kelsier barely ducked away in time to avoid getting cracked on the head by the end of a cane . 
 three of the hazekillers dashed behind him , cutting off his retreat into the balcony room . 
 great , kelsier thought , trying to keep an eye on all eight men at once . 
 they advanced on him with careful precision , working as a team . 
 gritting his teeth , kelsier ﬂared his pewter again ; it was running low , he noticed . 
 pewter was the fastest-burning of the basic eight metals . 
 no time to worry about that now . 
 the men behind him attacked , and kelsier jumped out of the way-pulling on the safe to tug himself toward the center of the room . 
 he pushed as soon as he hit the ground near the safe , launching himself into the air at an angle . 
 he tucked , ﬂipping over the heads of two attackers , and landed on the ground beside a well-cultivated tree bed . 
 he spun , ﬂaring his pewter and raising his arm in defense against the swing he knew would come . 
 the dueling cane connected with his arm . 
 a burst of pain ran down his forearm , but his pewter-enhanced bone held . 
 kelsier kept moving , driving his other hand forward and slamming a dagger into his opponent 's chest . 
 the man stumbled back in surprise , the motion ripping away kelsier 's dagger . 
 a second hazekiller attacked , but kelsier ducked , then reached down with his free hand , ripping his coin pouch off of his belt . 
 the hazekiller prepared to block kelsier 's remaining dagger , but kelsier raised his other hand instead , slamming the coin pouch into the man 's shield . 
 then he pushed on the coins inside . 
 the hazekiller cried out , the force of the intense steelpush throwing him backward . 
 kelsier ﬂared his steel , pushing so hard that he tossed himself backward as well-away from the pair of men who tried to attack him . 
 kelsier and his enemy ﬂew away from each other , hurled in opposite directions . 
 kelsier collided with the far wall , but kept pushing , smashing his opponent-pouch , shield , and all-against one of the massive conservatory windows . 
 glass shattered , sparkles of lanternlight from the study playing across its shards . 
 the hazekiller 's desperate face disappeared into the darkness beyond , and mist-quiet , yet ominous-began to creep in through the shattered window . 
 the other six men advanced relentlessly , and kelsier was forced to ignore the pain in his arm as he ducked two swings . 
 he spun out of the way , brushing past a small tree , but a third hazekiller attacked , smashing his cane into kelsier 's side . 
 the attack threw kelsier into the tree bed . 
 he tripped , then collapsed near the entrance to the lit study , dropping his dagger . 
 he gasped in pain , rolling to his knees and holding his side . 
 the blow would have broken another man 's ribs . 
 even kelsier would have a massive bruise . 
 the six men moved forward , spreading to surround him again . 
 kelsier stumbled to his feet , vision growing dizzy from pain and exertion . 
 he gritted his teeth , reaching down and pulling out one of his remaining vials of metal . 
 he downed its contents in a single gulp , replenishing his pewter , then burned tin . 
 the light nearly blinded him , and the pain in his arm and side suddenly seemed more acute , but the burst of enhanced senses cleared his head . 
 the six hazekillers advanced in a sudden , coordinated attack . 
 kelsier whipped his hand to the side , burning iron and searching for metal . 
 the closest source was a thick silvery paperweight on a desk just inside the study . 
 kelsier ﬂipped it into his hand , then turned , arm held toward the advancing men , falling into an offensive stance . 
 `` all right , '' he growled . 
 kelsier burned steel with a ﬂash of strength . 
 the rectangular ingot ripped from his hand , streaking through the air . 
 the foremost hazekiller raised his shield , but he moved too slowly . 
 the ingot hit the man 's shoulder with a crunch , and he dropped , crying out . 
 kelsier spun to the side , ducking a staff swing and putting a hazekiller between himself and the fallen man . 
 he burned iron , pulling the ingot back toward him . 
 it whipped through the air , cracking the second hazekiller in the side of the head . 
 the man collapsed as the ingot ﬂipped into the air . 
 one of the remaining men cursed , rushing forward to attack . 
 kelsier pushed the still airborne ingot , ﬂipping it away from him-and away from the attacking hazekiller , who had his shield raised . 
 kelsier heard the ingot hit the ground behind him , and he reached up-burning pewter-and caught the hazekiller 's cane mid-swing . 
 the hazekiller grunted , struggling against kelsier 's enhanced strength . 
 kelsier did n't bother trying to pull the weapon free ; instead he pulled sharply on the ingot behind him , bringing it toward his own back at a deadly speed . 
 he twisted at the last moment , using his momentum to spin the hazekiller around-right into the ingot 's path . 
 the man dropped . 
 kelsier ﬂared pewter , steadying himself against attacks . 
 sure enough , a cane smashed against his shoulders . 
 he stumbled to his knees as the wood cracked , but ﬂared tin kept him conscious . 
 pain and lucidity ﬂashed through his mind . 
 he pulled on the ingot-ripping it out of the dying man 's back-and stepped to the side , letting the impromptu weapon shoot past him . 
 the two hazekillers nearest him crouched warily . 
 the ingot snapped into one of the men 's shields , but kelsier did n't continue pushing , lest he throw himself off balance . 
 instead , he burned iron , wrenching the ingot back toward himself . 
 he ducked , extinguishing iron and feeling the ingot whoosh through the air above him . 
 there was a crack as it collided with the man who had been sneaking up on him . 
 kelsier spun , burning iron then steel to send the ingot soaring toward the ﬁnal two men . 
 they stepped out of the way , but kelsier tugged on the ingot , dropping it to the ground directly in front of them . 
 the men regarded it warily , distracted as kelsier ran and jumped , steelpushing himself against the ingot and ﬂipping over the men 's heads . 
 the hazekillers cursed , spinning . 
 as kelsier landed , he pulled the ingot again , bringing it up to smash into a man 's skull from behind . 
 the hazekiller fell silently . 
 the ingot ﬂipped a few times in the darkness , and kelsier snatched it from the air , its cool surface slick with blood . 
 mist from the shattered window ﬂowed by his feet , curling up around his legs . 
 he brought his hand down , pointing it directly at the last remaining hazekiller . 
 somewhere in the room , a fallen man groaned . 
 the remaining hazekiller stepped back , then dropped his weapon and dashed away . 
 kelsier smiled , lowering his hand . 
 suddenly , the ingot was pushed from his ﬁngers . 
 it shot across the room , smashing through another window . 
 kelsier cursed , spinning to see another , larger group of men pouring into the study . 
 they wore the clothing of noblemen . 
 allomancers . 
 several of them raised hands , and a ﬂurry of coins shot toward kelsier . 
 he ﬂared steel , pushing the coins out of the way . 
 windows shattered and wood splintered as the room was sprayed with coins . 
 kelsier felt a tug on his belt as his ﬁnal vial of metal was ripped away , pulled toward the other room . 
 several burly men ran forward in a crouch , staying beneath the shooting coins . 
 thugs-mistings who , like ham , could burn pewter . 
 time to go , kelsier thought , deﬂecting another wave of coins , gritting his teeth against the pain in his side and arm . 
 he glanced behind him ; he had a few moments , but he was never going to make it back to the balcony . 
 as more mistings advanced , kelsier took a deep breath and dashed toward one of the broken , ﬂoor-to-ceiling windows . 
 he leapt out into the mists , turning in the air as he fell , and reached out to pull ﬁrmly on the fallen safe . 
 he jerked in midair , swinging down toward the side of the building as if tied to the safe by a tether . 
 he felt the safe slide forward , grinding against the ﬂoor of the conservatory as kelsier 's weight pulled against it . 
 he slammed against the side of the building , but continued to pull , catching himself on the upper side of a windowsill . 
 he strained , standing upside down in the window well , pulling on the safe . 
 the safe appeared over the lip of the ﬂoor above . 
 it teetered , then fell out the window and began to plummet directly toward kelsier . 
 he smiled , extinguishing his iron and pushing away from the building with his legs , throwing himself out into the mists like some insane diver . 
 he fell backward through the darkness , barely catching sight of an angry face poking out of the broken window above . 
 kelsier pulled carefully against the safe , moving himself in the air . 
 mists curled around him , obscuring his vision , making him feel as if he were n't falling at all-but hanging in the middle of nothingness . 
 he reached the safe , then twisted in the air and pushed against it , throwing himself upward . 
 the safe crashed into the cobblestones just below . 
 kelsier pushed against the safe slightly , slowing himself until he eventually jerked to a halt in the air just a few feet above the ground . 
 he hung in the mists for a moment , ribbons from his cloak curling and ﬂapping in the wind , then let himself drop to the ground beside the safe . 
 the strongbox had been shattered by the fall . 
 kelsier pried open its mangled front , tin-enhanced ears listening to calls of alarm from the building above . 
 inside the safe , he found a small pouch of gemstones and a couple of ten-thousand boxing letters of credit , all of which he pocketed . 
 he felt around inside , suddenly worried that the night 's work had been for naught . 
 then his ﬁngers found it-a small pouch at the very back . 
 he pulled it open , revealing a grouping of dark , beadlike bits of metal . 
 atium . 
 his scars ﬂared , memories of his time in the pits returning to him . 
 he pulled the pouch tight and stood . 
 with amusement , he noticed a twisted form lying on the cobblestones a short distance away-the mangled remains of the hazekiller he 'd thrown out the window . 
 kelsier walked over , and retrieved his coin pouch with a tug of ironpulling . 
 no , this night was not a waste . 
 even if he had n't found the atium , any night that ended with a group of dead noblemen was a successful one , in kelsier 's opinion . 
 he gripped his pouch in one hand and the bag of atium in the other . 
 he kept his pewter burning-without the strength it lent his body , he 'd probably collapse from the pain of his wounds-and dashed off into the night , heading toward clubs 's shop . 
 i never wanted this , true . 
 but somebody has to stop the deepness . 
 and , apparently , terris is the only place this can be done . 
 on this fact , however , i do n't have to take the word of the philosophers . 
 i can feel our goal now , can sense it , though the others can not . 
 it ... pulses , in my mind , far off in the mountains . 
 6 vin awoke to a quiet room , red morning sunlight peeking through cracks in the shutters . 
 she lay in bed for a moment , unsettled . 
 something felt wrong . 
 it was n't that she was waking up in an unfamiliar place-traveling with reen had accustomed her to a nomadic lifestyle . 
 it took her a moment to realize the source of her discomfort . 
 the room was empty . 
 not only was it empty , it was open . 
 uncrowded . 
 and it was ... comfortable . 
 she lay on an actual mattress , raised on posts , with sheets and a plush quilt . 
 the room was decorated with a sturdy wooden armoire , and even had a circular rug . 
 perhaps another might have found the room cramped and spartan , but to vin it seemed lavish . 
 she sat up , frowning . 
 it felt wrong to have a room all to herself . 
 she had always been crammed into tight bunkrooms ﬁlled with crewmembers . 
 even while traveling , she had slept in beggars ' alleys or rebel caves , and reen had been there with her . 
 she had always been forced to ﬁght to ﬁnd privacy . 
 being given it so easily seemed to devalue the years she had spent relishing her brief moments of solitude . 
 she slipped out of bed , not bothering to open the shutters . 
 the sunlight was faint , which meant it was still early morning , but she could already hear people moving in the hallway . 
 she crept to the door , creaking it open and peeking out . 
 after leaving kelsier the night before , dockson had led vin to clubs 's shop . 
 because of the late hour , clubs had immediately led them to their separate rooms . 
 vin , however , had not gone to bed immediately . 
 she had waited until everyone was asleep , then had snuck out to inspect her surroundings . 
 the residence was almost more of an inn than it was a shop . 
 though it had a showroom below and a large workshop in the back , the building 's second ﬂoor was dominated by several long hallways lined with guestrooms . 
 there was a third ﬂoor , and the doors were more widely spaced there , implying larger rooms . 
 she had n't tapped for trapdoors or false walls-the noise might have awakened someone-but experience told her that it would n't be a proper lair if it did n't have at least a secret basement and some bolt-holes . 
 overall , she was impressed . 
 the carpentry equipment and half-ﬁnished projects below indicated a reputable , working front . 
 the lair was secure , well stocked , and well maintained . 
 watching through the crack in her door , vin made out a group of about six groggy young men coming out of the hallway opposite her own . 
 they wore simple clothing , and made their way down the stairs toward the workroom . 
 apprentice carpenters , vin thought . 
 that 's clubs 's front - he 's a skaa craftsman . 
 most skaa lived lives of drudgery on the plantations ; even those who lived in a city were generally forced to do menial labor . 
 however , some talented few were allowed a trade . 
 they were still skaa ; they were paid poorly and were always subject to the whims of the nobility . 
 however , they had a measure of freedom that most skaa would envy . 
 clubs was probably a master carpenter . 
 what would entice such a man-one who had , by skaa standards , an amazing life-to risk joining the underground ? 
 he is a misting , vin thought . 
 kelsier and dockson called him a `` smoker . '' 
 she would probably have to ﬁgure out what that meant on her own ; experience told her that a powerful man like kelsier would withhold knowledge from her as long as he could , stringing her along with occasional tidbits . 
 his knowledge was what bound her to him-it would be unwise to give away too much too quickly . 
 footsteps sounded outside , and vin continued to peek through the crack . 
 `` you 'll want to get ready , vin , '' dockson said as he passed her door . 
 he wore a nobleman 's dress shirt and slacks , and he already looked awake and trim . 
 he paused , continuing . 
 `` there 's a fresh bath for you in the room at the end of the hallway , and i had clubs scrounge you up a few changes of clothing . 
 they should ﬁt well enough until we can get you something more appropriate . 
 take your time in the bath - kell 's planned a meeting for this afternoon , but we ca n't start until breeze and ham arrive . '' 
 dockson smiled , eyeing her through the cracked door , then continued on down the hallway . 
 vin ﬂushed at being caught . 
 these are observant men . 
 i 'm going to have to remember that . 
 the hallway grew quiet . 
 she slipped out her door and crept down to the indicated room , and was half surprised to ﬁnd that there was indeed a warm bath waiting for her . 
 she frowned , studying the tiled chamber and metal tub . 
 the water smelled scented , after the fashion of noble ladies . 
 these men are more like noblemen than skaa , vin thought . 
 she was n't certain what she thought of that . 
 however , they obviously expected her to do as they did , so she closed and bolted the door , then disrobed and crawled into the tub . 
 she smelled funny . 
 even though the scent was faint , vin still caught whiffs of herself occasionally . 
 it was the smell of a passing noblewoman , the scent of a perfumed drawer opened by her brother 's burgling ﬁngers . 
 the smell grew less noticeable as the morning progressed , but it still worried her . 
 it would distinguish her from other skaa . 
 if this crew expected her to take those baths regularly , she would have to request that the perfumes be removed . 
 the morning meal was more up to her expectations . 
 several skaa women of various ages worked the shop 's kitchen , preparing baywraps-rolls of thin , ﬂat bread stuffed with boiled barley and vegetables . 
 vin stood by the kitchen doorway , watching the women work . 
 none of them smelled like she did , though they were far more cleanly and well groomed than average skaa . 
 in fact , there was an odd sense of cleanliness to the entire building . 
 she had n't noticed it the night before , because of the darkness , but the ﬂoor was scrubbed clean . 
 all of the workers-kitchen women or apprentices-had clean faces and hands . 
 it felt odd to vin . 
 she was accustomed to her own ﬁngers being black with ashstains ; with reen , if she 'd ever washed her face , she had quickly rubbed it with ash again . 
 a clean face stood out on the streets . 
 no ash in the corners , she thought , eyeing the ﬂoor . 
 the room is kept swept . 
 she 'd never lived in such a place before . 
 it was almost like living in some nobleman 's house . 
 she glanced back at the kitchen women . 
 they wore simple dresses of white and gray , with scarves around the tops of their heads and long tails of hair hanging out the back . 
 vin ﬁngered her own hair . 
 she kept it short , like a boy 's - her current , ragged cut had been given by one of the other crewmembers . 
 she was n't like these women-she never had been . 
 by reen 's command , vin had lived so that other crewmembers would think of her as a thief ﬁrst and a girl second . 
 but , what am i now ? 
 perfumed by her bath , yet wearing the tan trousers and buttoning shirt of an apprentice craftsman , she felt distinctly out of place . 
 and that was bad-if she felt awkward , then she undoubtedly looked awkward too . 
 something else to make her stand out . 
 vin turned , eyeing the workroom . 
 the apprentices were already about their morning labors , working on various bits of furniture . 
 they stayed in the back while clubs worked in the main showroom , putting detailed ﬁnishing touches on the pieces . 
 the back kitchen door suddenly slammed open . 
 vin slipped reﬂexively to the side , putting her back to a wall and peeking around into the kitchen . 
 ham stood in the kitchen doorway , framed by red sunlight . 
 he wore a loose shirt and vest , both sleeveless , and carried several large packs . 
 he was n't dirtied by soot-none of the crew had ever been , the few times vin had seen them . 
 ham walked through the kitchen and into the workroom . 
 `` so , '' he said , dropping his packs , `` anyone know which room is mine ? '' 
 `` i 'll ask master cladent , '' one of the apprentices said , moving into the front room . 
 ham smiled , stretching , then turned toward vin . 
 `` morning , vin . 
 you know , you do n't have to hide from me . 
 we 're on the same team . '' 
 vin relaxed but remained where she was , standing beside a line of mostly ﬁnished chairs . 
 `` you 're going to live here too ? '' 
 `` it always pays to stay near the smoker , '' ham said , turning and disappearing back into the kitchen . 
 he returned a moment later with a stack of four large baywraps . 
 `` anyone know where kell is ? '' 
 `` sleeping , '' vin said . 
 `` he came in late last night , and has n't gotten up yet . '' 
 ham grunted , taking a bite of a baywrap . 
 `` dox ? '' 
 `` in his room on the third ﬂoor , '' vin said . 
 `` he got up early , came down to get something to eat , and went back upstairs . '' 
 she did n't add that she knew , from peeking through the keyhole , that he was sitting at his desk scribbling on some papers . 
 ham raised an eyebrow . 
 `` you always keep track of where everyone is like that ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 ham paused , then chuckled . 
 `` you 're an odd kid , vin . '' 
 he gathered up his packs as the apprentice returned , and the two moved up the stairs . 
 vin stood , listening to their footsteps . 
 they stopped about halfway down the ﬁrst hallway , perhaps a few doors from her room . 
 the scent of steamed barley enticed her . 
 vin eyed the kitchen . 
 ham had gone in and taken food . 
 was she allowed to do the same ? 
 trying to look conﬁdent , vin strode into the kitchen . 
 a pile of baywraps sat on a platter , probably to be delivered to the apprentices as they worked . 
 vin picked up two of them . 
 none of the women objected ; in fact , a few of them even nodded respectfully toward her . 
 i 'm an important person now , she thought with a measure of discomfort . 
 did they know that she was ... mistborn ? 
 or was she simply treated with respect because she was a guest ? 
 eventually , vin took a third baywrap and ﬂed to her room . 
 it was more food than she could possibly eat ; however , she intended to scrape out the barley and save the ﬂatbread , which would keep well should she need it later . 
 a knock came at her door . 
 vin answered it , pulling the door open with a careful motion . 
 a young man stood outside-the boy who had been with clubs back at camon 's lair the night before . 
 thin , tall , and awkward-looking , he was dressed in gray clothing . 
 he was perhaps fourteen , though his height might have made him look older than he was . 
 he seemed nervous for some reason . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 `` um ... '' vin frowned . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` you 're wanted , '' he said in a thick eastern accent . 
 `` ups in the where above with the doing . 
 with master jumps to the third ﬂoor . 
 uh , i 've got ta go . '' 
 the boy blushed , then turned and hurried away , scrambling up the stairs . 
 vin stood in the doorway of her room , dumbfounded . 
 was that supposed to make any sense ? 
 she wondered . 
 she peeked into the hallway . 
 the boy had seemed like he expected her to follow him . 
 finally , she decided to do so , carefully making her way up the steps . 
 voices were coming from an open door at the end of the hallway . 
 vin approached and peeked around the corner to ﬁnd a well-decorated room , set with a ﬁne rug and comfortable-looking chairs . 
 a hearth burned at the side of the room , and the chairs were arranged to point toward a large charcoal writing board set atop an easel . 
 kelsier stood , leaning one elbow resting against the brick hearth , a cup of wine in his hand . 
 angling herself slightly , vin could see that he was talking to breeze . 
 the soother had arrived well into midday , and had appropriated half of clubs 's apprentices to unload his possessions . 
 vin had watched from her window as the apprentices had carried the luggage - disguised as boxes of lumber scraps-up to breeze 's room . 
 breeze himself had n't bothered to help . 
 ham was there , as was dockson , and clubs was settling himself into the large , overstuffed chair farthest from breeze . 
 the boy who had fetched vin sat on a stool beside clubs , and he was obviously making a point of trying not to look at her . 
 the ﬁnal occupied chair held the man yeden , dressed-as before-in common skaa worker 's clothing . 
 he sat in his chair without resting against its back , as if he disapproved of its plushness . 
 his face was darkened with soot , as vin expected of a skaa worker . 
 there were two empty chairs . 
 kelsier noticed vin standing by the doorway , and gave her one of his inviting smiles . 
 `` well , there she is . 
 come in . '' 
 vin scanned the room . 
 there was a window , though its shutters were closed against approaching gloom . 
 the only chairs were the ones in kelsier 's half circle . 
 resigned , she moved forward and took the empty chair beside dockson . 
 it was too big for her , and she settled into it with her knees folded beneath her . 
 `` that 's all of us , '' kelsier said . 
 `` who 's the last chair for ? '' 
 ham asked . 
 kelsier smiled , winked , but ignored the question . 
 `` all right , let 's talk . 
 we 've got something of a task ahead of ourselves , and the sooner we begin outlining a plan , the better . '' 
 `` i thought you had a plan , '' yeden said uncomfortably . 
 `` i have a framework , '' kelsier said . 
 `` i know what needs to happen , and i have a few ideas on how to do it . 
 but , you do n't gather a group like this and just tell them what to do . 
 we need to work this out together , beginning with a list of problems we need to deal with if we want the plan to work . '' 
 `` well , '' ham said , `` let me get the framework straight ﬁrst . 
 the plan is to gather yeden an army , cause chaos in luthadel , secure the palace , steal the lord ruler 's atium , then leave the government to collapse ? '' 
 `` essentially , '' kelsier said . 
 `` then , '' ham said , `` our main problem is the garrison . 
 if we want chaos in luthadel , then we ca n't have twenty thousand troops here to keep the peace . 
 not to mention the fact that yeden 's troops will never take the city while there is any sort of armed resistance on the walls . '' 
 kelsier nodded . 
 picking up a piece of chalk , he wrote luthadel garrison up on the board . 
 `` what else ? '' 
 `` we 'll need a way to make said chaos in luthadel , '' breeze said , gesturing with a cup of wine . 
 `` your instincts are right , my dear man . 
 this city is where the ministry makes its headquarters and the great houses run their mercantile empires . 
 we 'll need to bring luthadel down if we want to break the lord ruler 's ability to govern . '' 
 `` mentioning the nobility brings up another point , '' dockson added . 
 `` the great houses all have guard forces in the city , not to mention their allomancers . 
 if we 're going to deliver the city to yeden , we 'll have to deal with those noblemen . '' 
 kelsier nodded , writing chaos and great houses beside luthadel garrison on his board . 
 `` the ministry , '' clubs said , leaning back in his plush chair so much that vin almost could n't see his grumpy face . 
 `` there 'll be no change in government as long as the steel inquisitors have anything to say about it . '' 
 kelsier added ministry to the board . 
 `` what else ? '' 
 `` atium , '' ham said . 
 `` you might as well write it up there - we 'll need to secure the palace quickly , once general mayhem starts , and make certain nobody else takes the opportunity to slip into the treasury . '' 
 kelsier nodded , writing atium : secure treasury on the board . 
 `` we will need to ﬁnd a way to gather yeden 's troops , '' breeze added . 
 `` we 'll have to be quiet , but quick , and train them somewhere that the lord ruler wo n't ﬁnd them . '' 
 `` we also might want to make certain that the skaa rebellion is ready to take control of luthadel , '' dockson added . 
 `` seizing the palace and digging in will make for a spectacular story , but it would be nice if yeden and his people were actually ready to govern , once this is all over . '' 
 troops and skaa rebellion were added to the board . 
 `` and , '' kelsier said , `` i 'm going to add ` lord ruler . ' 
 we 'll at least want a plan to get him out of the city , should other options fail . '' 
 after writing lord ruler on the list , he turned back toward the group . 
 `` did i forget anything ? '' 
 `` well , '' yeden said dryly , `` if you 're listing problems we 'll have to overcome , you should write up there that we 're all bloody insane-though i doubt we can ﬁx that fact . '' 
 the group chuckled , and kelsier wrote yeden 's bad attitude on the board . 
 then he stepped back , looking over the list . 
 `` when you break it down like that , it does n't sound so bad , does it ? '' 
 vin frowned , trying to decide if kelsier was attempting a joke or not . 
 the list was n't just daunting-it was disturbing . 
 twenty thousand imperial soldiers ? 
 the collected forces and power of the high nobility ? 
 the ministry ? 
 one steel inquisitor was said to be more powerful than a thousand troops . 
 more discomforting , however , was how matter-of-factly they regarded the issues . 
 how could they even think of resisting the lord ruler ? 
 he was ... well , he was the lord . 
 he ruled all of the world . 
 he was the creator , protector , and punisher of mankind . 
 he had saved them from the deepness , then had brought the ash and the mists as a punishment for the people 's lack of faith . 
 vin was n't particularly religious - intelligent thieves knew to avoid the steel ministry-but even she knew the legends . 
 and yet , the group regarded their list of `` problems '' with determination . 
 there was a grim mirth about them-as if they understood that they had a better chance of making the sun rise at night than they did of overthrowing the final empire . 
 yet , they were still going to try . 
 `` by the lord ruler , '' vin whispered . 
 `` you 're serious . 
 you really mean to do this . '' 
 `` do n't use his name as an oath , vin , '' kelsier said . 
 `` even blasphemy honors him-when you curse by that creature 's name , you acknowledge him as your god . '' 
 vin fell silent , sitting back in her chair , a bit numb . 
 `` anyway , '' kelsier said , smiling lightly . 
 `` anyone have any ideas on how to overcome these problems ? 
 besides yeden 's attitude , of course-we all know he 's hopeless . '' 
 the room was quiet and thoughtful . 
 `` thoughts ? '' 
 kelsier asked . 
 `` angles ? 
 impressions ? '' 
 breeze shook his head . 
 `` now that it 's all up there , i ca n't help wondering if the child has a point . 
 this is a daunting task . '' 
 `` but it can be done , '' kelsier said . 
 `` let 's start by talking about how to break the city . 
 what can we do that would be so threatening that it would throw the nobility into chaos , maybe even get the palace guard out into the city , exposing them to our troops ? 
 something that would distract the ministry , and the lord ruler himself , while we move our troops in to attack ? '' 
 `` well , a general revolution among the populace comes to mind , '' ham said . 
 `` wo n't work , '' yeden said ﬁrmly . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 ham asked . 
 `` you know how the people are treated . 
 they live in slums , work in mills and smithies the entire day , and half of them still starve . '' 
 yeden shook his head . 
 `` do n't you understand ? 
 the rebellion has been trying for a thousand years to get the skaa in this city to rise up . 
 it never works . 
 they 're too beaten down - they do n't have the will or the hope to resist . 
 that 's why i had to come to you to get an army . '' 
 the room fell still . 
 vin , however , slowly nodded her head . 
 she 'd seen it-she 'd felt it . 
 one did n't ﬁght the lord ruler . 
 even living as a thief , crouching at the edge of society , she knew that . 
 there would be no rebellion . 
 `` he 's right , i 'm afraid , '' kelsier said . 
 `` the skaa wo n't rise up , not in their current state . 
 if we 're going to overthrow this government , we 'll need to do it without the help of the masses . 
 we can probably recruit our soldiers from among them , but we ca n't count on the general populace . '' 
 `` could we cause a disaster of some sort ? '' 
 ham asked . 
 `` a ﬁre maybe ? '' 
 kelsier shook his head . 
 `` it might disrupt trade for a while , but i doubt it would have the effect we want . 
 besides , the cost in skaa lives would be too high . 
 the slums would burn , not stone nobleman keeps . '' 
 breeze sighed . 
 `` what , then , would you have us do ? '' 
 kelsier smiled , eyes twinkling . 
 `` what if we turned the great houses against each other ? '' 
 breeze paused . 
 `` a house war . . '' 
 he said , taking a speculative sip of his wine . 
 `` it 's been a while since the city had one of those . '' 
 `` which means that tensions have had plenty of time to brew , '' kelsier said . 
 `` the high nobility are growing increasingly powerful-the lord ruler barely has control over them anymore , which is why we have a chance of shattering his grip . 
 luthadel 's great houses are the key-they control imperial trade , not to mention enslave the greatest majority of the skaa . '' 
 kelsier pointed at the board , moving his ﬁnger between the line that said chaos and the line that said great houses . 
 `` if we can turn the houses inside luthadel against each other , we can bring down the city . 
 mistborn will start assassinating house leaders . 
 fortunes will collapse . 
 it wo n't take long before there is open warfare in the streets . 
 part of our contract with yeden states that we 'll give him an opening to seize the city for himself . 
 can you think of a better one than that ? '' 
 breeze nodded with a smile . 
 `` it has ﬂair-and i do like the idea of having the noblemen kill each other . '' 
 `` you always like it better when someone else does the work , breeze , '' ham noted . 
 `` my dear friend , '' breeze replied , `` the entire point of life is to ﬁnd ways to get others to do your work for you . 
 do n't you know anything about basic economics ? '' 
 ham raised an eyebrow . 
 `` actually , i - '' `` it was a rhetorical question , ham , '' breeze interrupted , rolling his eyes . 
 `` those are the best kind ! '' 
 ham replied . 
 `` philosophy later , ham , '' kelsier said . 
 `` stay on task . 
 what do you think of my suggestion ? '' 
 `` it could work , '' ham said , settling back . 
 `` but i ca n't see the lord ruler letting things go that far . '' 
 `` it 's our job to see that he does n't have a choice , '' kelsier said . 
 `` he 's known to let his nobility squabble , probably to keep them off-balance . 
 we fan those tensions , then we somehow force the garrison to pull out . 
 when the houses start ﬁghting in earnest , the lord ruler wo n't be able to do anything to stop them-except , perhaps , send his palace guard into the streets , which is exactly what we want him to do . '' 
 `` he could also send for a koloss army , '' ham noted . 
 `` true , '' kelsier said . 
 `` but they 're stationed a moderate distance away . 
 that 's a ﬂaw we need to exploit . 
 koloss troops make wonderful grunts , but they have to be kept away from civilized cities . 
 the very center of the final empire is exposed , yet the lord ruler is conﬁdent in his strength-and why should n't he be ? 
 he has n't faced a serious threat in centuries . 
 most cities only need small policing forces . '' 
 `` twenty thousand men is hardly a ` small ' number , '' breeze said . 
 `` it is on a national scale , '' kelsier said , holding up a ﬁnger . 
 `` the lord ruler keeps most of his troops on the edges of his empire , where the threat of rebellion is strongest . 
 that 's why we 're going to strike him here , in luthadel itself-and that 's why we 're going to succeed . '' 
 `` assuming we can deal with that garrison , '' dockson noted . 
 kelsier nodded , turning to write house war underneath great houses and chaos . 
 `` all right , then . 
 let 's talk about the garrison . 
 what are we going to do about it ? '' 
 `` well , '' ham said speculatively , `` historically , the best way to deal with a large force of soldiers is to have your own large force of soldiers . 
 we 're going to raise yeden an army-why not let them attack the garrison ? 
 is n't that kind of the point of raising the army in the ﬁrst place ? '' 
 `` that wo n't work , hammond , '' breeze said . 
 he regarded his empty cup of wine , then held it up toward the boy sitting beside clubs , who immediately scurried over to reﬁll it . 
 `` if we wanted to defeat the garrison , '' breeze continued , `` we 'd need our own force of at least its same size . 
 we 'd probably want one much larger , since our men will be newly trained . 
 we might be able to raise yeden an army-we might even be able to get him one large enough to hold the city for a while . 
 but , getting him one large enough to take on the garrison inside its fortiﬁcations ? 
 we might as well give up now , if that 's our plan . '' 
 the group fell silent . 
 vin squirmed in her chair , looking over each man in turn . 
 breeze 's words had a profound effect . 
 ham opened his mouth to speak , then closed it again , sitting back to reconsider . 
 `` all right , '' kelsier ﬁnally said . 
 `` we 'll get back to the garrison in a moment . 
 let 's look at our own army . 
 how can we raise one of substantial size and hide it from the lord ruler ? '' 
 `` again , that will be difﬁcult , '' breeze said . 
 `` there is a very good reason why the lord ruler feels safe in the central dominance . 
 there are constant patrols on the roadways and canals , and you can hardly spend a day traveling without running into a village or plantation . 
 this is n't the sort of place where you can raise an army without attracting notice . '' 
 `` the rebellion has those caves up to the north , '' dockson said . 
 `` we might be able to hide some men there . '' 
 yeden paled . 
 `` you know about the arguois caverns ? '' 
 kelsier rolled his eyes . 
 `` even the lord ruler knows about them , yeden . 
 the rebels there just are n't dangerous enough to bother him yet . '' 
 `` how many people do you have , yeden ? '' 
 ham asked . 
 `` in luthadel and around it , caves included ? 
 what do we have to start with ? '' 
 yeden shrugged . 
 `` maybe three hundred-including women and children . '' 
 `` and how many do you think those caves could hide ? '' 
 ham asked . 
 yeden shrugged again . 
 `` the caves could support a larger group , for certain , '' kelsier said . 
 `` perhaps ten thousand . 
 i 've been there-the rebellion has been hiding people in them for years , and the lord ruler has never bothered to destroy them . '' 
 `` i can imagine why , '' ham said . 
 `` cave ﬁghting is nasty business , especially for the aggressor . 
 the lord ruler likes to keep defeats to a minimum-he 's nothing if not vain . 
 anyway , ten thousand . 
 that 's a decent number . 
 it could hold the palace with ease-might even be able to hold the city , if it had the walls . '' 
 dockson turned to yeden . 
 `` when you asked for an army , what size were you thinking ? '' 
 `` ten thousand sounds like a good number , i suppose , '' yeden said . 
 `` actually ... it 's a bit larger than i was thinking . '' 
 breeze tipped his cup slightly , swirling the wine . 
 `` i hate to sound contrary again-that 's usually hammond 's job - but i do have to return to our earlier problem . 
 ten thousand men . 
 that wo n't even frighten the garrison . 
 we 're talking about twenty thousand well-armed , well-trained troops . '' 
 `` he has a point , kell , '' dockson said . 
 he had found a small book somewhere , and had begun taking notes on the meeting . 
 kelsier frowned . 
 ham nodded . 
 `` any way you look at it , kell , that garrison is going to be a tough stone to break . 
 perhaps we should just focus on the nobility . 
 maybe we can cause enough chaos that even the garrison wo n't be able to suppress it . '' 
 kelsier shook his head . 
 `` doubtful . 
 the garrison 's primary duty is to maintain order in the city . 
 if we ca n't deal with those troops , we 'll never pull this off . '' 
 he paused , then eyed vin . 
 `` what do you think , vin ? 
 any suggestions ? '' 
 she froze . 
 camon had never asked her opinion . 
 what did kelsier want from her ? 
 she pulled back into her chair slightly as she realized that the other members of the crew had turned , looking at her . 
 `` i. . . '' 
 vin said slowly . 
 `` oh , do n't intimidate the poor thing , kelsier , '' breeze said with a wave of his hand . 
 vin nodded , but kelsier did n't turn away from her . 
 `` no , really . 
 tell me what you 're thinking , vin . 
 you 've got a much larger enemy threatening you . 
 what do you do ? '' 
 `` well , '' she said slowly . 
 `` you do n't ﬁght him , that 's for certain . 
 even if you won somehow , you 'd be so hurt and broken that you could n't ﬁght off anyone else . '' 
 `` makes sense , '' dockson said . 
 `` but we might not have a choice . 
 we have to get rid of that army somehow . '' 
 `` and if it just left the city ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` that would work too ? 
 if i had to deal with someone big , i 'd try and distract him ﬁrst , get him to leave me alone . '' 
 ham chuckled . 
 `` good luck getting the garrison to leave luthadel . 
 the lord ruler sends squads out on patrol sometimes , but the only time i know of the entire garrison leaving was when that skaa rebellion broke out down in courteline a half century ago . '' 
 dockson shook his head . 
 `` vin 's idea is too good to dismiss that easily , i think . 
 really , we ca n't ﬁght the garrison-at least , not while they 're entrenched . 
 so , we need to get them to leave the city somehow . '' 
 `` yes , '' breeze said , `` but it would take a particular crisis to require involving the garrison . 
 if the problem were n't threatening enough , the lord ruler would n't send the entire garrison . 
 if it were too dangerous , he 'd hunker down and send for his koloss . '' 
 `` a rebellion in one of the nearby cities ? '' 
 ham suggested . 
 `` that leaves us with the same problem as before , '' kelsier said , shaking his head . 
 `` if we ca n't get the skaa here to rebel , we 'll never get ones outside the city to do so . '' 
 `` what about a feint of some sort , then ? '' 
 ham asked . 
 `` we 're assuming that we 'll be able to raise a sizable group of soldiers . 
 if they pretend to attack someplace nearby , perhaps the lord ruler would send the garrison out to help . '' 
 `` i doubt he 'd send them away to protect another city , '' breeze said . 
 `` not if it left him exposed in luthadel . '' 
 the group fell silent , thinking again . 
 vin glanced around , then found kelsier 's eyes on her . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he asked . 
 she squirmed a bit , glancing down . 
 `` how far away are the pits of hathsin ? '' 
 she ﬁnally asked . 
 the crew paused . 
 finally , breeze laughed . 
 `` oh , now that 's devious . 
 the nobility do n't know that the pits produce atium , so the lord ruler could n't make much of a fuss-not without revealing that there 's something very special about those pits . 
 that means no koloss . '' 
 `` they would n't arrive in time anyway , '' ham said . 
 `` the pits are only a couple of days away . 
 if they were threatened , the lord ruler would have to respond quickly . 
 the garrison would be the only force in striking distance . '' 
 kelsier smiled , eyes alight . 
 `` and it would n't take much of an army to threaten the pits , either . 
 a thousand men could do it . 
 we send them to attack , then when the garrison leaves , we march our second , larger force in and seize luthadel itself . 
 by the time the garrison realized that they 'd been duped , they would n't be able to get back in time to stop us from taking the city walls . '' 
 `` could we keep them , though ? '' 
 yeden asked apprehensively . 
 ham nodded eagerly . 
 `` with ten thousand skaa , i could hold this city against the garrison . 
 the lord ruler would have to send for his koloss . '' 
 `` by then , we 'd have the atium , '' kelsier said . 
 `` and the great houses wo n't be in any position to stop us-they 'll be weakened and frail because of their internal ﬁghting . '' 
 dockson was scribbling furiously on his pad . 
 `` we 'll need to use yeden 's caves , then . 
 they 're within striking distance of both our targets , and they 're closer to luthadel than the pits are . 
 if our army left from there , it could get here before the garrison could return from the pits . '' 
 kelsier nodded . 
 dockson continued to scribble . 
 `` i 'll have to start stockpiling supplies in those caves , maybe make a trip out to check conditions there . '' 
 `` and , how are we going to get the soldiers there ? '' 
 yeden asked . 
 `` that 's a week outside the city-and skaa are n't allowed to travel on their own . '' 
 `` i 've already got someone who can help us there , '' kelsier said , writing attack pits of hathsin beneath luthadel garrison on his board . 
 `` i have a friend that can give us a front to run canal boats to the north . '' 
 `` assuming , '' yeden said , `` you can even make good on your ﬁrst and primary promise . 
 i paid you to gather me an army . 
 ten thousand men is a great number , but i 've still to see an adequate explanation of how you 're going to raise them . 
 i 've already told you the kinds of problems we 've had trying to recruit in luthadel . '' 
 `` we wo n't need the general population to support us , '' kelsier said . 
 `` just a small percentage of them-there are nearly a million workers in and around luthadel . 
 this should actually be the easiest part of the plan , since we happen to be in the presence of one of the world 's greatest soothers . 
 breeze , i 'm counting on you and your allomancers to force us up a nice selection of recruits . '' 
 breeze sipped his wine . 
 `` kelsier , my good man . 
 i wish you would n't use words like ` force ' in reference to my talents . 
 i simply encourage people . '' 
 `` well , can you encourage us up an army ? '' 
 dockson asked . 
 `` how much time do i have ? '' 
 breeze asked . 
 `` a year , '' kelsier said . 
 `` we 'll plan this to go off next fall . 
 assuming the lord ruler does gather his forces to attack yeden once we take the city , we might as well make him do it in the winter . '' 
 `` ten thousand men , '' breeze said with a smile , `` gathered from a resistant population in less than a year . 
 it would certainly be a challenge . '' 
 kelsier chuckled . 
 `` from you , that 's as good as a yes . 
 start in luthadel , then move to the surrounding cities . 
 we need people who are close enough to gather at the caves . '' 
 breeze nodded . 
 `` we 'll also need weapons and supplies , '' ham said . 
 `` and we 'll need to train the men . '' 
 `` i 've already got a plan to get weapons , '' kelsier said . 
 `` can you ﬁnd some men to do the training ? '' 
 ham paused thoughtfully . 
 `` probably . 
 i know some skaa soldiers who fought in one of the lord ruler 's suppression campaigns . '' 
 yeden paled . 
 `` traitors ! '' 
 ham shrugged . 
 `` most of them are n't proud of what they did , '' he said . 
 `` but most of them also like to eat . 
 it 's a hard world , yeden . '' 
 `` my people will never work with such men , '' yeden said . 
 `` they 'll have to , '' kelsier said sternly . 
 `` a large number of skaa rebellions fail because their men are poorly trained . 
 we 're going to give you an army of well-equipped , well-fed men-and i 'll be damned if i 'm going to let you get them slaughtered because they were never taught which end of the sword to hold . '' 
 kelsier paused , then eyed ham . 
 `` however , i do suggest that you ﬁnd men who are bitter against the final empire for what it forced them to do . 
 i do n't trust men whose loyalty only goes as far as the boxings in their pockets . '' 
 ham nodded , and yeden quieted . 
 kelsier turned , writing ham : training and breeze : recruitment beneath troops on the board . 
 `` i 'm interested in your plan to get weapons , '' breeze said . 
 `` how , exactly , do you intend to arm ten thousand men without making the lord ruler suspicious ? 
 he keeps a very careful eye on the armament ﬂows . '' 
 `` we could make the weapons , '' clubs said . 
 `` i have enough extra wood that we could churn out a war staff or two every day . 
 could probably get you some arrows too . '' 
 `` i appreciate the offer , clubs , '' kelsier said . 
 `` and i think that 's a good idea . 
 however , we 're going to need more than staves . 
 we 'll need swords , shields , and armor-and we need them quickly enough to begin training . '' 
 `` how , then , are you going to do it ? '' 
 breeze asked . 
 `` the great houses can get weapons , '' kelsier said . 
 `` they do n't have any problems arming their personal retinues . '' 
 `` you want us to steal from them ? '' 
 kelsier shook his head . 
 `` no , for once we 're going to do things somewhat legally-we 're going to buy our weapons . 
 or , rather , we 're going to have a sympathetic nobleman buy them for us . '' 
 clubs laughed bluntly . 
 `` a nobleman sympathetic to the skaa ? 
 it will never happen . '' 
 `` well , ` never ' happened a short time ago , then , '' kelsier said lightly . 
 `` because i 've already found someone to help us . '' 
 the room fell silent save for the crackling of the ﬁreplace . 
 vin squirmed slightly in her chair , glancing at the others . 
 they seemed shocked . 
 `` who ? '' 
 ham asked . 
 `` his name is lord renoux , '' kelsier said . 
 `` he arrived in the area a few days back . 
 he 's staying in fellise-he does n't quite have enough inﬂuence to establish himself in luthadel . 
 besides , i think it 's prudent to keep renoux 's activities a bit removed from the lord ruler . '' 
 vin cocked her head . 
 fellise was a small , suburb-style city an hour outside of luthadel ; she and reen had worked there before moving into the capital city . 
 how had kelsier recruited this lord renoux ? 
 had he bribed the man , or was it some sort of scam ? 
 `` i know of renoux , '' breeze said slowly . 
 `` he 's a western lord ; he has a great deal of power in the farmost dominance . '' 
 kelsier nodded . 
 `` lord renoux recently decided to try and elevate his family to high noble status . 
 his ofﬁcial story is that he came south in order to expand his mercantile efforts . 
 he hopes that by shipping ﬁne southern weaponry to the north , he can earn enough money-and make enough connections-to build himself a keep in luthadel by the end of the decade . '' 
 the room was quiet . 
 `` but , '' ham said slowly , `` those weapons will be coming to us instead . '' 
 kelsier nodded . 
 `` we 'll have to fake the shipping records , just in case . '' 
 `` that 's . . 
 quite an ambitious front , kell , '' ham said . 
 `` a lord 's family working on our side . '' 
 `` but , '' breeze said , looking confused . 
 `` kelsier , you hate noblemen . '' 
 `` this one 's different , '' kelsier said with a sly smile . 
 the crew studied kelsier . 
 they did n't like working with a nobleman ; vin could tell that much easily . 
 it probably did n't help that renoux was so powerful . 
 suddenly , breeze laughed . 
 he leaned back in his chair , downing the last of his wine . 
 `` you blessed madman ! 
 you killed him , did n't you ? 
 renoux-you killed him and replaced him with an impostor . '' 
 kelsier 's smile broadened . 
 yeden cursed , but ham simply smiled . 
 `` ah . 
 now that makes sense . 
 or , at least , it makes sense if you 're kelsier the foolhardy . '' 
 `` renoux is going to take up permanent residence in fellise , '' kelsier said . 
 `` he 'll be our front if we need to do anything ofﬁcial . 
 i 'll use him to purchase armaments and supplies , for instance . '' 
 breeze nodded thoughtfully . 
 `` efﬁcient . '' 
 `` efﬁcient ? '' 
 yeden asked . 
 `` you 've killed a nobleman ! 
 a very important one . '' 
 `` you 're planning to overthrow the entire empire , yeden , '' kelsier noted . 
 `` renoux is n't going to be the last aristocratic casualty in this little endeavor . '' 
 `` yes , but impersonating him ? '' 
 yeden asked . 
 `` that sounds a little risky to me . '' 
 `` you hired us because you wanted extraordinary results , my dear man , '' breeze said , sipping his wine . 
 `` in our line of work , extraordinary results usually require extraordinary risks . '' 
 `` we minimize them as best we can , yeden , '' kelsier said . 
 `` my actor is very good . 
 however , these are the sorts of things we 're going to be doing in this job . '' 
 `` and if i order you to stop a few of them ? '' 
 yeden asked . 
 `` you can shut down the job at any time , '' dockson said , not looking up from his ledgers . 
 `` but as long as it is in motion , kelsier has ﬁnal say on plans , objectives , and procedures . 
 that is how we work ; you knew that when you hired us . '' 
 yeden shook his head ruefully . 
 `` well ? '' 
 kelsier asked . 
 `` do we continue or not ? 
 the call is yours , yeden . '' 
 `` feel free to call an end to it , friend , '' breeze said with a helpful voice . 
 `` do n't be afraid of offending us . 
 i , for one , look favorably upon free money . '' 
 vin saw yeden pale slightly . 
 in vin 's estimation , he was fortunate that kelsier had n't simply taken his money and stabbed him in the chest . 
 but , she was becoming increasingly convinced that was n't the way things worked around here . 
 `` this is insane , '' yeden said . 
 `` trying to overthrow the lord ruler ? '' 
 breeze asked . 
 `` why , yes , as a matter of fact , it is . '' 
 `` all right , '' yeden said , sighing . 
 `` we continue . '' 
 `` good , '' kelsier said , writing kelsier : equipment under troops . 
 `` the renoux front will also give us an ` in ' with luthadel high society . 
 this will be a very important advantage-we 'll need to keep careful track of great house politics if we 're going to start a war . '' 
 `` this house war might not be as easy to pull off as you think , kelsier , '' breeze warned . 
 `` the current lot of high noblemen is a careful , discriminating group . '' 
 kelsier smiled . 
 `` then it 's good that you 're here to help , breeze . 
 you 're an expert at making people do what you want - together , you and i will plan how to make the high nobility turn on each other . 
 major house wars seem to happen every couple of centuries or so . 
 the current group 's competence will only make them more dangerous , so getting them riled up should n't be that hard . 
 in fact , i 've already started the process ... '' breeze raised an eyebrow , then glanced at ham . 
 the thug grumbled a bit , pulling out a golden ten-boxing coin and ﬂipping it across the room to the self-satisﬁed breeze . 
 `` what was that about ? '' 
 dockson asked . 
 `` we had a bet , '' breeze said , `` regarding whether or not kelsier was involved in last night 's disturbance . '' 
 `` disturbance ? '' 
 yeden asked . 
 `` what disturbance ? '' 
 `` someone attacked house venture , '' ham said . 
 `` the rumors claim that three full mistborn were sent to assassinate straff venture himself . '' 
 kelsier snorted . 
 `` three ? 
 straff certainly has an elevated opinion of himself . 
 i did n't go anywhere near his lordship . 
 i was there for the atium-and to make certain that i was seen . '' 
 `` venture is n't sure who to blame , '' breeze said . 
 `` but because mistborn were involved , everyone assumes that it was one of the great houses . '' 
 `` that was the idea , '' kelsier said happily . 
 `` the high nobility take mistborn attacks very seriously-they have an unspoken agreement that they wo n't use mistborn to assassinate each other . 
 a few more strikes like this , and i 'll have them snapping at each other like frightened animals . '' 
 he turned , adding breeze : planning and kelsier : general mayhem beneath great houses on the board . 
 `` anyway , '' kelsier continued , `` we 'll need to keep an eye on local politics to ﬁnd out which houses are making alliances . 
 that means sending a spy to some of their functions . '' 
 `` is that really necessary ? '' 
 yeden asked uncomfortably . 
 ham nodded . 
 `` it 's standard procedure for any luthadel job , actually . 
 if there is information to be had , it will pass through the lips of the court 's powerful . 
 it always pays to keep an open set of ears moving through their circles . '' 
 `` well , that should be easy , '' breeze said . 
 `` we just bring up your impostor and send him into the parties . '' 
 kelsier shook his head . 
 `` unfortunately , lord renoux himself wo n't be able to come to luthadel . '' 
 yeden frowned . 
 `` why not ? 
 wo n't your impostor hold up to close scrutiny ? '' 
 `` oh , he looks just like lord renoux , '' kelsier said . 
 `` exactly like lord renoux , actually . 
 we just ca n't let him get near an inquisitor ... '' `` ah , '' breeze said , exchanging a glance with ham . 
 `` one of those . 
 well , then . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 yeden asked . 
 `` what does he mean ? '' 
 `` you do n't want to know , '' breeze said . 
 `` i do n't ? '' 
 breeze shook his head . 
 `` you know how unsettled you just were when kelsier said he 'd replaced lord renoux with an impostor ? 
 well , this is about a dozen times worse . 
 trust me - the less you know , the more comfortable you 'll be . '' 
 yeden looked toward kelsier , who was smiling broadly . 
 yeden paled , then leaned back in his chair . 
 `` i think you 're probably right . '' 
 vin frowned , eying the others in the room . 
 they seemed to know what kelsier was talking about . 
 she 'd have to study this lord renoux sometime . 
 `` anyway , '' kelsier said , `` we have to send someone to the social functions . 
 dox , therefore , will be playing renoux 's nephew and heir , a scion of the family who has recently gained favor with lord renoux . '' 
 `` wait a moment , kell , '' dockson said . 
 `` you did n't tell me about this . '' 
 kelsier shrugged . 
 `` we 're going to need someone to be our dupe with the nobility . 
 i assumed that you 'd ﬁt the role . '' 
 `` ca n't be me , '' dockson said . 
 `` i got marked during the eiser job just a couple months back . '' 
 kelsier frowned . 
 `` what ? '' 
 yeden asked . 
 `` do i want to know what they 're talking about this time ? '' 
 `` he means that the ministry is watching for him , '' breeze said . 
 `` he pretended to be a nobleman , and they found out . '' 
 dockson nodded . 
 `` the lord ruler himself saw me on one occasion , and he 's got a ﬂawless memory . 
 even if i managed to avoid him , someone 's bound to recognize me eventually . '' 
 `` so ... '' yeden said . 
 `` so , '' kelsier said , `` we 'll need someone else to play lord renoux 's heir . '' 
 `` do n't look at me , '' yeden said apprehensively . 
 `` trust me , '' kelsier said ﬂatly , `` nobody was . 
 clubs is out too-he 's far too prominent a local skaa craftsman . '' 
 `` i 'm out as well , '' breeze said . 
 `` i already have several aliases among the nobility . 
 i suppose i could use one of them , but i could n't go to any major balls or parties-it would be rather embarrassing if i met someone who knew me by a different alias . '' 
 kelsier frowned thoughtfully . 
 `` i could do it , '' ham said . 
 `` but you know i 'm no good at acting . '' 
 `` what about my nephew ? '' 
 clubs said , nodding to the young man at his side . 
 kelsier studied the boy . 
 `` what 's your name , son ? '' 
 `` lestibournes . '' 
 kelsier raised an eyebrow . 
 `` that 's a mouthful . 
 you do n't have a nickname ? '' 
 `` not of the yetting yet . '' 
 `` we 'll have to work on that , '' kelsier said . 
 `` do you always speak in that eastern street slang ? '' 
 the boy shrugged , obviously nervous at being such a center of attention . 
 `` wasing the place when i was young . '' 
 kelsier glanced at dockson , who shook his head . 
 `` i do n't think it 's a good idea , kell . '' 
 `` agreed . '' 
 kelsier turned to vin , then smiled . 
 `` i guess that leaves you . 
 how good are you at imitating a noblewoman ? '' 
 vin paled slightly . 
 `` my brother gave me a few lessons . 
 but , i 've never actually tried to ... '' `` you 'll do ﬁne , '' kelsier said , writing vin : inﬁltration underneath great houses . 
 `` all right . 
 yeden , you should probably begin planning how you 're to keep control of the empire once this is all through . '' 
 yeden nodded . 
 vin felt a little sorry for the man , seeing how much the planning-the sheer outrageousness of it all - seemed to be overwhelming him . 
 still , it was hard to feel sympathy for him , considering what kelsier had just said regarding her part in all this . 
 playing a noblewoman ? 
 she thought . 
 surely there 's someone else who could do a better job ... breeze 's attention was still on yeden and his obvious discomfort . 
 `` do n't look so solemn , my dear fellow , '' breeze said . 
 `` why , you 'll probably never actually have to rule the city . 
 chances are , we 'll all get caught and executed long before that happens . '' 
 yeden smiled wanly . 
 `` and if we do n't ? 
 what 's to keep you all from just kniﬁng me and taking the empire for yourselves ? '' 
 breeze rolled his eyes . 
 `` we 're thieves , my dear man , not politicians . 
 a nation is far too unwieldy a commodity to be worth our time . 
 once we have our atium , we 'll be happy . '' 
 `` not to mention rich , '' ham added . 
 `` the two words are synonyms , hammond , '' breeze said . 
 `` besides , '' kelsier said to yeden . 
 `` we wo n't be giving you the entire empire-hopefully , it will shatter once luthadel destabilizes . 
 you 'll have this city , and probably a good piece of the central dominance-assuming you can bribe the local armies into supporting you . '' 
 `` and ... the lord ruler ? '' 
 yeden asked . 
 kelsier smiled . 
 `` i 'm still planning to deal with him personally-i just have to ﬁgure out how to make the eleventh metal work . '' 
 `` and if you do n't ? '' 
 `` well , '' kelsier said , writing yeden : preparation and rule beneath skaa rebellion on the board , `` we 'll try and ﬁnd a way to trick him out of the city . 
 perhaps we can get him to go with his army to the pits and secure things there . '' 
 `` then what ? '' 
 yeden asked . 
 `` you ﬁnd some way to deal with him , '' kelsier said . 
 `` you did n't hire us to kill the lord ruler , yeden-that 's just a possible perk i intend to throw in if i can . '' 
 `` i would n't worry too much , yeden , '' ham added . 
 `` he wo n't be able to do much without funds or armies . 
 he 's a powerful allomancer , but by no means omnipotent . '' 
 breeze smiled . 
 `` though , if you think about it , hostile , dethroned pseudodeities probably make disagreeable neighbors . 
 you 'll have to ﬁgure out something to do with him . '' 
 yeden did n't appear to like that idea much , but he did n't continue the argument . 
 kelsier turned . 
 `` that should be it , then . '' 
 `` uh , '' ham said , `` what about the ministry ? 
 should n't we at least ﬁnd a way to keep an eye on those inquisitors ? '' 
 kelsier smiled . 
 `` we 'll let my brother deal with them . '' 
 `` like hell you will , '' a new voice said from the back of the room . 
 vin jumped to her feet , spinning and glancing toward the room 's shadowed doorway . 
 a man stood there . 
 tall and broad-shouldered , he had a statuesque rigidity . 
 he wore modest clothing-a simple shirt and trousers with a loose skaa jacket . 
 his arms were folded in dissatisfaction , and he had a hard , square face that looked a bit familiar . 
 vin glanced back at kelsier . 
 the similarity was obvious . 
 `` marsh ? '' 
 yeden said , standing . 
 `` marsh , it is you ! 
 he promised you 'd be joining the job , but i. . . 
 well ... welcome back ! '' 
 marsh 's face remained impassive . 
 `` i 'm not certain if i 'm ` back ' or not , yeden . 
 if you all do n't mind , i 'd like to speak privately with my little brother . '' 
 kelsier did n't seem intimidated by marsh 's harsh tone . 
 he nodded to the group . 
 `` we 're done for the evening , folks . '' 
 the others rose slowly , giving marsh a wide berth as they left . 
 vin followed them , pulling the door shut and walking down the stairs to give the appearance of retiring to her room . 
 less than three minutes later she was back at the door , listening carefully to the conversation going on inside . 
 rashek is a tall man-of course , most of these terrismen are tall . 
 he is young to receive so much respect from the other packmen . 
 he has charisma , and the women of court would probably describe him as handsome , in a rugged sort of way . 
 yet , it amazes me that anyone would give heed to a man who speaks such hatred . 
 he has never seen khlennium , yet he curses the city . 
 he does not know me , yet i can already see the anger and hostility in his eyes . 
 7 three years had n't changed marsh 's appearance much . 
 he was still the stern , commanding person kelsier had known since childhood . 
 there was still that glint of disappointment in his eyes , and he spoke with the same air of disapproval . 
 yet , if dockson were to be believed , marsh 's attitudes had changed much since that day three years before . 
 kelsier still found it hard to believe that his brother had given up leadership of the skaa rebellion . 
 he had always been so passionate about his work . 
 apparently , that passion had dimmed . 
 marsh walked forward , regarding the charcoal writing board with a critical eye . 
 his clothing was stained slightly by dark ash , though his face was relatively clean , for a skaa . 
 he stood for a moment , looking over kelsier 's notes . 
 finally , marsh turned and tossed a sheet of paper onto the chair beside kelsier . 
 `` what is this ? '' 
 kelsier asked , picking it up . 
 `` the names of the eleven men you slaughtered last night , '' marsh said . 
 `` i thought you might at least want to know . '' 
 kelsier tossed the paper into the crackling hearth . 
 `` they served the final empire . '' 
 `` they were men , kelsier , '' marsh snapped . 
 `` they had lives , families . 
 several of them were skaa . '' 
 `` traitors . '' 
 `` people , '' marsh said . 
 `` people who were just trying to do the best with what life gave them . '' 
 `` well , i 'm just doing the same thing , '' kelsier said . 
 `` and , fortunately , life gave me the ability to push men like them off the tops of buildings . 
 if they want to stand against me like noblemen , then they can die like noblemen . '' 
 marsh 's expression darkened . 
 `` how can you be so ﬂippant about something like this ? '' 
 `` because , marsh , '' kelsier said , `` humor is the only thing i 've got left . 
 humor and determination . '' 
 marsh snorted quietly . 
 `` you should be happy , '' kelsier said . 
 `` after decades of listening to your lectures , i 've ﬁnally decided to do something worthwhile with my talents . 
 now that you 're here to help , i 'm sure - '' `` i 'm not here to help , '' marsh interrupted . 
 `` then why did you come ? '' 
 `` to ask you a question . '' 
 marsh stepped forward , stopping right in front of kelsier . 
 they were about the same height , but marsh 's stern personality always made him seem to loom taller . 
 `` how dare you do this ? '' 
 marsh asked quietly . 
 `` i dedicated my life to overthrowing the final empire . 
 while you and your thieving friends partied , i hid runaways . 
 while you planned petty burglaries , i organized raids . 
 while you lived in luxury , i watched brave people die of starvation . '' 
 marsh reached up , stabbing a ﬁnger at kelsier 's chest . 
 `` how dare you ? 
 how dare you try and hijack the rebellion for one of your little ` jobs ' ? 
 how dare you use this dream as a way of enriching yourself ? '' 
 kelsier pushed marsh 's ﬁnger away . 
 `` that 's not what this is about . '' 
 `` oh ? '' 
 marsh asked , tapping the word atium on the board . 
 `` why the games , kelsier ? 
 why lead yeden along , pretending to accept him as your 'em ployer ' ? 
 why act like you care about the skaa ? 
 we both know what you 're really after . '' 
 kelsier clenched his jaw , a bit of his humor melting away . 
 he always could do that to me . 
 `` you do n't know me anymore , marsh , '' kelsier said quietly . 
 `` this is n't about money-i once had more wealth than any man could spend . 
 this job is about something different . '' 
 marsh stood close , studying kelsier 's eyes , as if searching for truth in them . 
 `` you always were a good liar , '' he ﬁnally said . 
 kelsier rolled his eyes . 
 `` fine , think what you want . 
 but do n't preach to me . 
 overthrowing the empire might have been your dream once-but now you 've become a good little skaa , staying in your shop and fawning over noblemen when they visit . '' 
 `` i 've faced reality , '' marsh said . 
 `` something you 've never been good at . 
 even if you 're serious about this plan , you 'll fail . 
 everything the rebellion has done-the raids , the thefts , the deaths-has accomplished nothing . 
 our best efforts were never even a mild annoyance for the lord ruler . '' 
 `` ah , '' kelsier said , `` but being an annoyance is something that i am very good at . 
 in fact , i 'm far more than just a ` mild ' annoyance-people tell me i can be downright frustrating . 
 might as well use this talent for the cause of good , eh ? '' 
 marsh sighed , turning away . 
 `` this is n't about a 'cause , ' kelsier . 
 it 's about revenge . 
 it 's about you , just like everything always is . 
 i 'll believe that you are n't after the money - i 'll even believe that you intend to deliver yeden this army he 's apparently paying you for . 
 but i wo n't believe that you care . '' 
 `` that 's where you are wrong , marsh , '' kelsier said quietly . 
 `` that 's where you 've always been wrong about me . '' 
 marsh frowned . 
 `` perhaps . 
 how did this start , anyway ? 
 did yeden come to you , or did you go to him ? '' 
 `` does it matter ? '' 
 kelsier asked . 
 `` look , marsh . 
 i need someone to inﬁltrate the ministry . 
 this plan wo n't go anywhere if we do n't discover a way to keep an eye on those inquisitors . '' 
 marsh turned . 
 `` you actually expect me to help you ? '' 
 kelsier nodded . 
 `` that 's why you came here , no matter what you say . 
 you once told me that you thought i could do great things if i ever applied myself to a worthy goal . 
 well , that 's what i 'm doing now-and you 're going to help . '' 
 `` it 's not that easy anymore , kell , '' marsh said with a shake of his head . 
 `` some people are different now . 
 others are ... gone . '' 
 kelsier let the room grow quiet . 
 even the hearth 's ﬁre was starting to die out . 
 `` i miss her too . '' 
 `` i 'm sure that you do-but i have to be honest with you , kell . 
 despite what she did ... sometimes i wish that you had n't been the one to survive the pits . '' 
 `` i wish the same thing every day . '' 
 marsh turned , studying kelsier with his cold , discerning eyes . 
 the eyes of a seeker . 
 whatever he saw reﬂected inside of kelsier must have ﬁnally met with his approval . 
 `` i 'm leaving , '' marsh said . 
 `` but , for some reason you actually seem sincere this time . 
 i 'll come back and listen to whatever insane plan you 've concocted . 
 then ... well , we 'll see . '' 
 kelsier smiled . 
 beneath it all , marsh was a good man-a better one than kelsier had ever been . 
 as marsh turned toward the door , kelsier caught a ﬂicker of shadowed movement from beneath the doorway . 
 he immediately burned iron , and the translucent blue lines shot out from his body , connecting him to nearby sources of metal . 
 marsh , of course , had none on his person-not even any coins . 
 traveling through skaa sectors of town could be very dangerous for a man who looked even marginally prosperous . 
 someone else , however , had n't yet learned not to carry metal on her person . 
 the blue lines were thin and weak-they did n't do well penetrating wood-but they were just strong enough to let kelsier locate the belt latch of a person out in the hallway , moving quickly away from the door on silent feet . 
 kelsier smiled to himself . 
 the girl was remarkably skilled . 
 her time on the streets , however , had also left her with remarkable scars . 
 hopefully , he would be able to encourage the skills while helping heal the scars . 
 `` i 'll return tomorrow , '' marsh said as he reached the door . 
 `` just do n't come by too early , '' kelsier said with a wink . 
 `` i 've got some things to do tonight . '' 
 vin waited quietly in her darkened room , listening to footsteps clomp down the stairs to the ground ﬂoor . 
 she crouched beside her door , trying to determine if both sets had continued down the steps or not . 
 the hallway fell silent , and eventually she breathed a quiet sigh of relief . 
 a knock sounded on the door just inches from her head . 
 her start of surprise nearly knocked her to the ground . 
 he 's good ! 
 she thought . 
 she quickly rufﬂed her hair and rubbed her eyes , trying to make it appear as if she had been sleeping . 
 she untucked her shirt , and waited until the knock came again before pulling open the door . 
 kelsier lounged against the doorframe , backlit by the hallway 's single lantern . 
 the tall man raised an eyebrow at her disheveled state . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 vin asked , trying to sound drowsy . 
 `` so , what do you think of marsh ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' vin said , `` i did n't see much of him before he kicked us out . '' 
 kelsier smiled . 
 `` you 're not going to admit that i caught you , are you ? '' 
 vin almost smiled back . 
 reen 's training came to her rescue . 
 the man who wants you to trust him is the one you must fear the most . 
 her brother 's voice almost seemed to whisper in her head . 
 it had grown stronger since she 'd met kelsier , as if her instincts were on edge . 
 kelsier studied her for a moment , then stepped back from the doorframe . 
 `` tuck in that shirt and follow me . '' 
 vin frowned . 
 `` where are we going ? '' 
 `` to begin your training . '' 
 `` now ? '' 
 vin asked , glancing at the dark shutters to her room . 
 `` of course , '' kelsier said . 
 `` it 's a perfect night for a stroll . '' 
 vin straightened her clothing , joining him in the hallway . 
 if he actually planned to begin teaching her , then she was n't going to complain , no matter what the hour . 
 they walked down the steps to the ﬁrst ﬂoor . 
 the workroom was dark , furniture projects lying half ﬁnished in the shadows . 
 the kitchen , however , was bright with light . 
 `` just a minute , '' kelsier said , walking toward the kitchen . 
 vin paused just inside the shadows of the workroom , letting kelsier enter the kitchen without her . 
 she could just barely see inside . 
 dockson , breeze , and ham sat with clubs and his apprentices around a wide table . 
 wine and ale were present , though in small amounts , and the men were munching on a simple evening snack of puffed barley cakes and battered vegetables . 
 laughter trickled out into the workroom . 
 not raucous laughter , such as had often sounded from camon 's table . 
 this was something softer-something indicative of genuine mirth , of good-natured enjoyment . 
 vin was n't certain what kept her out of the room . 
 she hesitated-as if the light and the humor were a barrier-and she instead remained in the quiet , solemn workroom . 
 she watched from the darkness , however , and was n't completely able to suppress her longing . 
 kelsier returned a moment later , carrying his pack and a small cloth bundle . 
 vin regarded the bundle with curiosity , and he handed it to her with a smile . 
 `` a present . '' 
 the cloth was slick and soft in vin 's ﬁngers , and she quickly realized what it was . 
 she let the gray material unroll in her ﬁngers , revealing a mistborn cloak . 
 like the garment kelsier had worn the night before , it was tailored completely from separate , ribbonlike strips of cloth . 
 `` you look surprised , '' kelsier noted . 
 `` i. . . 
 assumed that i 'd have to earn this somehow . '' 
 `` what 's there to earn ? '' 
 kelsier said , pulling out his own cloak . 
 `` this is who you are , vin . '' 
 she paused , then threw the cloak over her shoulders and tied it on . 
 it felt ... different . 
 thick and heavy on her shoulders , but light and unconstraining around her arms and legs . 
 the ribbons were sewn together at the top , allowing her to pull it tight by the mantle if she wished . 
 she felt ... enveloped . 
 protected . 
 `` how does it feel ? '' 
 kelsier asked . 
 `` good , '' vin said simply . 
 kelsier nodded , pulling out several glass vials . 
 he handed two to her . 
 `` drink one ; keep the other in case you need it . 
 i 'll show you how to mix new vials later . '' 
 vin nodded , downing the ﬁrst vial and tucking the second into her belt . 
 `` i 'm having some new clothing tailored for you , '' kelsier said . 
 `` you 'll want to get into the habit of wearing things that do n't have any metal on them : belts with no buckles , shoes that slip on and off , trousers without clasps . 
 perhaps later , if you 're feeling daring , we 'll get you some women 's clothing . '' 
 vin ﬂushed slightly . 
 kelsier laughed . 
 `` i 'm just teasing you . 
 however , you 're entering a new world now-you may ﬁnd that there are situations where it will be to your advantage to look less like a crew thief and more like a young lady . '' 
 vin nodded , following kelsier as he walked to the shop 's front door . 
 he pushed the portal open , revealing a wall of darkly shifting mists . 
 he stepped out into them . 
 taking a deep breath , vin followed . 
 kelsier shut the door behind them . 
 the cobbled street felt mufﬂed to vin , the shifting mists making everything just a bit damp . 
 she could n't see far in either direction , and the street ends seemed to fade into nothingness , paths into eternity . 
 above , there was no sky , just swirling currents of gray upon gray . 
 `` all right , let 's begin , '' kelsier said . 
 his voice felt loud in the quiet , empty street . 
 there was a conﬁdence to his tone , something that-confronted with the mists all around-vin certainly did n't feel . 
 `` your ﬁrst lesson , '' kelsier said , strolling down the street , vin trailing along beside him , `` is n't about allomancy , but attitude . '' 
 he swept his hand forward . 
 `` this , vin . 
 this is ours . 
 the night , the mists-they belong to us . 
 skaa avoid the mists as if they were death . 
 thieves and soldiers go out at night , but they fear it nonetheless . 
 noblemen feign nonchalance , but the mist makes them uncomfortable . '' 
 he turned , regarding her . 
 `` the mists are your friend , vin . 
 they hide you , they protect you ... and they give you power . 
 ministry doctrine-something rarely shared with skaa - claims that the mistborn are descendants of the only men who remained true to the lord ruler during the days before his ascension . 
 other legends whisper that we are something beyond even the lord ruler 's power , something that was born on that day when the mists ﬁrst came upon the land . '' 
 vin nodded slightly . 
 it seemed odd to hear kelsier speak so openly . 
 buildings ﬁlled with sleeping skaa loomed on either side of the street . 
 and yet , the dark shutters and quiet air made vin feel as if she and kelsier were alone . 
 alone in the most densely populated , overcrowded city in all of the final empire . 
 kelsier continued to walk , the spring in his step incongruent with the dark gloom . 
 `` should n't we be worried about soldiers ? '' 
 vin asked quietly . 
 her crews always had to be careful of nighttime garrison patrols . 
 kelsier shook his head . 
 `` even if we were careless enough to be spotted , no imperial patrol would dare bother mistborn . 
 they 'd see our cloaks and pretend not to see us . 
 remember , nearly all mistborn are members of the great houses-and the rest are from lesser luthadel houses . 
 either way , they 're very important individuals . '' 
 vin frowned . 
 `` so , the guards just ignore the mistborn ? '' 
 kelsier shrugged . 
 `` it 's bad etiquette to acknowledge that the skulking rooftop ﬁgure you see is actually a very distinguished and proper high lord-or even high lady . 
 mistborn are so rare that houses ca n't afford to apply gender prejudices to them . 
 `` anyway , most mistborn live two lives-the life of the courtgoing aristocrat , and the life of the sneaking , spying allomancer . 
 mistborn identities are closely guarded house secrets-rumors regarding who is mistborn are always a focus of high noble gossip . '' 
 kelsier turned down another street , vin following , still a bit nervous . 
 she was n't certain where he was taking her ; it was easy to get lost in the night . 
 perhaps he did n't even have a destination , and was just accustoming her to the mists . 
 `` all right , '' kelsier said , `` let 's get you used to the basic metals . 
 can you feel your metal reserves ? '' 
 vin paused . 
 if she focused , she could distinguish eight sources of power within her-each one far larger , even , than her two had been on the day when kelsier had tested her . 
 she had been reticent to use her luck much since then . 
 she was coming to realize that she had been using a weapon she 'd never really understood-a weapon that had accidentally drawn the attention of a steel inquisitor . 
 `` begin burning them , one at a time , '' kelsier said . 
 `` burning ? '' 
 `` that 's what we call it when you activate an allomantic ability , '' kelsier said . 
 `` you ` burn ' the metal associated with that power . 
 you 'll see what i mean . 
 start with the metals you do n't know about yet-we 'll work on soothing and raging emotions some other time . '' 
 vin nodded , pausing in the middle of the street . 
 tentatively , she reached out to one of the new sources of power . 
 one of them was slightly familiar to her . 
 had she used it before without realizing it ? 
 what would it do ? 
 only one way to ﬁnd out ... uncertain what , exactly , she was supposed to do , vin gripped the source of power and tried to use it . 
 immediately , she felt a ﬂare of heat from within her chest . 
 it was n't discomforting , but it was obvious and distinct . 
 along with the warmth came something else-a feeling of rejuvenation , and of power . 
 she felt ... more solid , somehow . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 kelsier asked . 
 `` i feel different , '' vin said . 
 she held up her hand , and it seemed as if the limb reacted just a bit too quickly . 
 the muscles were eager . 
 `` my body is strange . 
 i do n't feel tired anymore , and i feel alert . '' 
 `` ah , '' kelsier said . 
 `` that 's pewter . 
 it enhances your physical abilities , making you stronger , more able to resist fatigue and pain . 
 you 'll react more quickly when you 're burning it , and your body will be tougher . '' 
 vin ﬂexed experimentally . 
 her muscles did n't seem any bigger , yet she could feel their strength . 
 it was n't just in her muscles , however-it was everything about her . 
 her bones , her ﬂesh , her skin . 
 she reached out to her reserve , and could feel it shrinking . 
 `` i 'm running out , '' she said . 
 kelsier nodded . 
 `` pewter burns relatively quickly . 
 the vial i gave you was measured to contain about ten minutes ' worth of continuous burning-though it will go faster if you ﬂare often and slower if you are careful about when you use it . '' 
 `` flare ? '' 
 `` you can burn your metals a little more powerfully if you try , '' kelsier said . 
 `` it makes them run out much faster , and it 's difﬁcult to maintain , but it can give you an extra boost . '' 
 vin frowned , trying to do as he said . 
 with a push of effort , she was able to stoke the ﬂames within her chest , ﬂaring the pewter . 
 it was like the inhaled breath before a daring leap . 
 a sudden rush of strength and power . 
 her body grew tense with anticipation , and for just a moment she felt invincible . 
 then it passed , her body relaxing slowly . 
 interesting , she thought , noting how quickly her pewter had burned during that brief moment . 
 `` now , there 's something you need to know about allomantic metals , '' kelsier said as they strolled forward in the mists . 
 `` the more pure they are , the more effective they are . 
 the vials we prepare contain absolutely pure metals , prepared and sold speciﬁcally for allomancers . 
 `` alloys-like pewter-are even trickier , since the metal percentages have to be mixed just right , if you want maximum power . 
 in fact , if you are n't careful when you buy your metals , you could end up with the wrong alloy entirely . '' 
 vin frowned . 
 `` you mean , someone might scam me ? '' 
 `` not intentionally , '' kelsier said . 
 `` the thing is , most of the terms that people use-words like ` brass , ' ` pewter , ' and ` bronze ' - are really quite vague , when you get down to it . 
 pewter , for instance , is generally accepted as an alloy of tin mixed with lead , with perhaps some copper or silver , depending on the use and the circumstances . 
 allomancer 's pewter , however , is an alloy of ninety-one percent tin , nine percent lead . 
 if you want maximum strength from your metal , you have to use those percentages . '' 
 `` and ... if you burn the wrong percentage ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 `` if the mixture is only off by a bit , you 'll still get some power out of it , '' kelsier said . 
 `` however , if it 's too far off , burning it will make you sick . '' 
 vin nodded slowly . 
 `` i. . . 
 think i 've burned this metal before . 
 once in a while , in very small amounts . '' 
 `` trace metals , '' kelsier said . 
 `` from drinking water contaminated by metals , or by eating with pewter utensils . '' 
 vin nodded . 
 some of the mugs in camon 's lair had been pewter . 
 `` all right , '' kelsier said . 
 `` extinguish the pewter and let 's move on to another metal . '' 
 vin did as asked . 
 the withdrawal of power left her feeling weak , tired , and exposed . 
 `` now , '' kelsier said , `` you should be able to notice a kind of pairing between your reserves of metal . '' 
 `` like the two emotion metals , '' vin said . 
 `` exactly . 
 find the metal linked to pewter . '' 
 `` i see it , '' vin said . 
 `` there are two metals for every power , '' kelsier said . 
 `` one pushes , one pulls-the second is usually an alloy of the ﬁrst . 
 for emotions-the external mental powers-you pull with zinc and push with brass . 
 you just used pewter to push your body . 
 that 's one of the internal physical powers . '' 
 `` like ham , '' vin said . 
 `` he burns pewter . '' 
 kelsier nodded . 
 `` mistings who can burn pewter are called thugs . 
 a crude term , i suppose-but they tend to be rather crude people . 
 our dear hammond is something of an exception to that rule . '' 
 `` so , what does the other internal physical metal do ? '' 
 `` try it and see . '' 
 vin did so eagerly , and the world suddenly became brighter around her . 
 or ... well , that was n't quite right . 
 she could see better , and she could see farther , but the mists were still there . 
 they were just . . 
 more translucent . 
 the ambient light around her seemed brighter , somehow . 
 there were other changes . 
 she could feel her clothing . 
 she realized that she had always been able to feel it , but she usually ignored it . 
 now , however , it felt closer . 
 she could sense the textures , and was acutely aware of the places where the cloth was tight on her . 
 she was hungry . 
 that , too , she had been ignoring-yet now her hunger seemed far more pressing . 
 her skin felt wetter , and she could smell the crisp air mixed with scents of dirt , soot , and refuse . 
 `` tin enhances your senses , '' kelsier said , his voice suddenly seeming quite loud . 
 `` and it 's one of the slowest-burning metals-the tin in that vial is enough to keep you going for hours . 
 most mistborn leave their tin on whenever they 're out in the mists-i 've had mine on since we left the shop . '' 
 vin nodded . 
 the wealth of sensations was nearly overwhelming . 
 she could hear creaks and scufﬂes in the darkness , and they made her want to jump in alarm , certain that someone was sneaking up behind her . 
 this is going to take some getting used to . 
 `` leave it burning , '' kelsier said , waving for her to walk beside him as he continued down the street . 
 `` you 'll want to accustom yourself to the enhanced senses . 
 just do n't ﬂare it all the time . 
 not only would you run out of it very quickly , but perpetually ﬂaring metals does ... strange things to people . '' 
 `` strange ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 `` metals-especially tin and pewter-stretch your body . 
 flaring the metals only pushes this stretching further . 
 stretch it too far for too long , and things start to break . '' 
 vin nodded uncomfortably . 
 kelsier fell quiet , and they continued to walk , letting vin explore her new sensations and the detailed world that tin revealed . 
 before , her vision had been restricted to a tiny pocket within the night . 
 now , however , she saw an entire city enveloped by a blanket of shifting , swirling mist . 
 she could make out keeps like small , dark mountains in the distance , and could see specks of light from windows , like pin-pricked holes in the night . 
 and above . . 
 she saw lights in the sky . 
 she stopped , gazing up with wonder . 
 they were faint , blurred to even her tin-enhanced eyes , but she could just barely make them out . 
 hundreds of them . 
 thousands of them . 
 so small , like the dying embers of candles recently extinguished . 
 `` stars , '' kelsier said , strolling up beside her . 
 `` you ca n't see them very often , even with tin . 
 it must be a particularly clear night . 
 people used to be able to look up and see them every night-that was before the mists came , before the ash-mounts erupted ash and smoke into the sky . '' 
 vin glanced at him . 
 `` how do you know ? '' 
 kelsier smiled . 
 `` the lord ruler has tried very hard to crush memories of those days , but still some remain . '' 
 he turned , not really having answered her question , and continued to walk . 
 vin joined him . 
 suddenly , with tin , the mists around her did n't seem so ominous . 
 she was beginning to see how kelsier could walk about at night with such conﬁdence . 
 `` all right , '' kelsier eventually said . 
 `` let 's try another metal . '' 
 vin nodded , leaving her tin on but picking another metal to burn as well . 
 when she did so , a very strange thing happened-a multitude of faint blue lines sprung from her chest , streaking out into the spinning mists . 
 she froze , gasping slightly and looking down at her chest . 
 most of the lines were thin , like translucent pieces of twine , though a couple were as thick as yarn . 
 kelsier chuckled . 
 `` leave that metal and its partner alone for the moment . 
 they 're a bit more complicated than the others . '' 
 `` what ... ? '' 
 vin asked , tracing the lines of blue light with her eyes . 
 they pointed at random objects . 
 doors , windows - a couple even pointed at kelsier . 
 `` we 'll get to it , '' he promised . 
 `` extinguish that one and try one of the last two . '' 
 vin extinguished the strange metal and ignored its companion , picking one of the last metals . 
 immediately , she felt a strange vibration . 
 vin paused . 
 the pulses did n't make a sound that she could hear , yet she could feel them washing across her . 
 they seemed to be coming from kelsier . 
 she looked at him , frowning . 
 `` that 's probably bronze , '' kelsier said . 
 `` the internal mental pulling metal . 
 it lets you sense when someone is using allomancy nearby . 
 seekers , like my brother , use it . 
 generally it 's not that useful-unless you happen to be a steel inquisitor searching for skaa mistings . '' 
 vin paled . 
 `` inquisitors can use allomancy ? '' 
 kelsier nodded . 
 `` they 're all seekers-i 'm not sure if that 's because seekers are chosen to become inquisitors , or if the process of becoming an inquisitor grants the power . 
 either way , since their main duties are to ﬁnd half-breed children and noblemen who use allomancy improperly , it 's a useful skill for them to have . 
 unfortunately , ` useful ' for them means ` rather annoying ' for us . '' 
 vin began to nod , then froze . 
 the pulsing had stopped . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` i started burning copper , '' kelsier said , `` the companion to bronze . 
 when you burn copper , it hides your use of powers from other allomancers . 
 you can try burning it now , if you want , though you wo n't sense much . '' 
 vin did so . 
 the only change was a feeling of slight vibration within her . 
 `` copper is a vital metal to learn , '' kelsier said . 
 `` it will hide you from inquisitors . 
 we probably do n't have anything to worry about tonight-the inquisitors would assume us to be regular noble mistborn , out for training . 
 however , if you 're ever in a skaa guise and need to burn metals , make sure you turn on your copper ﬁrst . '' 
 vin nodded appreciatively . 
 `` in fact , '' kelsier said , `` many mistborn keep their copper on all the time . 
 it burns slowly , and it makes you invisible to other allomancers . 
 it hides you from bronze , and it also prevents others from manipulating your emotions . '' 
 vin perked up . 
 `` i thought that might interest you , '' kelsier said . 
 `` anyone burning copper is immune to emotional allomancy . 
 in addition , copper 's inﬂuence occurs in a bubble around you . 
 this cloud-called a coppercloud-hides anyone inside of it from the senses of a seeker , though it wo n't make them immune to emotional allomancy , like it will you . '' 
 `` clubs , '' vin said . 
 `` that 's what a smoker does . '' 
 kelsier nodded . 
 `` if one of our people is noticed by a seeker , they can run back to the lair and disappear . 
 they can also practice their abilities without fear of being discovered . 
 allomantic pulses coming from a shop in a skaa sector of town would be a quick giveaway to a passing inquisitor . '' 
 `` but , you can burn copper , '' vin said . 
 `` why were you so worried about ﬁnding a smoker for the crew ? '' 
 `` i can burn copper , true , '' kelsier said . 
 `` and so can you . 
 we can use all of the powers , but we ca n't be everywhere . 
 a successful crewleader needs to know how to divide labor , especially on a job as big as this one . 
 standard practice has a coppercloud going at all times in the lair . 
 clubs does n't do it all himself-several of those apprentices are smokers too . 
 when you hire a man like clubs , it 's understood that he 'll provide you with a base of operations and a team of smokers competent enough to keep you hidden at all times . '' 
 vin nodded . 
 however , she was more interested in copper 's ability to protect her emotions . 
 she would need to locate enough of it to keep it burning all the time . 
 they started walking again , and kelsier gave her more time to get used to burning tin . 
 vin 's mind , however , began to wander . 
 something did n't feel ... right to her . 
 why was kelsier telling her all of these things ? 
 it seemed like he was giving away his secrets too easily . 
 except one , she thought suspiciously . 
 the metal with the blue lines . 
 he has n't gone back to it yet . 
 perhaps that was the thing he was going to keep from her , the power he would hold in reserve to maintain control over her . 
 it must be strong . 
 the most powerful of the eight . 
 as they walked through the quiet streets , vin reached tentatively inside . 
 she eyed kelsier , then carefully burned that unknown metal . 
 again , the lines sprang up around her , pointing in seemingly random directions . 
 the lines moved with her . 
 one end of each thread stayed stuck to her chest , while the other end remained attached to a given place along the street . 
 new lines appeared as she walked , and old ones faded , disappearing behind . 
 the lines came in various widths , and some of them were brighter than others . 
 curious , vin tested the lines with her mind , trying to discover their secret . 
 she focused on a particularly small and innocent-looking one , and found that she could feel it individually if she concentrated . 
 she almost felt like she could touch it . 
 she reached out with her mind and gave it a slight tug . 
 the line shook , and something immediately ﬂew out of the darkness toward her . 
 vin yelped , trying to jump away , but the object-a rusty nail-shot directly toward her . 
 suddenly , something grabbed the nail , ripping it away and throwing it back out into the darkness . 
 vin came up from her roll in a tense crouch , mistcloak ﬂuttering around her . 
 she scanned the darkness , then glanced at kelsier , who was chuckling softly . 
 `` i should have known you 'd try that , '' he said . 
 vin ﬂushed in embarrassment . 
 `` come on , '' he said , waving her over . 
 `` no harm done . '' 
 `` the nail attacked me ! '' 
 did that metal bring objects to life ? 
 that would be an incredible power indeed . 
 `` actually , you kind of attacked yourself , '' kelsier said . 
 vin stood carefully , then joined him as he began to walk down the street again . 
 `` i 'll explain what you did in a moment , '' he promised . 
 `` first , there 's something you have to understand about allomancy . '' 
 `` another rule ? '' 
 `` more a philosophy , '' kelsier said . 
 `` it has to do with consequences . '' 
 vin frowned . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` every action we take has consequences , vin , '' kelsier said . 
 `` i 've found that in both allomancy and life , the person who can best judge the consequences of their actions will be the most successful . 
 take burning pewter , for instance . 
 what are its consequences ? '' 
 vin shrugged . 
 `` you get stronger . '' 
 `` what happens if you 're carrying something heavy when your pewter runs out ? '' 
 vin paused . 
 `` i suppose you 'd drop it . '' 
 `` and , if it 's too heavy , you could hurt yourself seriously . 
 many a misting thug has shrugged off a dire wound while fighting , only to die from that same wound once their pewter ran out . '' 
 `` i see , '' vin said quietly . 
 `` ha ! '' 
 vin jumped in shock , throwing her hands up over her enhanced ears . 
 `` ow ! '' 
 she complained , glaring at kelsier . 
 he smiled . 
 `` burning tin has consequences too . 
 if someone produces a sudden light or sound , you can be blinded or stunned . '' 
 `` but , what does that have to do with those last two metals ? '' 
 `` iron and steel give you the ability to manipulate other metals around you , '' kelsier explained . 
 `` with iron , you can pull a metal source toward yourself . 
 with steel , you can push one away . 
 ah , here we are . '' 
 kelsier stopped , looking up ahead . 
 through the mist , vin could see the massive city wall looming above them . 
 `` what are we doing here ? '' 
 `` we 're going to practice ironpulling and steelpushing , '' kelsier said . 
 `` but ﬁrst , some basics . '' 
 he pulled something out of his belt-a clip , the smallest denomination of coin . 
 he held it up before her , standing to the side . 
 `` burn steel , the opposite of the metal you burned a few moments ago . '' 
 vin nodded . 
 again , the blue lines sprang up around her . 
 one of them pointed directly at the coin in kelsier 's hand . 
 `` all right , '' kelsier said . 
 `` push on it . '' 
 vin reached toward the proper thread and pushed slightly . 
 the coin ﬂipped out of kelsier 's ﬁngers , traveling directly away from vin . 
 she continued to focus on it , pushing the coin through the air until it snapped against the wall of a nearby house . 
 vin was thrown violently backward in a sudden , jerking motion . 
 kelsier caught her and kept her from falling to the ground . 
 vin stumbled and righted herself . 
 across the street , the coin-now released from her control-plinked to the ground . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 kelsier asked her . 
 she shook her head . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i pushed on the coin , and it ﬂew away . 
 but when it hit the wall , i was pushed away . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 vin frowned thoughtfully . 
 `` i guess ... i guess the coin could n't go anywhere , so i had to be the one that moved . '' 
 kelsier nodded approvingly . 
 `` consequences , vin . 
 you use your own weight when you steelpush . 
 if you 're a lot heavier than your anchor , it will ﬂy away from you like that coin did . 
 however , if the object is heavier than you are-or if it runs into something that is-you 'll be pushed away . 
 ironpulling is similar-either you 'll be pulled toward the object or it will be pulled toward you . 
 if your weights are similar , then you 'll both move . 
 `` this is the great art of allomancy , vin . 
 knowing how much , or how little , you will move when you burn steel or iron will give you a major advantage over your opponents . 
 you 'll ﬁnd that these two are the most versatile and useful of your abilities . '' 
 vin nodded . 
 `` now , remember , '' he continued . 
 `` in both cases , the force of your push or pull is directly away from or toward you . 
 you ca n't ﬂip things around with your mind , controlling them to go wherever you want . 
 that 's not the way that allomancy works , because that 's not the way the physical world works . 
 when you push against something-whether with allomancy or with your hands-it goes directly in the opposite direction . 
 force , reactions , consequences . 
 understand ? '' 
 vin nodded again . 
 `` good , '' kelsier said happily . 
 `` now , let 's go jump over that wall . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 he left her standing dumbfounded in the street . 
 she watched him approach the base of the wall , then scurried over to him . 
 `` you 're insane ! '' 
 she said quietly . 
 kelsier smiled . 
 `` i think that 's the second time today you 've said that to me . 
 you need to pay better attention-if you 'd been listening to everyone else , you 'd know that my sanity departed long ago . '' 
 `` kelsier , '' she said , looking up at the wall . 
 `` i ca n't ... i mean , i 've never really even used allomancy before this evening ! '' 
 `` yes , but you 're such a quick learner , '' kelsier said , pulling something out from beneath his cloak . 
 it appeared to be a belt . 
 `` here , put this on . 
 it 's got metal weights strapped to it . 
 if something goes wrong , i 'll probably be able to catch you . '' 
 `` probably ? '' 
 vin asked nervously , strapping on the belt . 
 kelsier smiled , then dropped a large metal ingot at his feet . 
 `` put the ingot directly below you , and remember to steel-push , not ironpull . 
 do n't stop pushing until you reach the top of the wall . '' 
 then he bent down and jumped . 
 kelsier shot into the air , his dark form vanishing into the curling mists . 
 vin waited for a moment , but he did n't plummet back down to his doom . 
 all was still , even to her enhanced ears . 
 the mists whirled playfully around her . 
 taunting her . 
 daring her . 
 she glanced down at the ingot , burning steel . 
 the blue line glowed with a faint , ghostly light . 
 she stepped over to the ingot , standing with one foot on either side of it . 
 she glanced up at the mists , then down one last time . 
 finally , she took a deep breath and pushed against the ingot with all of her strength . 
 `` he shall defend their ways , yet shall violate them . 
 he will be their savior , yet they shall call him heretic . 
 his name shall be discord , yet they shall love him for it . '' 
 8 vin shot into the air . 
 she suppressed a scream , remembering to continue pushing despite her fear . 
 the stone wall was a blur of motion just a few feet away from her . 
 the ground disappeared below , and the line of blue pointing toward the ingot grew fainter and fainter . 
 what happens if it disappears ? 
 she began to slow . 
 the fainter the line grew , the more her speed decreased . 
 after just a few moments of ﬂight , she crept to a halt-and was left hanging in the air above a nearly invisible blue line . 
 `` i 've always liked the view from up here . '' 
 vin glanced to the side . 
 kelsier stood a short distance away ; she had been so focused that she had n't noticed that she was hovering just a few feet from the top of the wall . 
 `` help ! '' 
 she said , continuing to push desperately , lest she fall . 
 the mists below her shifted and spun , like some dark ocean of damned souls . 
 `` you do n't have to worry too much , '' kelsier said . 
 `` it 's easier to balance in the air if you have a tripod of anchors , but you can do ﬁne with a single anchor . 
 your body is used to balancing itself . 
 part of what you 've been doing since you learned to walk transfers to allomancy . 
 as long as you stay still , hanging at the very edge of your pushing ability , you 'll be pretty stable-your mind and body will correct any slight deviations from the base center of your anchor below , keeping you from falling to the sides . 
 `` if you were to push on something else , or move too much to one side , though ... well , you 'd lose your anchor below , and would n't be pushing directly up anymore . 
 then you 'd have problems-you 'd tip over like a lead weight on the top of a very tall pole . '' 
 `` kelsier . . '' 
 vin said . 
 `` i hope you are n't afraid of heights , vin , '' kelsier said . 
 `` that 's quite a disadvantage for a mistborn . '' 
 `` i 'm ... not ... afraid ... of ... heights , '' vin said through gritted teeth . 
 `` but i 'm also not accustomed to hanging in the air a hundred feet above the bloody street ! '' 
 kelsier chuckled , but vin felt a force tug against her belt , pulling her through the air toward him . 
 he grabbed her and pulled her up over the stone railing , then set her down beside him . 
 he reached an arm over the side of the wall . 
 a second later , the ingot shot up through the air , scraping along the side of the wall , until it ﬂipped into his waiting hand . 
 `` good job , '' he said . 
 `` now we go back down . '' 
 he tossed the ingot over his shoulder , casting it into the dark mists on the other side of the wall . 
 `` we 're really going outside ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 `` outside the city walls ? 
 at night ? '' 
 kelsier smiled in that infuriating way of his . 
 he walked over and climbed onto the battlements . 
 `` varying the strength with which you push or pull is difﬁcult , but possible . 
 it 's better to just fall a bit , then push to slow yourself . 
 let go and fall some more , then push again . 
 if you get the rhythm right , you 'll reach the ground just ﬁne . '' 
 `` kelsier , '' vin said , approaching the wall . 
 `` i do n't . . '' 
 `` you 're at the top of the city wall now , vin , '' he said , stepping out into the air . 
 he hung , hovering , balanced as he 'd explained to her before . 
 `` there are only two ways down . 
 either you jump off , or you try and explain to that guard patrol why a mistborn needs to use their stairwell . '' 
 vin turned with concern , noting an approaching bob of lanternlight in the dark mists . 
 she turned back to kelsier , but he was gone . 
 she cursed , bending over the side of the wall and looking down into the mists . 
 she could hear the guards behind her , speaking softly to one another as they walked along the wall . 
 kelsier was right : she did n't have many options . 
 angry , she climbed up onto the battlement . 
 she was n't afraid of heights in particular , but who would n't be apprehensive , standing atop the wall , looking down at her doom ? 
 vin 's heart ﬂuttered , her stomach twisting . 
 i hope kelsier 's out of the way , she thought , checking the blue line to make certain she was above the ingot . 
 then , she stepped off . 
 she immediately began to plummet toward the ground . 
 she pushed reﬂexively with her steel , but her trajectory was off ; she had fallen to the side of the ingot , not directly toward it . 
 consequently , her push nudged her to the side even farther , and she began to tumble through the air . 
 alarmed , she pushed again-harder this time , ﬂaring her steel . 
 the sudden effort launched her back upward . 
 she arced sideways through the air , popping up into the air alongside the walltop . 
 the passing guards spun with surprise , but their faces soon became indistinct as vin fell back down toward the ground . 
 mind muddled by terror , she reﬂexively reached out and pulled against the ingot , trying to yank herself toward it . 
 and , of course , it obediently shot up toward her . 
 i 'm dead . 
 then her body lurched , pulled upward by the belt . 
 her descent slowed until she was drifting quietly through the air . 
 kelsier appeared in the mists , standing on the ground beneath her ; he was-of course-smiling . 
 he let her drop the last few feet , catching her , then setting her upright on the soft earth . 
 she stood quivering for a moment , breathing in terse , anxious breaths . 
 `` well , that was fun , '' kelsier said lightly . 
 vin did n't respond . 
 kelsier sat down on a nearby rock , obviously giving her time to gather her wits . 
 eventually , she burned pewter , using the sensation of solidness it provided to steady her nerves . 
 `` you did well , '' kelsier said . 
 `` i nearly died . '' 
 `` everybody does , their ﬁrst time , '' kelsier said . 
 `` ironpulling and steelpushing are dangerous skills . 
 you can impale yourself with a bit of metal that you pull into your own body , you can jump and leave your anchor too far behind , or you can make a dozen other mistakes . 
 `` my experience-limited though it is-has been that it 's better to get into those extreme circumstances early , when someone can watch over you . 
 anyway , i assume you can understand why it 's important for an allomancer to carry as little metal on their body as possible . '' 
 vin nodded , then paused , reaching up to her ear . 
 `` my earring , '' she said . 
 `` i 'll have to stop wearing it . '' 
 `` does it have a clip on the back ? '' 
 kelsier asked . 
 vin shook her head . 
 `` it 's just a small stud , and the pin on the back bends down . '' 
 `` then you 'll be all right , '' kelsier said . 
 `` metal in your body-even if only a bit of it is in your body-can ' t be pushed or pulled . 
 otherwise another allomancer could rip the metals out of your stomach while you were burning them . '' 
 good to know , vin thought . 
 `` it 's also why those inquisitors can walk around so conﬁdently with a pair of steel spikes sticking out of their heads . 
 the metal pierces their bodies , so it ca n't be affected by another allomancer . 
 keep the earring-it 's small , so you wo n't be able to do much with it , but you could use it as a weapon in an emergency . '' 
 `` all right . '' 
 `` now , you ready to go ? '' 
 she looked up at the wall , preparing to jump again , then nodded . 
 `` we 're not going back up , '' kelsier said . 
 `` come on . '' 
 vin frowned as kelsier began to walk out into the mists . 
 so , does he have a destination after all-or has he just decided to wander some more ? 
 oddly , his affable nonchalance made him very difﬁcult to read . 
 vin hurried to keep up , not wanting to be left alone in the mists . 
 the landscape around luthadel was barren save for scrub and weeds . 
 prickles and dried leaves-both dusted with ash from an earlier ashfall-rubbed against her legs as they walked . 
 the underbrush crunched as they walked , quiet and a bit sodden with mist dew . 
 occasionally , they passed heaps of ash that had been carted out of the city . 
 most of the time , however , ash was thrown into the river channerel , which passed through the city . 
 water broke it down eventually-or , at least , that was what vin assumed . 
 otherwise the entire continent would have been buried long ago . 
 vin stayed close to kelsier as they walked . 
 though she had traveled outside cities before , she had always moved as part of a group of boatmen-the skaa workers who ran narrow-boats and barges up and down the many canal routes in the final empire . 
 it had been hard work-most noblemen used skaa instead of horses to pull the boats along the towpath - but there had been a certain freedom to knowing that she was traveling at all , for most skaa , even skaa thieves , never left their plantation or town . 
 the constant movement from city to city had been reen 's choice ; he had been obsessive about never getting locked down . 
 he usually got them places on canal boats run by underground crews , never staying in one place for more than a year . 
 he had kept moving , always going . 
 as if running from something . 
 they continued to walk . 
 at night , even the barren hills and scrub-covered plains took on a forbidding air . 
 vin did n't speak , though she tried to make as little noise as possible . 
 she had heard tales of what went abroad in the land at night , and the cover of the mists-even pierced by tin as it now was - made her feel as if she were being watched . 
 the sensation grew more unnerving as they traveled . 
 soon , she began to hear noises in the darkness . 
 they were mufﬂed and faint-crackles of weeds , shufﬂes in the echoing mist . 
 you 're just being paranoid ! 
 she told herself as she jumped at some half-imagined sound . 
 eventually , however , she could stand it no more . 
 `` kelsier ! '' 
 she said with an urgent whisper-one that sounded betrayingly loud to her enhanced ears . 
 `` i think there 's something out there . '' 
 `` hum ? '' 
 kelsier asked . 
 he looked lost in his thoughts . 
 `` i think something is following us ! '' 
 `` oh , '' kelsier said . 
 `` yes , you 're right . 
 it 's a mistwraith . '' 
 vin stopped dead in her tracks . 
 kelsier , however , kept going . 
 `` kelsier ! '' 
 she said , causing him to pause . 
 `` you mean they 're real ? '' 
 `` of course they are , '' kelsier said . 
 `` where do you think all the stories came from ? '' 
 vin stood in dumbfounded shock . 
 `` you want to go look at it ? '' 
 kelsier asked . 
 `` look at the mistwraith ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 `` are you - '' she stopped . 
 kelsier chuckled , strolling back to her . 
 `` mistwraiths might be a bit disturbing to look at , but they 're relatively harmless . 
 they 're scavengers , mostly . 
 come on . '' 
 he began to retrace their footsteps , waving her to follow . 
 reluctant-but morbidly curious-vin followed . 
 kelsier walked at a brisk pace , leading her to the top of a relatively scrub-free hill . 
 he crouched down , motioning for vin to do likewise . 
 `` their hearing is n't very good , '' he said as she knelt in the rough , ashen dirt beside him . 
 `` but their sense of smell-or , rather , taste-is quite acute . 
 it 's probably following our trail , hoping that we 'll discard something edible . '' 
 vin squinted in the darkness . 
 `` i ca n't see it , '' she said , searching the mists for a shadowed ﬁgure . 
 `` there , '' kelsier said , pointing toward a squat hill . 
 vin frowned , imagining a creature crouching atop the hill , watching her as she looked for it . 
 then the hill moved . 
 vin jumped slightly . 
 the dark mound-perhaps ten feet tall and twice as long-lurched forward in a strange , shufﬂing gait , and vin leaned forward , trying to get a better look . 
 `` flare your tin , '' kelsier suggested . 
 vin nodded , calling upon a burst of extra allomantic power . 
 everything immediately became lighter , the mists becoming even less of an obstruction . 
 what she saw caused her to shiver-fascinated , revolted , and more than a little disturbed . 
 the creature had smoky , translucent skin , and vin could see its bones . 
 it had dozens upon dozens of limbs , and each one looked as if it had come from a different animal . 
 there were human hands , bovine hooves , canine haunches , and others she could n't identify . 
 the mismatched limbs let the creature walk-though it was more of a shamble . 
 it crawled along slowly , moving like an awkward centipede . 
 many of the limbs , in fact , did n't even look functional-they jutted from the creature 's ﬂesh in a twisted , unnatural fashion . 
 its body was bulbous and elongated . 
 it was n't just a blob , though ... there was a strange logic to its form . 
 it had a distinct skeletal structure , and-squinting through tin-enhanced eyes-she thought she could make out translucent muscles and sinew wrapping the bones . 
 the creature ﬂexed odd jumbles of muscles as it moved , and appeared to have a dozen different rib cages . 
 along the main body , arms and legs hung at unnerving angles . 
 and heads-she counted six . 
 despite the translucent skin , she could make out a horse head sitting beside that of a deer . 
 another head turned toward her , and she could see its human skull . 
 the head sat atop a long spinal cord attached to some kind of animal torso , which was in turn attached to a jumble of strange bones . 
 vin nearly retched . 
 `` what ... ? 
 how ... ? '' 
 `` mistwraiths have malleable bodies , '' kelsier said . 
 `` they can shape their skin around any skeletal structure , and can even re-create muscles and organs if they have a model to mimic . '' 
 `` you mean ... ? '' 
 kelsier nodded . 
 `` when they ﬁnd a corpse , they envelop it and slowly digest the muscles and organs . 
 then , they use what they 've eaten as a pattern , creating an exact duplicate of the dead creature . 
 they rearrange the parts a little bit-excreting the bones they do n't want , while adding the ones they do want to their body-forming a jumble like what you see out there . '' 
 vin watched the creature shamble across the ﬁeld , following her tracks . 
 a ﬂap of slimy skin drooped from its underbelly , trailing along the ground . 
 tasting for scents , vin thought . 
 following the smell of our passing . 
 she let her tin return to normal , and the mistwraith once again became a shadowed mound . 
 the silhouette , however , only seemed to heighten its abnormality . 
 `` are they intelligent , then ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 `` if they can split up a. . . 
 body and put the pieces where they want ? '' 
 `` intelligent ? '' 
 kelsier asked . 
 `` no , not one this young . 
 more instinctual than intelligent . '' 
 vin shivered again . 
 `` do people know about these things ? 
 i mean , other than the legends ? '' 
 `` what do you mean by ` people ' ? '' 
 kelsier asked . 
 `` a lot of allomancers know about them , and i 'm sure the ministry does . 
 regular people ... well , they just do n't go out at night . 
 most skaa fear and curse mistwraiths , but go their entire lives without actually seeing one . '' 
 `` lucky for them , '' vin muttered . 
 `` why does n't someone do something about these things ? '' 
 kelsier shrugged . 
 `` they 're not that dangerous . '' 
 `` that one has a human head ! '' 
 `` it probably found a corpse , '' kelsier said . 
 `` i 've never heard of a mistwraith attacking a full-grown , healthy adult . 
 that 's probably why everyone leaves them alone . 
 and , of course , the high nobility have devised their own uses for the creatures . '' 
 vin looked at him questioningly , but he said no more , rising and walking down the hillside . 
 she shot one more glance at the unnatural creature , then took off , following kelsier . 
 `` is that what you brought me out here to see ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 kelsier chuckled . 
 `` mistwraiths might look eerie , but they 're hardly worth such a long trip . 
 no , we 're heading over there . '' 
 she followed his gesture , and was able to make out a change in the landscape ahead . 
 `` the imperial highroad ? 
 we 've circled around to the front of the city . '' 
 kelsier nodded . 
 after a short walk-during which vin glanced backward no less than three times to make certain the mistwraith had n't gained on them-they left the scrub and stepped onto the ﬂat , packed earth of the imperial highroad . 
 kelsier paused , scanning the road in either direction . 
 vin frowned , wondering what he was doing . 
 then she saw the carriage . 
 it was parked by the side of the highroad , and vin could see that there was a man waiting beside it . 
 `` ho , sazed , '' kelsier said , walking forward . 
 the man bowed . 
 `` master kelsier , '' he said , his smooth voice carrying well in the night air . 
 it had a higher pitch to it , and he spoke with an almost melodic accent . 
 `` i almost thought that you had decided not to come . '' 
 `` you know me , saze , '' kelsier said , jovially slapping the man on the shoulder . 
 `` i 'm the soul of punctuality . '' 
 he turned and waved a hand toward vin . 
 `` this apprehensive little creature is vin . '' 
 `` ah , yes , '' sazed said , speaking in a slow , well-enunciated way . 
 there was something strange about his accent . 
 vin approached cautiously , studying the man . 
 sazed had a long , ﬂat face and a willowy body . 
 he was even taller than kelsier - tall enough to be a bit abnormal-and his arms were unusually long . 
 `` you 're a terrisman , '' vin said . 
 his earlobes had been stretched out , and the ears themselves contained studs that ran around their perimeter . 
 he wore the lavish , colorful robes of a terris steward-the garments were made of embroidered , overlapping v shapes , alternating among the three colors of his master 's house . 
 `` yes , child , '' sazed said , bowing . 
 `` have you known many of my people ? '' 
 `` none , '' vin said . 
 `` but i know that the high nobility prefer terrismen stewards and attendants . '' 
 `` indeed they do , child , '' sazed said . 
 he turned to kelsier . 
 `` we should go , master kelsier . 
 it is late , and we are still an hour away from fellise . '' 
 fellise , vin thought . 
 so , we 're going to see the impostor lord renoux . 
 sazed opened the carriage door for them , then closed it after they climbed in . 
 vin settled on one of the plush seats as she heard sazed climb atop the vehicle and set the horses in motion . 
 kelsier sat quietly in the carriage . 
 the window shades were closed against the mist , and a small lantern , half shielded , hung in the corner . 
 vin rode on the seat directly across from him-her legs tucked up underneath her , her enveloping mistcloak pulled close , hiding her arms and legs . 
 she always does that , kelsier thought . 
 wherever she is , she tries to be as small and unnoticeable as possible . 
 so tense . 
 vin did n't sit , she crouched . 
 she did n't walk , she prowled . 
 even when she was sitting in the open , she seemed to be trying to hide . 
 she 's a brave one , though . 
 during his own training , kelsier had n't been quite so willing to throw himself off of a city wall-old gemmel had been forced to push him . 
 vin watched him with those quiet , dark eyes of hers . 
 when she noticed his attention , she glanced away , huddling down a little more within her cloak . 
 unexpectedly , however , she spoke . 
 `` your brother , '' she said in her soft near-whisper of a voice . 
 `` you two do n't get along very well . '' 
 kelsier raised an eyebrow . 
 `` no . 
 we never have , really . 
 it 's a shame . 
 we should , but we just . . 
 do n't . '' 
 `` he 's older than you ? '' 
 kelsier nodded . 
 `` did he beat you often ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 kelsier frowned . 
 `` beat me ? 
 no , he did n't beat me at all . '' 
 `` you stopped him , then ? '' 
 vin said . 
 `` maybe that 's why he does n't like you . 
 how did you escape ? 
 did you run , or were you just stronger than him ? '' 
 `` vin , marsh never tried to beat me . 
 we argued , true-but we never really wanted to hurt one another . '' 
 vin did n't contradict him , but he could see in her eyes that she did n't believe him . 
 what a life ... kelsier thought , falling silent . 
 there were so many children like vin in the underground . 
 of course , most died before reaching her age . 
 kelsier had been one of the lucky ones : his mother had been a resourceful mistress of a high nobleman , a clever woman who had managed to hide the fact that she was skaa from her lord . 
 kelsier and marsh had grown up privileged-considered illegitimate , but still noble-until their father had ﬁnally discovered the truth . 
 `` why did you teach me those things ? '' 
 vin asked , interrupting his thoughts . 
 `` about allomancy , i mean . '' 
 kelsier frowned . 
 `` i promised you that i would . '' 
 `` now that i know your secrets , what is to keep me from running away from you ? '' 
 `` nothing , '' kelsier said . 
 once again , her distrusting glare told him that she did n't believe his answer . 
 `` there are metals you did n't tell me about . 
 back in our meeting on the ﬁrst day , you said there were ten . '' 
 kelsier nodded , leaning forward . 
 `` there are . 
 but i did n't leave the last two out because i wanted to keep things from you . 
 they 're just . . 
 difﬁcult to get used to . 
 it will be easier if you practice with the basic metals ﬁrst . 
 however , if you want to know about the last two , i can teach you once we arrive in fellise . '' 
 vin 's eyes narrowed . 
 kelsier rolled his eyes . 
 `` i 'm not trying to trick you , vin . 
 people serve on my crews because they want to , and i 'm effective because they can rely on one another . 
 no distrust , no betrayals . '' 
 `` except one , '' vin whispered . 
 `` the betrayal that sent you to the pits . '' 
 kelsier froze . 
 `` where did you hear that ? '' 
 vin shrugged . 
 kelsier sighed , rubbing his forehead with one hand . 
 that was n't what he wanted to do-he wanted to scratch his scars , the ones that ran all along his ﬁngers and hands , twisting up his arms toward his shoulders . 
 he resisted . 
 `` that is n't something worth talking about , '' he said . 
 `` but there was a traitor , '' vin said . 
 `` we do n't know for certain . '' 
 that sounded weak , even to him . 
 `` regardless , my crews rely on trust . 
 that means no coercions . 
 if you want out , we can go back to luthadel right now . 
 i 'll show you the last two metals , then you can be on your way . '' 
 `` i do n't have enough money to survive on my own , '' vin said . 
 kelsier reached inside of his cloak and pulled out a bag of coins , then tossed it onto the seat beside her . 
 `` three thousand boxings . 
 the money i took from camon . '' 
 vin glanced at the bag distrustfully . 
 `` take it , '' kelsier said . 
 `` you 're the one who earned it - from what i 've been able to gather , your allomancy was behind most of camon 's recent successes , and you were the one who risked pushing the emotions of an obligator . '' 
 vin did n't move . 
 fine , kelsier thought , reaching up and knocking on the underside of the coachman 's chair . 
 the carriage stopped , and sazed soon appeared at his window . 
 `` turn the carriage around please , saze , '' kelsier said . 
 `` take us back to luthadel . '' 
 `` yes , master kelsier . '' 
 within moments , the carriage was rolling back in the direction it had come . 
 vin watched in silence , but she seemed a little less certain of herself . 
 she eyed the bag of coins . 
 `` i 'm serious , vin , '' kelsier said . 
 `` i ca n't have someone on my team who does n't want to work with me . 
 turning you away is n't a punishment ; it 's just the way things must be . '' 
 vin did n't respond . 
 letting her go would be a gamble-but forcing her to stay would be a bigger one . 
 kelsier sat , trying to read her , trying to understand her . 
 would she betray them to the final empire if she left ? 
 he thought not . 
 she was n't a bad person . 
 she just thought that everybody else was . 
 `` i think your plan is crazy , '' she said quietly . 
 `` so do half the people on the crew . '' 
 `` you ca n't defeat the final empire . '' 
 `` we do n't have to , '' kelsier said . 
 `` we just have to get yeden an army , then seize the palace . '' 
 `` the lord ruler will stop you , '' vin said . 
 `` you ca n't beat him-he 's immortal . '' 
 `` we have the eleventh metal , '' kelsier said . 
 `` we 'll ﬁnd a way to kill him . '' 
 `` the ministry is too powerful . 
 they 'll ﬁnd your army and destroy it . '' 
 kelsier leaned forward , looking vin in the eye . 
 `` you trusted me enough to jump off the top of the wall , and i caught you . 
 you 're going to have to trust me this time too . '' 
 she obviously did n't like the word `` trust '' very much . 
 she studied him in the weak lanternlight , remaining quiet long enough that the silence grew uncomfortable . 
 finally , she snatched the bag of coins , quickly hiding it beneath her cloak . 
 `` i 'll stay , '' she said . 
 `` but not because i trust you . '' 
 kelsier raised an eyebrow . 
 `` why , then ? '' 
 vin shrugged , and she sounded perfectly honest when she spoke . 
 `` because i want to see what happens . '' 
 having a keep in luthadel qualiﬁed a house for high noble status . 
 however , having a keep did n't mean that one had to live in it , especially not all of the time . 
 many families also maintained a residence in one of luthadel 's outskirt cities . 
 less crowded , cleaner , and less strict in its observance of imperial laws , fellise was a rich town . 
 rather than containing imposing , buttressed keeps , it was ﬁlled with lavish manors and villas . 
 trees even lined some of the streets ; most of them were aspens , whose bone-white bark was somehow resistant to the discoloring of the ash . 
 vin watched the mist-cloaked city through her window , the carriage lantern extinguished at her request . 
 burning tin , she was able to study the neatly organized and well-groomed streets . 
 this was a section of fellise she had rarely seen ; despite the town 's opulence , its slums were remarkably similar to the ones in every other city . 
 kelsier watched the city through his own window , frowning . 
 `` you disapprove of the waste , '' vin guessed , her voice a whisper . 
 the sound would carry to kelsier 's enhanced ears . 
 `` you see the riches of this city and think of the skaa who worked to create it . '' 
 `` that 's part of it , '' kelsier said , his own voice barely a whisper . 
 `` there 's more , though . 
 considering the amount of money spent on it , this city should be beautiful . '' 
 vin cocked her head . 
 `` it is . '' 
 kelsier shook his head . 
 `` the homes are still stained black . 
 the soil is still arid and lifeless . 
 the trees still grow leaves of brown . '' 
 `` of course they 're brown . 
 what else would they be ? '' 
 `` green , '' kelsier said . 
 `` everything should be green . '' 
 green ? 
 vin thought . 
 what a strange thought . 
 she tried to imagine trees with green leaves , but the image seemed silly . 
 kelsier certainly had his quirks-though , anyone who had spent so long at the pits of hathsin was bound to be left a bit strange . 
 he turned back toward her . 
 `` before i forget , there are a couple more things you should know about allomancy . '' 
 vin nodded . 
 `` first , '' kelsier said , `` remember to burn away any unused metals you have inside of you at the end of the night . 
 some of the metals we use can be poisonous if digested ; it 's best not to sleep with them in your stomach . '' 
 `` all right , '' vin said . 
 `` also , '' kelsier said , `` never try to burn a metal that is n't one of the ten . 
 i warned you that impure metals and alloys can make you sick . 
 well , if you try to burn a metal that is n't allomantically sound at all , it could be deadly . '' 
 vin nodded solemnly . 
 good to know , she thought . 
 `` ah , '' kelsier said , turning back toward the window . 
 `` here we are : the newly purchased manor renoux . 
 you should probably take off your cloak-the people here are loyal to us , but it always pays to be careful . '' 
 vin agreed completely . 
 she pulled off the cloak , letting kelsier tuck it in his pack . 
 then she peeked out the carriage window , peering through the mists at the approaching manor . 
 the grounds had a low stone wall and an iron gate ; a pair of guards opened the way as sazed identiﬁed himself . 
 the roadway inside was lined with aspens , and atop the hill ahead vin could see a large manor house , phantom light spilling from its windows . 
 sazed pulled the carriage up before the manor , then handed the reins to a servant and climbed down . 
 `` welcome to manor renoux , mistress vin , '' he said , opening the door and gesturing to help her down . 
 vin eyed his hand , but did n't take it , instead scrambling down on her own . 
 the terrisman did n't seem offended by her refusal . 
 the steps to the manor house were lit by a double line of lantern poles . 
 as kelsier hopped from the carriage , vin could see a group of men gathering at the top of the white marble stairs . 
 kelsier climbed the steps with a springy stride ; vin followed behind , noticing how clean the steps were . 
 they would have to be scrubbed regularly to keep the ash from staining them . 
 did the skaa who maintained the building know that their master was an imposter ? 
 how was kelsier 's `` benevolent '' plan to overthrow the final empire helping the common people who cleaned these steps ? 
 thin and aging , `` lord renoux '' wore a rich suit and a pair of aristocratic spectacles . 
 a sparse , gray mustache colored his lip , and-despite his age-he did n't carry a cane for support . 
 he nodded respectfully to kelsier , but maintained a digniﬁed air . 
 immediately , vin was struck by one obvious fact : this man knows what he is doing . 
 camon had been skilled at impersonating noblemen , but his self-importance had always struck vin as a bit juvenile . 
 while there were noblemen like camon , the more impressive ones were like this lord renoux : calm , and self-conﬁdent . 
 men whose nobility was in their bearing rather than their ability to speak scornfully to those around them . 
 vin had to resist cringing when the impostor 's eyes fell on her-he seemed far too much a nobleman , and she had been trained to reﬂexively avoid their attention . 
 `` the manor is looking much better , '' kelsier said , shaking hands with renoux . 
 `` yes , i 'm impressed with its progress , '' renoux said . 
 `` my cleaning crews are quite proﬁcient-give us a bit more time , and the manor will be so grand that i would n't hesitate to host the lord ruler himself . '' 
 kelsier chuckled . 
 `` would n't that be an odd dinner party . '' 
 he stepped back , gesturing toward vin . 
 `` this is the young lady i spoke of . '' 
 renoux studied her , and vin glanced away . 
 she did n't like it when people looked at her that way-it made her wonder how they were going to try and use her . 
 `` we will need to speak further of this , kelsier , '' renoux said , nodding toward the mansion 's entrance . 
 `` the hour is late , but . . '' 
 kelsier stepped into the building . 
 `` late ? 
 why , it 's barely midnight . 
 have your people prepare some food-lady vin and i missed dinner . '' 
 a missed meal was nothing new to vin . 
 however , renoux immediately waved to some servants , and they leapt into motion . 
 renoux walked into the building , and vin followed . 
 she paused in the entryway , however , sazed waiting patiently behind her . 
 kelsier paused , turning when he noticed that she was n't following . 
 `` vin ? '' 
 `` it 's so ... clean , '' vin said , unable to think of any other description . 
 on jobs , she 'd occasionally seen the homes of noblemen . 
 however , those times had happened at night , in dark gloom . 
 she was unprepared for the well-lit sight before her . 
 the white marble ﬂoors of manor renoux seemed to glow , reﬂecting the light of a dozen lanterns . 
 everything was ... pristine . 
 the walls were white except where they had been wash-painted with traditional animal murals . 
 a brilliant chandelier sparkled above a double staircase , and the room 's other decorations-crystal sculptures , vases set with bundles of aspen branches-glistened , unmarred by soot , smudge , or ﬁngerprint . 
 kelsier chuckled . 
 `` well , her reaction speaks highly of your efforts , '' he said to lord renoux . 
 vin allowed herself to be led into the building . 
 the group turned right , entering a room whose whites were muted slightly by the addition of maroon furnishings and drapes . 
 renoux paused . 
 `` perhaps the lady could enjoy some refreshment here for a moment , '' he said to kelsier . 
 `` there are some matters of a. . 
 delicate nature that i would discuss with you . '' 
 kelsier shrugged . 
 `` fine with me , '' he said , following renoux toward another doorway . 
 `` saze , why do n't you keep vin company while lord renoux and i talk ? '' 
 `` of course , master kelsier . '' 
 kelsier smiled , eyeing vin , and somehow she knew that he was leaving sazed behind to keep her from eavesdropping . 
 she shot the departing men an annoyed look . 
 what was that you said about `` trust , '' kelsier ? 
 however , she was even more annoyed at herself for getting unsettled . 
 why should she care if kelsier excluded her ? 
 she had spent her entire life being ignored and dismissed . 
 it had never bothered her before when other crewleaders left her out of their planning sessions . 
 vin took a seat in one of the stifﬂy upholstered maroon chairs , tucking her feet up beneath her . 
 she knew what the problem was . 
 kelsier had been showing her too much respect , making her feel too important . 
 she was beginning to think that she deserved to be part of his secret conﬁdences . 
 reen 's laughter in the back of her mind discredited those thoughts , and she sat , annoyed at both herself and kelsier , feeling ashamed , but not exactly certain why . 
 renoux 's servants brought her a platter of fruits and breads . 
 they set up a small stand beside her chair , and even gave her a crystalline cup ﬁlled with a glistening red liquid . 
 she could n't tell if it was wine or juice , and she did n't intend to ﬁnd out . 
 she did , however , pick at the food-her instincts would n't let her pass up a free meal , even if it was prepared by unfamiliar hands . 
 sazed walked over and took a position standing just behind her chair to the right . 
 he waited with a stiff posture , hands clasped in front of him , eyes forward . 
 the stance was obviously intended to be respectful , but his looming posture did n't help her mood any . 
 vin tried to focus on her surroundings , but this only reminded her of how rich the furnishings were . 
 she was uncomfortable amid such ﬁnery ; she felt as if she stood out like a black spot on a clean rug . 
 she did n't eat the breads for fear that she would drop crumbs on the ﬂoor , and she worried at her feet and legs-which had been stained with ash while walking through the countryside-marring the furnishings . 
 all of this cleanliness came at some skaa 's expense , vin thought . 
 why should i worry about disturbing it ? 
 however , she had trouble feeling outraged , for she knew this was only a front . 
 `` lord renoux '' had to maintain a certain level of ﬁnery . 
 it would be suspicious to do otherwise . 
 in addition , something else kept her from resenting the waste . 
 the servants were happy . 
 they went about their duties with a businesslike professionalism , no sense of drudgery about their efforts . 
 she heard laughter in the outer hallway . 
 these were not mistreated skaa ; whether they had been included in kelsier 's plans or not was irrelevant . 
 so , vin sat and forced herself to eat fruit , yawning occasionally . 
 it was turning out to be a long night indeed . 
 the servants eventually left her alone , though sazed continued to loom just behind her . 
 i ca n't eat like this , she ﬁnally thought with frustration . 
 `` could you not stand over my shoulder like that ? '' 
 sazed nodded . 
 he took two steps forward so that he stood next to her chair , rather than behind it . 
 he adopted the same stiff posture , looming above her just as he had before . 
 vin frowned in annoyance , then noticed the smile on sazed 's lips . 
 he glanced down at her , eyes twinkling at his joke , then walked over and seated himself in the chair beside hers . 
 `` i 've never known a terrisman with a sense of humor before , '' vin said dryly . 
 sazed raised an eyebrow . 
 `` i was under the impression that you had n't known any terrismen at all , mistress vin . '' 
 vin paused . 
 `` well , i 've never heard of one with a sense of humor . 
 you 're supposed to be completely rigid and formal . '' 
 `` we 're just subtle , mistress , '' sazed said . 
 though he sat with a stiff posture , there was still something ... relaxed about him . 
 it was as if he were as comfortable when sitting properly as other people were when lounging . 
 that 's how they 're supposed to be . 
 the perfect serving men , completely loyal to the final empire . 
 `` is something troubling you , mistress vin ? '' 
 sazed asked as she studied him . 
 how much does he know ? 
 perhaps he does n't even realize that renoux is an imposter . 
 `` i was just wondering how you ... came here , '' she ﬁnally said . 
 `` you mean , how did a terrisman steward end up as part of a rebellion intending to overthrow the final empire ? '' 
 sazed asked in his soft voice . 
 vin ﬂushed . 
 apparently he was well versed indeed . 
 `` that is an intriguing question , mistress , '' sazed said . 
 `` certainly , my situation is not common . 
 i would say that i arrived at it because of belief . '' 
 `` belief ? '' 
 `` yes , '' sazed said . 
 `` tell me , mistress . 
 what is it that you believe ? '' 
 vin frowned . 
 `` what kind of question is that ? '' 
 `` the most important kind , i think . '' 
 vin sat for a moment , but he obviously expected a reply , so she ﬁnally shrugged . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 `` people often say that , '' sazed said , `` but i ﬁnd that it is rarely true . 
 do you believe in the final empire ? '' 
 `` i believe that it is strong , '' vin said . 
 `` immortal ? '' 
 vin shrugged . 
 `` it has been so far . '' 
 `` and the lord ruler ? 
 is he the ascended avatar of god ? 
 do you believe that he , as the ministry teaches , is a sliver of inﬁnity ? '' 
 `` i. . . 
 i 've never thought about it before . '' 
 `` perhaps you should , '' sazed said . 
 `` if , upon examination , you ﬁnd that the ministry 's teachings do not suit you , then i would be pleased to offer you an alternative . '' 
 `` what alternative ? '' 
 sazed smiled . 
 `` that depends . 
 the right belief is like a good cloak , i think . 
 if it ﬁts you well , it keeps you warm and safe . 
 the wrong ﬁt , however , can suffocate . '' 
 vin paused , frowning slightly , but sazed just smiled . 
 eventually , she turned her attention back to her meal . 
 after a short wait , the side door opened , and kelsier and renoux returned . 
 `` now , '' renoux said as he and kelsier seated themselves , a group of servants bringing another plate of food for kelsier , `` let us discuss this child . 
 the man you were going to have play my heir will not do , you say ? '' 
 `` unfortunately , '' kelsier said , making quick work of his food . 
 `` that complicates things greatly , '' renoux said . 
 kelsier shrugged . 
 `` we 'll just have vin be your heir . '' 
 renoux shook his head . 
 `` a girl her age could inherit , but it would be suspicious for me to pick her . 
 there are any number of legitimate male cousins in the renoux line who would be far more suitable choices . 
 it was going to be difﬁcult enough to get a middle-aged man past courtly scrutiny . 
 a young girl ... no , too many people would investigate her background . 
 our forged family lines will survive passing scrutiny , but if someone were to actually send messengers to search out her holdings ... '' kelsier frowned . 
 `` besides , '' renoux added . 
 `` there is another issue . 
 if i were to name a young , unmarried girl as my heir , hers would instantly become one of the most sought-after hands in luthadel . 
 it would be very difﬁcult for her to spy if she were to receive that much attention . '' 
 vin ﬂushed at the thought . 
 surprisingly , she found her heart sinking as the old imposter spoke . 
 this was the only part kelsier gave me in the plan . 
 if i ca n't do it , what good am i to the crew ? 
 `` so , what do you suggest ? '' 
 kelsier asked . 
 `` well , she does n't have to be my heir , '' renoux said . 
 `` what if , instead , she were simply a young scion i brought with me to luthadel ? 
 perhaps i promised her parents - distant but favored cousins-that i would introduce their daughter to the court ? 
 everyone would assume that my ulterior motive is to marry her off to a high noble family , thereby gaining myself another connection to those in power . 
 however , she would n't draw much attention-she would be of low status , not to mention somewhat rural . '' 
 `` which would explain why she 's a bit less reﬁned than other court members , '' kelsier said . 
 `` no offense , vin . '' 
 vin looked up from hiding a piece of napkin-wrapped bread in her shirt pocket . 
 `` why would i be offended ? '' 
 kelsier smiled . 
 `` never mind . '' 
 renoux nodded to himself . 
 `` yes , this will work much better . 
 everyone assumes that house renoux will eventually join the high nobility , so they 'll accept vin into their ranks out of courtesy . 
 however , she herself will be unimportant enough that most people will ignore her . 
 that is the ideal situation for what we will want her to do . '' 
 `` i like it , '' kelsier said . 
 `` few people expect a man of your age and mercantile concerns to bother himself with balls and parties , but having a young socialite to send instead of a rejection note will serve as an advantage to your reputation . '' 
 `` indeed , '' renoux said . 
 `` she 'll need some reﬁnement , however-and not just in appearance . '' 
 vin squirmed a bit beneath their scrutiny . 
 it looked as if her part in the plan would go forward , and she suddenly realized what that meant . 
 being around renoux made her uncomfortable-and he was a fake nobleman . 
 how would she react to an entire room full of real ones ? 
 `` i 'm afraid i 'll have to borrow sazed from you for a while , '' kelsier said . 
 `` quite all right , '' renoux said . 
 `` he 's really not my steward , but yours . '' 
 `` actually , '' kelsier said , `` i do n't think he 's anybody 's steward anymore , eh saze ? '' 
 sazed cocked his head . 
 `` a terrisman without a master is like a soldier with no weapon , master kelsier . 
 i have enjoyed my time attending to lord renoux , as i am certain that i shall enjoy returning to your service . '' 
 `` oh , you wo n't be returning to my service , '' kelsier said . 
 sazed raised an eyebrow . 
 kelsier nodded toward vin . 
 `` renoux is right , saze . 
 vin needs some coaching , and i know plenty of high noblemen who are less reﬁned than yourself . 
 do you think you could help the girl prepare ? '' 
 `` i am certain that i could offer the young lady some aid , '' sazed said . 
 `` good , '' kelsier said , popping one last cake in his mouth , then rising . 
 `` i 'm glad that 's settled , because i 'm starting to feel tired-and poor vin looks like she 's about to nod off in the middle of her fruit plate . '' 
 `` i 'm ﬁne , '' vin said immediately , the assertion weakened slightly by a stiﬂed yawn . 
 `` sazed , '' renoux said , `` would you show them to the appropriate guest chambers ? '' 
 `` of course , master renoux , '' sazed said , rising from his seat in a smooth motion . 
 vin and kelsier trailed the tall terrisman from the room as a group of servants took away the remnants of the meal . 
 i left food behind , vin noticed , feeling a bit drowsy . 
 she was n't certain what to think of the occurrence . 
 as they crested the stairs and turned into a side hallway , kelsier fell into place beside vin . 
 `` i 'm sorry for excluding you back there , vin . '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` there 's no reason for me to know all of your plans . '' 
 `` nonsense , '' kelsier said . 
 `` your decision tonight makes you as much a part of this team as anyone else . 
 renoux 's words in private , however , were of a personal nature . 
 he is a marvelous actor , but he feels very uncomfortable with people knowing the speciﬁcs of how he took lord renoux 's place . 
 i promise you , nothing we discussed has any bearing on your part in the plan . '' 
 vin continued walking . 
 `` i. . . 
 believe you . '' 
 `` good , '' kelsier said with a smile , clapping her on the shoulder . 
 `` saze , i know my way to the men 's guest quarters-i was , after all , the one who bought this place . 
 i can make my way from here . '' 
 `` very well , master kelsier , '' sazed said with a respectful nod . 
 kelsier shot vin a smile , then turned down a hallway , walking with his characteristically lively step . 
 vin watched him go , then followed sazed down a different side passage , pondering the allomancy training , her discussion with kelsier in the carriage , and ﬁnally kelsier 's promise just a few moments before . 
 the three thousand boxings-a fortune in coins-was a strange weight tied to her belt . 
 eventually , sazed opened a particular door for her , walking in to light the lanterns . 
 `` the linens are fresh , and i will send maids to prepare you a bath in the morning . '' 
 he turned , handing her his candle . 
 `` will you require anything else ? '' 
 vin shook her head . 
 sazed smiled , bid her good evening , then walked back out in the hallway . 
 vin stood quietly for a short moment , studying the room . 
 then she turned , glancing once again in the direction kelsier had gone . 
 `` sazed ? '' 
 she said , peeking back out into the hallway . 
 the steward paused , turning back . 
 `` yes , mistress vin ? '' 
 `` kelsier , '' vin said quietly . 
 `` he 's a good man , is n't he ? '' 
 sazed smiled . 
 `` a very good man , mistress . 
 one of the best i 've known . '' 
 vin nodded slightly . 
 `` a good man ... '' she said softly . 
 `` i do n't think i 've ever known one of those before . '' 
 sazed smiled , then bowed his head respectfully and turned to leave . 
 vin let the door swing shut . 
 the end of part one part two rebels beneath a sky of ash in the end , i worry that my arrogance shall destroy us all . 
 9 vin pushed against the coin and threw herself up into the mist . 
 she ﬂew away from earth and stone , soaring through the dark currents of the sky , wind ﬂuttering her cloak . 
 this is freedom , she thought , breathing deeply of the cool , damp air . 
 she closed her eyes , feeling the passing wind . 
 this was what i was always missing , yet never knew it . 
 she opened her eyes as she began to descend . 
 she waited until the last moment , then ﬂicked a coin . 
 it hit the cobblestones , and she pushed against it lightly , slowing her descent . 
 she burned pewter with a ﬂash and hit the ground running , dashing along fellise 's quiet streets . 
 the late-autumn air was cool , but winters were generally mild in the central dominance . 
 some years passed without even a ﬂake of snow . 
 she tossed a coin backward , then used it to push herself slightly up and to the right . 
 she landed on a low stone wall , barely breaking stride as she ran spryly along the wall 's top . 
 burning pewter enhanced more than muscles-it increased all the body 's physical abilities . 
 keeping pewter at a low burn gave her a sense of balance that any night burglar would have envied . 
 the wall turned north , and vin paused at the corner . 
 she fell into a crouch , bare feet and sensitive ﬁngers gripping the chill stone . 
 her copper on to hide her allomancy , she ﬂared tin to strain her senses . 
 stillness . 
 aspens made insubstantial ranks in the mist , like emaciated skaa standing in their work lines . 
 estates rolled in the distance-each one walled , manicured , and well guarded . 
 there were far fewer dots of light in the city than there were in luthadel . 
 many of the homes were only part-time residences , their masters away visiting some other sliver of the final empire . 
 blue lines suddenly appeared before her-one end of each pointing at her chest , the other disappearing into the mists . 
 vin immediately jumped to the side , dodging as a pair of coins shot past in the night air , leaving trails in the mist . 
 she ﬂared pewter , landing on the cobbled street beside the wall . 
 her tin-enhanced ears picked out a scraping sound ; then a dark form shot into the sky , a few blue lines pointing to his coin pouch . 
 vin dropped a coin and threw herself into the air after her opponent . 
 they soared for a moment , ﬂying over the grounds of some unsuspecting nobleman . 
 vin 's opponent suddenly changed course in the air , jerking toward the mansion itself . 
 vin followed , letting go of the coin below her , instead burning iron and pulling on one of the mansion 's window latches . 
 her opponent hit ﬁrst , and she heard a thud as he ran into the side of the building . 
 he was off a second later . 
 a light brightened , and a confused head poked out of a window as vin spun in the air , landing feet-ﬁrst against the mansion . 
 she immediately kicked off of the vertical surface , angling herself slightly and pushing against the same window latch . 
 glass cracked , and she shot away into the night before gravity could reclaim her . 
 vin ﬂew through the mists , eyes straining to keep track of her quarry . 
 he shot a couple of coins back at her , but she pushed them away with a dismissive thought . 
 a hazy blue line fell downward-a dropped coin-and her opponent moved to the side again . 
 vin dropped her own coin and pushed . 
 however , her coin suddenly jerked backward along the ground-the result of a push from her opponent . 
 the sudden move changed the trajectory of vin 's jump , throwing her sideways . 
 she cursed , ﬂicking another coin to the side , using it to push herself back on track . 
 by then , she 'd lost her quarry . 
 all right ... she thought , hitting the soft ground just inside the wall . 
 she emptied a few coins into her hand , then tossed the mostly full pouch into the air , giving it a strong push in the direction she had seen her quarry disappear . 
 the pouch disappeared into the mists , trailing a faint blue allomantic line . 
 a scattering of coins suddenly shot from the bushes ahead , streaking toward her bag . 
 vin smiled . 
 her opponent had assumed that the ﬂying pouch was vin herself . 
 he was too far away to see the coins in her hand , just as he had been too far away for her to see the coins he carried . 
 a dark ﬁgure jumped out of the bushes , hopping up onto the stone wall . 
 vin waited quietly as the ﬁgure ran along the wall and slipped down onto the other side . 
 vin launched herself straight up into the air , then threw her handful of coins at the ﬁgure passing below . 
 he immediately pushed , sending the coins streaking away-but they were only a distraction . 
 vin landed on the ground before him , twin glass knives whipping from her sheathes . 
 she lunged , slashing , but her opponent jumped backward . 
 something 's wrong . 
 vin ducked and threw herself to the side as a handful of glittering coins-her coins , the ones her opponent had pushed away-shot back down from the sky into her opponent 's hand . 
 he turned and sprayed them in her direction . 
 vin dropped her daggers with a quiet yelp , thrusting her hands forward and pushing on the coins . 
 immediately , she was thrown backward as her push was matched by her opponent . 
 one of the coins lurched in the air , hanging directly between the two of them . 
 the rest of the coins disappeared into the mists , pushed sideways by conﬂicting forces . 
 vin ﬂared her steel as she ﬂew , and heard her opponent grunt as he was pushed backward as well . 
 her opponent hit the wall . 
 vin slammed into a tree , but she ﬂared pewter and ignored the pain . 
 she used the wood to brace herself , continuing to push . 
 the coin quivered in the air , trapped between the ampliﬁed strength of two allomancers . 
 the pressure increased . 
 vin gritted her teeth , feeling the small aspen bend behind her . 
 her opponent 's pushing was relentless . 
 will ... not ... be beaten ! 
 vin thought , ﬂaring both steel and pewter , grunting slightly as she threw the entire force of her strength at the coin . 
 there was a moment of silence . 
 then vin lurched backward , the tree cracking with a loud snap in the night air . 
 vin hit the ground in a tumble , splinters of wood scattering around her . 
 even tin and pewter were n't enough to keep her mind clear as she rolled across the cobblestones , eventually coming to a dizzy rest . 
 a dark ﬁgure approached , mistcloak ribbons billowing around him . 
 vin lurched to her feet , grasping for knives she 'd forgotten that she 'd dropped . 
 kelsier put down his hood and held her knives toward her . 
 one was broken . 
 `` i know it 's instinctual , vin , but you do n't have to put your hands forward when you push-nor do you have to drop what you 're holding . '' 
 vin grimaced in the darkness , rubbing her shoulder and nodding as she accepted the daggers . 
 `` nice job with the pouch , '' kelsier said . 
 `` you had me for a moment . '' 
 `` for all the good it did , '' vin grumbled . 
 `` you 've only been doing this for a few months , vin , '' he said lightly . 
 `` all things considered , your progress is fantastic . 
 i would , however , recommend that you avoid push-matches with people who weigh more than you . '' 
 he paused , eyeing vin 's short ﬁgure and thin frame . 
 `` which probably means avoiding them with pretty much everybody . '' 
 vin sighed , stretching slightly . 
 she 'd have more bruises . 
 at least they wo n't be visible . 
 now that the bruises camon had given her face were ﬁnally gone , sazed had warned her to be careful . 
 makeup could only cover so much , and she would have to look like a `` proper '' young noblewoman if she were going to inﬁltrate the court . 
 `` here , '' kelsier said , handing her something . 
 `` a souvenir . '' 
 vin held up the object-the coin they had pushed between them . 
 it was bent and ﬂattened from the pressure . 
 `` i 'll see you back at the mansion , '' kelsier said . 
 vin nodded , and kelsier disappeared into the night . 
 he 's right , she thought . 
 i 'm smaller , i weigh less , and i have a shorter reach than anyone i 'm likely to ﬁght . 
 if i attack someone head on , i 'll lose . 
 the alternative had always been her method anyway-to struggle quietly , to stay unseen . 
 she had to learn to use allomancy the same way . 
 kelsier kept saying that she was developing amazingly fast as an allomancer . 
 he seemed to think it was his teaching , but vin felt it was something else . 
 the mists ... the night prowling ... it all felt right to her . 
 she was not worried about mastering allomancy in time to help kelsier against other mistborn . 
 it was her other part in the plan that worried her . 
 sighing , vin hopped over the wall to search for her coin pouch . 
 up at the mansion-not renoux 's home , but one owned by some other nobleman-lights were on and people milled about . 
 none of them ventured deeply into the night . 
 the skaa would fear mistwraiths ; the nobility would have guessed that mistborn had caused the disturbance . 
 neither one was something a sane person would want to confront . 
 vin eventually traced her pouch by steel-line to the upper branches of a tree . 
 she pulled it slightly , tugging it down into her hand , then made her way back out to the street . 
 kelsier probably would have left the pouch behind-the two dozen or so clips it contained would n't have been worth his time . 
 however , for most of her life vin had scrounged and starved . 
 she just could n't force herself to be wasteful . 
 even tossing coins to jump with made her uncomfortable . 
 so , she used her coins sparingly as she traveled back toward renoux 's mansion , instead pushing and pulling off of buildings and discarded bits of metal . 
 the half-jumping , half-running gait of a mistborn came naturally to her now , and she did n't have to think much about her movements . 
 how would she fare , trying to pretend to be a noblewoman ? 
 she could n't hide her apprehensions , not from herself . 
 camon had been good at imitating noblemen because of his self-conﬁdence , and that was one attribute vin knew she did n't have . 
 her success with allomancy only proved that her place was in corners and shadows , not striding around in pretty dresses at courtly balls . 
 kelsier , however , refused to let her back out . 
 vin landed in a crouch just outside mansion renoux , pufﬁng slightly from exertion . 
 she regarded the lights with a slight feeling of apprehension . 
 you 've got to learn to do this , vin , kelsier kept telling her . 
 you 're a talented allomancer , but you 'll need more than steel-pushes to succeed against the nobility . 
 until you can move in their society as easily as you do in the mists , you 'll be at a disadvantage . 
 letting out a quiet sigh , vin rose from her crouch , then took off her mistcloak and stuffed it away for later retrieval . 
 then she walked up the steps and into the building . 
 when she asked after sazed , the mansion servants directed her to the kitchens , so she made her way into the closed-off , hidden section of the mansion that was the servants ' quarters . 
 even these parts of the building were kept immaculately clean . 
 vin was beginning to understand why renoux made such a convincing impostor : he did n't allow for imperfection . 
 if he maintained his impersonation half as well as he maintained order in his mansion , then vin doubted anyone would ever discover the ruse . 
 but , she thought , he must have some ﬂaw . 
 back in the meeting two months ago , kelsier said that renoux would n't be able to withstand scrutiny by an inquisitor . 
 perhaps they 'd be able to sense something about his emotions , something that gives him away ? 
 it was a small item , but vin had not forgotten it . 
 despite kelsier 's words about honesty and trust , he still had his secrets . 
 everyone did . 
 sazed was , indeed , to be found in the kitchens . 
 he stood with a middle-aged servant . 
 she was tall for a skaa woman-though standing next to sazed made her look diminutive . 
 vin recognized her as a member of the mansion staff ; cosahn was her name . 
 vin had made an effort to memorize all of the names of the local staff , if only to keep tabs on them . 
 sazed looked over as vin entered . 
 `` ah , mistress vin . 
 your return is quite timely . '' 
 he gestured to his companion . 
 `` this is cosahn . '' 
 cosahn studied vin with a businesslike air . 
 vin longed to return to the mists , where people could n't look at her like that . 
 `` it is long enough now , i think , '' sazed said . 
 `` probably , '' cosahn said . 
 `` but i can not perform miracles , master vaht . '' 
 sazed nodded . 
 `` vaht '' was , apparently , the proper title for a terrisman steward . 
 not quite skaa , but deﬁnitely not noblemen , the terrismen held a very strange place in imperial society . 
 vin studied the two of them suspiciously . 
 `` your hair , mistress , '' sazed said with a calm tone . 
 `` cosahn is going to cut it for you . '' 
 `` oh , '' vin said , reaching up . 
 her hair was getting a bit long for her taste-though somehow she doubted that sazed was going to let her have it cropped boyishly short . 
 cosahn waved to a chair , and vin reluctantly seated herself . 
 she found it unnerving to sit docilely while someone worked with shears so close to her head , but there was no getting around it . 
 after a few moments of running her hands through vin 's hair , `` tisk `` ing quietly , cosahn began to snip . 
 `` such beautiful hair , '' she said , almost as if to herself , `` thick , with a nice deep black color . 
 it 's a shame to see it cared for so poorly , master vaht . 
 many courtly women would die for hair like this-it has just enough body to lie full , but is straight enough to work with easily . '' 
 sazed smiled . 
 `` we 'll have to see that it receives better care in the future , '' he said . 
 cosahn continued her work , nodding to herself . 
 eventually , sazed walked over and took a seat just a few feet in front of vin . 
 `` kelsier has n't returned yet , i assume ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 sazed shook his head , and vin sighed . 
 kelsier did n't think she was practiced enough go with him on his nightly raids , many of which he went on directly following his training sessions with vin . 
 during the last two months , kelsier had put in appearances on the properties of a dozen different noble houses , both in luthadel and in fellise . 
 he varied his disguises and apparent motives , trying to create an air of confusion among the great houses . 
 `` what ? '' 
 vin asked , eyeing sazed , who was regarding her with a curious look . 
 the terrisman nodded his head slightly with respect . 
 `` i was wondering if you might be willing to listen to another proposal . '' 
 vin sighed , rolling her eyes . 
 `` fine . '' 
 it is n't like i can do anything else but sit here . 
 `` i think i have the perfect religion for you , '' sazed said , his normally stoic face revealing a glimmer of eagerness . 
 `` it is called ` trelagism , ' after the god trell . 
 trell was worshipped by a group known as the nelazan , a people who lived far to the north . 
 in their land , the day and night cycle was very odd . 
 during some months of the year , it was dark for most of the day . 
 during the summer , however , it only grew dark for a few hours at a time . 
 `` the nelazan believed that there was beauty in darkness , and that the daylight was more profane . 
 they saw the stars as the thousand eyes of trell watching them . 
 the sun was the single , jealous eye of trell 's brother , nalt . 
 since nalt only had one eye , he made it blaze brightly to outshine his brother . 
 the nelazan , however , were not impressed , and preferred to worship the quiet trell , who watched over them even when nalt obscured the sky . '' 
 sazed fell silent . 
 vin was n't sure how to respond , so she did n't say anything . 
 `` it really is a good religion , mistress vin , '' sazed said . 
 `` very gentle , yet very powerful . 
 the nelazan were not an advanced people , but they were quite determined . 
 they mapped the entire night sky , counting and placing every major star . 
 their ways suit you-especially their preference of the night . 
 i can tell you more , if you wish . '' 
 vin shook her head . 
 `` that 's all right , sazed . '' 
 `` not a good ﬁt , then ? '' 
 sazed said , frowning slightly . 
 `` ah , well . 
 i shall have to consider it some more . 
 thank you , mistress-you are very patient with me , i think . '' 
 `` consider it some more ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 `` that 's the ﬁfth religion you 've tried to convert me to , saze . 
 how many more can there be ? '' 
 `` five hundred and sixty two , '' sazed said . 
 `` or , at least , that is the number of belief systems i know . 
 there are , likely and unfortunately , others that have passed from this world without leaving traces for my people to collect . '' 
 vin paused . 
 `` and you have all of these religions memorized ? '' 
 `` as much as is possible , '' sazed said . 
 `` their prayers , their beliefs , their mythologies . 
 many are very similar-breakoffs or sects of one another . '' 
 `` even still , how can you remember all of that ? '' 
 `` i have . . 
 methods , '' sazed said . 
 `` but , what 's the point ? '' 
 sazed frowned . 
 `` the answer should be obvious , i think . 
 people are valuable , mistress vin , and so-therefore-are their beliefs . 
 since the ascension a thousand years ago , so many beliefs have disappeared . 
 the steel ministry forbids the worship of anyone but the lord ruler , and the inquisitors have quite diligently destroyed hundreds of religions . 
 if someone does n't remember them , then they will simply disappear . '' 
 `` you mean , '' vin said incredulously , `` you 're trying to get me to believe in religions that have been dead for a thousand years ? '' 
 sazed nodded . 
 is everyone involved with kelsier insane ? 
 `` the final empire can not last forever , '' sazed said quietly . 
 `` i do not know if master kelsier will be the one who ﬁnally brings its end , but that end will come . 
 and when it does - when the steel ministry no longer holds sway-men will wish to return to the beliefs of their fathers . 
 on that day they will look to the keepers , and on that day we shall return to mankind his forgotten truths . '' 
 `` keepers ? '' 
 vin asked as cosahn moved around to begin snipping at her bangs . 
 `` there are more like you ? '' 
 `` not many , '' sazed said . 
 `` but some . 
 enough to pass the truths on to the next generation . '' 
 vin sat thoughtfully , resisting the urge to squirm beneath cosahn 's ministrations . 
 the woman certainly was taking her time-when reen had cut vin 's hair , he had been ﬁnished after just a few quick hacks . 
 `` shall we go over your lessons while we wait , mistress vin ? '' 
 sazed asked . 
 vin eyed the terrisman , and he smiled just slightly . 
 he knew that he had her captive ; she could n't hide , or even sit at the window , staring out into the mists . 
 all she could do was sit and listen . 
 `` fine . '' 
 `` can you name all ten great houses of luthadel in order of power ? '' 
 `` venture , hasting , elariel , tekiel , lekal , erikeller , erikell , haught , urbain , and buvidas . '' 
 `` good , '' sazed said . 
 `` and you are ? '' 
 `` i am the lady valette renoux , fourth cousin to lord teven renoux , who owns this mansion . 
 my parents-lord hadren and lady fellette renoux-live in chakath , a city in the western dominance . 
 major export , wool . 
 my family works in trading dyes , speciﬁcally blushdip red , from the snails that are common there , and callowﬁeld yellow , made from tree bark . 
 as part of a trade agreement with their distant cousin , my parents sent me down here to luthadel , so i can spend some time at court . '' 
 sazed nodded . 
 `` and how do you feel about this opportunity ? '' 
 `` i am amazed and a little overwhelmed , '' vin said . 
 `` people will pay attention to me because they wish to curry favor with lord renoux . 
 since i 'm not familiar with the ways of court , i will be ﬂattered by their attention . 
 i will ingratiate myself to the court community , but i will stay quiet and out of trouble . '' 
 `` your memorization skills are admirable , mistress , '' sazed said . 
 `` this humble attendant wonders how much more successful might you be if you dedicated yourself to learning , rather than dedicating yourself to avoiding our lessons . '' 
 vin eyed him . 
 `` do all terrisman ` humble attendants ' give their masters as much lip as you do ? '' 
 `` only the successful ones . '' 
 vin eyed him for a moment , then sighed . 
 `` i 'm sorry , saze . 
 i do n't mean to avoid your lessons . 
 i just . . 
 the mists ... i get distracted sometimes . '' 
 `` well , fortunately and honestly , you are very quick to learn . 
 however , the people of the court have had their entire lives to study etiquette . 
 even as a rural noblewoman , there are certain things you would know . '' 
 `` i know , '' vin said . 
 `` i do n't want to stand out . '' 
 `` oh , you ca n't avoid that , mistress . 
 a newcomer , from a distant part of the empire ? 
 yes , they will notice you . 
 we just do n't want to make them suspicious . 
 you must be considered , then dismissed . 
 if you act too much like a fool , that will be suspect in and of itself . '' 
 great . 
 sazed paused , cocking his head slightly . 
 a few seconds later , vin heard footsteps in the hallway outside . 
 kelsier sauntered into the room , bearing a self-satisﬁed smile . 
 he pulled off his mistcloak , then paused as he saw vin . 
 `` what ? '' 
 she asked , sinking a little further into the chair . 
 `` the haircut looks good , '' kelsier said . 
 `` nice job , cosahn . '' 
 `` it was nothing , master kelsier . '' 
 vin could hear the blush in her voice . 
 `` i just work with what i have . '' 
 `` mirror , '' vin said , holding out her hand . 
 cosahn handed her one . 
 vin held it up , and what she saw gave her pause . 
 she looked ... like a girl . 
 cosahn had done a remarkable job of evening out the hair , and she had managed to get rid of the snags . 
 vin had always found that if her hair got too long , it had a tendency to stand up . 
 cosahn had done something about this too . 
 vin 's hair still was n't very long-it barely hung down over her ears-but at least it lay ﬂat . 
 you do n't want them to think of you as a girl , reen 's voice warned . 
 yet , for once , she found herself wanting to ignore that voice . 
 `` we might actually turn you into a lady , vin ! '' 
 kelsier said with a laugh , earning him a glare from vin . 
 `` first we 'll have to persuade her not to scowl so often , master kelsier , '' sazed noted . 
 `` that 's going to be hard , '' kelsier said . 
 `` she 's quite fond of making faces . 
 anyway , well done , cosahn . '' 
 `` i 've still got a little bit of trimming to do , master kelsier , '' the woman said . 
 `` by all means , continue , '' kelsier said . 
 `` but i 'm going to ﬁlch sazed for a moment . '' 
 kelsier winked at vin , smiled at cosahn , then he and sazed retreated from the room-once again leaving vin where she could n't eavesdrop . 
 kelsier peeked into the kitchen , watching vin sit sullenly in her chair . 
 the haircut really was good . 
 however , his compliments had an ulterior motive-he suspected that vin had spent far too much of her life being told that she was worthless . 
 perhaps if she had a bit more self-conﬁdence , she would n't try to hide so much . 
 he let the door slide shut , turning to sazed . 
 the terrisman waited , as always , with restful patience . 
 `` how is the training going ? '' 
 kelsier asked . 
 `` very well , master kelsier , '' sazed said . 
 `` she already knew some things from training she received at her brother 's hands . 
 above that , however , she is an extremely intelligent girl - perceptive and quick to memorize . 
 i did n't expect such skill from one who grew up in her circumstances . '' 
 `` a lot of the street children are clever , '' kelsier said . 
 `` the ones who are n't dead . '' 
 sazed nodded solemnly . 
 `` she is extremely reserved , and i sense that she does n't see the full value in my lessons . 
 she is very obedient , but is quick to exploit mistakes or misunderstandings . 
 if i do n't tell her exactly when and where to meet , i often have to search the entire mansion for her . '' 
 kelsier nodded . 
 `` i think it 's her way of maintaining a bit of control in her life . 
 anyway , what i really wanted to know is whether she 's ready or not . '' 
 `` i 'm not sure , master kelsier , '' sazed replied . 
 `` pure knowledge is not the equivalent of skill . 
 i 'm not certain if she has the ... poise to imitate a noblewoman , even a young and inexperienced one . 
 we 've done practice dinners , gone over conversational etiquette , and memorized gossip . 
 she seems skilled at it all , in a controlled situation . 
 she 's even done well sitting in on tea meetings when renoux entertains noble guests . 
 however , we wo n't really be able to tell if she can do this until we put her alone in a party full of aristocrats . '' 
 `` i wish she could practice some more , '' kelsier said with a shake of his head . 
 `` but every week we spend preparing increases the chances that the ministry will discover our budding army in the caves . '' 
 `` it is a test of balance , then , '' sazed said . 
 `` we must wait long enough to gather the men we need , yet move soon enough to avoid discovery . '' 
 kelsier nodded . 
 `` we ca n't pause for one crewmember - we 'll have to ﬁnd someone else to be our mole if vin does badly . 
 poor girl-i wish i had time to train her better in allomancy . 
 we 've barely covered the ﬁrst four metals . 
 i just do n't have enough time ! '' 
 `` if i might make a suggestion ... '' `` of course , saze . '' 
 `` send the child with some of the misting crewmembers , '' sazed said . 
 `` i hear that the man breeze is a very accomplished soother , and surely the others are equally skilled . 
 let them show mistress vin how to use her abilities . '' 
 kelsier paused thoughtfully . 
 `` that 's a good idea , saze . '' 
 `` but ? '' 
 kelsier glanced back toward the door , beyond which vin was still petulantly getting her haircut . 
 `` i 'm not sure . 
 today , when we were training , we got into a steelpush shoving match . 
 the kid has to weigh less than half what i do , but she gave me a decent pummeling anyway . '' 
 `` different people have different strengths in allomancy , '' sazed said . 
 `` yes , but the variance is n't usually this great , '' kelsier said . 
 `` plus , it took me months and months to learn how to manipulate my pushes and pulls . 
 it 's not as easy as it sounds-even something as simple as pushing yourself up onto a rooftop requires an understanding of weight , balance , and trajectory . 
 `` but vin ... she seems to know all these things instinctively . 
 true , she can only use the ﬁrst four metals with any skill , but the progress she 's made is amazing . '' 
 `` she is a special girl . '' 
 kelsier nodded . 
 `` she deserves more time to learn about her powers . 
 i feel a little guilty about pulling her into our plans . 
 she 'll probably end up at a ministry execution ceremony with the rest of us . '' 
 `` but that guilt wo n't stop you from using her to spy on the aristocracy . '' 
 kelsier shook his head . 
 `` no , '' he said quietly . 
 `` it wo n't . 
 we 'll need every advantage we can get . 
 just ... watch over her , saze . 
 from now on , you 'll act as vin 's steward and guardian at the functions she attends-it wo n't be odd for her to bring a terrisman servant with her . '' 
 `` not at all , '' sazed agreed . 
 `` in fact , it would be strange to send a girl her age to courtly functions without an escort . '' 
 kelsier nodded . 
 `` protect her , saze . 
 she might be a powerful allomancer , but she 's inexperienced . 
 i 'll feel a lot less guilty about sending her into those aristocratic dens if i know you 're with her . '' 
 `` i will protect her with my life , master kelsier . 
 i promise you this . '' 
 kelsier smiled , resting a thankful hand on sazed 's shoulder . 
 `` i feel pity for the man who gets in your way . '' 
 sazed bowed his head humbly . 
 he looked innocuous , but kelsier knew the strength that sazed hid . 
 few men , allomancers or not , would fare well in a ﬁght with a keeper whose anger had been roused . 
 that was probably why the ministry had hunted the sect virtually to extinction . 
 `` all right , '' kelsier said . 
 `` get back to your teaching . 
 lord venture is throwing a ball at the end of the week , and-ready or not-vin is going to be there . '' 
 it amazes me how many nations have united behind our purpose . 
 there are still dissenters , of course-and some kingdoms , regrettably , have fallen to wars that i could not stop . 
 still , this general unity is glorious , even humbling , to contemplate . 
 i wish that the nations of mankind had n't required such a dire threat to make them see the value of peace and cooperation . 
 10 vin walked along a street in the cracks-one of luthadel 's many skaa slums-with her hood up . 
 for some reason , she found the mufﬂed heat of a hood preferable to the oppressive red sunlight . 
 she walked with a slouch , eyes down , sticking near to the side of the street . 
 the skaa she passed had similar airs of dejection . 
 no one looked up ; no one walked with a straight back or an optimistic smile . 
 in the slums , those things would make one look suspicious . 
 she 'd almost forgotten how oppressive luthadel could be . 
 her weeks in fellise had accustomed her to trees and washed stone . 
 here , there was nothing white-no creeping aspens , no whitewashed granite . 
 all was black . 
 buildings were stained by countless , repetitive ashfalls . 
 air curled with smoke from the infamous luthadel smithies and a thousand separate noble kitchens . 
 cobblestones , doorways , and corners were clogged with soot-the slums were rarely swept clean . 
 it 's like . . 
 things are actually brighter at night than they are during the day , vin thought , pulling her patched skaa cloak close , turning a corner . 
 she passed beggars , huddled on corners , hands outstretched and hoping for an offering , their pleadings falling vainly on the ears of people who were themselves starving . 
 she passed workers , walking with heads and shoulders bowed , caps or hoods pulled down to keep ash out of their eyes . 
 occasionally , she passed squads of garrison town guards , walking with full armor-breastplate , cap , and black cloak-trying to look as intimidating as possible . 
 this last group moved through the slums , acting as the lord ruler 's hands in an area most obligators found too distasteful to visit . 
 the garrisoners kicked at beggars to make certain they were truly invalids , stopped wandering workers to harass them about being on the streets instead of working , and made a general nuisance of themselves . 
 vin ducked down as a group passed , pulling her hood close . 
 she was old enough that she should have been either bearing children or working in a mill , but her size often made her look younger in proﬁle . 
 either the ruse worked , or this particular squad was n't interested in looking for ditchers , for they let her pass with barely a glance . 
 she ducked around a corner , walking down an ash-drifted alley , and approached the soup kitchen at the end of the small street . 
 like most of its kind , the kitchen was dingy and poorly maintained . 
 in an economy where workers were rarely , if ever , given direct pay , kitchens had to be supported by the nobility . 
 some local lords-probably the owners of the mills and forges in the area-paid the kitchen owner to provide food for the local skaa . 
 the workers would be given meal tokens for their time , and would be allowed a short break at midday to go eat . 
 the central kitchen would allow the smaller businesses to avoid the costs of providing on-site meals . 
 of course , since the kitchen owner was paid directly , he could pocket whatever he could save on ingredients . 
 in vin 's experience , kitchen food was about as tasty as ashwater . 
 fortunately , she had n't come to eat . 
 she joined the line at the door , waiting quietly as workers presented their meal chips . 
 when her turn came , she pulled out a small wooden disk and passed it to the skaa man at the door . 
 he accepted the chip with a smooth motion , nodding almost imperceptibly to his right . 
 vin walked in the indicated direction , passing through a ﬁlthy dining room , ﬂoor scattered with tracked-in ash . 
 as she approached the far wall , she could see a splintery wooden door set in the room 's corner . 
 a man seated by the door caught her eyes , nodded slightly , and pushed the door open . 
 vin passed quickly into the small room beyond . 
 `` vin , my dear ! '' 
 breeze said , lounging at a table near the center of the room . 
 `` welcome ! 
 how was fellise ? '' 
 vin shrugged , taking a seat at the table . 
 `` ah , '' breeze said . 
 `` i 'd almost forgotten what a fascinating conversationalist you are . 
 wine ? '' 
 vin shook her head . 
 `` well , i would certainly like some . '' 
 breeze wore one of his extravagant suits , dueling cane resting across his lap . 
 the chamber was only lit by a single lantern , but it was far cleaner than the room outside . 
 of the four other men in the room , vin recognized only one-an apprentice from clubs 's shop . 
 the two by the door were obviously guards . 
 the last man appeared to be a regular skaa worker-complete with blackened jacket and ashen face . 
 his self-conﬁdent air , however , proved that he was a member of the underground . 
 probably one of yeden 's rebels . 
 breeze held up his cup , tapping its side with his ﬁngernail . 
 the rebel regarded it darkly . 
 `` right now , '' breeze said , `` you 're wondering if i 'm using allomancy on you . 
 perhaps i am , perhaps i am not . 
 does it matter ? 
 i 'm here by your leader 's invitation , and he ordered you to see that i was made comfortable . 
 and , i assure you , a cup of wine in my hand is absolutely necessary for my comfort . '' 
 the skaa man waited for a moment , then snatched the cup and stalked away , grumbling under his breath about foolish costs and wasted resources . 
 breeze raised an eyebrow , turning to vin . 
 he seemed quite pleased with himself . 
 `` so , did you push him ? '' 
 she asked . 
 breeze shook his head . 
 `` waste of brass . 
 did kelsier tell you why he asked you to come here today ? '' 
 `` he told me to watch you , '' vin said , a bit annoyed at being handed off to breeze . 
 `` he said he did n't have time to train me in all the metals . '' 
 `` well , '' breeze said , `` let us begin , then . 
 first , you must understand that soothing is about more than just allomancy . 
 it 's about the delicate and noble art of manipulation . '' 
 `` noble indeed , '' vin said . 
 `` ah , you sound like one of them , '' breeze said . 
 `` them who ? '' 
 `` them everyone else , '' breeze said . 
 `` you saw how that skaa gentleman treated me ? 
 people do n't like us , my dear . 
 the idea of someone who can play with their emotions , who can ` mystically ' get them to do certain things , makes them uncomfortable . 
 what they do not realize-and what you must realize-is that manipulating others is something that all people do . 
 in fact , manipulation is at the core of our social interaction . '' 
 he settled back , raising his dueling cane and gesturing with it slightly as he spoke . 
 `` think about it . 
 what is a man doing when he seeks the affection of a young lady ? 
 why , he is trying to manipulate her to regard him favorably . 
 what happens when old two friends sit down for a drink ? 
 they tell stories , trying to impress each other . 
 life as a human being is about posturing and inﬂuence . 
 this is n't a bad thing-in fact , we depend upon it . 
 these interactions teach us how to respond to others . '' 
 he paused , pointing at vin with the cane . 
 `` the difference between soothers and regular people is that we are aware of what we 're doing . 
 we also have a slight ... advantage . 
 but , is it really that much more ` powerful ' than having a charismatic personality or a ﬁne set of teeth ? 
 i think not . '' 
 vin paused . 
 `` besides , '' breeze added , `` as i mentioned , a good soother must be skilled far beyond his ability to use allomancy . 
 allomancy ca n't let you read minds or even emotions-in a way , you 're as blind as anyone else . 
 you ﬁre off pulses of emotions , targeted at a single person or in an area , and your subjects will have their emotions altered-hopefully producing the effect that you wished . 
 however , great soothers are those who can successfully use their eyes and instincts to know how a person is feeling before they get soothed . '' 
 `` what does it matter how they 're feeling ? '' 
 vin said , trying to cover her annoyance . 
 `` you 're just going to soothe them anyway , right ? 
 so , when you 're done , they 'll feel how you want them to . '' 
 breeze sighed , shaking his head . 
 `` what would you say if you knew i 'd soothed you on three separate occasions during our conversation ? '' 
 vin paused . 
 `` when ? '' 
 she demanded . 
 `` does it matter ? '' 
 breeze asked . 
 `` this is the lesson you must learn , my dear . 
 if you ca n't read how someone is feeling , then you 'll never have a subtle touch with emotional allomancy . 
 push someone too hard , and even the most blind of skaa will realize that they 're being manipulated somehow . 
 touch too softly , and you wo n't produce a noticeable effect - other , more powerful emotions will still rule your subject . '' 
 breeze shook his head . 
 `` it 's all about understanding people , '' he continued . 
 `` you have to read how someone is feeling , change that feeling by nudging it in the proper direction , then channel their newfound emotional state to your advantage . 
 that , my dear , is the challenge in what we do ! 
 it is difﬁcult , but for those who can do it well ... '' the door opened , and the sullen skaa man returned , bearing an entire bottle of wine . 
 he put it and a cup on the table before breeze , then went over to stand on the other side of the room , beside peepholes looking into the dining room . 
 `` there are vast rewards , '' breeze said with a quiet smile . 
 he winked at her , then poured some wine . 
 vin was n't certain what to think . 
 breeze 's opinion seemed cruel . 
 yet , reen had trained her well . 
 if she did n't have power over this thing , others would gain power over her through it . 
 she started burning copper-as kelsier had taught her-to shield herself from further manipulations on breeze 's part . 
 the door opened again , and a familiar vest-wearing form tromped in . 
 `` hey , vin , '' ham said with a friendly wave . 
 he walked over to the table , eyeing the wine . 
 `` breeze , you know that the rebellion does n't have the money for that kind of thing . '' 
 `` kelsier will reimburse them , '' breeze said with a dismissive wave . 
 `` i simply can not work with a dry throat . 
 how is the area ? '' 
 `` secure , '' ham said . 
 `` but i 've got tineyes on the corners just in case . 
 your bolt-exit is behind that hatch in the corner . '' 
 breeze nodded , and ham turned , looking at clubs 's apprentice . 
 `` you smoking back there , cobble ? '' 
 the boy nodded . 
 `` good lad , '' ham said . 
 `` that 's everything , then . 
 now we just have to wait for kell 's speech . '' 
 breeze checked his pocket watch . 
 `` he 's not scheduled for another few minutes . 
 shall i have someone fetch you a cup ? '' 
 `` i 'll pass , '' ham said . 
 breeze shrugged , sipping his wine . 
 there was a moment of silence . 
 finally , ham spoke . 
 `` so ... '' `` no , '' breeze interrupted . 
 `` but - '' `` whatever it is , we do n't want to hear about it . '' 
 ham gave the soother a ﬂat stare . 
 `` you ca n't push me into complacence , breeze . '' 
 breeze rolled his eyes , taking a drink . 
 `` what ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 `` what were you going to say ? '' 
 `` do n't encourage him , my dear , '' breeze said . 
 vin frowned . 
 she glanced at ham , who smiled . 
 breeze sighed . 
 `` just leave me out of it . 
 i 'm not in the mood for one of ham 's inane debates . '' 
 `` ignore him , '' ham said eagerly , pulling his chair a little bit closer to vin . 
 `` so , i 've been wondering . 
 by overthrowing the final empire are we doing something good , or are we doing something bad ? '' 
 vin paused . 
 `` does it matter ? '' 
 ham looked taken aback , but breeze chuckled . 
 `` well answered , '' the soother said . 
 ham glared at breeze , then turned back to vin . 
 `` of course it matters . '' 
 `` well , '' vin said , `` i guess we 're doing something good . 
 the final empire has oppressed the skaa for centuries . '' 
 `` right , '' ham said . 
 `` but , there 's a problem . 
 the lord ruler is god , right ? '' 
 vin shrugged . 
 `` does it matter ? '' 
 ham glared at her . 
 she rolled her eyes . 
 `` all right . 
 the ministry claims that he is god . '' 
 `` actually , '' breeze noted , `` the lord ruler is only a piece of god . 
 he is the sliver of inﬁnity-not omniscient or omnipresent , but an independent section of a consciousness that is . '' 
 ham sighed . 
 `` i thought you did n't want to be involved . '' 
 `` just making certain everyone has their facts correct , '' breeze said lightly . 
 `` anyway , '' ham said . 
 `` god is the creator of all things , right ? 
 he is the force that dictates the laws of the universe , and is therefore the ultimate source of ethics . 
 he is absolute morality . '' 
 vin blinked . 
 `` you see the dilemma ? '' 
 ham asked . 
 `` i see an idiot , '' breeze mumbled . 
 `` i 'm confused , '' vin said . 
 `` what 's the problem ? '' 
 `` we claim to be doing good , '' ham said . 
 `` but , the lord ruler-as god-deﬁnes what is good . 
 so , by opposing him we 're actually evil . 
 but , since he 's doing the wrong thing , does evil actually count as good in this case ? '' 
 vin frowned . 
 `` well ? '' 
 ham asked . 
 `` i think you gave me a headache , '' vin said . 
 `` i warned you , '' breeze noted . 
 ham sighed . 
 `` but , do n't you think it 's worth thinking about ? '' 
 `` i 'm not sure . '' 
 `` i am , '' breeze said . 
 ham shook his head . 
 `` no one around here likes to have decent , intelligent discussions . '' 
 the skaa rebel in the corner suddenly perked up . 
 `` kelsier 's here ! '' 
 ham raised an eyebrow , then stood . 
 `` i should go watch the perimeter . 
 think about that question , vin . '' 
 `` all right ... '' vin said as ham left . 
 `` over here , vin , '' breeze said , rising . 
 `` there are peepholes on the wall for us . 
 be a dear and bring my chair over , would you ? '' 
 breeze did n't look back to see if she did as requested . 
 she paused , uncertain . 
 with her copper on , he could n't soothe her , but ... eventually , she sighed and carried both chairs over to the side of the room . 
 breeze slid back a long , thin slat in the wall , revealing a view of the dining room . 
 a group of dirtied skaa men sat around tables , wearing brown work coats or ragged cloaks . 
 they were a dark group , with ash-stained skin and slumped postures . 
 however , their presence at the meeting meant that they were willing to listen . 
 yeden sat at a table near the front of the room , wearing his usual patched worker 's coat , his curly hair cut short during vin 's absence . 
 vin had expected some kind of grand entrance from kelsier . 
 instead , however , he simply walked quietly out of the kitchen . 
 he paused by yeden 's table , smiling and speaking quietly with the man for a moment , then he stepped up before the seated workers . 
 vin had never seen him in such mundane clothing before . 
 he wore a brown skaa coat and tan trousers , like many of the audience . 
 kelsier 's outﬁt , however , was clean . 
 no soot stained the cloth , and while it was of the same rough material that skaa commonly used , it bore no patches or tears . 
 the difference was stark enough , vin decided-if he 'd come in a suit , it would have been too much . 
 he put his arms behind his back , and slowly the crowd of workers quieted . 
 vin frowned , watching through the peep slit , wondering at kelsier 's ability to quiet a room of hungry men by simply standing before them . 
 was he using allomancy , perhaps ? 
 yet , even with her copper on , she felt a. . . 
 presence from him . 
 once the room fell quiet , kelsier began to speak . 
 `` you 've probably all heard of me , by now , '' he said . 
 `` and , you would n't be here if you were n't at least a little bit sympathetic to my cause . '' 
 beside vin , breeze sipped his drink . 
 `` soothing and rioting are n't like other kinds of allomancy , '' he said quietly . 
 `` with most metals , pushing and pulling have opposite effects . 
 with emotions , however , you can often produce the same result regardless of whether you soothe or riot . 
 `` this does n't hold for extreme emotional states - complete emotionlessness or utter passion . 
 however , in most cases , it does n't matter which power you use . 
 people are not like solid bricks of metal-at any given time , they will have a dozen different emotions churning within them . 
 an experienced soother can dampen everything but the emotion he wants to remain dominant . '' 
 breeze turned slightly . 
 `` rudd , send in the blue server , please . '' 
 one of the guards nodded , cracking the door and whispering something to the man outside . 
 a moment later , vin saw a serving girl wearing a faded blue dress move through the crowd , ﬁlling drinks . 
 `` my soothers are mixed with the crowd , '' breeze said , his voice growing distracted . 
 `` the serving girls are a sign , telling my men which emotions to soothe away . 
 they will work , just as i do ... '' he trailed off , concentrating as he looked into the crowd . 
 `` fatigue ... '' he whispered . 
 `` that 's not a necessary emotion right now . 
 hunger . . 
 distracting . 
 suspicion ... deﬁnitely not helpful . 
 yes , and as the soothers work , the rioters enﬂame the emotions we want the crowd to be feeling . 
 curiosity ... that 's what they need now . 
 yes , listen to kelsier . 
 you 've heard legends and stories . 
 see the man for yourself , and be impressed . '' 
 `` i know why you came today , '' kelsier said quietly . 
 he spoke without much of the ﬂamboyance vin associated with the man , his tone quiet , but direct . 
 `` twelve-hour days in a mill , mine , or forge . 
 beatings , lack of pay , poor food . 
 and , for what ? 
 so that you can return to your tenements at the day 's end to ﬁnd another tragedy ? 
 a friend , slain by an uncaring taskmaster . 
 a daughter , taken to be some nobleman 's plaything . 
 a brother , dead at the hand of a passing lord who was having an unpleasant day . '' 
 `` yes , '' breeze whispered . 
 `` good . 
 red , rudd . 
 send in the girl in light red . '' 
 another serving girl entered the room . 
 `` passion and anger , '' breeze said , his voice almost a mumble . 
 `` but just a bit . 
 just a nudge-a reminder . '' 
 curious , vin extinguished her copper for a moment , burning bronze instead , trying to sense breeze 's use of allomancy . 
 no pulses came from him . 
 of course , she thought . 
 i forgot about clubs 's apprentice - he 'd keep me from sensing any allomantic pulses . 
 she turned her copper back on . 
 kelsier continued to speak . 
 `` my friends , you 're not alone in your tragedy . 
 there are millions , just like you . 
 and they need you . 
 i 've not come to beg-we 've had enough of that in our lives . 
 i simply ask you to think . 
 where would you rather your energy be spent ? 
 on forging the lord ruler 's weapons ? 
 or , on something more valuable ? '' 
 he 's not mentioning our troops , vin thought . 
 or even what those who join with him are going to do . 
 he does n't want the workers to know details . 
 probably a good idea-those he recruits can be sent to the army , and the rest wo n't be able to give away speciﬁc information . 
 `` you know why i am here , '' kelsier said . 
 `` you know my friend , yeden , and what he represents . 
 every skaa in the city knows about the rebellion . 
 perhaps you 've considered joining it . 
 most of you will not-most of you will go back to your soot-stained mills , to your burning forges , to your dying homes . 
 you 'll go because this terrible life is familiar . 
 but some of you ... some of you will come with me . 
 and those are the men who will be remembered in the years to come . 
 remembered for having done something grand . '' 
 many of the workers shared glances , though some just stared at their half-empty soup bowls . 
 finally , someone near the back of the room spoke . 
 `` you 're a fool , '' the man said . 
 `` the lord ruler will kill you . 
 you do n't rebel against god in his own city . '' 
 the room fell silent . 
 tense . 
 vin sat up as breeze whispered to himself . 
 in the room , kelsier stood quietly for a moment . 
 finally , he reached up and pulled back the sleeves on his jacket , revealing the crisscrossed scars on his arms . 
 `` the lord ruler is not our god , '' he said quietly . 
 `` and he can not kill me . 
 he tried , but he failed . 
 for i am the thing that he can never kill . '' 
 with that , kelsier turned , walking from the room the way he had come . 
 `` hum , '' breeze said , `` well , that was a little dramatic . 
 rudd , bring back the red and send out the brown . '' 
 a serving woman in brown walked into the crowd . 
 `` amazement , '' breeze said . 
 `` and , yes , pride . 
 soothe the anger , for now ... '' the crowd sat quietly for a moment , the dining room eerily motionless . 
 finally , yeden stood up to speak and give some further encouragement , as well as an explanation of what the men should do , should they wish to hear more . 
 as he talked , the men returned to their meals . 
 `` green , rudd , '' breeze said . 
 `` hum , yes . 
 let 's make you all thoughtful , and give you a nudge of loyalty . 
 we would n't want anyone to run to the obligators , would we ? 
 kell 's covered his tracks quite well , but the less the authorities hear , the better , eh ? 
 oh , and what about you , yeden ? 
 you 're a bit too nervous . 
 let 's soothe that , take away your worries . 
 leave only that passion of yours-hopefully , it will be enough to cover up that stupid tone in your voice . '' 
 vin continued to watch . 
 now that kelsier had gone , she found it easier to focus on the crowd 's reactions , and on breeze 's work . 
 as yeden spoke , the workers outside seemed to react exactly according to breeze 's mumbled instructions . 
 yeden , too , showed effects of the soothing : he grew more comfortable , his voice more conﬁdent , as he spoke . 
 curious , vin let her copper drop again . 
 she concentrated , seeing if she could sense breeze 's touch on her emotions ; she would be included in his general allomantic projections . 
 he did n't have time to pick and choose individuals , except maybe yeden . 
 it was very , very difﬁcult to sense . 
 yet , as breeze sat mumbling to himself , she began to feel the exact emotions he described . 
 vin could n't help but be impressed . 
 the few times that kelsier had used allomancy on her emotions , his touch has been like a sudden , blunt punch to the face . 
 he had strength , but very little subtlety . 
 breeze 's touch was incredibly delicate . 
 he soothed certain emotions , dampening them while leaving others unaffected . 
 vin thought she could sense his men rioting on her emotions , too , but these touches were n't nearly as subtle as breeze 's . 
 she left her copper off , watching for touches on her emotions as yeden continued his speech . 
 he explained that the men who joined with them would have to leave family and friends for a time-as long as a year-but would be fed well during that time . 
 vin felt her respect for breeze continue to rise . 
 suddenly , she did n't feel so annoyed with kelsier for handing her off . 
 breeze could only do one thing , but he obviously had a great deal of practice at it . 
 kelsier , as a mistborn , had to learn all of the allomantic skills ; it made sense that he would n't be as focused in any one power . 
 i need to make certain he sends me to learn from the others , vin thought . 
 they 'll be masters at their own powers . 
 vin turned her attention back to the dining room as yeden wrapped up . 
 `` you heard kelsier , the survivor of hathsin , '' he said . 
 `` the rumors about him are true-he 's given up his thieving ways , and turned his considerable attention toward working for the skaa rebellion ! 
 men , we are preparing for something grand . 
 something that may , indeed , end up being our last struggle against the final empire . 
 join with us . 
 join with your brothers . 
 join with the survivor himself ! '' 
 the dining room fell silent . 
 `` bright red , '' breeze said . 
 `` i want those men to leave feeling passionate about what they 've heard . '' 
 `` the emotions will fade , wo n't they ? '' 
 vin said as a red-clothed serving girl entered the crowd . 
 `` yes , '' breeze said , sitting back and sliding the panel closed . 
 `` but memories stay . 
 if people associate strong emotion with an event , they 'll remember it better . '' 
 a few moments later , ham entered through the back door . 
 `` that went well . 
 the men are leaving invigorated , and a number of them are staying behind . 
 we 'll have a good set of volunteers to send off to the caves . '' 
 breeze shook his head . 
 `` it 's not enough . 
 dox takes a few days to organize each of these meetings , and we only get about twenty men from each one . 
 at this rate , we 'll never hit ten thousand in time . '' 
 `` you think we need more meetings ? '' 
 ham asked . 
 `` that 's going to be tough-we have to be very careful with these things , so only those who can be reasonably trusted are invited . '' 
 breeze sat for a moment . 
 finally , he downed the rest of his wine . 
 `` i do n't know-but we 'll have to think of something . 
 for now , let 's return to the shop . 
 i believe kelsier wishes to hold a progress meeting this evening . '' 
 kelsier looked to the west . 
 the afternoon sun was a poisonous red , shining angrily through a sky of smoke . 
 just below it , kelsier could see the silhouetted tip of a dark peak . 
 tyrian , closest of the ashmounts . 
 he stood atop clubs 's ﬂat-roofed shop , listening to workers returning home on the streets below . 
 a ﬂat roof meant having to shovel off ash occasionally , which was why most skaa buildings were peaked , but in kelsier 's opinion the view was often worth a bit of trouble . 
 below him , the skaa workers trudged in despondent ranks , their passing kicking up a small cloud of ash . 
 kelsier turned away from them , looking toward the northern horizon ... toward the pits of hathsin . 
 where does it go ? 
 he thought . 
 the atium reaches the city , but then disappears . 
 it is n't the ministry-we 've watched them-and no skaa hands touch the metal . 
 we assume it goes into the treasury . 
 we hope it does , at least . 
 while burning atium , a mistborn was virtually unstoppable , which was part of why it was so valuable . 
 but , his plan was about more than just wealth . 
 he knew how much atium was harvested at the pits , and dockson had researched the amounts that the lord ruler doled out-at exorbitant prices-to the nobility . 
 barely a tenth of what was mined eventually found its way into noble hands . 
 ninety percent of the atium produced in the world had been stockpiled , year after year , for a thousand years . 
 with that much of the metal , kelsier 's team could intimidate even the most powerful of the noble houses . 
 yeden 's plan to hold the palace probably seemed futile to many-indeed , on its own , it was doomed to fail . 
 however , kelsier 's other plans ... kelsier glanced down at the small , whitish bar in his hand . 
 the eleventh metal . 
 he knew the rumors about it-he 'd started them . 
 now , he just had to make good on them . 
 he sighed , turning eyes east , toward kredik shaw , the lord ruler 's palace . 
 the name was terris ; it meant `` the hill of a thousand spires . '' 
 appropriate , since the imperial palace resembled a patch of enormous black spears thrust into the ground . 
 some of the spires twisted , others were straight . 
 some were thick towers , others were thin and needlelike . 
 they varied in height , but each one was tall . 
 and each one ended in a point . 
 kredik shaw . 
 that 's where it had ended three years before . 
 and he needed to go back . 
 the trapdoor opened , and a ﬁgure climbed onto the roof . 
 kelsier turned with a raised eyebrow as sazed brushed off his robe , then approached in his characteristically respectful posture . 
 even a rebellious terrisman maintained the form of his training . 
 `` master kelsier , '' sazed said with a bow . 
 kelsier nodded , and sazed stepped up beside him , looking toward the imperial palace . 
 `` ah , '' he said to himself , as if understanding kelsier 's thoughts . 
 kelsier smiled . 
 sazed had been a valuable ﬁnd indeed . 
 keepers were necessarily secretive , for the lord ruler had hunted them practically since the day of ascension itself . 
 some legends claimed that the ruler 's complete subjugation of the terris people-including the breeding and stewardship programs-was simply an outgrowth of his hatred for keepers . 
 `` i wonder what he would think if he knew a keeper was in luthadel , '' kelsier said , `` barely a short walk from the palace itself . '' 
 `` let us hope we never ﬁnd out , master kelsier , '' sazed said . 
 `` i appreciate your willingness to come here to the city , saze . 
 i know it 's a risk . '' 
 `` this is a good work , '' sazed said . 
 `` and this plan is dangerous for all involved . 
 indeed , simply living is dangerous for me , i think . 
 it is not healthy to belong to a sect that the lord ruler himself fears . '' 
 `` fears ? '' 
 kelsier asked , turning to look up at sazed . 
 despite kelsier 's above-average height , the terrisman was still a good head taller . 
 `` i 'm not sure if he fears anything , saze . '' 
 `` he fears the keepers , '' sazed said . 
 `` deﬁnitely and inexplicably . 
 perhaps it is because of our powers . 
 we are not allomancers , but . . 
 something else . 
 something unknown to him . '' 
 kelsier nodded , turning back toward the city . 
 he had so many plans , so much work to do-and at the core of it all were the skaa . 
 the poor , humble , defeated skaa . 
 `` tell me about another one , saze , '' kelsier said . 
 `` one with power . '' 
 `` power ? '' 
 sazed asked . 
 `` that is a relative term when applied to religion , i think . 
 perhaps you would like to hear of jaism . 
 its followers were quite faithful and devout . '' 
 `` tell me about them . '' 
 `` jaism was founded by a single man , '' sazed said . 
 `` his true name is lost , though his followers simply called him ` the ja . ' 
 he was murdered by a local king for preaching discord - something he was apparently very good at-but that only made his following larger . 
 `` the jaists thought that they earned happiness proportional to their overt devotion , and were known for frequent and fervent professions of faith . 
 apparently , speaking with a jaist could be frustrating , since they tended to end nearly every sentence with ` praise the ja . ' '' 
 `` that 's nice , saze , '' kelsier said . 
 `` but power is more than just words . '' 
 `` oh , quite indeed , '' sazed agreed . 
 `` the jaists were strong in their faith . 
 legends say that the ministry had to wipe them out completely , since not one jaist would accept the lord ruler as god . 
 they did n't last long past the ascension , but only because they were so blatant that they were easy to hunt down and kill . '' 
 kelsier nodded , then he smiled , eyeing sazed . 
 `` you did n't ask me if i wanted to convert . '' 
 `` my apologies , master kelsier , '' sazed said , `` but the religion does not suit you , i think . 
 it has a level of brashness that you might ﬁnd appealing , but you would ﬁnd the theology simplistic . '' 
 `` you 're getting to know me too well , '' kelsier said , still regarding the city . 
 `` in the end , after kingdoms and armies had fallen , the religions were still ﬁghting , were n't they ? '' 
 `` indeed , '' sazed said . 
 `` some of the more resilient religions lasted all the way until the ﬁfth century . '' 
 `` what made them so strong ? '' 
 kelsier said . 
 `` how did they do it , saze ? 
 what gave these theologies such power over people ? '' 
 `` it was n't any one thing , i think , '' sazed said . 
 `` some were strong through honest faith , others because of the hope they promised . 
 others were coercive . '' 
 `` but they all had passion , '' kelsier said . 
 `` yes , master kelsier , '' sazed said with a nod . 
 `` that is a quite true statement . '' 
 `` that 's what we 've lost , '' kelsier said , looking over the city with its hundreds of thousands , barely a handful of whom would dare ﬁght . 
 `` they do n't have faith in the lord ruler , they simply fear him . 
 they do n't have anything left to believe in . '' 
 `` what do you believe in , if i may ask , master kelsier ? '' 
 kelsier raised an eyebrow . 
 `` i 'm not exactly sure yet , '' he admitted . 
 `` but overthrowing the final empire seems like a good start . 
 are there any religions on your list that include the slaughter of noblemen as a holy duty ? '' 
 sazed frowned disapprovingly . 
 `` i do not believe so , master kelsier . '' 
 `` maybe i should found one , '' kelsier said with an idle smile . 
 `` anyway , have breeze and vin returned yet ? '' 
 `` they arrived just before i came up here . '' 
 `` good , '' kelsier said with a nod . 
 `` tell them i 'll be down in a moment . '' 
 vin sat in her overstuffed chair in the conference room , legs tucked beneath her , trying to study marsh out of the corner of her eye . 
 he looked so much like kelsier . 
 he was just ... stern . 
 he was n't angry , nor was he grumpy like clubs . 
 he just was n't happy . 
 he sat in his chair , a neutral expression on his face . 
 the others had all arrived except for kelsier , and they were chatting quietly amongst themselves . 
 vin caught lestibournes 's eye and waved him over . 
 the teenage boy approached and crouched beside her chair . 
 `` marsh , '' vin whispered beneath the general hum of the room . 
 `` is that a nickname ? '' 
 `` notting without the call of his parents . '' 
 vin paused , trying to decipher the boy 's eastern dialect . 
 `` not a nickname , then ? '' 
 lestibournes shook his head . 
 `` he wasing one though . '' 
 `` what was it ? '' 
 `` ironeyes . 
 others stopped using it . 
 too calling close to an iron in the real eyes , eh ? 
 inquisitor . '' 
 vin glanced at marsh again . 
 his expression was hard , his eyes unwavering , almost like they were made of iron . 
 she could see why people would stop using the nickname ; even referring to a steel inquisitor made her shiver . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 lestibournes smiled . 
 he was an earnest boy . 
 strange , intense , and jumpy-but earnest . 
 he retreated to his stool as kelsier ﬁnally arrived . 
 `` all right , crew , '' he said . 
 `` what 've we got ? '' 
 `` besides the bad news ? '' 
 breeze asked . 
 `` let 's hear it . '' 
 `` it 's been twelve weeks , and we 've gathered under two thousand men , '' ham said . 
 `` even with the numbers the rebellion already has , we 're going to fall short . '' 
 `` dox ? '' 
 kelsier asked . 
 `` can we get more meetings ? '' 
 `` probably , '' dockson said from his seat beside a table stacked with ledgers . 
 `` are you sure you want to take that risk , kelsier ? '' 
 yeden asked . 
 his attitude had improved during the last few weeks - especially once kelsier 's recruits had begun to ﬁle in . 
 as reen had always said , results made quick friends . 
 `` we 're already in danger , '' yeden continued . 
 `` rumors are all over the underground . 
 if we make any more of a stir , the ministry is going to realize that something major is happening . '' 
 `` he 's probably right , kell , '' dockson said . 
 `` besides , there are only so many skaa willing to listen . 
 luthadel is big , true , but our movement here is limited . '' 
 `` all right , '' kelsier said . 
 `` so , we 'll start working the other towns in the area . 
 breeze , can you split your crew into two effective groups ? '' 
 `` i suppose , '' breeze said hesitantly . 
 `` we can have one team work in luthadel and the other work in surrounding towns . 
 i can probably make it to all of the meetings , assuming we organize them so they do n't happen at the same time . '' 
 `` that many meetings will expose us even more , '' yeden said . 
 `` and that , by the way , brings up another problem , '' ham said . 
 `` were n't we supposed to be working on inﬁltrating the ministry 's ranks ? '' 
 `` well ? '' 
 kelsier asked , turning to marsh . 
 marsh shook his head . 
 `` the ministry is tight-i need more time . '' 
 `` it 's not going to happen , '' clubs grumbled . 
 `` rebellion 's already tried it . '' 
 yeden nodded . 
 `` we 've tried to get spies into the inner ministries a dozen times . 
 it 's impossible . '' 
 the room fell silent . 
 `` i have an idea , '' vin said quietly . 
 kelsier raised an eyebrow . 
 `` camon , '' she said . 
 `` he was working on a job before you recruited me . 
 actually , it was the job that got us spotted by the obligators . 
 the core of that plan was organized by another thief , a crewleader named theron . 
 he was setting up a fake canal convoy to carry ministry funds to luthadel . '' 
 `` and ? '' 
 breeze asked . 
 `` those same canal boats would have brought new ministry acolytes to luthadel for the ﬁnal part of their training . 
 theron has a contact along the route , a lesser obligator who was open to bribes . 
 maybe we could get him to add an ` acolyte ' to the group from his local chapter . '' 
 kelsier nodded thoughtfully . 
 `` it 's worth looking into . '' 
 dockson scribbled something on a sheet with his fountain pen . 
 `` i 'll contact theron and see if his informant is still viable . '' 
 `` how are our resources coming ? '' 
 kelsier asked . 
 dockson shrugged . 
 `` ham found us two ex-soldier instructors . 
 the weapons , however ... well , renoux and i are making contacts and initiating deals , but we ca n't move very quickly . 
 fortunately , when the weapons come , they should come in bulk . '' 
 kelsier nodded . 
 `` that 's everything , right ? '' 
 breeze cleared his throat . 
 `` i 've . . 
 been hearing a lot of rumors on the streets , kelsier , '' he said . 
 `` the people are talking about this eleventh metal of yours . '' 
 `` good , '' kelsier said . 
 `` are n't you worried that the lord ruler will hear ? 
 if he has forewarning of what you 're going to do , it will be much more difﬁcult to ... resist him . '' 
 he did n't say `` kill , '' vin thought . 
 they do n't think that kelsier can do it . 
 kelsier just smiled . 
 `` do n't worry about the lord ruler - i 've got things under control . 
 in fact , i intend to pay the lord ruler a personal visit sometime during the next few days . '' 
 `` visit ? '' 
 yeden asked uncomfortably . 
 `` you 're going to visit the lord ruler ? 
 are you insa ... '' yeden trailed off , then glanced at the rest of the room . 
 `` right . 
 i forgot . '' 
 `` he 's catching on , '' dockson noted . 
 heavy footsteps sounded in the hallway , and one of ham 's guards entered a moment later . 
 he made his way to ham 's chair and whispered a brief message . 
 ham frowned . 
 `` what ? '' 
 kelsier asked . 
 `` an incident , '' ham said . 
 `` incident ? '' 
 dockson asked . 
 `` what kind of incident ? '' 
 `` you know that lair we met in a few weeks back ? '' 
 ham said . 
 `` the one where kell ﬁrst introduced his plan ? '' 
 camon 's lair , vin thought , growing apprehensive . 
 `` well , '' ham said , `` apparently the ministry found it . '' 
 it seems rashek represents a growing faction in terris culture . 
 a large number of the youths think that their unusual powers should be used for more than just ﬁeldwork , husbandry , and stonecarving . 
 they are rowdy , even violent-far different from the quiet , discerning terris philosophers and holy men that i have known . 
 they will have to be watched carefully , these terrismen . 
 they could be very dangerous , if given the opportunity and the motivation . 
 11 kelsier paused in the doorway , blocking vin 's view . 
 she stooped down , trying to peek past him into the lair , but too many people were in the way . 
 she could only tell that the door hung at an angle , splintered , the upper hinge torn free . 
 kelsier stood for a long moment . 
 finally , he turned , looking past dockson toward her . 
 `` ham is right , vin . 
 you may not want to see this . '' 
 vin stood where she was , looking at him resolutely . 
 finally , kelsier sighed , stepping into the room . 
 dockson followed , and vin could ﬁnally see what they had been blocking . 
 the ﬂoor was scattered with corpses , their twisted limbs shadowed and haunting in the light of dockson 's solitary lantern . 
 they were n't rotting yet-the attack had happened only that morning-but there was still a smell of death about the room . 
 the scent of blood drying slowly , the scent of misery and of terror . 
 vin remained in the doorway . 
 she 'd seen death before - seen it often , on the streets . 
 kniﬁngs in alleys . 
 beatings in lairs . 
 children dead of starvation . 
 she had once seen an old woman 's neck snapped by the backhand of an annoyed lord . 
 the body had lain in the street for three days before a skaa corpse crew had ﬁnally come for it . 
 yet , none of those incidents had the same air of intentional butchery that she saw in camon 's lair . 
 these men had n't simply been killed , they had been torn apart . 
 limbs lay separated from torsos . 
 broken chairs and tables impaled chests . 
 there were only a few patches of ﬂoor that were not covered in sticky , dark blood . 
 kelsier glanced at her , obviously expecting some sort of reaction . 
 she stood , looking over the death , feeling ... numb . 
 what should her reaction be ? 
 these were the men who had mistreated her , stolen from her , beaten her . 
 and yet , these were the men who had sheltered her , included her , and fed her when others might have simply given her to the whoremasters . 
 reen probably would have berated her for the traitorous sadness she felt at the sight . 
 of course , he had always been angry when-as a child-she 'd cried as they left one town for another , not wanting to leave the people she 'd grown to know , no matter how cruel or indifferent they were . 
 apparently , she had n't quite gotten over that weakness . 
 she stepped into the room , not shedding any tears for these men , yet at the same time wishing that they had not come to such an end . 
 in addition , the gore itself was disturbing . 
 she tried to force herself to maintain a stiff face in front of the others , but she found herself cringing occasionally , glancing away from mangled corpses . 
 the ones who had performed the attack had been quite ... thorough . 
 this seems extreme , even for the ministry , she thought . 
 what kind of person would do something like this ? 
 `` inquisitor , '' dockson said quietly , kneeling by a corpse . 
 kelsier nodded . 
 behind vin , sazed stepped into the room , careful to keep his robes clear of the blood . 
 vin turned toward the terrisman , letting his actions distract her from a particularly grisly corpse . 
 kelsier was a mistborn , and dockson was supposedly a capable warrior . 
 ham and his men were securing the area . 
 however , others-breeze , yeden , and clubs - had stayed behind . 
 the area was too dangerous . 
 kelsier had even resisted vin 's desire to come . 
 yet , he had brought sazed without apparent hesitation . 
 the move , subtle though it was , made vin regard the steward with a new curiosity . 
 why would it be too dangerous for mistings , yet safe enough for a terrisman steward ? 
 was sazed a warrior ? 
 how would he have learned to ﬁght ? 
 terrismen were supposedly raised from birth by very careful trainers . 
 sazed 's smooth step and calm face gave her few clues . 
 he did n't appear shocked by the carnage , however . 
 interesting , vin thought , picking her way through shattered furniture , stepping clear of blood pools , making her way to kelsier 's side . 
 he crouched beside a pair of corpses . 
 one , vin noticed in a moment of shock , had been ulef . 
 the boy 's face was contorted and pained , the front of his chest a mass of broken bones and ripped ﬂesh-as if someone had forcibly torn the rib cage apart with his hands . 
 vin shivered , looking away . 
 `` this is n't good , '' kelsier said quietly . 
 `` steel inquisitors do n't generally bother with simple thieving crews . 
 usually , the obligators would just come down with their troops and take everyone captive , then use them to make a good show on an execution day . 
 an inquisitor would only get involved if it had a special interest in the crew . '' 
 `` you think ... '' vin said . 
 `` you think it might be the same one as before ? '' 
 kelsier nodded . 
 `` there are only about twenty steel inquisitors in the whole of the final empire , and half of them are out of luthadel at any given time . 
 i ﬁnd it too much of a coincidence that you would catch one 's interest , escape , and then have your old lair get hit . '' 
 vin stood quietly , forcing herself to look down at ulef 's body and confront her sorrow . 
 he had betrayed her in the end , but for a time he had almost been a friend . 
 `` so , '' she said quietly , `` the inquisitor still has my scent ? '' 
 kelsier nodded , standing . 
 `` then this is my fault , '' vin said . 
 `` ulef and the others ... '' `` it was camon 's fault , '' kelsier said ﬁrmly . 
 `` he 's the one who tried to scam an obligator . '' 
 he paused , then looked over at her . 
 `` you going to be all right ? '' 
 vin looked up from ulef 's mangled corpse , trying to remain strong . 
 she shrugged . 
 `` none of them were my friends . '' 
 `` that 's kind of coldhearted , vin . '' 
 `` i know , '' she said with a quiet nod . 
 kelsier regarded her for a moment , then crossed the room to speak with dockson . 
 vin looked back at ulef 's wounds . 
 they looked like the work of some crazed animal , not a single man . 
 the inquisitor must have had help , vin told herself . 
 there is no way one person , even an inquisitor , could have done all this . 
 there was a pileup of bodies near the bolt exit , but a quick count told her that most-if not all-of the crew was accounted for . 
 one man could n't have gotten to all of them quickly enough ... could he have ? 
 there are a lot of things we do n't know about the inquisitors , kelsier had told her . 
 they do n't quite follow the normal rules . 
 vin shivered again . 
 footsteps sounded on the stairs , and vin grew tense , crouching and preparing to run . 
 ham 's familiar ﬁgure appeared in the stairwell . 
 `` area 's secure , '' he said , holding up a second lantern . 
 `` no sign of obligators or garrisoners . '' 
 `` that 's their style , '' kelsier said . 
 `` they want the massacre to be discovered-they left the dead as a sign . '' 
 the room fell silent save for a low mumbling from sazed , who stood at the far left side of the room . 
 vin picked her way over to him , listening to the rhythmic cadence of his voice . 
 eventually , he stopped speaking , then bowed his head and closed his eyes . 
 `` what was that ? '' 
 vin asked as he looked up again . 
 `` a prayer , '' sazed said . 
 `` a death chant of the cazzi . 
 it is meant to awaken the spirits of the dead and entice them free from their ﬂesh so that they may return to the mountain of souls . '' 
 he glanced at her . 
 `` i can teach you of the religion , if you wish , mistress . 
 the cazzi were an interesting people - very familiar with death . '' 
 vin shook her head . 
 `` not right now . 
 you said their prayer-is this the religion you believe in , then ? '' 
 `` i believe in them all . '' 
 vin frowned . 
 `` none of them contradict each other ? '' 
 sazed smiled . 
 `` oh , often and frequently they do . 
 but , i respect the truths behind them all-and i believe in the need for each one to be remembered . '' 
 `` then , how did you decide which religion 's prayer to use ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 `` it just seemed ... appropriate , '' sazed said quietly , regarding the scene of shadowed death . 
 `` kell , '' dockson called from the back of the room . 
 `` come look at this . '' 
 kelsier moved to join him , as did vin . 
 dockson stood by the long corridor-like chamber that had been her crew 's sleeping quarters . 
 vin poked her head inside , expecting to ﬁnd a scene similar to the one in the common room . 
 instead , there was only a single corpse tied to a chair . 
 in the weak light she could barely make out that his eyes had been gouged out . 
 kelsier stood quietly for a moment . 
 `` that 's the man i put in charge . '' 
 `` milev , '' vin said with a nod . 
 `` what about him ? '' 
 `` he was killed slowly , '' kelsier said . 
 `` look at the amount of blood on the ﬂoor , the way his limbs are twisted . 
 he had time to scream and struggle . '' 
 `` torture , '' dockson said , nodding . 
 vin felt a chill . 
 she glanced up at kelsier . 
 `` shall we move our base ? '' 
 ham asked . 
 kelsier slowly shook his head . 
 `` when clubs came to this lair , he would have worn a disguise to and from the meeting , hiding his limp . 
 it 's his job as a smoker to make certain that you ca n't ﬁnd him just by asking around on the street . 
 none of the people in this crew could have betrayed us-we should still be safe . '' 
 no one spoke the obvious . 
 the inquisitor should n't have been able to ﬁnd this lair either . 
 kelsier stepped back into the main room , pulling dockson aside and speaking to him in a quiet voice . 
 vin edged closer , trying to hear what they were saying , but sazed placed a restraining hand on her shoulder . 
 `` mistress vin , '' he said disapprovingly , `` if master kelsier wanted us to hear what he was saying , would he not speak in a louder voice ? '' 
 vin shot the terrisman an angry glance . 
 then she reached inside and burned tin . 
 the sudden stench of blood almost staggered her . 
 she could hear sazed 's breathing . 
 the room was no longer dark-in fact , the brilliant light of two lanterns made her eyes water . 
 she became aware of the stuffy , unventilated air . 
 and she could hear , quite distinctly , dockson 's voice . '' 
 ... went to check on him a couple times , like you asked . 
 you 'll ﬁnd him three streets west of the fourwell crossroads . '' 
 kelsier nodded . 
 `` ham , '' he said in a loud voice , causing vin to jump . 
 sazed looked down at her with disapproving eyes . 
 he knows something of allomancy , vin thought , reading the man 's expression . 
 he guessed what i was doing . 
 `` yes , kell ? '' 
 ham said , peeking out of the back room . 
 `` take the others back to the shop , '' kelsier said . 
 `` and be careful . '' 
 `` of course , '' ham promised . 
 vin eyed kelsier , then resentfully allowed herself to be ushered from the lair with sazed and dockson . 
 i should have taken the carriage , kelsier thought , frustrated by his slow pace . 
 the others could have walked back from camon 's lair . 
 he itched to burn steel and begin jumping toward his destination . 
 unfortunately , it was very difﬁcult to remain inconspicuous when ﬂying through the city during the full light of day . 
 kelsier adjusted his hat and continued walking . 
 a nobleman pedestrian was not an irregular sight , especially in the commercial district , where more fortunate skaa and less fortunate noblemen mixed on the streets-though each group did its best to ignore the other . 
 patience . 
 speed does n't matter . 
 if they know about him , he 's already dead . 
 kelsier entered a large crossroad square . 
 four wells sat in its corners , and a massive copper fountain-its green skin caked and blackened by soot-dominated the square 's center . 
 the statue depicted the lord ruler , standing dramatically in cloak and armor , a formless representation of the deepness dead in the water at his feet . 
 kelsier passed the fountain , its waters ﬂaked from a recent ashfall . 
 skaa beggars called out from the streetsides , their pitiful voices walking a ﬁne line between audibility and annoyance . 
 the lord ruler barely suffered them ; only skaa with severe disﬁgurements were allowed to beg . 
 their pitiful life , however , was not something even plantation skaa would envy . 
 kelsier tossed them a few clips , not caring that doing so made him stand out , and continued to walk . 
 three streets over , he found a much smaller crossroads . 
 it was also rimmed by beggars , but no ﬁne fountain splashed the center of this intersection , nor did the corners contain wells to draw trafﬁc . 
 the beggars here were even more pathetic-these were the sorry individuals who were too wretched to ﬁght themselves a spot in a major square . 
 malnourished children and age-withered adults called out with apprehensive voices ; men missing two or more limbs huddled in corners , their soot-stained forms almost invisible in the shadows . 
 kelsier reached reﬂexively for his coin purse . 
 stay on track , he told himself . 
 you ca n't save them all , not with coins . 
 there will be time for these once the final empire is gone . 
 ignoring the piteous cries-which became louder once the beggars realized he was watching them-kelsier studied each face in turn . 
 he had only seen camon brieﬂy , but he thought that he 'd recognize the man . 
 however , none of the faces looked right , and none of the beggars had camon 's girth , which should have still been noticeable despite weeks of starvation . 
 he 's not here , kelsier thought with dissatisfaction . 
 kelsier 's order-given to milev , the new crewleader-that camon be made a beggar had been carried out . 
 dockson had checked on camon to make certain . 
 camon 's absence in the square could simply mean that he 'd gained a better spot . 
 it could also mean that the ministry had found him . 
 kelsier stood quietly for a moment , listening to the beggars ' haunted moanings . 
 a few ﬂakes of ash began to ﬂoat down from the sky . 
 something was wrong . 
 there were n't any beggars near the north corner of the intersection . 
 kelsier burned tin , and smelled blood on the air . 
 he kicked off his shoes , then pulled his belt free . 
 his cloak clasp went next , the ﬁne garment dropping to the cobblestones . 
 that done , the only metal remaining on his body was in his coin pouch . 
 he dumped a few coins into his hand , then carefully made his way forward , leaving his discarded garments for the beggars . 
 the smell of death grew stronger , but he did n't hear anything except scrambling beggars behind him . 
 he edged onto the northern street , immediately noticing a thin alleyway to his left . 
 taking a breath , he ﬂared pewter and ducked inside . 
 the thin , dark alley was clogged with refuse and ash . 
 no one waited for him-at least , no one living . 
 camon , crewleader turned beggar , hung quietly from a rope tied far above . 
 his corpse spun leisurely in the breeze , ash falling lightly around it . 
 he had n't been hanged in the conventional fashion-the rope had been tied to a hook , then rammed down his throat . 
 the bloodied end of the hook jutted from his skin below the chin , and he swung with head tipped back , rope running out of his mouth . 
 his hands were tied , his still plump body showing signs of torture . 
 this is n't good . 
 a foot scraped the cobblestones behind , and kelsier spun , ﬂaring steel and spraying forth a handful of coins . 
 with a girlish yelp , a small ﬁgure ducked to the ground , coins deﬂected as she burned steel . 
 `` vin ? '' 
 kelsier said . 
 he cursed , reaching out and yanking her into the alleyway . 
 he glanced around the corner , watching the beggars perk up as they heard coins hit the cobblestones . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 he demanded , turning back . 
 vin wore the same brown overalls and gray shirt she had before , though she at least had the sense to wear a nondescript cloak with the hood up . 
 `` i wanted to see what you were doing , '' she said , cringing slightly before his anger . 
 `` this could have been dangerous ! '' 
 kelsier said . 
 `` what were you thinking ? '' 
 vin cowered further . 
 kelsier calmed himself . 
 you ca n't blame her for being curious , he thought as a few brave beggars scuttled in the street after the coins . 
 she 's just - kelsier froze . 
 it was so subtle he almost missed it . 
 vin was soothing his emotions . 
 he glanced down . 
 the girl was obviously trying to make herself invisible against the corner of the wall . 
 she seemed so timid , yet he caught a hidden glimmer of determination in her eyes . 
 this child had made an art of making herself seem harmless . 
 so subtle ! 
 kelsier thought . 
 how did she get so good so quickly ? 
 `` you do n't have to use allomancy , vin , '' kelsier said softly . 
 `` i 'm not going to hurt you . 
 you know that . '' 
 she ﬂushed . 
 `` i did n't mean it ... it 's just habit . 
 even still . '' 
 `` it 's all right , '' kelsier said , laying a hand on her shoulder . 
 `` just remember-no matter what breeze says , it 's bad manners to touch the emotions of your friends . 
 plus , the noblemen consider it an insult to use allomancy in formal settings . 
 those reﬂexes will get you into trouble if you do n't learn to control them . '' 
 she nodded , rising to study camon . 
 kelsier expected her to turn away in disgust , but she just stood quietly , a look of grim satisfaction on her face . 
 no , this one is n't weak , kelsier thought . 
 no matter what she 'd have you believe . 
 `` they tortured him here ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` out in the open ? '' 
 kelsier nodded , imagining the screams reverberating out to the uncomfortable beggars . 
 the ministry liked to be very visible with its punishments . 
 `` why the hook ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 `` it 's a ritual killing reserved for the most reprehensible of sinners : people who misuse allomancy . '' 
 vin frowned . 
 `` camon was an allomancer ? '' 
 kelsier shook his head . 
 `` he must have admitted to something heinous during his torture . '' 
 kelsier glanced at vin . 
 `` he must have known what you were , vin . 
 he used you intentionally . '' 
 she paled slightly . 
 `` then ... the ministry knows that i 'm a mistborn ? '' 
 `` perhaps . 
 it depends on whether camon knew or not . 
 he could have assumed you were just a misting . '' 
 she stood quietly for a moment . 
 `` what does this mean for my part in the job , then ? '' 
 `` we 'll continue as planned , '' kelsier said . 
 `` only a couple of obligators saw you at the canton building , and it takes a very rare man to connect the skaa servant and the well-dressed noblewoman as the same person . '' 
 `` and the inquisitor ? '' 
 vin asked softly . 
 kelsier did n't have an answer to that one . 
 `` come on , '' he ﬁnally said . 
 `` we 've already attracted too much attention . '' 
 what would it be like if every nation-from the isles in the south to the terris hills in the north-were united under a single government ? 
 what wonders could be achieved , what progress could be made , if mankind were to permanently set aside its squabblings and join together ? 
 it is too much , i suppose , to even hope for . 
 a single , uniﬁed empire of man ? 
 it could never happen . 
 12 vin resisted the urge to pick at her noblewoman 's dress . 
 even after a half week of being forced to wear one - sazed 's suggestion-she found the bulky garment uncomfortable . 
 it pulled tightly at her waist and chest , then fell to the ﬂoor with several layers of rufﬂed fabric , making it difﬁcult to walk . 
 she kept feeling as if she were going to trip - and , despite the gown 's bulk , she felt as if she were somehow exposed by how tight it was through the chest , not to mention the neckline 's low curve . 
 though she had exposed nearly as much skin when wearing normal , buttoning shirts , this seemed different somehow . 
 still , she had to admit that the gown made quite a difference . 
 the girl who stood in the mirror before her was a strange , foreign creature . 
 the light blue dress , with its white rufﬂes and lace , matched the sapphire barrettes in her hair . 
 sazed claimed he would n't be happy until her hair was at least shoulder-length , but he had still suggested that she purchase the broochlike barrettes and put them just above each ear . 
 `` often , aristocrats do n't hide their deﬁciencies , '' he had explained . 
 `` instead , they highlight them . 
 draw attention to your short hair , and instead of thinking you 're unfashionable , they might be impressed by the statement you are making . '' 
 she also wore a sapphire necklace-modest by noble standards , but still worth more than two hundred boxings . 
 it was complemented by a single ruby bracelet for accentuation . 
 apparently , the current fashion dictated a single splash of a different color to provide contrast . 
 and it was all hers , paid for by crew funds . 
 if she ran , taking the jewelry and her three thousand boxings , she could live for decades . 
 it was more tempting than she wanted to admit . 
 images of camon 's men , their corpses twisted and dead in the quiet lair , kept returning to her . 
 that was probably what waited for her if she remained . 
 why , then , did n't she go ? 
 she turned from the mirror , putting on a light blue silken shawl , the female aristocrat 's version of a cloak . 
 why did n't she leave ? 
 perhaps it was her promise to kelsier . 
 he had given her the gift of allomancy , and he depended on her . 
 perhaps it was her duty to the others . 
 in order to survive , crews needed each person to do their separate job . 
 reen 's training told her that these men were fools , but she was tempted , enticed , by the possibility that kelsier and the others offered . 
 in the end , it was n't the wealth or the job 's thrill that made her stay . 
 it was the shadowed prospect - unlikely and unreasonable , but still seductive-of a group whose members actually trusted one another . 
 she had to stay . 
 she had to know if it lasted , or if it was-as reen 's growing whispers promised-all a lie . 
 she turned and left her room , walking toward the front of mansion renoux , where sazed waited with a carriage . 
 she had decided to stay , and that meant she had to do her part . 
 it was time to make her ﬁrst appearance as a noblewoman . 
 the carriage shook suddenly , and vin jumped in surprise . 
 the vehicle continued normally , however , and sazed did n't move from his place in the driver 's seat . 
 a sound came from above . 
 vin ﬂared her metals , tensing , as a ﬁgure dropped down off the top of the carriage and landed on the footman 's rest just outside her door . 
 kelsier smiled as he peeked his head in the window . 
 vin let out a relieved breath , settling back into her seat . 
 `` you could have just asked us to pick you up . '' 
 `` no need , '' kelsier said , pulling open the carriage door and swinging inside . 
 it was already dark outside , and he wore his mistcloak . 
 `` i warned sazed i 'd be dropping by sometime during the trip . '' 
 `` and you did n't tell me ? '' 
 kelsier winked , pulling the door shut . 
 `` i ﬁgured i still owed you for surprising me in that alleyway last week . '' 
 `` how very adult of you , '' vin said ﬂatly . 
 `` i 've always been very conﬁdent in my immaturity . 
 so , are you ready for this evening ? '' 
 vin shrugged , trying to hide her nervousness . 
 she glanced down . 
 `` how . . 
 uh , do i look ? '' 
 `` splendid , '' kelsier said . 
 `` just like a noble young lady . 
 do n't be nervous , vin-the disguise is perfect . '' 
 for some reason , that did n't feel like the answer she 'd wanted to hear . 
 `` kelsier ? '' 
 `` yes ? '' 
 `` i 've been meaning to ask this for a while , '' she said , glancing out the window , though all she could see is mist . 
 `` i understand that you think this is important-having a spy among the nobility . 
 but ... well , do we really have to do it this way ? 
 could n't we get street informants to tell us what we need to know about house politics ? '' 
 `` perhaps , '' kelsier said . 
 `` but those men are called ` informants ' for a reason , vin . 
 every question you ask them gives a clue about your true motives-even meeting with them reveals a bit of information that they could sell to someone else . 
 it 's better to rely on them as little as possible . '' 
 vin sighed . 
 `` i do n't send you into danger heedlessly , vin , '' kelsier said , leaning forward . 
 `` we do need a spy among the nobility . 
 informants generally get their information from servants , but most aristocrats are not fools . 
 important meetings go on where no servant can overhear them . '' 
 `` and you expect me to be able to get into such meetings ? '' 
 `` perhaps , '' kelsier said . 
 `` perhaps not . 
 either way , i 've learned that it 's always useful to have someone inﬁltrate the nobility . 
 you and sazed will overhear vital items that street informants would n't think important . 
 in fact , just by being at these parties-even if you do n't overhear anything-you will get us information . '' 
 `` how so ? '' 
 vin asked , frowning . 
 `` make note of the people who seem interested in you , '' kelsier said . 
 `` those will be of the houses we want to watch . 
 if they pay attention to you , they 're probably paying attention to lord renoux-and there 's one good reason why they would be doing that . '' 
 `` weapons , '' vin said . 
 kelsier nodded . 
 `` renoux 's position as a weapons merchant will make him valuable to those who are planning military action . 
 these are the houses on which i 'll need to focus my attention . 
 there should already be a sense of tension among the nobility-hopefully , they 're starting to wonder which houses are turning against the others . 
 there has n't been an all-out war among the great houses for over a century , but the last one was devastating . 
 we need to replicate it . '' 
 `` that could mean the deaths of a lot of noblemen , '' vin said . 
 kelsier smiled . 
 `` i can live with that . 
 how about you ? '' 
 vin smiled despite her tension . 
 `` there 's another reason for you to do this , '' kelsier said . 
 `` sometime during this ﬁasco of a plan of mine , we might need to face the lord ruler . 
 i have a feeling that the fewer people we need to sneak into his presence , the better . 
 having a skaa mistborn hiding among the nobility ... well , it could be a powerful advantage . '' 
 vin felt a slight chill . 
 `` the lord ruler . . 
 will he be there tonight ? '' 
 `` no . 
 there will be obligators in attendance , but probably no inquisitors-and certainly not the lord ruler himself . 
 a party like this is far beneath his attention . '' 
 vin nodded . 
 she 'd never seen the lord ruler before - she 'd never wanted to . 
 `` do n't worry so much , '' kelsier said . 
 `` even if you were to meet him , you 'd be safe . 
 he ca n't read minds . '' 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 kelsier paused . 
 `` well , no . 
 but , if he can read minds , he does n't do it to everyone he meets . 
 i 've known several skaa who pretended to be noblemen in his presence-i did it several times myself , before ... '' he trailed off , glancing down toward his scar-covered hands . 
 `` he caught you eventually , '' vin said quietly . 
 `` and he 'll probably do so again , '' kelsier said with a wink . 
 `` but , do n't worry about him for now-our goal this evening is to establish lady valette renoux . 
 you wo n't need to do anything dangerous or unusual . 
 just make an appearance , then leave when sazed tells you . 
 we 'll worry about building conﬁdences later . '' 
 vin nodded . 
 `` good girl , '' kelsier said , reaching out and pushing open the door . 
 `` i 'll be hiding near the keep , watching and listening . '' 
 vin nodded gratefully , and kelsier jumped out of the carriage door , disappearing into the dark mists . 
 vin was unprepared for how bright keep venture would be in the darkness . 
 the massive building was enveloped in an aura of misty light . 
 as the carriage approached , vin could see that eight enormous lights blazed along the outside of the rectangular building . 
 they were as bright as bonﬁres , yet far more steady , and they had mirrors arranged behind them to make them shine directly on the keep . 
 vin had trouble determining their purpose . 
 the ball would happen indoors-why light the outside of the building ? 
 `` head inside , please , mistress vin , '' sazed said from his position above . 
 `` proper young ladies do not gawk . '' 
 vin shot him a glare he could n't see , but ducked her head back inside , waiting with impatient nervousness as the carriage pulled up to the massive keep . 
 it eventually rolled to a stop , and a venture footman immediately opened her door . 
 a second footman approached and held out a hand to help her down . 
 vin accepted his hand , trying with as much grace as possible to pull the frilled , bulky bottom of her dress out of the carriage . 
 as she carefully descended-trying not to trip-she was grateful for the footman 's steadying hand , and she ﬁnally realized why men were expected to help a lady out of her carriage . 
 it was n't a silly custom after all-the clothing was the silly part . 
 sazed surrendered the carriage and took his place a few steps behind her . 
 he wore robes even more ﬁne than his standard fare ; though they still maintained the same v-like pattern , they had a belted waist and wide , enveloping sleeves . 
 `` forward , mistress , '' sazed coached quietly from behind . 
 `` up the carpet , so that your dress does n't rub on the cobbles , and in through the main doors . '' 
 vin nodded , trying to swallow her discomfort . 
 she walked forward , passing noblemen and ladies in various suits and gowns . 
 though they were n't looking at her , she felt exposed . 
 her steps were nowhere near as graceful as those of the other ladies , who looked beautiful and comfortable in their gowns . 
 her hands began to sweat inside her silky , blue-white gloves . 
 she forced herself to continue . 
 sazed introduced her at the door , presenting her invitation to the attendants . 
 the two men , dressed in black and red servant 's suits , bowed and waved her in . 
 a crowd of aristocrats was pooling slightly in the foyer , waiting to enter the main hall . 
 what am i doing ? 
 she thought frantically . 
 she could challenge mist and allomancy , thieves and burglaries , mist-wraiths and beatings . 
 yet , facing these noblemen and their ladies ... going amongst them in the light , visible , unable to hide ... this terriﬁed her . 
 `` forward , mistress , '' sazed said in a soothing voice . 
 `` remember your lessons . '' 
 hide ! 
 find a corner ! 
 shadows , mists , anything ! 
 vin kept her hands clasped rigidly before her , walking forward . 
 sazed walked beside her . 
 out of the corner of her eyes , she could see concern on his normally calm face . 
 and well he should worry ! 
 everything he had taught her seemed ﬂeeting-vaporous , like the mists themselves . 
 she could n't remember names , customs , anything . 
 she stopped just inside the foyer , and an imperious-looking nobleman in a black suit turned to regard her . 
 vin froze . 
 the man looked her over with a dismissive glance , then turned away . 
 she distinctly heard the word `` renoux '' whispered , and she glanced apprehensively to the side . 
 several women were looking at her . 
 and yet , it did n't feel like they were seeing her at all . 
 they were studying the gown , the hair , and the jewelry . 
 vin glanced to the other side , where a group of younger men were watching her . 
 they saw the neckline , the pretty dress and the makeup , but they did n't see her . 
 none of them could see vin , they could only see the face she had put on-the face she wanted them to see . 
 they saw lady valette . 
 it was as if vin were n't there . 
 as if ... she were hiding , hiding right in front of their eyes . 
 and suddenly , her tension began to retreat . 
 she let out a long , calming breath , anxiety ﬂowing away . 
 sazed 's training returned , and she adopted the look of a girl amazed by her ﬁrst formal ball . 
 she stepped to the side , handing her shawl to an attendant , and sazed relaxed beside her . 
 vin shot him a smile , then swept forward into the main hall . 
 she could do this . 
 she was still nervous , but the moment of panic was over . 
 she did n't need shadows or corners-she just needed a mask of sapphires , makeup , and blue fabric . 
 the venture main hall was a grand and imposing sight . 
 four or ﬁve daunting stories high , the hall was several times as long as it was wide . 
 enormous , rectangular stained-glass windows ran in rows along the hall , and the strange , powerful lights outside shone on them directly , throwing a cascade of colors across the room . 
 massive , ornate stone pillars were set into the walls , running between the windows . 
 just before the pillars met the ﬂoor , the wall fell away , indenting and creating a single-story gallery beneath the windows themselves . 
 dozens of white-clothed tables sat in this area , shadowed behind the pillars and beneath the overhang . 
 in the distance , at the far end of the hallway , vin could make out a low balcony set into the wall , and this held a smaller group of tables . 
 `` the dining table of lord straff venture , '' sazed whispered , gesturing toward the far balcony . 
 vin nodded . 
 `` and those lights outside ? '' 
 `` limelights , mistress , '' sazed explained . 
 `` i 'm not certain the process used-somehow , the quicklime stones can be heated to brilliance without melting them . '' 
 a string orchestra played on a platform to her left , providing music for the couples who danced in the very center of the hall . 
 to her right , serving tables held platter upon platter of foods being attended by scurrying serving men in white . 
 sazed approached an attendant and presented vin 's invitation . 
 the man nodded , then whispered something in a younger servant 's ear . 
 the young man bowed to vin , then led the way into the room . 
 `` i asked for a small , solitary table , '' sazed said . 
 `` you wo n't need to mingle during this visit , i think . 
 just be seen . '' 
 vin nodded gratefully . 
 `` the solitary table will mark you as single , '' sazed warned . 
 `` eat slowly-once your meal is through , men will come to ask you to dance . '' 
 `` you did n't teach me to dance ! '' 
 vin said in an urgent whisper . 
 `` there was n't time , mistress , '' sazed said . 
 `` worry not - respectfully and rightly , you can refuse these men . 
 they will assume that you are simply ﬂustered by your ﬁrst ball , and no harm will be done . '' 
 vin nodded , and the serving man led them to a small table near the center of the hallway . 
 vin seated herself in the only chair while sazed ordered her meal . 
 he then stepped up to stand behind her chair . 
 vin sat primly , waiting . 
 most of the tables lay just beneath the overhang of the gallery-up close to the dancing-and that left a corridorlike walkway behind them , near the wall . 
 couples and groups passed along this , speaking quietly . 
 occasionally someone gestured or nodded toward vin . 
 well , that part of kelsier 's plan is working . 
 she was getting noticed . 
 she had to force herself not to cringe or sink down in her chair , however , as a high prelan strolled along the pathway behind her . 
 he was n't the one she had met , fortunately , though he had the same gray robes and dark tattoos around his eyes . 
 actually , there were a fair number of obligators at the party . 
 they strolled about , mingling with the partygoers . 
 and yet , there was an ... aloofness to them . 
 a division . 
 they hovered about , almost like chaperones . 
 the garrison watches the skaa , vin thought . 
 apparently , the obligators perform a similar function for the nobility . 
 it was an odd sight-she 'd always thought of the noblemen as being free . 
 and , truthfully , they were far more conﬁdent than the skaa . 
 many seemed to be enjoying themselves , and the obligators did n't seem to be acting really as police , or even speciﬁcally as spies . 
 and yet , they were there . 
 hovering about , joining in conversations . 
 a constant reminder of the lord ruler and his empire . 
 vin turned her attention away from the obligators-their presence still made her a bit uncomfortable-and instead focused on something else : the beautiful windows . 
 sitting where she was , she could see some of the ones directly across and up from where she sat . 
 they were religious , like many scenes preferred by the aristocracy . 
 perhaps it was to show devotion , or perhaps it was required . 
 vin did n't know enough-but , likely , that was something valette would n't know either , so it was all right . 
 she did , fortunately , recognize some of the scenes - mostly because of sazed 's teachings . 
 he seemed to know as much about the lord ruler 's mythology as he did about other religions , though it seemed odd to her that he would study the very religion he found so oppressive . 
 central to many of the windows was the deepness . 
 dark black-or , in window terms , violet-it was formless , with vengeful , tentaclelike masses creeping across several windows . 
 vin looked up at it , along with the brilliantly colored depictions of the lord ruler , and found herself a little bit transﬁxed by the backlit scenes . 
 what was it ? 
 she wondered . 
 the deepness ? 
 why depict it so formlessly-why not show what it really was ? 
 she 'd never really wondered about the deepness before , but sazed 's lessons left her wondering . 
 her instincts whispered scam . 
 the lord ruler had invented some terrible menace that he 'd been able to destroy in the past , therefore `` earning '' his place as emperor . 
 and yet , staring up at the horrible , twisting thing , vin could almost believe . 
 what if something like that had existed ? 
 and , if it had , how had the lord ruler managed to defeat it ? 
 she sighed , shaking her head at the thoughts . 
 already , she was beginning to think too much like a noblewoman . 
 she was admiring the beauty of the decorations-thinking about what they meant-without giving more than a passing thought to the wealth that had created them . 
 it was just that everything here was so wondrous and ornate . 
 the pillars in the hall were n't just normal columns , they were carved masterpieces . 
 wide banners hung from the ceiling just above the windows , and the arching , lofty ceiling was crisscrossed by structural buttressings and dotted with capstones . 
 somehow she knew each of those capstones was intricately carved , despite the fact that they were too far away to be seen from below . 
 and the dancers matched , perhaps even outshone , the exquisite setting . 
 couples moved gracefully , stepping to the soft music with seemingly effortless motions . 
 many were even chatting with one another while they danced . 
 the ladies moved freely in their dresses-many of which , vin noticed , made her own frilly garment look plain by comparison . 
 sazed was right : long hair was certainly the fashion , though an equal number kept their hair up as left it down . 
 surrounded by the majestic hall , the sharp-suited noblemen looked different , somehow . 
 distinguished . 
 were these the same creatures that beat her friends and enslaved the skaa ? 
 they seemed too ... perfect , too well-mannered , for such horrible acts . 
 i wonder if they even notice the outside world , she thought , crossing her arms on the table as she watched the dancing . 
 perhaps they ca n't see beyond their keeps and their balls - just like they ca n't see past my dress and makeup . 
 sazed tapped her shoulder , and vin sighed , adopting a more ladylike posture . 
 the meal arrived a few moments later-a feast of such strange ﬂavors that she would have been daunted , had she not eaten similar fare often during the last few months . 
 sazed 's lessons might have omitted dancing , but they had been quite extensive regarding dining etiquette , for which vin was grateful . 
 as kelsier had said , her main purpose of the evening was to make an appearance-and so it was important that she make a proper one . 
 she ate delicately , as instructed , and that allowed her to be slow and meticulous . 
 she did n't relish the idea of being asked to dance ; she was half afraid she 'd panic again if anyone actually spoke to her . 
 however , a meal could only be extended so long-especially one with a lady 's small portions . 
 she soon ﬁnished , and set her fork across the plate , indicating that she was done . 
 the ﬁrst suitor approached not two minutes later . 
 `` lady valette renoux ? '' 
 the young man asked , bowing just slightly . 
 he wore a green vest beneath his long , dark suit coat . 
 `` i am lord rian strobe . 
 would you care to dance ? '' 
 `` my lord , '' vin said , glancing down demurely . 
 `` you are kind , but this is my ﬁrst ball , and everything here is so grand ! 
 i fear that i 'll stumble from nervousness on the dance ﬂoor . 
 perhaps , next time ... ? '' 
 `` of course , my lady , '' he said with a courteous nod , then withdrew . 
 `` very well done , mistress , '' sazed said quietly . 
 `` your accent was masterful . 
 you will , of course , have to dance with him at the next ball . 
 we shall surely have you trained by then , i think . '' 
 vin ﬂushed slightly . 
 `` maybe he wo n't attend . '' 
 `` perhaps , '' sazed said . 
 `` but not likely . 
 the young nobility are quite fond of their nightly diversions . '' 
 `` they do this every night ? '' 
 `` nearly , '' sazed said . 
 `` the balls are , after all , a prime reason people come to luthadel . 
 if one is in town and there is a ball-and there almost always is-one generally attends , especially if one is young and unmarried . 
 you wo n't be expected to attend quite so frequently , but we should probably get you up to attending two or three a week . '' 
 `` two or three ... '' vin said . 
 `` i 'm going to need more gowns ! '' 
 sazed smiled . 
 `` ah , thinking like a noblewoman already . 
 now , mistress , if you will excuse me ... '' `` excuse you ? '' 
 vin asked , turning . 
 `` to the steward 's dinner , '' sazed said . 
 `` a servant of my rank is generally dismissed once my master 's meal is ﬁnished . 
 i hesitate to go and leave you , but that room will be ﬁlled with the self-important servants of the high nobility . 
 there will be conversations there that master kelsier wishes me to overhear . '' 
 `` you 're leaving me by myself ? '' 
 `` you 've done well so far , mistress , '' sazed said . 
 `` no major mistakes-or , at least , none that would n't be expected of a lady new to court . '' 
 `` like what ? '' 
 vin asked apprehensively . 
 `` we shall discuss them later . 
 just remain at your table , sipping your wine-try not to get it reﬁlled too often-and wait for my return . 
 if other young men approach , turn them away as delicately as you did the ﬁrst . '' 
 vin nodded hesitantly . 
 `` i shall return in about an hour , '' sazed promised . 
 he remained , however , as if waiting for something . 
 `` um , you are dismissed , '' vin said . 
 `` thank you , mistress , '' he said , bowing and withdrawing . 
 leaving her alone . 
 not alone , she thought . 
 kelsier 's out there somewhere , watching in the night . 
 the thought comforted her , though she wished she did n't feel the empty space beside her chair quite so keenly . 
 three more young men approached her for dances , but each one accepted her polite rejection . 
 no others came after them ; word had probably gotten around that she was n't interested in dancing . 
 she memorized the names of the four men who had approached her-kelsier would want to know them-and began to wait . 
 oddly , she soon found herself growing bored . 
 the room was well ventilated , but she still felt hot beneath the layers of fabric . 
 her legs were especially bad , since they had to deal with her ankle-long undergarments . 
 the long sleeves did n't help either , though the silky material was soft against her skin . 
 the dancing continued , and she watched with interest for a time . 
 however , her attention soon turned to the obligators . 
 interestingly , they did seem to serve some sort of function at the party . 
 though they often stood apart from the groups of chatting nobility , occasionally they would join in . 
 and , every so often , a group would pause and seek out an obligator , waving one over with a respectful gesture . 
 vin frowned , trying to decide what she was missing . 
 eventually , a group at a nearby table waved to a passing obligator . 
 the table was too far away to hear unaided , but with tin ... she reached inside to burn the metal , but then paused . 
 copper ﬁrst , she thought , turning the metal on . 
 she would have to grow accustomed to leaving it on almost all the time , so that she would n't expose herself . 
 her allomancy hidden , she burned tin . 
 immediately , the light in the room became blinding , and she had to close her eyes . 
 the band 's music became louder , and a dozen conversations around her turned from buzzes to audible voices . 
 she had to try hard to focus on the one she was interested in , but the table was the one closest to her , so she eventually singled out the appropriate voices . '' 
 ... swear that i 'll share news of my engagement with him before anyone else , '' one of the people said . 
 vin opened her eyes a slit-it was one of the noblemen at the table . 
 `` very well , '' said the obligator . 
 `` i witness and record this . '' 
 the nobleman reached out a hand , and coins clinked . 
 vin extinguished her tin , opening her eyes all the way in time to see the obligator wandering away from the table , slipping something-likely the coins-into a pocket of his robes . 
 interesting , vin thought . 
 unfortunately , the people at that table soon rose and went their separate ways , leaving vin without anyone close enough to eavesdrop upon . 
 her boredom returned as she watched the obligator stroll across the room toward one of his companions . 
 she began to tap on the table , idly watching the two obligators until she realized something . 
 she recognized one of them . 
 not the one who had taken the money earlier , but his companion , an older man . 
 short and ﬁrm-featured , he stood with an imperious air . 
 even the other obligator seemed deferential to him . 
 at ﬁrst , vin thought her familiarity came from her visit to the canton of finance with camon , and she felt a stab of panic . 
 then , however , she realized that this was n't the same man . 
 she 'd seen him before , but not there . 
 he was ... my father , she realized with stupefaction . 
 reen had pointed him out once , when they had ﬁrst come to luthadel , a year ago ; he had been inspecting the workers at a local forge . 
 reen had taken vin , sneaking her in , insisting that she at least see her father once-though she still did n't understand why . 
 she had memorized the face anyway . 
 she resisted the urge to shrink down in her chair . 
 there was no way the man would be able to recognize her-he did n't even know she existed . 
 she forcibly turned her attention away from him , looking up at the windows instead . 
 she could n't get that good a look at them , however , because the pillars and overhang restricted her view . 
 as she sat , she noticed something she had n't seen before-a lofty , inset balcony that ran just above the entire far wall . 
 it was like a counterpart to the alcove beneath the windows , except it ran at the top of the wall , between the stained-glass windows and the ceiling . 
 she could see movement upon it , couples and singles strolling along , looking down upon the party below . 
 her instincts drew her toward the balcony , from where she could watch the party without being seen herself . 
 it would also give her a wonderful view of the banners and the windows directly above her table , not to mention let her study the stonework without seeming to gawk . 
 sazed had told her to stay , but the more she sat , the more she found her eyes drawn toward the hidden balcony . 
 she itched to stand up and move , to stretch her legs and perhaps air them out a bit . 
 the presence of her father-oblivious of her or not-served only as another motivation for her to leave the main ﬂoor . 
 it is n't like anyone else is asking me to dance , she thought . 
 and i 've done what kelsier wanted , i 've been seen by the nobility . 
 she paused , then waved for a serving boy . 
 he approached with alacrity . 
 `` yes , lady renoux ? '' 
 `` how do i get up there ? '' 
 vin asked , pointing toward the balcony . 
 `` there are stairs just to the side of the orchestra , my lady , '' the boy said . 
 `` climb them to the top landing . '' 
 vin nodded her thanks . 
 then , determined , she stood and made her way to the front of the room . 
 no one gave her passing more than a glance , and she walked with more conﬁdence as she crossed the hallway to the stairwell . 
 the stone corridor twisted upward , curling upon itself , its steps short but steep . 
 little stained glass windows , no wider than her hand , ran up the outside wall-though they were dark in color , lacking backlight . 
 vin climbed eagerly , working away her restless energy , but she soon began to puff from the weight of the dress and the difﬁculty of holding it up so that she did n't trip . 
 a spark of burned pewter , however , made the climb effortless enough that she did n't sweat and ruin her makeup . 
 the climb proved to be worth the effort . 
 the upper balcony was dark-lit only by several small blue-glassed lanterns on the walls-and it gave an amazing view of the stained-glass windows . 
 the area was quiet , and vin felt practically alone as she approached the iron railing between two pillars , looking down . 
 the stone tiles of the ﬂoor below formed a pattern she had n't noticed , a kind of freeform curving of gray upon white . 
 mists ? 
 she wondered idly , leaning against the railing . 
 it , like the lantern bracket behind her , was intricate and detailed-both had been wrought in the form of thick , curving vines . 
 to her sides , the tops of the pillars were carved into stone animals that appeared frozen in the motion of jumping off of the balcony . 
 `` now , see , here 's the problem with going to reﬁll your cup of wine . '' 
 the sudden voice made vin jump , and she spun . 
 a young man stood behind her . 
 his suit was n't the ﬁnest she had seen , nor was his vest as bright as most . 
 both coat and shirt seemed to ﬁt too loosely , and his hair was just a bit disheveled . 
 he carried a cup of wine , and the outer pocket of his suit coat bulged with the shape of a book that was just a bit too big for its conﬁnes . 
 `` the problem is , '' the young man said , `` you return to ﬁnd that your favorite spot has been stolen by a pretty girl . 
 now , a gentleman would move on to another place , leaving the lady to her contemplations . 
 however , this is the best spot on the balcony-it 's the only place close enough to a lantern to have good reading light . '' 
 vin ﬂushed . 
 `` i 'm sorry , my lord . '' 
 `` ah , see , now i feel guilty . 
 all for a cup of wine . 
 look , there 's plenty of room for two people here-just scoot over a bit . '' 
 vin paused . 
 could she politely refuse ? 
 he obviously wanted her to stay near him-did he know who she was ? 
 should she try to ﬁnd out his name , so she could tell kelsier ? 
 she stepped a bit to the side , and the man took a place next to her . 
 he leaned back against the side pillar , and , surprisingly , took out his book and began to read . 
 he was right : the lantern shined directly on the pages . 
 vin stood for a moment , watching him , but he seemed completely absorbed . 
 he did n't even pause to look up at her . 
 is n't he going to pay me any attention at all ? 
 vin thought , puzzled at her own annoyance . 
 maybe i should have worn a fancier dress . 
 the man sipped at his wine , focused on the book . 
 `` do you always read at balls ? '' 
 she asked . 
 the young man looked up . 
 `` whenever i can get away with it . '' 
 `` does n't that kind of defeat the purpose of coming ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 `` why attend if you 're just going to avoid socializing ? '' 
 `` you 're up here too , '' he pointed out . 
 vin ﬂushed . 
 `` i just wanted to get a brief view of the hall . '' 
 `` oh ? 
 and why did you refuse all three men who asked you to dance ? '' 
 vin paused . 
 the man smiled , then turned back to his book . 
 `` there were four , '' vin said with a huff . 
 `` and i refused them because i do n't know how to dance very well . '' 
 the man lowered his book slightly , eyeing her . 
 `` you know , you 're a lot less timid than you look . '' 
 `` timid ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 `` i 'm not the one staring at his book when there 's a young lady standing by him , never having properly introduced himself . '' 
 the man raised a speculative eyebrow . 
 `` now , see , you sound like my father . 
 far better looking , but just as grumpy . '' 
 vin glared at him . 
 finally , he rolled his eyes . 
 `` very well , let me be a gentleman , then . '' 
 he bowed to her with a reﬁned , formal step . 
 `` i am lord elend . 
 lady valette renoux , might i have the pleasure of sharing this balcony with you whilst i read ? '' 
 vin folded her arms . 
 elend ? 
 family name or given name ? 
 should i even care ? 
 he just wanted his spot back . 
 but ... how did he know that i 'd refused dancing partners ? 
 somehow , she had a suspicion that kelsier would want to hear about this particular conversation . 
 oddly , she did n't feel a desire to shrug this man away as she had the others . 
 instead , she felt another stab of annoyance as he again raised his book . 
 `` you still have n't told me why you would rather read than participate , '' she said . 
 the man sighed , lowering the book again . 
 `` well , see , i 'm not exactly the best dancer either . '' 
 `` ah , '' vin said . 
 `` but , '' he said , raising a ﬁnger , `` that 's only part of it . 
 you may not realize this yet , but it 's not that hard to get overpartied . 
 once you attend ﬁve or six hundred of these balls , they start to feel a bit repetitive . '' 
 vin shrugged . 
 `` you 'd probably learn to dance better if you practiced . '' 
 elend raised an eyebrow . 
 `` you 're not going to let me get back to my book , are you ? '' 
 `` i was n't intending to . '' 
 he sighed , tucking the book back into his jacket pocket - which was beginning to show signs of book-shaped wear . 
 `` well , then . 
 do you want to go dance instead ? '' 
 vin froze . 
 elend smiled nonchalantly . 
 lord ! 
 he 's either incredibly smooth or socially incompetent . 
 it was disturbing that she could n't determine which . 
 `` that 's a no , i assume ? '' 
 elend said . 
 `` good-i thought i should offer , since we 've established that i 'm a gentleman . 
 however , i doubt the couples below would appreciate us trampling their toes . '' 
 `` agreed . 
 what were you reading ? '' 
 `` dilisteni , '' elend said . 
 `` trials of monument . 
 heard of it ? '' 
 vin shook her head . 
 `` ah , well . 
 not many have . '' 
 he leaned over the railing , looking below . 
 `` so , what do you think of your ﬁrst experience at court ? '' 
 `` it 's very ... overwhelming . '' 
 elend chuckled . 
 `` say what you will about house venture-they know how to throw a party . '' 
 vin nodded . 
 `` you do n't like house venture , then ? '' 
 she said . 
 perhaps this was one of the rivalries kelsier was watching for . 
 `` not particularly , no , '' elend said . 
 `` they 're an ostentatious lot , even for high nobility . 
 they ca n't just have a party , they have to throw the best party . 
 never mind that they run their servants ragged setting it up , then beat the poor things in retribution when the hall is n't perfectly clean the very next morning . '' 
 vin cocked her head . 
 not words i 'd expect to hear from a nobleman . 
 elend paused , looking a little embarrassed . 
 `` but , well , never mind that . 
 i think your terrisman is looking for you . '' 
 vin started , glancing over the side of the balcony . 
 sure enough , sazed 's tall form stood by her now-empty table , speaking to a serving boy . 
 vin yelped quietly . 
 `` i 've got to go , '' she said , turning toward the stairwell . 
 `` ah , well then , '' elend said , `` back to reading it is . '' 
 he gave her a half wave of farewell , but he had his book open before she passed the ﬁrst step . 
 vin reached the bottom out of breath . 
 sazed saw her immediately . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' she said , chagrined as she approached . 
 `` do not apologize to me , mistress , '' sazed said quietly . 
 `` it is both unseemly and unnecessary . 
 moving about a bit was a good idea , i think . 
 i would have suggested it , had you not seemed so nervous . '' 
 vin nodded . 
 `` is it time for us to go , then ? '' 
 `` it is a proper time to withdraw , if you wish , '' he said , glancing up at the balcony . 
 `` may i ask what you were doing up there , mistress ? '' 
 `` i wanted to get a better look at the windows , '' vin said . 
 `` but i ended up talking to someone . 
 he seemed interested in me at ﬁrst , but now i do n't think he ever intended to pay me much attention . 
 it does n't matter-he did n't seem important enough to bother kelsier with his name . '' 
 sazed paused . 
 `` who was it you were speaking to ? '' 
 `` the man in the corner there , on the balcony , '' vin said . 
 `` one of lord venture 's friends ? '' 
 vin froze . 
 `` is one of them named elend ? '' 
 sazed paled visibly . 
 `` you were chatting with lord elend venture ? '' 
 `` um ... yes ? '' 
 `` did he ask you to dance ? '' 
 vin nodded . 
 `` but i do n't think he meant it . '' 
 `` oh , dear , '' sazed said . 
 `` so much for controlled anonymity . '' 
 `` venture ? '' 
 vin asked , frowning . 
 `` like , keep venture ? '' 
 `` heir to the house title , '' sazed said . 
 `` hum , '' vin said , realizing that she should probably be a bit more intimidated than she felt . 
 `` he was a bit annoying - in a pleasant sort of way . '' 
 `` we should n't be discussing this here , '' sazed said . 
 `` you 're far , far below his station . 
 come , let us retire . 
 i should n't have gone away to the dinner ... '' he trailed off , mumbling to himself as he led vin to the entryway . 
 she got one more glimpse into the main chamber as she retrieved her shawl , and she burned tin , squinting against the light and seeking the balcony above . 
 he held the book , closed , in one hand-and she could have sworn that he was looking down in her direction . 
 she smiled , and let sazed usher her to their carriage . 
 i know that i should n't let a simple packman perturb me . 
 however , he is from terris , where the prophecies originated . 
 if anyone could spot a fraud , would it not be he ? 
 nevertheless , i continue my trek , going where the scribbled auguries proclaim that i will meet my destiny-walking , feeling rashek 's eyes on my back . 
 jealous . 
 mocking . 
 hating . 
 13 vin sat with her legs crossed beneath her on one of lord renoux 's ﬁne easy chairs . 
 it felt good to be rid of the bulky dress , instead getting back to a more familiar shirt and trousers . 
 however , sazed 's calm displeasure made her want to squirm . 
 he stood on the other side of the room , and vin got the distinct impression that she was in trouble . 
 sazed had questioned her in depth , seeking out every detail of her conversation with lord elend . 
 sazed 's inquiries had been respectful , of course , but they had also been forceful . 
 the terrisman seemed , in vin 's opinion , unduly worried about her exchange with the young nobleman . 
 they had n't really talked about anything important , and elend himself was decidedly unspectacular for a great house lord . 
 but , there had been something odd about him-something vin had n't admitted to sazed . 
 she 'd felt ... comfortable with elend . 
 looking back on the experience , she realized that for those few moments , she had n't really been lady valette . 
 nor had she been vin , for that part of her-the timid crewmember - was almost as fake as valette was . 
 no , she 'd simply been ... whoever she was . 
 it was a strange experience . 
 she had occasionally felt the same way during her time with kelsier and the others , but in a more limited manner . 
 how had elend been able to evoke her true self so quickly and so thoroughly ? 
 maybe he used allomancy on me ! 
 she thought with a start . 
 elend was a high nobleman ; perhaps he was a soother . 
 maybe there was more to the conversation than she had thought . 
 vin sat back in her chair , frowning to herself . 
 she 'd had copper on , and that meant he could n't have used emotional allomancy on her . 
 somehow , he had simply gotten her to let her guard down . 
 vin thought back to the experience , thinking about how oddly comfortable she 'd felt . 
 in retrospect , it was clear that she had n't been careful enough . 
 i 'll be more cautious next time . 
 she assumed that they would meet again . 
 they 'd better . 
 a servant entered and whispered quietly to sazed . 
 a quick burn of tin let vin hear the conversation-kelsier had ﬁnally returned . 
 `` please send word to lord renoux , '' sazed said . 
 the white-clothed servant nodded , leaving the room with a quick step . 
 `` the rest of you may leave , '' sazed said calmly , and the room 's attendants scampered away . 
 sazed 's quiet vigil had forced them to stand , waiting in the tense room , not speaking or moving . 
 kelsier and lord renoux arrived together , chatting quietly . 
 as always , renoux wore a rich suit cut in the unfamiliar western style . 
 the aging man kept his gray mustache trimmed thin and neat , and he walked with a conﬁdent air . 
 even after spending an entire evening among the nobility , vin was again struck by his aristocratic bearing . 
 kelsier still wore his mistcloak . 
 `` saze ? '' 
 he said as he entered . 
 `` you have news ? '' 
 `` i am afraid so , master kelsier , '' sazed said . 
 `` it appears that mistress vin caught the attention of lord elend venture at the ball tonight . '' 
 `` elend ? '' 
 kelsier asked , folding his arms . 
 `` is n't he the heir ? '' 
 `` he is indeed , '' renoux said . 
 `` i met the lad perhaps four years ago , when his father visited the west . 
 he struck me as a bit undigniﬁed for one of his station . '' 
 four years ? 
 vin thought . 
 there 's no way he 's been imitating lord renoux for that long . 
 kelsier only escaped the pits two years ago ! 
 she eyed the impostor , but-as always-was unable to detect a ﬂaw in his bearing . 
 `` how attentive was the boy ? '' 
 kelsier asked . 
 `` he asked her to dance , '' sazed said . 
 `` but mistress vin was wise enough to decline . 
 apparently , their meeting was a matter of idle happenstance-but i fear she may have caught his eye . '' 
 kelsier chuckled . 
 `` you taught her too well , saze . 
 in the future , vin , perhaps you should try to be a little less charming . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 vin asked , trying to mask her annoyance . 
 `` i thought we wanted me to be well liked . '' 
 `` not by a man as important as elend venture , child , '' lord renoux said . 
 `` we sent you to court so you could make alliances-not scandals . '' 
 kelsier nodded . 
 `` venture is young , eligible , and heir to a powerful house . 
 your having a relationship with him could make serious problems for us . 
 the women of the court would be jealous of you , and the older men would disapprove of the rank difference . 
 you 'd alienate yourself from large sections of the court . 
 to get the information we need , we need the aristocracy to see you as uncertain , unimportant , and-most importantly-unthreatening . '' 
 `` besides , child , '' lord renoux said . 
 `` it is unlikely that elend venture has any real interest in you . 
 he is known to be a court eccentric-he is probably just trying to heighten his reputation by doing the unexpected . '' 
 vin felt her face ﬂush . 
 he 's probably right , she told herself sternly . 
 still , she could n't help feeling annoyed at the three of them-especially kelsier , with his ﬂippant , unconcerned attitude . 
 `` yes , '' kelsier said , `` it 's probably best that you avoid venture completely . 
 try to offend him or something . 
 give him a couple of those glares you do . '' 
 vin regarded kelsier with a ﬂat look . 
 `` that 's the one ! '' 
 kelsier said with a laugh . 
 vin clinched her teeth , then forced herself to relax . 
 `` i saw my father at the ball tonight , '' she said , hoping to distract kelsier and the others away from lord venture . 
 `` really ? '' 
 kelsier asked with interest . 
 vin nodded . 
 `` i recognized him from a time my brother pointed him out to me . '' 
 `` what is this ? '' 
 renoux asked . 
 `` vin 's father is an obligator , '' kelsier said . 
 `` and , apparently an important one if he has enough pull to go to a ball like this . 
 do you know what his name is ? '' 
 vin shook her head . 
 `` description ? '' 
 kelsier asked . 
 `` uh ... bald , eye tattoos ... '' kelsier chuckled . 
 `` just point him out to me sometime , all right ? '' 
 vin nodded , and kelsier turned to sazed . 
 `` now , did you bring me the names of which noblemen asked vin to dance ? '' 
 sazed nodded . 
 `` she gave me a list , master kelsier . 
 i also have several interesting tidbits to share from the stewards ' meal . '' 
 `` good , '' kelsier said , glancing at the grandfather clock in the corner . 
 `` you 'll have to save them for tomorrow morning , though . 
 i 've got to be going . '' 
 `` going ? '' 
 vin asked , perking up . 
 `` but you just got in ! '' 
 `` that 's the funny thing about arriving somewhere , vin , '' he said with a wink . 
 `` once you 're there , the only thing you can really do is leave again . 
 get some sleep-you 're looking a bit ragged . '' 
 kelsier waved a farewell to the group , then ducked out of the room , whistling amiably to himself . 
 too nonchalant , vin thought . 
 and too secretive . 
 he usually tells us which families he plans to hit . 
 `` i think i will retire , '' vin said , yawning . 
 sazed eyed her suspiciously , but let her go as renoux began speaking quietly to him . 
 vin scrambled up the stairs to her room , threw on her mistcloak , and pushed open her balcony doors . 
 mist poured into the room . 
 she ﬂared iron , and was rewarded with the sight of a fading blue metal line , pointing into the distance . 
 let 's see where you 're going , master kelsier . 
 vin burned steel , pushing herself into the cold , humid autumn night . 
 tin enhanced her eyes , making the wet air tickle her throat as she breathed . 
 she pushed hard behind her , then pulled slightly on the gates below . 
 the maneuver swung her in a soaring arc over the steel gates , which she then pushed against to throw herself farther into the air . 
 she kept an eye on the trail of blue that pointed toward kelsier , following him at enough of a distance to remain unseen . 
 she was n't carrying any metal-not even coins-and she kept her copper burning to hide her use of allomancy . 
 theoretically , only sound could alert kelsier of her presence , and so she moved as quietly as possible . 
 surprisingly , kelsier did n't head into town . 
 after passing the mansion 's gates , he turned north out of the city . 
 vin followed , landing and running quietly on the rough ground . 
 where is he going ? 
 she thought with confusion . 
 is he circling fellise ? 
 heading for one of the peripheral mansions ? 
 kelsier continued northward for a short time , then his metal line suddenly began to grow dim . 
 vin paused , stopping beside a group of stumpy trees . 
 the line faded at a rapid rate : kelsier had suddenly sped up . 
 she cursed to herself , breaking into a dash . 
 ahead , kelsier 's line vanished into the night . 
 vin sighed , slowing . 
 she ﬂared her iron , but it was barely enough to catch a glimpse of him disappearing again in the distance . 
 she 'd never keep up . 
 her ﬂared iron , however , showed her something else . 
 she frowned , continuing forward until she reached a stationary source of metal-two small bronze bars stuck into the ground a couple feet from each other . 
 she ﬂipped one up into her hand , then looked into the swirling mists to the north . 
 he 's jumping , she thought . 
 but why ? 
 jumping was faster than walking , but there did n't seem much point to it in the empty wilderness . 
 unless ... she walked forward , and she soon found two more bronze bars embedded in the earth . 
 vin glanced backward . 
 it was hard to tell in the night , but it seemed that the four bars made a line that pointed directly toward luthadel . 
 so that 's how he does it , she thought . 
 kelsier had an uncanny ability to move between luthadel and fellise with remarkable speed . 
 she 'd assumed that he was using horses , but it appeared that there was a better way . 
 he-or perhaps someone before him-had laid down an allomantic road between the two cities . 
 she gripped the ﬁrst bar in her palm-she 'd need it to soften her landing if she was wrong-then stepped up in front of the second pair of bars and launched herself into the air . 
 she pushed hard , ﬂaring her steel , throwing herself as far up into the sky as she could . 
 as she ﬂew , she ﬂared her iron , searching for other sources of metal . 
 they soon appeared - two directly north , and two more in the distance to either side of her . 
 the ones on the sides are for course corrections , she realized . 
 she 'd have to keep moving directly north if she wanted to stay on the bronze highway . 
 she nudged herself slightly to the left-moving so that she passed directly between the two adjacent bars of the main path-then hurled herself forward again in an arcing leap . 
 she got the hang of it quickly , hopping from point to point , never dropping even close to the ground . 
 in just a few minutes , she had the rhythm down so well that she barely had to do any corrections from the sides . 
 her progress across the scraggly landscape was incredibly swift . 
 the mists blew by , her mistcloak whipping and ﬂapping behind her . 
 still , she forced herself to speed up . 
 she 'd spent too long studying the bronze bars . 
 she had to catch up to kelsier ; otherwise she 'd arrive in luthadel , but not know where to go from there . 
 she began to throw herself from point to point at an almost reckless speed , watching desperately for some sign of allomantic motion . 
 after about ten minutes of leaping , a line of blue ﬁnally appeared ahead of her-one pointing up , rather than down toward bars in the ground . 
 she breathed in relief . 
 then a second line appeared , and a third . 
 vin frowned , letting herself drop to the ground with a muted thump . 
 she ﬂared tin , and a massive shadow appeared in the night before her , its top sparkling with balls of light . 
 the city wall , she thought with amazement . 
 so soon ? 
 i made the trip twice as fast as a man on horseback ! 
 however , that meant she 'd lost kelsier . 
 frowning to herself , she used the bar she 'd been carrying to throw herself up onto the battlements . 
 once she landed on the damp stone , she reached behind and pulled the bar up into her hand . 
 then she approached the other side of the wall , hopping up and crouching on the stone railing as she scanned the city . 
 what now ? 
 she thought with annoyance . 
 head back to fellise ? 
 stop by clubs 's shop and see if he went there ? 
 she sat uncertainly for a moment , then threw herself off the wall and began making her way across the rooftops . 
 she wandered randomly , pushing off of window clasps and bits of metal , using the bronze bar-then pulling it back into her hand-when long jumps were necessary . 
 it was n't until she arrived that she realized she 'd unconsciously gone to a speciﬁc destination . 
 keep venture rose before her in the night . 
 the limelights had been extinguished , and only a few phantom torches burned near guard posts . 
 vin crouched on the lip on a rooftop , trying to decide what had led her back to the massive keep . 
 the cool wind rufﬂed her hair and cloak , and she thought she felt a few tiny raindrops on her cheek . 
 she sat for a long moment , her toes growing cold . 
 then she noticed motion to her right . 
 she crouched immediately , ﬂaring her tin . 
 kelsier sat on a rooftop not three houses away , just barely lit by ambient light . 
 he did n't seem to have noticed her . 
 he was watching the keep , his face too distant for her to read his expression . 
 vin watched him with suspicious eyes . 
 he 'd dismissed her meeting with elend , but perhaps it worried him more than he 'd admitted . 
 a sudden spike of fear made her tense . 
 could he be here to kill elend ? 
 the assassination of a high noble heir would certainly create tension amongst the nobility . 
 vin waited apprehensively . 
 eventually , however , kelsier stood and walked away , pushing himself off the rooftop and into the air . 
 vin dropped her bronze bar-it would give her away-and dashed after him . 
 her iron showed blue lines moving in the distance , and she hurriedly jumped out over the street and pushed herself off a sewer grate below , determined not to lose him again . 
 he moved toward the center of the city . 
 vin frowned , trying to guess his destination . 
 keep erikeller was in that direction , and it was a major supplier of armaments . 
 perhaps kelsier planned to do something to interrupt its supplies , making house renoux more vital to the local nobility . 
 vin landed on a rooftop and paused , watching kelsier shoot off into the night . 
 he 's moving fast again . 
 i - a hand fell on her shoulder . 
 vin yelped , jumping back , ﬂaring pewter . 
 kelsier regarded her with a cocked eyebrow . 
 `` you 're supposed to be in bed , young lady . '' 
 vin glanced to the side , toward the line of metal . 
 `` but - '' `` my coin pouch , '' kelsier said , smiling . 
 `` a good thief can steal clever tricks as easily as he steals boxings . 
 i 've started being more careful since you tailed me last week-at ﬁrst , i assumed you were a venture mistborn . '' 
 `` they have some ? '' 
 `` i 'm sure they do , '' kelsier said . 
 `` most of the great houses do-but your friend elend is n't one of them . 
 he 's not even a misting . '' 
 `` how do you know ? 
 he could be hiding it . '' 
 kelsier shook his head . 
 `` he nearly died in a raid a couple of years ago-if there were ever a time to show your powers , it would have been then . '' 
 vin nodded , still looking down , not meeting kelsier 's eyes . 
 he sighed , sitting down on the slanted rooftop , one leg hanging over the side . 
 `` have a seat . '' 
 vin settled herself on the tile roof across from him . 
 above , the cool mists continued to churn , and it had begun to drizzle slightly-but that was n't much different from the regular nightly humidity . 
 `` i ca n't have you tailing me like this , vin , '' kelsier said . 
 `` do you remember our discussion about trust ? '' 
 `` if you trusted me , you 'd tell me where you were going . '' 
 `` not necessarily , '' kelsier said . 
 `` maybe i just do n't want you and the others to worry about me . '' 
 `` everything you do is dangerous , '' vin said . 
 `` why would we worry any more if you told us speciﬁcs ? '' 
 `` some tasks are even more dangerous than others , '' kelsier said quietly . 
 vin paused , then glanced to the side , in the direction kelsier had been going . 
 toward the center of the city . 
 toward kredik shaw , the hill of a thousand spires . 
 the lord ruler 's palace . 
 `` you 're going to confront the lord ruler ! '' 
 vin said quietly . 
 `` you said last week that you were going to pay him a visit . '' '' 
 ` visit ' is , perhaps , too strong a word , '' kelsier said . 
 `` i am going to the palace , but i sincerely hope i do n't run into the lord ruler himself . 
 i 'm not ready for him yet . 
 regardless , you are going straight to clubs 's shop . '' 
 vin nodded . 
 kelsier frowned . 
 `` you 're just going to try and follow me again , are n't you ? '' 
 vin paused , then she nodded again . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` because i want to help , '' vin said quietly . 
 `` so far , my part in this all has essentially boiled down to going to a party . 
 but , i 'm mistborn-you 've trained me yourself . 
 i 'm not going to sit back and let everyone else do dangerous work while i sit , eat dinner , and watch people dance . '' 
 `` what you 're doing at those balls is important , '' kelsier said . 
 vin nodded , glancing down . 
 she 'd just let him go , then she 'd follow him . 
 part of her reasoning was what she 'd said before : she was beginning to feel a camaraderie for this crew , and it was like nothing she had ever known . 
 she wanted to be part of what it was doing ; she wanted to help . 
 however , another part of her whispered that kelsier was n't telling her everything . 
 he might trust her ; he might not . 
 however , he certainly had secrets . 
 the eleventh metal , and therefore the lord ruler , were involved in those secrets . 
 kelsier caught her eyes , and he must have seen her intention to follow in them . 
 he sighed , leaning back . 
 `` i 'm serious , vin ! 
 you ca n't go with me . '' 
 `` why not ? '' 
 she asked , abandoning pretense . 
 `` if what you 're doing is so dangerous , would n't it be safer if you had another mistborn watching your back ? '' 
 `` you still do n't know all of the metals , '' kelsier said . 
 `` only because you have n't taught me . '' 
 `` you need more practice . '' 
 `` the best practice is doing , '' vin said . 
 `` my brother trained me to steal by taking me on burglaries . '' 
 kelsier shook his head . 
 `` it 's too dangerous . '' 
 `` kelsier , '' she said in a serious tone . 
 `` we 're planning to overthrow the final empire . 
 i do n't really expect to live until the end of the year anyway . 
 `` you keep telling the others what an advantage it is to have two mistborn on the team . 
 well , it 's not going to be much of an advantage unless you actually let me be a mistborn . 
 how long are you going to wait ? 
 until i 'm ` ready ' ? 
 i do n't think that will ever happen . '' 
 kelsier eyed her for a moment , then he smiled . 
 `` when we ﬁrst met , half the time i could n't get you to say a word . 
 now you 're lecturing me . '' 
 vin blushed . 
 finally , kelsier sighed , reaching beneath his cloak to pull something out . 
 `` i ca n't believe i 'm considering this , '' he muttered , handing her the bit of metal . 
 vin studied the tiny , silvery ball of metal . 
 it was so reﬂective and bright that it almost seemed to be a drop of liquid , yet it was solid to the touch . 
 `` atium , '' kelsier said . 
 `` tenth , and most powerful , of the known allomantic metals . 
 that bead is worth more than the entire bag of boxings i gave you before . '' 
 `` this little bit ? '' 
 she asked with surprise . 
 kelsier nodded . 
 `` atium only comes from one place-the pits of hathsin-where the lord ruler controls its production and distribution . 
 the great houses get to buy a monthly stipend of atium , which is one of the main ways the lord ruler controls them . 
 go ahead and swallow it . '' 
 vin eyed the bit of metal , uncertain she wanted to waste something so valuable . 
 `` you ca n't sell it , '' kelsier said . 
 `` thieving crews try , but they get tracked down and executed . 
 the lord ruler is very protective of his atium supply . '' 
 vin nodded , then swallowed the metal . 
 immediately , she felt a new well of power appear within her , waiting to be burned . 
 `` all right , '' kelsier said , standing . 
 `` burn it as soon as i start walking . '' 
 vin nodded . 
 as he began to walk forward , she drew upon her new well of strength and burned atium . 
 kelsier seemed to fuzz slightly to her eyes ; then a translucent , wraithlike image shot out into the mists in front of him . 
 the image looked just like kelsier , and it walked just a few steps in front of him . 
 a very faint , trailing after-image extended from the duplicate back to kelsier himself . 
 it was like ... a reverse shadow . 
 the duplicate did everything kelsier did-except , the image moved first . 
 it turned , and then kelsier followed its same path . 
 the image 's mouth began moving . 
 a second later , kelsier spoke . 
 `` atium lets you see just a bit into the future . 
 or , at least , it lets you see what people are going to do a little bit in the future . 
 in addition , it enhances your mind , allowing you to deal with the new information , allowing you to react more quickly and collectedly . '' 
 the shadow stopped , then kelsier walked up to it , stopping as well . 
 suddenly , the shadow reached out and slapped her , and vin moved reﬂexively , putting her hand up just as kelsier 's real hand began to move . 
 she caught his arm midswing . 
 `` while you 're burning atium , '' he said , `` nothing can surprise you . 
 you can swing a dagger , knowing conﬁdently that your enemies will run right into it . 
 you can dodge attacks with ease because you 'll be able to see where every blow will fall . 
 atium makes you quite nearly invincible . 
 it enhances your mind , making you able to make use of all the new information . '' 
 suddenly , dozens of other images shot from kelsier 's body . 
 each one sprang in a different direction , some striding across the roof , others jumping into the air . 
 vin released his arm , rising and backing away in confusion . 
 `` i just burned atium too , '' kelsier said . 
 `` i can see what you 're going to do , and that changes what i 'm going to do - which in turn changes what you 're going to do . 
 the images reﬂect each of the possible actions we might take . '' 
 `` it 's confusing , '' vin said , watching the insane jumble of images , old ones constantly fading , new ones constantly appearing . 
 kelsier nodded . 
 `` the only way to defeat someone who is burning atium is to burn it yourself-that way , neither of you has an advantage . '' 
 the images vanished . 
 `` what did you do ? '' 
 vin asked with a start . 
 `` nothing , '' kelsier said . 
 `` your atium probably ran out . '' 
 vin realized with surprise that he was right-the atium was gone . 
 `` it burns so quickly ! '' 
 kelsier nodded , sitting down again . 
 `` that 's probably the fastest fortune you 've ever blown , eh ? '' 
 vin nodded , stunned . 
 `` it seems like such a waste . '' 
 kelsier shrugged . 
 `` atium is only valuable because of allomancy . 
 so , if we did n't burn it , it would n't be worth the fortune that it is . 
 of course , if we do burn it , we make it even more rare . 
 it 's kind of an interesting relationship-ask ham about it sometimes . 
 he loves talking about atium economics . 
 `` anyway , any mistborn you face will probably have atium . 
 however , they 'll be reluctant to use it . 
 in addition , they wo n't have swallowed it yet-atium is fragile , and your digestive juices will ruin it in a matter of hours . 
 so , you have to walk a line between conservation and effectiveness . 
 if it looks like your opponent is using atium , then you 'd better use yours too-however , make sure he does n't lure you into using up your reserve before he does . '' 
 vin nodded . 
 `` does this mean you 're taking me tonight ? '' 
 `` i 'll probably regret it , '' kelsier said , sighing . 
 `` but i do n't see any way to make you stay behind-short of tying you up , perhaps . 
 but , i warn you vin . 
 this could be dangerous . 
 very dangerous . 
 i do n't intend to meet the lord ruler , but i do intend to sneak into his stronghold . 
 i think i know where we might ﬁnd a clue on how to defeat him . '' 
 vin smiled , stepping forward as kelsier waved her toward him . 
 he reached into his pouch and pulled out a vial , which he handed to her . 
 it was like regular allomantic vials , except the liquid inside held only a single drop of metal . 
 the atium bead was several times larger than the one he had given her to practice on . 
 `` do n't use it unless you have to , '' kelsier warned . 
 `` you need any other metals ? '' 
 vin nodded . 
 `` i burned up most of my steel getting here . '' 
 kelsier handed her another vial . 
 `` first , let 's go retrieve my coin pouch . '' 
 sometimes i wonder if i 'm going mad . 
 perhaps it is due to the pressure of knowing that i must somehow bear the burden of an entire world . 
 perhaps it is caused by the death i have seen , the friends i have lost . 
 the friends i have been forced to kill . 
 either way , i sometimes see shadows following me . 
 dark creatures that i do n't understand , nor wish to understand . 
 are they , perhaps , some ﬁgment of my overtaxed mind ? 
 14 it started raining just after they located the coin pouch . 
 it was n't a hard rain , but it seemed to clear the mist slightly . 
 vin shivered , pulling up her hood , crouching beside kelsier on a rooftop . 
 he did n't pay the weather much heed , so neither did she . 
 a little dampness would n't hurt-in fact , it would probably help , as the rainfall would cover the sounds of their approach . 
 kredik shaw lay before them . 
 the peaked spires and sheer towers rose like dark talons in the night . 
 they varied greatly in thickness-some were wide enough to house stairwells and large rooms , but others were simply thin rods of steel jutting up into the sky . 
 the variety gave the mass a twisted , off-center symmetry-an almost-balance . 
 the spikes and towers had a foreboding cast in the damp , misty night-like the ash-blackened bones of a long-weathered carcass . 
 looking at them , vin thought she felt something ... a depression , as if simply being close to the building was enough to suck away her hope . 
 `` our target is a tunnel complex at the base of one of the far right spires , '' kelsier said , his voice barely carrying over the quiet hush of the falling rain . 
 `` we 're heading for a room at the very center of that complex . '' 
 `` what 's inside ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' kelsier said . 
 `` that 's what we 're going to ﬁnd out . 
 once every three days-and today is n't one of them - the lord ruler visits this chamber . 
 he stays for three hours , then leaves . 
 i tried to get in once before . 
 three years ago . '' 
 `` the job , '' vin whispered . 
 `` the one that ... '' `` got me captured , '' kelsier said with a nod . 
 `` yes . 
 at the time , we thought that the lord ruler stored riches in the room . 
 i do n't think that 's true , now , but i 'm still curious . 
 the way he visits is so regular , so ... odd . 
 something 's in that room , vin . 
 something important . 
 maybe it holds the secret to his power and immortality . '' 
 `` why do we need to worry about that ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 `` you have the eleventh metal to defeat him , right ? '' 
 kelsier frowned slightly . 
 vin waited for an answer , but he did n't ever give one . 
 `` i failed to get in last time , vin , '' he said instead . 
 `` we got close , but we got there too easily . 
 when we arrived , there were inquisitors outside the room . 
 waiting for us . '' 
 `` someone told them you were coming ? '' 
 kelsier nodded . 
 `` we planned that job for months . 
 we were overconﬁdent , but we had reason to be . 
 mare and i were the best-the job should have gone ﬂawlessly . '' 
 kelsier paused , then he turned to vin . 
 `` tonight , i did n't plan at all . 
 we 're just going in-we 'll quiet anyone who tries to stop us , then break into that room . '' 
 vin sat quietly , feeling the chill rainwater on her wet hands and damp arms . 
 then she nodded . 
 kelsier smiled slightly . 
 `` no objections ? '' 
 vin shook her head . 
 `` i made you take me with you . 
 it 's not my place to object now . '' 
 kelsier chuckled . 
 `` guess i 've been hanging out with breeze too long . 
 i just do n't feel right unless someone tells me i 'm crazy . '' 
 vin shrugged . 
 however , as she moved on the rooftop , she felt it again-the sense of depression coming from kredik shaw . 
 `` there is something , kelsier , '' she said . 
 `` the palace feels ... wrong , somehow . '' 
 `` that 's the lord ruler , '' kelsier said . 
 `` he radiates like an incredibly powerful soother , smothering the emotions of everyone who gets close to him . 
 turn on your copper ; that will make you immune . '' 
 vin nodded , burning copper . 
 immediately , the sensation went away . 
 `` good ? '' 
 kelsier asked . 
 she nodded again . 
 `` all right , then , '' he said , giving her a handful of coins . 
 `` stay close to me , and keep your atium handy-just in case . '' 
 with that , he threw himself off the roof . 
 vin followed , her cloak tassels spraying rainwater . 
 she burned pewter as she fell , and hit the ground with allomantically strengthened legs . 
 kelsier took off at a dash , and she followed . 
 her speed on the wet cobblestones would have been reckless , but her pewter-fueled muscles reacted with precision , strength , and balance . 
 she ran in the wet , misty night , burning tin and copper-one to let her see , the other to let her hide . 
 kelsier rounded the palace complex . 
 oddly , the grounds had no outer wall . 
 of course they do n't . 
 who would dare attack the lord ruler ? 
 flat space , covered in cobblestones , was all that surrounded the hill of a thousand spires . 
 no tree , foliage , or structure stood to distract one 's eye from the disturbing , asymmetric collection of wings , towers , and spires that was kredik shaw . 
 `` here we go , '' kelsier whispered , his voice carrying to her tin-enhanced ears . 
 he turned , dashing directly toward a squat , bunkerlike section of the palace . 
 as they approached , vin saw a pair of guards standing by an ornate , gatelike door . 
 kelsier was on the men in a ﬂash , cutting one down with slashing knives . 
 the second man tried to cry out , but kelsier jumped , slamming both feet into the man 's chest . 
 thrown to the side by the inhumanly strong kick , the guard crashed into the wall , then slumped to the ground . 
 kelsier was on his feet a second later , slamming his weight against the door and pushing it open . 
 weak lanternlight spilled out of a stone corridor within . 
 kelsier ducked through the door . 
 vin dimmed her tin , then followed in a crouching dash , her heart pounding . 
 never , in all her time as a thief , had she done something like this . 
 hers had been a life of sneaky burgling and scamming , not raids or muggings . 
 as she followed kelsier down the corridor-their feet and cloaks leaving a wet trail on the smooth stonework - she nervously pulled out a glass dagger , gripping the leather-wrapped handle in a sweaty palm . 
 a man stepped into the hallway just ahead , exiting what appeared to be some sort of guard chamber . 
 kelsier jumped forward and elbowed the soldier in the stomach , then slammed him against the wall . 
 even as the guard collapsed , kelsier ducked into the room . 
 vin followed , stepping into chaos . 
 kelsier pulled a metal candelabrum from the corner up into his hands , then began to spin with it , striking down soldier after soldier . 
 guards cried out , scrambling and grabbing staves from the side of the room . 
 a table covered in half-eaten meals was thrown to the side as men tried to make room . 
 a soldier turned toward vin , and she reacted without thinking . 
 she burned steel and threw out a handful of coins . 
 she pushed , and the missiles shot forward , tearing through the guard 's ﬂesh and dropping him . 
 she burned iron , pulling the coins back to her hand . 
 she turned with a bloodied ﬁst , spraying the room with metal , dropping three soldiers . 
 kelsier felled the last with his impromptu staff . 
 i just killed four men , vin thought , stunned . 
 before , reen had always done the killing . 
 there was rustling behind . 
 vin spun to see another squadron of soldiers enter through a door opposite her . 
 to the side , kelsier dropped his candelabrum and stepped forward . 
 the room 's four lanterns suddenly ripped from their mountings , slamming directly toward him . 
 he ducked to the side , letting the lanterns crash together . 
 the room fell dark . 
 vin burned tin , her eyes adapting to light from the corridor outside . 
 the guards , however , stumbled to a halt . 
 kelsier was amidst them a second later . 
 daggers ﬂashing in the darkness . 
 men screaming . 
 then all was silent . 
 vin stood surrounded by death , bloodied coins dribbling from her stunned ﬁngers . 
 she kept a tight grip on her dagger , however-if only to steady her quivering arm . 
 kelsier lay a hand on her shoulder , and she jumped . 
 `` these were evil men , vin , '' he said . 
 `` every skaa knows in his heart that it is the greatest of crimes to take up arms in defense of the final empire . '' 
 vin nodded numbly . 
 she felt ... wrong . 
 maybe it was the death , but now that she was actually within the building , she swore that she could still feel the lord ruler 's power . 
 something seemed to push her emotions , making her more depressed despite her copper . 
 `` come . 
 time is short . '' 
 kelsier took off again , hopping lithely over corpses , and vin felt herself following . 
 i made him bring me , she thought . 
 i wanted to ﬁght , like him . 
 i 'm going to have to get used to this . 
 they dashed into a second corridor , and kelsier jumped into the air . 
 he lurched , then shot forward . 
 vin did the same , leaping and seeking an anchor far down the corridor , then using it to pull herself through the air . 
 side corridors whipped past , the air a rushing howl in her tin-enhanced ears . 
 ahead , two soldiers stepped into the corridor . 
 kelsier slammed feet-ﬁrst into one , then ﬂipped up and rammed a dagger into the other 's neck . 
 both men fell . 
 no metal , vin thought , dropping to the ground . 
 none of the guards in this place wear metal . 
 hazekillers , they were called . 
 men trained to ﬁght allomancers . 
 kelsier ducked down a side corridor , and vin had to sprint to keep up with him . 
 she ﬂared pewter , willing her legs to move faster . 
 ahead , kelsier paused , and vin lurched to a stop beside him . 
 to their right was an open , arching doorway , and it shone with a light far brighter than that of the small corridor lanterns . 
 vin extinguished her tin , following kelsier through the archway and into the room . 
 six braziers burned with open ﬂames at the corners of the large , dome-roofed chamber . 
 in contrast to the simple corridors , this room was covered with silver-inlayed murals . 
 each obviously represented the lord ruler ; they were like the windows she had seen earlier , except less abstract . 
 she saw a mountain . 
 a large cavern . 
 a pool of light . 
 and something very dark . 
 kelsier strode forward , and vin turned . 
 the center of the room was dominated by a small structure-a building within the building . 
 ornate , with carved stone and ﬂowing patterns , the single-story building stood reverently before them . 
 all in all , the quiet , empty chamber gave vin a strange feeling of solemnity . 
 kelsier walked forward , bare feet falling on smooth black marble . 
 vin followed in a nervous crouch ; the room seemed empty , but there had to be other guards . 
 kelsier walked up to a large oaken door set into the inner building , its surface carved with letterings vin did n't recognize . 
 he reached out and pulled open the door . 
 a steel inquisitor stood inside . 
 the creature smiled , lips curling in an eerie expression beneath the two massive spikes that had been pounded point-ﬁrst through its eyes . 
 kelsier paused for just a moment . 
 then he yelled , `` vin , run ! '' 
 as the inquisitor 's hand snapped forward , grabbing him by the throat . 
 vin froze . 
 to the sides , she saw two other black-robed inquisitors stride through open archways . 
 tall , lean , and bald , they were also marked by their spikes and intricate ministry eye tattoos . 
 the closest inquisitor lifted kelsier up into the air by his neck . 
 `` kelsier , the survivor of hathsin , '' the creature said in a grinding voice . 
 then he turned toward vin . 
 `` and ... you . 
 i 've been looking for you . 
 i 'll let this one die quickly if you 'll tell me which nobleman spawned you , half-breed . '' 
 kelsier coughed , struggling for breath as he pried at the creature 's grip . 
 the inquisitor turned , regarding kelsier with spike-end eyes . 
 kelsier coughed again , as if trying to say something , and the inquisitor curiously pulled kelsier a bit closer . 
 kelsier 's hand whipped out , ramming a dagger into the creature 's neck . 
 as the inquisitor stumbled , kelsier slammed his ﬁst into the creature 's forearm , shattering the bone with a snap . 
 the inquisitor dropped him , and kelsier fell to the reflective marble ﬂoor , coughing . 
 gasping for breath , kelsier looked up at vin with intense eyes . 
 `` i said run ! '' 
 he croaked , tossing something to her . 
 vin paused , reaching out to catch the coin pouch . 
 however , it lurched suddenly in the air , shooting forward . 
 abruptly , she realized kelsier was n't throwing it to her , but at her . 
 the bag hit her in the chest . 
 pushed by kelsier 's allomancy , it hurled her across the room-past the two surprised inquisitors-until she ﬁnally dropped awkwardly to the ﬂoor , skidding on the marble . 
 vin looked up , slightly dazed . 
 in the distance , kelsier regained his feet . 
 the main inquisitor , however , did n't seem very concerned about the dagger in his neck . 
 the other two inquisitors stood between her and kelsier . 
 one turned toward her , and vin felt chilled by its horrifying , unnatural gaze . 
 `` run ! '' 
 the word echoed in the domed chamber . 
 and this time , ﬁnally , it struck home . 
 vin scrambled to her feet-fear shocking her , screaming at her , making her move . 
 she dashed toward the nearest archway , uncertain if it was the one she had come in through . 
 she clutched kelsier 's coin pouch and burned iron , frantically seeking an anchor down the corridor . 
 must get away ! 
 she grabbed the ﬁrst bit of metal she saw and yanked , tearing herself off the ground . 
 she shot down the corridor at an uncontrolled speed , terror ﬂaring her iron . 
 she lurched suddenly , and everything spun . 
 she hit the ground at an awkward angle-her head slamming against the rough stone-then lay dizzily , wondering what had happened . 
 the coin pouch ... someone had pulled on it , using its metal to yank her backward . 
 vin rolled over and saw a dark form shooting down the corridor . 
 the inquisitor 's robes ﬂuttered as he dropped lightly to his feet a short distance from vin . 
 he strode forward , his face impassive . 
 vin ﬂared tin and pewter , clearing her mind and pushing away the pain . 
 she whipped out a few coins , pushing them at the inquisitor . 
 he raised a hand , and both coins froze in the air . 
 vin 's own push suddenly threw her backward , and she tumbled across the stones , skidding and sliding . 
 she heard the coins pling against the ﬂoor as she came to a rest . 
 she shook her head , a dozen new bruises ﬂaring angrily across her body . 
 the inquisitor stepped over the discarded coins , walking toward her with a smooth gait . 
 i have to get away ! 
 even kelsier had been afraid to face an inquisitor . 
 if he could n't ﬁght one , what chance did she have ? 
 none . 
 she dropped the pouch and jumped to her feet , then she ran , ducking through the ﬁrst doorway she saw . 
 the room beyond was empty of people , but a golden altar stood at its center . 
 between the altar , the four candelabra at the corners , and the cluttering of other religious paraphernalia , the space was cramped . 
 vin turned , pulling a candelabrum into her hands , remembering kelsier 's trick from before . 
 the inquisitor stepped into the room , then raised an almost amused hand , ripping the candelabra from her hands in an easy allomantic pull . 
 he 's so strong ! 
 vin thought with horror . 
 he was probably steadying himself by pulling against the lantern brackets behind . 
 however , the force of his ironpulls was far more powerful than kelsier 's had ever been . 
 vin jumped , pulling herself slightly up and over the altar . 
 at the doorway , the inquisitor reached over to a bowl that sat atop a short pillar , pulling out what appeared to be a handful of small metal triangles . 
 they were sharp on all sides , and they cut the creature 's hand in a dozen different places . 
 he ignored the wounds , raising a bloody hand toward her . 
 vin yelped , ducking behind the altar as pieces of metal sprayed against the back wall . 
 `` you are trapped , '' the inquisitor said in a scratchy voice . 
 `` come with me . '' 
 vin glanced to the side . 
 there were n't any other doors in the room . 
 she peeked up , glancing at the inquisitor , and a piece of metal shot at her face . 
 she pushed against it , but the inquisitor was too strong . 
 she had to duck and let the metal go , lest his power pin her back against the wall . 
 i 'll need something to block with . 
 something that is n't made of metal . 
 as she heard the inquisitor step into the room , she found what she needed-a large , leather-bound book sitting beside the altar . 
 she grabbed it , then paused . 
 there was no use in being rich if she died . 
 she pulled out kelsier 's vial and downed the atium , then burned it . 
 the inquisitor 's shadow stepped around the side of the altar , then the actual inquisitor followed a second later . 
 the atium-shadow opened its hand , and a spray of tiny , translucent daggers shot at her . 
 vin raised her book as the real daggers followed . 
 she swung the book through the shadow trails just as the real daggers shot toward her . 
 she caught every one , their sharp , jagged edges digging deeply into the book 's leather cover . 
 the inquisitor paused , and she was rewarded by what seemed to be a look of confusion on its twisted face . 
 then a hundred shadow images shot from his body . 
 lord ruler ! 
 vin thought . 
 he had atium too . 
 not pausing to worry about what that meant , vin hopped over the altar , carrying the book with her as protection against further missiles . 
 the inquisitor spun , spike-eyes following her as she ducked back into the hallway . 
 a squad of soldiers stood waiting for her . 
 however , each one bore a future-shadow . 
 vin ducked between them , barely watching where their weapons would fall , somehow avoiding the attacks of twelve different men . 
 and , for a moment , she almost forgot the pain and fear-and they were replaced by an incredible sense of power . 
 she dodged effortlessly , staves swinging above and beside her , each one missing by just inches . 
 she was invincible . 
 she spun through the ranks of the men , not bothering to kill or hurt them-she only wanted to escape . 
 as she passed the last one , she turned around a corner . 
 and a second inquisitor , his body springing with shadow images , stepped up and slammed something sharp into her lower side . 
 vin gasped in pain . 
 there was a sickening sound as the creature pulled his weapon free of her body ; it was a length of wood afﬁxed with sharp obsidian blades . 
 vin grasped her side , stumbling backward , feeling a terrifying amount of warm blood seeping from the wound . 
 the inquisitor looked familiar . 
 the ﬁrst one , from the other room , she thought through the pain . 
 does . . 
 that mean that kelsier is dead ? 
 `` who is your father ? '' 
 the inquisitor asked . 
 vin kept her hand at her side , trying to stop the blood . 
 it was a large wound . 
 a bad wound . 
 she had seen such wounds before . 
 they always killed . 
 yet , she still stood . 
 pewter , her confused mind thought . 
 flare pewter ! 
 she did so , the metal giving her body strength , letting her stay on her feet . 
 the soldiers stepped back to let the second inquisitor approach her from the side . 
 vin looked in horror from one inquisitor to the other , both descending upon her , blood pouring between her ﬁngers and down her side . 
 the lead inquisitor still carried the axelike weapon , its edge coated with blood . 
 her blood . 
 i 'm going to die , she thought with terror . 
 and then she heard it . 
 rain . 
 it was faint , but her tin-ears picked it out behind her . 
 she spun , lurching through a door , and was rewarded by the sight of a large archway on the other side of the room . 
 mist pooled at the room 's ﬂoor , and rain slapped the stones outside . 
 must have been where the guards came from , she thought . 
 she kept her pewter ﬂared , amazed at how well her body still worked , and stumbled out into the rain , reﬂexively clutching the leather book to her chest . 
 `` you think to escape ? '' 
 the lead inquisitor asked from behind , his voice amused . 
 numbly , vin reached into the sky and pulled against one of the palace 's many spires . 
 she heard the inquisitor curse as she pitched into the air , hurling up into the dark night . 
 the thousand spires rose around her . 
 she pulled against one , then switched to another . 
 the rain was strong now , and it made the night black . 
 there was no mist to reﬂect ambient light , and the stars were hidden by clouds above . 
 vin could n't see where she was going ; she had to use allomancy to sense the metallic tips of the spires , and hope there was nothing in between . 
 she hit a spire , catching hold of it in the night and pulling to a stop . 
 have to bandage the wound ... she thought weakly . 
 she was beginning to grow numb , her head cloudy despite her pewter and tin . 
 something slammed against the spire above her , and she heard a low growl . 
 vin pushed off even as she felt the inquisitor slash the air beside her . 
 she had one chance . 
 midjump , she pulled herself sideways , toward a different spire . 
 at the same time , she pushed against the book in her hands-it still had bits of metal embedded into its cover . 
 the book continued in the direction she had been going , metal lines glowing weakly in the night . 
 it was the only metal she had on her . 
 vin caught the next spire lightly , trying to make as little sound as possible . 
 she strained in the night , burning tin , the rainfall becoming a thunder in her ears . 
 over it , she thought she heard the distinct sound of something hitting a spire in the direction she had pushed the book . 
 the inquisitor had fallen for her ruse . 
 vin sighed , hanging from the spire , rain splattering her body . 
 she made sure her copper was still burning , pulled lightly against the spire to hold herself in place , and ripped off a piece of her shirt to bandage the wound . 
 despite her numb mind , she could n't help noticing how big the gash was . 
 oh , lord , she thought . 
 without pewter , she would have fallen unconscious long ago . 
 she should be dead . 
 something sounded in the darkness . 
 vin felt a chill , looking up . 
 all was black around her . 
 it ca n't be . 
 he ca n't - something slammed into her spire . 
 vin cried out , jumping away . 
 she pulled herself toward another spire , caught it weakly , then immediately pushed off again . 
 the inquisitor followed , thuds sounding as he jumped from spire to spire behind her . 
 he found me . 
 he could n't see me , hear me , or sense me . 
 but he found me . 
 vin hit a spire , holding it by one hand , limply hanging in the night . 
 her strength was nearly gone . 
 i. . . 
 have to get away ... hide ... her hands were numb , and her mind felt nearly the same . 
 her ﬁngers slipped from the cold , wet metal of the spire , and she felt herself drop free into the darkness . 
 she fell with the rain . 
 however , she went only a short distance before thudding against something hard-the roof of a particularly tall bit of the palace . 
 dazed , she climbed to her knees , crawling away from the spire , seeking a corner . 
 hide ... hide ... hide ... she crawled weakly to the nook formed by another tower . 
 she huddled against the dark corner , lying in a deep puddle of ashy rainwater , arms wrapped around herself . 
 her body was wet with rain and blood . 
 she thought , for just a moment , that she might have escaped . 
 a dark form thumped to the rooftop . 
 the rain was letting up , and her tin revealed a head set with two spikes , a body cloaked in a dark robe . 
 she was too weak to move , too weak to do more than shiver in the puddle of water , clothing plastered to her skin . 
 the inquisitor turned toward her . 
 `` such a small , troubling thing you are , '' he said . 
 he stepped forward , but vin could barely hear his words . 
 it was growing dark again ... no , it was just her mind . 
 her vision grew dark , her eyes closing . 
 her wound did n't hurt anymore . 
 she could n't ... even ... think ... a sound , like shattering branches . 
 then arms gripped her . 
 warm arms , not the arms of death . 
 she forced her eyes open . 
 `` kelsier ? '' 
 she whispered . 
 but it was n't kelsier 's face that looked back at her , streaked with concern . 
 it was a different , kinder face . 
 she sighed in relief , drifting away as the strong arms pulled her close , making her feel oddly safe in the terrible storms of night . 
 i do n't know why kwaan betrayed me . 
 even still , this event haunts my thoughts . 
 he was the one who discovered me ; he was the terris philosopher who ﬁrst called me the hero of ages . 
 it seems ironically surreal that now-after his long struggle to convince his colleagues-he is the only major terris holy man to preach against my reign . 
 15 `` you took her with you ? '' 
 dockson demanded , bursting into the room . 
 `` you took vin into kredik shaw ? 
 are you bloody insane ? '' 
 `` yes , '' kelsier snapped . 
 `` you 've been right all along . 
 i 'm a madman . 
 a lunatic . 
 perhaps i should have just died in the pits and never come back to bother any of you ! '' 
 dockson paused , taken aback by the force in kelsier 's words . 
 kelsier pounded the table in frustration , and the wood splintered from the force of the blow . 
 he still burned pewter , the metal helping him resist his several wounds . 
 his mistcloak lay in tatters , his body sliced by a half-dozen different small cuts . 
 his entire right side burned with pain . 
 he 'd have a massive bruise there , and he 'd be lucky if none of his ribs were cracked . 
 kelsier ﬂared the pewter . 
 the ﬁre within felt good-it gave him a focus for his anger and self-loathing . 
 one of the apprentices worked quickly , tying a bandage around kelsier 's largest gash . 
 clubs sat with ham at the side of the kitchen ; breeze was away visiting a suburb . 
 `` by the lord ruler , kelsier , '' dockson said quietly . 
 even dockson , kelsier thought . 
 even my oldest friend swears by the lord ruler 's name . 
 what are we doing ? 
 how can we face this ? 
 `` there were three inquisitors waiting for us , dox , '' kelsier said . 
 dockson paled . 
 `` and you left her there ? '' 
 `` she got out before i did . 
 i tried to distract the inquisitors as long as i could , but . . '' 
 `` but ? '' 
 `` one of the three followed her . 
 i could n't get to it-maybe the other two inquisitors were simply trying to keep me busy so that their companion could ﬁnd her . '' 
 `` three inquisitors , '' dockson said , accepting a small cup of brandy from one of the apprentices . 
 he downed it . 
 `` we must have made too much noise going in , '' kelsier said . 
 `` either that , or they were already there for some reason . 
 and we still do n't know what 's in that room ! '' 
 the kitchen fell silent . 
 the rain outside picked up again , assaulting the building with a reproachful fury . 
 `` so ... '' ham said , `` what of vin ? '' 
 kelsier glanced at dockson , and saw pessimism in his eyes . 
 kelsier had barely escaped , and he had years of training . 
 if vin was still in kredik shaw . . 
 kelsier felt a sharp , twisting pain in his chest . 
 you let her die too . 
 first mare , then vin . 
 how many more will you lead to slaughter before this is through ? 
 `` she might be hiding somewhere in the city , '' kelsier said . 
 `` afraid to come to the shop because the inquisitors are looking for her . 
 or ... perhaps for some reason she went back to fellise . '' 
 maybe she 's out there somewhere , dying alone in the rain . 
 `` ham , '' kelsier said , `` you and i are heading back to the palace . 
 dox , take lestibournes and visit other thieving crews . 
 maybe one of their scouts saw something . 
 clubs , send an apprentice to renoux 's mansion to see if she went there . '' 
 the solemn group started to move , but kelsier did n't need to state the obvious . 
 he and ham would n't be able to get close to kredik shaw without running afoul of guard patrols . 
 even if vin was hiding in the city somewhere , the inquisitors would probably ﬁnd her ﬁrst . 
 they would have - kelsier froze , his sudden jerk causing the others to pause . 
 he 'd heard something . 
 hurried footsteps sounded as lestibournes rushed down the stairs and into the room , his lanky form wet with rain . 
 `` someone 's coming ! 
 out the night with the calling ! '' 
 `` vin ? '' 
 ham asked hopefully . 
 lestibournes shook his head . 
 `` big man . 
 robe . '' 
 this is it , then . 
 i 've brought death to the crew-i 've led the inquisitors right to them . 
 ham stood , picking up a wooden stave . 
 dockson pulled out a pair of daggers , and clubs 's six apprentices moved to the back of the room , eyes wide with fright . 
 kelsier ﬂared his metals . 
 the back door to the kitchen slammed open . 
 a tall , dark form in wet robes stood in the rain . 
 and he carried a cloth-wrapped ﬁgure in his arms . 
 `` sazed ! '' 
 kelsier said . 
 `` she is badly wounded , '' sazed said , stepping quickly into the room , his ﬁne robes streaming with rainwater . 
 `` master hammond , i require some pewter . 
 her supply is exhausted , i think . '' 
 ham rushed forward as sazed set vin on the kitchen table . 
 her skin was clammy and pale , her thin frame soaked and wet . 
 she 's so small , kelsier thought . 
 barely more than a child . 
 how could i have thought to take her with me ? 
 she bore a massive , bloody wound in her side . 
 sazed set something aside-a large book he 'd been carrying in his arms beneath vin-and accepted a vial from hammond , then bent down and poured the liquid down the unconscious girl 's throat . 
 the room fell silent , the sound of pounding rain coming through the still open door . 
 vin 's face ﬂushed slightly with color , and her breathing seemed to steady . 
 to kelsier 's allomantic bronze senses , she began to pulse softly with a rhythm not unlike a second heartbeat . 
 `` ah , good , '' sazed said , undoing vin 's makeshift bandage . 
 `` i feared that her body was too unfamiliar with allomancy to burn metals unconsciously . 
 there is hope for her , i think . 
 master cladent , i shall require a pot of boiled water , some bandages , and the medical bag from my rooms . 
 quickly , now ! '' 
 clubs nodded , waving for his apprentices to do as instructed . 
 kelsier cringed as he watched sazed 's work . 
 the wound was bad-worse than any he himself had survived . 
 the cut went deeply into her gut ; it was the type of wound that killed slowly , but consistently . 
 vin , however , was no ordinary person-pewter would keep an allomancer alive long after their body should have given out . 
 in addition , sazed was no ordinary healer . 
 religious rites were not the only things that keepers stored in their uncanny memories ; their metalminds contained vast wealths of information on culture , philosophy , and science . 
 clubs ushered his apprentices from the room as the surgery began . 
 the procedure took an alarming amount of time , ham applying pressure to the wound as sazed slowly stitched vin 's insides back together . 
 finally , sazed closed the outer wound and applied a clean bandage , then asked ham to carefully carry the girl up to her bed . 
 kelsier stood , watching ham carry vin 's weak , limp form out of the kitchen . 
 then , he turned to sazed questioningly . 
 dockson sat in the corner , the only other one still in the room . 
 sazed shook his head gravely . 
 `` i do not know , master kelsier . 
 she could survive . 
 we will need to keep her supplied with pewter-it will help her body make new blood . 
 even still , i have seen many strong men die from wounds smaller than this one . '' 
 kelsier nodded . 
 `` i arrived too late , i think , '' sazed said . 
 `` when i found her gone from renoux 's mansion , i came to luthadel as quickly as i could . 
 i used up an entire metalmind to make the trip with haste . 
 i was still too late ... '' `` no , my friend , '' kelsier said . 
 `` you 've done well this night . 
 far better than i. '' sazed sighed , then reached over and ﬁngered the large book he 'd set aside before beginning the surgery . 
 the tome was wet with rainwater and blood . 
 kelsier regarded it , frowning . 
 `` what is that , anyway ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' sazed said . 
 `` i found it at the palace , while i was searching for the child . 
 it is written in khlenni . '' 
 khlenni , the language of khlennium-the ancient , pre-ascension homeland of the lord ruler . 
 kelsier perked up a bit . 
 `` can you translate it ? '' 
 `` perhaps , '' sazed said , suddenly sounding very tired . 
 `` but . . 
 not for a time , i think . 
 after this evening , i shall need to rest . '' 
 kelsier nodded , calling for one of the apprentices to prepare sazed a room . 
 the terrisman nodded thankfully , then walked wearily up the stairs . 
 `` he saved more than vin 's life tonight , '' dockson said , approaching quietly from behind . 
 `` what you did was stupid , even for you . '' 
 `` i had to know , dox , '' he said . 
 `` i had to go back . 
 what if the atium really is in there ? '' 
 `` you said that it is n't . '' 
 `` i said that , '' kelsier said with a nod , `` and i 'm mostly sure . 
 but what if i 'm wrong ? '' 
 `` that 's no excuse , '' dockson said angrily . 
 `` now vin is dying and the lord ruler is alerted to us . 
 was n't it enough that you got mare killed trying to get into that room ? '' 
 kelsier paused , but he was too drained to feel any anger . 
 he sighed , sitting down . 
 `` there 's more , dox . '' 
 dockson frowned . 
 `` i 've avoided talking about the lord ruler to the others , '' kelsier said , `` but . . 
 i 'm worried . 
 the plan is good , but i have this terrible , haunting feeling that we 'll never succeed as long as he 's alive . 
 we can take his money , we can take his armies , we can trick him out of the city ... but i still worry that we wo n't be able to stop him . '' 
 dockson frowned . 
 `` you 're serious about this eleventh metal business , then ? '' 
 kelsier nodded . 
 `` i searched for two years to ﬁnd a way to kill him . 
 men have tried everything-he ignores normal wounds , and decapitation only annoys him . 
 a group of soldiers burned down his inn during one of the early wars . 
 the lord ruler walked out as barely more than a skeleton , then healed in a matter of seconds . 
 `` only the stories of the eleventh metal offered any hope . 
 but i ca n't make it work ! 
 that 's why i had to go back to the palace . 
 the lord ruler 's hiding something in that room-i can feel it . 
 i ca n't help thinking that if we knew what it was , we 'd be able to stop him . '' 
 `` you did n't have to take vin with you . '' 
 `` she followed me , '' kelsier said . 
 `` i worried that she 'd try to get in on her own if i left her . 
 the girl has a headstrong streak , dox-she hides it well , but she 's blasted stubborn when she wants to be . '' 
 dockson sighed , then nodded quietly . 
 `` and we still do n't know what 's in that room . '' 
 kelsier eyed the book sazed had set on the table . 
 the rainwater had marked it , but the tome was obviously designed to endure . 
 it was strapped tightly to prevent water from seeping in , and the cover was of well-cured leather . 
 `` no , '' kelsier ﬁnally said . 
 `` we do n't . '' 
 but we do have that , whatever it is . 
 `` was it worth it , kell ? '' 
 dockson asked . 
 `` was this insane stunt really worth nearly getting yourself-and the child - killed ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' kelsier said honestly . 
 he turned to dockson , meeting his friend 's eyes . 
 `` ask me once we know whether or not vin will live . '' 
 the end of part two part three children of a bleeding sun many think that my journey started in khlennium , that great city of wonder . 
 they forget that i was no king when my quest began . 
 far from it . 
 i think it would do men well to remember that this task was not begun by emperors , priests , prophets , or generals . 
 it did n't start in khlennium or kordel , nor did it come from the great nations to the east or the ﬁery empire of the west . 
 it began in a small , unimportant town whose name would mean nothing to you . 
 it began with a youth , the son of a blacksmith , who was unremarkable in every way-except , perhaps , in his ability to get into trouble . 
 it began with me . 
 16 when vin awoke , the pain told her that reen had beaten her again . 
 what had she done ? 
 had she been too friendly to one of the other crewmembers ? 
 had she made a foolish comment , drawing the crewleader 's ire ? 
 she was to remain quiet , always quiet , staying away from the others , never calling attention to herself . 
 otherwise he would beat her . 
 she had to learn , he said . 
 she had to learn ... but , her pain seemed too strong for that . 
 it had been a long time since she could remember hurting this much . 
 she coughed slightly , opening her eyes . 
 she lay in a bed that was far too comfortable , and a lanky teenage boy sat in a chair beside her bed . 
 lestibournes , she thought . 
 that 's his name . 
 i 'm in clubs 's shop . 
 lestibournes jumped to his feet . 
 `` you 're awaking ! '' 
 she tried to speak , but just coughed again , and the boy hurriedly gave her a cup of water . 
 vin sipped it thankfully , grimacing at the pain in her side . 
 in fact , her entire body felt like it had been pummeled soundly . 
 `` lestibournes , '' she ﬁnally croaked . 
 `` notting as the now , '' he said . 
 `` kelsier wasing the hit with my name ; changed it to spook . '' 
 `` spook ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 `` it ﬁts . 
 how long have i been asleep ? '' 
 `` two weeks , '' the boy said . 
 `` wait here . '' 
 he scrambled away , and she could hear him calling out in the distance . 
 two weeks ? 
 she sipped at the cup , trying to organize her muddled memories . 
 reddish afternoon sunlight shone through the window , lighting the room . 
 she set the cup aside , checking her side , where she found a large white bandage . 
 that 's where the inquisitor hit me , she thought . 
 i should be dead . 
 her side was bruised and discolored from where she 'd hit the roof after falling , and her body bore a dozen other nicks , bruises , and scrapes . 
 all in all , she felt absolutely terrible . 
 `` vin ! '' 
 dockson said , stepping into the room . 
 `` you 're awake ! '' 
 `` barely , '' vin said with a groan , lying back against her pillow . 
 dockson chuckled , walking over and sitting on lestibournes 's stool . 
 `` how much do you remember ? '' 
 `` most everything , i think , '' she said . 
 `` we fought our way into the palace , but there were inquisitors . 
 they chased us , and kelsier fought - '' she stopped , looking at dockson . 
 `` kelsier ? 
 is he - '' `` kell 's ﬁne , '' breeze said . 
 `` he came out of the incident in far better shape than you did . 
 he knows the palace fairly well , from the plans we made three years ago , and he ... '' vin frowned as dockson trailed off . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` he said the inquisitors did n't seem very focused on killing him . 
 they left one to chase him , and sent two after you . '' 
 why ? 
 vin thought . 
 did they simply want to concentrate their energy on the weakest enemy ﬁrst ? 
 or , is there another reason ? 
 she sat back thoughtfully , working through the events of that night . 
 `` sazed , '' vin she ﬁnally said . 
 `` he saved me . 
 the inquisitor was about to kill me , but . . 
 dox , what is he ? '' 
 `` sazed ? '' 
 dockson asked . 
 `` that 's probably a question i should let him answer . '' 
 `` is he here ? '' 
 dockson shook his head . 
 `` he had to return to fellise . 
 breeze and kell are out recruiting , and ham left last week to inspect our army . 
 he wo n't be back for another month at least . '' 
 vin nodded , feeling drowsy . 
 `` drink the rest of your water , '' dockson suggested . 
 `` there 's something in it to help with the pain . '' 
 vin downed the rest of the drink , then rolled over and let sleep take her again . 
 kelsier was there when she awoke . 
 he sat on the stool by her bed , hands clasped with his elbows on his knees , watching her by the faint light of a lantern . 
 he smiled when she opened her eyes . 
 `` welcome back . '' 
 she immediately reached for the cup of water on the bed-stand . 
 `` how 's the job going ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` the army is growing , and renoux has begun to purchase weapons and supplies . 
 your suggestion regarding the ministry turned out to be a good one-we found theron 's contact , and we 've nearly negotiated a deal that will let us place someone as a ministry acolyte . '' 
 `` marsh ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 `` will he do it himself ? '' 
 kelsier nodded . 
 `` he 's always had a. . . 
 certain fascination with the ministry . 
 if any skaa can pull off imitating an obligator , it will be marsh . '' 
 vin nodded , sipping her drink . 
 there was something different about kelsier . 
 it was subtle-a slight alteration in his air and attitude . 
 things had changed during her sickness . 
 `` vin , '' kelsier said hesitantly . 
 `` i owe you an apology . 
 i nearly got you killed . '' 
 vin snorted quietly . 
 `` it 's not your fault . 
 i made you take me . '' 
 `` you should n't have been able to make me , '' kelsier said . 
 `` my original decision to send you away was the right one . 
 please accept the apology . '' 
 vin nodded quietly . 
 `` what do you need me to do now ? 
 the job has to go forward , right ? '' 
 kelsier smiled . 
 `` indeed it does . 
 as soon as you 're up to it , i 'd like you to move back to fellise . 
 we created a cover story saying that lady valette has taken sick , but rumors are starting to appear . 
 the sooner you can be seen in the ﬂesh by visitors , the better . '' 
 `` i can go tomorrow , '' vin said . 
 kelsier chuckled . 
 `` i doubt it , but you can go soon . 
 for now , just rest . '' 
 he stood , moving to leave . 
 `` kelsier ? '' 
 vin asked , causing him to pause . 
 he turned , looking at her . 
 vin struggled to formulate what she wanted to say . 
 `` the palace ... the inquisitors ... we 're not invincible , are we ? '' 
 she ﬂushed ; it sounded stupid when she said it that way . 
 kelsier , however , just smiled . 
 he seemed to understand what she meant . 
 `` no , vin , '' he said quietly . 
 `` we 're far from it . '' 
 vin watched the landscape pass outside her carriage window . 
 the vehicle , sent from mansion renoux , had supposedly taken lady valette for a ride through luthadel . 
 in reality , it had n't picked up vin until it had stopped brieﬂy by clubs 's street . 
 now , however , her window shades were open , showing her again to the world-assuming anyone cared . 
 the carriage made its way back toward fellise . 
 kelsier had been right : she 'd had to rest three more days in clubs 's shop before feeling strong enough to make the trip . 
 in part , she 'd waited simply because she had dreaded struggling into a noblewoman 's dresses with her bruised arms and wounded side . 
 still , it felt good to be up again . 
 there had been some-thing ... wrong about simply recovering in bed . 
 such a lengthy period of rest would n't have been given to a regular thief ; thieves either got back to work quickly or were abandoned for dead . 
 those who could n't bring in money for food could n't be allowed to take up space in the lair . 
 but , that is n't the only way people live , vin thought . 
 she was still uncomfortable with that knowledge . 
 it had n't mattered to kelsier and the others that she drained their resources-they had n't exploited her weakened state , but had cared for her , each one spending time at her bedside . 
 most notable among the vigilists had been the young lestibournes . 
 vin did n't even feel that she knew him very well , yet kelsier said that the boy had spent hours watching over her during her coma . 
 what did one make of a world where a crewleader agonized over his people ? 
 in the underground , each person bore responsibility for what happened to them-the weaker segment of a crew had to be allowed to die , lest they keep everyone else from earning enough to survive . 
 if a person got captured by the ministry , you left them to their fate and hoped that they did n't betray too much . 
 you did n't worry about your own guilt at putting them in danger . 
 they 're fools , reen 's voice whispered . 
 this entire plan will end in disaster-and your death will be your own fault for not leaving when you could . 
 reen had left when he could . 
 perhaps he 'd known that the inquisitors would eventually hunt her down for the powers she unwittingly possessed . 
 he always had known when to leave-it was no accident , she thought , that he had n't ended up slaughtered with the rest of camon 's crew . 
 and yet , she ignored reen 's promptings in her head , instead letting the carriage pull her toward fellise . 
 it was n't that she felt completely secure in her place with kelsier 's crew - indeed , in a way , her place with these people was making her even more apprehensive . 
 what if they stopped needing her ? 
 what if she became useless to them ? 
 she had to prove to them that she could do what they needed her to . 
 there were functions to attend , a society to inﬁltrate . 
 she had so much work to do ; she could n't afford to spend any more of it sleeping . 
 in addition , she needed to return to her allomantic practice sessions . 
 it had only taken a few short months for her to grow dependent upon her powers , and she longed for the freedom of leaping through the mists , of pulling and pushing her way through the skies . 
 kredik shaw had taught her that she was n't invincible-but kelsier 's survival with barely a scratch proved that it was possible to be much better than she was . 
 vin needed to practice , to grow in strength , until she too could escape inquisitors like kelsier had . 
 the carriage turned a bend and rolled into fellise . 
 the familiar , pastoral suburb made vin smile to herself , and she leaned against the open carriage window , feeling the breeze . 
 with luck , some streetgoers would gossip that lady valette had been seen riding through the city . 
 she arrived at mansion renoux a few short turns later . 
 a footman opened the door , and vin was surprised to see lord renoux himself waiting outside the carriage to help her down . 
 `` my lord ? '' 
 she said , giving him her hand . 
 `` surely you have more important things to attend to . '' 
 `` nonsense , '' he said . 
 `` a lord must be allowed time to dote upon his favored niece . 
 how was your ride ? '' 
 does he ever break character ? 
 he did n't ask after the others in luthadel , or give any indication that he knew of her wound . 
 `` it was refreshing , uncle , '' she said as they walked up the steps to the mansion doors . 
 vin was thankful for the pewter burning lightly in her stomach to give strength to her still weak legs . 
 kelsier had warned against using it too much , lest she grow dependent upon its power , but she saw little alternative until she was healed . 
 `` that is wonderful , '' renoux said . 
 `` perhaps , once you are feeling better , we should take lunch together on the garden balcony . 
 it has been warm lately , despite the coming winter . '' 
 `` that would be very pleasant , '' vin said . 
 before , she 'd found the impostor 's noble bearing intimidating . 
 yet , as she slipped into the persona of lady valette , she experienced the same calmness as before . 
 vin the thief was nothing to a man such as renoux , but valette the socialite was another matter . 
 `` very good , '' renoux said , pausing inside the entryway . 
 `` however , let us attend to that on another day-for now , you would likely prefer to rest from your journey . '' 
 `` actually , my lord , i 'd like to visit sazed . 
 i have some matters i must discuss with the steward . '' 
 `` ah , '' renoux said . 
 `` you will ﬁnd him in the library , working on one of my projects . '' 
 `` thank you , '' vin said . 
 renoux nodded , then walked away , his dueling cane clicking against the white marble ﬂoor . 
 vin frowned , trying to decide if he was completely sane . 
 could someone really adopt a persona that wholly ? 
 you do it , vin reminded herself . 
 when you become lady valette , you show a completely different side of yourself . 
 she turned , ﬂaring pewter to help her climb the northern set of stairs . 
 she let her ﬂare lapse as she reached the top , returning to a normal burn . 
 as kelsier said , it was dangerous to ﬂare metals for too extended a period ; an allomancer could quickly make their body dependent . 
 she took a few breaths-climbing the stairs had been difﬁcult , even with pewter-then walked down the corridor to the library . 
 sazed sat at a desk beside a small coal stove on the far side of the small room , writing on a pad of paper . 
 he wore his standard steward 's robes , and a pair of thin spectacles sat at the end of his nose . 
 vin paused in the doorway , regarding the man who had saved her life . 
 why is he wearing spectacles ? 
 i 've seen him read before without them . 
 he seemed completely absorbed by his work , periodically studying a large tome on the desk , then turning to scribble notes on his pad . 
 `` you 're an allomancer , '' vin said quietly . 
 sazed paused , then set down his pen and turned . 
 `` what makes you say that , mistress vin ? '' 
 `` you got to luthadel too quickly . '' 
 `` lord renoux keeps several swift messenger horses in his stables . 
 i could have taken one of those . '' 
 `` you found me at the palace , '' vin said . 
 `` kelsier told me of his plans , and i correctly assumed that you had followed him . 
 locating you was a stroke of luck , one that nearly took me too long to achieve . '' 
 vin frowned . 
 `` you killed the inquisitor . '' 
 `` killed ? '' 
 sazed asked . 
 `` no , mistress . 
 it takes far more power than i possess to kill one of those monstrosities . 
 i simply ... distracted him . '' 
 vin stood in the doorway for a moment longer , trying to ﬁgure out why sazed was being so ambiguous . 
 `` so , are you an allomancer or not ? '' 
 he smiled , then he pulled a stool out from beside the desk . 
 `` please , sit down . '' 
 vin did as requested , crossing the room and sitting on the stool , her back to a massive bookshelf . 
 `` what would you think if i told you that i was n't an allomancer ? '' 
 sazed asked . 
 `` i 'd think that you were lying , '' vin said . 
 `` have you known me to lie before ? '' 
 `` the best liars are those who tell the truth most of the time . '' 
 sazed smiled , regarding her through bespectacled eyes . 
 `` that is true , i think . 
 still , what proof have you that i am an allomancer ? '' 
 `` you did things that could n't have been done without allomancy . '' 
 `` oh ? 
 a mistborn for two months , and already you know all that is possible in the world ? '' 
 vin paused . 
 up until just recently , she had n't even known much about allomancy . 
 perhaps there was more to the world than she had assumed . 
 there 's always another secret . 
 kelsier 's words . 
 `` so , '' she said slowly , `` what exactly is a ` keeper ' ? '' 
 sazed smiled . 
 `` now , that is a far more clever question , mistress . 
 keepers are ... storehouses . 
 we remember things , so that they can be used in the future . '' 
 `` like religions , '' vin said . 
 sazed nodded . 
 `` religious truths are my particular specialty . '' 
 `` but , you remember other things too ? '' 
 sazed nodded . 
 `` like what ? '' 
 `` well , '' sazed said , closing the tome he had been studying . 
 `` languages , for instance . '' 
 vin immediately recognized the glyph-covered cover . 
 `` the book i found in the palace ! 
 how did you get it ? '' 
 `` i happened across it while searching for you , '' the terrisman said . 
 `` it is written in a very old language , one that has n't been spoken regularly in nearly a millennium . '' 
 `` but you speak it ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 sazed nodded . 
 `` enough to translate this , i think . '' 
 `` and ... how many languages do you know ? '' 
 `` a hundred and seventy-two , '' sazed said . 
 `` most of them , such as khlenni , are no longer spoken . 
 the lord ruler 's unity movement of the ﬁfth century made certain of that . 
 the language people now speak is actually a distant dialect of terris , the language of my homeland . '' 
 a hundred and seventy-two , vin thought with amazement . 
 `` that ... sounds impossible . 
 one man could n't remember that much . '' 
 `` not one man , '' sazed said . 
 `` one keeper . 
 what i do is similar to allomancy , but not the same . 
 you draw power from metals . 
 i. . . 
 use them to create memories . '' 
 `` how ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 sazed shook his head . 
 `` perhaps another time , mistress . 
 my kind ... we prefer to maintain our secrets . 
 the lord ruler hunts us with a remarkable , confusing passion . 
 we are far less threatening than mistborn-yet , he ignores allomancers and seeks to destroy us , hating the terris people because of us . '' 
 `` hating ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 `` you 're treated better than regular skaa . 
 you 're given positions of respect . '' 
 `` that is true , mistress , '' sazed said . 
 `` but , in a way , the skaa are more free . 
 most terrismen are raised from birth to be stewards . 
 there are very few of us left , and the lord ruler 's breeders control our reproduction . 
 no terrisman steward is allowed to have a family , or even to bear children . '' 
 vin snorted . 
 `` that seems like it would be hard to enforce . '' 
 sazed paused , hand laying on the cover of the large book . 
 `` why , not at all , '' he said with a frown . 
 `` all terrisman stewards are eunuchs , child . 
 i assumed you knew that . '' 
 vin froze , then she blushed furiously . 
 `` i. . . 
 i 'm ... sorry ... '' `` truly and surely , no apology is required . 
 i was castrated soon after my birth , as is standard for those who will be stewards . 
 often , i think i would have easily traded my life for that of a common skaa . 
 my people are less than slaves ... they 're fabricated automatons , created by breeding programs , trained from birth to fulﬁll the lord ruler 's wishes . '' 
 vin continued to blush , cursing her lack of tact . 
 why had n't anyone told her ? 
 sazed , however , did n't seem offended-he never seemed to get angry about anything . 
 probably a function of his ... condition , vin thought . 
 that 's what the breeders must want . 
 docile , even-tempered stewards . 
 `` but , '' vin said , frowning , `` you 're a rebel , sazed . 
 you 're ﬁghting the lord ruler . '' 
 `` i am something of a deviant , '' sazed said . 
 `` and , my people are not as completely subjugated as the lord ruler would believe , i think . 
 we hide keepers beneath his very eyes , and some of us even gather the courage to break our training . '' 
 he paused , then shook his head . 
 `` it is not an easy thing , however . 
 we are a weak people , mistress . 
 we are eager to do as we are told , quick to seek subjugation . 
 even i , whom you dub a rebel , immediately sought out a position of stewardship and subservience . 
 we are not so brave as we would wish , i think . '' 
 `` you were brave enough to save me , '' vin said . 
 sazed smiled . 
 `` ah , but there was an element of obedience in that too . 
 i promised master kelsier that i would see to your safety . '' 
 ah , she thought . 
 she had wondered if he 'd had a reason for his actions . 
 after all , who would risk their life simply to save vin ? 
 she sat for a moment in thought , and sazed turned back to his book . 
 finally , she spoke again , drawing the terrisman 's attention . 
 `` sazed ? '' 
 `` yes , mistress ? '' 
 `` who betrayed kelsier three years ago ? '' 
 sazed paused , then set down his fountain pen . 
 `` the facts are unclear , mistress . 
 most of the crew assumes it was mare , i think . '' 
 `` mare ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 `` kelsier 's wife ? '' 
 sazed nodded . 
 `` apparently , she was one of the only people who could have done it . 
 in addition , the lord ruler himself implicated her . '' 
 `` but , was n't she sent to the pits too ? '' 
 `` she died there , '' sazed said . 
 `` master kelsier is reticent about the pits , but i sense that the scars he bears from that horrid place go much deeper than the ones you see on his arms . 
 i do n't think he ever knew if she was the traitor or not . '' 
 `` my brother said that anyone would betray you , if they had the right chance and a good enough motive . '' 
 sazed frowned . 
 `` even if such a thing were true , i would not want to live believing it . '' 
 it seems better than what happened to kelsier : being turned over to the lord ruler by one you thought you loved . 
 `` kelsier is different lately , '' vin said . 
 `` he seems more reserved . 
 is that because he feels guilty for what happened to me ? '' 
 `` i suspect that is part of it , '' sazed said . 
 `` however , he is also coming to realize that there is a large difference between heading a small crew of thieves and organizing a large rebellion . 
 he ca n't take the risks he once did . 
 the process is changing him for the better , i think . '' 
 vin was n't so certain . 
 however , she remained silent , realizing with frustration how tired she was . 
 even sitting on a stool seemed strenuous to her now . 
 `` go and sleep , mistress , '' sazed said , picking up his pen and relocating his place in the tome with his ﬁnger . 
 `` you survived something that probably should have killed you . 
 give your body the thanks it deserves ; let it rest . '' 
 vin nodded tiredly , then climbed to her feet and left him scribbling quietly in the afternoon light . 
 sometimes i wonder what would have happened if i 'd remained there , in that lazy village of my birth . 
 i 'd have become a smith , like my father . 
 perhaps i 'd have a family , sons of my own . 
 perhaps someone else would have come to carry this terrible burden . 
 someone who could bear it far better than i. someone who deserved to be a hero . 
 17 before coming to mansion renoux , vin had never seen a cultivated garden . 
 on burglaries or scouting missions , she had occasionally seen ornamental plants , but she 'd never given them much heed-they , like many noble interests , had seemed frivolous to her . 
 she had n't realized how beautiful the plants could be when arranged carefully . 
 mansion renoux 's garden balcony was a thin , oval structure that overlooked the grounds below . 
 the gardens were n't large-they required too much water and attention to form more than a thin perimeter around the back of the building . 
 still , they were marvelous . 
 instead of mundane browns and whites , the cultivated plants were of deeper , more vibrant colors-shades of red , orange , and yellow , with the colors concentrated in their leaves . 
 the groundskeepers had planted them to make intricate , beautiful patterns . 
 closer to the balcony , exotic trees with colorful yellow leaves gave shade and protected from ashfalls . 
 it was a very mild winter , and most of the trees still held their leaves . 
 the air felt cool , and the rustling of branches in the wind was soothing . 
 almost soothing enough , in fact , to make vin forget how annoyed she was . 
 `` would you like more tea , child ? '' 
 lord renoux asked . 
 he did n't wait for an answer ; he simply waved for a servant to rush forward and reﬁll her cup . 
 vin sat on a plush cushion , her wicker chair designed for comfort . 
 during the last four weeks , her every whim and desire had been met . 
 servants cleaned up after her , primped her , fed her , and even helped bathe her . 
 renoux saw that anything she asked for was given her , and she certainly was n't expected to do anything strenuous , dangerous , or even slightly inconvenient . 
 in other words , her life was maddeningly boring . 
 before , her time at mansion renoux had been monopolized by sazed 's lessons and kelsier 's training . 
 she 'd slept during the days , having only minimal contact with the mansion staff . 
 now , however , allomancy-at least , the nighttime jumping kind-was forbidden her . 
 her wound was only partially healed , and too much motion reopened it . 
 sazed still gave her occasional lessons , but his time was dominated by translating the book . 
 he spent long hours in the library , poring over its pages with an uncharacteristically excited air . 
 he 's found a new bit of lore , vin thought . 
 to a keeper , that 's probably as intoxicating as streetspice . 
 she sipped at her tea with repressed petulance , eyeing the nearby servants . 
 they seemed like scavenger birds , roosting and waiting for any opportunity to make vin as comfortable - and as frustrated-as possible . 
 renoux was n't much help either . 
 his idea of `` taking lunch '' with vin was to sit and attend to his own duties - making notes on ledgers or dictating letters-while eating . 
 her attendance seemed important to him , but he rarely paid much attention to her other than to ask how her day had been . 
 yet , she forced herself to act the part of a prim noblewoman . 
 lord renoux had hired some new servants that did n't know about the job-not house staff , but gardeners and workmen . 
 kelsier and renoux had worried that the other houses would grow suspicious if they could n't get at least a few servant-spies onto the renoux grounds . 
 kelsier did n't see it as a danger to the job , but it did mean that vin had to maintain her persona whenever possible . 
 i ca n't believe that people live like this , vin thought as some servants began clearing away the meal . 
 how can noblewomen ﬁll their days with so much nothing ? 
 no wonder everyone 's eager to attend those balls ! 
 `` is your respite pleasant , dear ? '' 
 renoux asked , pouring over another ledger . 
 `` yes , uncle , '' vin said through tight lips . 
 `` quite . '' 
 `` you should be up to a shopping trip soon , '' renoux said , looking up at her . 
 `` perhaps you would like to visit kenton street ? 
 get some new earrings to replace that pedestrian stud you wear ? '' 
 vin reached a hand to her ear , where her mother 's earring still sat . 
 `` no , '' she said . 
 `` i 'll keep this . '' 
 renoux frowned , but said no more , for a servant approached and drew his attention . 
 `` my lord , '' the servant said to renoux . 
 `` a carriage just arrived from luthadel . '' 
 vin perked up . 
 that was the servants ' way of saying that a member of the crew had arrived . 
 `` ah , very good , '' renoux said . 
 `` show them up , tawnson . '' 
 `` yes , my lord . '' 
 a few minutes later , kelsier , breeze , yeden , and dockson walked out onto the balcony . 
 renoux discreetly waved to the servants , who closed the glass balcony doors and left the crew in privacy . 
 several men took up position just inside , watching to make certain that the wrong people did n't have an opportunity to eavesdrop . 
 `` are we interrupting your meal ? '' 
 dockson asked . 
 `` no ! '' 
 vin said quickly , cutting off lord renoux 's reply . 
 `` sit , please . '' 
 kelsier strolled over to the balcony 's ledge , looking out over the garden and grounds . 
 `` nice view you have here . '' 
 `` kelsier , is that wise ? '' 
 renoux asked . 
 `` some of the gardeners are men for whom i can not vouch . '' 
 kelsier chuckled . 
 `` if they can recognize me from this distance , they deserve more than the great houses are paying them . '' 
 however , he did leave the balcony edge , walking over to the table and spinning a chair , then sitting down on it the wrong way . 
 over the last few weeks , he had mostly returned to his old , familiar self . 
 yet , there were still changes . 
 he held meetings more often , discussed more of his plans with the crew . 
 he also still seemed different , more ... thoughtful . 
 sazed was right , vin thought . 
 our attack on the palace might have been near-deadly for me , but it has changed kelsier for the better . 
 `` we thought we 'd have our meeting here this week , '' dockson said , `` since you two rarely get to participate . '' 
 `` that was most thoughtful of you , master dockson , '' lord renoux said . 
 `` but your concern is unnecessary . 
 we are doing just ﬁne - '' `` no , '' vin interrupted . 
 `` no , we are n't . 
 some of us need information . 
 what 's happening with the crew ? 
 how is the recruitment going ? '' 
 renoux eyed her with dissatisfaction . 
 vin , however , ignored him . 
 he 's not really a lord , she told herself . 
 he 's just another crewmember . 
 my opinion counts as much as his ! 
 now that the servants are gone , i can speak how i want . 
 kelsier chuckled . 
 `` well , captivity 's made her a bit more outspoken , if nothing else . '' 
 `` i do n't have anything to do , '' vin said . 
 `` it 's driving me insane . '' 
 breeze set his cup of wine on the table . 
 `` some would ﬁnd your state quite enviable , vin . '' 
 `` then they must already be insane . '' 
 `` oh , they 're mostly noblemen , '' kelsier said . 
 `` so , yes , they 're quite mad . '' 
 `` the job , '' vin reminded . 
 `` what 's happening ? '' 
 `` recruitment is still too slow , '' dockson said . 
 `` but we 're improving . '' 
 `` we may have to sacriﬁce further security for numbers , kelsier , '' yeden said . 
 that 's a change too , she thought , impressed as she noted yeden 's civility . 
 he had taken to wearing nicer clothing-not quite a full gentlemen 's suit like dockson or breeze , but at least a well-cut jacket and trousers , with a buttoning shirt beneath , all kept clean of soot . 
 `` that ca n't be helped , yeden , '' kelsier said . 
 `` fortunately , ham 's doing well with the troops . 
 i had a message from him just a few days ago . 
 he 's impressed with their progress . '' 
 breeze snorted . 
 `` be warned-hammond does tend to be a bit optimistic about these kinds of things . 
 if the army were made up of one-legged mutes , he would praise their balance and their listening skills . '' 
 `` i should like to see the army , '' yeden said eagerly . 
 `` soon , '' kelsier promised . 
 `` we should be able to get marsh into the ministry within the month , '' dockson said , nodding to sazed as the terrisman passed their sentries and entered the balcony . 
 `` hopefully , marsh will be able to give some insight as to how to deal with the steel inquisitors . '' 
 vin shivered . 
 `` they are a concern , '' breeze agreed . 
 `` considering what a couple of them did to you two , i do n't envy capturing the palace with them in there . 
 they are as dangerous as mistborn . '' 
 `` more , '' vin said quietly . 
 `` can the army really ﬁght them ? '' 
 yeden asked uncomfortably . 
 `` i mean , they 're supposed to be immortal , are n't they ? '' 
 `` marsh will ﬁnd the answer , '' kelsier promised . 
 yeden paused , then nodded , accepting kelsier 's word . 
 yes , changed indeed , vin thought . 
 it appeared that not even yeden could resist kelsier 's charisma for an extended period of time . 
 `` in the meantime , '' kelsier said , `` i 'm hoping to hear what sazed has learned about the lord ruler . '' 
 sazed sat , laying his tome on the tabletop . 
 `` i will tell you what i can , though this is not the book that i ﬁrst assumed it to be . 
 i thought that mistress vin had recovered some ancient religious text-but it is of a far more mundane nature . '' 
 `` mundane ? '' 
 dockson asked . 
 `` how ? '' 
 `` it is a journal , master dockson , '' sazed said . 
 `` a record that appears to have been penned by the lord ruler himself - or , rather , the man who became the lord ruler . 
 even ministry teachings agree that before the ascension , he was a mortal man . 
 `` this book tells of his life just prior to his ﬁnal battle at the well of ascension a thousand years ago . 
 mostly , it is a record of his travels-a narration of the people he met , the places he visited , and the trials he faced during his quest . '' 
 `` interesting , '' breeze said , `` but how does it help us ? '' 
 `` i am not certain , master ladrian , '' sazed said . 
 `` however , understanding the real history behind the ascension will be of use , i think . 
 at the very least , it will give us some insight to the lord ruler 's mind . '' 
 kelsier shrugged . 
 `` the ministry thinks it 's important - vin said she found it in some kind of shrine in the central palace complex . '' 
 `` which , of course , '' breeze noted , `` does n't at all raise any questions regarding its authenticity . '' 
 `` i do not believe it to be a fabrication , master ladrian , '' sazed said . 
 `` it contains a remarkable level of detail , especially regarding unimportant issues-like packmen and supplies . 
 in addition , the lord ruler it depicts is very conﬂicted . 
 if the ministry were going to devise a book for worship , they would present their god with more ... divinity , i think . '' 
 `` i 'll want to read it when you are done , saze , '' dockson said . 
 `` and i , '' breeze said . 
 `` some of clubs 's apprentices occasionally work as scribes , '' kelsier said . 
 `` we 'll have them make a copy for each of you . '' 
 `` handy lot , those , '' dockson noted . 
 kelsier nodded . 
 `` so , where does that leave us ? '' 
 the group paused , then dockson nodded to vin . 
 `` with the nobility . '' 
 kelsier frowned slightly . 
 `` i can go back to work , '' vin said quickly . 
 `` i 'm mostly healed , now . '' 
 kelsier shot a look at sazed , who raised an eyebrow . 
 he checked on her wound periodically . 
 apparently , he did n't like what he saw . 
 `` kell , '' vin said . 
 `` i 'm going insane . 
 i grew up as a thief , scrambling for food and space-i ca n't just sit around and let these servants pamper me . '' 
 besides , i have to prove that i can still be useful to this crew . 
 `` well , '' kelsier said . 
 `` you 're one of the reasons we came here today . 
 there 's a ball this weekend that - '' `` i 'll go , '' vin said . 
 kelsier held up a ﬁnger . 
 `` hear me out , vin . 
 you 've been through a lot lately , and this inﬁltration could get dangerous . '' 
 `` kelsier , '' vin said ﬂatly . 
 `` my whole life has been dangerous . 
 i 'm going . '' 
 kelsier did n't look convinced . 
 `` she has to do it , kell , '' dockson said . 
 `` for one thing , the nobility is going to get suspicious if she does n't start going to parties again . 
 for another , we need to know what she sees . 
 having servant spies on the staff is n't the same as having a spy listening to local plots . 
 you know that . '' 
 `` all right , then , '' kelsier ﬁnally said . 
 `` but you have to promise not to use physical allomancy until sazed says otherwise . '' 
 later that evening , vin still could n't believe how eager she was to go the ball . 
 she stood in her room , looking over the different gown ensembles that dockson had found for her . 
 since she had been forced to wear noblewoman 's attire for a good month straight , she was beginning to ﬁnd dresses just a shade more comfortable than she once had . 
 not that they are n't frivolous , of course , she thought , inspecting the four gowns . 
 all of that lace , the layers of material ... a simple shirt and trousers are so much more practical . 
 yet , there was something special about the gowns - something in their beauty , like the gardens outside . 
 when regarded as static items , like a solitary plant , the dresses were only mildly impressive . 
 however , when she considered attending the ball , the gowns took on a new meaning . 
 they were beautiful , and they would make her beautiful . 
 they were the face she would show to the court , and she wanted to choose the right one . 
 i wonder if elend venture will be there ... did n't sazed say that most of the younger aristocrats attended every ball ? 
 she lay a hand on one dress , black with silver embroiderings . 
 it would match her hair , but was it too dark ? 
 most of the other women wore colorful dresses ; muted colors seemed reserved for men 's suits . 
 she eyed a yellow gown , but it just seemed a little too ... perky . 
 and the white one was too ornate . 
 that left the red . 
 the neckline was lower-not that she had a lot to show-but it was beautiful . 
 a bit gossamer , with full sleeves that were made of translucent mesh in places , it enticed her . 
 but it seemed so ... blatant . 
 she picked it up , feeling the soft material in her ﬁngers , imagining herself wearing it . 
 how did i get to this ? 
 vin thought . 
 this thing would be impossible to hide in ! 
 these frilly creations , these are n't me . 
 and yet ... part of her longed to be back at the ball again . 
 the daily life of a noblewoman frustrated her , but her memories of that one night were alluring . 
 the beautiful couples dancing , the perfect atmosphere and music , the marvelous crystalline windows . . 
 i do n't even realize when i 'm wearing perfume anymore , she realized with shock . 
 she found it preferable to bathe in scented water each day , and the servants even perfumed her clothing . 
 it was all subtle , of course , but it would be enough to give her away while sneaking . 
 her hair had grown longer , and had been carefully cut by renoux 's stylist so that it fell around her ears , curling just slightly . 
 she no longer looked quite so scrawny in the mirror , despite her lengthy sickness ; regular meals had ﬁlled her out . 
 i 'm becoming ... vin paused . 
 she did n't know what she was becoming . 
 certainly not a noblewoman . 
 noblewomen did n't get annoyed when they could n't to go out stalking at night . 
 yet , she was n't really vin the urchin anymore . 
 she was ... mistborn . 
 vin carefully laid the beautiful red dress back on her bed , then crossed the room to look out the window . 
 the sun was close to setting ; soon , the mists would come-though , as usual , sazed would have guards posted to make certain that she did n't go on any unauthorized allomantic romps . 
 she had n't complained at the precautions . 
 he was right . 
 unwatched , she probably would have broken her promise long ago . 
 she caught a glimpse of motion to her right , and could just barely make out a ﬁgure standing out on the garden balcony . 
 kelsier . 
 vin stood for a moment , then left her rooms . 
 kelsier turned as she walked onto the balcony . 
 she paused , not wanting to interrupt , but he gave her one of his characteristic smiles . 
 she walked forward , joining him at the carved stone balcony railing . 
 he turned and looked westward-not at the grounds , but beyond them . 
 toward the wilderness , lit by a setting sun , outside of town . 
 `` does it ever look wrong to you , vin ? '' 
 `` wrong ? '' 
 she asked . 
 kelsier nodded . 
 `` the dry plants , the angry sun , the smoky-black sky . '' 
 vin shrugged . 
 `` how can those things be right or wrong ? 
 that 's just the way things are . '' 
 `` i suppose , '' kelsier said . 
 `` but , i think your mind-set is part of the wrongness . 
 the world should n't look like this . '' 
 vin frowned . 
 `` how do you know that ? '' 
 kelsier reached into his vest pocket and pulled out a piece of paper . 
 he unfolded it with a gentle touch , then handed it to vin . 
 she accepted the sheet , holding it carefully ; it was so old and worn that it seemed close to breaking at the creases . 
 it did n't contain any words , just an old , faded picture . 
 it depicted a strange shape-something like a plant , though not one vin had ever seen . 
 it was too ... ﬂimsy . 
 it did n't have a thick stalk , and its leaves were far too delicate . 
 at its top , it had a strange collection of leaves that were a different color from the rest . 
 `` it 's called a ﬂower , '' kelsier said . 
 `` they used to grow on plants , before the ascension . 
 descriptions of them appear in the old poems and stories-things that only keepers and rebel sages know about anymore . 
 apparently , these plants were beautiful , and they had a pleasant smell . '' 
 `` plants that smell ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 `` like fruit ? '' 
 `` something like that , i think . 
 some of the reports even claim that these ﬂowers grew into fruit , in the days before the ascension . '' 
 vin stood quietly , frowning , trying to imagine such a thing . 
 `` that picture belonged to my wife , mare , '' kelsier said quietly . 
 `` dockson found it in her things after we were taken . 
 he kept it , hoping that we would return . 
 he gave it to me after i escaped . '' 
 vin looked down at the picture again . 
 `` mare was fascinated by pre-ascension times , '' kelsier said , still staring out over the gardens . 
 in the distance , the sun touched the horizon , and grew an even deeper red . 
 `` she collected things like that paper : pictures and descriptions of the old times . 
 i think that fascination-along with the fact that she was a tineye-is part of what led her to the underground , and to me . 
 she 's the one who ﬁrst introduced me to sazed , though i did n't use him in my crew at the time . 
 he was n't interested in thieving . '' 
 vin folded up the paper . 
 `` and you keep this picture still ? 
 after . . 
 what she did to you ? '' 
 kelsier fell silent for a moment . 
 then he eyed her . 
 `` been listening at doors again , have we ? 
 oh , do n't worry . 
 i suppose it 's common enough knowledge . '' 
 in the distance , the setting sun became a blaze , its ruddy light illuminating clouds and smoke alike . 
 `` yes , i keep the ﬂower , '' kelsier said . 
 `` i 'm not really sure why . 
 but . . 
 do you stop loving someone just because they betray you ? 
 i do n't think so . 
 that 's what makes the betrayal hurt so much-pain , frustration , anger ... and i still loved her . 
 i still do . '' 
 `` how ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 `` how can you ? 
 and , how can you possibly trust people ? 
 did n't you learn from what she did to you ? '' 
 kelsier shrugged . 
 `` i think ... i think given the choice between loving mare-betrayal included-and never knowing her , i 'd choose love . 
 i risked , and i lost , but the risk was still worth it . 
 it 's the same with my friends . 
 suspicion is healthy in our profession-but only to an extent . 
 i 'd rather trust my men than worry about what will happen if they turn on me . '' 
 `` that sounds foolish , '' vin said . 
 `` is happiness foolish ? '' 
 kelsier asked , turning toward her . 
 `` where have you been happier , vin ? 
 on my crew , or back with camon ? '' 
 vin paused . 
 `` i do n't know for sure if mare betrayed me , '' kelsier said , looking back at the sunset . 
 `` she always claimed that she did n't . '' 
 `` and she was sent to the pits , right ? '' 
 vin said . 
 `` that does n't make sense , if she sided with the lord ruler . '' 
 kelsier shook his head , still staring into the distance . 
 `` she showed up at the pits a few weeks after i was sent there-we were separated , after we were caught . 
 i do n't know what happened during that time , or why she was eventually sent to hathsin . 
 the fact that she was sent to die hints that maybe she really did n't betray me , but . . '' 
 he turned toward vin . 
 `` you did n't hear him when he caught us , vin . 
 the lord ruler . . 
 he thanked her . 
 thanked her for betraying me . 
 his words-spoken with such an eerie sense of honesty-mixed with the way that the plan was set up ... well , it was hard to believe mare . 
 that did n't change my love , though-not deep down . 
 i nearly died when she did a year later , beaten before the slavemasters at the pits . 
 that night , after her corpse was taken away , i snapped . '' 
 `` you went mad ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 `` no , '' kelsier said . 
 `` snapping is an allomantic term . 
 our powers are latent at ﬁrst-they only come out after some traumatic event . 
 something intense-something almost deadly . 
 the philosophers say that a man ca n't command the metals until he has seen death and rejected it . '' 
 `` so ... when did it happen to me ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 kelsier shrugged . 
 `` it 's hard to tell . 
 growing up as you did , there were probably ample opportunities for you to snap . '' 
 he nodded as if to himself . 
 `` for me , '' he said , `` it was that night . 
 alone in the pits , my arms bleeding from the day 's work . 
 mare was dead , and i feared that i was responsible - that my lack of faith took away her strength and will . 
 she died knowing that i questioned her loyalty . 
 maybe , if i 'd really loved her , i would n't have ever questioned . 
 i do n't know . '' 
 `` but , you did n't die , '' vin said . 
 kelsier shook his head . 
 `` i decided that i 'd see her dream fulﬁlled . 
 i 'd make a world where ﬂowers returned , a world with green plants , a world where no soot fell from the sky ... '' he trailed off , then sighed . 
 `` i know . 
 i 'm insane . '' 
 `` actually , '' vin said quietly , `` it kind of makes sense . 
 finally . '' 
 kelsier smiled . 
 the sun sank beneath the horizon , and while its light was still a ﬂare in the west , the mists began to appear . 
 they did n't come from one speciﬁc place , they just sort of ... grew . 
 they extended like translucent , twisting vines in the sky-curling back and forth , lengthening , dancing , melding . 
 `` mare wanted children , '' kelsier said suddenly . 
 `` back when we were ﬁrst married , a decade and a half ago . 
 i. . . 
 did n't agree with her . 
 i wanted to become the most famous skaa thief of all time , and did n't have time for things that would slow me down . 
 `` it 's probably a good thing that we did n't have children . 
 the lord ruler might have found and killed them . 
 but , he might not have-dox and the others survived . 
 now , sometimes , i wish that i had a piece of her with me . 
 a child . 
 a daughter , perhaps , with mare 's same dark hair and resilient stubbornness . '' 
 he paused , then looked down at vin . 
 `` i do n't want to be responsible for something happening to you , vin . 
 not again . '' 
 vin frowned . 
 `` i 'm not spending any more time locked in this mansion . '' 
 `` no , i do n't suppose you will . 
 if we try and keep you in much longer , you 'll probably just show up at clubs 's shop one night having done something very foolish . 
 we 're a bit too much alike that way , you and i. just . . 
 be careful . '' 
 vin nodded . 
 `` i will . '' 
 they stood for a few more minutes , watching the mists gather . 
 finally , kelsier stood up straight , stretching . 
 `` well , for what it 's worth , i 'm glad you decided to join us , vin . '' 
 vin shrugged . 
 `` to tell you the truth , i 'd kind of like to see one of those ﬂowers for myself . '' 
 you could say that circumstances forced me to leave my home behind-certainly , if i had stayed , i would now be dead . 
 during those days-running without knowing why , carrying a burden i did n't understand-i assumed that i would lose myself in khlennium and seek a life of indistinction . 
 i am slowly coming to understand that anonymity , like so many other things , has already been lost to me forever . 
 18 she decided to wear the red dress . 
 it was deﬁnitely the boldest choice , but that felt right . 
 after all , she hid her true self behind an aristocratic appearance ; the more visible that appearance was , the easier it should be for her to hide . 
 a footman opened the carriage door . 
 vin took a deep breath-chest a little conﬁned by the special corset she was wearing to hide her bandages-then accepted the footman 's hand and climbed down . 
 she straightened her dress , nodded to sazed , then joined the other aristocrats making their way up the steps to keep elariel . 
 it was a bit smaller than the keep of house venture . 
 however , keep elariel apparently had a separate party ballroom , while house venture had its gatherings in the enormous main hall . 
 vin eyed the other noblewomen , and felt a bit of her conﬁdence vanish . 
 her dress was beautiful , but the other women had so much more than just gowns . 
 their long , ﬂowing hair and self-assured airs matched their bejeweled ﬁgures . 
 they ﬁlled out the upper portions of their dresses with voluptuous curves , and moved elegantly in the frilled splendor of the lower folds . 
 vin occasionally caught glimpses of the women 's feet , and they did n't wear simple slippers like her own , but rather high-heeled shoes . 
 `` why do n't i have shoes like that ? '' 
 she asked quietly as they climbed the carpet-covered stairs . 
 `` heels take practice to walk in , mistress , '' sazed replied . 
 `` since you 've only just learned to dance , it might be best if you wore regular shoes for a time . '' 
 vin frowned , but accepted the explanation . 
 sazed 's mention of dancing , however , increased her discomfort . 
 she remembered the ﬂowing poise of the dancers at her last ball . 
 she certainly would n't be able to imitate that-she barely even knew the basic steps . 
 that wo n't matter , she thought . 
 they wo n't see me-they 'll see lady valette . 
 she 's supposed to be new and uncertain , and everyone thinks she 's been ill lately . 
 it will make sense for her to be a poor dancer . 
 that thought in mind , vin reached the top of the stairs feeling a bit more secure . 
 `` i must say , mistress , '' sazed said . 
 `` you seem far less nervous this time-in fact , you even seem excited . 
 this is the proper attitude for valette to display , i think . '' 
 `` thank you , '' she said , smiling . 
 he was right : she was excited . 
 excited to be part of the job again-excited , even , to be back among the nobility , with their splendor and grace . 
 they stepped up to the squat ballroom building-one of several low wings extending from the main keep-and a servant took her shawl . 
 vin paused a moment just inside the doorway , waiting as sazed arranged her table and meal . 
 the elariel ballroom was very different from the majestic venture grand hall . 
 the dim room was only a single story high , and while it had a lot of stained-glass windows , they were all in the ceiling . 
 circular rose-window skylights shone from above , lit by small limelights on the roof . 
 each table was set with candles , and despite the light from above , there was a reserved darkness about the room . 
 it seemed ... private , despite the numerous people in attendance . 
 this room had obviously been designed to accommodate parties . 
 a sunken dancing ﬂoor lay at its center , and this was better lit than the rest of the room . 
 there were two tiers of tables circling the dancing ﬂoor : the ﬁrst tier was only a few feet above , the other was farther back and about twice as high . 
 a servant led her to a table at the rim of the room . 
 she sat , sazed taking his customary place beside her , and began to wait for her meal to arrive . 
 `` how exactly am i supposed to get the information kelsier wants ? '' 
 she asked quietly , scanning the dark room . 
 the deep , crystalline colors from above projected patterns across tables and people , creating an impressive atmosphere , yet making it difﬁcult to distinguish faces . 
 was elend here somewhere amidst the ball-goers ? 
 `` tonight , some men should ask you to dance , '' sazed said . 
 `` accept their invitations-this will give you an excuse to seek them out later and mingle in their groups . 
 you do n't need to participate in conversations-you just have to listen . 
 at future balls , perhaps some of the young men will begin to ask you to accompany them . 
 then you 'll be able to sit at their table and listen to all of their discussions . '' 
 `` you mean , sit with one man the entire time ? '' 
 sazed nodded . 
 `` it 's not uncommon . 
 you would dance only with him that night as well . '' 
 vin frowned . 
 however , she let the matter drop , turning to inspect the room again . 
 he 's probably not even here-he said he avoided balls when possible . 
 even if he were here , he 'd be off on his own . 
 you wo n't even - a muted thump sounded as someone dropped a stack of books onto her table . 
 vin jumped in startlement , turning as elend venture pulled over a chair , then sat down with a relaxed posture . 
 he leaned back in the chair , angling toward a candelabrum beside her table , and opened a book to begin reading . 
 sazed frowned . 
 vin hid a smile , eyeing elend . 
 he still did n't look as if he had bothered to brush his hair , and again wore his suit without the buttons done up . 
 the garment was n't shabby , but nor was it as rich as others at the party . 
 it seemed to have been tailored to be loose and relaxed , defying the traditional sharp , well-cut fashion . 
 elend ﬂipped through his book . 
 vin waited patiently for him to acknowledge her , but he just continued to read . 
 finally , vin raised an eyebrow . 
 `` i do n't remember giving you permission to sit at my table , lord venture , '' she said . 
 `` do n't mind me , '' elend said , not looking up . 
 `` you 've got a big table-there 's plenty of room for both of us . '' 
 `` both of us , perhaps , '' vin said . 
 `` but i 'm not sure about those books . 
 where are the servers going to put my meal ? '' 
 `` there 's a bit of space to your left , '' elend said offhandedly . 
 sazed 's frown deepened . 
 he stepped forward , gathering up the books and setting them on the ﬂoor beside elend 's chair . 
 elend continued to read . 
 he did , however , raise a hand to gesture . 
 `` see , now , that 's why i do n't ever use terrismen servants . 
 they 're an insufferably efﬁcient lot , i must say . '' 
 `` sazed is hardly insufferable , '' vin said coolly . 
 `` he is a good friend , and is probably a better man than you will ever be , lord venture . '' 
 elend ﬁnally looked up . 
 `` i 'm ... sorry , '' he said in a frank tone . 
 `` i apologize . '' 
 vin nodded . 
 elend , however , opened his book and began reading again . 
 why sit with me if he 's just going to read ? 
 `` what did you do at these parties before you had me to pester ? '' 
 she asked in an annoyed tone . 
 `` see , now , how can i be pestering you ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i mean , really , valette . 
 i 'm just sitting here , reading quietly to myself . '' 
 `` at my table . 
 i 'm certain you could get your own-you 're the venture heir . 
 not that you were forthcoming about that fact during our last meeting . '' 
 `` true , '' elend said . 
 `` i do , however , recall telling you that the ventures were an annoying lot . 
 i 'm just trying to live up to the description . '' 
 `` you 're the one that made up the description ! '' 
 `` convenient , that , '' elend said , smiling slightly as he read . 
 vin sighed in frustration , scowling . 
 elend peeked up over his book . 
 `` that 's a stunning dress . 
 it 's almost as beautiful as you are . '' 
 vin froze , jaw hanging open slightly . 
 elend smiled mischievously , then turned back to his book , eyes sparkling as if to indicate that he 'd made the comment simply because he knew the reaction he 'd get . 
 sazed loomed over the table , not bothering to mask his disapproval . 
 yet , he said nothing . 
 elend was obviously too important to be chastised by a simple steward . 
 vin ﬁnally found her tongue . 
 `` how is it , lord venture , that an eligible man like yourself comes to these balls alone ? '' 
 `` oh , i do n't , '' elend said . 
 `` my family usually has one girl or another lined up to accompany me . 
 tonight 's fare is the lady stase blanches-she 's the one in the green dress sitting on the lower tier across from us . '' 
 vin glanced across the room . 
 lady blanches was a gorgeous blond woman . 
 she kept glancing up at vin 's table , covering a scowl . 
 vin ﬂushed , turning away . 
 `` um , should n't you be down there with her ? '' 
 `` probably , '' elend said . 
 `` but , see , i 'll tell you a secret . 
 the truth is , i 'm not really much of a gentleman . 
 besides , i did n't invite her-it was n't until i got into the carriage that i was informed regarding my accompaniment . '' 
 `` i see , '' vin said with a frown . 
 `` my behavior is , nonetheless , deplorable . 
 unfortunately , i 'm quite prone to such bouts of deplorability-take , for instance , my fondness for reading books at the dinner table . 
 excuse me for a moment ; i 'm going to go get something to drink . '' 
 he stood , tucking the book into his pocket , and walked toward one of the room 's bar tables . 
 vin watched him go , both annoyed and bemused . 
 `` this is not good , mistress , '' sazed said in a low tone . 
 `` he 's not that bad . '' 
 `` he 's using you , mistress , '' sazed said . 
 `` lord venture is infamous for his unconventional , disobedient attitude . 
 many people dislike him-precisely because he does things like this . '' 
 `` like this ? '' 
 `` he is sitting with you because he knows that it will annoy his family , '' sazed said . 
 `` oh , child-i do not wish to bring you pain , but you must understand the ways of the court . 
 this young man is not romantically interested in you . 
 he is a young , arrogant lord who chafes at his father 's restrictions - so he rebels , acting rude and offensive . 
 he knows that his father will relent if he acts spoiled enough for long enough . '' 
 vin felt her stomach twist . 
 sazed 's probably right , of course . 
 why else would elend seek me out ? 
 i 'm exactly what he needs-someone lowborn enough to annoy his father , but inexperienced enough not to see the truth . 
 her meal arrived , but vin did n't have much of an appetite anymore . 
 she began to pick at the food as elend returned , settling down with a large goblet ﬁlled with some mixed drink . 
 he sipped as he read . 
 let 's see how he reacts if i do n't interrupt his reading , vin thought in annoyance , remembering her lessons , and eating her food with a lady 's grace . 
 it was n't a large meal-mostly some rich , buttered vegetables-and the sooner she ﬁnished , the sooner she could get to dancing . 
 at least then she would n't have to sit with elend venture . 
 the young lord paused several times as she ate , peeking at her over the top of his book . 
 he obviously expected her to say something , but she never did . 
 as she ate , however , her anger faded . 
 she glanced at elend , studying his slightly disheveled appearance , watching the earnestness with which he read his book . 
 could this man really hide the twisted sense of manipulation sazed implied ? 
 was he really just using her ? 
 anyone will betray you , reen whispered . 
 everyone will betray you . 
 elend just seemed so ... genuine . 
 he felt like a real person , not a front or a face . 
 and it did seem like he wanted her to talk to him . 
 it felt like a personal victory to vin when he ﬁnally sat the book down and looked at her . 
 `` why are you here , valette ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` here at the party ? '' 
 `` no , here in luthadel . '' 
 `` because it 's the center of everything , '' vin said . 
 elend frowned . 
 `` i suppose it is . 
 but , the empire is a big place to have such a small center . 
 i do n't think we really understand how large it is . 
 how long did it take you to get here ? '' 
 vin felt a moment of panic , but sazed 's lessons snapped quickly into her mind . 
 `` almost two months by canal , with some stops . '' 
 `` such a long time , '' elend said . 
 `` they say it can take half a year to travel from one end of the empire to the other , yet most of us ignore everything but this little bit at the center . '' 
 `` i. . . '' 
 vin trailed off . 
 with reen , she 'd been all across the central dominance . 
 it was the smallest of the dominances , however , and she 'd never visited the more exotic places in the empire . 
 this central area was good for thieves ; oddly , the place closest to the lord ruler was also the one with the most corruption , not to mention the most riches . 
 `` what do you think of the city , then ? '' 
 elend asked . 
 vin paused . 
 `` it 's . . 
 dirty , '' she said honestly . 
 in the dim light , a servant arrived to remove her empty plate . 
 `` it 's dirty , and it 's full . 
 the skaa are treated terribly , but i guess that 's true everywhere . '' 
 elend cocked his head , giving her a strange look . 
 i should n't have mentioned the skaa . 
 that was n't very noble-like . 
 he leaned forward . 
 `` you think the skaa here are treated worse than the ones on your plantation ? 
 i always thought they would be better off in the city . '' 
 `` um ... i 'm not sure . 
 i did n't go to the ﬁelds very often . '' 
 `` so , you did n't interact with them very much ? '' 
 vin shrugged . 
 `` why does it matter ? 
 they 're just skaa . '' 
 `` see , now , that 's what we always say , '' elend said . 
 `` but i do n't know . 
 maybe i 'm too curious , but they interest me . 
 did you ever hear them talk to one another ? 
 did they sound like regular people ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 `` of course they did . 
 what else would they sound like ? '' 
 `` well , you know what the ministry teaches . '' 
 she did n't . 
 however , if it was regarding the skaa , it probably was n't ﬂattering . 
 `` i make it a rule to never completely believe anything the ministry says . '' 
 elend paused again , cocking his head . 
 `` you 're ... not what i expected , lady valette . '' 
 `` people rarely are . '' 
 `` so , tell me about the plantation skaa . 
 what are they like ? '' 
 vin shrugged . 
 `` like skaa everywhere else . '' 
 `` are they intelligent ? '' 
 `` some are . '' 
 `` but , not like you and me , right ? '' 
 elend asked . 
 vin paused . 
 how would a noblewoman respond ? 
 `` no , of course not . 
 they 're just skaa . 
 why are you so interested in them ? '' 
 elend seemed ... disappointed . 
 `` no reason , '' he said , sitting back in his chair and opening his book . 
 `` i think some of those men over there want to ask you to dance . '' 
 vin turned , noticing that there was indeed a group of young men standing a short distance from her table . 
 they looked away as soon as she turned . 
 after a few moments , one of the men pointed at another table ; then he walked over and asked a young lady to dance . 
 `` several people have noticed you , my lady , '' sazed said . 
 `` however , they never approach . 
 lord venture 's presence intimidates them , i think . '' 
 elend snorted . 
 `` they should know that i am anything but intimidating . '' 
 vin frowned , but elend just continued to read . 
 fine ! 
 she thought , turning back toward the young men . 
 she caught one man 's eye , smiling slightly . 
 a few moments later , the young man approached . 
 he spoke to her in a stiff , formal tone . 
 `` lady renoux , i am lord melend liese . 
 would you care to dance ? '' 
 vin shot a glance at elend , but he did n't look up from his book . 
 `` i would love to , lord liese , '' vin said , taking the young man 's hand and rising . 
 he led her down to the dance ﬂoor , and as they approached , vin 's nervousness returned . 
 suddenly , one week of practice did n't seem like enough . 
 the music stopped , allowing for couples to leave or enter the ﬂoor , and lord liese led her forward . 
 vin fought down her paranoia , reminding herself that everyone saw the dress and the rank , not vin herself . 
 she looked up into lord liese 's eyes and saw , surprisingly , apprehension . 
 the music began , as did the dancing . 
 lord liese 's face took on a look of consternation . 
 she could feel his palm sweating in her hands . 
 why , he 's just as nervous as i am ! 
 perhaps even more . 
 liese was younger than elend , closer to her own age . 
 he probably was n't very experienced with balls-he certainly did n't look like he 'd danced much . 
 he focused so much on the steps that his motions felt rigid . 
 it makes sense , vin realized , relaxing and letting her body move in the motions sazed had taught . 
 the experienced ones would n't ask me to dance , not when i 'm so new . 
 i 'm beneath their notice . 
 but , why is elend paying attention to me ? 
 is it simply what sazed said-a ploy to annoy his father ? 
 why , then , does he seem interested in what i have to say ? 
 `` lord liese , '' vin said . 
 `` do you know much of elend venture ? '' 
 liese looked up . 
 `` um , i. . . '' 
 `` do n't focus so much on the dancing , '' vin said . 
 `` my instructor says that it will ﬂow more naturally if you do n't try too hard . '' 
 he blushed . 
 lord ruler ! 
 vin thought . 
 how fresh is this boy ? 
 `` um , lord venture ... '' liese said . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 he 's a very important person . 
 far more important than i am . '' 
 `` do n't let his lineage intimidate you , '' vin said . 
 `` from what i 've seen , he 's pretty harmless . '' 
 `` i do n't know , my lady , '' liese said . 
 `` venture is a very inﬂuential house . '' 
 `` yes , well , elend does n't live up to that reputation . 
 he seems very fond of ignoring those in his company-does he do that to everyone ? '' 
 liese shrugged , dancing more naturally now that they were talking . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 you ... seem to know him better than i , my lady . '' 
 `` i. . . '' 
 vin trailed off . 
 she felt as if she knew him well-far better than she should know a man after two brief encounters . 
 she could n't very well explain that to liese , however . 
 but , maybe ... did n't renoux say that he 'd met elend once ? 
 `` oh , elend is a friend of the family , '' vin said as they spun beneath a crystalline skylight . 
 `` he is ? '' 
 `` yes , '' vin said . 
 `` it was very kind of my uncle to ask elend to watch over me at these parties , and so far he 's been quite a dear . 
 i do wish that he 'd pay less attention to those books of his and more attention to introducing me , though . '' 
 liese perked up , and he seemed to grow a little less insecure . 
 `` oh . 
 why , that makes sense . '' 
 `` yes , '' vin said , `` elend has been like an older brother to me during my time here in luthadel . '' 
 liese smiled . 
 `` i ask you about him because he does n't speak much of himself , '' vin said . 
 `` the ventures have all been quiet lately , '' liese said . 
 `` ever since the attack on their keep several months back . '' 
 vin nodded . 
 `` you know much about that ? '' 
 liese shook his head . 
 `` no one tells me anything . '' 
 he glanced down , watching their feet . 
 `` you 're very good at dancing , lady renoux . 
 you must have attended many balls back in your home city . '' 
 `` you ﬂatter me , my lord , '' vin said . 
 `` no , really . 
 you 're so ... graceful . '' 
 vin smiled , feeling a slight surge of conﬁdence . 
 `` yes , '' liese said , almost to himself . 
 `` you 're not at all like lady shan said - '' he stopped , jerking slightly , as if realizing what he was saying . 
 `` what ? '' 
 vin said . 
 `` nothing , '' liese said , his blush rising . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 it was nothing . '' 
 lady shan , vin thought . 
 remember that name . 
 she prodded liese further as the dance progressed , but he was obviously too inexperienced to know much . 
 he did feel that there was a tension rising between the houses ; though the balls continued , there were more and more absences as people did n't attend parties thrown by their political rivals . 
 when the dance ended , vin felt good about her efforts . 
 she probably had n't discovered much of value to kelsier - however , liese was only the beginning . 
 she 'd work up to more important people . 
 which means , vin thought as liese led her back to her table , i 'm going to have to attend a lot more of these balls . 
 it was n't that the balls themselves were unpleasant-especially now that she was more conﬁdent in her dancing . 
 however , more balls meant fewer chances to be out in the mists . 
 not that sazed would let me go anyway , she thought with an inward sigh , smiling politely as liese bowed and retreated . 
 elend had spread his books across the table , and her alcove was lit by several more candelabra-apparently ﬁlched from other tables . 
 well , vin thought , we 've at least got thieving in common . 
 elend hunched over the table , making notations in a small , pocket-sized book . 
 he did n't look up as she sat . 
 sazed , she noticed , was nowhere to be seen . 
 `` i sent the terrisman to dinner , '' elend said distractedly as he scribbled . 
 `` no need for him to go hungry while you twirled down below . '' 
 vin raised an eyebrow , regarding the books that dominated her tabletop . 
 even as she watched , elend pushed one tome aside-leaving it open to a speciﬁc page-and pulled over another . 
 `` so , how was the aforementioned twirling , anyway ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` it was actually kind of fun . '' 
 `` i thought you were n't very good at it . '' 
 `` i was n't , '' vin said . 
 `` i practiced . 
 you may ﬁnd this information surprising , but sitting in the back of a room reading books in the dark does n't exactly help one become a better dancer . '' 
 `` is that a proposition ? '' 
 elend asked , pushing aside his book and selecting another . 
 `` it 's unladylike to ask a man to dance , you know . '' 
 `` oh , i would n't want to take you away from your reading , '' vin said , turning a book toward her . 
 she grimaced-the text was written in a small , cramped hand . 
 `` besides , dancing with you would undermine all of the work i just did . '' 
 elend paused . 
 then he ﬁnally looked up . 
 `` work ? '' 
 `` yes , '' vin said . 
 `` sazed was right-lord liese ﬁnds you intimidating , and he found me intimidating by association . 
 it could be quite disastrous to a young lady 's social life if all of the young men assumed her unavailable simply because an annoying lord decided to study at her table . '' 
 `` so ... '' elend said . 
 `` so i told him that you were simply showing me the ways of court . 
 kind of like an ... older brother . '' 
 `` older brother ? '' 
 elend asked , frowning . 
 `` much older , '' vin said , smiling . 
 `` i mean , you 've got to be at least twice my age . '' 
 `` twice your ... valette , i 'm twenty-one . 
 unless you 're a very mature ten-year-old , i 'm nowhere near ` twice your age . ' '' 
 `` i 've never been good with math , '' vin said offhandedly . 
 elend sighed , rolling his eyes . 
 nearby , lord liese was speaking quietly with his group of friends , gesturing toward vin and elend . 
 hopefully , one would come ask her to dance soon . 
 `` do you know a lady shan ? '' 
 vin asked idly as she waited . 
 surprisingly , elend looked up . 
 `` shan elariel ? '' 
 `` i assume so , '' vin said . 
 `` who is she ? '' 
 elend turned back to his book . 
 `` nobody important . '' 
 vin raised an eyebrow . 
 `` elend , i 've only been doing this for a few months , but even i know not to trust a comment like that . '' 
 `` well ... '' elend said . 
 `` i might be engaged to her . '' 
 `` you have a ﬁancee ? '' 
 vin asked with exasperation . 
 `` i 'm not exactly sure . 
 we have n't really done anything about the situation for a year or so . 
 everyone 's likely forgotten the matter by now . '' 
 great , vin thought . 
 a moment later , one of liese 's friends approached . 
 glad to be rid of the frustrating venture heir , vin stood , accepting the young lord 's hand . 
 as she walked to the dance ﬂoor , she glanced at elend , and caught him peeking over the book at her . 
 he immediately turned back to his research with an overtly indifferent air . 
 vin sat down at her table , feeling a remarkable level of exhaustion . 
 she resisted the urge to pull off her shoes and massage her feet ; she suspected that would n't be very ladylike . 
 she quietly turned on her copper , then burned pewter , strengthening her body and washing away a bit of her fatigue . 
 she let her pewter , then her copper , lapse . 
 kelsier had assured her that with copper on , she could n't be spotted as an allomancer . 
 vin was n't so certain . 
 with pewter burning , her reactions were too fast , her body too strong . 
 it seemed to her that an observant person would be able to notice such inconsistencies , whether or not they themselves were an allomancer . 
 with the pewter off , her fatigue returned . 
 she 'd been trying to wean herself off constant pewter lately . 
 her wound was to the point that it only hurt badly if she twisted the wrong way , and she wanted to recover her strength on her own , if she could . 
 in a way , her fatigue this evening was a good thing-it was a result of an extended period of dancing . 
 now that the young men regarded elend as a guardian , rather than a romantic interest , they had no qualms about asking vin to dance . 
 and , worried that she would make an unintended political statement by refusing , vin had agreed to each request . 
 a few months ago , she would have laughed at the idea of exhaustion from dancing . 
 however , her sore feet , aching side , and tired legs were only part of it . 
 the effort of memorizing names and houses-not to mention putting up with her dancing partners ' ﬂuffy conversation-left her mentally drained . 
 it 's a good thing sazed had me wear slippers instead of heels , vin thought with a sigh , sipping her chilled juice . 
 the terrisman had n't returned from his dinner yet . 
 notably , elend was n't at the table either-though his books still lay scattered across its top . 
 vin eyed the tomes . 
 perhaps if she appeared to be reading , the young men would leave her alone for a bit . 
 she reached over , rifﬂing through the books for a likely candidate . 
 the one she was most interested in-elend 's small , leather-bound notebook-was missing . 
 instead , she picked a large , blue tome and hefted it over to her side of the table . 
 she had picked it for its large lettering - was paper really so expensive that scribes needed to cram as many lines to a page as possible ? 
 vin sighed , leaﬁng through the volume . 
 i ca n't believe people read books this big , she thought . 
 despite the large lettering , each page was ﬁlled with words . 
 it would take days and days to read the entire thing . 
 reen had taught her reading so that she would be able to decipher contracts , write notes , and perhaps play a noblewoman . 
 however , her training had n't extended to texts this massive . 
 historical practices in imperial political rule , the ﬁrst page read . 
 the chapters had titles like `` the fifth century governorship program '' and `` the rise of skaa plantations . '' 
 she ﬂipped through to the end of the book , ﬁguring it would probably be the most interesting . 
 the ﬁnal chapter was titled `` current political structure . '' 
 so far , she read , the plantation system has produced a far more stable government than previous methodologies . 
 the structure of dominances with each provincial lord taking command of-and responsibility for-his skaa has fostered a competitive environment where discipline is harshly enforced . 
 the lord ruler apparently ﬁnds this system troubling because of the freedom it allows the aristocracy . 
 however , the relative lack of organized rebellion is undoubtedly enticing ; during the two hundred years that the system has been in place , there has n't been a major uprising in the five inner dominances . 
 of course , this political system is only an extension of the greater theocratic rulership . 
 the aristocracy 's independence has been tempered by a renewed vigor in obligator enforcement . 
 no lord , no matter how lofty , would be advised to think himself above their law . 
 the call from an inquisitor can come to anyone . 
 vin frowned . 
 while the text itself was dry , she was surprised that the lord ruler allowed such analytical discussions of his empire . 
 she settled back in her chair , holding up the book , but she did n't read any more . 
 she was too exhausted from the hours she had spent covertly trying to wiggle information out of her dancing partners . 
 unfortunately , politics did n't pay heed to vin 's state of exhaustion . 
 though she did her best to appear absorbed in elend 's book , a ﬁgure soon approached her table . 
 vin sighed , preparing herself for another dance . 
 she soon realized , however , that the newcomer was n't a nobleman , but a terrisman steward . 
 like sazed , he wore robes with overlapping v designs , and was very fond of jewelry . 
 `` lady valette renoux ? '' 
 the tall man asked in a faintly accented voice . 
 `` yes , '' vin said hesitantly . 
 `` my mistress , lady shan elariel , requires your presence at her table . '' 
 requires ? 
 vin thought . 
 she already did n't like that tone , and she had little desire to meet with elend 's former betrothed . 
 unfortunately , house elariel was one of the more powerful great houses-probably not someone to dismiss offhandedly . 
 the terrisman waited expectantly . 
 `` very well , '' vin said , rising with as much grace as she could muster . 
 the terrisman led vin toward a table a short distance from her own . 
 the table was well attended , with ﬁve women seated around it , and vin picked out shan immediately . 
 lady elariel was obviously the statuesque woman with long dark hair . 
 she was n't participating in the conversation , but seemed to dominate it nonetheless . 
 her arms sparkled with lavender bracelets that matched her dress , and she turned dismissive eyes toward vin as she approached . 
 those dark eyes , however , were keen . 
 vin felt exposed before them-stripped of her ﬁne dress , reduced to a dirty urchin once again . 
 `` excuse us , ladies , '' shan said . 
 the women immediately did as ordered , departing the table in a stately ﬂurry . 
 shan picked up a fork and began to meticulously dissect and devour a small piece of dessert cake . 
 vin stood uncertainly , the terrisman steward taking up a position behind shan 's chair . 
 `` you may sit , '' shan said . 
 i feel like a skaa again , vin thought , sitting . 
 noblemen treat each other this way too ? 
 `` you are in an enviable position , child , '' shan said . 
 `` how is that ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 `` address me as ` lady shan , ' '' shan said , her tone unchanged . 
 `` or , perhaps , ` your ladyship . ' '' 
 shan waited expectantly , taking petite bites of the cake . 
 finally , vin said , `` why is that , your ladyship ? '' 
 `` because young lord venture has decided to use you in his games . 
 that means you have the opportunity to be used by me as well . '' 
 vin frowned . 
 remember to stay in character . 
 you 're the easily intimidated valette . 
 `` would n't it be better to not be used at all , your ladyship ? '' 
 vin said carefully . 
 `` nonsense , '' shan replied . 
 `` even an uncultured simpleton like yourself must see the importance of being useful to your betters . '' 
 shan said the words , even the insult , without vehemence ; she simply seemed to take it for granted that vin would agree . 
 vin sat , dumbfounded . 
 none of the other nobility had treated her in such a manner . 
 of course , the only member of a great house she 'd met so far was elend . 
 `` i trust from your vapid look that you accept your place , '' shan said . 
 `` do well , child , and perhaps i will let you join my retinue . 
 you could learn much from the ladies here in luthadel . '' 
 `` such as ? '' 
 vin asked , trying to keep the snappishness out of her voice . 
 `` look at yourself sometime , child . 
 hair like you 've undergone some terrible disease , so scrawny that your dress hangs like a bag . 
 being a noblewoman in luthadel requires ... perfection . 
 not that . '' 
 she said the last word while waving her hand dismissively toward vin . 
 vin ﬂushed . 
 there was a strange power to this woman 's demeaning attitude . 
 with a start , vin realized that shan reminded her of some crewleaders she had known , camon the latest of them-men who would hit a person , fully expecting no resistance . 
 everyone knew that resisting such men only made the beating worse . 
 `` what do you want from me ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 shan raised an eyebrow as she set aside her fork , the cake only half-eaten . 
 the terrisman took the plate and walked off with it . 
 `` you really are a dull-minded thing , are n't you ? '' 
 shan asked . 
 vin paused . 
 `` what does her ladyship want from me ? '' 
 `` i 'll tell you eventually-assuming lord venture decides to keep playing with you . '' 
 vin caught just the barest ﬂash of hatred in her eyes when she said elend 's name . 
 `` for now , '' shan continued , `` tell me of your conversation with him this evening . '' 
 vin opened her mouth to respond . 
 but . . 
 something felt wrong . 
 she only caught the barest ﬂicker of it-she would n't have even noticed that much without breeze 's training . 
 a soother ? 
 interesting . 
 shan was trying to make vin complacent . 
 so that she would talk , perhaps ? 
 vin began to relate her conversation with elend , staying away from anything interesting . 
 however , something still felt odd to her-something about the way that shan was playing with her emotions . 
 from the corner of her eye , vin saw shan 's terrisman return from the kitchens . 
 however , he did n't walk back toward shan 's table-he headed in the other direction . 
 toward vin 's own table . 
 he paused beside it , and began to poke through elend 's books . 
 whatever he wants , i ca n't let him ﬁnd it . 
 vin stood suddenly , ﬁnally provoking an overt reaction in shan as the woman looked up with surprise . 
 `` i just remembered that i told my terrisman to ﬁnd me at my table ! '' 
 vin said . 
 `` he 'll be worried if i 'm not sitting there ! '' 
 `` oh , for the lord ruler 's sake , '' shan muttered under her breath . 
 `` child , there is no need - '' `` i 'm sorry , your ladyship , '' vin said . 
 `` i 've got to go . '' 
 it was a bit obvious , but it was the best she could manage . 
 vin curtsied and withdrew from shan 's table , leaving the displeased woman behind . 
 the terrisman was good-by the time vin was a few steps away from shan 's table , he had noticed vin and continued on his way , his motions impressively smooth . 
 vin arrived back at her table , wondering if she 'd made a blunder by leaving shan so rudely . 
 however , she was growing too tired to care . 
 as she noticed another group of young men eyeing her , she hurriedly sat , plopping open one of elend 's books . 
 fortunately , the ploy worked better this time . 
 the young men eventually trailed away , leaving vin in peace , and she sat back , relaxing slightly with the book open before her . 
 the evening was growing late , and the ballroom was slowly beginning to empty . 
 the books , she thought with a frown , picking up her cup of juice to take a sip . 
 what did the terrisman want with them ? 
 she scanned the table , trying to notice if anything had been disturbed , but elend had left the books in such a state of disarray that it was hard to tell . 
 however , a small book sitting beneath another tome caught her eye . 
 most of the other texts lay open to a speciﬁc page , and she had seen elend perusing them . 
 this particular book , however , was closed-and she could n't remember him ever opening it . 
 it had been there before-she recognized it because it was so much thinner than the others - so the terrisman had n't left it behind . 
 curious , vin reached over and slid the book out from underneath the larger book . 
 it had had a black leather cover , and the spine read weather patterns of the northern dominance . 
 vin frowned , turning the book over in her hands . 
 there was no title page , nor was an author listed . 
 it launched directly into text . 
 when regarding the final empire in its entirety , one certain fact is unmistakable . 
 for a nation ruled by a self-proclaimed divinity , the empire has experienced a frightening number of colossal leadership errors . 
 most of these have been successfully covered up , and can only be found in the metalminds of feruchemists or on the pages of banned texts . 
 however , one only need look to the near past to note such blunders as the massacre at devanex , the revision of the deepness doctrine , and the relocation of the renates peoples . 
 the lord ruler does not age . 
 that much , at least , is undeniable . 
 this text , however , purports to prove that he is by no means infallible . 
 during the days before the ascension , mankind suffered chaos and uncertainty caused by an endless cycle of kings , emperors , and other monarchs . 
 one would think that now , with a single , immortal governor , society would ﬁnally have an opportunity to ﬁnd stability and enlightenment . 
 it is the remarkable lack of either attribute in the final empire that is the lord ruler 's most grievous oversight . 
 vin stared at the page . 
 some of the words were beyond her skill , but she was able to grasp the author 's meaning . 
 he was saying ... she snapped the book closed and hurriedly put it back in its place . 
 what would happen if the obligators discovered that elend owned such a text ? 
 she glanced to the sides . 
 they were there , of course , mingling with the crowds like at the other ball , marked by their gray robes and tattooed faces . 
 many sat at tables with noblemen . 
 friends ? 
 or spies for the lord ruler ? 
 nobody seemed quite as comfortable when an obligator was nearby . 
 what is elend doing with a book like that ? 
 a powerful nobleman like himself ? 
 why would he read texts that malign the lord ruler ? 
 a hand fell on her shoulder , and vin spun reﬂexively , pewter and copper ﬂaring in her stomach . 
 `` whoa , '' elend said , stepping back and raising his hand . 
 `` has anyone ever told you how jumpy you are , valette ? '' 
 vin relaxed , sitting back in her chair and extinguishing her metals . 
 elend sauntered over to his place and sat down . 
 `` enjoying heberen ? '' 
 vin frowned , and elend nodded to the larger , thick book that still sat before her . 
 `` no , '' vin said . 
 `` it 's boring . 
 i was just pretending to read so that the men would leave me alone for a bit . '' 
 elend chuckled . 
 `` now , see , your cleverness is coming back to snap at you . '' 
 vin raised an eyebrow as elend began to gather up his books , stacking them on the table . 
 he did n't appear to notice that she 'd moved the `` weather '' book , but he did carefully slide it into the middle of the stack . 
 vin turned her eyes from the book . 
 i probably should n't tell him about shan-not until i talk to sazed . 
 `` i think my cleverness did its job well , '' she said instead . 
 `` after all , i came to the ball to dance . '' 
 `` i ﬁnd dancing overrated . '' 
 `` you ca n't remain aloof from the court forever , lord venture-you 're the heir of a very important house . '' 
 he sighed , stretching and leaning back in his chair . 
 `` i suppose you 're right , '' he said with surprising frankness . 
 `` but the longer i hold out , the more annoyed my father will become . 
 that , in itself , is a worthy goal . '' 
 `` he 's not the only one you hurt , '' vin said . 
 `` what of the girls that never get asked to dance because you 're too busy rummaging through your books ? '' 
 `` as i recall , '' elend said , setting the last book on the top of his pile , `` someone was just pretending to read in order to avoid dancing . 
 i do n't think the ladies have any trouble ﬁnding more amicable partners than myself . '' 
 vin raised an eyebrow . 
 `` i did n't have trouble because i 'm new and i 'm low-ranked . 
 i suspect that the ladies closer to your station have trouble ﬁnding partners , amicable or not . 
 as i understand it , noblemen are uncomfortable dancing with women above their station . '' 
 elend paused , obviously searching for a comeback . 
 vin leaned forward . 
 `` what is it , elend venture ? 
 why are you so intent on avoiding your duty ? '' 
 `` duty ? '' 
 elend asked , leaning toward her , his posture earnest . 
 `` valette , this is n't duty . 
 this ball ... this is ﬂuff and distraction . 
 a waste of time . '' 
 `` and women ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 `` are they a waste too ? '' 
 `` women ? '' 
 elend asked . 
 `` women are like . . 
 thunderstorms . 
 they 're beautiful to look at , and sometimes they 're nice to listen to-but most of the time they 're just plain inconvenient . '' 
 vin felt her jaw drop slightly . 
 then she noticed the twinkle in his eye , the smile at the edges of his lips , and she found herself smiling as well . 
 `` you say these things just to provoke me ! '' 
 his smile deepened . 
 `` i 'm charming that way . '' 
 he stood , looking at her fondly . 
 `` ah , valette . 
 do n't let them trick you into taking yourself too seriously . 
 it 's not worth the effort . 
 but , i must bid you a good evening . 
 try not to let months pass between balls you attend in the future . '' 
 vin smiled . 
 `` i 'll think about it . '' 
 `` please do , '' elend said , bending down and scooting the tall stack of books off the table and into his arms . 
 he teetered for a moment , then steadied himself and peeked to the side . 
 `` who knows-maybe one of these days you 'll actually get me to dance . '' 
 vin smiled , nodding as the nobleman turned and walked off , circling the perimeter of the ballroom 's second tier . 
 he was soon met by two other young men . 
 vin watched curiously as one of the men clapped elend on the shoulder in a friendly way , then took half of the books . 
 the three began to walk together , chatting . 
 vin did n't recognize the newcomers . 
 she sat thoughtfully as sazed ﬁnally appeared out of a side hallway , and vin eagerly waved him forward . 
 he approached with a hurried step . 
 `` who are those men with lord venture ? '' 
 vin asked , pointing toward elend . 
 sazed squinted behind his spectacles . 
 `` why ... one of them is lord jastes lekal . 
 the other is a hasting , though i do n't know his given name . '' 
 `` you sound surprised . '' 
 `` houses lekal and hasting are both political rivals of house venture , mistress . 
 noblemen often visit with each other in smaller , after-ball parties , making alliances ... '' the terrisman paused , turning back to her . 
 `` master kelsier will wish to hear of this , i think . 
 it is time we retire . '' 
 `` i agree , '' vin said , rising . 
 `` and so do my feet . 
 let 's go . '' 
 sazed nodded , and the two of them made their way to the front doors . 
 `` what took you so long ? '' 
 vin asked as they waited for an attendant to fetch her shawl . 
 `` i came back several times , mistress , '' sazed said . 
 `` but you were always dancing . 
 i decided i would be of far more use speaking with the servants than i would be standing beside your table . '' 
 vin nodded , accepting her shawl , then walked out the front steps and down the carpeted stairs , sazed just behind her . 
 her step was quick-she wanted to get back and tell kelsier the names she 'd memorized before she forgot the whole list . 
 she paused at the landing , waiting for a servant to fetch her carriage . 
 as she did , she noticed something odd . 
 a small disturbance was going on a short distance away in the mists . 
 she stepped forward , but sazed put a hand on her shoulder , holding her back . 
 a lady would n't wander off into the mists . 
 she reached to burn copper and tin , but waited-the disturbance was getting closer . 
 it resolved as a guard appeared from the mists , pulling a small , struggling form : a skaa boy in dirty clothing , face soot-stained . 
 the soldier gave vin a wide berth , nodding apologetically to her as he approached one of the guard captains . 
 vin burned tin to hear what was said . 
 `` kitchen boy , '' the soldier said quietly . 
 `` tried to beg from one of the noblemen inside a carriage when they stopped for the gates to open . '' 
 the captain simply nodded . 
 the soldier pulled his captive back out into the mists , walking toward the far courtyard . 
 the boy struggled , and the soldier grunted with annoyance , keeping a tight grip . 
 vin watched him go , sazed 's hand on her shoulder , as if to hold her back . 
 of course she could n't help the boy . 
 he should n't have - in the mists , beyond the eyesight of regular people , the soldier drew out a dagger and slit the boy 's throat . 
 vin jumped , shocked , as the sounds of the boy 's struggling tapered off . 
 the guard dropped the body , then grabbed it by a leg and began to drag it away . 
 vin stood , stunned , as her carriage pulled up . 
 `` mistress , '' sazed prompted , but she simply stood there . 
 they killed him , she thought . 
 right here , just a few paces away from where noblemen wait for their carriages . 
 as if . . 
 the death were nothing out of the ordinary . 
 just another skaa , slaughtered . 
 like an animal . 
 or less than an animal . 
 nobody would slaughter pigs in a keep courtyard . 
 the guard 's posture as he 'd performed the murder indicated that he 'd simply been too annoyed with the struggling boy to wait for a more appropriate location . 
 if any of the other nobility around vin had noticed the event , they paid it no heed , continuing their chatting as they waited . 
 actually , they seemed a little more chatty , now that the screams had stopped . 
 `` mistress , '' sazed said again , pushing her forward . 
 she allowed herself to be led into the carriage , her mind still distracted . 
 it seemed such an impossible contrast to her . 
 the pleasant nobility , dancing , just inside a room sparkling with light and dresses . 
 death in the courtyard . 
 did n't they care ? 
 did n't they know ? 
 this is the final empire , vin , she told herself as the carriage rolled away . 
 do n't forget the ash because you see a little silk . 
 if those people in there knew you were skaa , they 'd have you slaughtered just as easily as they did that poor boy . 
 it was a sobering thought-one that absorbed her during the entire trip back to fellise . 
 kwaan and i met by happenstance-though , i suppose , he would use the word `` providence . '' 
 i have met many other terris philosophers since that day . 
 they are , every one , men of great wisdom and ponderous sagaciousness . 
 men with an almost palpable importance . 
 not so kwaan . 
 in a way , he is as unlikely a prophet as i am a hero . 
 he never had an air of ceremonious wisdom-nor was he even a religious scholar . 
 when we ﬁrst met , he was studying one of his ridiculous interests in the great khlenni library-i believe he was trying to determine whether or not trees could think . 
 that he should be the one who ﬁnally discovered the great hero of terris prophecy is a matter that would cause me to laugh , had events turned out just a little differently . 
 19 kelsier could feel another allomancer pulsing in the mists . 
 the vibrations washed over him like rhythmic waves brushing up against a tranquil shore . 
 they were faint , but unmistakable . 
 he crouched atop a low garden wall , listening to the vibrations . 
 the curling white mist continued its normal , placid wafting-indifferent , save for the bit closest to his body , which curled in the normal allomantic current around his limbs . 
 kelsier squinted in the night , ﬂaring tin and seeking out the other allomancer . 
 he thought he saw a ﬁgure crouching atop a wall in the distance , but he could n't be certain . 
 he recognized the allomantic vibrations , however . 
 each metal , when burned , gave off a distinct signal , recognizable to one who was well practiced with bronze . 
 the man in the distance burned tin , as did the four others kelsier had sensed hiding around keep tekiel . 
 the ﬁve tineyes formed a perimeter , watching the night , searching for intruders . 
 kelsier smiled . 
 the great houses were growing nervous . 
 keeping ﬁve tineyes on watch would n't be that hard for a house like tekiel , but the noblemen allomancers would resent being forced into simple guard duty . 
 and if there were ﬁve tineyes on watch , chances were good that a number of thugs , coinshots , and lurchers were on call as well . 
 luthadel was quietly in a state of alert . 
 the great houses were growing so wary , in fact , that kelsier had trouble ﬁnding cracks in their defenses . 
 he was only one man , and even mistborn had limits . 
 his success so far had been achieved through surprise . 
 however , with ﬁve tineyes on watch , kelsier would n't be able to get very close to the keep without serious risk of being spotted . 
 fortunately , kelsier did n't need to test tekiel 's defenses this night . 
 instead , he crept along the wall toward the outer grounds . 
 he paused near the garden well , and-burning bronze to make certain no allomancers were near-reached into a stand of bushes to retrieve a large sack . 
 it was heavy enough that he had to burn pewter to pull it free and throw it over his shoulder . 
 he paused in the night for a moment , straining for sounds in the mist , then hauled the sack back toward the keep . 
 he stopped near a large , whitewashed garden veranda that sat beside a small reﬂecting pool . 
 then , he heaved the sack off his shoulder and dumped its contents-a freshly killed corpse-onto the ground . 
 the body-which had belonged to one lord charrs entrone-rolled to a stop with its face in the dirt , twin dagger wounds glistening in its back . 
 kelsier had ambushed the half-drunken man on a street just outside of a skaa slum , ridding the world of another nobleman . 
 lord entrone , in particular , would not be missed-he was infamous for his twisted sense of pleasure . 
 skaa bloodﬁghts , for instance , were a particular enjoyment of his . 
 that was where he had spent this evening . 
 entrone had , not coincidentally , been a major political ally of house tekiel . 
 kelsier left the corpse sitting in its own blood . 
 the gardeners would locate it ﬁrst-and once the servants knew about the death , no amount of noble obstinacy would keep it quiet . 
 the murder would cause an outcry , and immediate blame would probably be placed upon house izenry , house tekiel 's rival . 
 however , entrone 's suspiciously unexpected death might make house tekiel wary . 
 if they began poking around , they would ﬁnd that entrone 's gambling opponent at the night 's bloodﬁght had been crews geffenry - a man whose house had been petitioning the tekiels for a stronger alliance . 
 crews was a known mistborn , and a very competent knife-ﬁghter . 
 and so , the intrigue would begin . 
 had house izenry done the murder ? 
 or , perhaps , had the death been an attempt by house geffenry to push tekiel into a higher state of alarm - thereby encouraging them to seek allies among the lesser nobility ? 
 or , was there a third answer-a house that wanted to strengthen the rivalry between tekiel and izenry ? 
 kelsier hopped off the garden wall , scratching at the fake beard he wore . 
 it did n't really matter whom house tekiel decided to blame ; kelsier 's real purpose was to make them question and worry , to make them mistrust and misunderstand . 
 chaos was his strongest ally in fostering a house war . 
 when that war ﬁnally came , each noblemen killed would be one less person that the skaa would have to face in their rebellion . 
 as soon as kelsier got a short distance from keep tekiel , he ﬂipped a coin and went to the rooftops . 
 occasionally , he wondered what the people in the houses beneath him thought , hearing footsteps from above . 
 did they know that mistborn found their homes a convenient highway , a place where they could move without being bothered by guards or thieves ? 
 or , did the people attribute the knockings to the ever-blamable mistwraiths ? 
 they probably do n't even notice . 
 sane people are asleep when the mists come out . 
 he landed on a peaked roof , retrieved his pocket watch from a nook to check the time , then stowed it-and the dangerous metal from which it was made-away again . 
 many nobility blatantly wore metal , a foolish form of bravado . 
 the habit had been inherited directly from the lord ruler . 
 kelsier , however , did n't like carrying any metal-watch , ring , or bracelet-on him that he did n't have to . 
 he launched himself into the air again , making his way toward the sootwarrens , a skaa slum on the far northern side of town . 
 luthadel was an enormous , sprawling city ; every few decades or so , new sections were added , the city wall expanded through the sweat and effort of skaa labor . 
 with the advent of the modern canal era , stone was growing relatively cheap and easy to move . 
 i wonder why he even bothers with the wall , kelsier thought , moving along rooftops parallel to the massive structure . 
 who would attack ? 
 the lord ruler controls everything . 
 not even the western isles resist anymore . 
 there had n't been a true war in the final empire for centuries . 
 the occasional `` rebellion '' consisted of nothing more than a few thousand men hiding in hills or caves , coming out for periodic raids . 
 even yeden 's rebellion would n't rely much on force-they were counting on the chaos of a house war , mixed with the strategic misdirection of the luthadel garrison , to give them an opening . 
 if it came down to an extended campaign , kelsier would lose . 
 the lord ruler and the steel ministry could marshal literally millions of troops if the need arose . 
 of course , there was his other plan . 
 kelsier did n't speak of it , he barely even dared consider it . 
 he probably would n't even have an opportunity to implement it . 
 but , if the opportunity did arrive . . 
 he dropped to the ground just outside of the sootwarrens , then pulled his mistcloak tight and walked along the street with a conﬁdent step . 
 his contact sat in the doorway of a closed shop , pufﬁng quietly on a pipe . 
 kelsier raised an eyebrow ; tobacco was an expensive luxury . 
 hoid was either very wasteful , or he was just as successful as dockson implied . 
 hoid calmly put away the pipe , then climbed to his feet - though that did n't make him much taller . 
 the scrawny bald man bowed deeply in the misty night . 
 `` greetings , my lord . '' 
 kelsier paused in front of the man , arms tucked carefully inside his mistcloak . 
 it would n't do for a street informant to realize that the unidentiﬁed `` nobleman '' he was meeting with had the scars of hathsin on his arms . 
 `` you come highly recommended , '' kelsier said , mimicking the haughty accent of a nobleman . 
 `` i am one of the best , my lord . '' 
 anyone who can survive as long as you have must be good , kelsier thought . 
 lords did n't like the idea of other men knowing their secrets . 
 informants generally did n't live very long . 
 `` i need to know something , informant , '' kelsier said . 
 `` but ﬁrst you must vow never to speak of this meeting to anyone . '' 
 `` of course , my lord , '' hoid said . 
 he 'd likely break the promise before the night was out-another reason informants did n't tend to live very long . 
 `` there is , however , the matter of payment ... '' `` you 'll have your money , skaa , '' kelsier snapped . 
 `` of course , my lord , '' hoid said with a quick bob of the head . 
 `` you requested information regarding house renoux , i believe ... '' `` yes . 
 what is known about it ? 
 which houses is it aligned with ? 
 i must know these things . '' 
 `` there is n't really much to know , my lord , '' hoid said . 
 `` lord renoux is very new to the area , and he is a careful man . 
 he 's making neither allies nor enemies at the moment-he 's buying a large number of weapons and armor , but is probably just purchasing from a wide variety of houses and merchants , thereby ingratiating himself to them all . 
 a wise tactic . 
 he will , perhaps , have an excess of merchandise , but he will also have an excess of friends , yes ? '' 
 kelsier snorted . 
 `` i do n't see why i should pay you for that . '' 
 `` he 'll have too much merchandise , my lord , '' hoid said quickly . 
 `` you could make a clever proﬁt , knowing that renoux is shipping at a loss . '' 
 `` i 'm no merchant , skaa , '' kelsier said . 
 `` i do n't care about proﬁts and shipping ! '' 
 let him chew on that . 
 now he thinks i 'm of a great house-of course , if he had n't suspected that because of the mistcloak , then he does n't deserve his reputation . 
 `` of course , my lord , '' hoid said quickly . 
 `` there is more , of course ... '' ah , and here we see it . 
 does the street know that house renoux is connected to the rumblings of rebellion ? 
 if anyone had discovered that secret , then kelsier 's crew was in serious jeopardy . 
 hoid coughed quietly , holding out his hand . 
 `` insufferable man ! '' 
 kelsier snapped , tossing a pouch at hoid 's feet . 
 `` yes , my lord , '' hoid said , falling to his knees and searching about with his hand . 
 `` i apologize , my lord . 
 my eyesight is weak , you know . 
 i can barely see my own ﬁngers held in front of my face . '' 
 clever , kelsier thought as hoid found the pouch and tucked it away . 
 the comment about eyesight was , of course , a lie-no man would get far in the underground with such an impediment . 
 however , a nobleman who thought his informant to be half blind would be far less paranoid about being identiﬁed . 
 not that kelsier himself was worried-he wore one of dockson 's best disguises . 
 beside the beard , he had a fake , but realistic , nose , along with platforms in the shoes and makeup to lighten his skin . 
 `` you said there was more ? '' 
 kelsier said . 
 `` i swear , skaa , if it is n't good ... '' `` it is , '' hoid said quickly . 
 `` lord renoux is considering a union between his niece , the lady valette , and lord elend venture . '' 
 kelsier paused . 
 was n't expecting that ... `` that 's silly . 
 venture is far above renoux . '' 
 `` the two youths were seen speaking-at length-at the venture ball a month ago . '' 
 kelsier laughed derisively . 
 `` everyone knows about that . 
 it meant nothing . '' 
 `` did it ? '' 
 hoid asked . 
 `` does everyone know that lord elend venture spoke very highly of the girl to his friends , the group of nobleling philosophers that lounge at the broken quill ? '' 
 `` young men speak of girls , '' kelsier said . 
 `` it means nothing . 
 you will be returning those coins . '' 
 `` wait ! '' 
 hoid said , sounding apprehensive for the ﬁrst time . 
 `` there is more . 
 lord renoux and lord venture have had secret dealings . '' 
 what ? 
 `` it is true , '' hoid continued . 
 `` this is fresh news-i heard it barely an hour ago myself . 
 there is a connection between renoux and venture . 
 and , for some reason , lord renoux was able to demand that elend venture be assigned to watch over lady valette at balls . '' 
 he lowered his voice . 
 `` it is even whispered that lord renoux has some kind of ... leverage over house venture . '' 
 what happened at that ball tonight ? 
 kelsier thought . 
 out loud , however , he said , `` this all sounds very weak , skaa . 
 you have nothing more than idle speculations ? '' 
 `` not about house renoux , my lord , '' hoid said . 
 `` i tried , but your worry over this house is meaningless ! 
 you should pick a house more central to politics . 
 like , say , house elariel . . '' 
 kelsier frowned . 
 by mentioning elariel , hoid was implying that he had some important tidbit that would be worth kelsier 's payment . 
 it seemed that house renoux 's secrets were safe . 
 it was time to move the discussion along to other houses , so that hoid would n't get suspicious of kelsier 's interest in renoux . 
 `` very well , '' kelsier said . 
 `` but if this is n't worth my time ... '' `` it is , my lord . 
 lady shan elariel is a soother . '' 
 `` proof ? '' 
 `` i felt her touch on my emotions , my lord , '' hoid said . 
 `` during a ﬁre at keep elariel a week ago , she was there calming the emotions of the servants . '' 
 kelsier had started that ﬁre . 
 unfortunately , it had n't spread beyond the guardhouses . 
 `` what else ? '' 
 `` house elariel has recently given her leave to use her powers more at court functions , '' hoid said . 
 `` they fear a house war , and wish her to make whatever allegiances possible . 
 she always carries a thin envelope of shaved brass in her right glove . 
 get a seeker close to her at a ball , and you shall see . 
 my lord , i do not lie ! 
 my life as an informant depends solely upon my reputation . 
 shan elariel is a soother . '' 
 kelsier paused , as if musing . 
 the information was useless to him , but his true purpose-ﬁnding out about house renoux-had already been fulﬁlled . 
 hoid had earned his coins , whether he realized it or not . 
 kelsier smiled . 
 now to sow a little more chaos . 
 `` what of shan 's covert relationship with salmen tekiel ? '' 
 kelsier said , picking the name of a likely young nobleman . 
 `` do you think that she used her powers to gain his favor ? '' 
 `` oh , most certainly , my lord , '' hoid said quickly . 
 kelsier could see the glimmer of excitement in his eyes ; he assumed that kelsier had given him a luscious bit of political gossip free of charge . 
 `` perhaps she was the one who secured elariel the deal with house hasting last week , '' kelsier said musingly . 
 there had been no such deal . 
 `` most likely , my lord . '' 
 `` very well , skaa , '' kelsier said . 
 `` you have earned your coins . 
 perhaps i shall call upon you another time . '' 
 `` thank you , my lord , '' hoid said , bowing very low . 
 kelsier dropped a coin and launched himself into the air . 
 as he landed on a rooftop , he caught a glimpse of hoid scuttling over to pluck the coin off the ground . 
 hoid did n't have any trouble locating it , despite his `` weak eyesight . '' 
 kelsier smiled , then kept moving . 
 hoid had n't mentioned kelsier 's tardiness , but kelsier 's next appointment would not be so forgiving . 
 he made his way eastward , toward ahlstrom square . 
 he pulled off his mistcloak as he moved , then ripped off his vest , revealing the tattered shirt hidden beneath . 
 he dropped to an alleyway , discarding cloak and vest , then grabbed a double handful of ash from the corner . 
 he rubbed the crusty , dark ﬂakes on his arms , masking his scars , then ground them onto his face and false beard . 
 the man who stumbled out of the alleyway seconds later was very different from the nobleman who had met with hoid . 
 the beard , once neat , now jutted out in an unkempt frazzle . 
 a few , select bits had been removed , making it look patchy and sickly . 
 kelsier stumbled , pretending to have a lame leg , and called out to a shadowed ﬁgure standing near the square 's quiet fountain . 
 `` my lord ? '' 
 kelsier asked in a raspy voice . 
 `` my lord , is that you ? '' 
 lord straff venture , leader of house venture , was a domineering man , even for a nobleman . 
 kelsier could make out a pair of guards standing at his side ; the lord himself did n't seem the least bit bothered by the mists-it was openly known that he was a tineye . 
 venture stepped forward ﬁrmly , dueling cane tapping the ground beside him . 
 `` you are late , skaa ! '' 
 he snapped . 
 `` my lord , i. . . 
 i. . . 
 i was waiting in the alley , my lord , like we agreed ! '' 
 `` we agreed to no such thing ! '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , my lord , '' kelsier said again , bowing-then stumbling because of his `` lame '' leg . 
 `` i 'm sorry , i 'm sorry . 
 i was just in the alley . 
 i did n't mean to make you wait . '' 
 `` could n't you see us , man ? '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , my lord , '' kelsier said . 
 `` my eyesight ... it is n't very good , you know . 
 i can barely see my own hands in front of my face . '' 
 thanks for the tip , hoid . 
 venture snorted , handing his dueling cane to a guard , then slapped kelsier smartly across the face . 
 kelsier stumbled to the ground , holding his cheek . 
 `` i 'm sorry , my lord , '' he mumbled again . 
 `` next time you make me wait , it will be the cane , '' venture said curtly . 
 well , i know where to go next time i need a corpse to dump on someone 's lawn , kelsier thought , stumbling to his feet . 
 `` now , '' venture said . 
 `` let us get down to business . 
 what is this important news you promised to deliver ? '' 
 `` it 's about house erikell , my lord , '' kelsier said . 
 `` i know your lordship has had dealings with them in the past . '' 
 `` and ? '' 
 `` well , my lord , they are cheating you dearly . 
 they have been selling their swords and canes to house tekiel for half the price you 've been paying ! '' 
 `` proof ? '' 
 `` you need only look to tekiel 's new armaments , my lord , '' kelsier said . 
 `` my word is true . 
 i have nothing but my reputation ! 
 if i have not that , i have not my life . '' 
 and he was n't lying . 
 or , at least , not completely . 
 it would be useless of kelsier to spread information that venture could corroborate or dismiss with ease . 
 some of what he said was true-tekiel was giving a slight advantage to erikell . 
 kelsier was overstating it , of course . 
 if he played the game well , he could start a rift between erikell and venture , while at the same time making venture jealous of tekiel . 
 and , if venture came to renoux for weapons instead of erikell ... well , that would just be a side beneﬁt . 
 straff venture snorted . 
 his house was powerful - incredibly powerful-and relied on no speciﬁc industry or enterprise to fuel its wealth . 
 that was a very difﬁcult position to achieve in the final empire , considering the lord ruler 's taxes and atium costs . 
 it also made venture a powerful tool to kelsier . 
 if he could give this man the right mixture of truth and ﬁction ... `` this is of little use to me , '' venture said suddenly . 
 `` let 's see how much you really know , informant . 
 tell me about the survivor of hathsin . '' 
 kelsier froze . 
 `` excuse me , my lord ? '' 
 `` you want to get paid ? '' 
 venture asked . 
 `` well , tell me about the survivor . 
 rumors say he 's returned to luthadel . '' 
 `` rumors only , my lord , '' kelsier said quickly . 
 `` i have never met this survivor , but i doubt he is in luthadel-if , indeed , he even lives . '' 
 `` i 've heard that he 's gathering a skaa rebellion . '' 
 `` there are always fools whispering rebellion to the skaa , my lord , '' kelsier said . 
 `` and there are always those who try to use the name of the survivor , but i do not believe that any man could have lived through the pits . 
 i could seek more information on this , if you wish , but i worry you will be disappointed in what i ﬁnd . 
 the survivor is dead-the lord ruler . . 
 he does not allow such oversights . '' 
 `` true , '' venture said contemplatively . 
 `` but the skaa seem convinced about this rumor of an ` eleventh metal . ' 
 have you heard of it , informant ? '' 
 `` ah , yes , '' kelsier said , covering his shock . 
 `` a legend , my lord . '' 
 `` one i 've never heard of , '' venture said . 
 `` and i pay very close attention to such things . 
 this is no ` legend . ' 
 someone very clever is manipulating the skaa . '' 
 `` an ... interesting conclusion , my lord , '' kelsier said . 
 `` indeed , '' venture said . 
 `` and , assuming the survivor did die in the pits , and if someone had gotten ahold of his corpse ... his bones ... there are ways to imitate a man 's appearance . 
 you know of what i speak ? '' 
 `` yes , my lord , '' kelsier said . 
 `` watch for this , '' venture said . 
 `` i do n't care about your gossip-bring me something about this man , or whatever he is , that leads the skaa . 
 then you 'll get some coin of me . '' 
 venture spun in the darkness , waving to his men and leaving a thoughtful kelsier behind . 
 kelsier arrived at mansion renoux a short time later ; the spikeway between fellise and luthadel made for quick travel between the cities . 
 he had n't placed the spikes himself ; he did n't know who had . 
 he often wondered what he would do if , while traveling the spikeway , he met another mistborn traveling in the opposite direction . 
 we 'd probably just ignore each other , kelsier thought as he landed in mansion renoux 's courtyard . 
 we 're pretty good at doing that . 
 he peered through the mists at the lantern-lit mansion , his recovered mistcloak ﬂapping slightly in the calm wind . 
 the empty carriage indicated that vin and sazed had returned from house elariel . 
 kelsier found them inside , waiting in the sitting room and speaking quietly with lord renoux . 
 `` that 's a new look for you , '' vin noted as kelsier walked into the room . 
 she still wore her dress-a beautiful red gown-though she sat in an unladylike position , legs tucked beneath her . 
 kelsier smiled to himself . 
 a few weeks ago she would have changed out of that gown as soon as she got back . 
 we 'll turn her into a lady yet . 
 he found a seat , picking at the fake , soot-stained beard . 
 `` you mean this ? 
 i hear beards are going to make a return soon . 
 i 'm just trying to stay on the edge of fashionability . '' 
 vin snorted . 
 `` the edge of beggar fashion , maybe . '' 
 `` how did the evening go , kelsier ? '' 
 lord renoux asked . 
 kelsier shrugged . 
 `` like most others . 
 fortunately , it appears that house renoux remains free of suspicion-though i myself am something of a concern to some of the nobility . '' 
 `` you ? '' 
 renoux asked . 
 kelsier nodded as a servant brought him a warm , damp cloth to clean his face and arms-though kelsier was n't certain if the servants were worried about his comfort or the ash he might get on the furniture . 
 he wiped off his arms , exposing the pale white scratch scars , then began to pick off the beard . 
 `` it seems that the general skaa have gotten wind of the eleventh metal , '' he continued . 
 `` some of the nobility have heard the building rumors , and the more intelligent ones are growing worried . '' 
 `` how does this affect us ? '' 
 renoux asked . 
 kelsier shrugged . 
 `` we 'll spread opposite rumors to make the nobility focus more on each other and less on me . 
 though , amusingly , lord venture encouraged me to search out information about myself . 
 a man could get very confused from this kind of playacting-i do n't know how you do it , renoux . '' 
 `` it is who i am , '' the kandra said simply . 
 kelsier shrugged again , turning to vin and sazed . 
 `` so , how did your evening go ? '' 
 `` frustratingly , '' vin said with a surly tone . 
 `` mistress vin is a tad annoyed , '' sazed said . 
 `` on the way back from luthadel , she told me the secrets she 'd gathered while dancing . '' 
 kelsier chuckled . 
 `` not much of interest ? '' 
 `` sazed already knew it all ! '' 
 vin snapped . 
 `` i spent hours twirling and twittering for those men , and it was all worthless ! '' 
 `` hardly worthless , vin , '' kelsier said , pulling off the last bit of false beard . 
 `` you made some contacts , you were seen , and you practiced your twittering . 
 as for information-well , nobody 's going to tell you anything important yet . 
 give it some time . '' 
 `` how much time ? '' 
 `` now that you 're feeling better , we can have you start attending the balls regularly . 
 after a few months , you should have gathered enough contacts to begin ﬁnding the kind of information we need . '' 
 vin nodded , sighing . 
 she did n't seem quite as opposed to the idea of regularly attending balls as she once had , however . 
 sazed cleared his throat . 
 `` master kelsier , i feel that i must mention something . 
 our table was attended by lord elend venture for most of the evening , though mistress vin did ﬁnd a way to make his attentions less threatening to the court . '' 
 `` yes , '' kelsier said , `` so i understand . 
 what did you tell those people , vin ? 
 that renoux and venture are friends ? '' 
 vin paled slightly . 
 `` how do you know ? '' 
 `` i 'm mysteriously powerful , '' kelsier said with a wave of his hand . 
 `` anyway , everyone thinks that house renoux and house venture have had secret business dealings . 
 they probably assume that venture has been stockpiling weapons . '' 
 vin frowned . 
 `` i did n't mean it to go that far ... '' kelsier nodded , rubbing the glue from his chin . 
 `` that 's the way court is , vin . 
 things can get out of hand quickly . 
 however , this is n't much of a problem-though it does mean that you 're going to have to be very careful when dealing with house venture , lord renoux . 
 we 'll want to see what kind of reaction they have to vin 's comments . '' 
 lord renoux nodded . 
 `` agreed . '' 
 kelsier yawned . 
 `` now , if there is n't anything else , playing both nobleman and beggar in one evening has made me dreadfully tired ... '' `` there is one other thing , master kelsier , '' sazed said . 
 `` at the end of the evening , mistress vin saw lord elend venture leaving the ball with young lords of houses lekal and hasting . '' 
 kelsier paused , frowning . 
 `` that 's an odd combination . '' 
 `` so i thought , '' sazed said . 
 `` he 's probably just trying to annoy his father , '' kelsier said musingly . 
 `` fraternizing with the enemy in public ... '' `` perhaps , '' sazed said . 
 `` but the three did seem to be good friends . '' 
 kelsier nodded , standing . 
 `` investigate this further , saze . 
 there 's a chance that lord venture and his son are playing us all for fools . '' 
 `` yes , master kelsier , '' sazed said . 
 kelsier left the room , stretching and handing his mistcloak to a servant . 
 as he walked up the eastern stairway , he heard quick footsteps . 
 he turned to ﬁnd vin scooting up behind him , shimmering red dress held up as she climbed the steps . 
 `` kelsier , '' she said quietly . 
 `` there was something else . 
 something i 'd like to talk about . '' 
 kelsier raised an eyebrow . 
 something she does n't even want sazed to hear ? 
 `` my room , '' he said , and she followed him up the stairs and into the chamber . 
 `` what is this about ? '' 
 he asked as she shut the door behind her . 
 `` lord elend , '' vin said , looking down , seeming a bit embarrassed . 
 `` sazed already does n't like him , so i did n't want to mention this in front of the others . 
 but , i found something strange tonight . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 kelsier asked curiously , leaning back against his bureau . 
 `` elend had a stack of books with him , '' vin said . 
 first name , kelsier thought with disapproval . 
 she is falling for the boy . 
 `` he 's known to read a lot , '' vin continued , `` but some of these books ... well , when he was gone , i picked through them . '' 
 good girl . 
 the streets gave you at least a few good instincts . 
 `` one of them drew my attention , '' she said . 
 `` the title said something about the weather , but the words inside spoke about the final empire and its ﬂaws . '' 
 kelsier raised an eyebrow . 
 `` what exactly did it say ? '' 
 vin shrugged . 
 `` something about how since the lord ruler is immortal , his empire should be more advanced and peaceful . '' 
 kelsier smiled . 
 `` book of the false dawn-any keeper can quote the entire thing to you . 
 i did n't think there were any physical copies left . 
 its author-deluse couvre-went on to write some books that were even more damning . 
 though he did n't blaspheme against allomancy , the obligators made an exception in his case and strung him up on a hook anyway . '' 
 `` well , '' vin said , `` elend has a copy . 
 i think one of the other noblewomen was trying to ﬁnd the book . 
 i saw one of her servants riﬂing through them . '' 
 `` which noblewoman ? '' 
 `` shan elariel . '' 
 kelsier nodded . 
 `` former ﬁancee . 
 she 's probably searching for something to blackmail the venture boy with . '' 
 `` i think she 's an allomancer , kelsier . '' 
 kelsier nodded distractedly , thinking about the information . 
 `` she 's a soother . 
 she probably had the right idea with those books-if the venture heir is reading a book like false dawn , not to mention foolish enough to carry it around with him ... '' `` is it that dangerous ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 kelsier shrugged . 
 `` moderately . 
 it 's an older book , and it did n't actually encourage rebellion , so it might slide . '' 
 vin frowned . 
 `` the book sounded pretty critical of the lord ruler . 
 he allows the nobility to read things like that ? '' 
 `` he does n't really ` allow ' them to do such things , '' kelsier said . 
 `` more , he sometimes ignores it when they do . 
 banning books is tricky business , vin-the more stink the ministry makes about a text , the more attention it will draw , and the more people will be tempted to read it . 
 false dawn is a stuffy volume , and by not forbidding it , the ministry doomed it to obscurity . '' 
 vin nodded slowly . 
 `` besides , '' kelsier said , `` the lord ruler is far more lenient with the nobility than he is with skaa . 
 he sees them as the children of his long-dead friends and allies , the men who supposedly helped him defeat the deepness . 
 he occasionally lets them get away with things like reading edgy texts or assassinating family members . '' 
 `` so ... the book is nothing to worry about ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 kelsier shrugged . 
 `` i would n't say that either . 
 if young elend has false dawn , he might also have other books that are explicitly forbidden . 
 if obligators had proof of that , they 'd hand young elend over to the inquisitors-nobleman or not . 
 the question is , how do we make certain that happens ? 
 if the venture heir were to be executed , it would certainly add to luthadel 's political turmoil . '' 
 vin paled visibly . 
 yes , kelsier thought with an internal sigh . 
 she 's deﬁnitely falling for him . 
 i should have foreseen this . 
 sending a young , pretty girl into noble society ? 
 one vulture or another was bound to latch on to her . 
 `` i did n't tell you this so we could get him killed , kelsier ! '' 
 she said . 
 `` i thought , maybe ... well , he 's reading forbidden books , and he seems like a good man . 
 maybe we can use him as an ally or something . '' 
 oh , child , kelsier thought . 
 i hope he does n't hurt you too much when he discards you . 
 you should know better than this . 
 `` do n't count on it , '' he said out loud . 
 `` lord elend might be reading a forbidden book , but that does n't make him our friend . 
 there have always been noblemen like him-young philosophers and dreamers who think that their ideas are new . 
 they like to drink with their friends and grumble about the lord ruler ; but , in their hearts , they 're still noblemen . 
 they 'll never overthrow the establishment . '' 
 `` but - '' `` no , vin , '' kelsier said . 
 `` you have to trust me . 
 elend venture does n't care about us or the skaa . 
 he 's a gentleman anarchist because it 's fashionable and exciting . '' 
 `` he talked to me about the skaa , '' vin said . 
 `` he wanted to know if they were intelligent , and if they acted like real people . '' 
 `` and was his interest compassionate or intellectual ? '' 
 she paused . 
 `` see , '' kelsier said . 
 `` vin , that man is not our ally-in fact , i distinctly recall telling you to stay away from him . 
 when you spend time with elend venture , you put the operation-and your fellow crewmembers-in jeopardy . 
 understand ? '' 
 vin looked down , nodding . 
 kelsier sighed . 
 why do i suspect that staying away from him is the last thing she intends to do ? 
 bloody hell-i do n't have time to deal with this right now . 
 `` go get some sleep , '' kelsier said . 
 `` we can talk more about this later . '' 
 it is n't a shadow . 
 this dark thing that follows me , the thing that only i can see - it is n't really a shadow . 
 it 's blackish and translucent , but it does n't have a shadowlike solid outline . 
 it 's insubstantial-wispy and formless . 
 like it 's made out of a dark fog . 
 or mist , perhaps . 
 20 vin was growing very tired of the scenery between luthadel and fellise . 
 she 'd made the same trip at least a dozen times during the last few weeks-watching the same brown hills , scraggly trees , and rug of weedy underbrush . 
 she was beginning to feel as if she could individually identify each and every bump in the road . 
 she attended numerous balls-but they were only the beginning . 
 luncheons , sitting parties , and other forms of daily entertainment were just as popular . 
 often , vin traveled between the cities two or even three times a day . 
 apparently , young noblewomen did n't have anything better to do than sit in carriages for six hours a day . 
 vin sighed . 
 in the near distance , a group of skaa trudged along the towpath beside a canal , pulling a barge toward luthadel . 
 her life could be much worse . 
 still , she felt frustration . 
 it was still midday , but there were n't any important events happening until the evening , so she had nowhere to go but back to fellise . 
 she kept thinking about how much faster she could make the trip if she used the spikeway . 
 she longed to leap through the mists again , but kelsier had been reluctant to continue her training . 
 he allowed her out for a short time each night to maintain her skills , but she was n't allowed any extreme , exciting leaps . 
 just some basic moves-mostly pushing and pulling small objects while standing on the ground . 
 she was beginning to grow frustrated with her continued weakness . 
 it had been over three months since her encounter with the inquisitor ; the worst of winter had passed without even a ﬂake of snow . 
 how long was it going to take her to recover ? 
 at least i can still go to balls , she thought . 
 despite her annoyance at the constant traveling , vin was coming to enjoy her duties . 
 pretending to be a noblewoman was actually far less tense than regular thieving work . 
 true , her life would be forfeit if her secret were ever discovered , but for now the nobility seemed willing to accept her-to dance with her , dine with her , and chat with her . 
 it was a good life-a bit unexciting , but her eventual return to allomancy would ﬁx that . 
 that left her with two frustrations . 
 the ﬁrst was her inability to gather useful information ; she was getting increasingly annoyed at having her questions avoided . 
 she was growing experienced enough to tell that there was a great deal of intrigue going on , yet she was still too new to be allowed a part in it . 
 still , while her outsider status was annoying , kelsier was conﬁdent that it would eventually change . 
 vin 's second major annoyance was n't so easily dealt with . 
 lord elend venture had been notably absent from several balls during the last few weeks , and he had yet to repeat his act of spending the entire evening with her . 
 while she rarely had to sit alone anymore , she was quickly coming to realize that none of the other noblemen had the same ... depth as elend . 
 none of them had his droll wit , or his honest , earnest eyes . 
 the others did n't feel real . 
 not like he did . 
 he did n't seem to be avoiding her . 
 however , he also did n't seem to be making much of an effort to spend time with her . 
 did i misread him ? 
 she wondered as the carriage reached fellise . 
 elend was so hard to understand sometimes . 
 unfortunately , his apparent indecision had n't changed his former ﬁancee 's temperament . 
 vin was beginning to realize why kelsier had warned her to avoid catching the attention of anyone too important . 
 she did n't run into shan elariel often , thankfully-but when they did meet , shan took every occasion to deride , insult , and demean vin . 
 she did it with a calm , aristocratic manner , even her bearing reminding vin just how inferior she was . 
 perhaps i 'm just becoming too attached to my valette persona , vin thought . 
 valette was just a front ; she was supposed to be all the things shan said . 
 however , the insults still stung . 
 vin shook her head , putting both shan and elend out of her mind . 
 ash had fallen during her trip to the city , and though it was done now , its aftermath was visible in small drifts and ﬂurries of black blowing across the town 's streets . 
 skaa workers moved about , sweeping the soot into bins and carrying it out of the city . 
 they occasionally had to hurry to get out of the way of a passing noble carriage , none of which bothered to slow for the workers . 
 poor things , vin thought , passing a group of ragged children who were shaking aspen trees to get the ash out so that it could be swept up-it would n't do for a passing nobleman to get an unexpected dump of tree-borne ash on his head . 
 the children shook , two to a tree , bringing furious black showers down on their heads . 
 careful , cane-wielding taskmasters walked up and down the street , making certain the work continued . 
 elend and the others , she thought . 
 they must not understand how bad life is for the skaa . 
 they live in their pretty keeps , dancing , never really understanding the extent of the lord ruler 's oppression . 
 she could see beauty in the nobility-she was n't like kelsier , hating them outright . 
 some of them seemed quite kind , in their own way , and she was beginning to think some of the stories skaa told about their cruelty must be exaggerated . 
 and yet , when she saw events like that poor boy 's execution or the skaa children , she had to wonder . 
 how could the nobility not see ? 
 how could they not understand ? 
 she sighed , looking away from the skaa as the carriage ﬁnally rolled up to mansion renoux . 
 she immediately noticed a large gathering in the inner courtyard , and she grabbed a fresh vial of metals , worrying that the lord ruler had sent soldiers to arrest lord renoux . 
 however , she quickly realized that the crowd was n't made up of soldiers , but of skaa in simple worker 's clothing . 
 the carriage rolled through the gates , and vin 's confusion deepened . 
 boxes and sacks lay in heaps among the skaa - many of them dusted with soot from the recent ashfall . 
 the workers themselves bustled with activity , loading a series of carts . 
 vin 's carriage pulled to a stop in front of the mansion , and she did n't wait for sazed to open the door . 
 she hopped out on her own , holding up her dress and stalking over to kelsier and renoux , who stood surveying the operation . 
 `` you 're running goods to the caves out of here ? '' 
 vin asked under her breath as she reached the two men . 
 `` curtsey to me , child , '' lord renoux said . 
 `` maintain appearances while we can be seen . '' 
 vin did as ordered , containing her annoyance . 
 `` of course we are , vin , '' kelsier said . 
 `` renoux has to do something with all of the weapons and supplies he 's been gathering . 
 people would start getting suspicious if they did n't see him sending them away . '' 
 renoux nodded . 
 `` ostensibly , we 're sending this all via canal barges to my plantation in the west . 
 however , the barges will stop to drop off supplies-and many of the canalmen-at the rebellion caverns . 
 the barges and a few men will continue on to keep up appearances . '' 
 `` our soldiers do n't even know that renoux is in on the plan , '' kelsier said , smiling . 
 `` they think he 's a nobleman that i 'm scamming . 
 besides , this will be a great opportunity for us to go and inspect the army . 
 after a week or so at the caves , we can return to luthadel on one of renoux 's barges coming east . '' 
 vin paused . '' 
 ` we ' ? '' 
 she asked , suddenly imagining weeks spent on the barge , watching the same , dull scenery day , after day , after day as they traveled . 
 that would be even worse than traveling back and forth between luthadel and fellise . 
 kelsier raised an eyebrow . 
 `` you sound worried . 
 apparently , someone 's coming to enjoy her balls and parties . '' 
 vin ﬂushed . 
 `` i just thought that i should be here . 
 i mean , after all the time i missed by being sick , i - '' kelsier held up his hand , chuckling . 
 `` you 're staying ; yeden and i are the ones going . 
 i need to inspect the troops , and yeden is going to take a turn watching over the army so that ham can come back to luthadel . 
 we 'll also take my brother with us , then drop him at his insertion point with the ministry acolytes up in vennias . 
 it 's a good thing you 're back-i want you to spend a little time with him before we leave . '' 
 vin frowned . 
 `` with marsh ? '' 
 kelsier nodded . 
 `` he 's a misting seeker . 
 bronze is one of the less useful metals , especially for a full mistborn , but marsh claims he can show you a few tricks . 
 this will probably be your last chance to train with him . '' 
 vin glanced toward the gathering caravan . 
 `` where is he ? '' 
 kelsier frowned . 
 `` he 's late . '' 
 runs in the family , i guess . 
 `` he should be here soon , child , '' lord renoux said . 
 `` perhaps you 'd like to go take some refreshment inside ? '' 
 i 've had plenty of refreshment lately , she thought , controlling her annoyance . 
 instead of going into the mansion , she wandered across the courtyard , studying the goods and workers , who were packing the supplies onto carts for transport to the local canal docks . 
 the grounds were kept well maintained , and though the ash had n't been cleaned up yet , the low-cut grass meant that she did n't have to hold her dress up much to keep it from dragging . 
 beyond that , ash was surprisingly easy to get out of clothing . 
 with proper washing , and some expensive soaps , even a white garment could be rendered clean of ash . 
 that was why the nobility could always have new-looking clothing . 
 it was such an easy , simple thing to divide the skaa and the aristocracy . 
 kelsier 's right , vin thought . 
 i am coming to enjoy being a noblewoman . 
 and she was concerned about the changes her new lifestyle was encouraging inside of her . 
 once , her problems had been things like starvation and beatings-now they were things like extended carriage rides and companions who arrived late for appointments . 
 what did a transformation like that do to a person ? 
 she sighed to herself , walking amidst the supplies . 
 some of the boxes would be ﬁlled with weapons-swords , war staves , bows-but the bulk of the material was sacked foodstuffs . 
 kelsier said that forming an army required far more grain than it did steel . 
 she trailed her ﬁngers along one stack of boxes , careful not to brush the ash that was on top of them . 
 she 'd known that they 'd be sending out a barge this day , but she had n't expected kelsier to go with it . 
 of course , he probably had n't made the decision to go until a short time before-even the new , more responsible kelsier was an impulsive man . 
 perhaps that was a good attribute in a leader . 
 he was n't afraid to incorporate new ideas , no matter when they occurred to him . 
 maybe i should ask to go with him , vin thought idly . 
 i 've been playing the noblewoman far too much lately . 
 the other day , she 'd caught herself sitting straight-backed in her carriage with a prim posture , despite the fact that she was alone . 
 she feared that she was losing her instincts-being valette was almost more natural to her now than being vin was . 
 but of course she could n't leave . 
 she had a lunch appointment with lady flavine to attend , not to mention the hasting ball-it was going to be the social event of the month . 
 if valette was absent , it would take weeks to repair the damage . 
 besides , there was always elend . 
 he 'd probably forget about her if she disappeared again . 
 he 's already forgotten you , she told herself . 
 he 's barely spoken to you during the last three parties . 
 keep your head on , vin . 
 this is all just another scam-a game , like the ones you pulled before . 
 you 're building your reputation to gain information , not so that you can ﬂirt and play . 
 she nodded to herself , resolute . 
 to her side , a few skaa men loaded one of the carts . 
 vin paused , standing beside a large stack of boxes and watching the men work . 
 according to dockson , the army 's recruitment was picking up . 
 we 're gaining momentum , vin thought . 
 i guess word is spreading . 
 that was good-assuming it did n't spread too far . 
 she watched the packmen for a moment , sensing something ... odd . 
 they seemed unfocused . 
 after a few moments , she was able to determine the source of their distraction . 
 they kept shooting looks at kelsier , whispering as they worked . 
 vin inched closer-keeping to the side of the boxes-and burned tin . '' . . 
 no , that 's him for certain , '' one of the men whispered . 
 `` i saw the scars . '' 
 `` he 's tall , '' another said . 
 `` of course he is . 
 what did you expect ? '' 
 `` he spoke at the meeting where i was recruited , '' another said . 
 `` the survivor of hathsin . '' 
 there was awe in his tone . 
 the men moved on , walking over to gather more boxes . 
 vin cocked her head , then began to move among the workers , listening . 
 not all of them were discussing kelsier , but a surprising number were . 
 she also heard a number of references to the `` eleventh metal . '' 
 so that 's why , vin thought . 
 the rebellion 's momentum is n't gathering-kelsier 's is . 
 the men spoke of him in quiet , almost reverent , tones . 
 for some reason , that made vin uncomfortable . 
 she would never have been able to stand hearing similar things said about her . 
 yet , kelsier took them in stride ; his charismatic ego probably just fueled the rumors even more . 
 i wonder if he 'll be able to let it go when this is all through . 
 the other crewmembers obviously had no interest in leadership , but kelsier seemed to thrive on it . 
 would he really let the skaa rebellion take over ? 
 would any man be able to relinquish that kind of power ? 
 vin frowned . 
 kelsier was a good man ; he 'd probably make a good ruler . 
 however , if he did try to take control , it would smell of betrayal-a reneging on the promises that he had made to yeden . 
 she did n't want to see that from kelsier . 
 `` valette , '' kelsier called . 
 vin jumped slightly , feeling a bit guilty . 
 kelsier pointed toward a carriage that was pulling onto the mansion grounds . 
 marsh had arrived . 
 she walked back as the carriage pulled up , and she reached kelsier about the same time that marsh did . 
 kelsier smiled , nodding toward vin . 
 `` we wo n't be ready to leave for a while yet , '' he said to marsh . 
 `` if you have time , could you show the kid a few things ? '' 
 marsh turned toward her . 
 he shared kelsier 's lanky build and blond hair , but he was n't as handsome . 
 maybe it was the lack of a smile . 
 he pointed up , toward the mansion 's fore-balcony . 
 `` wait for me up there . '' 
 vin opened her mouth to reply , but something about marsh 's expression made her shut it again . 
 he reminded her of the old times , several months ago , when she had not questioned her superiors . 
 she turned , leaving the three , and made her way into the mansion . 
 it was a short trip up the stairs to the fore-balcony . 
 when she arrived , she pulled over a chair and seated herself beside the whitewashed wooden railing . 
 the balcony had , of course , already been scrubbed clean of ash . 
 below , marsh was still speaking with kelsier and renoux . 
 beyond them , beyond even the sprawling caravan , vin could see the barren hills outside of the city , lit by red sunlight . 
 only a few months playing noblewoman , and i already ﬁnd anything that is n't cultivated to be inferior . 
 she 'd never thought of the landscape as `` barren '' during the years she 'd traveled with reen . 
 and kelsier says the entire land used to be even more fertile than a nobleman 's garden . 
 did he think to reclaim such things ? 
 keepers could , perhaps , memorize languages and religions , but they could n't create seeds for plants that had long been extinct . 
 they could n't make the ash stop falling or the mists go away . 
 would the world really change that much if the final empire were gone ? 
 besides , did n't the lord ruler have some right to his place ? 
 he 'd defeated the deepness , or so he claimed . 
 he 'd saved the world , which-in a twisted sort of way-made it his . 
 what right did they have to try and take it from him ? 
 she wondered about such things often , though she did n't express her worries to the others . 
 they all seemed committed to kelsier 's plan ; some even seemed to share his vision . 
 but vin was more hesitant . 
 she had learned , as reen had taught , to be skeptical of optimism . 
 and if there were ever a plan to be hesitant about , this was the one . 
 however , she was getting past the point where she questioned herself . 
 she knew the reason she stayed in the crew . 
 it was n't the plan ; it was the people . 
 she liked kelsier . 
 she liked dockson , breeze , and ham . 
 she even liked the strange little spook and his crotchety uncle . 
 this was a crew unlike any other she 'd worked with . 
 is that a good enough reason to let them get you killed ? 
 reen 's voice asked . 
 vin paused . 
 she had been hearing his whispers in her mind less frequently lately , but they were still there . 
 reen 's teachings , drilled into her over sixteen years of life , could not be idly discarded . 
 marsh arrived on the balcony a few moments later . 
 he glanced at her with those hard eyes of his , then spoke . 
 `` kelsier apparently expects me to spend the evening training you in allomancy . 
 let us get started . '' 
 vin nodded . 
 marsh eyed her , obviously expecting more of a response . 
 vin sat quietly . 
 you 're not the only one who can be terse , friend . 
 `` very well , '' marsh said , sitting beside her , resting one arm on the balcony railing . 
 his voice sounded a little less annoyed when he continued . 
 `` kelsier says that you have spent very little time training with the internal mental abilities . 
 correct ? '' 
 vin nodded again . 
 `` i suspect that many full mistborn neglect these powers , '' marsh said . 
 `` and that is a mistake . 
 bronze and copper may not be as ﬂashy as other metals , but they can be very powerful in the hands of someone properly trained . 
 the inquisitors work through their manipulation of bronze , and the misting underground survives because of its reliance upon copper . 
 `` of the two powers , bronze is by far the more subtle . 
 i can teach you how to use it properly-if you practice what i show you , then you will have an advantage that many mistborn dismiss . '' 
 `` but , do n't other mistborn know to burn copper ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 `` what is the use of learning bronze if everyone you ﬁght is immune to its powers ? '' 
 `` i see that you already think like one of them , '' marsh said . 
 `` not everyone is mistborn , girl-in fact , very , very few people are . 
 and , despite what your kind likes to think , normal mistings can kill people too . 
 knowing that the man attacking you is a thug rather than a coinshot could very easily save your life . '' 
 `` all right , '' vin said . 
 `` bronze will also help you identify mistborn , '' marsh said . 
 `` if you see someone using allomancy when there is no smoker nearby , and yet do n't sense them giving off allomantic pulses , then you know that they are mistborn-either that , or they 're an inquisitor . 
 in either case , you should run . '' 
 vin nodded silently , the wound in her side throbbing slightly . 
 `` there are great advantages to burning bronze , rather than just running around with your copper on . 
 true , you smoke yourself by using copper-but in a way you also blind yourself . 
 copper makes you immune to having your emotions pushed or pulled . '' 
 `` but that 's a good thing . '' 
 marsh cocked his head slightly . 
 `` oh ? 
 and what would be the greater advantage ? 
 being immune to-but ignorant of - some soother 's attentions ? 
 or instead knowing-from your bronze-exactly which emotions he is trying to suppress ? '' 
 vin paused . 
 `` you can see something that speciﬁc ? '' 
 marsh nodded . 
 `` with care and practice , you can recognize very minute changes in your opponents ' allomantic burnings . 
 you can identify precisely which parts of a person 's emotions a soother or rioter intends to inﬂuence . 
 you 'll also be able to tell when someone is ﬂaring their metal . 
 if you grow very skilled , you might even be able to tell when they 're running low on metals . '' 
 vin paused in thought . 
 `` you begin to see the advantage , '' marsh said . 
 `` good . 
 now burn bronze . '' 
 vin did so . 
 immediately , she felt two rhythmic thumpings in the air . 
 the soundless pulses washed over her , like the beating of drums or the washings of ocean waves . 
 they were mixed and muddled . 
 `` what do you sense ? '' 
 marsh asked . 
 `` i. . . 
 think there are two different metals being burned . 
 one 's coming from kelsier down below ; the other is coming from you . '' 
 `` good , '' marsh said appreciatively . 
 `` you 've practiced . '' 
 `` not much , '' vin admitted . 
 he cocked an eyebrow . 
 `` not much ? 
 you can already determine pulse origins . 
 that takes practice . '' 
 vin shrugged . 
 `` it seems natural to me . '' 
 marsh was still for a moment . 
 `` very well , '' he eventually said . 
 `` are the two pulses different ? '' 
 vin concentrated , frowning . 
 `` close your eyes , '' marsh said . 
 `` remove other distractions . 
 focus only on the allomantic pulses . '' 
 vin did so . 
 it was n't like hearing-not really . 
 she had to concentrate to distinguish anything speciﬁc about the pulses . 
 one felt ... like it was beating against her . 
 the other , in a strange sensation , felt like it was actually pulling her toward it with each beat . 
 `` one 's a pulling metal , is n't it ? '' 
 vin asked , opening her eyes . 
 `` that one 's kelsier . 
 you 're pushing . '' 
 `` very good , '' marsh said . 
 `` he is burning iron , as i asked him to so that you could practice . 
 i-of course-am burning bronze . '' 
 `` do they all do that ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 `` feel distinct , i mean ? '' 
 marsh nodded . 
 `` you can tell a pulling metal from a pushing metal by the allomantic signature . 
 actually , that 's how some of the metals were originally divided into their categories . 
 it is n't intuitive , for instance , that tin pulls while pewter pushes . 
 i did n't tell you to open your eyes . '' 
 vin shut them . 
 `` focus on the pulses , '' marsh said . 
 `` try and distinguish their lengths . 
 can you tell the difference between them ? '' 
 vin frowned . 
 she focused as hard as she could , but her sense of the metals seemed ... muddled . 
 fuzzy . 
 after a few minutes , the lengths of the separate pulses still seemed the same to her . 
 `` i ca n't sense anything , '' she said , dejected . 
 `` good , '' marsh said ﬂatly . 
 `` it took me six months of practice to distinguish pulse lengths-if you 'd done it on the ﬁrst try , i 'd have felt incompetent . '' 
 vin opened her eyes . 
 `` why ask me to do it , then ? '' 
 `` because you need to practice . 
 if you can tell pulling metals from pushing metals already ... well , you apparently have talent . 
 perhaps as much talent as kelsier has been bragging about . '' 
 `` what was i supposed to see , then ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 `` eventually , you 'll be able to sense two different pulse lengths . 
 internal metals , like bronze and copper , give off longer pulses than external metals , like iron and steel . 
 practice will also let you sense the three patterns within the pulses : one for the physical metals , one for the mental metals , and one for the two greater metals . 
 `` pulse length , metal group , and push-pull variance-once you know these three things , you will be able to tell exactly which metals your opponent is burning . 
 a long pulse that beats against you and has a quick pattern will be pewter-the internal pushing physical metal . '' 
 `` why the names ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 `` external and internal ? '' 
 `` metals come in groups of four-or , at least , the lower eight do . 
 two external metals , two internal metals-one each that pushes , one each that pulls . 
 with iron , you pull on something outside of yourself , with steel you push on something outside of yourself . 
 with tin you pull on something inside of yourself , with pewter you push on something inside of yourself . '' 
 `` but , bronze and copper , '' vin said . 
 `` kelsier called them internal metals , but it seems like they affect external things . 
 copper keeps people from sensing when you use allomancy . '' 
 marsh shook his head . 
 `` copper does n't change your opponents , it changes something within yourself that has an effect on your opponents . 
 that 's why it is an internal metal . 
 brass , however , alters another person 's emotions directly-and is an external metal . '' 
 vin nodded thoughtfully . 
 then she turned , glancing toward kelsier . 
 `` you know a lot about all the metals , but you 're just a misting , right ? '' 
 marsh nodded . 
 he did n't look like he intended to respond , though . 
 let 's try something , then , vin thought , extinguishing her bronze . 
 she lightly began burning copper to mask her allomancy . 
 marsh did n't react , instead continuing to look down at kelsier and the caravan . 
 i should be invisible to his senses , she thought , carefully burning both zinc and brass . 
 she reached , just as breeze had been training her to do , and subtly touched marsh 's emotions . 
 she suppressed his suspicions and inhibitions , while at the same time bringing out his sense of wistfulness . 
 theoretically , that would make him more likely to talk . 
 `` you must have learned somewhere ? '' 
 vin asked carefully . 
 he 'll see what i did for sure . 
 he 's going to get angry and - `` i snapped when i was very young , '' marsh said . 
 `` i 've had a long time to practice . '' 
 `` so have a lot of people , '' vin said . 
 `` i. . . 
 had reasons . 
 they 're hard to explain . '' 
 `` they always are , '' vin said , slightly increasing her allomantic pressure . 
 `` you know how kelsier feels about the nobility ? '' 
 marsh asked , turning toward her , his eyes like ice . 
 ironeyes , she thought . 
 like they said . 
 she nodded to his question . 
 `` well , i feel the same way about the obligators , '' he said , turning away . 
 `` i 'll do anything to hurt them . 
 they took our mother-that 's when i snapped , and that 's when i vowed to destroy them . 
 so , i joined the rebellion and started learning all i could about allomancy . 
 inquisitors use it , so i had to understand it-understand everything i could , be as good as i could , and are you soothing me ? '' 
 vin started , abruptly extinguishing her metals . 
 marsh turned back toward her again , his expression cold . 
 run ! 
 vin thought . 
 she almost did . 
 it was nice to know that the old instincts were still there , if buried just a bit . 
 `` yes , '' she said meekly . 
 `` you are good , '' marsh said . 
 `` i 'd have never known if i had n't started rambling . 
 stop it . '' 
 `` i already have . '' 
 `` good , '' marsh said . 
 `` that 's the second time you 've altered my emotions . 
 never do it again . '' 
 vin nodded . 
 `` second time ? '' 
 `` the ﬁrst was in my shop , eight months ago . '' 
 that 's right . 
 why do n't i remember him ? 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 marsh shook his head , ﬁnally turning away . 
 `` you 're mistborn-that 's what you do . 
 he does the same thing . '' 
 he was looking down at kelsier . 
 they sat quietly for a few moments . 
 `` marsh ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 `` how did you know i was mistborn ? 
 i only knew how to soothe back then . '' 
 marsh shook his head . 
 `` you knew the other metals instinctively . 
 you were burning pewter and tin that day-just a tiny bit , barely noticeable . 
 you probably got the metals from water and dining utensils . 
 did you ever wonder why you survived when so many others died ? '' 
 vin paused . 
 i did live through a lot of beatings . 
 a lot of days with no food , nights spent in alleys during rain or ashfalls ... marsh nodded . 
 `` very few people , even mistborn , are so attuned to allomancy that they burn metals instinctively . 
 that 's what interested me in you-that 's why i kept track of you and told dockson where to ﬁnd you . 
 and , are you pushing my emotions again ? '' 
 vin shook her head . 
 `` i promise . '' 
 marsh frowned , studying her with one of his stony gazes . 
 `` so stern , '' vin said quietly . 
 `` like my brother . '' 
 `` were you close ? '' 
 `` i hated him , '' vin whispered . 
 marsh paused , then turned away . 
 `` i see . '' 
 `` do you hate kelsier ? '' 
 marsh shook his head . 
 `` no , i do n't hate him . 
 he 's frivolous and self-important , but he 's my brother . '' 
 `` and that 's enough ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 marsh nodded . 
 `` i. . . 
 have trouble understanding that , '' vin said honestly , looking out over the ﬁeld of skaa , boxes , and sacks . 
 `` your brother did n't treat you well , i presume ? '' 
 vin shook her head . 
 `` what about your parents ? '' 
 marsh said . 
 `` one was a nobleman . 
 the other ? '' 
 `` mad , '' vin said . 
 `` she heard voices . 
 it got so bad that my brother was afraid to leave us alone with her . 
 but , of course , he did n't have a choice ... '' marsh sat quietly , not speaking . 
 how did this get turned back to me ? 
 vin thought . 
 he 's no soother , yet he 's getting as much out of me as i 'm getting out of him . 
 still , it was good to speak it ﬁnally . 
 she reached up , idly ﬁngering her earring . 
 `` i do n't remember it , '' she said , `` but reen said that he came home one day and found my mother covered in blood . 
 she 'd killed my baby sister . 
 messily . 
 me , however , she had n't touched-except to give me an earring . 
 reen said ... he said she was holding me on her lap , babbling and proclaiming me a queen , my sister 's corpse at our feet . 
 he took me from my mother , and she ﬂed . 
 he saved my life , probably . 
 that 's part of why i stayed with him , i guess . 
 even when it was bad . '' 
 she shook her head , glancing at marsh . 
 `` still , you do n't know how lucky you are , having kelsier as a brother . '' 
 `` i suppose , '' marsh said . 
 `` i just . . 
 wish he would n't treat people like playthings . 
 i 've been known to kill obligators , but murdering men just because they 're noble ... '' marsh shook his head . 
 `` it 's not just that , either . 
 he likes people to fawn over him . '' 
 he had a point . 
 however , vin also detected something in his voice . 
 jealousy ? 
 you 're the older brother , marsh . 
 you were the responsible one-you joined the rebellion instead of working with thieves . 
 it must have hurt that kelsier was the one everybody liked . 
 `` still , '' marsh said , `` he 's getting better . 
 the pits changed him . 
 her . . 
 death changed him . '' 
 what 's this ? 
 vin thought , perking up slightly . 
 there was deﬁnitely something here , too . 
 hurt . 
 deep hurt , more than a man should feel for a sister-in-law . 
 so that 's it . 
 it was n't just `` everyone '' who liked kelsier more , it was one person in particular . 
 someone you loved . 
 `` anyway , '' marsh said , his voice growing more ﬁrm . 
 `` the arrogance of the past is behind him . 
 this plan of his is insane , and i 'm sure he 's partially doing it just so he can enrich himself , but ... well , he did n't have to go to the rebellion . 
 he 's trying to do something good-though it will probably get him killed . '' 
 `` why go along if you 're so sure he 'll fail ? '' 
 `` because he 's going to get me into the ministry , '' marsh said . 
 `` the information i gather there will help the rebellion for centuries after kelsier and i are dead . '' 
 vin nodded , glancing down at the courtyard . 
 she spoke hesitantly . 
 `` marsh , i do n't think it 's all behind him . 
 the way he 's setting himself up with the skaa ... the way they 're starting to look at him ... '' `` i know , '' marsh said . 
 `` it started with that ` eleventh metal ' scheme of his . 
 i do n't know that we have to worry - this is just kell playing his usual games . '' 
 `` it makes me wonder why he 's leaving on this trip , '' vin said . 
 `` he 'll be away from the action for a good month . '' 
 marsh shook his head . 
 `` he 'll have an entire army full of men to perform for . 
 besides , he needs to get out of the city . 
 his reputation is growing too unwieldy , and the nobility is becoming too interested in the survivor . 
 if rumors got out that a man with scars on his arms is staying with lord renoux ... '' vin nodded , understanding . 
 `` right now , '' marsh said , `` he 's playing the part of one of renoux 's distant relatives . 
 that man has to leave before someone connects him to the survivor . 
 when kell gets back , he 'll have to keep a low proﬁle-sneaking into the mansion instead of walking up the steps , keeping his hood up when he 's in luthadel . '' 
 marsh trailed off , then stood . 
 `` anyway , i 've given you the basics . 
 now you just need to practice . 
 whenever you 're with mistings , have them burn for you and focus on their allomantic pulses . 
 if we meet again , i 'll show you more , but there 's nothing else i can do until you 've practiced . '' 
 vin nodded , and marsh walked out the door without any other farewell . 
 a few moments later , she saw him approach kelsier and renoux again . 
 they really do n't hate each other , vin thought , resting with both arms crossed atop the railing . 
 what would that be like ? 
 after some thought , she decided that the concept of loving siblings was a little like the allomantic pulse lengths she was supposed to be looking for-they were just too unfamiliar for her to understand at the moment . 
 `` the hero of ages shall be not a man , but a force . 
 no nation may claim him , no woman shall keep him , and no king may slay him . 
 he shall belong to none , not even himself . '' 
 21 kelsier sat quietly , reading as his boat moved slowly along the canal to the north . 
 sometimes , i worry that i 'm not the hero everyone thinks i am , the text said . 
 what proof do we have ? 
 the words of men long dead , only now deemed divinatory ? 
 even if we accept the prophecies , only tenuous interpretation links them to me . 
 is my defense of the summer hill really the `` burden by which the hero shall be dubbed '' ? 
 my several marriages could give me a `` bloodless bond to the world 's kings , '' if you look at it the right way . 
 there are dozens of similar phrases that could refer to events in my life . 
 but , then again , they could all just be coincidences . 
 the philosophers assure me that this is the time , that the signs have been met . 
 but i still wonder if they have the wrong man . 
 so many people depend on me . 
 they say i will hold the future of the entire world on my arms . 
 what would they think if they knew that their champion-the hero of ages , their savior-doubted himself ? 
 perhaps they would n't be shocked at all . 
 in a way , this is what worries me most . 
 maybe , in their hearts , they wonder-just like i do . 
 when they see me , do they see a liar ? 
 rashek seems to think so . 
 i know that i should n't let a simple packman perturb me . 
 however , he is from terris , where the prophecies originated . 
 if anyone could spot a fraud , would it not be he ? 
 nevertheless , i continue my trek , going where the scribbled auguries proclaim that i will meet my destiny-walking , feeling rashek 's eyes on my back . 
 jealous . 
 mocking . 
 hating . 
 in the end , i worry that my arrogance shall destroy us all . 
 kelsier lowered the booklet , his cabin shaking slightly from the efforts of the pullers outside . 
 he was glad that sazed had provided him with a copy of the translated portions of the lord ruler 's logbook before the caravan boats ' departure . 
 there was blessed little else to do during the trip . 
 fortunately , the logbook was fascinating . 
 fascinating , and eerie . 
 it was disturbing to read words that had originally been written by the lord ruler himself . 
 to kelsier the lord ruler was less a man , and more a. . . 
 creature . 
 an evil force that needed to be destroyed . 
 yet , the person presented in the logbook seemed all too mortal . 
 he questioned and pondered-he seemed a man of depth , and even of character . 
 though , it would be best not to trust his narrative too closely , kelsier thought , running his ﬁngers across the page . 
 men rarely see their own actions as unjustiﬁed . 
 still , the lord ruler 's story reminded kelsier of the legends he had heard-stories whispered by skaa , discussed by noblemen , and memorized by keepers . 
 they claimed that once , before the ascension , the lord ruler had been the greatest of men . 
 a beloved leader , a man entrusted with the fate of all mankind . 
 unfortunately , kelsier knew how the story ended . 
 the final empire itself was the logbook 's legacy . 
 the lord ruler had n't saved mankind ; he had enslaved it instead . 
 reading a ﬁrsthand account , seeing the lord ruler 's self-doubt and internal struggles , only made the story that much more tragic . 
 kelsier raised the booklet to continue ; however , his boat began to slow . 
 he glanced out the window of his cabin , looking up the canal . 
 dozens of men trudged along the towpath - a small road alongside the canal-pulling the four barges and two narrowboats that made up their convoy . 
 it was an efﬁcient , if labor-intensive , way to travel ; men pulling a barge across a canal could move hundreds more pounds of weight than they could if forced to carry packs . 
 the men had pulled to a stop , however . 
 ahead , kelsier could make out a lock mechanism , beyond which the canal split into two sections . 
 a kind of crossroads of waterways . 
 finally , kelsier thought . 
 his weeks of travel were over . 
 kelsier did n't wait for a messenger . 
 he simply stepped out onto the deck of his narrowboat and slipped a few coins from his pouch into his hand . 
 time to be a bit ostentatious , he thought , dropping a coin to the wood . 
 he burned steel and pushed himself into the air . 
 he lurched upward at an angle , quickly gaining a height where he could see the entire line of men-half pulling the boats , half walking and waiting for their shifts . 
 kelsier ﬂew in an arc , dropping another coin as he passed over one of the supply-laden barges , then pushing against it when he began to descend . 
 would-be soldiers looked up , pointing in awe as kelsier soared above the canal . 
 kelsier burned pewter , strengthening his body as he thumped to the deck of the narrowboat leading the caravan . 
 yeden stepped out of his cabin , surprised . 
 `` lord kelsier ! 
 we 've , uh , arrived at the crossroads . '' 
 `` i can see that , '' kelsier said , glancing back along the line of boats . 
 the men on the towpath spoke excitedly , pointing . 
 it felt strange to use allomancy so obviously in the daylight , and before so many people . 
 there 's no help for it , he thought . 
 this visit is the last chance the men will have to see me for months . 
 i need to make an impression , give them something they can hold on to , if this is all going to work ... `` shall we go see if the group from the caves has arrived to meet us ? '' 
 kelsier asked , turning back to yeden . 
 `` of course , '' yeden said , waving for a servant to pull his narrowboat up to the side of the canal and throw out the plank . 
 yeden looked excited ; he really was an earnest man , and that much kelsier could respect , even if he was a bit lacking in presence . 
 most of my life , i 've had the opposite problem , kelsier thought with amusement , walking with yeden off of the boat . 
 too much presence , not enough earnestness . 
 the two of them walked up the line of canal workers . 
 near the front of the men , one of ham 's thugs-playing the part of kelsier 's guard captain-saluted . 
 `` we 've reached the crossroads , lord kelsier . '' 
 `` i can see that , '' kelsier repeated . 
 a dense stand of birch trees grew ahead , running up a slope into the hills . 
 the canals ran away from the woods-there were better sources of wood in other parts of the final empire . 
 the forest stood alone and ignored by most . 
 kelsier burned tin , wincing slightly at the suddenly blinding sunlight . 
 his eyes adjusted , however , and he was able to pick out detail-and a slight bit of motion-in the forest . 
 `` there , '' he said , ﬂipping a coin into the air , then pushing it . 
 the coin zipped forward and thocked against a tree . 
 the prearranged sign given , a small group of camouﬂaged men left the tree line , crossing the ash-stained earth toward the canal . 
 `` lord kelsier , '' the foremost man said , saluting . 
 `` my name is captain demoux . 
 please , gather the recruits and come with me-general hammond is eager to meet with you . '' 
 `` captain '' demoux was a young man to be so disciplined . 
 barely into his twenties , he led his small squad of men with a level of solemnity that might have seemed self-important had he been any less competent . 
 younger men than he have led soldiers into battle , kelsier thought . 
 just because i was a fop when i was that age does n't mean that everyone is . 
 look at poor vin-only sixteen , already a match for marsh in seriousness . 
 they took a roundabout passage through the forest-by ham 's order , each troop took a different path to avoid wearing a trail . 
 kelsier glanced back at the two hundred or so men behind , frowning slightly . 
 their trail would probably still be visible , but there was little he could do about that-the movements of so many men would be nearly impossible to mask . 
 demoux slowed , waving , and several members of his squad scrambled forward ; they did n't have half their leader 's sense of military decorum . 
 still , kelsier was impressed . 
 the last time he 'd visited , the men had been typically ragtag and uncoordinated , like most skaa outcasts . 
 ham and his ofﬁcers had done their work well . 
 the soldiers pulled away some false underbrush , revealing a crack in the ground . 
 it was dark within , the sides jutting with crystalline granite . 
 it was n't a regular hillside cavern , but instead a simple rend in the ground leading directly down . 
 kelsier stood quietly , looking down at the black , stone-laced rift . 
 he shivered slightly . 
 `` kelsier ? '' 
 yeden asked , frowning . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 `` it reminds me of the pits . 
 they looked like this-cracks in the ground . '' 
 yeden paled slightly . 
 `` oh . 
 i , uh ... '' kelsier waved dismissively . 
 `` i knew this was coming . 
 i climbed down inside those caves every day for a year , and i always came back out . 
 i beat them . 
 they have no power over me . '' 
 to prove his words , he stepped forward and climbed down into the thin crack . 
 it was just wide enough for a large man to slip through . 
 as kelsier descended , he saw the soldiers-both demoux 's squad and the new recruits-watching quietly . 
 he had intentionally spoken loud enough for them to hear . 
 let them see my weakness , and let them see me overcome it . 
 they were brave thoughts . 
 however , once he passed beneath the surface , it was as if he were back again . 
 smashed between two walls of stone , questing downward with shaking ﬁngers . 
 cold , damp , dark . 
 slaves had to be the ones who recovered the atium . 
 allomancers might have been more effective , but using allomancy near atium crystals shattered them . 
 so , the lord ruler used condemned men . 
 forcing them into the pits . 
 forcing them to crawl downward , ever downward ... kelsier forced himself onward . 
 this was n't hathsin . 
 the crack would n't go down for hours , and there would be no crystal-lined holes to reach through with torn , bleeding arms-stretching , seeking the atium geode hidden within . 
 one geode ; that bought one more week of life . 
 life beneath the taskmasters ' lashes . 
 life beneath the rule of a sadistic god . 
 life beneath the sun gone red . 
 i will change things for the others , kelsier thought . 
 i will make it better ! 
 the climb was difﬁcult for him , more difﬁcult than he ever would have admitted . 
 fortunately , the crack soon opened up to a larger cavern beneath , and kelsier caught a glimpse of light from below . 
 he let himself drop the rest of the way , landing on the uneven stone ﬂoor , and smiled at the man who stood waiting . 
 `` hell of an entryway you 've got there , ham , '' kelsier said , dusting off his hands . 
 ham smiled . 
 `` you should see the bathroom . '' 
 kelsier laughed , moving to make way for the others . 
 several natural tunnels led off of the chamber , and a small rope ladder hung from the bottom of the rift to facilitate going back up . 
 yeden and demoux soon climbed down the ladder into the cavern , their clothing scraped and dirtied from the descent . 
 it was n't an easy entrance to get through . 
 that , however , was the idea . 
 `` it 's good to see you , kell , '' ham said . 
 it was odd to see him in clothing that was n't missing the sleeves . 
 in fact , his militaristic outﬁt looked rather formal , with square-cut lines and buttons down the front . 
 `` how many have you brought me ? '' 
 `` just over two hundred and forty . '' 
 ham raised his eyebrows . 
 `` recruitment has picked up , then ? '' 
 `` finally , '' kelsier said with a nod . 
 soldiers began to drop into the cavern , and several of ham 's aides moved forward , helping the newcomers and directing them down a side tunnel . 
 yeden moved over to join kelsier and ham . 
 `` this cavern is amazing , lord kelsier ! 
 i 've never actually been to the caves myself . 
 no wonder the lord ruler has n't found the men down here ! '' 
 `` the complex is completely secure , '' ham said proudly . 
 `` there are only three entrances , all of them cracks like this one . 
 with proper supplies , we could hold this place indeﬁnitely against an invading force . '' 
 `` plus , '' kelsier said , `` this is n't the only cave complex beneath these hills . 
 even if the lord ruler were determined to destroy us , his army could spend weeks searching and still not ﬁnd us . '' 
 `` amazing , '' yeden said . 
 he turned , eyeing kelsier . 
 `` i was wrong about you , lord kelsier . 
 this operation ... this army ... well , you 've done something impressive here . '' 
 kelsier smiled . 
 `` actually , you were right about me . 
 you believed in me when this started-we 're only here because of you . '' 
 `` i. . . 
 guess i did , did n't i ? '' 
 yeden said , smiling . 
 `` either way , '' kelsier said , `` i appreciate the vote of conﬁdence . 
 it 's probably going to take some time to get all these men down the crack-would you mind directing things here ? 
 i 'd like to talk to hammond for a bit . '' 
 `` of course , lord kelsier . '' 
 there was respect-even a growing bit of adulation-in his voice . 
 kelsier nodded to the side . 
 ham frowned slightly , picking up a lantern , then followed kelsier from the ﬁrst chamber . 
 they entered a side tunnel , and once they were out of earshot , ham paused , glancing backward . 
 kelsier stopped , raising an eyebrow . 
 ham nodded back toward the entry chamber . 
 `` yeden certainly has changed . '' 
 `` i have that effect on people . '' 
 `` must be your awe-inspiring humility , '' ham said . 
 `` i 'm serious , kell . 
 how do you do it ? 
 that man practically hated you ; now he looks at you like a kid idolizing his big brother . '' 
 kelsier shrugged . 
 `` yeden 's never been part of an effective team before-i think he 's started to realize that we might actually have a chance . 
 in little over half a year , we 've gathered a rebellion larger than he 's ever seen . 
 those kind of results can convert even the stubborn . '' 
 ham did n't look convinced . 
 finally , he just shrugged , beginning to walk again . 
 `` what was it you wanted to talk about ? '' 
 `` actually , i 'd like to visit the other two entrances , if we could , '' kelsier said . 
 ham nodded , pointing to a side tunnel and leading the way . 
 the tunnel , like most of the others , had n't been hollowed by human hands ; it was a natural growth of the cave complex . 
 there were hundreds of similar cave systems in the central dominance , though most were n't as extensive . 
 and only one-the pits of hathsin-grew atium geodes . 
 `` anyway , yeden 's right , '' ham said , twisting his way through a narrow place in the tunnel . 
 `` you picked a great place to hide these people . '' 
 kelsier nodded . 
 `` various rebel groups have been using the cavern complexes in these hills for centuries . 
 they 're frighteningly close to luthadel , but the lord ruler has never led a successful raid against anyone here . 
 he just ignores the place now-one too many failures , probably . '' 
 `` i do n't doubt it , '' ham said . 
 `` with all the nooks and bottlenecks down here , this would be a nasty place to have a battle . '' 
 he stepped out of the passageway , entering another small cavern . 
 this one also had a rift in the ceiling , and faint sunlight trickled down . 
 a squad of ten soldiers stood guard in the room , and they snapped to attention as soon as ham entered . 
 kelsier nodded approvingly . 
 `` ten men at all times ? '' 
 `` at each of the three entrances , '' ham said . 
 `` good , '' kelsier said . 
 he walked forward , inspecting the soldiers . 
 he wore his sleeves up , his scars showing , and he could see the men eyeing them . 
 he did n't really know what to inspect , but he tried to look discriminating . 
 he examined their weapons-staves for eight of the men , swords for two - and dusted off a few shoulders , though none of the men wore uniforms . 
 finally , he turned to a soldier who bore an insignia on his shoulder . 
 `` who do you let out of the caverns , soldier ? '' 
 `` only men bearing a letter sealed by general hammond himself , sir ! '' 
 `` no exceptions ? '' 
 kelsier asked . 
 `` no , sir ! '' 
 `` and if i wanted to leave right now ? '' 
 the man paused . 
 `` uh ... '' `` you 'd stop me ! '' 
 kelsier said . 
 `` no one is exempt , soldier . 
 not me , not your bunkmate , not an ofﬁcer-no one . 
 if they do n't have that seal , they do n't leave ! '' 
 `` yes , sir ! '' 
 the soldier said . 
 `` good man , '' kelsier said . 
 `` if all of your soldiers are this ﬁne , general , then the lord ruler has good reason to be afraid . '' 
 the soldiers puffed up slightly at the words . 
 `` carry on , men , '' kelsier said , waving for ham to follow as he left the room . 
 `` that was kind of you , '' ham said softly . 
 `` they 've been anticipating your visit for weeks . '' 
 kelsier shrugged . 
 `` i just wanted to see that they were guarding the crack properly . 
 now that you have more men , i want you to post guards at any tunnels leading to these exit caverns . '' 
 ham nodded . 
 `` seems a bit extreme , though . '' 
 `` humor me , '' kelsier said . 
 `` a single runaway or malcontent could betray us all to the lord ruler . 
 it 's nice that you feel that you could defend this place , but if there 's an army camped outside trapping you in , this army will effectively become useless to us . '' 
 `` all right , '' ham said . 
 `` you want to see the third entrance ? '' 
 `` please , '' kelsier said . 
 ham nodded , leading him down another tunnel . 
 `` oh , one other thing , '' kelsier said after a bit of walking . 
 `` get together groups of a hundred men-all ones you trust - to go tromp around up in the forest . 
 if someone comes looking for us , we wo n't be able to hide the fact that lots of people have passed through the area . 
 however , we might be able to muddle the tracks so much that the trails all lead nowhere . '' 
 `` good idea . '' 
 `` i 'm full of 'em , '' kelsier said as they stepped into another cave chamber , this one far larger than the previous two . 
 it was n't an entrance rift , but instead a practice room . 
 groups of men stood with swords or staves , sparring beneath the eye of uniformed instructors . 
 uniforms for the ofﬁcers had been dockson 's idea . 
 they could n't afford to outﬁt all the men-it would be too expensive , and obtaining that many uniforms would look suspicious . 
 however , maybe seeing their leaders in uniform would help give the men a sense of cohesion . 
 ham paused at the edge of the room rather than continuing onward . 
 he eyed the soldiers , speaking softly . 
 `` we need to talk about this sometime , kell . 
 the men are starting to feel like soldiers , but ... well , they 're skaa . 
 they 've spent their lives working in mills or ﬁelds . 
 i do n't know how well they 'll do when we actually get them onto a battleﬁeld . '' 
 `` if we do everything right , they wo n't have to do much fighting , '' kelsier said . 
 `` the pits are only guarded by a couple hundred soldiers-the lord ruler ca n't have too many men there , lest he hint at the location 's importance . 
 our thousand men can take the pits with ease , then retreat as soon as the garrison arrives . 
 the other nine thousand might have to face a few great house guard squads and the palace soldiers , but our men should have the upper hand in numbers . '' 
 ham nodded , though his eyes still seemed uncertain . 
 `` what ? '' 
 kelsier asked , leaning against the smooth , crystalline mouth of the cavern juncture . 
 `` and when we 're done with them , kell ? '' 
 ham asked . 
 `` once we have our atium , we give the city-and the army - over to yeden . 
 then what ? '' 
 `` that 's up to yeden , '' kelsier said . 
 `` they 'll be slaughtered , '' ham said very softly . 
 `` ten thousand men ca n't hold luthadel against the entire final empire . '' 
 `` i intend to give them a better chance than you think , ham , '' kelsier said . 
 `` if we can turn the nobility against each other and destabilize the government ... '' `` maybe , '' ham said , still not convinced . 
 `` you agreed to the plan , ham , '' kelsier said . 
 `` this was what we were intending all along . 
 raise an army , deliver it to yeden . '' 
 `` i know , '' ham said , sighing and leaning back against the cavern wall . 
 `` i guess ... well , it 's different , now that i 've been leading them . 
 maybe i 'm just not meant to be in charge like this . 
 i 'm a bodyguard , not a general . '' 
 i know how you feel , my friend , kelsier thought . 
 i 'm a thief , not a prophet . 
 sometimes , we just have to be what the job requires . 
 kelsier laid a hand on ham 's shoulder . 
 `` you did a ﬁne job here . '' 
 ham paused . '' 
 ` did ' ﬁne ? '' 
 `` i brought yeden to replace you . 
 dox and i decided it would be better to rotate him in as the army 's commander - that way , the troops get used to him as their leader . 
 besides , we need you back in luthadel . 
 someone has to visit the garrison and gather intelligence , and you 're the only one with any military contacts . '' 
 `` so , i 'm going back with you ? '' 
 ham asked . 
 kelsier nodded . 
 ham looked crestfallen for just a moment , then he relaxed , smiling . 
 `` i 'll ﬁnally be able get out of this uniform ! 
 but , do you think yeden can handle it ? '' 
 `` you said yourself , he 's changed a lot during the last few months . 
 and , he really is an excellent administrator-he 's done a ﬁne job with the rebellion since my brother left . '' 
 `` i suppose ... '' kelsier shook his head ruefully . 
 `` we 're spread thin , ham . 
 you and breeze are two of the only men i know i can trust , and i need you back in luthadel . 
 yeden 's not perfect for the job here , but the army is going to be his , eventually . 
 might as well let him lead it for a time . 
 besides , it will give him something to do ; he 's growing a bit touchy about his place in the crew . '' 
 kelsier paused , then smiled in amusement . 
 `` i think he 's jealous of the attention i pay the others . '' 
 ham smiled . 
 `` that is a change . '' 
 they began to walk again , leaving the practice chamber behind . 
 they entered another twisting stone tunnel , this one leading slightly downward , ham 's lantern providing their only light . 
 `` you know , '' ham said after a few minutes of walking , `` there 's something else nice about this place . 
 you 've probably noticed this before , but it certainly is beautiful down here sometimes . '' 
 kelsier had n't noticed . 
 he glanced to the side as they walked . 
 one edge of the chamber had been formed of dripping minerals from the ceiling , thin stalactites and stalagmites-like dirty icicles-melding together to form a kind of banister . 
 minerals twinkled in ham 's light , and the path in front of them seemed to be frozen in the form of a tumbling molten river . 
 no , kelsier thought . 
 no , i do n't see its beauty , ham . 
 other men might see art in the layers of color and melted rock . 
 kelsier only saw the pits . 
 endless caves , most of them going straight down . 
 he 'd been forced to wiggle through cracks , plunging downward in the darkness , not even given a light to brighten his way . 
 often , he 'd considered not climbing back up . 
 but , then he would ﬁnd a corpse in the caves-the body of another prisoner , a man who had gotten lost , or who had perhaps just given up . 
 kelsier would feel their bones and promise himself more . 
 each week , he 'd found an atium geode . 
 each week he 'd avoided execution by brutal beating . 
 except that last time . 
 he did n't deserve to be alive-he should have been killed . 
 but , mare had given him an atium geode , promising him that she 'd found two that week . 
 it was n't until after he 'd turned it in that he 'd discovered her lie . 
 she 'd been beaten to death the next day . 
 beaten to death right in front of him . 
 that night , kelsier had snapped , coming into his powers as a mistborn . 
 the next night , men had died . 
 many men . 
 survivor of hathsin . 
 a man who should n't live . 
 even after watching her die , i could n't decide if she 'd betrayed me or not . 
 did she give me that geode out of love ? 
 or did she do it out of guilt ? 
 no , he could n't see beauty in the caverns . 
 other men had been driven mad by the pits , becoming terriﬁed of small , enclosed spaces . 
 that had n't happened to kelsier . 
 however , he knew that no matter what wonders the labyrinths held-no matter how amazing the views or delicate the beauties-he would never acknowledge them . 
 not with mare dead . 
 i ca n't think about this anymore , kelsier decided , the cavern seeming to grow darker around him . 
 he glanced to the side . 
 `` all right , ham . 
 go ahead . 
 tell me what you 're thinking about . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 ham said eagerly . 
 `` yes , '' kelsier said with a sense of resignation . 
 `` all right , '' ham said . 
 `` so , here 's what i 've been worried about lately : are skaa different from noblemen ? '' 
 `` of course they are , '' kelsier said . 
 `` the aristocracy has the money and the land ; the skaa do n't have anything . '' 
 `` i do n't mean economics-i 'm talking about physical differences . 
 you know what the obligators say , right ? '' 
 kelsier nodded . 
 `` well , is it true ? 
 i mean , skaa really do have a lot of children , and i 've heard that aristocrats have trouble reproducing . '' 
 the balance , it was called . 
 it was supposedly the way that the lord ruler ensured that there were n't too many noblemen for the skaa to support , and the way he made certain that - despite beatings and random killings-there were always enough skaa to grow food and work in mills . 
 `` i 've always just assumed it to be ministry rhetoric , '' kelsier said honestly . 
 `` i 've known skaa women to have as many as a dozen children , '' ham said . 
 `` but i ca n't name a single major noble family with more than three . '' 
 `` it 's just cultural . '' 
 `` and the height difference ? 
 they say you used to be able to tell skaa and noblemen apart by sight alone . 
 that 's changed , probably through interbreeding , but most skaa are still kind of short . '' 
 `` that 's nutritional . 
 skaa do n't get enough to eat . '' 
 `` what about allomancy ? '' 
 kelsier frowned . 
 `` you have to admit that there 's a physical difference there , '' ham said . 
 `` skaa never become mistings unless they have aristocratic blood somewhere in their last ﬁve generations . '' 
 that much , at least , was true . 
 `` skaa think differently from noblemen , kell , '' ham said . 
 `` even these soldiers are kind of timid , and they 're the brave ones ! 
 yeden 's right about the general skaa population-it will never rebel . 
 what if ... what if there really is something physically different about us ? 
 what if the noblemen are right to rule over us ? '' 
 kelsier froze in the hallway . 
 `` you do n't really mean that . '' 
 ham stopped as well . 
 `` i guess ... no , i do n't . 
 but i do wonder sometimes . 
 the noblemen have allomancy , right ? 
 maybe they 're meant to be in charge . '' 
 `` meant by who ? 
 the lord ruler ? '' 
 ham shrugged . 
 `` no , ham , '' kelsier said . 
 `` it is n't right . 
 this is n't right . 
 i know it 's hard to see-things have been this way for so long-but something very serious is wrong with the way skaa live . 
 you have to believe that . '' 
 ham paused , then nodded . 
 `` let 's go , '' kelsier said . 
 `` i want to visit that other entrance . '' 
 the week passed slowly . 
 kelsier inspected the troops , the training , the food , the weapons , the supplies , the scouts , the guards , and just about everything else he could think of . 
 more important , he visited the men . 
 he complimented and encouraged them-and he made certain to use allomancy frequently in front of them . 
 while many skaa had heard of `` allomancy , '' very few knew speciﬁcally what it could do . 
 nobleman mistings rarely used their powers in front of other people , and half-breeds had to be even more careful . 
 ordinary skaa , even city skaa , did n't know of things like steelpushing or pewter-burning . 
 when they saw kelsier ﬂying through the air or sparring with supernatural strength , they would just attribute it to formless `` allomancy magics . '' 
 kelsier did n't mind the misunderstanding at all . 
 despite all of the week 's activities , however , he never forgot his conversation with ham . 
 how could he even wonder if skaa are inferior ? 
 kelsier thought , poking at his meal as he sat at the high table in the central meeting cavern . 
 the massive `` room '' was large enough to hold the entire army of seven thousand men , though many sat in side chambers or halfway out into tunnels . 
 the high table sat on a raised rock formation at the far end of the chamber . 
 i 'm probably worrying too much . 
 ham was prone to think about things that no sane man would consider ; this was just another of his philosophical dilemmas . 
 in fact , he already seemed to have forgotten his earlier concerns . 
 he laughed with yeden , enjoying his meal . 
 as for yeden , the gangly rebel leader looked quite satisﬁed with his general 's uniform , and had spent the week taking very serious notes from ham regarding the army 's operation . 
 he seemed to be falling quite naturally into his duties . 
 in fact , kelsier seemed to be the only one who was n't enjoying the feast . 
 the evening 's foods-brought on the barges especially for the occasion-were humble by aristocratic standards , but were much ﬁner than what the soldiers were used to . 
 the men relished the meal with a joyful boisterousness , drinking their small allotment of ale and celebrating the moment . 
 and still , kelsier worried . 
 what did these men think they were ﬁghting for ? 
 they seemed enthusiastic about their training , but that might have just been due to the regular meals . 
 did they actually believe that they deserved to overthrow the final empire ? 
 did they think that skaa were inferior to noblemen ? 
 kelsier could sense their reservations . 
 many of the men realized the impending danger , and only the strict exit rules kept them from ﬂeeing . 
 while they were eager to speak of their training , they avoided talking about their ﬁnal task - that of seizing the palace and city walls , then holding off the luthadel garrison . 
 they do n't think they can succeed , kelsier guessed . 
 they need conﬁdence . 
 the rumors about me are a start , but ... he nudged ham , getting the man 's attention . 
 `` are there any men who have given you discipline problems ? '' 
 kelsier asked quietly . 
 ham frowned at the odd question . 
 `` there are a couple , of course . 
 i 'd think there are always dissidents in a group this large . '' 
 `` anyone in particular ? '' 
 kelsier asked . 
 `` men who have wanted to leave ? 
 i need someone outspoken in their opposition to what we 're doing . '' 
 `` there are a couple in the brig right now , '' ham said . 
 `` anyone here ? '' 
 kelsier asked . 
 `` preferably someone sitting at a table we can see ? '' 
 ham thought for a moment , scanning the crowd . 
 `` the man sitting at the second table with the red cloak . 
 he was caught trying to escape a couple weeks ago . '' 
 the man in question was scrawny and twitchy ; he sat at his table with a hunched , solitary posture . 
 kelsier shook his head . 
 `` i need someone a bit more charismatic . '' 
 ham rubbed his chin in thought . 
 then he paused , and nodded toward another table . 
 `` bilg . 
 the big guy sitting at the fourth table over on the right . '' 
 `` i see him , '' kelsier said . 
 bilg was a brawny man wearing a vest and a full beard . 
 `` he 's too clever to be insubordinate , '' ham said , `` but he 's been making trouble quietly . 
 he does n't think we have a chance against the final empire . 
 i 'd lock him up , but i ca n't really punish a man for expressing fear-or , at least , if i did , i 'd have to do the same for half the army . 
 besides , he 's too good a warrior to discard idly . '' 
 `` he 's perfect , '' kelsier said . 
 he burned zinc , then looked toward bilg . 
 while zinc would n't let him read the man 's emotions , it was possible-when burning the metal-to isolate just a single individual for soothing or rioting , much as one was able to isolate a single bit of metal from hundreds to pull on . 
 even still , it was difﬁcult to single bilg out from such a large crowd , so kelsier just focused on the entire tableful of men , keeping their emotions `` in hand '' for later use . 
 then he stood . 
 slowly , the cavern quieted . 
 `` men , before i leave , i wish to express one last time how much i was impressed by this visit . '' 
 his words rang through the room , ampliﬁed by the cavern 's natural acoustics . 
 `` you are becoming a ﬁne army , '' kelsier said . 
 `` i apologize for stealing general hammond , but i leave a very competent man in his place . 
 many of you know general yeden-you know of his many years serving as rebellion leader . 
 i have conﬁdence in his ability to train you even further in the ways of soldiers . '' 
 he began to riot bilg and his companions , enﬂaming their emotions , counting on the fact that they 'd be feeling disagreeable . 
 `` it is a great task i ask of you , '' kelsier said , not looking at bilg . 
 `` those skaa outside of luthadel-indeed , most skaa everywhere-have no idea what you are about to do for them . 
 they are n't aware of the training you endure or the battles you prepare to ﬁght . 
 however , they will reap the rewards . 
 someday , they will call you heroes . '' 
 he rioted bilg 's emotions even harder . 
 `` the garrison of luthadel is strong , '' kelsier said , `` but we can defeat it-especially if we take the city walls quickly . 
 do not forget why you came here . 
 this is n't simply about learning to swing a sword or wear a helm . 
 this is about a revolution such as the world has never seen-it is about taking the government for ourselves , about ousting the lord ruler . 
 do not lose sight of your goal . '' 
 kelsier paused . 
 from the corner of his eye , he could see dark expressions from the men at bilg 's table . 
 finally , in the silence , kelsier heard a muttered comment from the table - carried by cavern acoustics to many ears . 
 kelsier frowned , turning toward bilg . 
 the entire cavern seemed to grow even more still . 
 `` did you say something ? '' 
 kelsier asked . 
 now , the moment of decision . 
 will he resist , or will he be cowed ? 
 bilg looked back . 
 kelsier hit the man with a ﬂared riot . 
 his reward came as bilg stood from his table , face red . 
 `` yes , sir , '' the brawny man snapped . 
 `` i did say something . 
 i said that some of us have n't lost sight of our ` goal . ' 
 we think about it every day . '' 
 `` and why is that ? '' 
 kelsier asked . 
 rumbling whispers began to sound at the back of the cavern as soldiers passed the news to those too far away to hear . 
 bilg took a deep breath . 
 `` because , sir , we think that this is suicide you 're sending us to . 
 the final empire 's armies are bigger than just one garrison . 
 it wo n't matter if we take the walls-we 'll get slaughtered eventually anyway . 
 you do n't overthrow an empire with a couple thousand soldiers . '' 
 perfect , kelsier thought . 
 i 'm sorry , bilg . 
 but someone needed to say it , and it certainly could n't be me . 
 `` i see we have a disagreement , '' kelsier said loudly . 
 `` i believe in these men , and in their purpose . '' 
 `` i believe that you are a deluded fool , '' bilg bellowed . 
 `` and i was a bigger fool for coming to these bloody caves . 
 if you 're so certain about our chances , then why ca n't anyone leave ? 
 we 're trapped here until you send us to die ! '' 
 `` you insult me , '' kelsier snapped . 
 `` you know very well why men are n't allowed to leave . 
 why do you want to go , soldier ? 
 are you that eager to sell out your companions to the lord ruler ? 
 a few quick boxings in exchange for four thousand lives ? '' 
 bilg 's face grew redder . 
 `` i would never do such a thing , but i 'm certainly not going to let you send me to my death , either ! 
 this army is a waste . '' 
 `` you speak treason , '' kelsier said . 
 he turned , scanning the crowd . 
 `` it is not ﬁtting for a general to ﬁght a man beneath his command . 
 is there a soldier here who is willing to defend the honor of this rebellion ? '' 
 immediately , a couple dozen men stood up . 
 kelsier noticed one in particular . 
 he was smaller than the rest , but he had the simple earnestness that kelsier had noticed earlier . 
 `` captain demoux . '' 
 immediately , the young captain jumped forward . 
 kelsier reached over , grabbing his own sword and tossing it down to the man . 
 `` you can use a sword , lad ? '' 
 `` yes , sir ! '' 
 `` someone fetch a weapon for bilg and a pair of studded vests . '' 
 kelsier turned toward bilg . 
 `` noblemen have a tradition . 
 when two men have a dispute , they settle it with a duel . 
 defeat my champion , and you are free to leave . '' 
 `` and if he defeats me ? '' 
 bilg asked . 
 `` then you 'll be dead , '' kelsier said . 
 `` i 'm dead if i stay , '' bilg said , accepting a sword from a nearby soldier . 
 `` i accept the terms . '' 
 kelsier nodded , waving for some men to pull aside tables and make an open space before the high table . 
 men began to stand , crowding around to watch the contest . 
 `` kell , what are you doing ! '' 
 ham hissed at his side . 
 `` something that needs to be done . '' 
 `` needs to be ... kelsier , that boy is no match for bilg ! 
 i trust demoux-that 's why i promoted him-but he 's not that great a warrior . 
 bilg 's one of the ﬁnest swordsmen in the army ! '' 
 `` the men know this ? '' 
 kelsier asked . 
 `` of course , '' ham said . 
 `` call this off . 
 demoux is nearly half bilg 's size-he 's at a disadvantage in reach , strength , and skill . 
 he 'll get slaughtered ! '' 
 kelsier ignored the request . 
 he sat quietly as bilg and demoux hefted their weapons , a pair of soldiers tying on their leather cuirasses . 
 when they were done , kelsier waved a hand , motioning for the battle to begin . 
 ham groaned . 
 it would be a short ﬁght . 
 both men had longswords and little armor . 
 bilg stepped forward with conﬁdence , making a few testing swings toward demoux . 
 the boy was at least competent-he blocked the blows , but he revealed a great deal about his abilities as he did so . 
 taking a deep breath , kelsier burned steel and iron . 
 bilg swung , and kelsier nudged the blade to the side , giving demoux room to escape . 
 the boy tried a thrust , but bilg easily knocked it away . 
 the larger warrior then attacked with a barrage , sending demoux stumbling backward . 
 demoux tried to jump out of the way of the last swing , but he was too slow . 
 the blade fell with awful inevitability . 
 kelsier ﬂared iron-stabilizing himself by pulling against a lantern bracket behind-then grabbed the iron studs on demoux 's vest . 
 kelsier pulled as demoux jumped , yanking the boy backward in a small arc away from bilg . 
 demoux landed with a maladroit stumble as bilg 's sword smashed into the stone ground . 
 bilg looked up with surprise , and a low rumble of amazement moved through the crowd . 
 bilg growled , running forward with weapon held high . 
 demoux blocked the powerful swing , but bilg knocked the boy 's weapon aside with a careless sweep . 
 bilg struck again , and demoux raised a hand in reﬂexive defense . 
 kelsier pushed , freezing bilg 's sword in midswing . 
 demoux stood , hand forward , as if he had stopped the attacking weapon with a thought . 
 the two stood like that for a moment , bilg trying to force the sword forward , demoux staring in awe at his hand . 
 standing up a bit straighter , demoux tentatively forced his hand forward . 
 kelsier pushed , throwing bilg backward . 
 the large warrior tumbled to the ground with a cry of surprise . 
 when he rose a moment later , kelsier did n't have to riot his emotions to make him angry . 
 he bellowed in rage , grabbing his sword in two hands and rushing toward demoux . 
 some men do n't know when to quit , kelsier thought as bilg swung . 
 demoux began to dodge . 
 kelsier shoved the boy to the side , getting him out of the way . 
 then demoux turned , gripping his own weapon in two hands and swinging at bilg . 
 kelsier grabbed demoux 's weapon in mid-arc and pulled against it forcefully , ripping the steel forward with a mighty ﬂare of iron . 
 the swords smashed together , and demoux 's kelsier enhanced blow knocked bilg 's weapon out of his hands . 
 there was a loud snap , and the large miscreant fell to the ﬂoor-thrown completely off balance by the force of demoux 's blow . 
 bilg 's weapon bounced to the stone ﬂoor a distance away . 
 demoux stepped forward , raising his weapon over the stunned bilg . 
 and then , he stopped . 
 kelsier burned iron , reaching out to grab the weapon and pull it down , to force the killing blow , but demoux resisted . 
 kelsier paused . 
 this man should die , he thought angrily . 
 on the ground , bilg groaned quietly . 
 kelsier could just barely see his twisted arm , its bone shattered by the powerful strike . 
 it was bleeding . 
 no , kelsier thought . 
 this is enough . 
 he released demoux 's weapon . 
 demoux lowered his sword , staring down at bilg . 
 then , demoux raised his hands , regarding them with wonder , his arms quivering slightly . 
 kelsier stood , and the crowd fell to a hush once again . 
 `` do you think i would send you against the lord ruler unprepared ? '' 
 kelsier demanded in a loud voice . 
 `` do you think i would just send you off to die ? 
 you ﬁght for what is just , men ! 
 you ﬁght for me . 
 i will not leave you unaided when you go against the soldiers of the final empire . '' 
 kelsier thrust his hand into the air , holding aloft a tiny bar of metal . 
 `` you 've heard of this , have n't you ? 
 you know the rumors of the eleventh metal ? 
 well , i have it-and i will use it . 
 the lord ruler will die ! '' 
 the men began to cheer . 
 `` this is not our only tool ! '' 
 kelsier bellowed . 
 `` you soldiers have power untold inside of you ! 
 you have heard of the arcane magics that the lord ruler uses ? 
 well , we have some of our own ! 
 feast , my soldiers , and do n't fear the battle to come . 
 look forward to it ! '' 
 the room erupted in a riot of cheers , and kelsier waved for more ale to be delivered . 
 a couple of servants rushed forward to help bilg from the room . 
 when kelsier sat , ham was frowning deeply . 
 `` i do n't like this , kell , '' he said . 
 `` i know , '' kelsier said quietly . 
 ham was about to speak further , but yeden leaned across him . 
 `` that was amazing ! 
 i. . . 
 kelsier , i did n't know ! 
 you should have told me you could pass your powers to others . 
 why , with these abilities , how can we possibly lose ? '' 
 ham laid a hand on yeden 's shoulder , pushing the man back into his seat . 
 `` eat , '' he ordered . 
 then , he turned to kelsier , pulling his chair closer and speaking in a low voice . 
 `` you just lied to my entire army , kell . '' 
 `` no , ham , '' kelsier said quietly . 
 `` i lied to my army . '' 
 ham paused . 
 then his face darkened . 
 kelsier sighed . 
 `` it was only a partial lie . 
 they do n't need to be warriors , they just have to look threatening long enough for us to grab the atium . 
 with it , we can bribe the garrison , and our men wo n't even have to ﬁght . 
 that 's virtually the same thing as what i promised them . '' 
 ham did n't respond . 
 `` before we leave , '' kelsier said , `` i want you to select a few dozen of our most trustworthy and devoted soldiers . 
 we 'll send them back to luthadel-with vows that they ca n't reveal where the army is-so that word of this evening can spread amongst the skaa . '' 
 `` so this is about your ego ? '' 
 ham snapped . 
 kelsier shook his head . 
 `` sometimes we need to do things that we ﬁnd distasteful , ham . 
 my ego may be considerable , but this is about something else entirely . '' 
 ham sat for a moment , then turned back to his meal . 
 he did n't eat , however-he just sat staring at the blood on the ground before the high table . 
 ah , ham , kelsier thought . 
 i wish i could explain everything to you . 
 plots behind plots , plans beyond plans . 
 there was always another secret . 
 at ﬁrst , there were those who did n't think the deepness was a serious danger , at least not to them . 
 however , it brought with it a blight that i have seen infect nearly every part of the land . 
 armies are useless before it . 
 great cities are laid low by its power . 
 crops fail , and the land dies . 
 this is the thing i ﬁght . 
 this is the monster i must defeat . 
 i fear that i have taken too long . 
 already , so much destruction has occurred that i fear for mankind 's survival . 
 is this truly the end of the world , as many of the philosophers predict ? 
 22 we arrived in terris earlier this week , vin read , and , i have to say , i ﬁnd the countryside beautiful . 
 the great mountains to the north-with their bald snowcaps and forested mantles-stand like watchful gods over this land of green fertility . 
 my own lands to the south are mostly ﬂat ; i think that they might look less dreary if there were a few mountains to vary the terrain . 
 the people here are mostly herdsmen-though timber harvesters and farmers are not uncommon . 
 it is a pastoral land , certainly . 
 it seems odd that a place so remarkably agrarian could have produced the prophecies and theologies upon which the entire world now relies . 
 we picked up a group of terris packmen to guide us through the difﬁcult mountain passages . 
 yet , these are no ordinary men . 
 the stories are apparently true-some terrismen have a remarkable ability that is most intriguing . 
 somehow , they can store up their strength for use on the next day . 
 before they sleep at night , they spend an hour lying in their bedrolls , during which time they suddenly grow very frail in appearance-almost as if they had aged by half a century . 
 yet , when they wake the next morning , they become quite muscular . 
 apparently , their powers have something to do with the metal bracelets and earrings that they always wear . 
 the leader of the packmen is named rashek , and he is rather taciturn . 
 nevertheless , braches-inquisitive , as always-has promised to interrogate him in the hopes of discovering exactly how this wondrous strength-storing is achieved . 
 tomorrow , we begin the ﬁnal stage of our pilgrimage-the far mountains of terris . 
 there , hopefully , i will ﬁnd peace-both for myself , and for our poor land . 
 as she read her copy of the logbook , vin was quickly coming to several decisions . 
 first was the ﬁrm belief that she did not like reading . 
 sazed did n't listen to her complaints ; he just claimed that she had n't practiced enough . 
 could n't he see that reading was hardly as practical a skill as being able to handle a dagger or use allomancy ? 
 still , she continued to read as per his orders-if only to stubbornly prove that she could . 
 many of the logbook 's words were difﬁcult to her , and she had to read in a secluded part of renoux 's mansion where she could sound out the words to herself , trying to decipher the lord ruler 's odd style of writing . 
 the continued reading led to her second conclusion : the lord ruler was far more whiny than any god had a right to be . 
 when pages of the logbook were n't ﬁlled with boring notes about the lord ruler 's travels , they were instead packed with internal contemplations and lengthy moralistic ramblings . 
 vin was beginning to wish that she 'd never found the book in the ﬁrst place . 
 she sighed , settling back into her wicker chair . 
 a cool early-spring breeze blew through the lower gardens , passing over the petite fountain brook to her left . 
 the air was comfortably moist , and the trees overhead shaded her from the afternoon sun . 
 being nobility-even fake nobility-certainly did have its perks . 
 a quiet footfall sounded behind her . 
 it was distant , but vin had grown into the habit of burning a little bit of tin at all times . 
 she turned , shooting a covert glance over her shoulder . 
 `` spook ? '' 
 she said with surprise as young lestibournes walked down the garden path . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 spook froze , blushing . 
 `` wasing with the dox to come and be without the stay . '' 
 `` dockson ? '' 
 vin said . 
 `` he 's here too ? '' 
 maybe he has news of kelsier ! 
 spook nodded , approaching . 
 `` weapons for the getting , giving for the time to be . '' 
 vin paused . 
 `` you lost me on that one . '' 
 `` we needed the drop off some more weapons , '' spook said , struggling to speak without his dialect . 
 `` storing them here for a while . '' 
 `` ah , '' vin said , rising and brushing off her dress . 
 `` i should go see him . '' 
 spook looked suddenly apprehensive , ﬂushing again , and vin cocked her head . 
 `` was there something else ? '' 
 with a sudden movement , spook reached into his vest and pulled something out . 
 vin ﬂared pewter in response , but the item was simply a pink-and-white handkerchief . 
 spook thrust it toward her . 
 vin took it hesitantly . 
 `` what 's this for ? '' 
 spook ﬂushed again , then turned and dashed away . 
 vin watched him go , dumbfounded . 
 she looked down at the handkerchief . 
 it was made of soft lace , but there did n't seem to be anything unusual about it . 
 that is one strange boy , she thought , tucking the handkerchief inside her sleeve . 
 she picked up her copy of the logbook , then began to work her way up the garden path . 
 she was growing so accustomed to wearing a dress that she barely had to pay attention to keep the gown 's lower layers from brushing against underbrush or stones . 
 i guess that in itself is a valuable skill , vin thought as she reached the mansion 's garden entrance without having snagged her dress on a single branch . 
 she pushed open the many-paned glass door and stopped the ﬁrst servant she saw . 
 `` master delton has arrived ? '' 
 she asked , using dockson 's fake name . 
 he played the part of one of renoux 's merchant contacts inside luthadel . 
 `` yes , my lady , '' the servant said . 
 `` he 's in conference with lord renoux . '' 
 vin let the servant go . 
 she could probably force her way into the conference , but it would look bad . 
 lady valette had no reason to attend a mercantile meeting between renoux and delton . 
 vin chewed her lower lip in thought . 
 sazed was always telling her she had to keep up appearances . 
 fine , she thought . 
 i 'll wait . 
 maybe sazed can tell me what that crazy boy expects me to do with this handkerchief . 
 she sought out the upper library , maintaining a pleasant ladylike smile , inwardly trying to guess what renoux and dockson were talking about . 
 dropping off the weapons was an excuse ; dockson would n't have come personally to do something so mundane . 
 perhaps kelsier had been delayed . 
 or , maybe dockson had ﬁnally gotten a communication from marsh-kelsier 's brother , along with the other new obligator initiates , should be arriving back in luthadel soon . 
 dockson and renoux could have sent for me , she thought with annoyance . 
 valette often entertained guests with her uncle . 
 she shook her head . 
 even though kelsier had named her a full member of the crew , the others obviously still regarded her as something of a child . 
 they were friendly and accepting , but they did n't think to include her . 
 it was probably unintentional , but that did n't make it any less frustrating . 
 light shone from the library ahead . 
 sure enough , sazed sat inside , translating the last group of pages from the logbook . 
 he looked up as vin entered , smiling and nodding respectfully . 
 no spectacles this time either , vin noted . 
 why did he wear them for that short time before ? 
 `` mistress vin , '' he said , rising and fetching her a chair . 
 `` how are your studies of the logbook going ? '' 
 vin looked down at the loosely bound pages in her hand . 
 `` all right , i suppose . 
 i do n't see why i have to bother reading them-you gave copies to kell and breeze too , did n't you ? '' 
 `` of course , '' sazed said , setting the chair down beside his desk . 
 `` however , master kelsier asked every member of the crew to read the pages . 
 he is correct to do so , i think . 
 the more eyes that read those words , the more likely we will be to discover the secrets hidden within them . '' 
 vin sighed slightly , smoothing her dress and seating herself . 
 the white and blue dress was beautiful-though intended for daily use , it was only slightly less luxurious than one of her ball gowns . 
 `` you must admit , mistress , '' sazed said as he sat , `` the text is amazing . 
 this work is a keeper 's dream . 
 why , i 'm discovering things about my culture that even i did not know ! '' 
 vin nodded . 
 `` i just got to the part where they reach terris . '' 
 hopefully , the next part will contain fewer supply lists . 
 honestly , for an evil god of darkness , he certainly can be dull . 
 `` yes , yes , '' sazed said , speaking with uncharacteristic enthusiasm . 
 `` did you see what he said , how he described terris as a place of ` green fertility ' ? 
 keeper legends speak of this . 
 terris is now a tundra of frozen dirt-why , almost no plants can survive there . 
 but , once it was green and beautiful , like the text says . '' 
 green and beautiful , vin thought . 
 why would green be beautiful ? 
 that would be like having blue or purple plants - it would just be weird . 
 however , there was something about the logbook that made her curious-something that both sazed and kelsier had been strangely closemouthed about . 
 `` i just read the part where the lord ruler gets some terris packmen , '' vin said carefully . 
 `` he talked about how they grow stronger during the day because they let themselves be weak at night . '' 
 sazed suddenly grew more subdued . 
 `` yes , indeed . '' 
 `` you know something about this ? 
 does it have to do with being a keeper ? '' 
 `` it does , '' sazed said . 
 `` but , this should remain a secret , i think . 
 not that you are n't worthy of trust , mistress vin . 
 however , if fewer people know about keepers , then fewer rumors will be told of us . 
 it would be best if the lord ruler began to believe that he had destroyed us completely , as has been his goal for the last thousand years . '' 
 vin shrugged . 
 `` fine . 
 hopefully , none of the secrets kelsier wants us to discover in this text are related to the terrisman powers-if they are , i 'll miss them completely . '' 
 sazed paused . 
 `` ah , well , '' vin said nonchalantly , ﬂipping through the pages she had n't read . 
 `` looks like he spends a lot of time talking about the terrismen . 
 guess i wo n't be able to give much input when kelsier gets back . '' 
 `` you make a good point , '' sazed said slowly . 
 `` even if you make it a bit melodramatically . '' 
 vin smiled pertly . 
 `` very well , '' sazed said with a sigh . 
 `` we should not have let you spend so much time with master breeze , i think . '' 
 `` the men in the logbook , '' vin said . 
 `` they 're keepers ? '' 
 sazed nodded . 
 `` what we now call keepers were far more common back then-perhaps even more common than mistings are among modern nobility . 
 our art is called ` feruchemy , ' and it grants the ability to store certain physical attributes inside bits of metal . '' 
 vin frowned . 
 `` you burn metals too ? '' 
 `` no , mistress , '' sazed said with a shake of his head . 
 `` feruchemists are n't like allomancers-we do n't ` burn ' away our metals . 
 we use them as storage . 
 each piece of metal , dependent upon size and alloy , can store a certain physical quality . 
 the feruchemist saves up an attribute , then draws upon that reserve at a later time . '' 
 `` attribute ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 `` like strength ? '' 
 sazed nodded . 
 `` in the text , the terris packmen make themselves weaker during the evening , storing up strength in their bracelets for use on the next day . '' 
 vin studied sazed 's face . 
 `` that 's why you wear so many earrings ! '' 
 `` yes , mistress , '' he said , reaching over to pull up his sleeves . 
 underneath his robe , he wore thick iron bracers around his upper arms . 
 `` i keep some of my reserves hidden-but wearing many rings , earrings , and other items of jewelry has always been a part of terris culture . 
 the lord ruler once tried to enforce a ban upon terrismen touching or owning any metal-in fact , he tried to make wearing metal a noble privilege , rather than a skaa one . '' 
 vin frowned . 
 `` that 's odd , '' she said . 
 `` one would think that the nobility would n't want to wear metal , because that would make them vulnerable to allomancy . '' 
 `` indeed , '' sazed said . 
 `` however , it has long been imperial fashion to accent one 's wardrobe with metal . 
 it began , i suspect , with the lord ruler 's desire to deny the terrismen the right to touch metal . 
 he himself began wearing metal rings and bracelets , and the nobility always follows him in fashion . 
 nowadays , the most wealthy often wear metal as a symbol of power and pride . '' 
 `` sounds foolish , '' vin said . 
 `` fashion often is , mistress , '' sazed said . 
 `` regardless , the ploy failed-many of the nobility only wear wood painted to look like metal , and the terris managed to weather the lord ruler 's discontent in this area . 
 it was simply too impractical to never let stewards handle metal . 
 that has n't stopped the lord ruler from trying to exterminate the keepers , however . '' 
 `` he fears you . '' 
 `` and hates us . 
 not just feruchemists , but all terrismen . '' 
 sazed laid a hand on the still untranslated portion of the text . 
 `` i hope to ﬁnd that secret in here as well . 
 no one remembers why the lord ruler persecutes the terris people , but i suspect that it has something to do with those packmen-their leader , rashek , appears to be a very contrary man . 
 the lord ruler often speaks of him in the narrative . '' 
 `` he mentioned religion , '' vin said . 
 `` the terris religion . 
 something about prophecies ? '' 
 sazed shook his head . 
 `` i can not answer that question , mistress , for i do n't know any more of the terris religion than you do . '' 
 `` but , you collect religions , '' vin said . 
 `` you do n't know about your own ? '' 
 `` i do not , '' sazed said solemnly . 
 `` you see , mistress , this was why the keepers were formed . 
 centuries ago , my people hid away the last few terris feruchemists . 
 the lord ruler 's purges of the terris people were growing quite violent-this was before he began the breeding program . 
 back then , we were n't stewards or servants-we were n't even skaa . 
 we were something to be destroyed . 
 `` yet , something kept the lord ruler from wiping us out completely . 
 i do n't know why-perhaps he thought genocide too kind a punishment . 
 anyway , he successfully destroyed our religion during the ﬁrst two centuries of his rule . 
 the organization of keepers was formed during the next century , its members intent upon discovering that which had been lost , then remembering for the future . '' 
 `` with feruchemy ? '' 
 sazed nodded , rubbing his ﬁngers across the bracer on his right arm . 
 `` this one is made of copper ; it allows for the storage of memories and thoughts . 
 each keeper carries several bracers like this , ﬁlled with knowledge-songs , stories , prayers , histories , and languages . 
 many keepers have a particular area of interest-mine is religion-but we all remember the entire collection . 
 if just one of us survives until the death of the lord ruler , then the world 's people will be able to recover all that they have lost . '' 
 he paused , then pulled down his sleeve . 
 `` well , not all that was lost . 
 there are still things we are missing . '' 
 `` your own religion , '' vin said quietly . 
 `` you never found it , did you ? '' 
 sazed shook his head . 
 `` the lord ruler implies in this logbook that it was our prophets that led him to the well of ascension , but even this is new information for us . 
 what did we believe ? 
 what , or whom , did we worship ? 
 where did these terris prophets come from , and how did they predict the future ? '' 
 `` i 'm ... sorry . '' 
 `` we continue to look , mistress . 
 we will ﬁnd our answers eventually , i think . 
 even if we do not , we will still have provided an invaluable service for mankind . 
 other people call us docile and servile , but we have fought him , in our own way . '' 
 vin nodded . 
 `` so , what other things can you store ? 
 strength and memories . 
 anything else ? '' 
 sazed eyed her . 
 `` i have said too much already , i think . 
 you understand the mechanics of what we do-if the lord ruler mentions these things in his text , you will not be confused . '' 
 `` sight , '' vin said , perking up . 
 `` that 's why you wore glasses for a few weeks after you rescued me . 
 you needed to be able to see better that night when you saved me , so you used up your storage . 
 then you spent a few weeks with weak vision so that you could reﬁll it . '' 
 sazed did n't respond to the comment . 
 he picked up his pen , obviously intending to turn back to his translation . 
 `` was there anything else , mistress ? '' 
 `` yes , as a matter of fact , '' vin said , pulling the handkerchief from her sleeve . 
 `` do you have any idea what this is ? '' 
 `` it appears to be a handkerchief , mistress . '' 
 vin raised a droll eyebrow . 
 `` very funny . 
 you 've spent far too long around kelsier , sazed . '' 
 `` i know , '' he said with a quiet sigh . 
 `` he has corrupted me , i think . 
 regardless , i do not understand your question . 
 what is distinctive about that particular handkerchief ? '' 
 `` that 's what i want to know , '' vin said . 
 `` spook gave it to me just a little bit ago . '' 
 `` ah . 
 that makes sense , then . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 vin demanded . 
 `` in noble society , mistress , a handkerchief is the traditional gift a young man gives a lady that he wishes to seriously court . '' 
 vin paused , regarding the handkerchief with shock . 
 `` what ? 
 is that boy crazy ? '' 
 `` most young men his age are somewhat crazy , i think , '' sazed said with a smile . 
 `` however , this is hardly unexpected . 
 have n't you noticed how he stares at you when you enter the room ? '' 
 `` i just thought he was creepy . 
 what is he thinking ? 
 he 's so much younger than me . '' 
 `` the boy is ﬁfteen , mistress . 
 that only makes him one year your junior . '' 
 `` two , '' vin said . 
 `` i turned seventeen last week . '' 
 `` still , he is n't really that much younger than you . '' 
 vin rolled her eyes . 
 `` i do n't have time for his attentions . '' 
 `` one would think , mistress , that you would appreciate the opportunities you have . 
 not everyone is so fortunate . '' 
 vin paused . 
 he 's a eunuch , you fool . 
 `` sazed , i 'm sorry . 
 i. . . '' 
 sazed waved a hand . 
 `` it is something i have never known enough of to miss , mistress . 
 perhaps i am fortunate-a life in the underground does not make it easy to raise a family . 
 why , poor master hammond has been away from his wife for months . '' 
 `` ham 's married ? '' 
 `` of course , '' sazed said . 
 `` so is master yeden , i believe . 
 they protect their families by separating them from underground activities , but this necessitates spending large periods of time apart . '' 
 `` who else ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 `` breeze ? 
 dockson ? '' 
 `` master breeze is a bit too ... self-motivated for a family , i think . 
 master dockson has n't spoken of his romantic life , but i suspect that there is something painful in his past . 
 that is not uncommon for plantation skaa , as you might expect . '' 
 `` dockson is from a plantation ? '' 
 vin asked with surprise . 
 `` of course . 
 do n't you ever spend time talking with your friends , mistress ? '' 
 friends . 
 i have friends . 
 it was an odd realization . 
 `` anyway , '' sazed said , `` i should continue my work . 
 i am sorry to be so dismissive , but i am nearly ﬁnished with the translation ... '' `` of course , '' vin said , standing and smoothing her dress . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 she found dockson sitting in the guest study , writing quietly on a piece of paper , a pile of documents organized neatly on the desktop . 
 he wore a standard nobleman 's suit , and always looked more comfortable in the clothing than the others did . 
 kelsier was dashing , breeze immaculate and lavish , but dockson ... he simply looked natural in the outﬁt . 
 he looked up as she entered . 
 `` vin ? 
 i 'm sorry-i should have sent for you . 
 for some reason i assumed you were out . '' 
 `` i often am , these days , '' she said , closing the door behind her . 
 `` i stayed home today ; listening to noblewomen prattle over their lunches can get a bit annoying . '' 
 `` i can imagine , '' dockson said , smiling . 
 `` have a seat . '' 
 vin nodded , strolling into the room . 
 it was a quiet place , decorated in warm colors and deep woods . 
 it was still somewhat light outside , but dockson already had the evening drapes drawn and was working by candlelight . 
 `` any news from kelsier ? '' 
 vin asked as she sat . 
 `` no , '' dockson said , setting aside his document . 
 `` but that 's not unexpected . 
 he was n't going to stay at the caves for long , so sending a messenger back would have been a bit silly-as an allomancer , he might even be able to get back before a man on horseback . 
 either way , i suspect he 'll be a few days late . 
 this is kell we 're talking about , after all . '' 
 vin nodded , then sat quietly for a moment . 
 she had n't spent as much time with dockson as she had with kelsier and sazed-or even ham and breeze . 
 he seemed like a kind man , however . 
 very stable , and very clever . 
 while most of the others contributed some kind of allomantic power to the crew , dockson was valuable because of his simple ability to organize . 
 when something needed to be purchased-such as vin 's dresses-dockson saw that it got done . 
 when a building needed to be rented , supplies procured , or a permit secured , dockson made it happen . 
 he was n't out front , scamming noblemen , ﬁghting in the mists , or recruiting soldiers . 
 without him , however , vin suspected that the entire crew would fall apart . 
 he 's a nice man , she told herself . 
 he wo n't mind if i ask him . 
 `` dox , what was it like living on a plantation ? '' 
 `` hmm ? 
 the plantation ? '' 
 vin nodded . 
 `` you grew up on one , right ? 
 you 're a plantation skaa ? '' 
 `` yes , '' dockson said . 
 `` or , at least , i was . 
 what was it like ? 
 i 'm not sure how to answer , vin . 
 it was a hard life , but most skaa live hard lives . 
 i was n't allowed to leave the plantation - or even go outside of the hovel community-without permission . 
 we ate more regularly than a lot of the street skaa , but we were worked as hard as any millworker . 
 perhaps more . 
 `` the plantations are different from the cities . 
 out there , every lord is his own master . 
 technically , the lord ruler owns the skaa , but the noblemen rent them , and are allowed to kill as many as they want . 
 each lord just has to make certain that his crops come in . '' 
 `` you seem so ... unemotional about it , '' vin said . 
 dockson shrugged . 
 `` it 's been a while since i lived there , vin . 
 i do n't know that the plantation was overly traumatic . 
 it was just life-we did n't know anything better . 
 in fact , i now know that amongst plantation lords , mine was actually rather lenient . '' 
 `` why did you leave , then ? '' 
 dockson paused . 
 `` an event , '' he said his voice growing almost wistful . 
 `` you know that the law says that a lord can bed any skaa woman that he wishes ? '' 
 vin nodded . 
 `` he just has to kill her when he 's done . '' 
 `` or soon thereafter , '' dockson said . 
 `` quickly enough that she ca n't birth any half-breed children . '' 
 `` the lord took a woman you loved , then ? '' 
 dockson nodded . 
 `` i do n't talk about it much . 
 not because i ca n't , but because i think it would be pointless . 
 i 'm not the only skaa to lose a loved one to a lord 's passion , or even to a lord 's indifference . 
 in fact , i 'll bet you 'd have trouble ﬁnding a skaa who has n't had someone they love murdered by the aristocracy . 
 that 's just . . 
 the way it is . '' 
 `` who was she ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 `` a girl from the plantation . 
 like i said , my story is n't that original . 
 i remember . . 
 sneaking between the hovels at night to spend time with her . 
 the entire community played along , hiding us from the taskmasters-i was n't supposed to be out after dark , you see . 
 i braved the mists for the ﬁrst time for her , and while many thought me foolish to go out at night , others got over their superstition and encouraged me . 
 i think the romance inspired them ; kareien and i reminded everyone that there was something to live for . 
 `` when kareien was taken by lord devinshae-her corpse returned the next morning for burial-something just . . 
 died in the skaa hovels . 
 i left that next evening . 
 i did n't know there was a better life , but i just could n't stay , not with kareien 's family there , not with lord devinshae watching us work ... '' dockson sighed , shaking his head . 
 vin could ﬁnally see some emotion in his face . 
 `` you know , '' he said , `` it amazes me sometimes that we even try . 
 with everything they 've done to us-the deaths , the tortures , the agonies-you 'd think that we would just give up on things like hope and love . 
 but we do n't . 
 skaa still fall in love . 
 they still try to have families , and they still struggle . 
 i mean , here we are ... ﬁghting kell 's insane little war , resisting a god we know is just going to slaughter us all . '' 
 vin sat quietly , trying to comprehend the horror of what he described . 
 `` i. . . 
 thought you said that your lord was a kind one . '' 
 `` oh , he was , '' dockson said . 
 `` lord devinshae rarely beat his skaa to death , and he only purged the elderly when the population got completely out of control . 
 he has an impeccable reputation among the nobility . 
 you 've probably seen him at some of the balls-he 's been in luthadel lately , over the winter , between planting seasons . '' 
 vin felt cold . 
 `` dockson , that 's horrible ! 
 how could they let a monster like that among them ? '' 
 dockson frowned , then he leaned forward slightly , resting his arms on the desktop . 
 `` vin , they 're all like that . '' 
 `` i know that 's what some of the skaa say , dox , '' vin said . 
 `` but , the people at the balls , they are n't like that . 
 i 've met them , danced with them . 
 dox , a lot of them are good people . 
 i do n't think they realize how terrible things are for the skaa . '' 
 dockson looked at her with a strange expression . 
 `` am i really hearing this from you , vin ? 
 why do you think we 're ﬁghting against them ? 
 do n't you realize the things those people-all of those people-are capable of ? '' 
 `` cruelty , perhaps , '' vin said . 
 `` and indifference . 
 but they are n't monsters , not all of them-not like your former plantation lord . '' 
 dockson shook his head . 
 `` you just are n't seeing well enough , vin . 
 a nobleman can rape and murder a skaa woman one night , then be praised for his morality and virtue the next day . 
 skaa just are n't people to them . 
 noblewomen do n't even consider it cheating when their lord sleeps with a skaa woman . '' 
 `` i. . . '' 
 vin trailed off , growing uncertain . 
 this was the one area of noble culture she had n't wanted to confront . 
 beatings , she could perhaps forgive , but this ... dockson shook his head . 
 `` you 're letting them dupe you , vin . 
 things like this are less visible in the cities because of whorehouses , but the murders still happen . 
 some brothels use women of very poor-but noble-birth . 
 most , however , just kill off their skaa whores periodically to keep the inquisitors placated . '' 
 vin felt a little weak . 
 `` i. . . 
 know about the brothels , dox . 
 my brother always threatened to sell me to one . 
 but , just because brothels exist does n't mean that all the men go to them . 
 there are lots of workers who do n't visit the skaa whorehouses . '' 
 `` noblemen are different , vin , '' dockson said sternly . 
 `` they 're horrible creatures . 
 why do you think i do n't complain when kelsier kills them ? 
 why do you think i 'm working with him to overthrow their government ? 
 you should ask some of those pretty boys you dance with how often they 've slept with a skaa woman they knew would be killed a short time later . 
 they 've all done it , at one point or another . '' 
 vin looked down . 
 `` they ca n't be redeemed , vin , '' dockson said . 
 he did n't seem as passionate about the topic as kelsier , he just seemed ... resigned . 
 `` i do n't think that kell will be happy until they 're all dead . 
 i doubt we have to go that far-or even that we can-but i , for one , would be more than happy to see their society collapse . '' 
 vin sat quietly . 
 they ca n't all be like that , she thought . 
 they 're so beautiful , so distinguished . 
 elend has never taken and murdered a skaa woman ... has he ? 
 i sleep but a few hours each night . 
 we must press forward , traveling as much as we can each day-but when i ﬁnally lie down , i ﬁnd sleep elusive . 
 the same thoughts that trouble me during the day are only compounded by the stillness of night . 
 and , above it all , i hear the thumping sounds from above , the pulsings from the mountains . 
 drawing me closer with each beat . 
 23 `` they say that the deaths of the geffenry brothers were a retaliation for the murder of lord entrone , '' lady kliss said quietly . 
 behind vin 's group , the musicians played upon their stage , but the evening was growing late , and few people danced . 
 lady kliss 's circle of partygoers frowned at the news . 
 there were about six of them , including vin and her companion - one milen davenpleu , a young heir to a minor house title . 
 `` kliss , really , '' milen said . 
 `` houses geffenry and tekiel are allies . 
 why would tekiel assassinate two geffenry noblemen ? '' 
 `` why indeed ? '' 
 kliss said , leaning forward conspiratorially , her massive blond bun wobbling slightly . 
 kliss had never displayed much fashion sense . 
 she was an excellent source of gossip , however . 
 `` you remember when lord entrone was found dead in the tekiel gardens ? '' 
 kliss asked . 
 `` well , it seemed obvious that one of house tekiel 's enemies had killed him . 
 but , house geffenry has been petitioning tekiel for an alliance-apparently , a faction within the house thought that if something happened to enﬂame the tekiels , they would be more willing to seek allies . '' 
 `` you 're saying that geffenry purposely killed a tekiel ally ? '' 
 asked rene , kliss 's date . 
 he scrunched up his ample brow in thought . 
 kliss patted rene 's arm . 
 `` do n't worry about it too much , dear , '' she advised , then turned eagerly back to the conversation . 
 `` do n't you see ? 
 by secretly killing lord entrone , geffenry hoped to get the allegiance it needs . 
 that would give it access to those tekiel canal routes through the eastern plains . '' 
 `` but it backﬁred , '' milen said thoughtfully . 
 `` tekiel discovered the ruse , and killed ardous and callins . '' 
 `` i danced with ardous a couple of times at the last ball , '' vin said . 
 now he 's dead , his corpse left on the streets outside a skaa slum . 
 `` oh ? '' 
 milen asked . 
 `` was he any good ? '' 
 vin shrugged . 
 `` not very . '' 
 that 's all you can ask , milen ? 
 a man is dead , and you just want to know if i liked him more than you ? 
 `` well , now he 's dancing with the worms , '' said tyden , the ﬁnal man in the group . 
 milen gave the quip a pity laugh , which was more than it deserved . 
 tyden 's attempts at humor generally left something to be desired . 
 he seemed like the type who would have been more at home with the rufﬁans of camon 's crew than the noblemen of the dance hall . 
 of course , dox says they 're all like that , underneath . 
 vin 's conversation with dockson still dominated her thoughts . 
 when she 'd started coming to the noblemen 's balls back on that ﬁrst night-the night she 'd nearly been killed - she 'd thought about how fake everything seemed . 
 how had she forgotten that original impression ? 
 how had she let herself get taken in , to begin admiring their poise and their splendor ? 
 now , every nobleman 's arm around her waist made her cringe-as if she could feel the rot within their hearts . 
 how many skaa had milen killed ? 
 what about tyden ? 
 he seemed like the type who would enjoy a night with the whores . 
 but , still she played along . 
 she had ﬁnally worn her black gown this evening , somehow feeling the need to set herself apart from the other women with their bright colors and often brighter smiles . 
 however , she could n't avoid the others ' company ; vin had ﬁnally begun to gain the conﬁdences her crew needed . 
 kelsier would be delighted to know that his plan for house tekiel was working , and that was n't the only thing she had been able to discover . 
 she had dozens of little tidbits that would be of vital use to the crew 's efforts . 
 one such tidbit was about house venture . 
 the family was bunkering up for what it expected to be an extended house war ; one evidence of this was the fact that elend attended far fewer balls than he once had . 
 not that vin minded . 
 when he did come , he generally avoided her , and she did n't really want to talk to him anyway . 
 memories of what dockson had said made her think that she might have trouble remaining civil toward elend . 
 `` milen ? '' 
 lord rene asked . 
 `` are you still planning on joining us for a game of shelldry tomorrow ? '' 
 `` of course , rene , '' milen said . 
 `` did n't you promise that last time ? '' 
 tyden asked . 
 `` i 'll be there , '' milen said . 
 `` something came up last time . '' 
 `` and it wo n't come up again ? '' 
 tyden asked . 
 `` you know we ca n't play unless we have a fourth man . 
 if you 're not going to be there , we could ask someone else ... '' milen sighed , then held up a hand , sharply gesturing to the side . 
 the motion caught vin 's attention-she had only been half listening to the conversation . 
 she looked to the side , and nearly jumped in shock as she saw an obligator approaching the group . 
 so far she 'd managed to avoid obligators at the balls . 
 after her ﬁrst run-in with a high prelan , some months ago-and the subsequent alerting of an inquisitor-she 'd been apprehensive to even go near one . 
 the obligator approached , smiling in a creepy sort of way . 
 perhaps it was the arms clasped before him , hands hidden inside the gray sleeves . 
 perhaps it was the tattoos around the eyes , wrinkled with the aging skin . 
 perhaps it was the way his eyes regarded her ; it seemed like they could see through her guise . 
 this was n't just a nobleman , this was an obligator-eyes of the lord ruler , enforcer of his law . 
 the obligator stopped at the group . 
 his tattoos marked him as a member of the canton of orthodoxy , the primary bureaucratic arm of the ministry . 
 he eyed the group , speaking in a smooth voice . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 milen pulled out a few coins . 
 `` i promise to meet these two for shelldry tomorrow , '' he said , handing the coins to the aging obligator . 
 it seemed like such a silly reason to call over an obligator-or , at least , so vin thought . 
 the obligator , however , did n't laugh or point out the frivolity of the demand . 
 he simply smiled , palming the coins as deftly as any thief . 
 `` i witness this , lord milen , '' he said . 
 `` satisﬁed ? '' 
 milen asked of the other two . 
 they nodded . 
 the obligator turned , not giving vin a second glance , and strolled away . 
 she released a quiet breath , watching his shuffing form . 
 they must know everything that happens in court , she realized . 
 if nobility call them over to witness things this simple ... the more she knew about the ministry , the more she realized how clever the lord ruler had been in organizing them . 
 they witnessed every mercantile contract ; dockson and renoux had to deal with obligators nearly every day . 
 only they could authorize weddings , divorces , land purchases , or ratify inheritance of titles . 
 if an obligator had n't witnessed an event , it had n't happened , and if one had n't sealed a document , then it might as well not have been written . 
 vin shook her head as the conversation turned to other topics . 
 it had been a long night , and her mind was full of information to scribble down on her way back to fellise . 
 `` excuse me , lord milen , '' she said , laying a hand on his arm-though touching him made her shiver slightly . 
 `` i think perhaps it is time for me to retire . '' 
 `` i 'll walk you to your carriage , '' he said . 
 `` that wo n't be necessary , '' she said sweetly . 
 `` i want to refresh myself , and then i have to wait for my terrisman anyway . 
 i 'll just go sit down at our table . '' 
 `` very well , '' he said , nodding respectfully . 
 `` go if you must , valette , '' kliss said . 
 `` but you 'll never know the news i have about the ministry ... '' vin paused . 
 `` what news ? '' 
 kliss 's eyes twinkled , and she glanced at the disappearing obligator . 
 `` the inquisitors are buzzing like insects . 
 they 've hit twice as many skaa thieving bands these last few months as usual . 
 they do n't even take prisoners for executions-they just leave them all dead . '' 
 `` how do you know this ? '' 
 milen asked skeptically . 
 he seemed so straight-backed and noble . 
 you would never know what he really was . 
 `` i have my sources , '' kliss said with a smile . 
 `` why , the inquisitors found another band just this afternoon . 
 one headquartered not far from here . '' 
 vin felt a chill . 
 they were n't that far from clubs 's shop ... no , it could n't be them . 
 dockson and the rest are too clever . 
 even without kelsier in town , they 'll be safe . 
 `` cursed thieves , '' tyden spat . 
 `` damn skaa do n't know their place . 
 is n't the food and clothing we give enough of a theft from our pockets ? '' 
 `` it 's amazing the creatures can even survive as thieves , '' said carlee , tyden 's young wife , in her normal purring voice . 
 `` i ca n't imagine what kind of incompetent would let himself get robbed by skaa . '' 
 tyden ﬂushed , and vin eyed him with curiosity . 
 carlee rarely spoke except to make some jab against her husband . 
 he must have been robbed himself . 
 a scam , perhaps ? 
 filing away the information for later investigation , vin turned to go-a motion that put her face-to-face with a newcomer to the group : shan elariel . 
 elend 's former betrothed was immaculate , as always . 
 her long auburn hair had an almost luminous sheen , and her beautiful ﬁgure only reminded vin how scrawny she herself was . 
 self-important in a way that could make even a conﬁdent person uncertain , shan was-as vin was beginning to realize-exactly what most of the aristocracy thought was the perfect woman . 
 the men in vin 's group nodded their heads in respect , and the women curtsied , honored to have their conversation joined by one so important . 
 vin glanced to the side , trying to escape , but shan was standing right before her . 
 shan smiled . 
 `` ah , lord milen , '' she said to vin 's companion , `` it 's a pity that your original date this evening took sick . 
 it appears you were left with few other options . '' 
 milen ﬂushed , shan 's comment expertly placing him in a difﬁcult position . 
 did he defend vin , possibly earning the ire of a very powerful woman ? 
 or , did he instead agree with shan , thereby insulting his date ? 
 he took the coward 's way out : he ignored the comment . 
 `` lady shan , it is a pleasure to have you join us . '' 
 `` indeed , '' shan said smoothly , eyes glittering with pleasure as she regarded vin 's discomfort . 
 cursed woman ! 
 vin thought . 
 it seemed that whenever shan grew bored , she would seek out vin and embarrass her for sport . 
 `` however , '' shan said , `` i am afraid i did n't come to chat . 
 unpleasant though it may be , i have business with the renoux child . 
 will you excuse us ? '' 
 `` of course , my lady , '' milen said , backing away . 
 `` lady valette , thank you for your company this evening . '' 
 vin nodded to him and the others , feeling a little like a wounded animal being abandoned by the herd . 
 she really did n't want to deal with shan this evening . 
 `` lady shan , '' vin said once they were alone . 
 `` i think your interest in me is unfounded . 
 i have n't really been spending much time with elend lately . '' 
 `` i know , '' shan said . 
 `` it appears i overestimated your competence , child . 
 one would think that once you 'd gained favor with a man so much more important than yourself , you would n't have let him slip away so easily . '' 
 should n't she be jealous ? 
 vin thought , suppressing a cringe as she felt the inevitable touch of shan 's allomancy on her emotions . 
 should n't she hate me for taking her place ? 
 but , that was n't the noble way . 
 vin was nothing-a momentary diversion . 
 shan was n't interested in recapturing elend 's affection ; she just wanted a way to strike back at the man who had slighted her . 
 `` a wise girl would put herself in a position where she could make use of the only advantage she has , '' shan said . 
 `` if you think any other important nobleman will ever pay any attention to you , then you are mistaken . 
 elend likes to shock the court-and so , naturally , he chose to do so with the most homely and lumpish woman he could ﬁnd . 
 take this opportunity ; you shall not soon ﬁnd another . '' 
 vin gritted her teeth against the insults and the allomancy ; shan had obviously made an art out of forcing people to take whatever abuse she sought ﬁt to deliver . 
 `` now , '' shan said , `` i require information regarding certain texts elend has in his possession . 
 you can read , ca n't you ? '' 
 vin nodded curtly . 
 `` good , '' shan said . 
 `` all you need to do is memorize the titles of his books-don ' t look on the outside covers , they can be misleading . 
 read the ﬁrst few pages , then report back to me . '' 
 `` and if i should instead tell elend what you 're planning ? '' 
 shan laughed . 
 `` my dear , you do n't know what i 'm planning . 
 besides , you seem to be making some headway in court . 
 surely you realize that betraying me is not something you want to even contemplate . '' 
 with that , shan walked off , immediately gathering a collection of hangers-on from the surrounding nobility . 
 shan 's soothing weakened , and vin felt her frustration and anger rise . 
 there had been a time when she would have simply scampered away , ego already too beaten down to be bothered by shan 's insults . 
 this night , however , she found herself wishing for a way to strike back . 
 calm yourself . 
 this is a good thing . 
 you 've become a pawn in great house plans-most lesser nobility probably dream of such an opportunity . 
 she sighed , retreating toward the now empty table she had shared with milen . 
 the ball this evening was being held at the marvelous keep hasting . 
 its tall , round central keep was attended by six auxiliary towers , each set off from the main building a short distance and connected to it by walltop walkways . 
 all seven towers were set with winding , curving patterns of stained glass . 
 the ballroom was at the top of the wide central tower . 
 fortunately , a system of skaa-powered pulley platforms kept noble guests from having to walk all the way to the top . 
 the ballroom itself was n't as spectacular as some vin had visited-just a squarish chamber with vaulted ceilings and colored glass running around the perimeter . 
 funny , how easily one can become jaded , vin thought . 
 perhaps that 's how the noblemen can do such terrible things . 
 they 've been killing for so long that it does n't unsettle them anymore . 
 she asked a servant to go fetch sazed , then sat down to rest her feet . 
 i wish kelsier would hurry up and get back , she thought . 
 the crew , vin included , seemed less motivated without him around . 
 it was n't that she did n't want to work ; kelsier 's snappy wit and optimism just helped keep her moving . 
 vin looked up idly , and her eyes caught sight of elend venture standing just a short distance away , chatting with a small group of young noblemen . 
 she froze . 
 part of her-the vin part-wanted to scurry away and hide . 
 she 'd ﬁt beneath a table , dress and all . 
 oddly , however , she found her valette side stronger . 
 i have to talk to him , she thought . 
 not because of shan , but because i have to ﬁnd out the truth . 
 dockson was exaggerating . 
 he had to be . 
 when had she grown so confrontational ? 
 even as she stood , vin was amazed at her ﬁrm resolve . 
 she crossed the ballroom-checking her black dress brieﬂy as she walked . 
 one of elend 's companions tapped him on the shoulder , nodding toward vin . 
 elend turned , and the other two men withdrew . 
 `` why , valette , '' he said as she paused in front of him . 
 `` i arrived late . 
 i did n't even know you were here . '' 
 liar . 
 of course you knew . 
 valette would n't miss the hasting ball . 
 how to broach it ? 
 how to ask ? 
 `` you 've been avoiding me , '' she said . 
 `` now , i would n't say that . 
 i 've just been busy . 
 house issues , you know . 
 besides , i warned you that i was rude , and ... '' he trailed off . 
 `` valette ? 
 is everything all right ? '' 
 vin realized she was snifﬂing slightly , and she felt a tear on her cheek . 
 idiot ! 
 she thought , dabbing her eyes with lestibournes 's handkerchief . 
 you 'll ruin your makeup ! 
 `` valette , you 're shaking ! '' 
 elend said with concern . 
 `` here , let 's go to the balcony and get you some fresh air . '' 
 she let him lead her away from the sounds of music and chattering people , and they stepped into the quiet , dark air . 
 the balcony-one of many jutting from the top of the central hasting tower-was empty . 
 a single stone lantern stood as part of the railing , and some tastefully placed plants lined the corners . 
 mist ﬂoated in the air , prevalent as ever , though the balcony was close enough to the keep 's warmth that the mist was weak . 
 elend did n't pay any attention to it . 
 he , like most noblemen , considered fear of the mist to be a foolish skaa superstition-which , vin supposed , was right . 
 `` now , what is this about ? '' 
 elend asked . 
 `` i 'll admit , i have been ignoring you . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 you did n't deserve it , i just . . 
 well , it seemed like you were ﬁtting in so well that you did n't need a troublemaker like me being - '' `` have you ever slept with a skaa woman ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 elend paused , taken aback . 
 `` is that what this is all about ? 
 who told you this ? '' 
 `` have you ? '' 
 vin demanded . 
 elend paused . 
 lord ruler . 
 it 's true . 
 `` sit down , '' elend said , fetching her a chair . 
 `` it 's true , is n't it ? '' 
 vin said , sitting . 
 `` you 've done it . 
 he was right , you 're all monsters . '' 
 `` i. . . '' 
 he laid a hand on vin 's arm , but she pulled it away , only to feel a teardrop drip down her face and stain her dress . 
 she reached up , wiping her eyes , the handkerchief coming back colored with makeup . 
 `` it happened when i was thirteen , '' elend said quietly . 
 `` my father thought it was time that i became ' a man . ' 
 i did n't even know they were going to kill the girl afterward , valette . 
 honestly , i did n't . '' 
 `` and after that ? '' 
 she demanded , growing angry . 
 `` how many girls have you murdered , elend venture ? '' 
 `` none ! 
 never again , valette . 
 not after i found out what had happened that ﬁrst time . '' 
 `` you expect me to believe you ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' elend said . 
 `` look , i know that it 's fashionable for the women of court to label all men brutes , but you have to believe me . 
 we 're not all like that . '' 
 `` i was told that you are , '' vin said . 
 `` by whom ? 
 country nobility ? 
 valette , they do n't know us . 
 they 're jealous because we control most of the canal systems-and they might just have a right to be . 
 their envy does n't make us terrible people , however . '' 
 `` what percentage ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 `` how many noblemen do these things ? '' 
 `` maybe a third , '' elend said . 
 `` i 'm not sure . 
 they are n't the types i spend my time with . '' 
 she wanted to believe him , and that desire should have made her more skeptical . 
 but , looking into those eyes-eyes she had always found so honest-she found herself swayed . 
 for the ﬁrst time she could remember , she completely pushed aside reen 's whispers , and simply believed . 
 `` a third , '' she whispered . 
 so many . 
 but , that 's better than all of them . 
 she reached up to dab her eyes , and elend eyed her handkerchief . 
 `` who gave you that ? '' 
 he asked curiously . 
 `` a suitor , '' vin said . 
 `` is he the one who 's been telling you these things about me ? '' 
 `` no , that was another , '' vin said . 
 `` he ... said that all noblemen-or , rather , all luthadel noblemen-were terrible people . 
 he said that court women do n't even consider it cheating when their men sleep with skaa whores . '' 
 elend snorted . 
 `` your informant does n't know women very well , then . 
 i dare you to ﬁnd me one lady who is n't bothered when her husband dallies with another-skaa or noble . '' 
 vin nodded , taking a deep breath , calming herself . 
 she felt ridiculous ... but she also felt at peace . 
 elend knelt beside her chair , still obviously concerned . 
 `` so , '' she said , `` your father is one of the third ? '' 
 elend ﬂushed in the wan light , looking down . 
 `` he likes all kinds of mistresses-skaa , noble , it does n't matter to him . 
 i still think about that night , valette . 
 i wish ... i do n't know . '' 
 `` it was n't your fault , elend , '' she said . 
 `` you were just a thirteen-year-old boy who was doing what his father told him . '' 
 elend looked away , but she had already seen the anger and guilt in his eyes . 
 `` someone needs to stop these kinds of things from happening , '' he said quietly , and vin was struck by the intensity in his voice . 
 this is a man who cares , she thought . 
 a man like kelsier , or like dockson . 
 a good man . 
 why ca n't they see that ? 
 finally , elend sighed , standing and pulling over a chair for himself . 
 he sat down , elbow resting against the railing , running his hand through his messy hair . 
 `` well , '' he noted , `` you probably are n't the ﬁrst lady i 've made cry at a ball , but you are the ﬁrst one i 've made cry that i sincerely care about . 
 my gentlemanly prowess has reached new depths . '' 
 vin smiled . 
 `` it 's not you , '' she said , leaning back . 
 `` it 's just been ... a very draining few months . 
 when i found out about these things , i just could n't handle it all . '' 
 `` the corruption in luthadel needs to be dealt with , '' elend said . 
 `` the lord ruler does n't even see it-he does n't want to . '' 
 vin nodded , then she eyed elend . 
 `` why exactly have you been avoiding me lately , anyway ? '' 
 elend ﬂushed again . 
 `` i just ﬁgured you had enough new friends to keep you occupied . '' 
 `` what is that supposed to mean ? '' 
 `` i do n't like a lot of the people you 've been spending your time with , valette , '' elend said . 
 `` you 've managed to ﬁt very well into luthadel society , and i generally ﬁnd that playing politics changes people . '' 
 `` that 's easy to say , '' vin snapped . 
 `` especially when you 're at the very top of the political structure . 
 you can afford to ignore politics-some of us are n't so fortunate . '' 
 `` i suppose . '' 
 `` besides , '' vin said , `` you play politics just as well as the rest . 
 or , are you going to try and tell me that your initial interest in me was n't sparked by a desire to spite your father ? '' 
 elend held up his hands . 
 `` all right , consider me suitably chastised . 
 i was a fool and a twit . 
 it runs in the family . '' 
 vin sighed , sitting back and feeling the cool whisper of the mists on her tear-wetted cheeks . 
 elend was n't a monster ; she believed him on that count . 
 perhaps she was a fool , but kelsier was having an effect on her . 
 she was beginning to trust those around her , and there was no one she wanted to let herself trust more than elend venture . 
 and , when it was n't connected directly to elend , she found the horrors of the noble-skaa relationship easier to deal with . 
 even if a third of the noblemen were murdering skaa women , something was probably salvageable of the society . 
 the nobility would n't have to be purged-that was their tactic . 
 vin would have to make certain that sort of thing did n't happen , no matter what bloodline one had . 
 lord ruler , vin thought . 
 i 'm starting to think like the others-it 's almost like i think that we can change things . 
 she glanced across at elend , who sat with his back to the curling mists beyond . 
 he looked morose . 
 i brought out bad memories , vin thought guiltily . 
 no wonder he hates his father so much . 
 she longed to do something to make him feel better . 
 `` elend , '' she said , drawing his attention . 
 `` they 're just like us . '' 
 he paused . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` the plantation skaa , '' vin said . 
 `` you asked me about them once . 
 i was afraid , so i acted like a proper noblewoman-but you seemed disappointed when i did n't have more to say . '' 
 he leaned forward . 
 `` so , you did spend time with the skaa ? '' 
 vin nodded . 
 `` a lot of time . 
 too much , if you ask my family . 
 that might be why they sent me out here . 
 i knew some of the skaa very well-one older man , in particular . 
 he lost someone , a woman he loved , to a nobleman who wanted a pretty thing for the evening 's entertainment . '' 
 `` at your plantation ? '' 
 vin shook her head quickly . 
 `` he ran away and came to my father 's lands . '' 
 `` and you hid him ? '' 
 elend asked with surprise . 
 `` runaway skaa are supposed to be executed ! '' 
 `` i kept his secret , '' vin said . 
 `` i did n't know him for very long , but ... well , i can promise you this , elend : his love was as strong as that of any nobleman . 
 stronger than most of them here in luthadel , certainly . '' 
 `` and intelligence ? '' 
 elend asked eagerly . 
 `` did they seem ... slow ? '' 
 `` of course not , '' vin snapped . 
 `` i should think , elend venture , that i knew several skaa more clever than yourself . 
 they may not have education , but they 're still intelligent . 
 and they 're angry . '' 
 `` angry ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` some of them , '' vin said . 
 `` about the way they 're treated . '' 
 `` they know , then ? 
 about the disparities between us and them ? '' 
 `` how could they not ? '' 
 vin said , reaching up to wipe her nose with the handkerchief . 
 she paused , however , noting just how much makeup she had rubbed across it . 
 `` here , '' elend said , handing her his own handkerchief . 
 `` tell me more . 
 how do you know these things ? '' 
 `` they told me , '' vin said . 
 `` they trusted me . 
 i know that they 're angry because they would complain about their lives . 
 i know they 're intelligent because of the things they keep hidden from the nobility . '' 
 `` like what ? '' 
 `` like , the underground movement network , '' vin said . 
 `` skaa help runaways travel the canals from plantation to plantation . 
 the noblemen do n't notice because they never pay attention to skaa faces . '' 
 `` interesting . '' 
 `` plus , '' vin said , `` there are the thieving crews . 
 i ﬁgure that those skaa must be fairly clever if they 're able to hide from the obligators and the nobility , stealing from the great houses right beneath the lord ruler 's nose . '' 
 `` yes , i know , '' elend said . 
 `` i wish i could meet one of them , to ask them how they hide so well . 
 they must be fascinating people . '' 
 vin almost spoke further , but she held her tongue . 
 i 've probably said too much already . 
 elend looked over at her . 
 `` you 're fascinating too , valette . 
 i should have known better than to assume you 'd been corrupted by the rest of them . 
 perhaps you 'll be able to corrupt them instead . '' 
 vin smiled . 
 `` but , '' elend said , rising . 
 `` i need to be leaving . 
 i actually came to the party tonight for a speciﬁc purpose-some friends of mine are meeting together . '' 
 that 's right ! 
 vin thought . 
 one of the men elend met with before-the ones that kelsier and sazed thought it was strange that he would associate with-was a hasting . 
 vin stood as well , handing elend back his handkerchief . 
 he did n't take it . 
 `` you might want to keep that . 
 it was n't intended to be simply functional . '' 
 vin looked down at the handkerchief . 
 when a nobleman wants to court a lady seriously , he gives her a handkerchief . 
 `` oh ! '' 
 she said , pulling the handkerchief back . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 elend smiled , stepping close to her . 
 `` that other man , whoever he is , might have a lead on me because of my foolishness . 
 however , i am not so foolish that i would pass up the chance to give him a little competition . '' 
 he winked , bowed slightly , and walked back toward the central ballroom . 
 vin waited a moment , then walked forward and slipped through the balcony doorway . 
 elend met up with the same two as before-a lekal and a hasting , political enemies of the venture . 
 they paused for a moment , then all three walked toward a stairwell at the side of the room . 
 those stairwells only lead to one place , vin thought , slipping back into the room . 
 the auxiliary towers . 
 `` mistress valette ? '' 
 vin jumped , turning to ﬁnd sazed approaching . 
 `` are we ready to go ? '' 
 he asked . 
 vin moved over to him quickly . 
 `` lord elend venture just disappeared down that stairwell with his hasting and lekal friends . '' 
 `` interesting , '' sazed said . 
 `` and why would ... mistress , what happened to your makeup ! '' 
 `` never mind , '' vin said . 
 `` i think i should follow them . '' 
 `` is that another handkerchief , mistress ? '' 
 sazed asked . 
 `` you have been busy . '' 
 `` sazed , are you listening to me ? '' 
 `` yes , mistress . 
 i suppose you could follow them if you wish , but you would be fairly obvious . 
 i do n't know that it would be the best method of gaining information . '' 
 `` i would n't follow them overtly , '' vin said quietly . 
 `` i 'd use allomancy . 
 but , i need your permission for that . '' 
 sazed paused . 
 `` i see . 
 how is your side ? '' 
 `` it 's been healed for ages , '' vin said . 
 `` i do n't even notice it anymore . '' 
 sazed sighed . 
 `` very well . 
 master kelsier intended to begin your training in earnest again when he returned , anyway . 
 just . . 
 be careful . 
 this is a ridiculous thing to say to a mistborn , i think , but i ask anyway . '' 
 `` i will , '' vin said . 
 `` i 'll meet you on that balcony over there in an hour . '' 
 `` good luck , mistress , '' sazed said . 
 vin was already rushing back toward the balcony . 
 she stepped around the corner , then stood before the stone railing and the mists beyond . 
 the beautiful , swirling void . 
 it 's been far too long , she thought , reaching into her sleeve and pulling out a vial of metals . 
 she downed it eagerly and got out a small handful of coins . 
 then , blissfully , she hopped up onto the railing and threw herself out into the dark mists . 
 tin gave her sight as the wind ﬂapped at her dress . 
 pewter gave her strength as she turned her eyes toward the buttresslike wall running between the tower and the main keep . 
 steel gave her power as she threw a coin downward , sending it into the darkness . 
 she lurched in the air . 
 the air resistance ﬂuttered her dress , and she felt like she was trying to pull a bale of cloth behind her , but her allomancy was strong enough to deal with that . 
 elend 's tower was the next one over ; she needed to get onto the walltop walkway that ran between it and the central tower . 
 vin ﬂared steel , pushing herself up a bit higher , then ﬂung another coin into the mists behind her . 
 when it hit the wall , she used it to shoot herself forward . 
 she slammed into her target wall just a bit too low-folds of cloth cushioning the blow-but she managed to grab the lip of the walkway above . 
 an unenhanced vin would have had trouble pulling herself up onto the wall , but vin the allomancer easily scrambled over the side . 
 she crouched in her black dress , moving quietly across the walltop pathway . 
 there were no guards , but the tower ahead of her had a lit sentrypost at its base . 
 ca n't go that way , she thought , glancing upward instead . 
 the tower appeared to have several rooms , and a couple of them were lit . 
 vin dropped a coin and catapulted herself upward , then pulled against a window mounting and yanked herself over to land lightly on the stone window ledge . 
 the shutters were closed against the night , and she had to lean close , ﬂaring tin , to hear what was going on inside . '' . . 
 balls always last well into the night . 
 we 'll probably have to pull double duty . '' 
 guards , vin thought , jumping and pushing against the top of the window . 
 it rattled as she shot up the side of the tower . 
 she caught the base of the next window ledge and pulled herself up . '' . . 
 do n't regret my tardiness , '' a familiar voice said from inside . 
 elend . 
 `` she happens to be far more attractive than you are , telden . '' 
 a masculine voice laughed . 
 `` the mighty elend venture , ﬁnally captured by a pretty face . '' 
 `` she 's more than that , jastes , '' elend said . 
 `` she 's kindhearted-she helped skaa runaways on her plantation . 
 i think we should bring her in to talk with us . '' 
 `` not a chance , '' said a deep-voiced man . 
 `` look , elend , i do n't mind if you want to talk philosophy . 
 hell , i 'll even share a few drinks with you when you do . 
 but i 'm not going to let random people come join us . '' 
 `` i agree with telden , '' jastes said . 
 `` five people is enough . '' 
 `` see , now , '' elend 's voice said . 
 `` i do n't think you 're being fair . '' 
 `` elend ... '' another voice said sufferingly . 
 `` all right , '' elend said . 
 `` telden , did you read the book i gave you ? '' 
 `` i tried , '' telden said . 
 `` it 's a bit thick . '' 
 `` but it 's good , right ? '' 
 elend said . 
 `` good enough , '' telden said . 
 `` i can see why the lord ruler hates it so much . '' 
 `` redalevin 's works are better , '' jastes said . 
 `` more concise . '' 
 `` i do n't mean to be contrary , '' said a ﬁfth voice . 
 `` but , is this all we 're going to do ? 
 read ? '' 
 `` what 's wrong with reading ? '' 
 elend asked . 
 `` it 's a bit boring , '' the ﬁfth voice said . 
 good man , vin thought . 
 `` boring ? '' 
 elend asked . 
 `` gentlemen , these ideas-these words-they 're everything . 
 these men knew that they 'd be executed for their words . 
 can you not sense their passion ? '' 
 `` passion , yes , '' the ﬁfth voice said . 
 `` usefulness , no . '' 
 `` we can change the world , '' jastes said . 
 `` two of us are house heirs , the other three are second heirs . '' 
 `` someday , we 'll be the ones in charge , '' elend said . 
 `` if we put these ideas into effect-fairness , diplomacy , moderation - we can exert pressure even on the lord ruler ! '' 
 the ﬁfth voice snorted . 
 `` you might be heir to a powerful house , elend , but the rest of us are n't as important . 
 telden and jastes will probably never inherit , and kevoux-no offense-is hardly that inﬂuential . 
 we ca n't change the world . '' 
 `` we can change the way our houses work , '' elend said . 
 `` if the houses would stop squabbling , we might be able to gain some real power in the government-rather than just bow to the whims of the lord ruler . '' 
 `` every year , the nobility grows weaker , '' jastes said in agreement . 
 `` our skaa belong to the lord ruler , as does our land . 
 his obligators determine who we can marry and what we can believe . 
 our canals , even , are ofﬁcially ` his ' property . 
 ministry assassins kill men who speak out too openly , or who are too successful . 
 this is no way to live . '' 
 `` i agree with you there , '' telden said . 
 `` elend 's prattling about class imbalance seems like silliness to me , but i can see the importance of presenting a uniﬁed front before the lord ruler . '' 
 `` exactly , '' elend said . 
 `` this is what we have to - '' `` vin ! '' 
 a voice whispered . 
 vin jumped , nearly falling off the window ledge in shock . 
 she glanced around in alarm . 
 `` above you , '' the voice whispered . 
 she glanced up . 
 kelsier hung from another window ledge just above . 
 he smiled , winked , then nodded down toward the wall-walkway below . 
 vin glanced back at elend 's room as kelsier dropped through the mists beside her . 
 finally , she pushed herself off and followed kelsier down , using her same coin to slow her descent . 
 `` you 're back ! '' 
 she said eagerly as she landed . 
 `` got back this afternoon . '' 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 `` checking up on our friend in there , '' kelsier said . 
 `` does n't seem like much has changed since the last time . '' 
 `` last time ? '' 
 kelsier nodded . 
 `` i 've spied on that little group a couple of times since you told me about them . 
 i should n't have bothered-they 're not a threat . 
 just a bunch of noblelings getting together to drink and debate . '' 
 `` but , they want to overthrow the lord ruler ! '' 
 `` hardly , '' kelsier said with a snort . 
 `` they 're just doing what noblemen do-planning alliances . 
 it 's not that unusual for the next generation to start organizing their house coalitions before they come to power . '' 
 `` this is different , '' vin said . 
 `` oh ? '' 
 kelsier asked with amusement . 
 `` you 've been a noble so long that you can tell that already ? '' 
 she ﬂushed , and he laughed , putting a friendly arm around her shoulders . 
 `` oh , do n't get like that . 
 they seem like nice enough lads , for noblemen . 
 i promise not to kill any of them , all right ? '' 
 vin nodded . 
 `` perhaps we can ﬁnd a way to use them-they do seem more open-minded than most . 
 i just do n't want you to be disappointed , vin . 
 they 're still noblemen . 
 perhaps they ca n't help what they are , but that does n't change their nature . '' 
 just like dockson , vin thought . 
 kelsier assumes the worst about elend . 
 but , did she really have any reason to expect otherwise ? 
 to ﬁght a battle like kelsier and dockson were , it was probably more effective-and better for the psyche-to assume that all of their enemies were evil . 
 `` what happened to your makeup , by the way ? '' 
 kelsier asked . 
 `` i do n't want to talk about it , '' vin said , thinking back to her conversation with elend . 
 why did i have to cry ? 
 i 'm such an idiot ! 
 and , the way i blurted out that question about him sleeping with skaa . 
 kelsier shrugged . 
 `` okay , then . 
 we should get going-i doubt young venture and his comrades will discuss anything relevant . '' 
 vin paused . 
 `` i 've listened to them on three separate occasions , vin , '' kelsier said . 
 `` i 'll summarize for you , if you want . '' 
 `` all right , '' she said with a sigh . 
 `` but i told sazed i 'd meet him back up at the party . '' 
 `` off you go , then , '' kelsier said . 
 `` i promise not to tell him you were sneaking around and using allomancy . '' 
 `` he told me i could , '' vin said defensively . 
 `` he did ? '' 
 vin nodded . 
 `` my mistake , '' kelsier said . 
 `` you should probably have saze fetch you a cloak before you leave the party-you 've got ash all over the front of your dress . 
 i 'll meet you back at clubs 's shop-have the carriage drop you and sazed off there , then continue on out of the city . 
 that 'll keep up appearances . '' 
 vin nodded again , and kelsier winked and jumped off the wall into the mists . 
 in the end , i must trust in myself . 
 i have seen men who have beaten from themselves the ability to recognize truth and goodness , and i do not think i am one of them . 
 i can still see the tears in a young child 's eyes and feel pain at his suffering . 
 if i ever lose this , then i will know that i 've passed beyond hope of redemption . 
 24 kelsier was already at the shop when vin and sazed arrived . 
 he sat with ham , clubs , and spook in the kitchen , enjoying a late-night drink . 
 `` ham ! '' 
 vin said eagerly as she came in the back door . 
 `` you 're back ! '' 
 `` yup , '' he said happily , raising his cup . 
 `` it seems like you 've been gone forever ! '' 
 `` you 're telling me , '' ham said , his voice earnest . 
 kelsier chuckled , rising to reﬁll his drink . 
 `` ham 's a bit tired of playing general . '' 
 `` i had to wear a uniform , '' ham complained , stretching . 
 he now wore his customary vest and trousers . 
 `` even plantation skaa do n't have to deal with that kind of torture . '' 
 `` try wearing a formal gown sometime , '' vin said , seating herself . 
 she 'd brushed off the front of her dress , and it did n't look half as bad as she 'd feared . 
 the blackish gray ash still showed up a bit against the dark fabric , and the ﬁbers were rough where she 'd rubbed against stone , but both were barely noticeable . 
 ham laughed . 
 `` it seems that you 've turned into a proper young lady while i was gone . '' 
 `` hardly , '' vin said as kelsier handed her a cup of wine . 
 she paused brieﬂy , then took a sip . 
 `` mistress vin is being modest , master hammond , '' sazed said , taking a seat . 
 `` she 's growing quite proﬁcient at courtly arts-better than many actual nobles that i have known . '' 
 vin ﬂushed , and ham laughed again . 
 `` humility , vin ? 
 where 'd you ever learn a bad habit like that ? '' 
 `` not from me , certainly , '' kelsier said , offering sazed a cup of wine . 
 the terrisman raised his hand in a respectful refusal . 
 `` of course she did n't get it from you , kell , '' ham said . 
 `` maybe spook taught her . 
 he seems to be the only one in this crew who knows how to keep his mouth shut , eh , kid ? '' 
 spook ﬂushed , obviously trying to avoid looking at vin . 
 i 'll have to deal with him sometime , she thought . 
 but ... not tonight . 
 kelsier 's back and elend 's not a murderer-this is a night to relax . 
 footsteps sounded on the stairs , and a moment later dockson strolled into the room . 
 `` a party ? 
 and no one sent for me ? '' 
 `` you seemed busy , '' kelsier said . 
 `` besides , '' ham added , `` we know you 're too responsible to sit around and get drunk with a bunch of miscreants like us . '' 
 `` someone has to keep this crew running , '' dockson said lightheartedly , pouring himself a drink . 
 he paused , frowning at ham . 
 `` that vest looks familiar ... '' ham smiled . 
 `` i ripped the arms off of my uniform coat . '' 
 `` you did n't ! '' 
 vin said with a smile . 
 ham nodded , looking self-satisﬁed . 
 dockson sighed , continuing to ﬁll his cup . 
 `` ham , those things cost money . '' 
 `` everything costs money , '' ham said . 
 `` but , what is money ? 
 a physical representation of the abstract concept of effort . 
 well , wearing that uniform for so long was a pretty mean effort . 
 i 'd say that this vest and i are even now . '' 
 dockson just rolled his eyes . 
 in the main room , the shop 's front door opened and closed , and vin heard breeze bid hello to the apprentice on watch . 
 `` by the way , dox , '' kelsier said , leaning with his back against a cupboard . 
 `` i 'm going to need a few ` physical representations of the concept of effort ' myself . 
 i 'd like to rent a small warehouse to conduct some of my informant meetings . '' 
 `` that can probably be arranged , '' dockson said . 
 `` assuming we keep vin 's wardrobe budget under control , i - '' he broke off , glancing at vin . 
 `` what did you do to that gown , young lady ! '' 
 vin ﬂushed , scrunching down in her chair . 
 perhaps it 's a bit more noticeable than i thought ... kelsier chuckled . 
 `` you may have to get used to dirtied clothing , dox . 
 vin 's back on mistborn duty as of this evening . '' 
 `` interesting , '' breeze said , entering the kitchen . 
 `` might i suggest that she avoid ﬁghting three steel inquisitors at once this time ? '' 
 `` i 'll do my best , '' vin said . 
 breeze strolled over to the table and chose a seat with his characteristic decorum . 
 the portly man raised his dueling cane , pointing it at ham . 
 `` i see that my period of intellectual respite has come to an end . '' 
 ham smiled . 
 `` i thought up a couple beastly questions while i was gone , and i 've been saving them just for you , breeze . '' 
 `` i 'm dying of anticipation , '' breeze said . 
 he turned his cane toward lestibournes . 
 `` spook , drink . '' 
 spook rushed over and fetched breeze a cup of wine . 
 `` he 's such a ﬁne lad , '' breeze noted , accepting the drink . 
 `` i barely even have to nudge him allomantically . 
 if only the rest of you rufﬁans were so accommodating . '' 
 spook frowned . 
 `` niceing the not on the playing without . '' 
 `` i have no idea what you just said , child , '' breeze said . 
 `` so i 'm simply going to pretend it was coherent , then move on . '' 
 kelsier rolled his eyes . 
 `` losing the stress on the nip , '' he said . 
 `` notting without the needing of care . '' 
 `` riding the rile of the rids to the right , '' spook said with a nod . 
 `` what are you two babbling about ? '' 
 breeze said testily . 
 `` wasing the was of brightness , '' spook said . 
 `` nip the having of wishing of this . '' 
 `` ever wasing the doing of this , '' kelsier agreed . 
 `` ever wasing the wish of having the have , '' ham added with a smile . 
 `` brighting the wish of wasing the not . '' 
 breeze turned to dockson with exasperation . 
 `` i believe our companions have ﬁnally lost their minds , dear friend . '' 
 dockson shrugged . 
 then , with a perfectly straight face , he said , `` wasing not of wasing is . '' 
 breeze sat , dumbfounded , and the room burst into laughter . 
 breeze rolled his eyes indignantly , shaking his head and muttering about the crew 's gross childishness . 
 vin nearly choked on her wine as she laughed . 
 `` what did you even say ? '' 
 she asked of dockson as he sat down beside her . 
 `` i 'm not sure , '' he confessed . 
 `` it just sounded right . '' 
 `` i do n't think you said anything , dox , '' kelsier said . 
 `` oh , he said something , '' spook said . 
 `` it just did n't mean anything . '' 
 kelsier laughed . 
 `` that 's true pretty much all the time . 
 i 've found you can ignore half of what dox tells you and not miss much-except for maybe the occasional complaint that you 're spending too much . '' 
 `` hey ! '' 
 dockson said . 
 `` once again , must i point out that someone has to be responsible ? 
 honestly , the way you people go through boxings ... '' vin smiled . 
 even dockson 's complaints seemed good-natured . 
 clubs sat quietly by the side wall , looking as curmudgeonly as ever , but vin caught sight of a slight smile on his lips . 
 kelsier rose and opened another bottle of wine , reﬁlling cups as he told the crew about the skaa army 's preparations . 
 vin felt ... contented . 
 as she sipped at her wine , she caught sight of the open doorway leading into the darkened workshop . 
 she imagined , just for a moment , that she could see a ﬁgure out in the shadows-a frightened wisp of a girl , untrusting , suspicious . 
 the girl 's hair was ragged and short , and she wore a simple , untucked dirty shirt and a pair of brown trousers . 
 vin remembered that second night in clubs 's shop , when she had stood out in the dark workroom , watching the others share late-night conversation . 
 had she really been that girl - one who would hide in the cold darkness , watching the laughter and friendship with a hidden envy , but never daring to join it ? 
 kelsier made some particularly witty comment , drawing laughter from the entire room . 
 you 're right , kelsier , vin thought with a smile . 
 this is better . 
 she was n't like them yet-not completely . 
 six months could n't silence reen 's whispers , and she could n't see herself ever being as trusting as kelsier was . 
 but . . 
 she could ﬁnally understand , at least a little bit , why he worked the way he did . 
 `` all right , '' kelsier said , pulling over a chair and sitting on it the wrong way . 
 `` it looks like the army will be ready on schedule , and marsh is in place . 
 we need to get this plan moving . 
 vin , news from the ball ? '' 
 `` house tekiel is vulnerable , '' she said . 
 `` its allies are scattering , and the vultures are moving in . 
 some whisper that debts and lost business will force the tekiel to sell off their keep by the end of the month . 
 there 's no way they can afford to continue paying the lord ruler 's keep tax . '' 
 `` which effectively eliminates one entire great house from the city , '' dockson said . 
 `` most of the tekiel nobility - including mistings and mistborn-will have to move to outer plantations to try and recoup losses . '' 
 `` nice , '' ham noted . 
 any noble houses they could frighten out of the city would make seizing it that much easier . 
 `` that still leaves nine great houses in the city , '' breeze noted . 
 `` but they 've started killing each other at night , '' kelsier said . 
 `` that 's only one step away from open war . 
 i suspect we 'll see an exodus start here pretty soon-anyone who is n't willing to risk assassination to maintain dominance in luthadel will leave town for a couple of years . '' 
 `` the strong houses do n't seem very afraid , though , '' vin said . 
 `` they 're still throwing balls , anyway . '' 
 `` oh , they 'll keep doing that right up until the end , '' kelsier said . 
 `` balls make great excuses to meet with allies and keep an eye on enemies . 
 house wars are primarily political , and so they demand political battleﬁelds . '' 
 vin nodded . 
 `` ham , '' kelsier said , `` we need to keep an eye on the luthadel garrison . 
 you 're still planning to visit your soldier contacts tomorrow ? '' 
 ham nodded . 
 `` i ca n't promise anything , but i should be able to reestablish some connections . 
 give me a bit of time , and i 'll ﬁnd out what the military is up to . '' 
 `` good , '' kelsier said . 
 `` i 'd like to go with him , '' vin said . 
 kelsier paused . 
 `` with ham ? '' 
 vin nodded . 
 `` i have n't trained with a thug yet . 
 ham could probably show me a few things . '' 
 `` you already know how to burn pewter , '' kelsier said . 
 `` we 've practiced that . '' 
 `` i know , '' vin said . 
 how could she explain ? 
 ham had practiced with pewter exclusively-he was bound to be better at it than kelsier . 
 `` oh , stop pestering the child , '' breeze said . 
 `` she 's probably just tired of balls and parties . 
 let her go be a normal street urchin again for a bit . '' 
 `` fine , '' kelsier said , rolling his eyes . 
 he poured himself another drink . 
 `` breeze , how well could your soothers manage if you were gone for a little while ? '' 
 breeze shrugged . 
 `` i am , of course , the most effective member of the team . 
 but , i did train the others-they 'll recruit effectively without me , especially now that stories about the survivor are getting so popular . '' 
 `` we need to talk about that by the way , kell , '' dockson said , frowning . 
 `` i 'm not sure if i like all this mysticism about you and the eleventh metal . '' 
 `` we can discuss it later , '' kelsier said . 
 `` why ask about my men ? '' 
 breeze said . 
 `` have you ﬁnally grown so jealous of my impeccable fashion sense that you 've decided to have me disposed of ? '' 
 `` you might say that , '' kelsier said . 
 `` i was thinking of sending you to replace yeden in a few months . '' 
 `` replace yeden ? '' 
 breeze asked with surprise . 
 `` you mean for me to lead the army ? '' 
 `` why not ? '' 
 kelsier asked . 
 `` you 're great at giving orders . '' 
 `` from the background , my dear man , '' breeze said . 
 `` i do n't stand out in front . 
 why , i 'd be a general . 
 do you have any idea how ludicrous that sounds ? '' 
 `` just consider it , '' kelsier said . 
 `` our recruitment should be mostly done by then , so you might be most effective if you were to go to the caves and let yeden come back to prepare his contacts here . '' 
 breeze frowned . 
 `` i suppose . '' 
 `` regardless , '' kelsier said , rising . 
 `` i do n't think i 've had nearly enough wine . 
 spook , be a good lad and run down to the cellar for another bottle , eh ? '' 
 the boy nodded , and the conversation turned back to lighter topics . 
 vin settled back in her chair , feeling the warmth of the coal stove at the side of the room , content for the moment to simply enjoy the peace of not having to worry , ﬁght , or plan . 
 if only reen could have known something like this , she thought , idly ﬁngering her earring . 
 perhaps then , things would have been different for him . 
 for us . 
 ham and vin left the next day to visit the luthadel garrison . 
 after so many months of playing a noblewoman , vin had thought that it would feel strange to wear street clothing again . 
 yet , it really did n't . 
 true , it was a bit different-she did n't have to worry about sitting properly or walking so that her dress did n't brush against dirty walls or ﬂoors . 
 yet , the mundane clothing still felt natural to her . 
 she wore a simple pair of brown trousers and a loose white shirt , tucked in at the waist , then overlaid by a leather vest . 
 her still lengthening hair was pulled up under a cap . 
 casual passersby might think her a boy , though ham did n't seem to think it mattered . 
 and it really did n't . 
 vin had grown accustomed to having people study and evaluate her , but no one on the street even bothered to give her a glance . 
 shufﬂing skaa workers , unconcerned low noblemen , even high-placed skaa like clubs - they all ignored her . 
 i 'd almost forgotten what it was like to be invisible , vin thought . 
 fortunately , the old attitudes-looking down when she walked , stepping out of people 's way , slouching to make herself inconspicuous-returned to her easily . 
 becoming vin the street skaa felt as simple as remembering an old , familiar melody she used to hum . 
 this really is just another disguise , vin thought as she walked beside ham . 
 my makeup is a light coat of ash , carefully rubbed on my cheeks . 
 my gown is a pair of trousers , rubbed to make them seem old and well used . 
 who , then , was she really ? 
 vin the urchin ? 
 valette the lady ? 
 neither ? 
 did any of her friends really know her ? 
 did she even really know herself ? 
 `` ah , i 've missed this place , '' ham said , walking happily beside her . 
 ham always seemed happy ; she could n't imagine him dissatisﬁed , despite what he 'd said about his time leading the army . 
 `` it 's kind of strange , '' he said , turning to vin . 
 he did n't walk with the same careful air of despondence that vin had cultivated ; he did n't even seem to care that he stood out from other skaa . 
 `` i probably should n't miss this place-i mean , luthadel is the dirtiest , most crowded city in the final empire . 
 but , there 's also something about it ... '' `` is this where your family lives ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 ham shook his head . 
 `` they live in a smaller city outside of town . 
 my wife is a seamstress there ; she tells people i 'm in the luthadel garrison . '' 
 `` do n't you miss them ? '' 
 `` of course i do , '' ham said . 
 `` it 's hard-i only get to spend a few months at a time with them-but it 's better this way . 
 if i were to get killed on a job , the inquisitors would have a tough time tracking my family . 
 i have n't even told kell which city they live in . '' 
 `` you think the ministry would go to that much trouble ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 `` i mean , you 'd already be dead . '' 
 `` i 'm a misting , vin-that means that all of my descendants will have some noble blood . 
 my children might turn out to be allomancers , as might their children . 
 no , when the inquisitors kill a misting , they make certain to wipe out his children too . 
 the only way to keep my family safe is to stay away from them . '' 
 `` you could just not use your allomancy , '' vin said . 
 ham shook his head . 
 `` i do n't know if i could do that . '' 
 `` because of the power ? '' 
 `` no , because of the money , '' ham said frankly . 
 `` thugs-or , pewterarms , as the nobility prefer to call them-are the most sought-after mistings . 
 a competent thug can stand against a half-dozen regular men , and he can lift more , endure more , and move faster than any other hired muscle . 
 those things mean a lot when you have to keep your crews small . 
 mix a couple of coinshots with ﬁve or so thugs , and you 've got yourself a small , mobile army . 
 men will pay a lot for protection like that . '' 
 vin nodded . 
 `` i can see how the money would be tempting . '' 
 `` it 's more than tempting , vin . 
 my family does n't have to live in packed skaa tenements , nor do they have to worry about starving . 
 my wife only works to keep up appearances-they have a good life , for skaa . 
 once i have enough , we 'll move away from the central dominance . 
 there are places in the final empire that a lot of people do n't know about-places where a man with enough money can live the life of a nobleman . 
 places where you can stop worrying and just live . '' 
 `` that sounds ... appealing . '' 
 ham nodded , turning and leading them down a larger thoroughfare toward the main city gates . 
 `` i got the dream from kell , actually . 
 that 's what he always said he wanted to do . 
 i just hope i have more luck than he did ... '' vin frowned . 
 `` everyone says he was rich . 
 why did n't he leave ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' ham said . 
 `` there was always another job-each one bigger than the last . 
 i guess when you 're a crewleader like him , the game can get addicting . 
 soon , money did n't even seem to matter to him . 
 eventually , he heard that the lord ruler was storing some incalculable secret in that hidden sanctum of his . 
 if he and mare had walked away before that job ... but , well , they did n't . 
 i do n't know-maybe they would n't have been happy living lives where they did n't have to worry . '' 
 the concept seemed to intrigue him , and vin could see another of his `` questions '' working within his mind . 
 i guess when you 're a crewleader like him , the game can get addicting ... her earlier apprehensions returned . 
 what would happen if kelsier seized the imperial throne for himself ? 
 he could n't possibly be as bad as the lord ruler , but . . 
 she was reading more and more of the logbook . 
 the lord ruler had n't always been a tyrant . 
 he 'd been a good man , once . 
 a good man whose life had gone wrong . 
 kelsier 's different , vin told herself forcefully . 
 he 'll do the right thing . 
 still , she wondered . 
 ham might not understand , but vin could see the enticement . 
 despite noble depravity , there was something intoxicating about high society . 
 vin was captivated by the beauty , the music , and the dancing . 
 her fascination was n't the same as kelsier 's - she was n't as interested in political games or even scams-but she could understand why he would have been reluctant to leave luthadel behind . 
 that reluctance had destroyed the old kelsier . 
 but , it had produced something better-a more determined , less self-serving kelsier . 
 hopefully . 
 of course , his plans before also cost him the woman he loved . 
 is that why he hates the nobility so much ? 
 `` ham ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` has kelsier always hated the nobility ? '' 
 ham nodded . 
 `` it 's worse now , though . '' 
 `` he frightens me sometimes . 
 it seems like he wants to kill all of them , no matter who they are . '' 
 `` i 'm concerned about him too , '' ham said . 
 `` this eleventh metal business ... it 's almost like he 's making himself out to be some kind of holy man . '' 
 he paused , then he looked toward her . 
 `` do n't worry too much . 
 breeze , dox , and i have already talked about this . 
 we 're going to confront kell , see if we can rein him in a bit . 
 he means well , but he has a tendency to go a little overboard sometimes . '' 
 vin nodded . 
 ahead , the customary crowded lines of people waited for permission to pass through the city gates . 
 she and ham walked quietly past the solemn group-workers being sent out to the docks , men off to work one of the outer mills alongside the river or lake , lesser noblemen wishing to travel . 
 all had to have a good reason to leave the city ; the lord ruler strictly controlled travel inside his realm . 
 poor things , vin thought as she passed a ragged band of children carrying pails and brushes-probably on duty to climb the wall and scrub mist-grown lichen off the parapets . 
 ahead , up near the gates , an ofﬁcial cursed and shoved a man out of the line . 
 the skaa worker fell hard , but eventually picked himself back up and shufﬂed to the end of the line . 
 it was likely that if he was n't let out of the city , he would n't be able to do his day 's work-and no work meant no food tokens for his family . 
 vin followed ham past the gates , heading down a street parallel to the city wall , at the end of which vin could see a large building complex . 
 vin had never studied the garrison headquarters before ; most crewmembers tended to stay a good distance away from it . 
 however , as they approached , she was impressed by its defensive appearance . 
 large spikes were mounted on the wall that ran around the entire complex . 
 the buildings within were bulky and fortiﬁed . 
 soldiers stood at the gates , eyeing passersby with hostility . 
 vin paused . 
 `` ham , how are we going to get in there ? '' 
 `` do n't worry , '' he said , stopping beside her . 
 `` i 'm known to the garrison . 
 besides , it 's not as bad as it looks-the garrison members just put on an intimidating face . 
 as you can imagine , they are n't very well liked . 
 most of the soldiers in there are skaa-men who have , in exchange for a better life , sold out to the lord ruler . 
 whenever there are skaa riots in a city , the local garrison is usually hit pretty hard by malcontents . 
 hence the fortiﬁcations . '' 
 `` so ... you know these men ? '' 
 ham nodded . 
 `` i 'm not like breeze or kell , vin-i ca n't put on faces and pretend . 
 i 'm just who i am . 
 those soldiers do n't know i 'm a misting , but they know i work in the underground . 
 i 've known many of these guys for years ; they 've consistently tried to recruit me . 
 they generally have better luck getting people like me , who are already outside mainstream society , to join their ranks . '' 
 `` but , you 're going to betray them , '' vin said quietly , pulling ham to the side of the road . 
 `` betray ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` no , it wo n't be a betrayal . 
 those men are mercenaries , vin . 
 they 've been hired to ﬁght , and they 'll attack friends-even relatives-in a riot or rebellion . 
 soldiers learn to understand these kinds of things . 
 we may be friends , but when it comes to ﬁghting , none of us would hesitate to kill the others . '' 
 vin nodded slowly . 
 it seemed ... harsh . 
 but , that 's what life is . 
 harsh . 
 that part of reen 's teaching was n't a lie . 
 `` poor lads , '' ham said , looking at the garrison . 
 `` we could have used men like them . 
 before i left for the caves , i managed to recruit the few that i thought would be receptive . 
 the rest ... well , they picked their path . 
 like me , they 're just trying to give their kids a better life-the difference is , they 're willing to work for him in order to do it . '' 
 ham turned back to her . 
 `` all right , you wanted some tips on burning pewter ? '' 
 vin nodded eagerly . 
 `` the soldiers usually let me spar with them , '' ham said . 
 `` you can watch me ﬁght-burn bronze to see when i 'm using allomancy . 
 the ﬁrst , most important thing you 'll learn about pewterarming is when to use your metal . 
 i 've noticed that young allomancers tend to always ﬂare their pewter , thinking that the stronger they are , the better . 
 however , you do n't always want to hit as hard as you can with each blow . 
 `` strength is a big part of ﬁghting , but it 's not the only part . 
 if you always hit your hardest , you 'll tire faster and you 'll give your opponent information about your limitations . 
 a smart man hits his hardest at the end of a battle , when his opponent is weakest . 
 and , in an extended battle-like a war - the smart soldier is the one who survives the longest . 
 he 'll be the man who paces himself . '' 
 vin nodded . 
 `` but , do n't you tire slower when you 're using allomancy ? '' 
 `` yes , '' ham said . 
 `` in fact , a man with enough pewter can keep ﬁghting at near-peak efﬁciency for hours . 
 but pewter dragging like that takes practice , and you 'll run out of metals eventually . 
 when you do , the fatigue could kill you . 
 `` anyway , what i 'm trying to explain is that it 's usually best to vary your pewter burning . 
 if you use more strength than you need , you could knock yourself off balance . 
 also , i 've seen thugs who rely on their pewter so much that they disregard training and practice . 
 pewter enhances your physical abilities , but not your innate skill . 
 if you do n't know how to use a weapon-or if you are n't practiced at thinking quickly in a ﬁght-you 'll lose no matter how strong you are . 
 `` i 'll have to be extra careful with the garrison , since i do n't want them to know i 'm an allomancer . 
 you 'll be surprised at how often that 's important . 
 watch how i use pewter . 
 i wo n't just ﬂare it for strength-if i stumble , i 'll burn it to give me an instant sense of balance . 
 when i dodge , i might burn it to help me duck out of the way a little faster . 
 there are dozens of little tricks you can do if you know when to give yourself a boost . '' 
 vin nodded . 
 `` okay , '' ham said . 
 `` let 's go , then . 
 i 'll tell the garrisoners that you 're the daughter of a relative . 
 you look young enough for your age that they wo n't even think twice . 
 watch me ﬁght , and we 'll talk afterward . '' 
 vin nodded again , and the two of them approached the garrison . 
 ham waved to one of the guards . 
 `` hey , bevidon . 
 i 've got the day off . 
 is sertes around ? '' 
 `` he 's here , ham , '' bevidon said . 
 `` but i do n't know that this is the best day for sparring ... '' ham raised an eyebrow . 
 `` oh ? '' 
 bevidon shared a glance with one of the other soldiers . 
 `` go fetch the captain , '' he said to the man . 
 a few moments later , a busy-looking soldier approached from a side building , waving as soon as he saw ham . 
 his uniform bore a few extra stripes of color and a few gold-colored bits of metal on the shoulder . 
 `` ham , '' the newcomer said , stepping through the gate . 
 `` sertes , '' ham said with a smile , clasping hands with the man . 
 `` captain now , eh ? '' 
 `` happened last month , '' sertes said with a nod . 
 he paused , then eyed vin . 
 `` she 's my niece , '' ham said . 
 `` good lass . '' 
 sertes nodded . 
 `` could we speak alone for a moment , ham ? '' 
 ham shrugged and let himself get pulled to a more secluded place beside the complex gates . 
 vin 's allomancy let her make out what they were saying . 
 what did i ever do without tin ? 
 `` look , ham , '' sertes said . 
 `` you wo n't be able to come spar for a while . 
 the garrison is going to be ... occupied . '' 
 `` occupied ? '' 
 ham asked . 
 `` how ? '' 
 `` i ca n't say , '' sertes said . 
 `` but ... well , we could really use a soldier like you right now . '' 
 `` fighting ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` must be something serious if it 's taking the attention of the entire garrison . '' 
 sertes grew quiet for a moment , and then he spoke again in a hushed tone-so quiet that vin had to strain to hear . 
 `` a rebellion , '' sertes whispered , `` right here in the central dominance . 
 we just got word . 
 an army of skaa rebels appeared and attacked the holstep garrison to the north . '' 
 vin felt a sudden chill . 
 `` what ? '' 
 ham said . 
 `` they must have come from the caves up there , '' the soldier said . 
 `` last word was that the holstep fortiﬁcations are holding-but ham , they 're only a thousand men strong . 
 they need reinforcements desperately , and the koloss will never get there in time . 
 the valtroux garrison sent ﬁve thousand soldiers , but we 're not going to leave it to them . 
 this is apparently a very big force of rebels , and the lord ruler gave us permission to go help . '' 
 ham nodded . 
 `` so , what about it ? '' 
 sertes asked . 
 `` real ﬁghting , ham . 
 real battle pay . 
 we could really use a man of your skill-i 'll make you an ofﬁcer right off , give you your own squad . '' 
 `` i. . . 
 i 'll have to think about it , '' ham said . 
 he was n't good at hiding his emotions , and his surprise sounded suspicious to vin . 
 sertes , however , did n't appear to notice . 
 `` do n't take too long , '' sertes said . 
 `` we plan to march out in two hours . '' 
 `` i 'll do it , '' ham said , sounding stunned . 
 `` let me go drop off my niece and get some things . 
 i 'll be back before you leave . '' 
 `` good man , '' sertes said , and vin could see him clap ham on the shoulder . 
 our army is exposed , vin thought in horror . 
 they 're not ready ! 
 they were supposed to take luthadel quietly , quickly - not face the garrison straight out . 
 those men are going to get massacred ! 
 what happened ? 
 no man dies by my hand or command except that i wish there had been another way . 
 still , i kill them . 
 sometimes , i wish that i were n't such a cursed realist . 
 25 kelsier tossed another water jug into his pack . 
 `` breeze , make a list of all the hideouts where you and i recruited . 
 go warn them that the ministry might soon have prisoners who could give them away . '' 
 breeze nodded , for once refraining from making any witty remarks . 
 behind him , apprentices scrambled through clubs 's shop , gathering and preparing the supplies that kelsier had ordered . 
 `` dox , this shop should be secure unless they capture yeden . 
 keep all three of clubs 's tineyes on watch . 
 if there 's trouble , head for the bolt-lair . '' 
 dockson nodded in acknowledgment as he hurriedly gave orders to the apprentices . 
 one had already left , bearing a warning to renoux . 
 kelsier thought that the mansion would be safe-only that one group of barges had left from fellise , and its men had thought that renoux was n't in on the plan . 
 renoux would n't pull out unless absolutely necessary ; his disappearance would require removing both himself and valette from their carefully prepared positions . 
 kelsier stuffed a handful of rations into his pack , then swung it onto his back . 
 `` what about me , kell ? '' 
 ham asked . 
 `` you 're going back to the garrison , like you promised . 
 that was clever thinking-we need an informant in there . '' 
 ham frowned apprehensively . 
 `` i do n't have time to deal with your nerves right now , ham , '' kelsier said . 
 `` you do n't have to scam , just be yourself and listen . '' 
 `` i wo n't turn against the garrison if i go with them , '' he said . 
 `` i 'll listen , but i 'm not going to attack men who think i 'm their ally . '' 
 `` fine , '' kelsier said curtly . 
 `` but i sincerely hope you can ﬁnd a way not to kill any of our soldiers , either . 
 sazed ! '' 
 `` yes , master kelsier ? '' 
 `` how much speed do you have stored up ? '' 
 sazed ﬂushed slightly , glancing at the numerous people scurrying around . 
 `` perhaps two , three hours . 
 it is a very difﬁcult attribute to collect . '' 
 `` not long enough , '' kelsier said . 
 `` i 'll go alone . 
 dox is in charge until i get back . '' 
 kelsier spun , then paused . 
 vin stood behind him in the same trousers , cap , and shirt she had worn to the garrison . 
 she had a pack like his slung over her shoulder , and she looked up at him deﬁantly . 
 `` this is going to be a difﬁcult trip , vin , '' he said . 
 `` you 've never done anything like this before . '' 
 `` that 's ﬁne . '' 
 kelsier nodded . 
 he pulled his trunk out from beneath the table , then opened it and poured vin a small pouch of pewter beads . 
 she accepted it without comment . 
 `` swallow ﬁve of those beads . '' 
 `` five ? '' 
 `` for now , '' kelsier said . 
 `` if you need to take some more , call to me so we can stop running . '' 
 `` running ? '' 
 the girl asked . 
 `` we 're not taking a canal boat ? '' 
 kelsier frowned . 
 `` why would we need a boat ? '' 
 vin glanced down at the pouch , then grabbed a cup of water and began to swallow beads . 
 `` make sure you have enough water in that pack , '' kelsier said . 
 `` take as much as you can carry . '' 
 he left her , walking over to lay a hand on dockson 's shoulder . 
 `` it 's about three hours before sunset . 
 if we push hard , we can be there by noon tomorrow . '' 
 dockson nodded . 
 `` that might be early enough . '' 
 maybe , kelsier thought . 
 the valtroux garrison is only three days ' march from holstep . 
 even riding all night , a messenger could n't have gotten to luthadel in under two days . 
 by the time i get to the army ... dockson could obviously read the worry in kelsier 's eyes . 
 `` either way , the army is useless to us now , '' he said . 
 `` i know , '' kelsier said . 
 `` this is just about saving those men 's lives . 
 i 'll get word to you as soon as i can . '' 
 dockson nodded . 
 kelsier turned , ﬂaring his pewter . 
 his pack suddenly became as light as if it had been empty . 
 `` burn your pewter , vin . 
 we 're leaving . '' 
 she nodded , and kelsier felt a pulsing come from her . 
 `` flare it , '' he ordered , pulling two mistcloaks from his trunk and tossing one to her . 
 he put on the other , then walked forward , throwing open the back door to the kitchen . 
 the red sun was bright overhead . 
 frantic crewmembers paused for a moment , turning to watch as kelsier and vin left the building . 
 the girl hurried forward to walk at kelsier 's side . 
 `` ham told me that i should learn to use pewter only when i need it-he said it 's better to be subtle . '' 
 kelsier turned to face the girl . 
 `` this is not a time for subtlety . 
 stay close to me , try to keep up , and make absolutely certain you do n't run out of pewter . '' 
 vin nodded , suddenly looking a bit apprehensive . 
 `` all right , '' kelsier said , taking a deep breath . 
 `` let 's go . '' 
 kelsier took off down the alleyway in a superhuman dash . 
 vin jumped into motion , following him out of the alley and onto the street . 
 pewter was a blazing ﬁre within her . 
 flared as it was , she would probably go through all ﬁve beads in barely an hour . 
 the street was busy with skaa workers and noble carriages . 
 kelsier ignored the trafﬁc , bolting out into the very center of the street , maintaining his ridiculous speed . 
 vin followed , growing increasingly worried about what she had gotten herself into . 
 i ca n't let him go alone , she thought . 
 of course , the last time she 'd forced kelsier to take her with him , she 'd ended up half dead in a sickbed for a month . 
 kelsier wove between carriages , brushing past pedestrians , charging down the street as if it were meant only for him . 
 vin followed as best as she could , the ground a blur beneath her feet , people passing too quickly to see their faces . 
 some of them called out after her , their voices annoyed . 
 a couple of these , however , choked off immediately , falling silent . 
 the cloaks , vin thought . 
 that 's why we 're wearing them - that 's why we always wear them . 
 noblemen who see the mist-cloaks will know to stay out of our way . 
 kelsier turned , running directly toward the northern city gates . 
 vin followed . 
 kelsier did n't slow as he approached the gates , and the lines of people began to point . 
 checkpoint guards turned with surprised faces . 
 kelsier jumped . 
 one of the armored guards crumpled to the ground with a cry , smashed down by kelsier 's allomantic weight as the crewleader passed overhead . 
 vin took a breath , dropped a coin to give herself a bit of lift , and jumped . 
 she easily cleared a second guard , who looked up with surprise as his companion squirmed on the ground . 
 vin pushed against the soldier 's armor , throwing herself higher into the air . 
 the man staggered , but stayed on his feet-vin was nowhere near as heavy as kelsier . 
 she shot over the wall , hearing cries of surprise from the soldiers on top of it . 
 she could only hope that nobody recognized her . 
 it was n't likely . 
 though her cap ﬂew free as she soared through the air , those who were familiar with valette the courtgoing lady would probably never connect her to a mistborn in dirty trousers . 
 vin 's cloak whipped angrily in the passing air . 
 kelsier completed his arc before her and began to descend , and vin soon followed . 
 it felt very strange to use allomancy in the sunlight . 
 unnatural , even . 
 vin made the mistake of looking down as she fell . 
 instead of comfortable swirling mists , she saw the ground far below . 
 so high ! 
 vin thought with horror . 
 fortunately , she was n't too disoriented to push against the coin kelsier had used to land . 
 she slowed her descent to a manageable level before thumping against the ashen earth . 
 kelsier immediately took off down the highway . 
 vin followed him , ignoring merchants and travelers . 
 now that they were out of the city , she had thought kelsier might slow down . 
 he did n't . 
 he sped up . 
 and , suddenly , she understood . 
 kelsier did n't intend to walk , or even jog , to the caves . 
 he planned to dash all the way there . 
 it was a two-week trip by canal . 
 how long would it take them ? 
 they were moving fast , horribly fast . 
 slower than a galloping horse , certainly , but surely a horse could n't maintain such a gallop for very long . 
 vin did n't feel fatigue as she ran . 
 she relied on the pewter , only passing a little of the strain onto her body . 
 she could barely feel her footsteps hitting the ground beneath her , and with such a large reserve of pewter , she felt that she could maintain the speed for a decent length of time . 
 she caught up to kelsier , falling into place beside him . 
 `` this is easier than i thought it would be . '' 
 `` pewter enhances your balance , '' kelsier said . 
 `` otherwise you 'd be tripping over yourself right now . '' 
 `` what do you think we 'll ﬁnd ? 
 at the caves , i mean . '' 
 kelsier shook his head . 
 `` no use talking . 
 save your strength . '' 
 `` but , i 'm not feeling weary at all ! '' 
 `` we 'll see what you say in sixteen hours , '' kelsier said , speeding up even more as they turned off the highway , running onto the wide towpath beside the luth-davn canal . 
 sixteen hours ! 
 vin fell behind kelsier slightly , giving herself plenty of space to run . 
 kelsier increased their speed until they were going at a maddening pace . 
 he was right : in any other context , she would have quickly missed her step on the uneven road . 
 yet , with pewter and tin guiding her , she managed to stay on her feet-though doing so required increasing attention as the evening grew dark and the mists came out . 
 occasionally , kelsier threw down a coin and launched himself from one hilltop to another . 
 however , he mostly kept them running at an even pace , sticking to the canal . 
 hours passed , and vin began to feel the fatigue that he had implied would come . 
 she maintained her speed , but she could feel something underneath it-a resistance within , a longing to stop and rest . 
 despite pewter 's power , her body was running out of strength . 
 she made certain to never let her pewter run low . 
 she feared that if it ever went out , the fatigue would come upon her so powerfully that she would n't be able to get started again . 
 kelsier also ordered her to drink a ridiculous amount of water , though she was n't that thirsty . 
 the night grew dark and silent , no travelers daring to brave the mists . 
 they passed canal boats and barges tied up for the night , as well as the occasional camp of canalmen , their tents huddled closely against the mists . 
 twice they saw mistwraiths on the road , the ﬁrst one giving vin a terrible start . 
 kelsier just passed it by-completely ignoring the terrible , translucent remnants of the people and animals who had been ingested , their bones now forming the mistwraith 's own skeleton . 
 still he kept running . 
 time became a blur , and the running came to dominate all that vin was and did . 
 moving demanded so much attention that she could barely even focus on kelsier ahead of her in the mists . 
 she kept putting one foot ahead of the other , her body remaining strong-yet , at the same time , feeling terribly exhausted . 
 every step , quick though it was , became a chore . 
 she began to yearn for rest . 
 kelsier did n't give it to her . 
 he kept running , forcing her on , maintaining the incredible speed . 
 vin 's world became a timeless thing of forced pain and burgeoning enervation . 
 they slowed occasionally to drink water or swallow more pewter beads-but she never stopped running . 
 it was like . . 
 like she could n't stop . 
 vin let the exhaustion overwhelm her mind . 
 flared pewter was everything . 
 she was nothing else . 
 light surprised her . 
 the sun began to rise , the mists vanishing . 
 but kelsier did n't let the illumination stop them . 
 how could he ? 
 they had to run . 
 they had to just ... had ... to ... keep ... running ... i 'm going to die . 
 it was n't the ﬁrst time the thought had occurred to vin during the run . 
 in fact , the idea kept circling in her mind , picking at her brain like a carrion bird . 
 she kept moving . 
 running . 
 i hate running , she thought . 
 that 's why i 've always lived in a city , not out on the countryside . 
 so i would n't have to run . 
 something within her knew that the thought did n't make any kind of sense . 
 however , lucidity was not currently one of her virtues . 
 i hate kelsier too . 
 he just keeps on going . 
 how long has it been since the sun rose ? 
 minutes ? 
 hours ? 
 weeks ? 
 years ? 
 i swear , i do n't think - kelsier slowed to a stop on the road ahead of her . 
 vin was so stunned that she nearly collided with him . 
 she stumbled , slowing herself maladroitly , as if she had forgotten how to do anything other than run . 
 she stopped , then stared down at her feet , dumbfounded . 
 this is wrong , she thought . 
 i ca n't just stand here . 
 i have to be moving . 
 she felt herself begin to move again , but kelsier grabbed her . 
 she struggled in his grip , resisting weakly . 
 rest , something within her said . 
 relax . 
 you 've forgotten what that is , but it 's so nice ... `` vin ! '' 
 kelsier said . 
 `` do n't extinguish your pewter . 
 keep burning it or you 'll fall unconscious ! '' 
 vin shook her head , disoriented , trying to make out his words . 
 `` tin ! '' 
 he said . 
 `` flare it . 
 now ! '' 
 she did so . 
 her head blazed with a sudden headache that she had almost forgotten , and she had to close her eyes against the blinding sunlight . 
 her legs ached , and her feet felt even worse . 
 the sudden wash of senses restored her sanity , however , and she blinked , looking up at kelsier . 
 `` better ? '' 
 he asked . 
 she nodded . 
 `` you 've just done something incredibly unfair to your body , '' kelsier said . 
 `` it should have shut down hours ago , but you have pewter to make it keep going . 
 you 'll recover-you 'll even get better at pushing yourself like this-but right now you just have to keep burning the pewter and stay awake . 
 we can sleep later . '' 
 vin nodded again . 
 `` why ... '' her voice croaked as she spoke . 
 `` why did we stop ? '' 
 `` listen . '' 
 she did . 
 she heard ... voices . 
 yelling . 
 she looked up at him . 
 `` a battle ? '' 
 kelsier nodded . 
 `` the city of holstep is about an hour more to the north , but i think we 've found what we came for . 
 come on . '' 
 he released her , dropping a coin and jumping over the canal . 
 vin followed , following him as he rushed up a nearby hill . 
 kelsier crested it , peeking over the top . 
 then he stood up , staring at something to the east . 
 vin crested the hill , and easily saw the battle-such as it was-in the distance . 
 a shift in the wind brought scents to her nose . 
 blood . 
 the valley beyond was speckled with corpses . 
 men still fought on the far side of the valley-a small , ragged group in unmatched clothing was surrounded by a much larger , uniformed army . 
 `` we 're too late , '' kelsier said . 
 `` our men must have ﬁnished off the holstep garrison , then tried to march back to the caves . 
 but valtroux city is only a few days away , and its garrison is ﬁve thousand strong . 
 those soldiers got here before we did . '' 
 squinting , using tin despite the light , vin could see that he was right . 
 the larger army wore imperial uniforms , and if the line of corpses was any indication , it had ambushed the skaa soldiers as it passed . 
 their army did n't have a chance . 
 as she watched , the skaa began to throw up their hands , but the soldiers just kept on killing them . 
 some of the remaining peasants fought desperately , but they were falling almost as quickly . 
 `` it 's a slaughter , '' kelsier said angrily . 
 `` the valtroux garrison must have orders to wipe out the entire group . '' 
 he stepped forward . 
 `` kelsier ! '' 
 vin said , grabbing his arm . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 he turned back to her . 
 `` there are still men down there . 
 my men . '' 
 `` what are you going to do-attack an entire army by yourself ? 
 for what purpose ? 
 your rebels do n't have allomancy - they wo n't be able to run away on swift feet and escape . 
 you ca n't stop an entire army , kelsier . '' 
 he shook himself free of her grip ; she did n't have the strength to hold on . 
 she stumbled , falling to the rough black dirt , throwing up a puff of ash . 
 kelsier began to stalk down the hill toward the battleﬁeld . 
 vin climbed to her knees . 
 `` kelsier , '' she said , shaking quietly with fatigue . 
 `` we are n't invincible , remember ? '' 
 he paused . 
 `` you 're not invincible , '' she whispered . 
 `` you ca n't stop them all . 
 you ca n't save those men . '' 
 kelsier stood quietly , his ﬁsts clenched . 
 then , slowly , he bowed his head . 
 in the distance , the massacre continued , though there were n't many rebels left . 
 `` the caves , '' vin whispered . 
 `` our force would have left men behind , right ? 
 maybe they can tell us why the army exposed itself . 
 maybe you can save the ones who stayed behind . 
 the lord ruler 's men will certainly search out the army 's headquarters-if they are n't trying already . '' 
 kelsier nodded . 
 `` all right . 
 let 's go . '' 
 kelsier dropped down into the cavern . 
 he had to ﬂare tin to see anything in the deep darkness , lit only by a bit of reﬂected sunlight from far above . 
 vin 's scraping in the crack above sounded thunderous to his overenhanced ears . 
 in the cavern itself ... nothing . 
 no sound , no light . 
 so she was wrong , kelsier thought . 
 no one stayed behind . 
 kelsier breathed out slowly , trying to ﬁnd an outlet for his frustration and anger . 
 he 'd abandoned the men on the battlefield . 
 he shook his head , ignoring what logic told him at the moment . 
 his anger was still too fresh . 
 vin dropped to the ground beside him , her ﬁgure no more than a shadow to his straining eyes . 
 `` empty , '' he declared , his voice echoing hollowly in the cavern . 
 `` you were wrong . '' 
 `` no , '' vin whispered . 
 `` there . '' 
 suddenly , she was off , scrambling across the ﬂoor with a catlike litheness . 
 kelsier called after her in the darkness , gritted his teeth , then followed her by sound down one of the corridors . 
 `` vin , get back here ! 
 there 's nothing - '' kelsier paused . 
 he could just barely make out a ﬂicker of light ahead of him in the corridor . 
 bloody hell ! 
 how did she see it from so far away ? 
 he could still hear vin ahead of him . 
 kelsier made his way more carefully , checking his metal reserves , worried about a trap left by ministry agents . 
 as he drew nearer to the light , a voice called out ahead . 
 `` who 's there ? 
 say the password ! '' 
 kelsier continued walking , the light growing bright enough for him to see a spear-holding ﬁgure backlit in the corridor ahead . 
 vin waited in the darkness , crouching . 
 she looked up questioningly as kelsier passed . 
 she seemed to have gotten over the drain of the pewter drag , for the moment . 
 when they ﬁnally stopped to rest , however , she 'd feel it . 
 `` i can hear you ! '' 
 the guard said anxiously . 
 his voice sounded slightly familiar . 
 `` identify yourself . '' 
 captain demoux , kelsier realized . 
 one of ours . 
 it 's not a trap . 
 `` say the password ! '' 
 demoux commanded . 
 `` i need no password , '' kelsier said , stepping into the light . 
 demoux lowered his spear . 
 `` lord kelsier ? 
 you 've come ... does that mean the army succeeded ? '' 
 kelsier ignored the question . 
 `` why are n't you guarding the entrance back there ? '' 
 `` we . . 
 thought it would be more defensible to retreat to the inner complex , my lord . 
 there are n't a lot of us left . '' 
 kelsier glanced back toward the entrance corridor . 
 how long until the lord ruler 's men ﬁnd a captive willing to talk ? 
 vin was right after all-we need to get these men to safety . 
 vin stood and approached , studying the young soldier with those quiet eyes of hers . 
 `` how many of you are there ? '' 
 `` about two thousand , '' demoux said . 
 `` we ... were wrong , my lord . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 kelsier looked back at him . 
 `` wrong ? '' 
 `` we thought that general yeden was acting rashly , '' demoux said , blushing in shame . 
 `` we stayed behind . 
 we . . 
 thought we were being loyal to you , rather than him . 
 but we should have gone with the rest of the army . '' 
 `` the army is dead , '' kelsier said curtly . 
 `` gather your men , demoux . 
 we need to leave now . '' 
 that night , sitting on a tree stump with the mists gathering around him , kelsier ﬁnally forced himself to confront the day 's events . 
 he sat with his hands clasped before him , listening to the last , faint sounds of the army 's men bedding down . 
 fortunately , someone had thought to prepare the group for quick departure . 
 each man had a bedroll , a weapon , and enough food for two weeks . 
 as soon as kelsier discovered who had been so foresighted , he intended to give the man a hefty promotion . 
 not that there was much to command anymore . 
 the remaining two thousand men included a depressingly large number of soldiers who were past or before their prime - men wise enough to see that yeden 's plan had been insane , or men young enough to be frightened . 
 kelsier shook his head . 
 so many dead . 
 they 'd gathered nearly seven thousand troops before this ﬁasco , but now most of them lay dead . 
 yeden had apparently decided to `` test '' the army by striking at night against the holstep garrison . 
 what had led him to such a foolish decision ? 
 me , kelsier thought . 
 this is my fault . 
 he 'd promised them supernatural aid . 
 he 'd set himself up , had made yeden a part of the crew , and had talked so casually about doing the impossible . 
 was it any wonder that yeden had thought he could attack the final empire head on , considering the conﬁdence kelsier had given him ? 
 was it any wonder the soldiers would go with the man , considering the promises kelsier had made ? 
 now men were dead , and kelsier was responsible . 
 death was n't new to him . 
 neither was failure-not anymore . 
 but , he could n't get over the twisting in his gut . 
 true , the men had died ﬁghting the final empire , which was as good a death as any skaa could hope for-however , the fact that they 'd likely died expecting some sort of divine protection from kelsier . . 
 that was disturbing . 
 you knew this would be hard , he told himself . 
 you understood the burden you were taking upon yourself . 
 but , what right had he ? 
 even members of his own crew - ham , breeze , and the others-assumed that the final empire was invincible . 
 they followed because of their faith in kelsier , and because he had couched his plans in the form of a thieving job . 
 well , now that job 's patron was dead ; a scout sent to check the battleﬁeld had , for better or worse , been able to conﬁrm yeden 's death . 
 the soldiers had put his head on a spear beside the road , along with several of ham 's ofﬁcers . 
 the job was dead . 
 they had failed . 
 the army was gone . 
 there would be no rebellion , no seizing of the city . 
 footsteps approached . 
 kelsier looked up , wondering if he even had the strength to stand . 
 vin lay curled up beside his stump , asleep on the hard ground , only her mistcloak for a cushion . 
 their extended pewter drag had taken a lot out of the girl , and she had collapsed virtually the moment kelsier had called a halt for the night . 
 he wished he could do the same . 
 however , he was far more experienced with pewter dragging than she was . 
 his body would give out eventually , but he could keep going for a bit longer . 
 a ﬁgure appeared from the mists , hobbling in kelsier 's direction . 
 the man was old , older than any that kelsier had recruited . 
 he must have been part of the rebellion from earlier-one of the skaa who had been living in the caves before kelsier hijacked them . 
 the man chose a large stone beside kelsier 's stump , sitting with a sigh . 
 it was amazing that one so old had even been able to keep up . 
 kelsier had moved the group at a fast pace , seeking to distance them as much as possible from the cave complex . 
 `` the men will sleep ﬁtfully , '' the old man said . 
 `` they are n't accustomed to being out in the mists . '' 
 `` they do n't have much choice , '' kelsier said . 
 the old man shook his head . 
 `` i suppose they do n't . '' 
 he sat for a moment , aged eyes unreadable . 
 `` you do n't recognize me , do you ? '' 
 kelsier paused , then shook his head . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 did i recruit you ? '' 
 `` after a fashion . 
 i was one of the skaa at lord tresting 's plantation . '' 
 kelsier opened his mouth slightly in surprise , ﬁnally recognizing a slight familiarity to the man 's bald head and tired , yet somehow strong , posture . 
 `` the old man i sat with that night . 
 your name was ... '' `` mennis . 
 after you killed tresting , we retreated up to the caves , where the rebels there took us in . 
 a lot of the others left eventually , off to ﬁnd other plantations to join . 
 some of us stayed . '' 
 kelsier nodded . 
 `` you 're behind this , are n't you ? '' 
 he said , gesturing toward the camp . 
 `` the preparations ? '' 
 mennis shrugged . 
 `` some of us ca n't ﬁght , so we do other things . '' 
 kelsier leaned forward . 
 `` what happened , mennis ? 
 why did yeden do this ? '' 
 mennis just shook his head . 
 `` though most expect young men to be fools , i 've noticed that just a little bit of age can make a man far more foolish than he was as a child . 
 yeden ... well , he was the type who was too easily impressed-both by you and by the reputation you left for him . 
 some of his generals thought it might be a good idea to give the men some practical battle experience , and they ﬁgured a night raid on the holstep garrison would be a clever move . 
 apparently , it was more difﬁcult than they assumed . '' 
 kelsier shook his head . 
 `` even if they 'd been successful , exposing the army would have made it useless to us . '' 
 `` they believed in you , '' mennis said quietly . 
 `` they thought that they could n't fail . '' 
 kelsier sighed , resting his head back , staring up into the shifting mists . 
 he slowly let his breath exhale , its air mingling with the currents overhead . 
 `` so , what becomes of us ? '' 
 mennis asked . 
 `` we 'll split you up , '' kelsier said , `` get you back into luthadel in small groups , lose you among the skaa population . '' 
 mennis nodded . 
 he seemed tired-exhausted-yet he did n't retire . 
 kelsier could understand that feeling . 
 `` do you remember our conversation back on tresting 's plantation ? '' 
 mennis asked . 
 `` a bit , '' kelsier said . 
 `` you tried to dissuade me from making trouble . '' 
 `` but it did n't stop you . '' 
 `` troublemaking is just about the only thing i 'm good at , mennis . 
 do you resent what i did there , what i forced you to become ? '' 
 mennis paused , then nodded . 
 `` but , in a way , i 'm thankful for that resentment . 
 i believed that my life was over-i awoke each day expecting that i would n't have the strength to rise . 
 but . . 
 well , i found purpose again in the caves . 
 for that , i 'm grateful . '' 
 `` even after what i did to the army ? '' 
 mennis snorted . 
 `` do n't think quite so highly of yourself , young man . 
 those soldiers got themselves killed . 
 you might have been their motivation , but you did n't make the choice for them . 
 `` regardless , this is n't the ﬁrst skaa rebellion to get slaughtered . 
 not by far . 
 in a way , you 've accomplished a lot-you gathered an army of considerable size , and then you armed and trained it beyond what anyone had a right to expect . 
 things went a little more quickly than you anticipated , but you should be proud of yourself . '' 
 `` proud ? '' 
 kelsier asked , standing to work off some of his agitation . 
 `` this army was supposed to help overthrow the final empire , not get itself killed ﬁghting a meaningless battle in a valley weeks outside of luthadel . '' 
 `` overthrow the ... '' mennis looked up , frowning . 
 `` you really expected to do something like that ? '' 
 `` of course , '' kelsier said . 
 `` why else would i gather an army like this ? '' 
 `` to resist , '' mennis said . 
 `` to ﬁght . 
 that 's why those lads came to the caves . 
 it was n't a matter of winning or losing , it was a matter of doing something-anything-to struggle against the lord ruler . '' 
 kelsier turned , frowning . 
 `` you expected the army to lose from the beginning ? '' 
 `` what other end was there ? '' 
 mennis asked . 
 he stood , shaking his head . 
 `` some may have begun to dream otherwise , lad , but the lord ruler ca n't be defeated . 
 once , i gave you some advice-i told you to be careful which battles you chose to ﬁght . 
 well , i 've realized that this battle was worth ﬁghting . 
 `` now , let me give you another piece of advice , kelsier , survivor of hathsin . 
 know when to quit . 
 you 've done well , better than any would have expected . 
 those skaa of yours killed an entire garrison 's worth of soldiers before they were caught and destroyed . 
 this is the greatest victory the skaa have known in decades , perhaps centuries . 
 now it 's time to walk away . '' 
 with that , the old man nodded his head in respect , then began to shufﬂe back toward the center of the camp . 
 kelsier stood , dumbfounded . 
 the greatest victory the skaa have known in decades . . 
 that was what he fought against . 
 not just the lord ruler , not just the nobility . 
 he fought against a thousand years of conditioning , a thousand years of life in a society that would label the deaths of ﬁve thousand men as a `` great victory . '' 
 life was so hopeless for the skaa that they 'd been reduced to ﬁnding comfort in expected defeats . 
 `` that was n't a victory , mennis , '' kelsier whispered . 
 `` i 'll show you a victory . '' 
 he forced himself to smile-not out of pleasure , and not out of satisfaction . 
 he smiled despite the grief he felt at the deaths of his men ; he smiled because that was what he did . 
 that was how he proved to the lord ruler-and to himself - that he was n't beaten . 
 no , he was n't going to walk away . 
 he was n't ﬁnished yet . 
 not by far . 
 the end of part three part four dancers in a sea of mist i am growing so very tired . 
 26 vin lay in her bed at clubs 's shop , feeling her head throb . 
 fortunately , the headache was growing weaker . 
 she could still remember waking up on that ﬁrst horrible morning ; the pain had been so strong she 'd barely been able to think , let alone move . 
 she did n't know how kelsier had kept going , leading the remnants of their army to a safe location . 
 that had been over two weeks ago . 
 fifteen full days , and her head still hurt . 
 kelsier said it was good for her . 
 he claimed that she needed to practice `` pewter dragging , '' training her body to function beyond what it thought possible . 
 despite what he said , however , she doubted something that hurt so much could possibly be `` good '' for her . 
 of course , it might well be a useful skill to have . 
 she could acknowledge this , now that her head was n't pounding quite so much . 
 she and kelsier had been able to run to the battleﬁeld in under a single day . 
 the return trip had taken two weeks . 
 vin rose , stretching tiredly . 
 they 'd been back for less than a day , in fact . 
 kelsier had probably stayed up half the night explaining events to the other crewmembers . 
 vin , however , had been happy to go straight to bed . 
 the nights spent sleeping on the hard earth had reminded her that a comfortable bed was a luxury she 'd started to take for granted . 
 she yawned , rubbed her temples again , then threw on a robe and made her way to the bathroom . 
 she was pleased to see that clubs 's apprentices had remembered to draw her a bath . 
 she locked the door , disrobed , and settled into the warm , lightly scented bathwater . 
 had she ever really found those scents obnoxious ? 
 the smell would make her less inconspicuous , true , but that seemed a slim price for ridding herself of the dirt and grime she 'd picked up while traveling . 
 she still found longer hair an annoyance , however . 
 she washed it , combing out the tangles and knots , wondering how the court women could stand hair that went all the way down their backs . 
 how long must they spend combing and primping beneath a servant 's care ? 
 vin 's hair had n't even reached her shoulders yet , and she was already loath to let it get longer . 
 it would ﬂy about and whip her face when she jumped , not to mention provide her foes with something to grab on to . 
 once ﬁnished bathing , she returned to her room , dressed in something practical , and made her way downstairs . 
 apprentices bustled in the workroom and housekeepers worked upstairs , but the kitchen was quiet . 
 clubs , dockson , ham , and breeze sat at the morning meal . 
 they looked up as vin entered . 
 `` what ? '' 
 vin asked grumpily , pausing in the doorway . 
 the bath had soothed her headache somewhat , but it still pulsed slightly in the back of her head . 
 the four men exchanged glances . 
 ham spoke ﬁrst . 
 `` we were just discussing the status of the plan , now that both our employer and our army are gone . '' 
 breeze raised an eyebrow . 
 `` status ? 
 that 's an interesting way of putting it , hammond . 
 i would have said ` unfeasibility ' instead . '' 
 clubs grunted his assent , and the four turned to her , apparently waiting to see her reaction . 
 why do they care so much what i think ? 
 she thought , walking into the room and taking a chair . 
 `` you want something to eat ? '' 
 dockson said , rising . 
 `` clubs 's housekeepers ﬁxed some baywraps for us to - '' `` ale , '' vin said . 
 dockson paused . 
 `` it 's not even noon . '' 
 `` ale . 
 now . 
 please . '' 
 she leaned forward , folding her arms on the table and resting her head on them . 
 ham had the nerve to chuckle . 
 `` pewter drag ? '' 
 vin nodded . 
 `` it 'll pass , '' he said . 
 `` if i do n't die ﬁrst , '' vin grumbled . 
 ham chuckled again , but the levity seemed forced . 
 dox handed her a mug , then sat , glancing at the others . 
 `` so , vin . 
 what do you think ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' she said with a sigh . 
 `` the army was pretty much the center of everything , right ? 
 breeze , ham , and yeden spent all their time recruiting ; dockson and renoux worked on supplies . 
 now that the soldiers are gone ... well , that only leaves marsh 's work with the ministry and kell 's attacks on the nobility-and neither are things he needs us for . 
 the crew is redundant . '' 
 the room fell silent . 
 `` she has a depressingly blunt way of putting it , '' dockson said . 
 `` pewter drag will do that to you , '' ham noted . 
 `` when did you get back , anyway ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 `` last night , after you were asleep , '' ham said . 
 `` the garrison sent us part-time soldiers back early , so they would n't have to pay us . '' 
 `` they 're still out there , then ? '' 
 dockson asked . 
 ham nodded . 
 `` hunting down the rest of our army . 
 the luthadel garrison relieved the valtroux troops , who were actually pretty beat up from the ﬁghting . 
 the majority of the luthadel troops should be out for a long while yet , searching for rebels-apparently , several very large groups broke off of our main army and ﬂed before the battle started . '' 
 the conversation lulled into another period of silence . 
 vin sipped at her ale , drinking it more out of spite than any belief that it would make her feel better . 
 a few minutes later , footsteps sounded on the stairs . 
 kelsier swept into the kitchen . 
 `` good morning , all , '' he said with customary cheerfulness . 
 `` baywraps again , i see . 
 clubs , you really need to hire more imaginative housemaids . '' 
 despite the comment , he grabbed a cylindrical baywrap and took a large bite , then smiled pleasantly as he poured himself something to drink . 
 the crew remained quiet . 
 the men exchanged glances . 
 kelsier remained standing , leaning back against the cupboard as he ate . 
 `` kell , we need to talk , '' dockson ﬁnally said . 
 `` the army is gone . '' 
 `` yes , '' kelsier said between bites . 
 `` i noticed . '' 
 `` the job is dead , kelsier , '' breeze said . 
 `` it was a good try , but we failed . '' 
 kelsier paused . 
 he frowned , lowering his baywrap . 
 `` failed ? 
 what makes you say that ? '' 
 `` the army is gone , kell , '' ham said . 
 `` the army was only one piece of our plans . 
 we 've had a setback , true-but we 're hardly ﬁnished . '' 
 `` oh , for the lord 's sake , man ! '' 
 breeze said . 
 `` how can you stand there so cheerfully ? 
 our men are dead . 
 do n't you even care ? '' 
 `` i care , breeze , '' kelsier said in a solemn voice . 
 `` but what is done is done . 
 we need to move on . '' 
 `` exactly ! '' 
 breeze said . 
 `` move on from this insane ` job ' of yours . 
 it 's time to quit . 
 i know you do n't like that , but it 's the simple truth ! '' 
 kelsier set his plate on the counter . 
 `` do n't soothe me , breeze . 
 never soothe me . '' 
 breeze paused , mouth open slightly . 
 `` fine , '' he ﬁnally said . 
 `` i wo n't use allomancy ; i 'll just use truth . 
 do you know what i think ? 
 i think you never intended to grab that atium . 
 `` you 've been using us . 
 you promised us wealth so we 'd join you , but you never had any intention of making us rich . 
 this is all about your ego-it 's about becoming the most famous crewleader that ever lived . 
 that 's why you 're spreading all these rumors , doing all this recruitment . 
 you 've known wealth-now you want to become a legend . '' 
 breeze fell quiet , eyes hard . 
 kelsier stood with his arms folded , regarding the crew . 
 several glanced aside , shamed eyes proving that they had considered what breeze was saying . 
 vin was one of those . 
 the silence persisted , all of them waiting for a rebuttal . 
 footsteps sounded on the stairs again , and spook burst into the kitchen . 
 `` willing the care and upping to see ! 
 a gathering , in the fountain square ! '' 
 kelsier did n't look surprised by the boy 's announcement . 
 `` a gathering in the fountain square ? '' 
 ham said slowly . 
 `` that means ... '' `` come on , '' kelsier said , standing up straight . 
 `` we 're going to watch . '' 
 `` i 'd rather not do this , kell , '' ham said . 
 `` i avoid these things for a reason . '' 
 kelsier ignored him . 
 he walked at the head of the crew , who all-even breeze-wore mundane skaa clothing and cloaks . 
 a light ashfall had begun , and careless ﬂakes ﬂoated down from the sky , like leaves dropped from some unseen tree . 
 large clusters of skaa clogged the street , most of them workers from factories or mills . 
 vin knew of only one reason why the workers would be released and sent to gather in the city 's central square . 
 executions . 
 she 'd never gone to them before . 
 supposedly , all the men in the city-skaa or noble-were required to attend execution ceremonies , but thieving crews knew how to remain hidden . 
 bells rang in the distance , announcing the event , and obligators watched at the sides of the streets . 
 they would go into mills , forges , and random houses searching for those who disobeyed the call , meting out death as a punishment . 
 gathering this many people was an enormous undertaking-but , in a way , doing things like this simply worked to prove how powerful the lord ruler was . 
 the streets grew even more crowded as vin 's crew approached the fountain square . 
 building roofs were packed , and people ﬁlled the streets , pressing forward . 
 there 's no way they 'll all ﬁt . 
 luthadel was n't like most other cities ; its population was enormous . 
 even with only the men in attendance , there was no way everyone would have a view of the executions . 
 yet , they came anyway . 
 partially because they were required , partially because they would n't have to work while they watched , and partially-vin suspected-because they had the same morbid curiosity that all men possessed . 
 as the crowds grew thicker , kelsier , dockson , and ham began to shove the crew a path through the onlookers . 
 some of the skaa gave the crew looks of resentment , though many were just dull-eyed and compliant . 
 some appeared surprised , even excited , when they saw kelsier , though his scars were not showing . 
 these people moved aside eagerly . 
 eventually , the crew reached the outer row of buildings surrounding the square . 
 kelsier picked one , nodding toward it , and dockson moved forward . 
 a man at the doorway tried to bar his entrance , but dox pointed toward the roof , then hefted his coinpouch suggestively . 
 a few minutes later , the crew had the entire rooftop to themselves . 
 `` smoke us please , clubs , '' kelsier said quietly . 
 the gnarled craftsman nodded , making the crew invisible to allomantic bronze senses . 
 vin walked over and crouched beside the roof 's lip , hands on the short stone railing as she scanned the square down below . 
 `` so many people ... '' `` you 've lived in cities all your life , vin , '' ham said , standing next to her . 
 `` surely you 've seen crowds before . '' 
 `` yes , but . . '' 
 how could she explain ? 
 the shifting , overpacked mass was unlike anything she 'd seen . 
 it was expansive , almost endless , its trails ﬁlling every street leading away from the central square . 
 the skaa were packed so closely , she wondered how they even had room to breathe . 
 the noblemen were at the center of the square , separated from the skaa by soldiers . 
 they were close to the central fountain patio , which stood about ﬁve feet above the rest of the square . 
 someone had constructed seating for the nobility , and they lounged , as if they were visiting some show or horse race . 
 many had servants holding up parasols against the ash , but it was falling lightly enough that some just ignored it . 
 standing beside the noblemen were the obligators - regular ones in gray , inquisitors in black . 
 vin shivered . 
 there were eight inquisitors , their lanky forms standing a head above the obligators . 
 but , it was n't just height that separated the dark creatures from their cousins . 
 there was an air , a distinctive posture , about the steel inquisitors . 
 vin turned , studying the regular obligators instead . 
 most of them held themselves proudly in their administrative robes - the higher their position , the ﬁner the robes . 
 vin squinted , burning tin , and recognized a moderately familiar face . 
 `` there , '' she said , pointing . 
 `` that one 's my father . '' 
 kelsier perked up . 
 `` where ? '' 
 `` at the front of the obligators , '' vin said . 
 `` the shorter one with the golden robe-scarf . '' 
 kelsier fell silent . 
 `` that 's your father ? '' 
 he ﬁnally asked . 
 `` who ? '' 
 dockson asked , squinting . 
 `` i ca n't make out their faces . '' 
 `` tevidian , '' kelsier said . 
 `` the lord prelan ? '' 
 dockson asked with shock . 
 `` what ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 `` who 's that ? '' 
 breeze chuckled . 
 `` the lord prelan is the leader of the ministry , my dear . 
 he 's the most important of the lord ruler 's obligators-technically , he 's even higher ranked than the inquisitors . '' 
 vin sat , dumbfounded . 
 `` the lord prelan , '' dockson mumbled , shaking his head . 
 `` this just keeps getting better . '' 
 `` look ! '' 
 spook suddenly said , pointing . 
 the crowd of skaa began to shufﬂe . 
 vin had assumed that they were too packed to move , but apparently she was wrong . 
 the people began to pull back , making a large corridor leading to the central platform . 
 what could make them - then she felt it . 
 the oppressive numbness , like a massive blanket pressing down , choking away her air , stealing her will . 
 she immediately burned copper . 
 yet , like before , she swore that she could feel the lord ruler 's soothing despite the metal . 
 she sensed him coming closer , trying to make her lose all will , all desire , all strength of emotion . 
 `` he 's coming , '' spook whispered , crouching down beside her . 
 a black carriage drawn by a pair of massive white stallions appeared down a side street . 
 it rolled down the corridor of skaa , moving with a sense of ... inevitability . 
 vin saw several people get clipped by its passing , and suspected that if a man were to fall into the carriage 's path , the vehicle would n't even slow as it crushed him to death . 
 the skaa sagged a bit more as the lord ruler arrived , a visible ripple washing across the crowd , their postures drooping as they felt his powerful soothing . 
 the background roar of whispers and chatting dampened , an unreal silence falling over the enormous square . 
 `` he 's so powerful , '' breeze said . 
 `` even at my best , i can only soothe a couple hundred men . 
 there have to be tens of thousands of people here ! '' 
 spook looked over the rim of the rooftop . 
 `` it makes me want to fall . 
 to just let go ... '' then , he paused . 
 he shook his head , as if waking up . 
 vin frowned . 
 something felt different . 
 tentatively , she extinguished her copper , and realized that she could no longer feel the lord ruler 's soothing . 
 the feeling of awful depression - of soullessness and emptiness-had strangely disappeared . 
 spook looked up , and the rest of the crewmembers stood just a little straighter . 
 vin glanced around . 
 the skaa below looked unchanged . 
 yet , her friends - her eyes found kelsier . 
 the crewleader stood straight-backed , staring resolutely at the approaching carriage , a look of concentration on his face . 
 he 's rioting our emotions , vin realized . 
 he 's counteracting the lord ruler 's power . 
 it was obviously a struggle for kelsier to protect even their small group . 
 breeze is right , vin thought . 
 how can we ﬁght something like this ? 
 the lord ruler is soothing a hundred thousand people at once ! 
 but , kelsier fought on . 
 just in case , vin turned on her copper . 
 then she burned zinc and reached out to help kelsier , rioting the emotions of those around her . 
 it felt like she was pulling against some massive , immobile wall . 
 yet , it must have helped , for kelsier relaxed slightly , shooting her a grateful look . 
 `` look , '' dockson said , probably unaware of the unseen battle that occurred around him . 
 `` the prisoner carts . '' 
 he pointed toward a set of ten large , bar-lined carts traveling down the corridor behind the lord ruler . 
 `` do you recognize anyone in them ? '' 
 ham said , leaning forward . 
 `` i 'm not of the seeing , '' spook said , looking uncomfortable . 
 `` uncle , you really the burn , right ? '' 
 `` yes , my copper is on , '' clubs said testily . 
 `` you 're safe . 
 we 're far enough away from the lord ruler that it would n't matter anyway-that plaza is enormous . '' 
 spook nodded , then obviously began burning tin . 
 a moment later , he shook his head . 
 `` notting of the recognizing anyone . '' 
 `` you were n't there for a lot of the recruiting , though , spook , '' ham said , squinting . 
 `` true , '' spook replied . 
 though his accent remained , he was obviously making an effort to speak normally . 
 kelsier stepped up to the ledge , holding a hand up to shade his eyes . 
 `` i can see the prisoners . 
 no , i do n't recognize any of the faces . 
 they are n't captive soldiers . '' 
 `` who , then ? '' 
 ham asked . 
 `` mostly women and children , it appears , '' kelsier said . 
 `` the families of the soldiers ? '' 
 ham asked , horriﬁed . 
 kelsier shook his head . 
 `` i doubt it . 
 they would n't have taken the time to identify dead skaa . '' 
 ham frowned , looking confused . 
 `` random people , hammond , '' breeze said with a quiet sigh . 
 `` examples-casual executions made in order to punish the skaa for harboring rebels . '' 
 `` no , not even that , '' kelsier said . 
 `` i doubt the lord ruler even knows , or cares , that most of those men were recruited from luthadel . 
 he probably just assumes that it was another countryside rebellion . 
 this ... this is just a way of reminding everyone who is in control . '' 
 the lord ruler 's carriage rolled up a platform onto the central patio . 
 the ominous vehicle pulled to a stop in the exact center of the square , but the lord ruler himself remained inside . 
 the prisoner carts pulled to a stop , and a group of obligators and soldiers began to unload them . 
 black ash continued to fall as the ﬁrst group of prisoners-most struggling only weakly - were dragged up onto the raised central platform . 
 an inquisitor directed the work , gesturing for prisoners to be gathered beside each of the platform 's four bowl-like fountains . 
 four prisoners were forced to their knees-one beside each running fountain-and four inquisitors raised obsidian axes . 
 four axes fell , and four heads were sheared free . 
 the bodies , still held by soldiers , were allowed to spurt their last lifeblood into the fountain basins . 
 the fountains began to glisten red as they sprayed into the air . 
 the soldiers tossed the bodies aside , then brought four more people forward . 
 spook looked away sickly . 
 `` why ... why does n't kelsier do something ? 
 to saving them , i mean ? '' 
 `` do n't be foolish , '' vin said . 
 `` there are eight inquisitors down there-not to mention the lord ruler himself . 
 kelsier would be an idiot to try something . '' 
 though i would n't be surprised if he considered it , she thought , remembering when kelsier had been ready to rush down and take on an entire army by himself . 
 she glanced to the side . 
 kelsier looked like he was forcibly holding himself back-white-knuckled hands gripping the chimney beside him-to keep himself from rushing down to stop the executions . 
 spook stumbled over to another part of the rooftop where he could retch without spilling bile onto the people below . 
 ham groaned slightly , and even clubs looked saddened . 
 dockson watched solemnly , as if witnessing the deaths were some sort of vigil . 
 breeze just shook his head . 
 kelsier , however ... kelsier was angry . 
 his face red , his muscles tense , his eyes ablaze . 
 four more deaths , one of them a child . 
 `` this , '' kelsier said , angrily waving his hand toward the central square . 
 `` this is our enemy . 
 there is no quarter here , no walking away . 
 this is no simple job , to be thrown aside when we encounter a few unexpected twists . '' 
 four more deaths . 
 `` look at them ! '' 
 kelsier demanded , pointing at the bleachers full of nobility . 
 most of them appeared bored-and a few even seemed to be enjoying themselves , turning and joking with one another as the beheadings continued . 
 `` i know you question me , '' kelsier said , turning to the crew . 
 `` you think that i 've been too hard on the nobility , think that i relish killing them too much . 
 but , can you honestly see those men laughing and tell me that they do n't deserve to die by my blade ? 
 i only bring them justice . '' 
 four more deaths . 
 vin searched the bleachers with urgent , tin-enhanced eyes . 
 she found elend sitting amid a group of younger men . 
 none of them were laughing , and they were n't the only ones . 
 true , many of the nobility made light of the experience , but there were some small minority who looked horriﬁed . 
 kelsier continued . 
 `` breeze , you asked about the atium . 
 i 'll be honest . 
 it was never my main goal-i gathered this crew because i wanted to change things . 
 we 'll grab the atium - we 'll need it to support a new government-but this job is n't about making me , or any of you , wealthy . 
 `` yeden is dead . 
 he was our excuse-a way that we could do something good while still pretending to just be thieves . 
 now that he 's gone , you can give up , if you want . 
 quit . 
 but , that wo n't change anything . 
 the struggle will go on . 
 men will still die . 
 you 'll just be ignoring it . '' 
 four more deaths . 
 `` it 's time to stop the charade , '' kelsier said , staring at them each in turn . 
 `` if we 're going to do this now , we have to be up-front and honest with ourselves . 
 we have to admit that it is n't about money . 
 it 's about stopping that . '' 
 he pointed at the courtyard with its red fountains-a visible sign of death for the thousands of skaa too far away to even tell what was happening . 
 `` i intend to continue my ﬁght , '' kelsier said quietly . 
 `` i realize that some of you question my leadership . 
 you think i 've been building myself up too much with the skaa . 
 you whisper that i 'm making myself into another lord ruler-you think that my ego is more important to me than overthrowing the empire . '' 
 he paused , and vin saw guilt in the eyes of dockson and the others . 
 spook rejoined the group , still looking a bit sick . 
 four more deaths . 
 `` you 're wrong , '' kelsier said quietly . 
 `` you have to trust me . 
 you gave me your conﬁdence when we began this plan , despite how dangerous things seemed . 
 i still need that conﬁdence ! 
 no matter how things appear , no matter how terrible the odds , we have to keep ﬁghting ! '' 
 four more deaths . 
 the crew slowly turned toward kelsier . 
 resisting the lord ruler 's pushing on their emotions did n't seem like half as much a struggle for kelsier anymore , though vin had let her zinc lapse . 
 maybe ... maybe he can do it , vin thought , despite herself . 
 if there was ever a man who could defeat the lord ruler , it would be kelsier . 
 `` i did n't choose you men because of your competence , '' kelsier said , `` though you are certainly skilled . 
 i chose each of you speciﬁcally because i knew you to be men of conscience . 
 ham , breeze , dox , clubs ... you are men with reputations for honesty , even charity . 
 i knew that if i were going to succeed at this plan , i would need men who actually cared . 
 `` no , breeze , this is n't about boxings or about glory . 
 this is about war-a war we have been ﬁghting for a thousand years , a war i intend to end . 
 you may go , if you wish . 
 you know i 'll let any of you out-no questions asked , no repercussions exacted-if you wish to go . 
 `` however , '' he said , eyes growing hard , `` if you stay , you have to promise to stop questioning my authority . 
 you can voice concerns about the job itself , but there will be no more whispered conferences about my leadership . 
 if you stay , you follow me . 
 understood ? '' 
 one by one , he locked eyes with the crewmembers . 
 each one gave him a nod . 
 `` i do n't think we ever really questioned you , kell , '' dockson said . 
 `` we just ... we 're worried , and i think rightly so . 
 the army was a big part of our plans . '' 
 kelsier nodded to the north , toward the main city gates . 
 `` what do you see up in the distance , dox ? '' 
 `` the city gates ? '' 
 `` and what is different about them recently ? '' 
 dockson shrugged . 
 `` nothing unusual . 
 they 're a bit understaffed , but - '' `` why ? '' 
 kelsier interjected . 
 `` why are they understaffed ? '' 
 dockson paused . 
 `` because the garrison is gone ? '' 
 `` exactly , '' kelsier said . 
 `` ham says that the garrison could be out chasing remnants of our army for months , and only about ten percent of its men stayed behind . 
 that makes sense-stopping rebels is the sort of thing the garrison was created to do . 
 luthadel might be exposed , but no one ever attacks luthadel . 
 no one ever has . '' 
 a quiet understanding passed between the members of the crew . 
 `` part one of our plan to take the city has been accomplished , '' kelsier said . 
 `` we got the garrison out of luthadel . 
 it cost us far more than we expected-far more than it should have . 
 i wish to the forgotten gods that those boys had n't died . 
 unfortunately , we ca n't change that now-we can only use the opening they gave us . 
 `` the plan is still in motion-the main peacekeeping force in the city is gone . 
 if a house war starts in earnest , the lord ruler will have a difﬁcult time stopping it . 
 assuming he wants to . 
 for some reason , he tends to step back and let the nobility ﬁght each other every hundred years or so . 
 perhaps he ﬁnds that letting them at each other 's throats keeps them away from his own . '' 
 `` but , what if the garrison comes back ? '' 
 ham asked . 
 `` if i 'm right , '' kelsier said , `` the lord ruler will let them chase stragglers from our army for several months , giving the nobility a chance to blow off a little steam . 
 except , he 's going to get a lot more than he expected . 
 when that house war starts , we 're going to use the chaos to seize the palace . '' 
 `` with what army , my dear man ? '' 
 breeze said . 
 `` we still have some troops left , '' kelsier said . 
 `` plus , we have time to recruit more . 
 we 'll have to be careful-we ca n't use the caves , so we 'll have to hide our troops in the city . 
 that will probably mean smaller numbers . 
 however , that wo n't be an issue-you see , that garrison is going to return eventually . '' 
 the members of the group shared a look as the executions proceeded below . 
 vin sat quietly , trying to decide what kelsier meant by that statement . 
 `` exactly , kell , '' ham said slowly . 
 `` the garrison will return , and we wo n't have a big enough army to ﬁght them . '' 
 `` but we will have the lord ruler 's treasury , '' kelsier said , smiling . 
 `` what is it you always say about those garrisoners , ham ? '' 
 the thug paused , then smiled too . 
 `` that they 're mercenaries . '' 
 `` we seize the lord ruler 's money , '' kelsier said , `` and it means we get his army too . 
 this can still work , gentlemen . 
 we can make it work . '' 
 the crew seemed to grow more conﬁdent . 
 vin , however , turned her eyes back toward the square . 
 the fountains ran so red that they seemed completely ﬁlled with blood . 
 over it all , the lord ruler watched from within his jet-black carriage . 
 the windows were open , and-with tin-vin could just barely see a silhouetted ﬁgure sitting within . 
 that 's our real foe , she thought . 
 not the missing garrison , not the inquisitors with their axes . 
 that man . 
 the one from the logbook . 
 we 'll have to ﬁnd a way to defeat him , otherwise everything else we do will be pointless . 
 i think i 've ﬁnally discovered why rashek resents me so very much . 
 he does not believe that an outsider such as myself-a foreigner-could possibly be the hero of ages . 
 he believes that i have somehow tricked the philosophers , that i wear the piercings of the hero unjustly . 
 according to rashek , only a terrisman of pure blood should have been chosen as the hero . 
 oddly , i ﬁnd myself even more determined because of his hatred . 
 i must prove to him that i can perform this task . 
 27 it was a subdued group that returned to clubs 's shop that evening . 
 the executions had stretched for hours . 
 there had been no denunciations , no explanations by the ministry or the lord ruler-just execution , after execution , after execution . 
 once the captives were gone , the lord ruler and his obligators had ridden away , leaving a pile of corpses on the platform and bloodied water running in the fountains . 
 as kelsier 's crew returned to the kitchen , vin realized that her headache no longer bothered her . 
 her pain now seemed ... insigniﬁcant . 
 the baywraps remained on the table , thoughtfully covered by one of the house maids . 
 no one reached for them . 
 `` all right , '' kelsier said , taking his customary place leaning against the cupboard . 
 `` let 's plan this out . 
 how should we proceed ? '' 
 dockson recovered a stack of papers from the side of the room as he walked over to seat himself . 
 `` with the garrison gone , our main focus becomes the nobility . '' 
 `` indeed , '' breeze said . 
 `` if we truly intend to seize the treasury with only a few thousand soldiers , then we 're certainly going to need something to distract the palace guard and keep the nobility from taking the city away from us . 
 the house war , therefore , becomes of paramount importance . '' 
 kelsier nodded . 
 `` my thoughts exactly . '' 
 `` but , what happens when the house war is over ? '' 
 vin said . 
 `` some houses will come out on top , and then we 'll have to deal with them . '' 
 kelsier shook his head . 
 `` i do n't intend for the house war to ever end , vin-or , at least , not for a long while . 
 the lord ruler makes dictates , and the ministry polices his followers , but the nobility are the ones who actually force the skaa to work . 
 so , if we bring down enough noble houses , the government may just collapse on its own . 
 we ca n't ﬁght the entire final empire as a whole-it 's too big . 
 but , we might be able to shatter it , then make the pieces ﬁght each other . '' 
 `` we need to put ﬁnancial strain on the great houses , '' dockson said , ﬂipping through his papers . 
 `` the aristocracy is primarily a ﬁnancial institution , and lack of funds will bring any house down . '' 
 `` breeze , we might need to use some of your aliases , '' kelsier said . 
 `` so far , i 've really been the only one in the crew working on the house war-but if we 're going to make this city snap before the garrison returns , we 'll need to step up our efforts . '' 
 breeze sighed . 
 `` very well . 
 we 'll just have to be very careful to make certain no one accidentally recognizes me as someone i should n't be . 
 i ca n't go to parties or functions - but i can probably do solitary house visits . '' 
 `` same for you , dox , '' kelsier said . 
 `` i ﬁgured as much , '' dockson said . 
 `` it will be dangerous for both of you , '' kelsier said . 
 `` but speed will be essential . 
 vin will remain our main spy-and we 'll probably want her to start spreading some bad information . 
 anything to make the nobility uncertain . '' 
 ham nodded . 
 `` we should probably focus our attentions on the top , then . '' 
 `` indeed , '' breeze said . 
 `` if we can make the most powerful houses look vulnerable , then their enemies will be quick to strike . 
 only after the powerful houses are gone will people realize that they were the ones really supporting the economy . '' 
 the room fell quiet for a second , then several heads turned toward vin . 
 `` what ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` they 're talking about house venture , vin , '' dockson said . 
 `` it 's the most powerful of the great houses . '' 
 breeze nodded . 
 `` if venture falls , the entire final empire would feel the tremors . '' 
 vin sat quietly for a moment . 
 `` they 're not all bad people , '' she ﬁnally said . 
 `` perhaps , '' kelsier said . 
 `` but lord straff venture certainly is , and his family sits at the very head of the final empire . 
 house venture needs to go-and you already have an in with one of its most important members . '' 
 i thought you wanted me to stay away from elend , she thought with annoyance . 
 `` just keep your ears open , child , '' breeze said . 
 `` see if you can get the lad to talk about his house 's ﬁnances . 
 find us a bit of leverage , and we 'll do the rest . '' 
 just like the games elend hates so much . 
 however , the executions were still fresh in her mind . 
 that sort of thing had to be stopped . 
 besides-even elend said he did n't like his father , or his house , very much . 
 maybe ... maybe she could ﬁnd something . 
 `` i 'll see what i can do , '' she said . 
 a knock came at the front door , answered by one of the apprentices . 
 a few moments later , sazed-clad in a skaa cloak to hide his features-entered the kitchen . 
 kelsier checked the clock . 
 `` you 're early , saze . '' 
 `` i try to make it a habit , master kelsier , '' the terrisman replied . 
 dockson raised an eyebrow . 
 `` that 's a habit someone else could afford to pick up . '' 
 kelsier snorted . 
 `` if you 're always on time , it implies that you never have anything better you should be doing . 
 saze , how are the men ? '' 
 `` as good as can be expected , master kelsier , '' sazed replied . 
 `` but they ca n't hide in the renoux warehouses forever . '' 
 `` i know , '' kelsier said . 
 `` dox , ham , i 'll need you to work on this problem . 
 there are two thousand men left from our army ; i want you to get them into luthadel . '' 
 dockson nodded thoughtfully . 
 `` we 'll ﬁnd a way . '' 
 `` you want us to keep training them ? '' 
 ham asked . 
 kelsier nodded . 
 `` then we 'll have to hide them in squads , '' he said . 
 `` we do n't have the resources to train men individually . 
 say ... a couple hundred men per team ? 
 hidden in slums near one another ? '' 
 `` make sure none of the teams know about the others , '' dockson said . 
 `` or even that we still intend to strike at the palace . 
 with that many men in town , there 's a chance some of them will eventually get taken by the obligators for one reason or another . '' 
 kelsier nodded . 
 `` tell each group that it 's the only one that did n't get disbanded , and that it 's being retained just in case it 's needed at some point in the future . '' 
 `` you also said that recruitment needed to be continued , '' ham said . 
 kelsier nodded . 
 `` i 'd like at least twice as many troops before we try and pull this off . '' 
 `` that 's going to be tough , '' ham said , `` considering our army 's failure . '' 
 `` what failure ? '' 
 kelsier asked . 
 `` tell them the truth-that our army successfully neutralized the garrison . '' 
 `` though most of them died doing it , '' ham said . 
 `` we can gloss over that part , '' breeze said . 
 `` the people will be angry at the executions-that should make them more willing to listen to us . '' 
 `` gathering more troops is going to be your main task over the next few months , ham , '' kelsier said . 
 `` that 's not much time , '' ham said . 
 `` but , i 'll see what i can do . '' 
 `` good , '' kelsier said . 
 `` saze , did the note come ? '' 
 `` it did , master kelsier , '' sazed said , pulling a letter from beneath his cloak and handing it to kelsier . 
 `` and what would that be ? '' 
 breeze asked curiously . 
 `` a message from marsh , '' kelsier said , opening the letter and scanning its contents . 
 `` he 's in the city , and he has news . '' 
 `` what news ? '' 
 ham asked . 
 `` he does n't say , '' kelsier said , grabbing a baywrap . 
 `` but he gave instructions on where to meet him tonight . '' 
 he walked over , picking up a regular skaa cloak . 
 `` i 'm going to go scout the location before it gets dark . 
 coming , vin ? '' 
 she nodded , standing . 
 `` the rest of you keep working on the plan , '' kelsier said . 
 `` in two months ' time , i want this city to be so tense that when it ﬁnally breaks , even the lord ruler wo n't be able to hold it together . '' 
 `` there 's something you 're not telling us , is n't there ? '' 
 vin said , looking away from the window , turning toward kelsier . 
 `` a part of the plan . '' 
 kelsier glanced over at her in the darkness . 
 marsh 's chosen meeting place was an abandoned building within the twists , one of the most impoverished skaa slums . 
 kelsier had located a second abandoned building across from the one they would meet in , and he and vin waited on the top ﬂoor , watching the street for signs of marsh . 
 `` why do you ask me that ? '' 
 kelsier ﬁnally said . 
 `` because of the lord ruler , '' vin said , picking at the rotting wood of her windowsill . 
 `` i felt his power today . 
 i do n't think the others could sense it , not like a mistborn can . 
 but i know you must have . '' 
 she looked up again , meeting kelsier 's eyes . 
 `` you 're still planning to get him out of the city before we try to take the palace , right ? '' 
 `` do n't worry about the lord ruler , '' kelsier said . 
 `` the eleventh metal will take care of him . '' 
 vin frowned . 
 outside , the sun was setting in a ﬁery blaze of frustration . 
 the mists would come soon , and supposedly marsh would arrive a short time later . 
 the eleventh metal , she thought , remembering the skepticism with which the other crewmembers regarded it . 
 `` is it real ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 `` the eleventh metal ? 
 of course it is-i showed it to you , remember ? '' 
 `` that 's not what i mean , '' she said . 
 `` are the legends real ? 
 are you lying ? '' 
 kelsier turned toward her , frowning slightly . 
 then he smirked . 
 `` you 're a very blunt girl , vin . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 kelsier 's smile deepened . 
 `` the answer is no . 
 i 'm not lying . 
 the legends are real , though it took some time for me to ﬁnd them . '' 
 `` and that bit of metal you showed us really is the eleventh metal ? '' 
 `` i think so , '' kelsier said . 
 `` but you do n't know how to use it . '' 
 kelsier paused , then shook his head . 
 `` no . 
 i do n't . '' 
 `` that 's not very comforting . '' 
 kelsier shrugged , turning to look out the window . 
 `` even if i do n't discover the secret in time , i doubt the lord ruler will be as big a problem as you think . 
 he 's a powerful allomancer , but he does n't know everything-if he did , we 'd be dead right now . 
 he 's not omnipotent , either-if he were , he would n't have needed to execute all of those skaa to try and frighten the city into submission . 
 `` i do n't know what he is-but i think he 's more like a man than he is a god . 
 the words in that logbook ... they 're the words of a regular person . 
 his real power comes from his armies and his wealth . 
 if we remove them , he wo n't be able to do anything to stop his empire from collapsing . '' 
 vin frowned . 
 `` he might not be a god , but . . 
 he 's something , kelsier . 
 something different . 
 today , when he was in the square , i could feel his touch on my emotions even when i was burning copper . '' 
 `` that 's not possible , vin , '' kelsier said with a shake of his head . 
 `` if it were , inquisitors would be able to sense allomancy even when there was a smoker nearby . 
 if that were the case , do n't you think they 'd hunt down all of the skaa mistings and kill them ? '' 
 vin shrugged . 
 `` you know the lord ruler is strong , '' kelsier said , `` and you feel like you should still be able to sense him . 
 so you do . '' 
 maybe he 's right , she thought , picking off another bit of the windowsill . 
 he 's been an allomancer for far longer than i have , after all . 
 but ... i felt something , did n't i ? 
 and the inquisitor that nearly killed me-somehow , he found me in the darkness and rain . 
 he must have sensed something . 
 she let the matter drop , however . 
 `` the eleventh metal . 
 could n't we just try it and see what it does ? '' 
 `` it 's not that simple , '' kelsier said . 
 `` you remember how i told you never to burn a metal that was n't one of the ten ? '' 
 vin nodded . 
 `` burning another metal can be deadly , '' kelsier said . 
 `` even getting the wrong mixture in an alloy metal can make you sick . 
 if i 'm wrong about the eleventh metal ... '' `` it will kill you , '' vin said quietly . 
 kelsier nodded . 
 so , you 're not quite as certain as you pretend , she decided . 
 otherwise , you 'd have tried it by now . 
 `` that 's what you want to ﬁnd in the logbook , '' vin said . 
 `` a clue about how to use the eleventh metal . '' 
 kelsier nodded . 
 `` i 'm afraid we were n't very lucky in that respect . 
 so far , the logbook has n't even mentioned allomancy . '' 
 `` though it does talk about feruchemy , '' vin said . 
 kelsier eyed her as he stood by his window , one shoulder leaning against the wall . 
 `` so sazed told you about that ? '' 
 vin glanced down . 
 `` i. . . 
 kind of forced him to . '' 
 kelsier chuckled . 
 `` i wonder what i 've unleashed upon the world by teaching you allomancy . 
 of course , my trainer said the same thing about me . '' 
 `` he was right to worry . '' 
 `` of course he was . '' 
 vin smiled . 
 outside , the sunlight was nearly gone , and diaphanous patches of mist were beginning to form in the air . 
 they hung like ghosts , slowly growing larger , extending their inﬂuence as night approached . 
 `` sazed did n't have time to tell me much about feruchemy , '' vin said carefully . 
 `` what kind of things can it do ? '' 
 she waited in trepidation , assuming that kelsier would see through her lie . 
 `` feruchemy is completely internal , '' kelsier said in an offhand voice . 
 `` it can provide some of the same things we get from pewter and tin-strength , endurance , eyesight-but each attribute has to be stored separately . 
 it can enhance a lot of other things too-things that allomancy ca n't do . 
 memory , physical speed , clarity of thought ... even some strange things , like physical weight or physical age , can be altered by feruchemy . '' 
 `` so , it 's more powerful than allomancy ? '' 
 vin said . 
 kelsier shrugged . 
 `` feruchemy does n't have any external powers-it ca n't push and pull emotions , nor can it steelpush or ironpull . 
 and , the biggest limitation to feruchemy is that you have to store up all of its abilities by drawing them from your own body . 
 `` want to be twice as strong for a time ? 
 well , you have to spend several hours being weak to store up the strength . 
 if you want to store up the ability to heal quickly , you have to spend a great deal of time feeling sick . 
 in allomancy , the metals themselves are our fuel-we can generally keep going as long as we have enough metal to burn . 
 in feruchemy , the metals are just storage devices-your own body is the real fuel . '' 
 `` so , you just steal someone else 's storage metals , right ? '' 
 vin said . 
 kelsier shook his head . 
 `` does n't work-feruchemists can only access metal stores they themselves created . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 kelsier nodded . 
 `` so , no . 
 i would n't say that feruchemy is more powerful than allomancy . 
 they both have advantages and limitations . 
 for instance , an allomancer can only ﬂare a metal so high , and so his maximum strength is bounded . 
 feruchemists do n't have that kind of limitation ; if a feruchemist had enough strength stored up to be twice as strong as normal for an hour , he could choose instead to be three times as strong for a shorter period of time-or even four , ﬁve , or six times as strong for even shorter periods . '' 
 vin frowned . 
 `` that sounds like a pretty big advantage . '' 
 `` true , '' kelsier said , reaching inside of his cloak and pulling out a vial containing several beads of atium . 
 `` but we have this . 
 it does n't matter if a feruchemist is as strong as ﬁve men or as strong as ﬁfty men-if i know what he 's going to do next , i 'll beat him . '' 
 vin nodded . 
 `` here , '' kelsier said , unstoppering the vial and pulling out one of the beads . 
 he took out another vial , this one ﬁlled with the normal alcohol solution , and dropped the bead in it . 
 `` take one of these . 
 you might need it . '' 
 `` tonight ? '' 
 vin asked , accepting the vial . 
 kelsier nodded . 
 `` but , it 's just marsh . '' 
 `` it might be , '' he said . 
 `` then again , maybe the obligators caught him and forced him to write that letter . 
 maybe they 're following him , or maybe they 've since captured him and have tortured him to ﬁnd out about the meeting . 
 marsh is in a very dangerous place-think about trying to do the same thing you 're doing at those balls , except exchange all the noblemen for obligators and inquisitors . '' 
 vin shivered . 
 `` i guess you have a point , '' she said , tucking away the bead of atium . 
 `` you know , something must be wrong with me-i barely even stop to think how much this stuff is worth anymore . '' 
 kelsier did n't respond immediately . 
 `` i have trouble forgetting how much it 's worth , '' he said quietly . 
 `` i. . . '' 
 vin trailed off , glancing down at his hands . 
 he usually wore long-sleeved shirts and gloves now ; his reputation was making it dangerous for his identifying scars to be visible in public . 
 vin knew they were there , however . 
 like thousands of tiny white scratches , layered one over the other . 
 `` anyway , '' kelsier said , `` you 're right about the logbook - i had hoped that it would mention the eleventh metal . 
 but , allomancy is n't even mentioned in reference to feruchemy . 
 the two powers are similar in many respects ; you 'd think that he would compare them . '' 
 `` maybe he worried that someone would read the book , and did n't want to give away that he was an allomancer . '' 
 kelsier nodded . 
 `` maybe . 
 it 's also possible that he had n't snapped yet . 
 whatever happened in those terris mountains changed him from hero to tyrant ; maybe it also awakened his powers . 
 we wo n't know , i guess , until saze ﬁnishes his translation . '' 
 `` is he close ? '' 
 kelsier nodded . 
 `` just a bit left-the important bit , hopefully . 
 i feel a little frustrated with the text so far . 
 the lord ruler has n't even told us what he is supposed to accomplish in those mountains ! 
 he claims that he 's doing something to protect the entire world , but that might just be his ego coming through . '' 
 he did n't seem very egotistical in the text to me , vin thought . 
 kind of the opposite , actually . 
 `` regardless , '' kelsier said , `` we 'll know more once the last few sections are translated . '' 
 it was growing dark outside , and vin had to turn up her tin to see properly . 
 the street outside her window grew visible , adopting the strange mixture of shadow and luminance that was the result of tin-enhanced vision . 
 she knew it was dark , logically . 
 yet , she could still see . 
 not as she did in regular light-everything was muted-but it was sight nonetheless . 
 kelsier checked his pocket watch . 
 `` how long ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 `` another half hour , '' kelsier said . 
 `` assuming he 's on time-and i doubt he will be . 
 he is my brother , after all . '' 
 vin nodded , shifting so that she leaned with arms crossed across the broken windowsill . 
 though it was a very small thing , she felt a comfort in having the atium kelsier had given her . 
 she paused . 
 thinking of atium reminded her of something important . 
 something she 'd been bothered by on several occasions . 
 `` you never taught me the ninth metal ! '' 
 she accused , turning . 
 kelsier shrugged . 
 `` i told you that it was n't very important . '' 
 `` still . 
 what is it ? 
 some alloy of atium , i assume ? '' 
 kelsier shook his head . 
 `` no , the last two metals do n't follow the same pattern as the basic eight . 
 the ninth metal is gold . '' 
 `` gold ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 `` that 's it ? 
 i could have tried it a long time ago on my own ! '' 
 kelsier chuckled . 
 `` assuming you wanted to . 
 burning gold is a somewhat ... uncomfortable experience . '' 
 vin narrowed her eyes , then turned to look back out the window . 
 we 'll see , she thought . 
 `` you 're going to try it anyway , are n't you ? '' 
 kelsier said , smiling . 
 vin did n't respond . 
 kelsier sighed , reaching into his sash and pulling out a golden boxing and a ﬁle . 
 `` you should probably get one of these , '' he said , holding up the ﬁle . 
 `` however , if you collect a metal yourself , burn just a tiny bit ﬁrst to make certain that it 's pure or alloyed correctly . '' 
 `` if it is n't ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 `` you 'll know , '' kelsier promised , beginning to ﬁle away at the coin . 
 `` remember that headache you had from pewter dragging ? '' 
 `` yes ? '' 
 `` bad metal is worse , '' kelsier said . 
 `` far worse . 
 buy your metals when you can-in every city , you 'll ﬁnd a small group of merchants who provide powdered metals to allomancers . 
 those merchants have a vested interest in making certain that all of their metals are pure-a grumpy mistborn with a headache is n't exactly the kind of slighted customer one wants to deal with . '' 
 kelsier ﬁnished ﬁling , then collected a few ﬂakes of gold on a small square of cloth . 
 he stuck one on his ﬁnger , then swallowed it . 
 `` this is good , '' he said , handing her the cloth . 
 `` go ahead-just remember , burning the ninth metal is a strange experience . '' 
 vin nodded , suddenly feeling a bit apprehensive . 
 you 'll never know if you do n't try it for yourself , she thought , then dumped the dustlike ﬂakes into her mouth . 
 she washed them down with a bit of water from her ﬂask . 
 a new metal reserve appeared within her-unfamiliar and different from the nine she knew . 
 she looked up at kelsier , took a breath , and burned gold . 
 she was in two places at once . 
 she could see herself , and she could see herself . 
 one of her was a strange woman , changed and transformed from the girl she had always been . 
 that girl had been careful and cautious-a girl who would never burn an unfamiliar metal based solely on the word of one man . 
 this woman was foolish ; she had forgotten many of the things that had let her survive so long . 
 she drank from cups prepared by others . 
 she fraternized with strangers . 
 she did n't keep track of the people around her . 
 she was still far more careful than most people , but she had lost so much . 
 the other her was something she had always secretly loathed . 
 a child , really . 
 thin to the point of scrawniness , she was lonely , hateful , and untrusting . 
 she loved no one , and no one loved her . 
 she always told herself , quietly , that she did n't care . 
 was there something worth living for ? 
 there had to be . 
 life could n't be as pathetic as it seemed . 
 yet , it had to be . 
 there was n't anything else . 
 vin was both . 
 she stood in two places , moving both bodies , being both girl and woman . 
 she reached out with hesitant , uncertain hands-one each-and touched herself on the faces , one each . 
 vin gasped , and it was gone . 
 she felt a sudden rush of emotions , a sense of worthlessness and confusion . 
 there were no chairs in the room , so she simply squatted to the ground , sitting with her back to the wall , knees pulled up , arms wrapped around them . 
 kelsier walked over , squatting down to lay a hand on her shoulder . 
 `` it 's all right . '' 
 `` what was that ? '' 
 she whispered . 
 `` gold and atium are complements , like the other metal pairs , '' kelsier said . 
 `` atium lets you see , marginally , into the future . 
 gold works in a similar way , but it lets you see into the past . 
 or , at least , it gives you a glimpse of another version of yourself , had things been different in the past . '' 
 vin shivered . 
 the experience of being both people at once , of seeing herself twice over , had been disturbingly eerie . 
 her body still shook , and her mind did n't feel ... right anymore . 
 fortunately , the sensation seemed to be fading . 
 `` remind me to listen to you in the future , '' she said . 
 `` or , at least , when you talk about allomancy . '' 
 kelsier chuckled . 
 `` i tried to put it out of your mind for as long as possible . 
 but , you had to try it sometime . 
 you 'll get over it . '' 
 vin nodded . 
 `` it 's ... almost gone already . 
 but , it was n't just a vision , kelsier . 
 it was real . 
 i could touch her , the other me . '' 
 `` it may feel that way , '' kelsier said . 
 `` but she was n't here - i could n't see her , at least . 
 it 's an hallucination . '' 
 `` atium visions are n't just hallucinations , '' vin said . 
 `` the shadows really do show what people will do . '' 
 `` true , '' kelsier said . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 gold is strange , vin . 
 i do n't think anybody understands it . 
 my trainer , gemmel , said that a gold shadow was a person who did n't exist-but could have . 
 a person you might have become , had you not made certain choices . 
 of course , gemmel was a bit screwy , so i 'm not sure how much i 'd believe of what he said . '' 
 vin nodded . 
 however , it was unlikely that she 'd ﬁnd out more about gold anytime soon . 
 she did n't intend to ever burn it again , if she could help it . 
 she continued to sit , letting her emotions recover for a while , and kelsier moved back over by the window . 
 eventually , he perked up . 
 `` he 's here ? '' 
 vin asked , crawling to her feet . 
 kelsier nodded . 
 `` you want to stay here and rest some more ? '' 
 vin shook her head . 
 `` all right , then , '' he said , placing his pocket watch , ﬁle , and other metals on the windowsill . 
 `` let 's go . '' 
 they did n't go out the window-kelsier wanted to maintain a low proﬁle , though this section of the twists was so deserted that vin was n't sure why he bothered . 
 they left the building via a set of untrustworthy stairs , then crossed the street in silence . 
 the building marsh had chosen was even more run-down than the one vin and kelsier had been sitting in . 
 the front door was gone , though vin could see remnants of it in the splintered refuse on the ﬂoor . 
 the room inside smelled of dust and soot , and she had to stiﬂe a sneeze . 
 a ﬁgure standing on the far side of the room spun at the sound . 
 `` kell ? '' 
 `` it 's me , '' kelsier said . 
 `` and vin . '' 
 as vin drew closer , she could see marsh squinting in the darkness . 
 it was odd to watch him , feeling like she was in plain sight , yet knowing that to him she and kelsier were nothing more than shadows . 
 the far wall of the building had collapsed , and mist ﬂoated freely in the room , nearly as dense as it was outside . 
 `` you have ministry tattoos ! '' 
 vin said , staring at marsh . 
 `` of course , '' marsh said , his voice as stern as ever . 
 `` i had them put on before i met up with the caravan . 
 i had to have them to play the part of an acolyte . '' 
 they were n't extensive-he was playing a low-ranked obligator-but the pattern was unmistakable . 
 dark lines , rimming the eyes , running outward like crawling cracks of lightning . 
 there was one , single line-much thicker , and in bright red , running down the side of his face . 
 vin recognized the pattern : these were the lines of an obligator who belonged to the canton of inquisition . 
 marsh had n't just inﬁltrated the ministry , he 'd chosen the most dangerous section of it to inﬁltrate . 
 `` but , you 'll always have them , '' vin said . 
 `` they 're so distinctive-everywhere you go , you 'll be known as either an obligator or a fraud . '' 
 `` that was part of the price he paid to inﬁltrate the ministry , vin , '' kelsier said quietly . 
 `` it does n't matter , '' marsh said . 
 `` i did n't have much of a life before this anyway . 
 look , can we hurry ? 
 i 'm expected to be somewhere soon . 
 obligators lead busy lives , and i only have a few minutes ' leeway . '' 
 `` all right , '' kelsier said . 
 `` i assume your inﬁltration went well , then ? '' 
 `` it went ﬁne , '' marsh said tersely . 
 `` too well , actually-i think i might have distinguished myself from the group . 
 i assumed that i would be at a disadvantage , since i did n't have the same ﬁve years of training that the other acolytes did . 
 i made certain to answer questions as thoroughly as possible , and to perform my duties with precision . 
 however , i apparently know more about the ministry than even some of its members do . 
 i 'm certainly more competent than this batch of newcomers , and the prelans have noticed that . '' 
 kelsier chuckled . 
 `` you always were an overachiever . '' 
 marsh snorted quietly . 
 `` anyway , my knowledge-not to mention my skill as a seeker-has already earned me an outstanding reputation . 
 i 'm not sure how closely i want the prelans paying attention to me ; that background we devised begins to sound a bit ﬂimsy when an inquisitor is grilling you . '' 
 vin frowned . 
 `` you told them that you 're a misting ? '' 
 `` of course i did , '' marsh said . 
 `` the ministry-particularly the canton of inquisition-recruits noblemen seekers diligently . 
 the fact that i 'm one is enough to keep them from asking too many questions about my background . 
 they 're happy enough to have me , despite the fact that i 'm a fair bit older than most acolytes . '' 
 `` besides , '' kelsier said , `` he needed to tell them he was a misting so that he could get into the more secretive ministry sects . 
 most of the higher-ranking obligators are mistings of one sort or another . 
 they tend to favor their own kind . '' 
 `` with good reason , '' marsh said , speaking quickly . 
 `` kell , the ministry is far more competent than we assumed . '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` they make use of their mistings , '' marsh said . 
 `` good use of them . 
 they have bases throughout the city-soothing stations , as they call them . 
 each one contains a couple of ministry soothers whose only duty is to extend a dampening inﬂuence around them , calming and depressing the emotions of everyone in the area . '' 
 kelsier hissed quietly . 
 `` how many ? '' 
 `` dozens , '' marsh said . 
 `` concentrated in skaa sections of the city . 
 they know that the skaa are beaten , but they want to make sure things stay that way . '' 
 `` bloody hell ! '' 
 kelsier said . 
 `` i always thought that the skaa inside luthadel seemed more beaten down than others . 
 no wonder we had so much trouble recruiting . 
 the people 's emotions are under a constant soothing ! '' 
 marsh nodded . 
 `` the ministry soothers are good , kell - very good . 
 even better than breeze . 
 all they do is soothe all day , every day . 
 and , since they 're not trying to get you to do anything speciﬁc-instead just keeping you from extreme emotional ranges-they 're very hard to notice . 
 `` each team has a smoker to keep them hidden , as well as a seeker to watch for passing allomancers . 
 i 'll bet this is where the inquisitors get a lot of their leads-most of our people are smart enough not to burn when they know that there 's an obligator in the area , but they 're more lax in the slums . '' 
 `` can you get us a list of the stations ? '' 
 kelsier asked . 
 `` we need to know where those seekers are , marsh . '' 
 marsh nodded . 
 `` i 'll try . 
 i 'm on my way to a station right now-they always do personnel changes at night , to maintain their secret . 
 the upper ranks have taken an interest in me , and they 're letting me visit some stations to become familiar with their work . 
 i 'll see if i can get a list for you . '' 
 kelsier nodded in the darkness . 
 `` just . . 
 do n't be stupid with the information , all right ? '' 
 marsh said . 
 `` we have to be careful , kell . 
 the ministry has kept these stations secret for quite some time . 
 now that we know about them , we have a serious advantage . 
 do n't waste it . '' 
 `` i wo n't , '' kelsier promised . 
 `` what about the inquisitors ? 
 did you ﬁnd anything out about them ? '' 
 marsh stood quietly for a moment . 
 `` they 're ... strange , kell . 
 i do n't know . 
 they seem to have all of the allomantic powers , so i assume that they were once mistborn . 
 i ca n't ﬁnd out much else about them-though i do know that they age . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 kelsier said with interest . 
 `` so , they 're not immortal ? '' 
 `` no , '' marsh said . 
 `` the obligators say that inquisitors change occasionally . 
 the creatures are very long-lived , but they do eventually die of old age . 
 new ones must be recruited from noblemen ranks . 
 they 're people , kell-they 've just been ... changed . '' 
 kelsier nodded . 
 `` if they can die of old age , then there 's probably other ways to kill them too . '' 
 `` that 's what i think , '' marsh said . 
 `` i 'll see what i can ﬁnd , but do n't get your hopes up . 
 the inquisitors do n't have many dealings with normal obligators-there 's political tension between the two groups . 
 the lord prelan leads the church , but the inquisitors think that they should be in charge . '' 
 `` interesting , '' kelsier said slowly . 
 vin could practically hear his mind working on the new information . 
 `` anyway , i should go , '' marsh said . 
 `` i had to jog all the way here , and i 'm going to be late getting to my appointment anyway . '' 
 kelsier nodded , and marsh began to move away , picking his way over the rubble in his dark obligator 's robe . 
 `` marsh , '' kelsier said as marsh reached the doorway . 
 marsh turned . 
 `` thank you , '' kelsier said . 
 `` i can only guess how dangerous this is . '' 
 `` i 'm not doing this for you , kell , '' marsh said . 
 `` but ... i appreciate the sentiment . 
 i 'll try and send you another missive once i have more information . '' 
 `` be careful , '' kelsier said . 
 marsh vanished out into the misty night . 
 kelsier stood in the fallen room for a few minutes , staring after his brother . 
 he was n't lying about that either , vin thought . 
 he really does care for marsh . 
 `` let 's go , '' kelsier said . 
 `` we should get you back to mansion renoux-house lekal is throwing another party in a few days , and you 'll need to be there . '' 
 sometimes , my companions claim that i worry and question too much . 
 however , while i may wonder about my stature as the hero , there is one thing that i have never questioned : the ultimate good of our quest . 
 the deepness must be destroyed . 
 i have seen it , and i have felt it . 
 this name we give it is too weak a word , i think . 
 yes , it is deep and unfathomable , but it is also terrible . 
 many do not realize that it is sentient , but i have sensed its mind , such that it is , the few times i have confronted it directly . 
 it is a thing of destruction , madness , and corruption . 
 it would destroy this world not out of spite or out of animosity , but simply because that is what it does . 
 28 keep lekal 's ballroom was shaped like the inside of a pyramid . 
 the dance ﬂoor was set on a waist-high platform at the very center of the room , and the dining tables sat on four similar platforms surrounding it . 
 servants scuttled through the trenches running between the platforms , delivering food to the dining aristocrats . 
 four tiers of balconies ran along the inside perimeter of the pyramidal room , each one a little closer to the point at the top , each one extending just a little bit more over the dance ﬂoor . 
 though the main room was well lit , the balconies themselves were shadowed by their overhangs . 
 the design was intended to allow proper viewing of the keep 's most distinctive artistic feature-the small stained-glass windows that lined each balcony . 
 lekal noblemen bragged that while other keeps had larger windows , keep lekal had the most detailed ones . 
 vin had to admit that they were impressive . 
 she 'd seen so many stained-glass windows over the last few months that she was beginning to take them for granted . 
 keep lekal 's windows , however , put most of them to shame . 
 each of these was an extravagant , detailed marvel of resplendent color . 
 exotic animals pranced , distant landscapes enticed , and portraits of famous noblemen sat proudly . 
 there were also , of course , the requisite pictures dedicated to the ascension . 
 vin could recognize these more easily now , and she was surprised to see references to things she had read in the logbook . 
 the hills of emerald green . 
 the steep mountains , with faint wavelike lines coming from the tips . 
 a deep , dark lake . 
 and ... blackness . 
 the deepness . 
 a chaotic thing of destruction . 
 he defeated it , vin thought . 
 but ... what was it ? 
 perhaps the end of the logbook would reveal more . 
 vin shook her head , leaving the alcove-and its black window-behind . 
 she strolled along the second balcony , wearing a pure white gown-an outﬁt she would never have been able to even imagine during her life as a skaa . 
 ash and soot had been too much a part of her life , and she did n't think she 'd even had a concept of what a pristine white looked like . 
 that knowledge made the dress even more wondrous to her . 
 she hoped she would never lose that-the sense within herself of how life had been before . 
 it made her appreciate what she had so much more than the real nobility seemed to . 
 she continued along the balcony , seeking her prey . 
 glittering colors shone from backlit windows , sparkling light across the ﬂoor . 
 most of the windows glowed inside small viewing alcoves along the balcony , and so the balcony before her was interspersed with pockets of dark and color . 
 vin did n't stop to study any more of the windows ; she 'd done quite a bit of that during her ﬁrst balls at keep lekal . 
 this night she had business to attend to . 
 she found her quarry halfway down the east balcony walkway . 
 lady kliss was speaking with a group of people , so vin paused , pretending to study a window . 
 kliss 's group soon broke up-one could generally only take so much of kliss at a time . 
 the short woman began to walk along the balcony toward vin . 
 when she drew close , vin turned , as if in surprise . 
 `` why , lady kliss ! 
 i have n't seen you all evening . '' 
 kliss turned eagerly , obviously excited by the prospect of another person with whom to gossip . 
 `` lady valette ! '' 
 she said , waddling forward . 
 `` you missed lord cabe 's ball last week ! 
 not due to a relapse of your earlier malady , i hope ? '' 
 `` no , '' vin said . 
 `` i spent that evening dining with my uncle . '' 
 `` oh , '' kliss said , disappointed . 
 a relapse would have made a better story . 
 `` well , that 's good . '' 
 `` i hear you have some interesting news about lady tren-pedri delouse , '' vin said carefully . 
 `` i myself have heard some interesting things lately . '' 
 she eyed kliss , implying that she 'd be willing to trade tidbits . 
 `` oh , that ! '' 
 kliss said eagerly . 
 `` well , i heard that tren-pedri is n't at all interested in a union with house aime , though her father is implying that there will be a wedding soon . 
 you know how the aime sons are , though . 
 why , fedren is an absolute buffoon . '' 
 inwardly , vin rolled her eyes . 
 kliss just kept on talking , not even noticing that vin had something she herself wanted to share . 
 using subtlety on this woman is about as effective as trying to sell bathwater perfumes to a plantation skaa . 
 `` that is interesting , '' vin said , interrupting kliss . 
 `` perhaps tren-pedri 's hesitance comes because of house aime 's connection to house hasting . '' 
 kliss paused . 
 `` why would that be ? '' 
 `` well , we all know what house hasting is planning . '' 
 `` we do ? '' 
 kliss asked . 
 vin pretended to look embarrassed . 
 `` oh . 
 perhaps that is n't known yet . 
 please , lady kliss , forget that i said anything . '' 
 `` forget ? '' 
 kliss said . 
 `` why , it 's already forgotten . 
 but , come now , you ca n't just stop . 
 what do you mean ? '' 
 `` i should n't say , '' vin said . 
 `` it 's just something i overheard my uncle talking about . '' 
 `` your uncle ? '' 
 kliss asked , growing more eager . 
 `` what did he say ? 
 you know that you can trust me . '' 
 `` well ... '' vin said . 
 `` he said that house hasting was relocating a lot of resources back to its plantations in the southern dominance . 
 my uncle was quite happy-hasting has withdrawn from some of its contracts , and my uncle was hoping to get them instead . '' 
 `` relocating ... '' kliss said . 
 `` why , they would n't do that unless they were planning to withdraw from the city ... '' `` could you blame them ? '' 
 vin asked quietly . 
 `` i mean , who wants to risk what happened to house tekiel ? '' 
 `` who indeed ... '' kliss said . 
 she was practically shaking with eagerness to go share the news . 
 `` anyway , please , this is obviously only hearsay , '' vin said . 
 `` you probably should n't tell anyone about it . '' 
 `` of course , '' kliss said . 
 `` um ... excuse me . 
 i need to go refresh myself . '' 
 `` of course , '' vin said , watching the woman zip away toward the balcony stairs . 
 vin smiled . 
 house hasting was making no such preparations , of course ; hasting was one of the strongest families in the city , and would n't likely withdraw . 
 however , dockson was back at the shop forging documents which , when delivered to the right places , would imply that hasting was planning to do what vin had said . 
 if all went well , the entire city would soon expect a hasting withdrawal . 
 their allies would plan for it , and might even begin to withdraw themselves . 
 people seeking to buy weapons would instead look to other places , fearing that hasting would n't be able to make good on contracts once it left . 
 when hasting did n't withdraw , it would make them look indecisive . 
 their allies gone , their income weakened , they could very well be the next house to fall . 
 house hasting , however , was one of the easy ones to work against . 
 it had a reputation for extreme subterfuge , and people would believe that it was planning a secret retreat . 
 in addition , hasting was a strong mercantile house-meaning it depended a great deal upon its contracts to survive . 
 a house with such an obvious , dominating source of income also had an obvious weakness . 
 lord hasting had worked hard to increase his house 's inﬂuence over the last few decades , and in doing so he had extended his house 's resources to their limits . 
 other houses were far more stable . 
 vin sighed , turning and strolling down the walkway , eyeing the massive clock set between the balconies on the other side of the chamber . 
 venture would not fall easily . 
 it remained powerful through the sheer force of fortune ; though it participated in some contracts , it did n't rely on them like other houses . 
 venture was rich enough , and powerful enough , that even mercantile disaster would only jostle it . 
 in a way , venture 's stability was a good thing-for vin , at least . 
 the house had no obvious weaknesses , so maybe the crew would n't be too disappointed when she could n't discover any way to bring it down . 
 after all , they did n't absolutely need to destroy house venture ; doing so would simply make the plan go more smoothly . 
 whatever happened , vin had to make sure that venture did n't suffer the same fate as house tekiel . 
 their reputation destroyed , their ﬁnances unhinged , the tekiel had tried to pull out of the city-and this ﬁnal show of weakness had been too much . 
 some of tekiel 's nobility had been assassinated before they left ; the rest had been found in the burned-out ruins of their canal boats , apparently hit by bandits . 
 vin , however , knew of no thieving band who would dare slaughter so many noblemen . 
 kelsier still had n't been able to discover which house was behind the murders , but the luthadel nobility did n't seem to care who the culprit was . 
 house tekiel had allowed itself to grow weak , and nothing was more embarrassing to the aristocracy than a great house that could n't maintain itself . 
 kelsier had been right : though polite groups met at balls , the nobility were more than willing to stab each other square in the chest if it beneﬁted them . 
 kind of like thieving crews , she thought . 
 the nobility really are n't that different from the people i grew up around . 
 the atmosphere was only made more dangerous by its polite niceties . 
 underneath that front were plots , assassinations , and-perhaps most importantly-mistborn . 
 it was no accident that all of the balls she had attended recently had displayed great numbers of guards , both wearing armor and not . 
 the parties now served the additional purpose of warning and showing strength . 
 elend is safe , she told herself . 
 despite what he thinks of his family , they 've done a good job of maintaining their place in the luthadel hierarchy . 
 he 's the heir-they 'll protect him from assassins . 
 she wished those assertions sounded just a bit more convincing . 
 she knew that shan elariel was planning something . 
 house venture might be safe , but elend himself was a little bit ... oblivious sometimes . 
 if shan did something against him personally , it might or might not be a major blow against house venture-but it would certainly be a major blow against vin . 
 `` lady valette renoux , '' a voice said . 
 `` i do believe that you 're late . '' 
 vin turned to see elend lounging in an alcove to her left . 
 she smiled , glancing down at the clock , noticing that it was indeed a few minutes past the time when she had promised to meet him . 
 `` i must be picking up bad habits from some friends of mine , '' she said , stepping into the alcove . 
 `` now , see , i did n't say it was a bad thing , '' elend said , smiling . 
 `` why , i 'd say that it is a lady 's courtly duty to be a bit dilatory . 
 it does gentlemen good to be forced to wait upon a woman 's whims-or , so my mother was always fond of telling me . '' 
 `` it sounds like she was a wise woman , '' vin said . 
 the alcove was just large enough for two people standing sideways . 
 she stood across from him , the balcony overhang a short distance to her left , a marvelous lavender window to her right , their feet nearly touching . 
 `` oh , i do n't know about that , '' elend said . 
 `` she married my father , after all . '' 
 `` thereby joining the most powerful house in the final empire . 
 you ca n't do much better than that-though , i suppose she could have tried to marry the lord ruler . 
 last i knew , though , he was n't in the market for a wife . '' 
 `` pity , '' elend said . 
 `` maybe he 'd look a little less depressed if there were a woman in his life . '' 
 `` i guess that would depend on the woman . '' 
 vin glanced to the side as a small group of courtgoers strolled past . 
 `` you know , this is n't exactly the most private location . 
 people are giving us odd looks . '' 
 `` you 're the one who stepped in here with me , '' elend pointed out . 
 `` yes , well , i was n't thinking about the gossip we might start . '' 
 `` let it start , '' elend said standing up straight . 
 `` because it will make your father angry ? '' 
 elend shook his head . 
 `` i do n't care about that anymore , valette . '' 
 elend took a step forward , bringing them even closer together . 
 vin could feel his breath . 
 he stood there for a moment before speaking . 
 `` i think i 'm going to kiss you . '' 
 vin shivered slightly . 
 `` i do n't think you want to do that , elend . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` how much do you really know about me ? '' 
 `` not as much as i 'd like to , '' he said . 
 `` not as much as you need to , either , '' vin said , looking up into his eyes . 
 `` so tell me , '' he said . 
 `` i ca n't . 
 not right now . '' 
 elend stood for a moment , then nodded slightly and pulled away . 
 he walked out onto the balcony walkway . 
 `` so , shall we go for a stroll , then ? '' 
 `` yes , '' vin said , relieved-yet just a bit disappointed as well . 
 `` it 's for the best , '' elend said . 
 `` that alcove has absolutely terrible reading light . '' 
 `` do n't you dare , '' vin said , eyeing the book in his pocket as she joined him on the walkway . 
 `` read when you 're with someone else , not me . '' 
 `` but that 's how our relationship began ! '' 
 `` and that 's how it could end too , '' vin said , taking his arm . 
 elend smiled . 
 they were n't the only couple walking the balcony , and down below , other pairs spun slowly to the faint music . 
 it seems so peaceful . 
 yet , just a few days ago , many of these people stood and watched idly as women and children were beheaded . 
 she felt elend 's arm , his warmth beside her . 
 kelsier said that he smiled so much because he felt he needed to take what joy he could in the world-to relish the moments of happiness that seemed so infrequent in the final empire . 
 strolling for a time beside elend , vin thought she was beginning to understand how kelsier felt . 
 `` valette ... '' elend said slowly . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` i want you to leave luthadel , '' he said . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he paused , turning to look at her . 
 `` i 've thought about this a lot . 
 you may not realize it , but the city is becoming dangerous . 
 very dangerous . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 `` then you know that a small house without allies has no place in the central dominance right now , '' elend said . 
 `` your uncle was brave to come here and try to establish himself , but he chose the wrong time . 
 i. . . 
 i think things are going to get out of hand here very soon . 
 when that happens , i ca n't guarantee your safety . '' 
 `` my uncle knows what he 's doing , elend . '' 
 `` this is different , valette , '' elend said . 
 `` entire houses are falling . 
 the tekiel family was n't slaughtered by bandits - that was the work of house hasting . 
 those wo n't be the last deaths we see before this is through . '' 
 vin paused , thinking of shan again . 
 `` but ... you 're safe , right ? 
 house venture-it 's not like the others . 
 it 's stable . '' 
 elend shook his head . 
 `` we 're even more vulnerable than the rest , valette . '' 
 `` but , your fortune is large , '' vin said . 
 `` you do n't depend on contracts . '' 
 `` they may not be visible , '' elend said quietly , `` but they 're there , valette . 
 we put on a good show , and the others assume that we have more than we do . 
 however , with the lord ruler 's house taxings ... well , the only way we maintain so much power in this city is through income . 
 secret income . '' 
 vin frowned , and elend leaned closer , speaking almost in a whisper . 
 `` my family mines the lord ruler 's atium , valette , '' he said . 
 `` that 's where our wealth comes from . 
 in a way , our stability depends almost completely on the lord ruler 's whims . 
 he does n't like to bother collecting the atium himself , but he gets very perturbed if the delivery schedule is disrupted . '' 
 find out more ! 
 instinct told her . 
 this is the secret ; this is what kelsier needs . 
 `` oh , elend , '' vin whispered . 
 `` you should n't be telling me this . '' 
 `` why not ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` i trust you . 
 look , you need to understand how dangerous things are . 
 the atium supply has been having some troubles lately . 
 ever since ... well , something happened a few years ago . 
 ever since then , things have been different . 
 my father ca n't meet the lord ruler 's quotas , and last time that happened ... '' `` what ? '' 
 `` well , '' elend said , looking troubled . 
 `` let 's just say that things could soon grow very bad for the ventures . 
 the lord ruler depends on that atium , valette-it 's one of the prime ways he controls the nobility . 
 a house without atium is a house that ca n't defend itself from mistborn . 
 by keeping a large reserve , the lord ruler controls the market , making himself extremely wealthy . 
 he funds his armies by making atium scarce , then selling extra bits for lavish amounts . 
 if you knew more about the economics of allomancy , this would probably make a lot more sense to you . '' 
 oh , trust me . 
 i understand more than you think . 
 and now i know far more than i should . 
 elend paused , smiling pleasantly as an obligator strolled along the balcony walkway beside them . 
 the obligator looked them over as he passed , eyes thoughtful within their web of tattoos . 
 elend turned back to her as soon as the obligator had passed . 
 `` i want you to leave , '' he repeated . 
 `` people know that i 've paid attention to you . 
 hopefully , they 'll assume it was just to spite my father , but they could still try to use you . 
 the great houses would n't have any qualms about crushing your entire family just to get at me and my father . 
 you have to go . '' 
 `` i 'll ... think about it , '' vin said . 
 `` there is n't much time left for thinking , '' elend warned . 
 `` i want you to leave before you get too involved with what is going on in this city . '' 
 i 'm already involved so much more than you think . 
 `` i said i 'd think about it , '' she said . 
 `` look , elend , i think you should be more worried about yourself . 
 i think shan elariel is going to try something to strike against you . '' 
 `` shan ? '' 
 elend said with amusement . 
 `` she 's harmless . '' 
 `` i do n't think she is , elend . 
 you need to be more careful . '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` look at us ... each one trying to convince the other how dreadfully dire the situation is , each one bullheadedly refusing to listen to the other . '' 
 vin paused , then smiled . 
 elend sighed . 
 `` you 're not going to listen to me , are you ? 
 is there anything i can do to make you leave ? '' 
 `` not right now , '' she said quietly . 
 `` look , elend , ca n't we just enjoy the time we have together ? 
 if things continue as they are , we might not have many more opportunities like this for a while . '' 
 he paused , then ﬁnally nodded . 
 she could see he was still troubled , but he did turn back to their walk , letting her gently take his arm again as they strolled . 
 they walked together for a time , silent until something drew vin 's attention . 
 she removed her hands from his arm , instead reaching down to take his hand in her own . 
 he glanced at her , frowning in confusion as she tapped the ring on his ﬁnger . 
 `` it really is metal , '' she said , a bit surprised , despite what she 'd been told . 
 elend nodded . 
 `` pure gold . '' 
 `` do n't you worry about . . '' 
 `` allomancers ? '' 
 elend asked . 
 he shrugged . 
 `` i do n't know-they 're not the sort of thing that i 've ever had to deal with . 
 you do n't wear metal , out on the plantations ? '' 
 vin shook her head , tapping one of the barrettes in her hair . 
 `` painted wood , '' she said . 
 elend nodded . 
 `` probably wise , '' he said . 
 `` but , well , the longer you stay in luthadel , the more you 'll realize that little we do here is done in the name of wisdom . 
 the lord ruler wears metal rings-and so , therefore , does the nobility . 
 some philosophers think that 's all part of his plan . 
 the lord ruler wears metal because he knows that the nobility will mimic him , and therefore give his inquisitors power over them . '' 
 `` do you agree ? '' 
 vin asked , taking his arm again as they walked . 
 `` with the philosophers , i mean ? '' 
 elend shook his head . 
 `` no , '' he said in a quieter voice . 
 `` the lord ruler . . 
 he 's just arrogant . 
 i 've read of warriors , long ago , who would run into battle without armor on , supposedly to prove how brave and strong they were . 
 that 's how this is , i think-though admittedly on a far more subtle level . 
 he wears metal to ﬂaunt his power , to show how unfrightened-how unthreatened-he is by anything we could do to him . '' 
 well , vin thought , he 's willing to call the lord ruler arrogant . 
 perhaps i can get him to admit a little more ... elend paused , glancing over at the clock . 
 `` i 'm afraid i do n't have a whole lot of time tonight , valette . '' 
 `` that 's right , '' vin said . 
 `` you 'll need to go off and meet with your friends . '' 
 she glanced at him , trying to gauge his reaction . 
 he did n't seem very surprised . 
 he simply raised an eyebrow in her direction . 
 `` indeed , i will . 
 you 're very observant . '' 
 `` it does n't take much observing , '' vin said . 
 `` anytime we 're at keeps hasting , venture , lekal , or elariel , you run off with the same people . '' 
 `` my drinking friends , '' elend said with a smile . 
 `` an unlikely group in today 's political climate , but one that helps annoy my father . '' 
 `` what do you do at these meetings ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 `` we talk philosophy , mostly , '' elend said . 
 `` we 're kind of a stuffy lot-which is n't too surprising , i guess , if you know any of us . 
 we talk about the government , about politics ... about the lord ruler . '' 
 `` what about him ? '' 
 `` well , we do n't like some of the things he 's done with the final empire . '' 
 `` so you do want to overthrow him ! '' 
 vin said . 
 elend gave her a strange look . 
 `` overthrow him ? 
 what gave you that idea , valette ? 
 he 's the lord ruler-he 's god . 
 we ca n't do anything about him being in charge . '' 
 he looked away as they continued to walk . 
 `` no , my friends and i , we just . . 
 wish the final empire could be a little different . 
 we ca n't change things now , but maybe someday-assuming we all survive the next year or so-we 'll be in positions to inﬂuence the lord ruler . '' 
 `` to do what ? '' 
 `` well , take those executions a few days ago , '' elend said . 
 `` i do n't see that they did any good . 
 the skaa rebelled . 
 in reprisal , the ministry executed a few hundred random people . 
 what is that going to do besides make the populace even more angry ? 
 so , next time the rebellion will be bigger . 
 does that mean that the lord ruler will order more people beheaded ? 
 how long can that continue before there just are n't any skaa left ? '' 
 vin walked thoughtfully . 
 `` and what would you do , elend venture ? '' 
 she ﬁnally said . 
 `` if you were in charge . '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' elend confessed . 
 `` i 've read a lot of books-some that i 'm not supposed to-and i have n't found any easy answers . 
 i 'm pretty certain , however , that beheading people wo n't solve anything . 
 the lord ruler has been around for a long time-you 'd think that he 'd have found a better way . 
 but , anyway , we 'll have to continue this later ... '' he slowed , turning to look at her . 
 `` time already ? '' 
 she asked . 
 elend nodded . 
 `` i promised i 'd meet them , and they kind of look to me . 
 i suppose i could tell them i 'll be late ... '' vin shook her head . 
 `` go drink with your friends . 
 i 'll be ﬁne-i have a few more people i need to talk to anyway . '' 
 she did need to get back to work ; breeze and dockson had spent hours planning and preparing the lies that she was supposed to spread , and they would be waiting for her report back at clubs 's shop after the party . 
 elend smiled . 
 `` maybe i should n't worry about you so much . 
 who knows-considering all of your political maneuvering , maybe house renoux will soon be the power in town , and i 'll just be a lowly beggar . '' 
 vin smiled , and he bowed-winking at her-then was off toward the stairs . 
 vin walked slowly over to the balcony railing , looking down at the people dancing and dining below . 
 so he 's not a revolutionary , she thought . 
 kelsier was right again . 
 i wonder if he ever gets tired of that . 
 but still , she could n't feel too disappointed with elend . 
 not everyone was so insane that they 'd think to overthrow their god-emperor . 
 the mere fact that elend was willing to think for himself set him apart from the rest ; he was a good man , one who deserved a woman who was worthy of his trust . 
 unfortunately , he had vin . 
 so house venture secretly mines the lord ruler 's atium , she thought . 
 they must be the ones who administer the pits of hathsin . 
 it was a frighteningly precarious position for a house to be in-their ﬁnances depended directly on pleasing the lord ruler . 
 elend thought that he was being careful , but vin was worried . 
 he was n't taking shan elariel seriously enough-of that , vin was certain . 
 she turned , walking intently from the balcony and down to the main ﬂoor . 
 she found shan 's table easily ; the woman always sat with a large group of attendant noblewomen , presiding like a lord over his plantation . 
 vin paused . 
 she 'd never approached shan directly . 
 someone , however , needed to protect elend ; he was obviously too foolish to do it himself . 
 vin strode forward . 
 shan 's terrisman studied vin as she approached . 
 he was so different from sazed-he did n't have the same ... spirit . 
 this man maintained a ﬂat expression , like some creature carved of stone . 
 a few of the ladies shot disapproving glances toward vin , but most of them-shan included-ignored her . 
 vin stood awkwardly beside the table , waiting for a lull in the conversation . 
 there was none . 
 finally , she just took a few steps closer to shan . 
 `` lady shan ? '' 
 she asked . 
 shan turned with an icy glare . 
 `` i did n't send for you , country girl . '' 
 `` yes , but i 've found some books like you - '' `` i no longer require your services , '' shan said , turning away . 
 `` i can deal with elend venture on my own . 
 now , be a good little twit and stop bothering me . '' 
 vin stood , stunned . 
 `` but , your plan - '' `` i said that you are no longer needed . 
 you think i was harsh on you before , girl ? 
 that was when you were on my good side . 
 try annoying me now . '' 
 vin wilted reﬂexively before the woman 's demeaning gaze . 
 she seemed ... disgusted . 
 angry , even . 
 jealous ? 
 she must have ﬁgured it out , vin thought . 
 she ﬁnally realized out that i 'm not just playing with elend . 
 she knows that i care for him , and does n't trust me to keep her secrets . 
 vin backed away from the table . 
 apparently , she would have to use other methods to discover shan 's plans . 
 despite what he often said , elend venture did not consider himself to be a rude man . 
 he was more of a. . . 
 verbal philosopher . 
 he liked to test and turn conversation to see how people would react . 
 like the great thinkers of old , he pushed boundaries and experimented with unconventional methods . 
 of course , he thought , holding his cup of brandy up before his eyes , inspecting it musingly , most of those old philosophers were eventually executed for treason . 
 not exactly the most successful role models . 
 his evening political conversation with his group was ﬁnished , and he had retired with several friends to keep lekal 's gentlemen 's lounge , a small chamber adjacent to the ballroom . 
 it was furnished in deep green colors , and the chairs were comfortable ; it would have been a nice place to read , had he been in a slightly better mood . 
 jastes sat across from him , pufﬁng contentedly on his pipe . 
 it was good to see the young lekal looking so calm . 
 these last few weeks had been difﬁcult for him . 
 house war , elend thought . 
 what terrible timing . 
 why now ? 
 things were going so well ... telden returned with a reﬁlled drink a few moments later . 
 `` you know , '' jastes said , gesturing with his pipe , `` any one of the servants in here would have brought you a new drink . '' 
 `` i felt like stretching my legs , '' telden said , settling into the third chair . 
 `` and you ﬂirted with no less than three women on your way back , '' jastes said . 
 `` i counted . '' 
 telden smiled , sipping his drink . 
 the large man never just `` sat '' - he lounged . 
 telden could look relaxed and comfortable no matter what the situation , his sharp suits and well-styled hair enviably handsome . 
 maybe i should pay just a little more attention to things like that , elend thought to himself . 
 valette suffers my hair the way it is , but would she like it better if i had it styled ? 
 elend often intended to make his way to a stylist or tailor , but other things tended to steal his attention . 
 he 'd get lost in his studies or spend too long reading , then ﬁnd himself late for his appointments . 
 again . 
 `` elend is quiet this evening , '' telden noticed . 
 though other groups of gentlemen sat in the dim lounge , the chairs were spread out enough to allow for private conversations . 
 `` he 's been like that a lot , lately , '' jastes said . 
 `` ah , yes , '' telden said , frowning slightly . 
 elend knew them well enough to take the hint . 
 `` now , see , why must people be like this ? 
 if you have something to say , why not simply say it ? '' 
 `` politics , my friend , '' jastes said . 
 `` we are-if you have n't noticed-noblemen . '' 
 elend rolled his eyes . 
 `` all right , i 'll say it , '' jastes replied , running his hand through his hair-a nervous habit that elend was sure contributed somewhat to the young man 's growing baldness . 
 `` you 've been spending a lot of time with that renoux girl , elend . '' 
 `` there is a simple explanation for that , '' elend said . 
 `` you see , i happen to like her . '' 
 `` not good , elend , '' telden said with a shake of his head . 
 `` not good . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 elend asked . 
 `` you seem pleased enough to ignore class variances yourself , telden . 
 i 've seen you ﬂirt with half the serving girls in the room . '' 
 `` i 'm not heir to my house , '' telden said . 
 `` and , '' jastes said , `` these girls are trustworthy . 
 my family hired these women-we know their houses , their backgrounds , and their allegiances . '' 
 elend frowned . 
 `` what are you implying ? '' 
 `` something 's strange about that girl , elend , '' jastes said . 
 he 'd gone back to his normal nervous self , his pipe sitting unnoticed in its holder on the table . 
 telden nodded . 
 `` she got too close to you too quickly , elend . 
 she wants something . '' 
 `` like what ? '' 
 elend asked , growing annoyed . 
 `` elend , elend , '' jastes said . 
 `` you ca n't just avoid the game by saying you do n't want to play . 
 it 'll ﬁnd you . 
 renoux moved into town just as house tensions began to rise , and he brought with him an unknown scion-a girl who immediately began to woo the most important and available young man in luthadel . 
 does n't that seem odd to you ? '' 
 `` actually , '' elend noted , `` i approached her ﬁrst-if only because she had stolen my reading spot . '' 
 `` but , you have to admit that it 's suspicious how quickly she latched on to you , '' telden said . 
 `` if you 're going to dabble with romance , elend , you need to learn one thing : you can play with women if you want , but do n't let yourself get too close to them . 
 that 's where the trouble starts . '' 
 elend shook his head . 
 `` valette is different . '' 
 the other two shared a look , then telden shrugged , turning back to his drink . 
 jastes , however , sighed , then stood and stretched . 
 `` anyway , i should probably be going . '' 
 `` one more drink , '' telden said . 
 jastes shook his head , running a hand through his hair . 
 `` you know how my parents are on ball nights-if i do n't go out and bid farewell to at least some of the guests , i 'll be nagged about it for weeks . '' 
 the younger man wished them good night , walking back toward the main ballroom . 
 telden sipped his drink , eyeing elend . 
 `` i 'm not thinking about her , '' elend said testily . 
 `` what , then ? '' 
 `` the meeting tonight , '' elend said . 
 `` i 'm not sure if i like how it went . '' 
 `` bah , '' the large man said with a wave of his hand . 
 `` you 're getting as bad as jastes . 
 what happened to the man who attended these meetings just to relax and enjoy time with his friends ? '' 
 `` he 's worried , '' elend said . 
 `` some of his friends might end up in charge of their houses sooner than he expected , and he 's worried that none of us are ready . '' 
 telden snorted . 
 `` do n't be so melodramatic , '' he said , smiling and winking to the serving girl who came to clear away his empty cups . 
 `` i have a feeling that this is all just going to blow over . 
 in a few months , we 'll look back and wonder what all the fretting was about . '' 
 kale tekiel wo n't look back , elend thought . 
 the conversation waned , however , and telden eventually excused himself . 
 elend sat for a while longer , opening the dictates of society for another read , but he had trouble concentrating . 
 he turned the cup of brandy in his ﬁngers , but did n't drink much . 
 i wonder if valette 's out yet ... he 'd tried to ﬁnd her once his meeting was over , but apparently she 'd been in a private gathering of her own . 
 that girl , he thought lazily , is far too interested in politics for her own good . 
 perhaps he was just jealous-only a few months in court , and she already seemed to be more competent than he was . 
 she was so fearless , so bold , so ... interesting . 
 she did n't ﬁt any of the courtly stereotypes he 'd been taught to expect . 
 could jastes be right ? 
 he wondered . 
 she certainly is different from other women , and she did imply there were things about her i did n't know . 
 elend pushed the thought out of his mind . 
 valette was different , true-but she was also innocent , in a way . 
 eager , full of wonder and spunk . 
 he worried about her ; she obviously did n't know how dangerous luthadel could be . 
 there was so much more to politics in the city than simple parties and petty intrigues . 
 what would happen if someone decided to send a mistborn to deal with her and her uncle ? 
 renoux was poorly connected , and none of the court 's members would blink twice at a few assassinations in fellise . 
 did valette 's uncle know how to take the proper precautions ? 
 did he even worry about allomancers ? 
 elend sighed . 
 he 'd just have to make certain that valette left the area . 
 that was the only option . 
 by the time his carriage reached keep venture , elend had decided that he 'd drunk too much . 
 he made his way up to his rooms , looking forward to his bed and pillows . 
 the hallway to his bedroom , however , passed by his father 's study . 
 the door was open , and light still spilled out despite the late hour . 
 elend tried to walk quietly on the carpeted ﬂoor , but he 'd never really been all that stealthy . 
 `` elend ? '' 
 his father 's voice called from the study . 
 `` come in here . '' 
 elend sighed quietly . 
 lord straff venture did n't miss much . 
 he was a tineye-his senses were so keen that he 'd probably heard elend 's carriage approaching outside . 
 if i do n't deal with him now , he 'll just send the servants to pester me until i come down to speak with him ... elend turned and walked into the study . 
 his father sat in his chair , speaking quietly with tensoon-the venture kandra . 
 elend still was n't used to the creature 's most recent body , which had once belonged to a servant in the hasting household . 
 elend shivered as it noticed him . 
 it bowed , then quietly retreated from the room . 
 elend leaned against the doorframe . 
 straff 's chair sat in front of several shelves of books-not a single one of which , elend was conﬁdent , his father had ever read . 
 the room was lit by two lamps , their hoods mostly closed to allow out only a bit of light . 
 `` you attended the ball tonight , '' straff said . 
 `` what did you learn ? '' 
 elend reached up , rubbing his forehead . 
 `` that i have a tendency to drink far too much brandy . '' 
 straff was not amused by the comment . 
 he was the perfect imperial nobleman-tall , ﬁrm-shouldered , always dressed in a tailored vest and suit . 
 `` you met with that ... woman again ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` valette ? 
 hum , yes . 
 not for as long as i would have liked , though . '' 
 `` i forbade you from spending time with her . '' 
 `` yes , '' elend said . 
 `` i remember . '' 
 straff 's expression darkened . 
 he stood , walking over to the desk . 
 `` oh , elend , '' he said . 
 `` when are you going to get over this childish temperament you have ? 
 do you think i do n't realize that you act foolishly simply to spite me ? '' 
 `` actually , i got over my ` childish temperament ' some time ago , father-it just seems that my natural inclinations work even better to annoy you . 
 i wish i had known that earlier ; i could have saved a great deal of effort in my younger years . '' 
 his father snorted , then held up a letter . 
 `` i dictated this to staxles a short time ago . 
 it is an acceptance of a lunch appointment with lord tegas tomorrow afternoon . 
 if a house war does come , i want to make certain we are in a position to destroy the hastings as quickly as possible , and tegas could be a strong ally . 
 he has a daughter . 
 i 'd like you to dine with her at the luncheon . '' 
 `` i 'll consider it , '' elend said , tapping his head . 
 `` i 'm not sure what kind of state i 'll be in tomorrow morning . 
 too much brandy , remember ? '' 
 `` you 'll be there , elend . 
 this is not a request . '' 
 elend paused . 
 a part of him wanted to snap back at his father , to make a stand-not because he cared about where he dined , but because of something far more important . 
 hasting is the second-most-powerful house in the city . 
 if we made an allegiance with them , together we could keep luthadel from chaos . 
 we could stop the house war , not enﬂame it . 
 that 's what his books had done to him-they had changed him from rebellious fop into would-be philosopher . 
 unfortunately , he 'd been a fool for so long . 
 was it any wonder that straff had n't noticed the change in his son ? 
 elend himself was only starting to realize it . 
 straff continued to glare at him , and elend looked away . 
 `` i 'll think about it , '' he said . 
 straff waved his hand dismissively , turning . 
 trying to salvage something of his pride , elend continued . 
 `` you probably do n't even have to worry about the hastings-it seems that they 're making preparations to bolt the city . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 straff asked . 
 `` where did you hear that ? '' 
 `` at the ball , '' elend said lightly . 
 `` i thought you said you did n't learn anything important . '' 
 `` now , see , i never said anything of the sort . 
 i just did n't feel like sharing with you . '' 
 lord venture frowned . 
 `` i do n't know why i even care - anything you learn is bound to be worthless . 
 i tried to train you in politics , boy . 
 i really did . 
 but now ... well , i hope i live to see you dead , because this house is in for dire times if you ever take control . '' 
 `` i know more than you think , father . '' 
 straff laughed , walking back to sit in his chair . 
 `` i doubt that , boy . 
 why , you ca n't even bed a woman properly-the last , and only , time i know about you trying it , i had to take you to the brothel myself . '' 
 elend ﬂushed . 
 careful , he told himself . 
 he 's bringing that up on purpose . 
 he knows how much it bothers you . 
 `` get to bed , boy , '' straff said with a wave of his hand . 
 `` you look terrible . '' 
 elend stood for a moment , then ﬁnally ducked out into the hallway , sighing quietly to himself . 
 that 's the difference between you and them , elend , he thought . 
 those philosophers you read-they were revolutionaries . 
 they were willing to risk execution . 
 you ca n't even stand up to your father . 
 he walked tiredly up to his rooms-where , oddly , he found a servant waiting for him . 
 elend frowned . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 `` lord elend , you have a guest , '' the man said . 
 `` at this hour ? '' 
 `` it 's lord jastes lekal , my lord . '' 
 elend cocked his head slightly . 
 what in the lord ruler 's name ... ? 
 `` he 's waiting in the sitting room , i assume ? '' 
 `` yes , my lord , '' the servant said . 
 elend turned regretfully away from his chambers , walking back down the hallway . 
 he found jastes waiting impatiently . 
 `` jastes ? '' 
 elend said tiredly , walking into the sitting room . 
 `` i hope you have something very important to tell me . '' 
 jastes shufﬂed uncomfortably for a moment , looking even more nervous than normal . 
 `` what ? '' 
 elend demanded , his patience waning . 
 `` it 's about the girl . '' 
 `` valette ? '' 
 elend asked . 
 `` you came here to discuss valette ? 
 now ? '' 
 `` you should trust your friends more , '' jastes said . 
 elend snorted . 
 `` trust your knowledge of women ? 
 no offense , jastes , but i think not . '' 
 `` i had her followed , elend , '' jastes blurted out . 
 elend paused . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` i had her carriage followed . 
 or , at least , i had someone watch for it at the city gates . 
 she was n't in it when it left the city . '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 elend asked , his frown deepening . 
 `` she was n't in the carriage , elend , '' jastes repeated . 
 `` while her terrisman was producing papers for the guards , my man snuck up and peeked through the carriage window , and there was nobody inside . 
 `` the carriage must have dropped her off somewhere in town . 
 she 's a spy from one of the other houses-they 're trying to get at your father through you . 
 they created the perfect woman to attract you-dark-haired , a bit mysterious , and outside of the regular political structure . 
 they made her lowborn enough that it would be a scandal for you to be interested in her , then set her on you . '' 
 `` jastes , this is ridicu - '' `` elend , '' jastes interrupted . 
 `` tell me one more time : how did you meet her the ﬁrst time ? '' 
 elend paused . 
 `` she was standing on the balcony . '' 
 `` in your reading spot , '' jastes said . 
 `` everyone knows that 's where you usually go . 
 coincidence ? '' 
 elend closed his eyes . 
 not valette . 
 she ca n't be part of all this . 
 but , immediately , another thought occurred to him . 
 i told her about the atium ! 
 how could i be so stupid ? 
 it could n't be true . 
 he would n't believe that he had been duped so easily . 
 but ... could he risk it ? 
 he was a bad son , true , but he was no traitor to the house . 
 he did n't want to see venture fall ; he wanted to lead it someday , so that perhaps he 'd be able to change things . 
 he bid jastes farewell , then walked back to his rooms with a distracted step . 
 he felt too tired to think about house politics . 
 however , when he ﬁnally got into bed , he found that he could n't sleep . 
 eventually , he rose , sending for a servant . 
 `` tell my father i want to make a trade , '' elend explained to the man . 
 `` i 'll go to his luncheon tomorrow , just as he wants . '' 
 elend paused , standing in his evening robe by his bedroom door . 
 `` in exchange , '' he ﬁnally said , `` tell him i want to borrow a couple of spies so that they can follow someone for me . '' 
 the others all think i should have had kwaan executed for betraying me . 
 to tell the truth , i 'd probably kill him this moment if i knew where he 'd gone . 
 at the time , however , i just could n't do it . 
 the man had become like a father to me . 
 to this day , i do n't know why he suddenly decided that i was n't the hero . 
 why did he turn against me , denouncing me to the entire conclave of worldbringers ? 
 would he rather that the deepness win ? 
 surely , even if i 'm not the right one-as kwaan now claims-my presence at the well of ascension could n't possibly be worse than what will happen if the deepness continues to destroy the land . 
 29 it 's almost over , vin read . 
 we can see the cavern from our camp . 
 it will take a few more hours of hiking to reach it , but i know that it is the right place . 
 i can feel it somehow , feel it up there ... pulsing , in my mind . 
 it 's so cold . 
 i swear that the rocks themselves are made of ice , and the snow is deep enough in places that we have to dig our way through . 
 the wind blows all the time . 
 i fear for fedik-he has n't been quite the same since the creature made of mist attacked him , and i worry that he will wander off a cliffside or slip through one of the many icy rifts in the ground . 
 the terrismen , however , are a wonder . 
 it is fortunate that we brought them , for no regular packmen would have survived the trip . 
 the terrismen do n't seem to mind the cold - something about their strange metabolisms gives them a supernatural ability to resist the elements . 
 perhaps they have `` saved up '' heat from their bodies for later use ? 
 they wo n't talk about their powers , however-and i am sure that rashek is to blame . 
 the other packmen look to him for leadership , though i do n't think he has complete control over them . 
 before he was stabbed , fedik feared that the terrismen would abandon us up here in the ice . 
 i do n't think that will happen , however . 
 i am here by providence of terris prophecies-these men will not disobey their own religion simply because one of their number has taken a dislike to me . 
 i did ﬁnally confront rashek . 
 he did not want to speak to me , of course , but i forced him . 
 unleashed , he spoke at great length regarding his hatred of khlennium and my people . 
 he thinks that we have turned his people into little more than slaves . 
 he thinks that terrismen deserve far more-he keeps saying that his people should be `` dominant '' because of their supernatural powers . 
 i fear his words , for i see some truth in them . 
 yesterday , one of the packmen lifted a boulder of enormous size , then tossed it out of our way with an almost casual throw . 
 i have not seen such a feat of strength in all my days . 
 these terrismen could be very dangerous , i think . 
 perhaps we have treated them unfairly . 
 however , men like rashek must be contained-he irrationally believes that all people outside of terris have oppressed him . 
 he is such a young man to be so angry . 
 it is so cold . 
 when this is ﬁnished , i think i should like to live where it is warm all year . 
 braches has told of such places , islands to the south where great mountains create ﬁre . 
 what will it be like , when this is all over ? 
 i will be just a regular man again . 
 an unimportant man . 
 it sounds nice - more desirable , even , than a warm sun and a windless sky . 
 i am so tired of being the hero of ages , tired of entering cities to ﬁnd either armed hostility or fanatic adoration . 
 i am tired of being loved and hated for what a bunch of old men say i will eventually do . 
 i want to be forgotten . 
 obscurity . 
 yes , that would be nice . 
 if men read these words , let them know that power is a heavy burden . 
 seek not to be bound by its chains . 
 the terris prophecies say that i will have the power to save the world . 
 they hint , however , that i will have the power to destroy it as well . 
 i will have the ability to fulﬁll any wish of my heart . 
 `` he will take upon himself authority that no mortal should hold . '' 
 yet , the philosophers warned me that if i am self-serving with the power , my selﬁshness will taint it . 
 is this a burden that any man should bear ? 
 is this a temptation any man could resist ? 
 i feel strong now , but what will happen when i touch that power ? 
 i will save the world , certainly-but will i try to take it as well ? 
 such are my fears as i scribble with an ice-crusted pen on the eve before the world is reborn . 
 rashek watches . 
 hating me . 
 the cavern lies above . 
 pulsing . 
 my ﬁngers quiver . 
 not from the cold . 
 tomorrow , it will end . 
 vin eagerly turned the page . 
 the back page of the booklet , however , was empty . 
 she turned it over , rereading the last few lines . 
 where was the next entry ? 
 sazed must not have ﬁnished the last part yet . 
 she stood , sighing as she stretched . 
 she 'd ﬁnished the entire newest portion of the logbook in one sitting , a feat that surprised even her . 
 the gardens of mansion renoux extended before her , the cultured pathways , broad-limbed trees , and quiet stream creating her favorite reading spot . 
 the sun was low in the sky , and it was beginning to get chilly . 
 she wound her way up the path toward the mansion . 
 despite the chill evening , she could barely imagine a place like the one the lord ruler described . 
 she had seen snow on some distant peaks , but she had rarely seen it fall-and even then it was usually just an icy slush . 
 to experience that much snow day after day , to be in danger of having it fall upon you in great crushing avalanches ... a part of her wished that she could visit such places , no matter how dangerous . 
 though the logbook did n't describe the lord ruler 's entire journey , some of the marvels it did include-the ice ﬁelds to the north , the great black lake , and the terris waterfalls-sounded amazing . 
 if only he 'd put in more detail about what things look like ! 
 she thought with annoyance . 
 the lord ruler spent far too much time worrying . 
 though , admittedly , she was beginning to feel an odd sort of ... familiarity with him through his words . 
 she found it hard to associate the person in her mind with the dark creature that had caused so much death . 
 what had occurred at the well of ascension ? 
 what could have changed him so drastically ? 
 she had to know . 
 she reached the mansion and went searching for sazed . 
 she was back to wearing dresses-it felt odd to be seen in trousers by anyone but the crewmembers . 
 she smiled at lord renoux 's interior steward as she passed , eagerly climbing the main entryway stairs and seeking out the library . 
 sazed was n't inside . 
 his small desk sat empty , the lamp extinguished , the inkwell empty . 
 vin frowned in annoyance . 
 wherever he is , he 'd better be working on the translation ! 
 she went back down the stairs , asking after sazed , and a maid directed her to the main kitchen . 
 vin frowned , making her way down the back hallway . 
 getting himself a snack , perhaps ? 
 she found sazed standing amongst a small group of servants , pointing toward a list on the table and speaking in a low voice . 
 he did n't notice vin as she entered . 
 `` sazed ? '' 
 vin asked , interrupting him . 
 he turned . 
 `` yes , mistress valette ? '' 
 he asked , bowing slightly . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 `` i am seeing to lord renoux 's food stores , mistress . 
 though i have been assigned to assist you , i am still his steward , and have duties to attend to when i am not otherwise occupied . '' 
 `` are you going to get back to the translation soon ? '' 
 sazed cocked his head . 
 `` translation , mistress ? 
 it is ﬁnished . '' 
 `` where 's the last part , then ? '' 
 `` i gave it to you , '' sazed said . 
 `` no , you did n't , '' she said . 
 `` this part ends the night before they go into the cavern . '' 
 `` that is the end , mistress . 
 that is as far as the logbook went . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 she said . 
 `` but . . '' 
 sazed glanced at the other servants . 
 `` we should speak of these things in private , i think . '' 
 he gave them a few more instructions , pointing at the list , then nodded for vin to join him as he made his way out the back kitchen exit and into the side gardens . 
 vin stood dumbfounded for a moment , then hurried out to join him . 
 `` it ca n't end like that , saze . 
 we do n't know what happened ! '' 
 `` we can surmise , i think , '' sazed said , walking down the garden path . 
 the eastern gardens were n't as lavish as the ones vin frequented , and were instead made up of smooth brown grass and the occasional shrub . 
 `` surmise what ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 `` well , the lord ruler must have done what was necessary to save the world , for we are still here . '' 
 `` i suppose , '' vin said . 
 `` but then he took the power for himself . 
 that must have been what happened-he could n't resist the temptation to use the power selﬁshly . 
 but , why is n't there another entry ? 
 why would n't he speak further of his accomplishments ? '' 
 `` perhaps the power changed him too much , '' sazed said . 
 `` or , maybe he simply did n't feel a need to record any more . 
 he had accomplished his goal , and had become immortal as a side beneﬁt . 
 keeping a journal for one 's posterity becomes somewhat redundant when one is going to live forever , i think . '' 
 `` that 's just . . '' 
 vin ground her teeth in frustration . 
 `` it 's a very unsatisfying end to a story , sazed . '' 
 he smiled in amusement . 
 `` be careful , mistress-become too fond of reading , and you may just turn into a scholar . '' 
 vin shook her head . 
 `` not if all the books i read are going to end like this one ! '' 
 `` if it is of any comfort , '' sazed said , `` you are not the only one who is disappointed by the logbook 's contents . 
 it did n't contain much that master kelsier could use-certainly , there was nothing about the eleventh metal . 
 i feel somewhat guilty , since i am the one who beneﬁted most from the book . '' 
 `` but , there was n't very much about the terris religion either . '' 
 `` not much , '' sazed agreed . 
 `` but , truly and regretfully , ` not much ' is far more than we knew previously . 
 i am only worried that i will not have an opportunity to pass this information on . 
 i have sent a translated copy of the logbook to a location where my brethren and sister keepers will know to check-it would be a pity if this new knowledge were to die with me . '' 
 `` it wo n't , '' vin said . 
 `` oh ? 
 has my lady suddenly become an optimist ? '' 
 `` has my terrisman suddenly become a smart-mouth ? '' 
 vin retorted . 
 `` he always has been , i think , '' sazed said with a slight smile . 
 `` it is one of the things that made him a poor steward - at least , in the eyes of most of his masters . '' 
 `` then they must have been fools , '' vin said honestly . 
 `` so i was inclined to think , mistress , '' sazed replied . 
 `` we should return to the mansion-we should not be seen out in the gardens when the mists arrive , i think . '' 
 `` i 'm just going to go back out into them . '' 
 `` there are many of the grounds staff that do not know you are mistborn , mistress , '' sazed said . 
 `` it would be a good secret to keep , i think . '' 
 `` i know , '' vin said , turning . 
 `` let 's go back then . '' 
 `` a wise plan . '' 
 they walked for a few moments , enjoying the eastern garden 's subtle beauty . 
 the grasses were kept carefully trimmed , and they had been arranged in pleasant tiers , the occasional shrubbery giving accent . 
 the southern garden was far more spectacular , with its brook , trees , and exotic plants . 
 but the eastern garden had its own peace-the serenity of simplicity . 
 `` sazed ? '' 
 vin said in a quiet voice . 
 `` yes , mistress ? '' 
 `` it 's all going to change , is n't it ? '' 
 `` what speciﬁcally do you mean ? '' 
 `` everything , '' vin said . 
 `` even if we are n't all dead in a year , the crewmembers will be off working on other projects . 
 ham will probably be back with his family , dox and kelsier will be planning some new escapade , clubs will be renting his shop to another crew ... even these gardens that we 've spent so much money on-they 'll belong to someone else . '' 
 sazed nodded . 
 `` what you say is likely . 
 though , if things go well , perhaps the skaa rebellion will be ruling luthadel by this time next year . '' 
 `` maybe , '' vin said . 
 `` but even still ... things will change . '' 
 `` that is the nature of all life , mistress , '' sazed said . 
 `` the world must change . '' 
 `` i know , '' vin said with a sigh . 
 `` i just wish ... well , i actually like my life now , sazed . 
 i like spending time with the crew , and i like training with kelsier . 
 i love going to balls with elend on the weekends , love walking in these gardens with you . 
 i do n't want these things to change . 
 i do n't want my life to go back to the way it was a year ago . '' 
 `` it does n't have to , mistress , '' sazed said . 
 `` it could change for the better . '' 
 `` it wo n't , '' vin said quietly . 
 `` it 's starting already-kelsier has hinted that my training is almost ﬁnished . 
 when i practice in the future , i 'll have to do it alone . 
 `` as for elend , he does n't even know that i 'm skaa-and it 's my job to try and destroy his family . 
 even if house venture does n't fall by my hand , others will bring it down-i know shan elariel is planning something , and i have n't been able to discover anything about her schemes . 
 `` that 's only the beginning , though . 
 we face the final empire . 
 we 'll probably fail-to be honest , i do n't see how things could possibly turn out otherwise . 
 we 'll ﬁght , we 'll do some good , but we wo n't change much-and those of us who survive will spend the rest of our lives running from the inquisitors . 
 everything 's going to change , sazed , and i ca n't stop it . '' 
 sazed smiled fondly . 
 `` then , mistress , '' he said quietly , `` simply enjoy what you have . 
 the future will surprise you , i think . '' 
 `` maybe , '' vin said , unconvinced . 
 `` ah , you just need to have hope , mistress . 
 perhaps you 've earned a little bit of good fortune . 
 there were a group of people before the ascension known as the astalsi . 
 they claimed that each person was born with a certain ﬁnite amount of ill luck . 
 and so , when an unfortunate event happened , they thought themselves blessed-thereafter , their lives could only get better . '' 
 vin raised an eyebrow . 
 `` sounds a bit simpleminded to me . '' 
 `` i do not believe so , '' sazed said . 
 `` why , the astalsi were rather advanced-they mixed religion with science quite profoundly . 
 they thought that different colors were indications of different kinds of fortune , and were quite detailed in their descriptions of light and color . 
 why , it 's from them that we get some of our best ideas as to what things might have looked like before the ascension . 
 they had a scale of colors , and used it to describe the sky of the deepest blue and various plants in their shades of green . 
 `` regardless , i ﬁnd their philosophies regarding luck and fortune enlightened . 
 to them , a poor life was only a sign of fortune to come . 
 it might be a good ﬁt for you , mistress ; you could beneﬁt from the knowledge that your luck can not always be bad . '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' vin said skeptically . 
 `` i mean , if your bad luck were limited , would n't your good luck be limited too ? 
 every time something good happened , i 'd be worried about using it all up . '' 
 `` hum , '' sazed said . 
 `` i suppose that depends on your viewpoint , mistress . '' 
 `` how can you be so optimistic ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 `` you and kelsier both . '' 
 `` i do n't know , mistress , '' sazed said . 
 `` perhaps our lives have been easier than yours . 
 or , perhaps we are simply more foolish . '' 
 vin fell silent . 
 they walked for a short time longer , weaving their way back toward the building , but not rushing the walk . 
 `` sazed , '' she ﬁnally said . 
 `` when you saved me , that night in the rain , you used feruchemy , did n't you ? '' 
 sazed nodded . 
 `` indeed . 
 the inquisitor was very focused on you , and i was able to sneak up behind him , then hit him with a stone . 
 i had grown many times stronger than a regular man , and my blow threw him into the wall , breaking several of his bones , i suspect . '' 
 `` is that it ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 `` you sound disappointed , mistress , '' sazed noted , smiling . 
 `` you expected something more spectacular , i suppose ? '' 
 vin nodded . 
 `` it 's just ... you 've been so quiet about feruchemy . 
 that makes it seem more mystical , i guess . '' 
 sazed sighed . 
 `` there is really little to hide from you , mistress . 
 the truly unique power of feruchemy-the ability to store and recover memories-you must surely have already guessed . 
 the rest of the powers are not different , really , from the powers granted to you by pewter and tin . 
 a few of them are a little more odd-making a feruchemist heavier , or changing his age-but they offer little martial application . '' 
 `` age ? '' 
 vin said , perking up . 
 `` you could make yourself younger ? '' 
 `` not really , mistress , '' sazed said . 
 `` remember , a feruchemist must draw his powers from his own body . 
 he could , for instance , spend a few weeks with his body aged to the point that it felt and looked ten years older than he really was . 
 then , he could withdraw that age to make himself seem ten years younger for an equal amount of time . 
 however , in feruchemy , there must be a balance . '' 
 vin thought about that for a moment . 
 `` does the metal you use matter ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` like in allomancy ? '' 
 `` most certainly , '' sazed said . 
 `` the metal determines what can be stored . '' 
 vin nodded and continued to walk , thinking over what he 'd said . 
 `` sazed , can i have a bit of your metal ? '' 
 she ﬁnally asked . 
 `` my metal , mistress ? '' 
 `` something you 've used as a feruchemical store , '' vin said . 
 `` i want to try burning it-maybe that will let me use some of its power . '' 
 sazed frowned curiously . 
 `` has anyone ever tried it before ? '' 
 `` i 'm sure someone must have , '' sazed said . 
 `` but , i honestly ca n't think of a speciﬁc example . 
 perhaps if i were to go search my memory copperminds ... '' `` why not just let me try it now ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 `` do you have something made from one of the basic metals ? 
 something you have n't stored anything too valuable in ? '' 
 sazed paused , then reached up to one of his oversized earlobes and undid an earring much like the one vin wore . 
 he handed the earring 's tiny backing , used to hold the earring in place , to vin . 
 `` it is pure pewter , mistress . 
 i have stored a moderate amount of strength in it . '' 
 vin nodded , swallowing the tiny stud . 
 she felt at her allomantic reserve , but the stud 's metal did n't seem to do anything different . 
 she tentatively burned pewter . 
 `` anything ? '' 
 sazed asked . 
 vin shook her head . 
 `` no , i do n't . . '' 
 she trailed off . 
 there was something there , something different . 
 `` what is it , mistress ? '' 
 sazed asked , uncharacteristic eagerness sounding in his voice . 
 `` i. . . 
 can feel the power , saze . 
 it 's faint-far beyond my grasp-but i swear that there 's another reserve within me , one that only appears when i 'm burning your metal . '' 
 sazed frowned . 
 `` it 's faint , you say ? 
 like ... you can see a shadow of the reserve , but ca n't access the power itself ? '' 
 vin nodded . 
 `` how do you know ? '' 
 `` that 's what it feels like when you try to use another feruchemist 's metals , mistress , '' sazed said , sighing . 
 `` i should have suspected this would be the result . 
 you can not access the power because it does not belong to you . '' 
 `` oh , '' vin said . 
 `` do not be too disappointed , mistress . 
 if allomancers could steal strength from my people , it would already be known . 
 it was a clever thought , however . '' 
 he turned , pointing toward the mansion . 
 `` the carriage has already arrived . 
 we are late for the meeting , i think . '' 
 vin nodded , and they hurried their pace toward the mansion . 
 funny , kelsier thought to himself as he slipped across the darkened courtyard before mansion renoux . 
 i have to sneak into my own house , as if i were attacking some nobleman 's keep . 
 there was no avoiding it , however-not with his reputation . 
 kelsier the thief had been distinctive enough ; kelsier the rebellion instigator and skaa spiritual leader was even more infamous . 
 that did n't , of course , keep him from spreading his nightly chaos-he just had to be more careful . 
 more and more families were pulling out of the city , and the powerful houses were growing increasingly paranoid . 
 in a way , that made manipulating them easier-but sneaking around their keeps was getting very dangerous . 
 in comparison , mansion renoux was virtually unprotected . 
 there were guards , of course , but no mistings . 
 renoux had to keep a low proﬁle ; too many allomancers would make him stand out . 
 kelsier kept to the shadows , carefully making his way around to the east side of the building . 
 then he pushed off a coin and guided himself up onto renoux 's own balcony . 
 kelsier landed lightly , then peeked through the glass balcony doors . 
 the drapes were shut , but he could pick out dockson , vin , sazed , ham , and breeze standing around renoux 's desk . 
 renoux himself sat in the far corner of the room , staying out of the proceedings . 
 his contract included playing the part of lord renoux , but he did n't wish to be involved in the plan anymore than he had to . 
 kelsier shook his head . 
 it would be far too easy for an assassin to get in here . 
 i 'll have to make sure that vin continues to sleep at clubs ' shop . 
 he was n't worried about renoux ; the kandra 's nature was such that he did n't need to fear an assassin 's blade . 
 kelsier tapped lightly on the door , and dockson strolled over , pulling it open . 
 `` and he makes his stunning entry ! '' 
 kelsier announced , sweeping into the room , throwing back his mistcloak . 
 dockson snorted , shutting the doors . 
 `` you 're truly a wonder to behold , kell . 
 particularly the soot stains on your knees . '' 
 `` i had to do some crawling tonight , '' kelsier said , waving an indifferent hand . 
 `` there 's an unused drainage ditch that passes right under keep lekal 's defensive wall . 
 you 'd think they 'd get that patched up . '' 
 `` i doubt they need worry , '' breeze said from beside the desk . 
 `` most of you mistborn are probably too proud to crawl . 
 i 'm surprised you were willing to do so yourself . '' 
 `` too proud to crawl ? '' 
 kelsier said . 
 `` nonsense ! 
 why , i 'd say that we mistborn are too proud not to be humble enough to go crawling about-in a digniﬁed manner , of course . '' 
 dockson frowned , approaching the desk . 
 `` kell , that did n't make any sense . '' 
 `` we mistborn need not make sense , '' kelsier said haughtily . 
 `` what 's this ? '' 
 `` from your brother , '' dockson said , pointing at a large map laid across the desk . 
 `` it arrived this afternoon in the hollow of a broken table leg that the canton of orthodoxy hired clubs to repair . '' 
 `` interesting , '' kelsier said , scanning the map . 
 `` it 's a list of the soothing stations , i assume ? '' 
 `` indeed , '' breeze said . 
 `` it 's quite the discovery-i 've never seen such a detailed , carefully drawn map of the city . 
 why , it not only shows every one of the thirty-four soothing stations , but also locations of inquisitor activity , as well as places that the different cantons are concerned about . 
 i have n't had the opportunity to associate much with your brother , but i must say that the man is obviously a genius ! '' 
 `` it 's almost hard to believe he 's related to kell , eh ? '' 
 dockson said with a smile . 
 he had a notepad before him , and was in the process of making a list of all the soothing stations . 
 kelsier snorted . 
 `` marsh might be the genius , but i 'm the handsome one . 
 what are these numbers ? '' 
 `` inquisitor raids and dates , '' ham said . 
 `` you 'll notice that vin 's crewhouse is listed . '' 
 kelsier nodded . 
 `` how in the world did marsh manage to steal a map like this ? '' 
 `` he did n't , '' dockson said as he wrote . 
 `` there was a note with the map . 
 apparently , high prelans gave it to him - they 've been very impressed with marsh , and wanted him to look over the city and recommend locations for new soothing stations . 
 it seems that the ministry is a bit worried about the house war , and they want to send out some extra soothers to try and keep things under control . '' 
 `` we 're supposed to send the map back inside the repaired table leg , '' sazed said . 
 `` once we are done this evening , i shall endeavor to copy it in as short a time as possible . '' 
 and memorize it as well , thereby making it part of every keeper 's record , kelsier thought . 
 the day when you 'll stop memorizing and start teaching is coming soon , saze . 
 i hope your people are ready . 
 kelsier turned , studying the map . 
 it was as impressive as breeze had said . 
 indeed , marsh must have taken an extremely great risk in sending it away . 
 perhaps a foolhardy risk , even-but the information it contained ... we 'll have to get this back quickly , kelsier thought . 
 tomorrow morning , if possible . 
 `` what is this ? '' 
 vin asked quietly , leaning across the large map and pointing . 
 she wore a noblewoman 's dress-a pretty one-piece garment that was only slightly less ornate than a ball gown . 
 kelsier smiled . 
 he could remember a time when vin had looked frighteningly awkward in a dress , but she seemed to have taken an increasing liking to them . 
 she still did n't move quite like a noble-born lady . 
 she was graceful-but it was the dexterous grace of a predator , not the deliberate grace of a courtly lady . 
 still , the gowns seemed to ﬁt vin now-in a way that had nothing at all to do with tailoring . 
 ah , mare , kelsier thought . 
 you always wanted a daughter you could teach to walk the line between noblewoman and thief . 
 they would have liked each other ; they both had a hidden streak of unconventionality . 
 perhaps if his wife were still alive , she could have taught vin things about pretending to be a noblewoman that even sazed did n't know . 
 of course , if mare were still alive , i would n't be doing any of this . 
 i would n't dare . 
 `` look ! '' 
 vin said . 
 `` one of these inquisitor dates is new - it 's marked as yesterday ! '' 
 dockson shot a glance at kelsier . 
 we would have had to tell her eventually anyway ... `` that was theron 's crew , '' kelsier said . 
 `` an inquisitor hit them yesterday evening . '' 
 vin paled . 
 `` should i recognize that name ? '' 
 ham asked . 
 `` theron 's crew was part of the team that was trying to dupe the ministry with camon , '' vin said . 
 `` this means ... they probably still have my trail . '' 
 the inquisitor recognized her that night when we inﬁltrated the palace . 
 he wanted to know who her father was . 
 it 's fortunate that those inhuman things make the nobility uncomfortable-otherwise , we 'd have to worry about sending her to balls . 
 `` theron 's crew , '' vin said . 
 `` was ... it like last time ? '' 
 dockson nodded . 
 `` no survivors . '' 
 there was an uncomfortable silence , and vin looked visibly sick . 
 poor kid , kelsier thought . 
 there was little they could do but move on , though . 
 `` all right . 
 how are we going to use this map ? '' 
 `` it has some ministry notes on house defenses , '' ham said . 
 `` those will be useful . '' 
 `` there does n't appear to be any pattern in the inquisitor hits , however , '' breeze said . 
 `` they probably just go where the information leads them . '' 
 `` we 'll want to refrain from being too active near soothing stations , '' dox said , lowering his pen . 
 `` fortunately , clubs 's shop is n't close to any speciﬁc station-most of them are in the slums . '' 
 `` we need to do more than just avoid the stations , '' kelsier said . 
 `` we need to be ready to take them out . '' 
 breeze frowned . 
 `` if we do , we risk playing our hand recklessly . '' 
 `` but think of the damage it would do , '' kelsier said . 
 `` marsh said there were at least three soothers and a seeker at every one of these stations . 
 that 's a hundred and thirty ministry mistings-they must have recruited across the entire central dominance to gather those kinds of numbers . 
 if we were to take them all out at once ... '' `` we 'd never be able to kill that many ourselves , '' dockson said . 
 `` we could if we used the rest of our army , '' ham said . 
 `` we 've got them stashed throughout the slums . '' 
 `` i have a better idea , '' kelsier said . 
 `` we can hire other thieving crews . 
 if we had ten crews , each assigned to take out three stations , we could clear the city of ministry soothers and seekers in barely a few hours . '' 
 `` we 'd have to discuss timing , though , '' dockson said . 
 `` breeze is right-killing that many obligators in one evening means making a major commitment . 
 it wo n't take the inquisitors long to retaliate . '' 
 kelsier nodded . 
 you 're right , dox . 
 timing will be vital . 
 `` would you look into it ? 
 find some appropriate crews , but wait until we decide on a time before giving them the locations of the soothing stations . '' 
 dockson nodded . 
 `` good , '' kelsier said . 
 `` speaking of our soldiers , ham , how are things going with them ? '' 
 `` better than i expected , actually , '' ham said . 
 `` they went through training in the caves , and so they 're fairly competent . 
 and , they consider themselves the more ` faithful ' segment of the army , since they did n't follow yeden to battle against your will . '' 
 breeze snorted . 
 `` that 's a convenient way of looking past the fact that they lost three-fourths of their army in a tactical blunder . '' 
 `` they 're good men , breeze , '' ham said ﬁrmly . 
 `` and so were those who died . 
 do n't speak ill of them . 
 regardless , i worry about hiding the army as we are-it wo n't be too long before one of the teams gets discovered . '' 
 `` that 's why none of them know where to ﬁnd the others , '' kelsier said . 
 `` i do want to mention something about the men , '' breeze said , seating himself in one of renoux 's desk chairs . 
 `` i see the importance of sending hammond to train the soldiers - but honestly , what is the reason for forcing dockson and myself to go and visit them ? '' 
 `` the men need to know who their leaders are , '' kelsier said . 
 `` if ham were to become indisposed , someone else will need to take command . '' 
 `` why not you ? '' 
 breeze asked . 
 `` just bear with me , '' kelsier said , smiling . 
 `` it 's for the best . '' 
 breeze rolled his eyes . 
 `` bear with you . 
 we seem to do an awful lot of that ... '' `` anyway , '' kelsier said . 
 `` vin , what news from the nobility ? 
 have you discovered anything useful about house venture ? '' 
 she paused . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` but the ball next week will be at keep venture , right ? '' 
 dockson asked . 
 vin nodded . 
 kelsier eyed the girl . 
 would she even tell us if she knew ? 
 she met his eyes , and he could n't read a thing in them . 
 blasted girl 's far too experienced a liar . 
 `` all right , '' he said to her . 
 `` keep looking . '' 
 `` i will , '' she said . 
 despite his fatigue , kelsier found sleep elusive that night . 
 unfortunately , he could n't go out and roam the hallways - only certain servants knew he was at the mansion , and he needed to keep a low proﬁle , now that his reputation was building . 
 his reputation . 
 he sighed as he leaned against the balcony railing , watching the mists . 
 in a way , the things he did worried even him . 
 the others did n't question him out loud , as per his request , but he could tell that they were still bothered by his growing fame . 
 it 's the best way . 
 i may not need all of this ... but , if i do , i 'm going to be glad i went to the trouble . 
 a soft knock came at his door . 
 he turned , curious , as sazed peeked his head into the room . 
 `` i apologize , master kelsier , '' sazed said . 
 `` but a guard came to me and said he could see you up on your balcony . 
 he was worried that you 'd give yourself away . '' 
 kelsier sighed , but backed away from the balcony , pulling the doors closed and shutting the drapes . 
 `` i 'm not meant for anonymity , saze . 
 for a thief , i 'm really not all that good at hiding . '' 
 sazed smiled and began to withdraw . 
 `` sazed ? '' 
 kelsier asked , causing the terrisman to pause . 
 `` i ca n't sleep-do you have a new proposal for me ? '' 
 sazed smiled deeply , walking into the room . 
 `` of course , master kelsier . 
 lately , i 've been thinking that you should hear about the truths of the bennet . 
 they ﬁt you quite well , i think . 
 the bennet were a highly developed people who lived on the southern islands . 
 they were brave seafarers and brilliant cartographers ; some of the maps the final empire still uses were developed by bennet explorers . 
 `` their religion was designed to be practiced aboard ships that were away at sea for months at a time . 
 the captain was also their minister , and no man was allowed to command unless he had received theological training . '' 
 `` probably were n't very many mutinies . '' 
 sazed smiled . 
 `` it was a good religion , master kelsier . 
 it focused on discovery and knowledge-to these people , the making of maps was a reverent duty . 
 they believed that once all of the world was known , understood , and catalogued , men would ﬁnally ﬁnd peace and harmony . 
 many religions teach such ideals , but few actually managed to practice them as well as the bennet . '' 
 kelsier frowned , leaning back against the wall beside the balcony drapes . 
 `` peace and harmony , '' he said slowly . 
 `` i 'm not really looking for either right now , saze . '' 
 `` ah , '' sazed said . 
 kelsier looked up , staring at the ceiling . 
 `` could you ... tell me about the valla again ? '' 
 `` of course , '' sazed said , pulling a chair over from beside kelsier 's desk and seating himself . 
 `` what speciﬁcally would you like to know ? '' 
 kelsier shook his head . 
 `` i 'm not sure , '' he said . 
 `` i 'm sorry , saze . 
 i 'm in a strange mood tonight . '' 
 `` you are always in a strange mood , i think , '' sazed said with a slight smile . 
 `` however , you choose an interesting sect to ask after . 
 the valla lasted longer into the lord ruler 's dominion than any other religion . '' 
 `` that 's why i ask , '' kelsier said . 
 `` i. . . 
 need to understand what kept them going for so long , saze . 
 what made them keep ﬁghting ? '' 
 `` they were the most determined , i think . '' 
 `` but they did n't have any leaders , '' kelsier said . 
 `` the lord ruler had slaughtered the entire vallan religious council as part of his ﬁrst conquest . '' 
 `` oh , they had leaders , master kelsier , '' sazed said . 
 `` dead ones , true , but leaders nonetheless . '' 
 `` some men would say that their devotion did n't make sense , '' kelsier said . 
 `` the loss of the vallan leaders should have broken the people , not made them more determined to keep going . '' 
 sazed shook his head . 
 `` men are more resilient than that , i think . 
 our belief is often strongest when it should be weakest . 
 that is the nature of hope . '' 
 kelsier nodded . 
 `` did you want further instruction on the valla ? '' 
 `` no . 
 thanks , saze . 
 i just needed to be reminded that there were people who fought even when things looked hopeless . '' 
 sazed nodded , rising . 
 `` i think i understand , master kelsier . 
 good evening , then . '' 
 kelsier nodded distractedly , letting the terrisman withdraw . 
 most of the terrismen are not as bad as rashek . 
 however , i can see that they believe him , to an extent . 
 these are simple men , not philosophers or scholars , and they do n't understand that their own prophecies say the hero of ages will be an outsider . 
 they only see what rashek points out-that they are an ostensibly superior people , and should be `` dominant '' rather than subservient . 
 before such passion and hatred , even good men can be deceived . 
 30 it took returning to the venture ballroom to remind vin what true majesty was . 
 she 'd visited so many keeps that she had begun to grow desensitized to the splendor . 
 there was something special about keep venture , however-something that the other keeps strived for , but never quite achieved . 
 it was as if venture were the parent , and the others were well-taught children . 
 all of the keeps were beautiful , but there was no denying which one was the ﬁnest . 
 the enormous venture hall , lined by a row of massive pillars on each side , seemed even more grand than usual . 
 vin could n't quite decide why . 
 she thought about it as she waited for a servant to take her shawl . 
 the normal limelights shone outside the stained-glass windows , spraying the room with shards of light . 
 the tables were immaculate beneath their pillared overhang . 
 the lord 's table , set on the small balcony at the very end of the hallway , looked as regal as ever . 
 it 's almost ... too perfect , vin thought , frowning to herself . 
 everything seemed slightly exaggerated . 
 the tablecloths were even whiter , and pressed even ﬂatter , than usual . 
 the servants ' uniforms seemed particularly sharp . 
 instead of regular soldiers at the doors , hazekillers stood looking intentionally impressive , distinguished by their wooden shields and lack of armor . 
 all together , the room made it seem as if even the regular venture perfection had been heightened . 
 `` something 's wrong , sazed , '' she whispered as a servant moved off to prepare her table . 
 `` what do you mean , mistress ? '' 
 the tall steward asked , standing behind her and to the side . 
 `` there are too many people here , '' vin said , realizing one of the things that was bothering her . 
 ball attendance had been tapering off during the last few months . 
 yet , it seemed like everyone had returned for the venture event . 
 and they all wore their ﬁnest . 
 `` something 's going on , '' vin said quietly . 
 `` something we do n't know about . '' 
 `` yes ... '' sazed said quietly . 
 `` i sense it too . 
 perhaps i should go to the stewards ' dinner early . '' 
 `` good idea , '' vin said . 
 `` i think i might just skip the meal this evening . 
 we 're a bit late , and it looks like people have already started chatting . '' 
 sazed smiled . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` i remember a time when you would never skip a meal , mistress . '' 
 vin snorted . 
 `` just be glad i never tried to stuff my pockets with food from one of these balls-trust me , i was tempted . 
 now , get going . '' 
 sazed nodded and moved off toward the stewards ' dinner . 
 vin scanned the chatting groups . 
 no sign of shan , thankfully , she thought . 
 unfortunately , kliss was nowhere to be seen either , so vin had to choose someone else to go to for gossip . 
 she strolled forward , smiling at lord idren seeris , a cousin to house elariel and a man she had danced with on several occasions . 
 he acknowledged her with a stiff nod , and she joined his group . 
 vin smiled at the other members of the group-three women and one other lord . 
 she knew them all at least passingly , and had danced with lord yestal . 
 however , this evening all four of them gave her cold looks . 
 `` i have n't been to keep venture in a while , '' vin said , falling into her persona as a country girl . 
 `` i 'd forgotten how majestic it is ! '' 
 `` indeed , '' said one of the ladies . 
 `` excuse me-i 'm going to go get something to drink . '' 
 `` i 'll go with you , '' one of the other ladies added , both of them leaving the group . 
 vin watched them go , frowning . 
 `` ah , '' yestal said . 
 `` our meal has arrived . 
 coming , triss ? '' 
 `` of course , '' the ﬁnal lady said , joining yestal as they walked away . 
 idren adjusted his spectacles , shooting vin a halfhearted look of apology , then withdrew . 
 vin stood , dumbfounded . 
 she had n't received such an obviously cold reception since her ﬁrst few balls . 
 what 's going on ? 
 she thought with increasing trepidation . 
 is this shan 's work ? 
 could she turn an entire room full of people against me ? 
 no , that did n't feel right . 
 it would have required too much effort . 
 in addition , the oddity was n't just around her . 
 all of the groups of noblemen were ... different this evening . 
 vin tried a second group , with an even worse result . 
 as soon as she joined , the members pointedly ignored her . 
 vin felt so out of place that she withdrew , ﬂeeing to get herself a cup of wine . 
 as she walked , she noticed that the ﬁrst group - the one with yestal and idren-had re-formed with exactly the same members . 
 vin paused , standing just inside the shade of the eastern overhang and scanning the crowd . 
 there were very few people dancing , and she recognized them all as established couples . 
 there also seemed to be very little mingling between groups or tables . 
 while the ballroom was ﬁlled , it seemed most of the attendees were distinctly trying to ignore everyone else . 
 i need to get a better view of this , she thought , walking to the stairwell . 
 a short climb later , she came out on the long , corridorlike balcony set into the wall above the dance ﬂoor , its familiar blue lanterns giving the stonework a soft , melancholy hue . 
 vin paused . 
 elend 's cubbyhole sat between the rightmost column and the wall , well lit by a single lantern . 
 he almost always spent venture balls reading there ; he did n't like the pomp and ceremony that came from hosting a party . 
 the cubbyhole was empty . 
 she approached the railing , then craned out to look toward the far end of the grand hallway . 
 the host 's table sat on an overhang at the same level as the balconies , and she was shocked to see elend sitting there dining with his father . 
 what ? 
 she thought incredulously . 
 never once , during the half-dozen balls she 'd attended at keep venture , had she seen elend sit with his family . 
 down below , she caught sight of a familiar , colorful-robed ﬁgure moving through the crowd . 
 she waved toward sazed , but he had obviously already seen her . 
 as she waited for him , vin thought she faintly heard a familiar voice coming from the other end of the balcony . 
 she turned and checked , noticing a short ﬁgure she 'd missed before . 
 kliss was speaking with a small group of minor lords . 
 so that 's where kliss went , vin thought . 
 maybe she 'll talk to me . 
 vin stood , waiting for either kliss to ﬁnish her conversation or sazed to arrive . 
 sazed came ﬁrst , leaving the stairwell , breathing heavily . 
 `` mistress , '' he said in a low voice , joining her by the railing . 
 `` tell me you discovered something , sazed . 
 this ball feels ... creepy . 
 everyone 's so solemn and cold . 
 it 's almost like we 're at a funeral , not a party . '' 
 `` it is an apt metaphor , my lady , '' sazed said quietly . 
 `` we have missed an important announcement . 
 house hasting said it is not going to hold its regular ball this week . '' 
 vin frowned . 
 `` so ? 
 houses have canceled balls before . '' 
 `` house elariel canceled as well . 
 normally , tekiel would come next-but that house is defunct . 
 house shunah has already announced that it wo n't be holding any more balls . '' 
 `` what are you saying ? '' 
 `` it appears , mistress , that this will be the last ball for a time ... perhaps a very long time . '' 
 vin glanced down at the hall 's magniﬁcent windows , which stood above the independent-almost hostile-groups of people . 
 `` that 's what 's going on , '' she said . 
 `` they 're ﬁnalizing alliances . 
 everyone is standing with their strongest friends and supporters . 
 they know this is the last ball , and so they all came to put in an appearance , but they know they 've no time left for politicking . '' 
 `` it seems that way , mistress . '' 
 `` they 're all going on the defensive , '' vin said . 
 `` retreating behind their walls , so to speak . 
 that 's why no one wants to talk to me-we made renoux too neutral a force . 
 i do n't have a faction , and it 's a bad time to be gambling on random political elements . '' 
 `` master kelsier needs to know this information , mistress , '' sazed said . 
 `` he planned on pretending to be an informant again tonight . 
 if he 's ignorant of this situation , it could seriously damage his credibility . 
 we should leave . '' 
 `` no , '' vin said , turning toward sazed . 
 `` i ca n't go-not when everyone else is staying . 
 they all thought it was important to come and be seen at this last ball , and so i should n't leave until they start to . '' 
 sazed nodded . 
 `` very well . '' 
 `` you go , sazed . 
 hire a carriage and go tell kell what we 've learned . 
 i 'll stay for a little longer , then leave when it wo n't make house renoux look weak . '' 
 sazed paused . 
 `` i. . . 
 do n't know , mistress . '' 
 vin rolled her eyes . 
 `` i appreciate the help you 've given me , but you do n't need to keep holding my hand . 
 plenty of people come to these balls without their stewards to watch after them . '' 
 sazed sighed . 
 `` very well , mistress . 
 i shall return , however , after i have located master kelsier . '' 
 vin nodded , bidding him farewell , and he retreated down the stone stairwell . 
 vin leaned against the balcony in elend 's spot , watching until sazed appeared below and disappeared toward the front gates . 
 now what ? 
 even if i can ﬁnd someone to talk to , there 's really no point in spreading rumors now . 
 she felt a feeling of dread . 
 who would have thought that she would come to enjoy noble frivolity so much ? 
 the experience was tainted by her knowledge of what many noblemen were capable of , but even still , there had been a. . . 
 dreamlike joy to the entire experience . 
 would she ever attend balls like these again ? 
 what would happen to valette the noblewoman ? 
 would she have to put away her dresses and makeup , and return to simply being vin the street thief ? 
 there probably would n't be room for things like grand balls in kelsier 's new kingdom , and that might not be a bad thing-what right did she have to dance while other skaa starved ? 
 yet ... it seemed like the world would be missing something beautiful without the keeps and dancers , the dresses and the festivities . 
 she sighed , leaning back from the railing , glancing down at her own dress . 
 it was of a deep shimmering blue , with white circular designs sewn around the base of the skirt . 
 it was sleeveless , but the blue silk gloves she wore ran all the way past her elbows . 
 once she would have found the outﬁt frustratingly bulky . 
 now , however , she found it beautifying . 
 she liked how it was designed to make her look full through the chest , yet accentuated her thin upper torso . 
 she liked how it ﬂared at the waist , slowly fanning out into a wide bell that rustled as she walked . 
 she 'd miss it-she 'd miss it all . 
 but , sazed was right . 
 she could n't stop the progression of time , she could only enjoy the moment . 
 i 'm not going to let him sit up there at the high table all evening and ignore me , she decided . 
 vin turned and walked along the balcony , nodding to kliss as she passed . 
 the balcony ended in a corridor that turned , and-as vin had correctly guessed-led out onto the ledge that held the host 's table . 
 she stood inside the corridor for a moment , looking out . 
 lords and ladies sat in regal outﬁts , basking in the privilege of being invited up to sit with lord straff venture . 
 vin waited , trying to get elend 's attention , and ﬁnally one of the guests noticed her , then nudged elend . 
 he turned with surprise , saw vin , then ﬂushed slightly . 
 she waved brieﬂy , and he stood , excusing himself . 
 vin ducked back into the stone corridor a bit so they could speak more privately . 
 `` elend ! '' 
 she said as he walked into the corridor . 
 `` you 're sitting with your father ! '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` this ball has turned into something of a special event , valette , and my father was fairly insistent that i obey protocol . '' 
 `` when are we going to have time to talk ? '' 
 elend paused . 
 `` i 'm not sure that we will . '' 
 vin frowned . 
 he seemed ... reserved . 
 his usual , slightly worn and wrinkled suit had been replaced by a sharp , well-ﬁtted one . 
 his hair was even combed . 
 `` elend ? '' 
 she said , stepping forward . 
 he raised a hand , warding her back . 
 `` things have changed , valette . '' 
 no , she thought . 
 this ca n't change , not yet ! 
 `` things ? 
 what ` things ' ? 
 elend , what are you talking about ? '' 
 `` i am heir to house venture , '' he said . 
 `` and dangerous times are coming . 
 house hasting lost an entire convoy this afternoon , and that 's only the beginning . 
 within the month , the keeps will openly be at war . 
 these are n't things i can ignore , valette . 
 it 's time i stopped being a liability to my family . '' 
 `` that 's ﬁne , '' vin said . 
 `` that does n't mean - '' `` valette , '' elend interrupted . 
 `` you are a liability too . 
 a very big one . 
 i wo n't lie and claim that i never cared for you-i did , and i still do . 
 however , i knew from the start-as you did-that this could never be anything more than a passing dalliance . 
 the truth is , my house needs me-and it 's more important than you are . '' 
 vin paled . 
 `` but . . '' 
 he turned to go back to dinner . 
 `` elend , '' she said quietly , `` please do n't turn away from me . '' 
 he paused , then looked back at her . 
 `` i know the truth , valette . 
 i know how you 've lied about who you are . 
 i do n't care , really-i 'm not angry , or even disappointed . 
 the truth is , i expected it . 
 you 're just . . 
 playing the game . 
 like we all are . '' 
 he paused , then shook his head and turned away from her . 
 `` like i am . '' 
 `` elend ? '' 
 she said , reaching for him . 
 `` do n't make me embarrass you in public , valette . '' 
 vin paused , feeling numb . 
 and then , she was too angry to be numb-too angry , too frustrated ... and too terriﬁed . 
 `` do n't leave , '' she whispered . 
 `` do n't you leave me too . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' he said . 
 `` but i have to go meet with my friends . 
 it was ... fun . '' 
 and he left . 
 vin stood in the darkened corridor . 
 she felt herself shiver quietly , and she turned to stumble back out onto the main balcony . 
 to the side , she could see elend bid good evening to his family , then head through a back corridor toward the keep 's living section . 
 he ca n't do this to me . 
 not elend . 
 not now ... however , a voice from within-a voice she had nearly forgotten-began to speak . 
 of course he left you , reen whispered . 
 of course he abandoned you . 
 everyone will betray you , vin . 
 what did i teach you ? 
 no ! 
 she thought . 
 it 's just the political tension . 
 once this is over , i 'll be able to convince him to come back ... i never came back for you , reen whispered . 
 he wo n't either . 
 the voice felt so real-it was almost like she could hear him beside her . 
 vin leaned up against the balcony railing , using the iron grating for strength , holding herself up . 
 she would n't let him destroy her . 
 a life on the streets had n't been able to break her ; she would n't let a self-important nobleman do so . 
 she just kept telling herself that . 
 but , why did this hurt so much more than starvation-so much more than one of camon 's beatings ? 
 `` well , valette renoux , '' a voice said from behind . 
 `` kliss , '' vin said . 
 `` i 'm ... not in the mood to talk right now . '' 
 `` ah , '' kliss said . 
 `` so elend venture ﬁnally spurned you . 
 do n't worry , child-he 'll get what he deserves shortly . '' 
 vin turned , frowning at the odd tone in kliss 's voice . 
 the woman did n't seem like herself . 
 she seemed too ... controlled . 
 `` deliver a message to your uncle for me , will you dear ? '' 
 kliss asked lightly . 
 `` tell him that a man such as himself - without house alliances-might have a difﬁcult time gathering intelligence in the upcoming months . 
 if he needs a good source of information , tell him to send for me . 
 i know lots of interesting things . '' 
 `` you 're an informant ! '' 
 vin said , pushing aside her pain for the moment . 
 `` but , you 're ... '' `` a foolish gossip ? '' 
 the short woman asked . 
 `` why , yes i am . 
 it 's fascinating , the kinds of things you can learn when you 're known as the court gossip . 
 people come to you to spread obvious lies-such as the things you told me about house hasting last week . 
 why would you want me to spread such untruths ? 
 could house renoux be making a bid for the weapons market during the house war ? 
 indeed-could renoux be behind the recent attack on the hasting barges ? '' 
 kliss 's eyes twinkled . 
 `` tell your uncle that i can be made to keep quiet about what i know-for a small fee . '' 
 `` you 've been duping me all along ... '' vin said numbly . 
 `` of course , dear , '' kliss said , patting vin 's arm . 
 `` that 's what we do here at court . 
 you 'll learn eventually-if you survive . 
 now , be a good child and deliver my message , all right ? '' 
 kliss turned , her squat , gaudy dress suddenly seeming a brilliant costume to vin . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 vin said . 
 `` what was that you said about elend earlier ? 
 he 's going to get what he deserves ? '' 
 `` hum ? '' 
 kliss said , turning . 
 `` why ... that 's right . 
 you 've been asking after shan elariel 's plans , have n't you ? '' 
 shan ? 
 vin thought with rising concern . 
 `` what is she planning ? '' 
 `` now that , my dear , is an expensive secret indeed . 
 i could tell you ... but then , what would i have in return ? 
 a woman of an unimportant house like myself needs to ﬁnd sustenance somewhere ... '' vin pulled off her sapphire necklace , the only piece of jewelry she was wearing . 
 `` here . 
 take it . '' 
 kliss accepted the necklace with a thoughtful expression . 
 `` hum , yes , very nice indeed . '' 
 `` what do you know ? '' 
 vin snapped . 
 `` young elend is going to be one of the ﬁrst venture casualties in the house war , i 'm afraid , '' kliss said , stufﬁng the necklace into a sleeve pocket . 
 `` it 's unfortunate-he really does seem like a nice boy . 
 too nice , probably . '' 
 `` when ? '' 
 vin demanded . 
 `` where ? 
 how ? '' 
 `` so many questions , but only one necklace , '' kliss said idly . 
 `` it 's all i have right now ! '' 
 vin said truthfully . 
 her coin pouch contained only bronze clips for steelpushing . 
 `` but it 's a very valuable secret , as i 've said , '' kliss continued . 
 `` by telling you , my own life would be - '' that 's it ! 
 vin thought furiously . 
 stupid aristocratic games ! 
 vin burned zinc and brass , hitting kliss with a powerful blast of emotional allomancy . 
 she soothed away all of the woman 's feelings but fear , then took hold of that fear and yanked on it with a ﬁrm tug . 
 `` tell me ! '' 
 vin growled . 
 kliss gasped , wobbling and nearly falling to the ground . 
 `` an allomancer ! 
 no wonder renoux brought such a distant cousin with him to luthadel ! '' 
 `` speak ! '' 
 vin said , taking a step forward . 
 `` you 're too late to help him , '' kliss said . 
 `` i 'd never sell a secret like this if it had a chance of turning on me ! '' 
 `` tell me ! '' 
 `` he 'll be assassinated by elariel allomancers this evening , '' kliss whispered . 
 `` he might be dead already-it was supposed to happen as soon as he withdrew from the lord 's table . 
 but if you want revenge , you 'll have to look toward lord straff venture too . '' 
 `` elend 's father ? '' 
 vin asked with surprise . 
 `` of course , foolish child , '' kliss said . 
 `` lord venture would love nothing more than an excuse to give the house title to his nephew instead . 
 all venture had to do was withdraw a few of his soldiers from the rooftop around young elend 's room to let in the elariel assassins . 
 and , since the assassination will occur during one of elend 's little philosophy meetings , lord venture will be able to rid himself of a hasting and a lekal too ! '' 
 vin spun . 
 i have to do something ! 
 `` of course , '' kliss said with a chuckle , standing up . 
 `` lord venture is in for a surprise himself . 
 i 've heard that your elend has some very ... choice books in his possession . 
 young venture should be much more careful about the things he tells his women , i think . '' 
 vin turned back to the smiling kliss . 
 the woman winked at her . 
 `` i 'll keep your allomancy a secret , child . 
 just make certain i get payment by tomorrow afternoon . 
 a lady must buy food-and as you can see , i need a lot of it . 
 `` as for house venture ... well , i 'd distance myself from them , if i were you . 
 shan 's assassins are going to make quite the disturbance tonight . 
 i would n't be surprised if half the court ended up in the boy 's room to see what the ruckus was about . 
 when the court sees those books elend has ... well , let 's just say that the obligators are going to become very interested in house venture for a time . 
 too bad elend will already be dead-we have n't had an open execution of a nobleman in quite some time ! '' 
 elend 's room , vin thought desperately . 
 that 's where they must be ! 
 she turned , holding the sides of her dress and rustling frantically down the balcony walkway toward the corridor she had left moments before . 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 kliss asked with surprise . 
 `` i have to stop this ! '' 
 vin said . 
 kliss laughed . 
 `` i already told you that you 're too late . 
 venture is a very old keep , and the back passages leading to the lords ' quarters are quite the maze . 
 if you do n't know your way , you 'll end up lost for hours . '' 
 vin glanced around , feeling helpless . 
 `` besides , child , '' kliss added , turning to walk away . 
 `` did n't the boy just spurn you ? 
 what do you owe him ? '' 
 vin paused . 
 she 's right . 
 what do i owe him ? 
 the answer came immediately . 
 i love him . 
 with that thought came strength . 
 vin rushed forward despite kliss 's laughter . 
 she had to try . 
 she entered the corridor and moved into the back passageways . 
 however , kliss 's words soon proved true : the dark stone passageways were narrow and unadorned . 
 she 'd never ﬁnd her way in time . 
 the roof , she thought . 
 elend 's rooms will have an outside balcony . 
 i need a window ! 
 she dashed down a passage , kicking off her shoes and pulling off her stockings , then running as best she could in the dress . 
 she searched frantically for a window big enough to ﬁt through . 
 she burst out into a larger corridor , empty save for ﬂickering torches . 
 a massive lavender rose window stood on the far side of the room . 
 good enough , vin thought . 
 with a ﬂare of steel , she threw herself into the air , pushing against a massive iron door behind her . 
 she ﬂew forward for a moment , then pushed powerfully against the rose window 's iron bindings . 
 she lurched to a stop in the air , pushing both backward and forward at the same time . 
 she strained , hanging in the empty corridor , ﬂaring her pewter to keep from being crushed . 
 the rose window was enormous , but it was mostly glass . 
 how strong could it be ? 
 very strong . 
 vin groaned beneath the strain . 
 she heard a snap behind her , and the door began to twist in its mountings . 
 you ... must ... give ! 
 she thought angrily , ﬂaring her steel . 
 chips of stone fell around the window . 
 then , with a crack of sound , the rose window burst free from the stone wall . 
 it fell backward into the dark night , and vin shot out behind it . 
 cool mist enveloped her . 
 she pulled slightly against the door inside the room , keeping herself from going out too far , then pushed mightily against the falling window . 
 the enormous dark-glassed window tumbled beneath her , churning the mists as vin shot away from it . 
 straight up , toward the roof . 
 the window crashed to the ground just as vin ﬂew up over the edge of the rooftop , her dress ﬂuttering madly in the wind . 
 she landed on the bronze-plated roof with a thump , falling to a crouch . 
 the metal was cool beneath her toes and ﬁngers . 
 tin ﬂared , illuminating the night . 
 she could see nothing out of the ordinary . 
 she burned bronze , using it as marsh had taught her , searching for signs of allomancy . 
 there were n't any-the assassins had a smoker with them . 
 i ca n't search the entire building ! 
 vin thought , desperately , ﬂaring her bronze . 
 where are they ? 
 then , oddly , she thought she sensed something . 
 an allomantic pulse in the night . 
 faint . 
 hidden . 
 but enough . 
 vin rose to dash across the rooftop , trusting her instincts . 
 as she ran , she ﬂared pewter and grabbed her dress near the neck , then ripped the garment down the front with a single yank . 
 she pulled her coin pouch and metal vials from a hidden pocket , and then-still running-she ripped the dress , petticoats , and attached leggings free , tossing it all aside . 
 her corset and gloves went next . 
 underneath , she wore a thin , sleeveless white shift and a pair of white shorts . 
 she dashed frantically . 
 i ca n't be too late , she thought . 
 please . 
 i ca n't . 
 figures resolved in the mists ahead . 
 they stood beside an angled rooftop skylight ; vin had passed several similar ones as she ran . 
 one of the ﬁgures pointed toward the skylight , a weapon glittering in its hand . 
 vin cried out , pushing herself off the bronze roof in an arcing jump . 
 she landed in the very center of the surprised group of people , then thrust her coin pouch upward , ripping it in two . 
 coins sprayed into the air , reﬂecting light from the window below . 
 as the glistening shower of metal fell around vin , she pushed . 
 coins zipped away from her like a swarm of insects , each one leaving a trail in the mist . 
 figures cried out as coins hit ﬂesh , and several of the dark forms dropped . 
 several did not . 
 some of the coins snapped away , pushed aside by invisible allomantic hands . 
 four people remained standing : two of them wore mistcloaks ; one of them was familiar . 
 shan elariel . 
 vin did n't need to see the cloak to understand ; there was only one reason a woman as important as shan would come on an assassination like this . 
 she was a mistborn . 
 `` you ? '' 
 shan asked in shock . 
 she wore a black outﬁt of trousers and shirt , her dark hair pulled back , her mistcloak worn almost stylishly . 
 two mistborn , vin thought . 
 not good . 
 she scrambled away , ducking as one of the assassins swung a dueling cane at her . 
 vin slid across the rooftop , then pulled herself to a brief halt , spinning with one hand resting against the cold bronze . 
 she reached out and pulled against the few coins that had n't escaped out into the night , yanking them back into her hand . 
 `` kill her ! '' 
 shan snapped . 
 the two men vin had felled lay groaning on the rooftop . 
 they were n't dead ; in fact , one was climbing unsteadily to his feet . 
 thugs , vin thought . 
 the other two are probably coinshots . 
 as if to prove her right , one of the men tried to push away vin 's vial of metals . 
 fortunately , there were n't enough metals in the vial to give him a very good anchor , and she kept hold of it easily . 
 shan turned her attention back to the skylight . 
 no you do n't ! 
 vin thought , dashing forward again . 
 the coinshot cried out as she approached . 
 vin ﬂipped a coin and shot it at him . 
 he , of course , pushed back-but vin anchored herself against the bronze roof and ﬂared steel , pushing with a ﬁrm effort . 
 the man 's own steelpush-transmitted from the coin , to vin , to the roof-launched him out into the air . 
 he cried out , shooting off into the darkness . 
 he was only a misting , and could n't pull himself back to the rooftop . 
 the other coinshot tried to spray vin with coins , but she deﬂected them with ease . 
 unfortunately , he was n't as foolish as his companion , and he released the coins soon after pushing them . 
 however , it was obvious that he could n't hit her . 
 why did he keep - the other mistborn ! 
 vin thought , ducking to a roll as a ﬁgure leaped from the dark mists , glass knives ﬂashing in the air . 
 vin just barely got out of the way , ﬂaring pewter to give herself balance . 
 she came to her feet beside the wounded thug , who stood on obviously weak legs . 
 with another ﬂare of pewter , vin slammed her shoulder into the man 's chest , shoving him to the side . 
 the man stumbled maladroitly , still holding his bleeding side . 
 then he tripped and fell right into the skylight . 
 the ﬁne , tinted glass shattered as he fell , and vin 's tin-enhanced ears could hear cries of surprise from below , followed by a crash as the thug hit the ground . 
 vin looked up , smiling evilly at the stunned shan . 
 behind her , the second mistborn-a man-swore quietly . 
 `` you ... you ... '' shan sputtered , her eyes ﬂaring dangerously with anger in the night . 
 take the warning , elend , vin thought , and escape . 
 it 's time for me to go . 
 she could n't face two mistborn at once-she could n't even beat kelsier most nights . 
 flaring steel , vin launched herself backward . 
 shan took a step forward and-looking determined-pushed herself after vin . 
 the second mistborn joined her . 
 bloody hell ! 
 vin thought , spinning in the air and pulling herself to the rooftop 's edge near where she had broken the rose window . 
 below , ﬁgures scrambled about , lanterns brightening the mists . 
 lord venture probably thought that the fuss meant his son was dead . 
 he was in for a surprise . 
 vin launched herself into the air again , jumping out into the misty void . 
 she could hear the two mistborn land behind her , then push off as well . 
 this is n't good , vin thought with trepidation as she hurled through the misty air currents . 
 she did n't have any coins left , nor did she have daggers-and she faced two trained mistborn . 
 she burned iron , searching frantically for an anchor in the night . 
 a line of blue , moving slowly , appeared beneath her to the right . 
 vin yanked on the line , changing her trajectory . 
 she shot downward , the venture grounds wall appearing as a dark shadow beneath her . 
 her anchor was the breastplate of an unfortunate guard , who lay atop the wall , holding frantically to a tooth in the battlements to keep himself from being pulled up toward vin . 
 vin slammed feet-ﬁrst into the man , then spun in the misty air , ﬂipping to land on the cool stone . 
 the guard collapsed to the stone , then cried out , desperately grabbing his stone anchor as another allomantic force pulled against him . 
 sorry , friend , vin thought , kicking the man 's hand free from the battlement tooth . 
 he immediately snapped upward , yanked into the air as if pulled by a powerful tether . 
 the sound of bodies colliding sounded from the darkness above , and vin saw a pair of forms drop limply to the venture courtyard . 
 vin smiled , dashing along the wall . 
 i sure hope that was shan . 
 vin jumped up , landing atop the gatehouse . 
 near the keep , people were scattering , climbing in carriages to ﬂee . 
 and so the house war starts , vin thought . 
 did n't think i 'd be the one to ofﬁcially begin it . 
 a ﬁgure plummeted toward her from the mists above . 
 vin cried out , ﬂaring pewter and jumping to the side . 
 shan landed dexterously-mistcloak tassels billowing-atop the gatehouse . 
 she had both daggers out , and her eyes burned with anger . 
 vin jumped to the side , rolling off the gatehouse and landing on the walltop below . 
 a pair of guards jumped back in alarm , surprised to see a half-naked girl fall into their midst . 
 shan dropped to the wall behind them , then pushed , throwing one of the guards in vin 's direction . 
 the man cried out as vin pushed against his breastplate as well-but he was far heavier than she , and she was thrown backward . 
 she pulled on the guard to slow herself , and the man crashed down to the walltop . 
 vin landed lithely beside him , then grabbed his staff as it rolled free from his hand . 
 shan attacked in a ﬂash of spinning daggers , and vin was forced to jump backward again . 
 she 's so good ! 
 vin thought with anxiety . 
 vin herself had barely trained with daggers ; now she wished she 'd asked kelsier for a little more practice . 
 she swung the staff , but she 'd never used one of the weapons before , and her attack was laughable . 
 shan slashed , and vin felt a ﬂare of pain in her cheek as she dodged . 
 she dropped the staff in shock , reaching up to her face and feeling blood . 
 she stumbled back , seeing the smile on shan 's face . 
 and then vin remembered the vial . 
 the one she still carried-the one kelsier had given her . 
 atium . 
 she did n't bother to grab it from the place she had tucked it at her waist . 
 she burned steel , pushing it out into the air in front of her . 
 then , she immediately burned iron and yanked on the bead of atium . 
 the vial shattered , the bead heading back toward vin . 
 she caught it in her mouth , swallowing the lump and forcing it down . 
 shan paused . 
 then , before vin could do anything , she downed a vial of her own . 
 of course she has atium ! 
 but , how much did she have ? 
 kelsier had n't given vin much-only enough for about thirty seconds . 
 shan jumped forward , smiling , her long black hair ﬂaring in the air . 
 vin gritted her teeth . 
 she did n't have much choice . 
 she burned atium . 
 immediately , shan 's form shot forth dozens of phantom atium shadows . 
 it was a mistborn standoff : the ﬁrst one who ran out of atium would be vulnerable . 
 you could n't escape an opponent who knew exactly what you were going to do . 
 vin scrambled backward , keeping an eye on shan . 
 the noblewoman stalked forward , her phantoms forming an insane bubble of translucent motion around her . 
 she seemed calm . 
 secure . 
 she has plenty of atium , vin thought , feeling her own storage burn away . 
 i need to get away . 
 a shadowy length of wood suddenly shot through vin 's chest . 
 she ducked to the side just as the real arrow - apparently made with no arrowhead-passed through the air where she had been standing . 
 she glanced toward the gate-house , where several soldiers were raising bows . 
 she cursed , glancing to the side , into the mists . 
 as she did so , she caught a smile from shan . 
 she 's just waiting for my atium to burn out . 
 she wants me to run-she knows she can chase me down . 
 there was only one other option : attack . 
 shan frowned in surprise as vin dashed forward , phantom arrows snapping against the stones just before their real counterparts arrived . 
 vin dodged between two arrows-her atium enhanced mind knowing exactly how to move-passing so close that she could feel the missiles in the air to either side of her . 
 shan swung her daggers , and vin twisted to the side , dodging one slice and blocking the other with her forearm , earning a deep gash . 
 her own blood ﬂew in the air as she spun-each droplet tossing out a translucent atium image-and ﬂared pewter , punching shan square in the stomach . 
 shan grunted in pain , bending slightly , but she did n't fall . 
 atium 's almost gone , vin thought desperately . 
 only a few seconds left . 
 so , she extinguished her atium early , exposing herself . 
 shan smiled wickedly , coming up from her crouch , right-hand dagger swinging conﬁdently . 
 she assumed that vin had run out of atium-and therefore assumed that she was exposed . 
 vulnerable . 
 at that moment , vin burned her last bit of atium . 
 shan paused just brieﬂy in confusion , giving vin an opening as a phantom arrow streaked through the mists overhead . 
 vin caught the real arrow as it followed-the grainy wood burning her ﬁngers-then rammed it down into shan 's chest . 
 the shaft snapped in vin 's hand , leaving about an inch protruding from shan 's body . 
 the woman stumbled backward , staying on her feet . 
 damn pewter , vin thought , ripping a sword from a sheath beside the unconscious soldier at her feet . 
 she jumped forward , gritting her teeth in determination , and shan-still dazed-raised a hand to push against the sword . 
 vin let the weapon go-it was just a distraction-as she slammed the second half of the broken arrow into shan 's chest just beside its counterpart . 
 this time , shan dropped . 
 she tried to rise , but one of the shafts must have done some serious damage to her heart , for her face paled . 
 she struggled for a moment , then fell lifeless to the stones . 
 vin stood , breathing deeply as she wiped the blood from her cheek-only to realize that her bloody arm was just making her face worse . 
 behind her , the soldiers called out , nocking more arrows . 
 vin glanced back toward the keep , bidding farewell to elend , then pushed herself out into the night . 
 other men worry whether or not they will be remembered . 
 i have no such fears ; even disregarding the terris prophecies , i have brought such chaos , conﬂict , and hope to this world that there is little chance that i will be forgotten . 
 i worry about what they will say of me . 
 historians can make what they wish of the past . 
 in a thousand years ' time , will i be remembered as the man who protected mankind from a powerful evil ? 
 or , will i be remembered as a tyrant who arrogantly tried to make himself a legend ? 
 31 `` i do n't know , '' kelsier said , smiling as he shrugged . 
 `` breeze would make a pretty good minister of sanitation . '' 
 the group chuckled , though breeze just rolled his eyes . 
 `` honestly , i do n't see why i consistently prove to be the target of you people 's humor . 
 why must you choose the only digniﬁed person in this crew as the butt of your mockery ? '' 
 `` because , my dear man , '' ham said , imitating breeze 's accent , `` you are , by far , the best butt we have . '' 
 `` oh , please , '' breeze said as spook nearly collapsed to the ﬂoor with laughter . 
 `` this is just getting juvenile . 
 the teenage boy was the only one who found that comment amusing , hammond . '' 
 `` i 'm a soldier , '' ham said , raising his cup . 
 `` your witty verbal attacks have no effect on me , for i 'm far too dense to understand them . '' 
 kelsier chuckled , leaning back against the cupboard . 
 one problem with working at night was that he missed the evening gatherings in clubs 's kitchen . 
 breeze and ham continued their general banter . 
 dox sat at the end of the table , going over ledgers and reports , while spook sat by ham eagerly , trying his best to take part in the conversation . 
 clubs sat in his corner , overseeing , occasionally smiling , and generally enjoying his ability to give the best scowls in the room . 
 `` i should be leaving , master kelsier , '' sazed said , checking the wall clock . 
 `` mistress vin should be about ready to leave . '' 
 kelsier nodded . 
 `` i should get going myself . 
 i still have to - '' the outside kitchen door slammed open . 
 vin stood silhouetted by the dark mist , wearing nothing but her dressing undergarments-a ﬂimsy white shirt and shorts . 
 both were sprayed with blood . 
 `` vin ! '' 
 ham exclaimed , standing . 
 her cheek bore a long , thin gash , and she had a bandage tied on one forearm . 
 `` i 'm ﬁne , '' she said wearily . 
 `` what happened to your dress ? '' 
 dockson immediately demanded . 
 `` you mean this ? '' 
 vin asked apologetically , holding up a ripped , soot-stained blue mass of cloth . 
 `` it ... got in the way . 
 sorry , dox . '' 
 `` lord ruler , girl ! '' 
 breeze said . 
 `` forget the dress-what happened to you ! '' 
 vin shook her head , shutting the door . 
 spook blushed furiously at her outﬁt , and sazed immediately moved over , checking the wound on her cheek . 
 `` i think i did something bad , '' vin said . 
 `` i. . 
 kind of killed shan elariel . '' 
 `` you did what ? '' 
 kelsier asked as sazed tisked quietly , leaving the small cheek cut alone as he undid the bandage on her arm . 
 vin ﬂinched slightly at sazed 's ministrations . 
 `` she was mistborn . 
 we fought . 
 i won . '' 
 you killed a fully-trained mistborn ? 
 kelsier thought with shock . 
 you 've practiced for barely eight months ! 
 `` master hammond , '' sazed requested , `` would you fetch my healer 's bag ? '' 
 ham nodded , rising . 
 `` you might want to grab her something to wear too , '' kelsier suggested . 
 `` i think poor spook 's about to have a heart attack . '' 
 `` what 's wrong with this ? '' 
 vin asked , nodding toward her clothing . 
 `` it 's not that much more revealing than some of the thief 's clothing i 've worn . '' 
 `` those are undergarments , vin , '' dockson said . 
 `` so ? '' 
 `` it 's the principle of the matter , '' dockson said . 
 `` young ladies do not run around in their undergarments , no matter how much those undergarments may resemble regular clothing . '' 
 vin shrugged , sitting as sazed held a bandage to her arm . 
 she seemed ... exhausted . 
 and not just from the ﬁghting . 
 what else happened at that party ? 
 `` where did you ﬁght the elariel woman ? '' 
 kelsier asked . 
 `` outside keep venture , '' vin said , looking down . 
 `` i. . . 
 think some of the guards spotted me . 
 some of the nobles might have too , i 'm not certain . '' 
 `` that 's going to be trouble , '' dockson said , sighing . 
 `` of course , that cheek wound is going to be pretty obvious , even with makeup . 
 honestly , you allomancers ... do n't you ever worry about what you 're going to look like the day after you get into one of these ﬁghts ? '' 
 `` i was kind of focused on staying alive , dox , '' vin said . 
 `` he 's just complaining because he 's worried about you , '' kelsier said as ham returned with the bag . 
 `` that 's what he does . '' 
 `` both wounds will require immediate stitching , mistress , '' sazed said . 
 `` the one on your arm hit the bone , i think . '' 
 vin nodded , and sazed rubbed her arm with a numbing agent , then began to work . 
 she bore it without much visible discomfort-though she obviously had her pewter ﬂared . 
 she looks so exhausted , kelsier thought . 
 she was such a frail-looking thing , mostly just arms and legs . 
 hammond put a cloak around her shoulders , but she appeared too tired to care . 
 and i brought her into this . 
 of course , she should know better than to get herself into this kind of trouble . 
 eventually , sazed ﬁnished his efﬁcient sewing , then tied a new bandage around the arm wound . 
 he moved onto the cheek . 
 `` why would you ﬁght a mistborn ? '' 
 kelsier asked sternly . 
 `` you should have run . 
 did n't you learn anything from your battle with the inquisitors ? '' 
 `` i could n't get away without turning my back on her , '' vin said . 
 `` besides , she had more atium than me . 
 if i had n't attacked , she would have chased me down . 
 i had to strike while we were equally matched . '' 
 `` but how did you get into this in the ﬁrst place ? '' 
 kelsier demanded . 
 `` did she attack you ? '' 
 vin glanced down at her feet . 
 `` i attacked ﬁrst . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 kelsier asked . 
 vin sat for a moment , sazed working on her cheek . 
 `` she was going to kill elend , '' she ﬁnally said . 
 kelsier exhaled in exasperation . 
 `` elend venture ? 
 you risked your life-risked the plan , and our lives-for that fool of a boy ? '' 
 vin looked up , glaring at him . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` what is wrong with you , girl ? '' 
 kelsier asked . 
 `` elend venture is n't worth this . '' 
 she stood angrily , sazed backing away , the cloak falling the ﬂoor . 
 `` he 's a good man ! '' 
 `` he 's a nobleman ! '' 
 `` so are you ! '' 
 vin snapped . 
 she waved a frustrated arm toward the kitchen and the crew . 
 `` what do you think this is , kelsier ? 
 the life of a skaa ? 
 what do any of you know about skaa ? 
 aristocratic suits , stalking your enemies in the night , full meals and nightcaps around the table with your friends ? 
 that 's not the life of a skaa ! '' 
 she took a step forward , glaring at kelsier . 
 he blinked in surprise at the outburst . 
 `` what do you know about them , kelsier ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` when 's the last time you slept in an alley , shivering in the cold rain , listening to the beggar next to you cough with a sickness you knew would kill him ? 
 when 's the last time you had to lay awake at night , terriﬁed that one of the men in your crew would try to rape you ? 
 have you ever knelt , starving , wishing you had the courage to knife the crewmember beside you just so you could take his crust of bread ? 
 have you ever cowered before your brother as he beat you , all the time feeling thankful because at least you had someone who paid attention to you ? '' 
 she fell silent , pufﬁng slightly , the crewmembers staring at her . 
 `` do n't talk to me about noblemen , '' vin said . 
 `` and do n't say things about people you do n't know . 
 you 're no skaa - you 're just noblemen without titles . '' 
 she turned , stalking from the room . 
 kelsier watched her go , shocked , hearing her footsteps on the stairs . 
 he stood , dumbfounded , feeling a surprising ﬂush of ashamed guilt . 
 and , for once , found himself without anything to say . 
 vin did n't go to her room . 
 she climbed to the roof , where the mists curled in the quiet , unlit night . 
 she sat down in the corner , the rough stone lip of the ﬂat rooftop against her nearly bare back , wood beneath her . 
 she was cold , but she did n't care . 
 her arm hurt a bit , but it was mostly numb . 
 she did n't feel nearly numb enough herself . 
 she crossed her arms , huddling down , watching the mists . 
 she did n't know what to think , let alone what to feel . 
 she should n't have exploded at kelsier , but everything that had happened ... the ﬁght , elend 's betrayal ... it just left her feeling frustrated . 
 she needed to be angry at someone . 
 you should just be angry at yourself , reen 's voice whispered . 
 you 're the one who let them get close . 
 now they 're all just going to leave you . 
 she could n't make it stop hurting . 
 she could only sit and shiver as the tears fell , wondering how everything had collapsed so quickly . 
 the trapdoor to the rooftop opened with a quiet creak , and kelsier 's head appeared . 
 oh , lord ruler ! 
 i do n't want to face him now . 
 she tried to wipe away her tears , but she only succeeded in aggravating the freshly stitched wound on her cheek . 
 kelsier closed the trapdoor behind him , then stood , so tall and proud , staring up at the mists . 
 he did n't deserve the things i said . 
 none of them did . 
 `` watching the mists is comforting , is n't it ? '' 
 kelsier asked . 
 vin nodded . 
 `` what is it i once told you ? 
 the mists protect you , they give you power . . 
 they hide you ... '' he looked down , then he walked over and crouched before her , holding out a cloak . 
 `` there are some things you ca n't hide from , vin . 
 i know-i 've tried . '' 
 she accepted the cloak , then wrapped it around her shoulders . 
 `` what happened tonight ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` what really happened ? '' 
 `` elend told me that he did n't want to be with me anymore . '' 
 `` ah , '' kelsier said , moving over to sit beside her . 
 `` was this before or after you killed his former ﬁancee ? '' 
 `` before , '' vin said . 
 `` and you still protected him ? '' 
 vin nodded , snifﬂing quietly . 
 `` i know . 
 i 'm an idiot . '' 
 `` no more than the rest of us , '' kelsier said with a sigh . 
 he looked up into the mists . 
 `` i loved mare too , even after she betrayed me . 
 nothing could change how i felt . '' 
 `` and that 's why it hurts so much , '' vin said , remembering what kelsier had said before . 
 i think i ﬁnally understand . 
 `` you do n't stop loving someone just because they hurt you , '' he said . 
 `` it would certainly make things easier if you did . '' 
 she started to snifﬂe again , and he put a fatherly arm around her . 
 she pulled close , trying to use his warmth to push away the pain . 
 `` i loved him , kelsier , '' she whispered . 
 `` elend ? 
 i know . '' 
 `` no , not elend , '' vin said . 
 `` reen . 
 he beat me over , and over , and over . 
 he swore at me , he yelled at me , he told me he 'd betray me . 
 every day , i thought about how much i hated him . 
 `` and i loved him . 
 i still do . 
 it hurts so much to think that he 's gone , even though he always told me he would leave . '' 
 `` oh , child , '' kelsier said , pulling her close . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` everyone leaves me , '' she whispered . 
 `` i can barely remember my mother . 
 she tried to kill me , you know . 
 she heard voices , in her head , and they made her kill my baby sister . 
 she was probably going to kill me next , but reen stopped her . 
 `` either way , she left me . 
 after that , i clung to reen . 
 he left too . 
 i love elend , but he does n't want me anymore . '' 
 she looked up at kelsier . 
 `` when are you going to go ? 
 when will you leave me ? '' 
 kelsier looked sorrowful . 
 `` i. . . 
 vin , i do n't know . 
 this job , the plan ... '' she searched his eyes , looking for the secrets therein . 
 what are you hiding from me , kelsier ? 
 something that dangerous ? 
 she wiped her eyes again , pulling away from him , feeling foolish . 
 he looked down , shaking his head . 
 `` look , now you got blood all over my nice , dirty , pretend informant 's clothing . '' 
 vin smiled . 
 `` at least some of it is noble blood . 
 i got shan pretty good . '' 
 kelsier chuckled . 
 `` you 're probably right about me , you know . 
 i do n't give the nobility much of a chance , do i ? '' 
 vin ﬂushed . 
 `` kelsier , i should n't have said those things . 
 you 're good people , and this plan of yours ... well , i realize what you 're trying to do for the skaa . '' 
 `` no , vin , '' kelsier said , shaking his head . 
 `` what you said was true . 
 we 're not really skaa . '' 
 `` but , that 's good , '' vin said . 
 `` if you were regular skaa , you would n't have the experience or courage to plan something like this . '' 
 `` they might lack experience , '' kelsier said . 
 `` but not courage . 
 our army lost , true , but they were willing-with minimal training-to charge a superior force . 
 no , the skaa do n't lack courage . 
 just opportunity . '' 
 `` then it 's your position as half skaa , half nobleman that has given you opportunity , kelsier . 
 and you 've chosen to use that opportunity to help your skaa half . 
 that makes you worthy of being a skaa if anything does . '' 
 kelsier smiled . 
 `` worthy to be a skaa . 
 i like the sound of that . 
 regardless , perhaps i need to spend a little less time worrying about which noblemen to kill , and a little more time worrying about which peasants to help . '' 
 vin nodded , pulling the cloak close as she stared up into the mists . 
 they protect us ... give us power ... hide us ... she had n't felt like she needed to hide in a long time . 
 but now , after the things she 'd said below , she almost wished that she could just blow away like a wisp of mist . 
 i need to tell him . 
 it could mean the plan 's success or failure . 
 she took a deep breath . 
 `` house venture has a weakness , kelsier . '' 
 he perked up . 
 `` it does ? '' 
 vin nodded . 
 `` atium . 
 they make certain the metal is harvested and delivered-it 's the source of their wealth . '' 
 kelsier paused for a moment . 
 `` of course ! 
 that 's how they can pay the taxes , that 's why they 're so powerful ... he would need someone to handle things for him ... '' `` kelsier ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 he looked back at her . 
 `` do n't . . 
 do anything unless you have to , all right ? '' 
 kelsier frowned . 
 `` i. . 
 do n't know that i can promise anything , vin . 
 i 'll try and think of another way , but as things stand now , venture has to fall . '' 
 `` i understand . '' 
 `` i 'm glad you told me , though . '' 
 she nodded . 
 and now i 've betrayed him too . 
 there was a peace in knowing , however , that she had n't done it out of spite . 
 kelsier was right : house venture was a power that needed to be toppled . 
 oddly , her mention of the house seemed to bother kelsier more than it did her . 
 he sat , staring into the mists , strangely melancholy . 
 he reached down , absently scratching his arm . 
 the scars , vin thought . 
 it is n't house venture he 's thinking about-it 's the pits . 
 her . 
 `` kelsier ? '' 
 she said . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 his eyes still looking a bit ... absent as he watched the mists . 
 `` i do n't think that mare betrayed you . '' 
 he smiled . 
 `` i 'm glad you think that way . '' 
 `` no , i really mean it , '' vin said . 
 `` the inquisitors were waiting for you when you got to the center of the palace , right ? '' 
 kelsier nodded . 
 `` they were waiting for us too . '' 
 kelsier shook his head . 
 `` you and i fought some guards , made some noise . 
 when mare and i went in , we were quiet . 
 we 'd planned for a year-we were stealthy , secretive , and very careful . 
 someone set a trap for us . '' 
 `` mare was an allomancer , right ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 `` they could have just sensed you coming . '' 
 kelsier shook his head . 
 `` we had a smoker with us . 
 redd was his name-the inquisitors killed him straight off . 
 i 've wondered if he was the traitor , but that just does n't work . 
 redd did n't even know about the inﬁltration until that night , when we went and got him . 
 only mare knew enough - dates , times , objectives-to have betrayed us . 
 besides , there 's the lord ruler 's comment . 
 you did n't see him , vin . 
 smiling as he thanked mare . 
 there was ... honesty in his eyes . 
 they say the lord ruler does n't lie . 
 why would he need to ? '' 
 vin sat quietly for a moment , considering what he 'd said . 
 `` kelsier , '' she said slowly , `` i think that inquisitors can sense our allomancy even when we 're burning copper . '' 
 `` impossible . '' 
 `` i did it tonight . 
 i punctured shan 's coppercloud to locate her and the other assassins . 
 that 's how i got to elend in time . '' 
 kelsier frowned . 
 `` you 've got to be mistaken . '' 
 `` it happened before too , '' vin said . 
 `` i can feel the lord ruler 's touch on my emotions , even when i 'm burning copper . 
 and i swear that when i was hiding from that inquisitor who was hunting me , he found me when he should n't have been able to . 
 kelsier , what if it 's possible ? 
 what if hiding yourself by smoking is n't just a simple matter of whether or not your copper is on ? 
 what if it just depends on how strong you are ? '' 
 kelsier sat thoughtfully . 
 `` it could be possible , i suppose . '' 
 `` then mare would n't have had to betray you ! '' 
 vin said eagerly . 
 `` inquisitors are extremely powerful . 
 the ones who were waiting for you , maybe they just felt you burning metals ! 
 they knew that an allomancer was trying to sneak into the palace . 
 then , the lord ruler thanked her because she was the one who gave you away ! 
 she was the allomancer , burning tin , that led them to you . '' 
 kelsier 's face took on a troubled expression . 
 he turned , sitting himself so he was directly in front of her . 
 `` do it now , then . 
 tell me what metal i 'm burning . '' 
 vin closed her eyes , ﬂaring bronze , listening ... feeling , as marsh had taught her . 
 she remembered her solitary trainings , time spent focusing on the waves breeze , ham , or spook gave off for her . 
 she tried to pick out the fuzzing rhythm of allomancy . 
 tried to ... for a moment , she thought she felt something . 
 something very strange-a slow pulsing , like a distant drum , unlike any allomantic rhythm she 'd felt before . 
 but it was n't coming from kelsier . 
 it was distant ... far away . 
 she focused harder , trying to pick out the direction it was coming from . 
 but suddenly , as she focused harder , something else drew her attention . 
 a more familiar rhythm , coming from kelsier . 
 it was faint , difﬁcult to feel over the pulsing of her own heartbeat . 
 it was a bold beat , and quick . 
 she opened her eyes . 
 `` pewter ! 
 you 're burning pewter . '' 
 kelsier blinked in surprise . 
 `` impossible , '' he whispered . 
 `` again ! '' 
 she closed her eyes . 
 `` tin , '' she said after a moment . 
 `` now steel-you changed as soon as i spoke . '' 
 `` bloody hell ! '' 
 `` i was right , '' vin said eagerly . 
 `` you can feel allomantic pulses through copper ! 
 they 're quiet , but i guess you just have to focus hard enough to - '' `` vin , '' kelsier interrupted . 
 `` do n't you think allomancers have tried this before ? 
 you do n't think that after a thousand years ` time , someone would have noticed that you could pierce a coppercloud ? 
 i 've even tried it . 
 i focused for hours on my master , trying to sense something through his coppercloud . '' 
 `` but . . '' 
 vin said . 
 `` but why ... ? '' 
 `` it must have to do with strength , like you said . 
 inquisitors can push and pull harder than any regular mistborn - perhaps they 're so strong that they can overwhelm someone else 's metal . '' 
 `` but , kelsier , '' vin said quietly . 
 `` i 'm not an inquisitor . '' 
 `` but you 're strong , '' he said . 
 `` stronger than you have any right to be . 
 you killed a full mistborn tonight ! '' 
 `` by luck , '' vin said , face ﬂushing . 
 `` i just tricked her . '' 
 `` allomancy is nothing but tricks , vin . 
 no , there 's something special about you . 
 i noticed it on that ﬁrst day , when you shrugged off my attempts to push and pull your emotions . '' 
 she ﬂushed . 
 `` it ca n't be that , kelsier . 
 maybe i 've just practiced with bronze more than you ... i do n't know , i just ... '' `` vin , '' kelsier said , `` you 're still too self-effacing . 
 you 're good at this-that much is obvious . 
 if that 's why you can see through copperclouds ... well , i do n't know . 
 but learn to take a little pride in yourself , kid ! 
 if there 's anything i can teach you , it 's how to be self-conﬁdent . '' 
 vin smiled . 
 `` come on , '' he said , standing and holding out a hand to help her up . 
 `` sazed is going to fret all night if you do n't let him ﬁnish stitching that cheek wound , and ham 's dying to hear about your battle . 
 good job leaving shan 's body back at keep venture , by the way-when house elariel hears that she was found dead on venture property ... '' vin allowed him to pull her up , but she glanced toward the trapdoor apprehensively . 
 `` i. . . 
 do n't know if i want to go down yet , kelsier . 
 how can i face them ? '' 
 kelsier laughed . 
 `` oh , do n't worry . 
 if you did n't say some stupid things every once in a while , you certainly would n't ﬁt in with this group . 
 come on . '' 
 vin hesitated , then let him lead her back down to the warmth of the kitchen . 
 `` elend , how can you read at times like this ? '' 
 jastes asked . 
 elend looked up from his book . 
 `` it calms me . '' 
 jastes raised an eyebrow . 
 the young lekal sat impatiently in the coach , tapping his ﬁngers on the armrest . 
 the window shades were drawn , partially to hide the light of elend 's reading lantern , partially to keep out the mists . 
 though elend would never admit it , the swirling fog made him just a bit nervous . 
 noblemen were n't supposed to be afraid of such things , but that did n't change the fact that the deep , caliginous mist was just plain creepy . 
 `` your father is going to be livid when you get back , '' jastes noted , still tapping the armrest . 
 elend shrugged , though this comment did make him a little bit nervous . 
 not because of his father , but because of what had happened this night . 
 some allomancers had , apparently , been spying on elend 's meeting with his friends . 
 what information had they gathered ? 
 did they know about the books he 'd read ? 
 fortunately , one of them had tripped , falling through elend 's skylight . 
 after that , it had been confusion and chaos-soldiers and ballgoers running about in a semi-panic . 
 elend 's ﬁrst thought had been for the books-the dangerous ones , the ones that if the obligators found he possessed , could get him into serious trouble . 
 so , in the confusion , he 'd dumped them all in a bag and followed jastes down to the palace side exit . 
 grabbing a carriage and sneaking out of the palace grounds had been an extreme move , perhaps , but it had been ridiculously easy . 
 with the number of carriages ﬂeeing the venture grounds , not a single person had paused to notice that elend himself was in the carriage with jastes . 
 it 's probably all died down by now , elend told himself . 
 people will realize that house venture was n't trying to attack them , and that there was n't really any danger . 
 just some spies who got careless . 
 he should have returned by now . 
 however , his convenient absence from the palace gave him a perfect excuse to check on another group of spies . 
 and this time , elend himself had sent them . 
 a sudden knock on the door made jastes jump , and elend closed his book , then opened the carriage door . 
 felt , one of the house venture chief spies , climbed into the carriage , nodding his hawkish , mustached face respectfully to elend , then jastes . 
 `` well ? '' 
 jastes asked . 
 felt sat down with the keen litheness of his kind . 
 `` the building is ostensibly a woodcrafter 's shop , m ` lord . 
 one of my men has heard of the place-it 's run by one master cladent , a skaa carpenter of no small skill . '' 
 elend frowned . 
 `` why did valette 's steward come here ? '' 
 `` we think that the shop is a front , m ` lord , '' felt said . 
 `` we 've been observing it ever since the steward led us here , as you ordered . 
 however , we 've had to be very careful - there are several watchnests hidden on its roof and top ﬂoors . '' 
 elend frowned . 
 `` an odd precaution for a simple craftsman 's shop , i should think . '' 
 felt nodded . 
 `` that 's not the half of it , m ` lord . 
 we managed to sneak one of our best men up to the building itself - we do n't think he was spotted-but he had a remarkably difﬁcult time hearing what 's going on inside . 
 the windows are sealed and stuffed to keep in sound . '' 
 another odd precaution , elend thought . 
 `` what do you think it means ? '' 
 he asked felt . 
 `` it 's got to be an underground hideout , m ` lord , '' felt said . 
 `` and a good one . 
 if we had n't been watching carefully , and been certain what to look for , we would never have noticed the signs . 
 my guess is that the men inside-even the terrisman - are members of a skaa thieving crew . 
 a very well-funded and skilled one . '' 
 `` a skaa thieving crew ? '' 
 jastes asked . 
 `` and lady valette too ? '' 
 `` likely , m ` lord , '' felt said . 
 elend paused . 
 `` a. . 
 skaa thieving crew . . '' 
 he said , stunned . 
 why would they send one of their members to balls ? 
 to perform a scam of some sort , perhaps ? 
 `` m'lord ? '' 
 felt asked . 
 `` do you want us to break in ? 
 i 've got enough men to take their entire crew . '' 
 `` no , '' elend said . 
 `` call your men back , and tell no one of what you 've seen this night . '' 
 `` yes , m ` lord , '' felt said , climbing out of the coach . 
 `` lord ruler ! '' 
 jastes said as the carriage door closed . 
 `` no wonder she did n't seem like a regular noblewoman . 
 it was n't her rural upbringing-she 's just a thief ! '' 
 elend nodded , thoughtful , not certain what to think . 
 `` you owe me an apology , '' jastes said . 
 `` i was right about her , eh ? '' 
 `` perhaps , '' elend said . 
 `` but . . 
 in a way , you were wrong about her too . 
 she was n't trying to spy on me-she was just trying to rob me . '' 
 `` so ? '' 
 `` i. . . 
 need to think about this , '' elend said , reaching out and knocking for the carriage to start moving . 
 he sat back as the coach began to roll back toward keep venture . 
 valette was n't the person that she 'd said she was . 
 however , he 'd already prepared himself for that news . 
 not only had jastes 's words about her made him suspicious , valette herself had n't denied elend 's accusations earlier in the night . 
 it was obvious ; she had been lying to him . 
 playing a part . 
 he should have been furious . 
 he realized this , logically , and a piece of him did ache of betrayal . 
 but , oddly , the primary emotion he felt was one of ... relief . 
 `` what ? '' 
 jastes asked , studying elend with a frown . 
 elend shook his head . 
 `` you 've had me worrying over this for days , jastes . 
 i felt so sick that i could barely function-all because i thought that valette was a traitor . '' 
 `` but she is . 
 elend , she 's probably trying to scam you ! '' 
 `` yes , '' elend said , `` but at least she probably is n't a spy for another house . 
 in the face of all the intrigue , politics , and backbiting that has been going on lately , something as simple as a robbery feels slightly refreshing . '' 
 `` but ... '' `` it 's only money , jastes . '' 
 `` money is kind of important to some of us , elend . '' 
 `` not as important as valette . 
 that poor girl ... all this time , she must have been worrying about the scam she would have to pull on me ! '' 
 jastes sat for a moment , then he ﬁnally shook his head . 
 `` elend , only you would be relieved to ﬁnd out that someone was trying to steal from you . 
 need i remind you that the girl has been lying this entire time ? 
 you might have grown attached to her , but i doubt her own feelings are genuine . '' 
 `` you may be right , '' elend admitted . 
 `` but ... i do n't know , jastes . 
 i feel like i know this girl . 
 her emotions ... they just seem too real , too honest , to be false . '' 
 `` doubtful , '' jastes said . 
 elend shook his head . 
 `` we do n't have enough information to judge her yet . 
 felt thinks she 's a thief , but there have to be other reasons a group like that would send someone to balls . 
 maybe she 's just an informant . 
 or , maybe she is a thief-but not one who ever intended to rob me . 
 she spent an awful lot of time mixing with the other nobility-why would she do that if i was her target ? 
 in fact , she spent relatively little time with me , and she never plied me for gifts . '' 
 he paused-imagining his meeting valette as a pleasant accident , an event that had thrown a terrible twist into both of their lives . 
 he smiled , then shook his head . 
 `` no , jastes . 
 there 's more here than we 're seeing . 
 something about her still does n't make sense . '' 
 `` i. . . 
 suppose , el , '' jastes said , frowning . 
 elend sat upright , a sudden thought occurring to him-a thought that made his speculations about valette 's motivation seem far less important . 
 `` jastes , '' he said . 
 `` she 's skaa ! '' 
 `` and ? '' 
 `` and she fooled me-fooled us both . 
 she acted the part of an aristocrat almost perfectly . '' 
 `` an inexperienced aristocrat , perhaps . '' 
 `` i had a real skaa thief with me ! '' 
 elend said . 
 `` think of the questions i could have asked her . '' 
 `` questions ? 
 what kind of questions ? '' 
 `` questions about being skaa , '' elend said . 
 `` that 's not the point . 
 jastes , she fooled us . 
 if we ca n't tell the difference between a skaa and a noblewoman , that means that the skaa ca n't be very different from us . 
 and , if they 're not that different from us , what right do we have treating them as we do ? '' 
 jastes shrugged . 
 `` elend , i do n't think you 're looking at this in perspective . 
 we 're in the middle of a house war . '' 
 elend nodded distractedly . 
 i was so hard on her this evening . 
 too hard ? 
 he had wanted her to believe , totally and completely , that he did n't want anything more to do with her . 
 part of that had been genuine , for his own worries had convinced him that she could n't be trusted . 
 and she could n't be , not at the moment . 
 either way , he 'd wanted her to leave the city . 
 he 'd thought that the best thing to do was break off the relationship until the house war was through . 
 but , assuming she 's really not a noblewoman , then there 's no reason for her to leave . 
 `` elend ? '' 
 jastes asked . 
 `` are you even paying attention to me ? '' 
 elend looked up . 
 `` i think i did something wrong tonight . 
 i wanted to get valette out of luthadel . 
 but , now i think i hurt her for no reason . '' 
 `` bloody hell , elend ! '' 
 jastes said . 
 `` allomancers were listening to our conference this night . 
 do you realize what could have happened ? 
 what if they 'd decided to kill us , rather than just spy on us ? '' 
 `` ah , yes , you 're right , '' elend said with a distracted nod . 
 `` it 's best if valette leaves anyway . 
 anyone close to me will be in danger during the days to come . '' 
 jastes paused , his annoyance deepening , then he ﬁnally laughed . 
 `` you 're hopeless . '' 
 `` i try my best , '' elend said . 
 `` but , seriously , there 's no use worrying . 
 the spies gave themselves away , and likely got chased off-or even captured-in the chaos . 
 we now know some of the secrets that valette is hiding , so we 're ahead there too . 
 it 's been a very productive night ! '' 
 `` that 's an optimistic way of looking at it , i guess ... '' `` once again , i try my best . '' 
 even still , he would feel more comfortable when they got back to keep venture . 
 perhaps it had been foolhardy to sneak away from the palace before hearing the details of what had happened , but elend had n't exactly been thinking carefully at the time . 
 besides , he 'd had the previously arranged meeting with felt to attend , and the chaos had made a perfect opportunity to slip away . 
 the carriage slowly pulled up to the venture gates . 
 `` you should go , '' elend said , slipping out of the carriage door . 
 `` take the books . '' 
 jastes nodded , grabbing the sack , then bidding elend farewell as he shut the carriage door . 
 elend waited as the carriage rolled back away from the gates , then he turned and walked the rest of the way to the keep , the surprised gate guards letting him pass with ease . 
 the grounds were still ablaze with light . 
 guards were already waiting for him at the front of the keep , and a group of them rushed out into the mists to meet him . 
 and surround him . 
 `` my lord , your father - '' `` yes , '' elend interrupted , sighing . 
 `` i assume i 'm to be taken to him immediately ? '' 
 `` yes , my lord . '' 
 `` lead on , then , captain . '' 
 they entered through the lord 's entrance on the side of the building . 
 lord straff venture stood in his study , speaking with a group of guard ofﬁcers . 
 elend could tell from the pale faces that they had received a ﬁrm scolding , perhaps even threats of beatings . 
 they were noblemen , so venture could n't execute them , but he was very fond of the more brutal disciplinary forms . 
 lord venture dismissed the soldiers with a sharp gesture , then turned to elend with hostile eyes . 
 elend frowned , watching the soldiers go . 
 everything all seemed a little too ... tense . 
 `` well ? '' 
 lord venture demanded . 
 `` well what ? '' 
 `` where have you been ? '' 
 `` oh , i left , '' elend said offhandedly . 
 lord venture sighed . 
 `` fine . 
 endanger yourself if you wish , boy . 
 in a way , it 's too bad that mistborn did n't catch you - they could have saved me a great deal of frustration . '' 
 `` mistborn ? '' 
 elend asked , frowning . 
 `` what mistborn ? '' 
 `` the one that was planning to assassinate you , '' lord venture snapped . 
 elend blinked in startlement . 
 `` so ... it was n't just a spying team ? '' 
 `` oh , no , '' venture said , smiling somewhat wickedly . 
 `` an entire assassination team , sent here after you and your friends . '' 
 lord ruler ! 
 elend thought , realizing how foolish he had been to go out alone . 
 i did n't expect the house war to get so dangerous so quickly ! 
 at least , not for me ... `` how do we know it was a mistborn ? '' 
 elend asked , gathering his wits . 
 `` our guards managed to kill her , '' straff said . 
 `` as she was ﬂeeing . '' 
 elend frowned . 
 `` a full mistborn ? 
 killed by common soldiers ? '' 
 `` archers , '' lord venture said . 
 `` apparently , they took her by surprise . '' 
 `` and the man who fell through my skylight ? '' 
 elend asked . 
 `` dead , '' lord venture said . 
 `` broken neck . '' 
 elend frowned . 
 that man was still alive when we ﬂed . 
 what are you hiding , father ? 
 `` the mistborn . 
 anyone i know ? '' 
 `` i 'd say so , '' lord venture said , settling into his desk chair , not looking up . 
 `` it was shan elariel . '' 
 elend froze in shock . 
 shan ? 
 he thought , dumbfounded . 
 they 'd been engaged , and she 'd never even mentioned that she was an allomancer . 
 that probably meant ... she 'd been a plant all along . 
 perhaps house elariel had planned to have elend killed once an elariel grandson was born to the house title . 
 you 're right , jastes . 
 i ca n't avoid politics by ignoring it . 
 i 've been a part of it all for much longer than i assumed . 
 his father was obviously pleased with himself . 
 a high-proﬁle member of house elariel was dead on venture grounds after trying to assassinate elend ... with such a triumph , lord venture would be insufferable for days . 
 elend sighed . 
 `` did we capture any of the assassins alive , then ? '' 
 straff shook his head . 
 `` one fell to the courtyard as he was trying to ﬂee . 
 he got away-he might have been mistborn too . 
 we found one man dead on the roof , but we are n't sure if there were others in the team or not . '' 
 he paused . 
 `` what ? '' 
 elend asked , reading the slight confusion in his father 's eyes . 
 `` nothing , '' straff said , waving a dismissive hand . 
 `` some of the guards claim there was a third mistborn , ﬁghting the other two , but i doubt the reports-it was n't one of ours . '' 
 elend paused . 
 a third mistborn , ﬁghting the other two ... `` maybe someone found out about the assassination and tried to stop it . '' 
 lord venture snorted . 
 `` why would someone else 's mistborn try to protect you ? '' 
 `` maybe they just wanted to stop an innocent man from being murdered . '' 
 lord venture shook his head , laughing . 
 `` you are an idiot , boy . 
 you understand that , right ? '' 
 elend ﬂushed , then turned away . 
 it did n't appear that lord venture wanted anything more , so elend left . 
 he could n't go back to his rooms , not with the broken window and the guards , so he made his way to a guest bedroom , calling for a set of hazekillers to watch outside his door and balcony-just in case . 
 he prepared for bed , thinking about the conversation . 
 his father was probably right about the third mistborn . 
 that just was n't the way things worked . 
 but ... that 's the way it should be . 
 the way it could be , maybe . 
 there were so many things elend wished he could do . 
 but , his father was healthy , and young for a lord of his power . 
 it would be decades before elend assumed the house title , assuming he even survived that long . 
 he wished he could go to valette , talk to her , explain his frustrations . 
 she 'd understand what he was thinking ; for some reason , she always seemed to understand him better than others . 
 and , she 's skaa ! 
 he could n't get over the thought . 
 he had so many questions , so many things he wanted to ﬁnd out from her . 
 later , he thought as he climbed into bed . 
 for now , focus on keeping the house together . 
 his words to valette in that area had n't been false-he needed to make certain his family survived the house war . 
 after that ... well , perhaps they could ﬁnd a way to work around the lies and the scams . 
 though many terrismen express a resentment of khlennium , there is also envy . 
 i have heard the packmen speak in wonder of the khlenni cathedrals , with their amazing stained-glass windows and broad halls . 
 they also seem very fond of our fashion-back in the cities , i saw that many young terrismen had traded in their furs and skins for well-tailored gentlemen 's suits . 
 32 two streets over from clubs 's shop , there was a building of unusual height compared with those surrounding it . 
 it was some kind of tenement , vin thought-a place to pack skaa families . 
 she 'd never been inside of it , however . 
 she dropped a coin , then shot herself up along the side of the six-story building . 
 she landed lightly on the rooftop , causing a ﬁgure crouching in the darkness to jump in surprise . 
 `` it 's just me , '' vin whispered , sneaking quietly across the sloped roof . 
 spook smiled at her in the night . 
 as the crew 's best tineye , he usually got the most important watches . 
 recently , those were the ones during the early evening . 
 that was the time when conﬂict among the great houses was most likely to turn to outright ﬁghting . 
 `` are they still going at it ? '' 
 vin asked quietly , ﬂaring her tin , scanning the city . 
 a bright haze shone in the distance , giving the mists a strange luminescence . 
 spook nodded , pointing toward the light . 
 `` keep hasting . 
 elariel soldiers with the attacking tonight . '' 
 vin nodded . 
 keep hasting 's destruction had been expected for some time-it had suffered a half-dozen raids from different houses during the last week . 
 allies withdrawing , ﬁnances wrecked , it was only a matter of time before it fell . 
 oddly , none of the houses attacked during the daytime . 
 there was a feigned air of secrecy about the war , as if the aristocracy acknowledged the lord ruler 's dominance , and did n't want to upset him by resorting to daylight warfare . 
 it was all handled at night , beneath a cloak of mists . 
 `` wasing the want of this , '' spook said . 
 vin paused . 
 `` uh , spook . 
 could you try to speak ... normal ? '' 
 spook nodded toward a distant , dark structure in the distance . 
 `` the lord ruler . 
 liking he wants the ﬁghting . '' 
 vin nodded . 
 kelsier was right . 
 there has n't been much of an outcry from the ministry or the palace regarding the house war , and the garrison is taking its time getting back to luthadel . 
 the lord ruler expected the house war-and intends to let it run its course . 
 like a wildﬁre , left to blaze and renew a ﬁeld . 
 except this time , as one ﬁre died , another would start - kelsier 's attack on the city . 
 assuming marsh can ﬁnd out how to stop the steel inquisitors . 
 assuming we can take the palace . 
 and , of course , assuming kelsier can ﬁnd a way to deal with the lord ruler . . 
 vin shook her head . 
 she did n't want to think poorly of kelsier , but she just did n't see how it was all going to happen . 
 the garrison was n't back yet , but reports said it was close , perhaps only a week or two out . 
 some noble houses were falling , but there did n't seem to be the air of general chaos that kelsier had wanted . 
 the final empire was strained , but she doubted that it would crack . 
 however , maybe that was n't the point . 
 the crew had done an amazing job of instigating a house war ; three entire great houses were no more , and the rest were seriously weakened . 
 it would take decades for the aristocracy to recover from their own squabbling . 
 we 've done an amazing job , vin decided . 
 even if we do n't attack the palace-or if that attack fails-we 'll have accomplished something wonderful . 
 with marsh 's intelligence about the ministry and sazed 's translation of the logbook , the rebellion would have new and useful information for future resistance . 
 it was n't what kelsier had hoped for ; it was n't a complete toppling of the final empire . 
 however , it was a major victory-one that the skaa could look to for years as a source of courage . 
 and , with a start of surprise , vin realized that she felt proud to have been part of it . 
 perhaps , in the future , she could help start a real rebellion-one in a place where the skaa were n't quite so beaten down . 
 if such a place exists ... vin was beginning to understand that it was n't just luthadel and its soothing stations that made skaa subservient . 
 it was everything-the obligators , the constant work in ﬁeld and mill , the mind-set encouraged by a thousand years of oppression . 
 there was a reason why skaa rebellions were always so small . 
 the people knew-or thought they knew-that there was no ﬁghting against the final empire . 
 even vin-who 'd assumed herself a `` liberated '' thief - had believed the same . 
 it had taken kelsier 's insane , over-thetop plan to convince her otherwise . 
 perhaps that was why he 'd set such lofty goals for the crew-he 'd known that only something this challenging would make them realize , in a strange way , that they could resist . 
 spook glanced at her . 
 her presence still made him uncomfortable . 
 `` spook , '' vin said , `` you know that elend broke off his relationship with me . '' 
 spook nodded , perking up slightly . 
 `` but , '' vin said regretfully , `` i still love him . 
 i 'm sorry , spook . 
 but it 's true . '' 
 he looked down , deﬂating . 
 `` it 's not you , '' vin said . 
 `` really , it is n't . 
 it 's just that ... well , you ca n't help who you love . 
 trust me , there are some people i really would rather not have loved . 
 they did n't deserve it . '' 
 spook nodded . 
 `` i understand . '' 
 `` can i still keep the handkerchief ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` thank you , '' she said . 
 `` it does mean a lot to me . '' 
 he looked up , staring out into the mists . 
 `` i 'm notting a fool . 
 i. . 
 knew it wasing not to happen . 
 i see things , vin . 
 i see lots of things . '' 
 she laid a comforting hand on his shoulder . 
 i see things ... an appropriate statement , for a tineye like him . 
 `` you 've been an allomancer for a long time ? '' 
 she asked . 
 spook nodded . 
 `` wasing the snap when i was ﬁve . 
 barely even remember it . '' 
 `` and since then you 've been practicing with tin ? '' 
 `` mostly , '' he said . 
 `` wasing a good thing for me . 
 letting me see , letting me hear , letting me feel . '' 
 `` any tips you can pass on ? '' 
 vin asked hopefully . 
 he paused thoughtfully , sitting by the edge of the slanted rooftop , one foot dangling over the side . 
 `` tin burning ... notting about the seeing . 
 wasing about the not seeing . '' 
 vin frowned . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` when burning , '' he said , `` everything comes . 
 lots of everything . 
 distractions here , there . 
 ifﬁng the power of wants , ignoring the distractions of both . '' 
 if you want to be good at burning tin , she thought , translating as best she could , learn to deal with distraction . 
 it is n't about what you see-it 's about what you can ignore . 
 `` interesting , '' vin said thoughtfully . 
 spook nodded . 
 `` when looking , seeing the mist and seeing the houses and feeling the wood and hearing the rats below . 
 choose one , and do n't get distracted . '' 
 `` good advice , '' vin said . 
 spook nodded as a sound thumped behind them . 
 they both jumped and ducked down , and kelsier chuckled as he walked across the rooftop . 
 `` we really have to ﬁnd a better way of warning people that we 're coming up . 
 every time i visit a spynest , i worry that i 'm going to startle someone off the rooftop . '' 
 vin stood , dusting off her clothing . 
 she wore mistcloak , shirt , and trousers ; it had been days since she 'd worn a dress . 
 she only put in token appearances at mansion renoux . 
 kelsier was too worried about assassins to let her stay there for long . 
 at least we bought kliss 's silence , vin thought , annoyed at the expense . 
 `` it 's time ? '' 
 she asked . 
 kelsier nodded . 
 `` nearly so , at least . 
 i want to stop somewhere on the way . '' 
 vin nodded . 
 for their second meeting , marsh had chosen a location that he was supposedly scouting for the ministry . 
 it was a perfect opportunity to meet , since marsh had an excuse to be in the building all night , ostensibly seeking for any allomantic activity nearby . 
 he would have a soother with him for a good deal of the time , but there would be an opening near the middle of the night when marsh ﬁgured he would have a good hour alone . 
 not much time if he had to sneak out and back , but plenty of time for a pair of stealthy mistborn to pay him a quick visit . 
 they bid farewell to spook and pushed off into the night . 
 however , they did n't travel the rooftops for long before kelsier led them down onto the street , landing and walking to conserve strength and metals . 
 it 's kind of odd , vin thought , remembering her ﬁrst night practicing allomancy with kelsier . 
 i do n't even think of the empty streets as creepy anymore . 
 the cobblestones were slick from mistwater , and the deserted street eventually disappeared into the distant haze . 
 it was dark , silent , and lonely ; even the war had n't changed very much . 
 soldier groups , when they attacked , went in clumps , striking quickly and trying to overrun the defenses of an enemy house . 
 yet , despite the emptiness of the nighttime city , vin felt comfortable in it . 
 the mists were with her . 
 `` vin , '' kelsier said as they walked . 
 `` i want to thank you . '' 
 she turned to him , a tall , proud ﬁgure in a majestic mist-cloak . 
 `` thank me ? 
 why ? '' 
 `` for the things you said about mare . 
 i 've been thinking a lot about that day ... about her . 
 i do n't know if your ability to see through copperclouds explains everything , but ... well , given the choice , i 'd rather believe that mare did n't betray me . '' 
 vin nodded , smiling . 
 he shook his head ruefully . 
 `` it sounds foolish , does n't it ? 
 as if ... all these years , i 've just been waiting for a reason to give in to self-delusion . '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' vin said . 
 `` once , maybe i would have thought you a fool , but ... well , that 's kind of what trust is , is n't it ? 
 a willful self-delusion ? 
 you have to shut out that voice that whispers about betrayal , and just hope that your friends are n't going to hurt you . '' 
 kelsier chuckled . 
 `` i do n't think you 're helping the argument any , vin . '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` makes sense to me . 
 distrust is really the same thing-only on the other side . 
 i can see how a person , given the choice between two assumptions , would choose to trust . '' 
 `` but not you ? '' 
 kelsier asked . 
 vin shrugged again . 
 `` i do n't know anymore . '' 
 kelsier hesitated . 
 `` this ... elend of yours . 
 there 's a chance that he was just trying to scare you into leaving the city , right ? 
 perhaps he said those things for your own good . '' 
 `` maybe , '' vin said . 
 `` but , there was something different about him ... about the way he looked at me . 
 he knew i was lying to him , but i do n't think he realized that i was skaa . 
 he probably thought i was a spy from one of the other houses . 
 either way , he seemed honest in his desire to be rid of me . '' 
 `` maybe you thought that because you were already convinced that he was going to leave you . '' 
 `` i. . . '' 
 vin trailed off , glancing down at the slick , ashen street as they walked . 
 `` i do n't know-and it 's your fault , you know . 
 i used to understand everything . 
 now it 's all confused . '' 
 `` yes , we 've messed you up right properly , '' kelsier said with a smile . 
 `` you do n't seem bothered by the fact . '' 
 `` nope , '' kelsier said . 
 `` not a bit . 
 ah , here we are . '' 
 he stopped beside a large , wide building-probably another skaa tenement . 
 it was dark inside ; skaa could n't afford lamp oil , and they would have put out the building 's central hearth after preparing the evening meal . 
 `` this ? '' 
 vin asked uncertainly . 
 kelsier nodded , walking up to tap lightly on the door . 
 to vin 's surprise , it opened hesitantly , a wiry skaa face peeking out into the mists . 
 `` lord kelsier ! '' 
 the man said quietly . 
 `` i told you i 'd visit , '' kelsier said , smiling . 
 `` tonight seemed like a good time . '' 
 `` come in , come in , '' the man said , pulling the door open . 
 he stepped back , careful not to let any of the mist touch him as kelsier and vin entered . 
 vin had been in skaa tenements before , but never before had they seemed so ... depressing . 
 the smell of smoke and unwashed bodies was almost overpowering , and she had to extinguish her tin to keep from gagging . 
 the wan light of a small coal stove showed a crowd of people packed together , sleeping on the ﬂoor . 
 they kept the room swept of ash , but there was only so much they could do-black stains still covered clothing , walls , and faces . 
 there were few furnishings , not to mention far too few blankets to go around . 
 i used to live like this , vin thought with horror . 
 the crew lairs were just as packed-sometimes more so . 
 this ... was my life . 
 people roused as they saw that they had a visitor . 
 kelsier had his sleeves rolled up , vin noticed , and the scars on his arms were visible even by emberlight . 
 they stood out starkly , running lengthwise up from his wrist past his elbows , crisscrossing and overlapping . 
 the whispers began immediately . 
 `` the survivor ... '' `` he 's here ! '' 
 `` kelsier , the lord of the mists ... '' that 's a new one , vin thought with a raised eyebrow . 
 she stayed back as kelsier smiled , stepping forward to meet the skaa . 
 the people gathered around him with quiet excitement , reaching out to touch his arms and cloak . 
 others just stood and stared , watching him with reverence . 
 `` i come to spread hope , '' kelsier said to them quietly . 
 `` house hasting fell tonight . '' 
 there were murmurs of surprise and awe . 
 `` i know many of you worked in the hasting smithies and steel mills , '' kelsier said . 
 `` and , honestly , i can not say what this means for you . 
 but it is a victory for all of us . 
 for a time , at least , your men wo n't die before the forges or beneath the whips of hasting taskmasters . '' 
 there were murmurs through the small crowd , and one voice ﬁnally spoke the concern loud enough for vin to hear . 
 `` house hasting is gone ? 
 who will feed us ? '' 
 so frightened , vin thought . 
 i was never like that ... wasi ? 
 `` i 'll send you another shipment of food , '' kelsier promised . 
 `` enough to last you for a while , at least . '' 
 `` you 've done so much for us , '' another man said . 
 `` nonsense , '' kelsier said . 
 `` if you wish to repay me , then stand up just a little straighter . 
 be a little less afraid . 
 they can be beaten . '' 
 `` by men like you , lord kelsier , '' a woman whispered . 
 `` but not by us . '' 
 `` you 'd be surprised , '' kelsier said as the crowd began to make way for parents bringing their children forward . 
 it seemed like everyone in the room wanted their sons to meet kelsier personally . 
 vin watched with mixed feelings . 
 the crew still had reservations regarding kelsier 's rising fame with the skaa , though they kept their word and remained silent . 
 he really does seem to care for them , vin thought , watching kelsier pick up a small child . 
 i do n't think it 's just a show . 
 this is how he is-he loves people , loves the skaa . 
 but ... it 's more like the love of a parent for a child than it is like the love of a man for his equals . 
 was that so wrong ? 
 he was , after all , a kind of father to the skaa . 
 he was the noble lord they always should have had . 
 still , vin could n't help feeling uncomfortable as she watched the faintly illuminated , dirty faces of those skaa families , their eyes worshipful and reverent . 
 kelsier eventually bid the group farewell , telling them he had an appointment . 
 vin and he left the cramped room , stepping out into blessedly fresh air . 
 kelsier remained quiet as they traveled toward marsh 's new soothing station , though he did walk with a bit more of a spring in his step . 
 eventually , vin had to say something . 
 `` you visit them often ? '' 
 kelsier nodded . 
 `` at least a couple of houses a night . 
 it breaks up the monotony of my other work . '' 
 killing noblemen and spreading false rumors , vin thought . 
 yes , visiting the skaa would be a nice break . 
 the meeting place was only a few streets away . 
 kelsier paused in a doorway as they approached , squinting in the dark night . 
 finally , he pointed at a window , just faintly lit . 
 `` marsh said he 'd leave a light burning if the other obligators were gone . '' 
 `` window or stairs ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 `` stairs , '' kelsier said . 
 `` the door should be unlocked , and the ministry owns the entire building . 
 it will be empty . '' 
 kelsier was right on both counts . 
 the building did n't smell musty enough to be abandoned , but the bottom few ﬂoors were obviously unused . 
 vin and he quickly climbed up the stairwell . 
 `` marsh should be able to tell us the ministry reaction to the house war , '' kelsier said as they reached the top ﬂoor . 
 lanternlight ﬂickered through the door at the top , and he pushed it open , still speaking . 
 `` hopefully , that garrison wo n't get back too quickly . 
 the damage is mostly done , but i 'd like the war to go on for - '' he froze in the doorway , blocking vin 's view . 
 she ﬂared pewter and tin immediately , falling to a crouch , listening for attackers . 
 there was nothing . 
 just silence . 
 `` no ... '' kelsier whispered . 
 then vin saw the trickle of dark red liquid seeping around the side of kelsier 's foot . 
 it pooled slightly , then began to drip down the ﬁrst step . 
 oh , lord ruler . . 
 kelsier stumbled into the room . 
 vin followed , but she knew what she 'd see . 
 the corpse lay near the center of the chamber , ﬂayed and dismembered , the head completely crushed . 
 it was barely recognizable as human . 
 the walls were sprayed red . 
 could one body really produce this much blood ? 
 it was just like before , in the basement of camon 's lair-only with a single victim . 
 `` inquisitor , '' vin whispered . 
 kelsier , heedless of the gore , stumbled to his knees beside marsh 's corpse . 
 he raised a hand as if to touch the skinless body , but remained frozen there , stunned . 
 `` kelsier , '' vin said urgently . 
 `` this was recent-the inquisitor could still be near . '' 
 he did n't move . 
 `` kelsier ! '' 
 vin snapped . 
 kelsier shook , looking around . 
 his eyes met hers , and lucidity returned . 
 he stumbled to his feet . 
 `` window , '' vin said , rushing across the room . 
 she paused , however , when she saw something sitting on a small desk beside the wall . 
 a wooden table leg , tucked half-hidden beneath a blank sheet of paper . 
 vin snatched it as kelsier reached the window . 
 he turned back , looking over the room one last time , then jumped out into the night . 
 farewell , marsh , vin thought regretfully , following . '' ' 
 i think that the inquisitors suspect me , ' '' dockson read . 
 the paper-a single sheet recovered from inside the table leg-was clean and white , free from the blood that stained kelsier 's knees and the bottom of vin 's cloak . 
 dockson continued , reading as he sat at clubs 's kitchen table . '' 
 ` i 've been asking too many questions , and i know they sent at least one message to the corrupt obligator who supposedly trained me as an acolyte . 
 i thought to seek out the secrets that the rebellion has always needed to know . 
 how does the ministry recruit mistborn to be inquisitors ? 
 why are inquisitors more powerful than regular allomancers ? 
 what , if any , are their weaknesses ? '' 
 ` unfortunately , i 've learned next to nothing about the inquisitors-though the politicking within the regular ministry ranks continues to amaze me . 
 it 's like the regular obligators do n't even care about the world outside , except for the prestige they earn by being the most clever or successful in applying the lord ruler 's dictates . '' 
 ` the inquisitors , however , are different . 
 they are far more loyal to the lord ruler than the regular obligators-and this is , perhaps , part of the dissension between the two groups . '' 
 ` regardless , i feel that i am close . 
 they do have a secret , kelsier . 
 a weakness . 
 i 'm sure of it . 
 the other obligators whisper of it , though none of them know it . '' ' 
 i fear that i 've prodded too much . 
 the inquisitors tail me , watch me , ask after me . 
 so , i prepare this note . 
 perhaps my caution is unnecessary . '' 
 ` perhaps not . ' '' 
 dockson looked up . 
 `` that 's . . 
 all it says . '' 
 kelsier stood at the far side of the kitchen , back to the cupboard , reclining in his usual position . 
 but . . 
 there was no levity in his posture this time . 
 he stood with arms folded , head slightly bowed . 
 his disbelieving grief appeared to have vanished , replaced with another emotion-one vin had sometimes seen smoldering darkly behind his eyes . 
 usually when he spoke of the nobility . 
 she shivered despite herself . 
 standing as he was , she was suddenly aware of his clothing-dark gray mistcloak , long-sleeved black shirt , charcoal trousers . 
 in the night , the clothing was simply camouﬂage . 
 in the lit room , however , the black colors made him look menacing . 
 he stood up straight , and the room grew tense . 
 `` tell renoux to pull out , '' kelsier said softly , his voice like iron . 
 `` he can use the planned exit story-that of a ` retreat ' back to his family lands because of the house war-but i want him gone by tomorrow . 
 send a thug and a tineye with him as protection , but tell him to abandon his canal boats one day out of the city , then return to us . '' 
 dockson paused , then glanced at vin and the others . 
 `` okay ... '' `` marsh knew everything , dox , '' kelsier said . 
 `` they broke him before they killed him-that 's how inquisitors work . '' 
 he let the words hang . 
 vin felt a chill . 
 the lair was compromised . 
 `` to the backup lair , then ? '' 
 dockson asked . 
 `` only you and i knew its location . '' 
 kelsier nodded ﬁrmly . 
 `` i want everyone out of this shop , apprentices included , in ﬁfteen minutes . 
 i 'll meet you at the backup lair in two days . '' 
 dockson looked up at kelsier , frowning . 
 `` two days ? 
 kell , what are you planning ? '' 
 kelsier strode over to the door . 
 he threw it open , letting in the mist , then glanced back at the crew with eyes as hard as any inquisitor 's spikes . 
 `` they hit me where it could n't have hurt worse . 
 i 'm going to do likewise . '' 
 walin pushed himself in the darkness , feeling his way through the cramped caverns , forcing his body through cracks nearly too small . 
 he continued downward , searching with his ﬁngers , ignoring his numerous scrapes and cuts . 
 must keep going , must keep going ... his remaining sanity told him that this was his last day . 
 it had been six days since his last success . 
 if he failed a seventh time , he would die . 
 must keep going . 
 he could n't see ; he was too far beneath the surface to catch even a reﬂected glimpse of sunlight . 
 but , even without light , he could ﬁnd his way . 
 there were only two directions : up and down . 
 movements to the side were unimportant , easily disregarded . 
 he could n't get lost as long as he kept moving down . 
 all the while , he quested with his ﬁngers , seeking the telltale roughness of budding crystal . 
 he could n't return this time , not until he 'd been successful , not until ... must keep going . 
 his hands brushed something soft and cold as he moved . 
 a corpse , stuck rotting between two rocks . 
 walin moved on . 
 bodies were n't uncommon in the tight caverns ; some of the corpses were fresh , most were simply bones . 
 often , walin wondered if the dead ones were n't really the lucky ones . 
 must keep going . 
 there was n't really `` time '' in the caverns . 
 usually , he returned above to sleep-though the surface held taskmasters with whips , they also had food . 
 it was meager , barely enough to keep him alive , but it was better than the starvation that would come from staying below too long . 
 must keep - he froze . 
 he lay with his torso pinched in a tight rift in the rock , and had been in the process of wiggling his way through . 
 however , his ﬁngers-always searching , even when he was barely conscious-had been feeling the walls . 
 and they 'd found something . 
 his hand quivered with anticipation as he felt the crystal buds . 
 yes , yes , that was them . 
 they grew in a wide , circular pattern on the wall ; they were small at the edges , but got gradually bigger near the center . 
 at the direct middle of the circular pattern , the crystals curved inward , following a pocketlike hollow in the wall . 
 here , the crystals grew long , each one having a jagged , sharp edge . 
 like teeth lining the maw of a stone beast . 
 taking a breath , praying to the lord ruler , walin rammed his hand into the ﬁst-sized , circular opening . 
 the crystals ripped his arm , tearing long , shallow gashes in his skin . 
 he ignored the pain , forcing his arm in further , up to his elbow , searching with his ﬁngers for ... there ! 
 his ﬁngers found a small rock at the center of the pocket-a rock formed by the mysterious drippings of the crystals . 
 a hathsin geode . 
 he grasped it eagerly , pulling it out , ripping his arm again as he withdrew it from the crystal-lined hole . 
 he cradled the small rock sphere , breathing heavily with joy . 
 another seven days . 
 he would live another seven days . 
 before hunger and fatigue could weaken him further , walin began the laborious climb back upward . 
 he squeezed through crevasses , climbed up juttings in walls . 
 sometimes he had to move to the right or left until the ceiling opened up , but it always did . 
 there were really only two directions : up and down . 
 he kept a wary ear out for others . 
 he had seen climbers killed before , slain by younger , stronger men who hoped to steal a geode . 
 fortunately , he met nobody . 
 it was good . 
 he was an older man-old enough to know that he never should have tried to steal food from his plantation lord . 
 perhaps he had earned his punishment . 
 perhaps he deserved to die in the pits of hathsin . 
 but i wo n't die today , he thought , ﬁnally smelling sweet , fresh air . 
 it was night above . 
 he did n't care . 
 the mists did n't bother him anymore-even beatings did n't bother him much anymore . 
 he was just too tired to care . 
 walin began to climb out of the crack-one of dozens in the small , ﬂat valley known as the pits of hathsin . 
 then he froze . 
 a man stood above him in the night . 
 he was dressed in a large cloak that appeared to have been shredded to strips . 
 the man looked at walin , quiet and powerful in his black clothing . 
 then he reached down . 
 walin cringed . 
 the man , however , grabbed walin 's hand and pulled him out of the crack . 
 `` go ! '' 
 the man said quietly in the swirling mists . 
 `` most of the guards are dead . 
 gather as many prisoners as you can , and escape this place . 
 you have a geode ? '' 
 walin cringed again , pulling his hand toward his chest . 
 `` good , '' the stranger said . 
 `` break it open . 
 you 'll ﬁnd a nugget of metal inside-it is very valuable . 
 sell it to the underground in whatever city you eventually ﬁnd yourself ; you should earn enough to live on for years . 
 go quickly ! 
 i do n't know how long you have until an alarm is raised . '' 
 walin stumbled back , confused . 
 `` who ... who are you ? '' 
 `` i am what you will soon be , '' the stranger said , stepping up to the rift . 
 the ribbons of his enveloping black cloak billowed around him , mixing with the mists as he turned toward walin . 
 `` i am a survivor . '' 
 kelsier looked down , studying the dark scar in the rock , listening as the prisoner scrambled away in the distance . 
 `` and so i return , '' kelsier whispered . 
 his scars burned , and memories returned . 
 memories of months spent squeezing through cracks , of ripping his arms on crystalline knives , of seeking each day to ﬁnd a geode ... just one , so that he could live on . 
 could he really go back down into those cramped , quiet depths ? 
 could he enter the darkness again ? 
 kelsier held up his arms , looking at the scars , still white and stark on his arms . 
 yes . 
 for her dreams , he could . 
 he stepped over to the rift and forced himself to climb down inside of it . 
 then he burned tin . 
 immediately , he heard a cracking sound from below . 
 tin illuminated the rift beneath him . 
 though the crack widened , it also branched , sending out twisting rifts in all directions . 
 part cavern , part crack , part tunnel . 
 he could already see his ﬁrst crystalline atium-hole-or what was left of it . 
 the long , silvery crystals were fractured and broken . 
 using allomancy near atium crystals caused them to shatter . 
 that was why the lord ruler had to use slaves , and not allomancers , to collect his atium for him . 
 now the real test , kelsier thought , squeezing down further into the crack . 
 he burned iron , and immediately he saw several blue lines pointing downward , toward atium-holes . 
 though the holes themselves probably did n't have an atium geode in them , the crystals themselves gave off faint blue lines . 
 they contained residual amounts of atium . 
 kelsier focused on one of the blue lines and pulled lightly . 
 his tin enhanced ears heard something shatter in the crack beneath him . 
 kelsier smiled . 
 nearly three years before , standing over the bloody corpses of the taskmasters who had beaten mare to death , he had ﬁrst noticed that he could use iron to sense where crystal pockets were . 
 he 'd barely understood his allomantic powers at the time , but even then , a plan had begun to form in his mind . 
 a plan for vengeance . 
 that plan had evolved , growing to encompass so much more than he 'd originally intended . 
 however , one of its key parts had remained sequestered away in a corner of his mind . 
 he could ﬁnd the crystal pockets . 
 he could shatter them , using allomancy . 
 and they were the only means of producing atium in the entire final empire . 
 you tried to destroy me , pits of hathsin , he thought , climbing down further into the rift . 
 it 's time to return the favor . 
 we are close now . 
 oddly , this high in the mountains , we seem to ﬁnally be free from the oppressive touch of the deepness . 
 it has been quite a while since i knew what that was like . 
 the lake that fedik discovered is below us now-i can see it from the ledge . 
 it looks even more eerie from up here , with its glassy-almost metallic-sheen . 
 i almost wish i had let him take a sample of its waters . 
 perhaps his interest was what angered the mist creature that follows us . 
 perhaps ... that was why it decided to attack him , stabbing him with its invisible knife . 
 strangely , the attack comforted me . 
 at least i know that since another has seen it . 
 that means i 'm not mad . 
 33 `` so ... that 's it ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 `` for the plan , i mean . '' 
 ham shrugged . 
 `` if the inquisitors broke marsh , that means they know everything . 
 or , at least , they know enough . 
 they 'll know that we plan to strike the palace , and that we 're going to use the house war as a cover . 
 we 'll never get the lord ruler out of the city now , and we 'll certainly never get him to send the palace guard into the city . 
 it does n't look good , vin . '' 
 vin sat quietly , digesting the information . 
 ham sat cross-legged on the dirty ﬂoor , leaning against the bricks of the far wall . 
 the backup lair was a dank cellar with only three rooms , and the air smelled of dirt and ash . 
 clubs 's apprentices took up one room to themselves , though dockson had sent away all of the other servants before coming to the safe house . 
 breeze stood by the far wall . 
 he occasionally shot uncomfortable looks at the dirty ﬂoor and dusty stools , but then decided to remain standing . 
 vin did n't see why he bothered-it was going to be impossible to keep his suits clean while living in what was , essentially , a pit in the ground . 
 breeze was n't the only one taking their self-imposed captivity resentfully ; vin had heard several of the apprentices grumble that they 'd almost rather have been taken by the ministry . 
 yet , during their two days in the cellar , everyone had stayed in the safe house except when absolutely necessary . 
 they understood the danger : marsh could have given the inquisitors descriptions and aliases for each crewmember . 
 breeze shook his head . 
 `` perhaps , gentlemen , it is time to pack up this operation . 
 we tried hard , and considering the fact that our original plan-gathering the army-ended up so dreadfully , i 'd say that we 've done quite a marvelous job . '' 
 dockson sighed . 
 `` well , we certainly ca n't live off of saved funds for much longer-especially if kell keeps giving our money away to the skaa . '' 
 he sat beside the table that was the room 's only piece of furniture , his most important ledgers , notes , and contracts organized into neat piles before him . 
 he had been remarkably efﬁcient at gathering every bit of paper that could have incriminated the crew or given further information about their plan . 
 breeze nodded . 
 `` i , for one , am looking forward to a change . 
 this has all been fun , delightful , and all of those other fulﬁlling emotions , but working with kelsier can be a bit draining . '' 
 vin frowned . 
 `` you 're not going to stay on his crew ? '' 
 `` it depends on his next job , '' breeze said . 
 `` we are n't like other crews you 've known-we work as we please , not because we are told to . 
 it pays for us to be very discerning in the jobs we take . 
 the rewards are great , but so are the risks . '' 
 ham smiled , resting with his arms behind his head , completely unconcerned about the dirt . 
 `` it kind of makes you wonder how we ended up on this particular job , eh ? 
 very high risk , very little reward . '' 
 `` none , actually , '' breeze noted . 
 `` we 'll never get that atium now . 
 kelsier 's words about altruism and working to help the skaa were all well and good , but i was always hoping that we 'd still get to take a swipe at that treasury . '' 
 `` true , '' dockson said , looking up from his notes . 
 `` but , was it worth it anyway ? 
 the work we did-the things we accomplished ? '' 
 breeze and ham paused , then they both nodded . 
 `` and that 's why we stayed , '' dockson said . 
 `` kell said it himself-he picked us because he knew we would try something a little different to accomplish a worthwhile goal . 
 you 're good men-even you , breeze . 
 stop scowling at me . '' 
 vin smiled at the familiar banter . 
 there was a sense of mourning regarding marsh , but these were men who knew how to move on despite their losses . 
 in that way , they really were like skaa , after all . 
 `` a house war , '' ham said idly , smiling to himself . 
 `` how many noblemen dead , do you think ? '' 
 `` hundreds , at least , '' dockson said without looking up . 
 `` all killed by their own greedy noble hands . '' 
 `` i 'll admit that i had my doubts about this entire ﬁasco , '' breeze said . 
 `` but the interruption in trade this will cause , not to mention the disorder in the government ... well , you 're right , dockson . 
 it was worth it . '' 
 `` indeed ! '' 
 ham said , mimicking breeze 's stuffy voice . 
 i 'm going to miss them , vin thought regretfully . 
 maybe kelsier will take me with him on his next job . 
 the stairs rattled , and vin moved reﬂexively back into the shadows . 
 the splintery door opened , and a familiar , black-clothed form strode in . 
 he carried his mistcloak over his arm , and his face looked incredibly wearied . 
 `` kelsier ! '' 
 vin said , stepping forward . 
 `` hello , all , '' he said in a tired voice . 
 i know that tiredness , vin thought . 
 pewter drag . 
 where has he been ? 
 `` you 're late , kell , '' dockson said , still not looking up from his ledgers . 
 `` i strive for nothing if not consistency , '' kelsier said , dropping his mistcloak on the ﬂoor , stretching , then sitting down . 
 `` where are clubs and spook ? '' 
 `` clubs is sleeping in the back room , '' dockson said . 
 `` spook went with renoux . 
 we ﬁgured you 'd want him to have our best tineye to keep a watch . '' 
 `` good idea , '' kelsier said , letting out a deep sigh and closing his eyes as he leaned against the wall . 
 `` my dear man , '' breeze said , `` you look terrible . '' 
 `` it 's not as bad as it looks-i took it easy coming back , even stopped to sleep for a few hours on the way . '' 
 `` yes , but where were you ? '' 
 ham asked pointedly . 
 `` we 've been worried sick that you were out doing something ... well , stupid . '' 
 `` actually , '' breeze noted , `` we took it for granted that you were doing something stupid . 
 we 've just been wondering how stupid this particular event would turn out to be . 
 so , what is it ? 
 did you assassinate the lord prelan ? 
 slaughter dozens of noblemen ? 
 steal the cloak off the lord ruler 's own back ? '' 
 `` i destroyed the pits of hathsin , '' kelsier said quietly . 
 the room fell into a stunned silence . 
 `` you know , '' breeze ﬁnally said , `` you 'd think that by now we 'd have learned not to underestimate him . '' 
 `` destroyed them ? '' 
 ham asked . 
 `` how do you destroy the pits of hathsin ? 
 they 're just a bunch of cracks in the ground ! '' 
 `` well , i did n't actually destroy the pits themselves , '' kelsier explained . 
 `` i just shattered the crystals that produce atium geodes . '' 
 `` all of them ? '' 
 dockson asked , dumbstruck . 
 `` all of them that i could ﬁnd , '' kelsier said . 
 `` and that was several hundred pockets ' worth . 
 it was actually a lot easier to get around down there , now that i have allomancy . '' 
 `` crystals ? '' 
 vin asked , confused . 
 `` atium crystals , vin , '' dockson said . 
 `` they produce the geodes-i do n't think anyone actually knows how-that have atium beads at the center . '' 
 kelsier nodded . 
 `` the crystals are why the lord ruler ca n't just send down allomancers to pull out the atium geodes . 
 using allomancy near the crystals makes them shatter-and it takes centuries for them to grow back . '' 
 `` centuries during which they wo n't produce atium , '' dockson added . 
 `` and so you ... '' vin trailed off . 
 `` i pretty much ended atium production in the final empire for the next three hundred years or so . '' 
 elend . 
 house venture . 
 they 're in charge of the pits . 
 how will the lord ruler react when he ﬁnds out about this ? 
 `` you madman , '' breeze said quietly , eyes open wide . 
 `` atium is the foundation of the imperial economy - controlling it is one of the main ways that the lord ruler maintains his hold over the nobility . 
 we may not get to his reserves , but this will eventually have the same effect . 
 you blessed lunatic ... you blessed genius ! '' 
 kelsier smiled wryly . 
 `` i appreciate both compliments . 
 have the inquisitors moved against clubs 's shop yet ? '' 
 `` not that our watchmen have seen , '' dockson said . 
 `` good , '' kelsier said . 
 `` maybe they did n't get marsh to break . 
 at the very least , maybe they do n't realize that their soothing stations were compromised . 
 now , if you do n't mind , i 'm going to sleep . 
 we have a lot of planning to do tomorrow . '' 
 the group paused . 
 `` planning ? '' 
 dox ﬁnally asked . 
 `` kell ... we were kind of thinking that we should pull out . 
 we caused a house war , and you just took out the imperial economy . 
 with our cover-and our plan-compromised ... well , you ca n't honestly expect us to do anything more , right ? '' 
 kelsier smiled , staggering to his feet and moving into the back room . 
 `` we 'll talk tomorrow . '' 
 `` what do you think he 's planning , sazed ? '' 
 vin asked , sitting on a stool beside the cellar 's hearth as the terrisman prepared the afternoon meal . 
 kelsier had slept through the night , and had yet to rise this afternoon . 
 `` i really have no idea , mistress , '' sazed replied , sipping the stew . 
 `` though , this moment-with the city so unbalanced - does seem like the perfect opportunity to move against the final empire . '' 
 vin sat thoughtfully . 
 `` i suppose we could still seize the palace-that 's what kell always wanted to do . 
 but , if the lord ruler has been warned , the others do n't see that happening . 
 plus , it does n't seem like we have enough soldiers to do much in the city . 
 ham and breeze never ﬁnished their recruiting . '' 
 sazed shrugged . 
 `` maybe kelsier plans to do something about the lord ruler , '' vin mused . 
 `` perhaps . '' 
 `` sazed ? '' 
 vin said slowly . 
 `` you collect legends , right ? '' 
 `` as a keeper i collect many things , '' sazed said . 
 `` stories , legends , religions . 
 when i was young , another keeper recited all of his knowledge to me so that i could store it , and then add to it . '' 
 `` have you ever heard about this ` eleventh metal ' legend that kelsier talks about ? '' 
 sazed paused . 
 `` no , mistress . 
 that legend was new to me when i heard of it from master kelsier . '' 
 `` but he swears that it 's true , '' vin said . 
 `` and i. . 
 believe him , for some reason . '' 
 `` it is very possible that there are legends i have n't heard of , '' sazed said . 
 `` if the keepers knew everything , then why would we need to keep searching ? '' 
 vin nodded , still a bit uncertain . 
 sazed continued to stir the soup . 
 he seemed so ... dignified , even while performing such a menial task . 
 he stood in his steward 's robes , unconcerned with how simple a service he was performing , easily taking over for the servants the crew had dismissed . 
 quick footsteps sounded on the stairs , and vin perked up , sliding off her stool . 
 `` mistress ? '' 
 sazed asked . 
 `` someone on the stairs , '' vin said , moving to the doorway . 
 one of the apprentices-vin thought his name was tase - burst into the main room . 
 now that lestibournes was gone , tase had become the crew 's main lookout . 
 `` people are gathering in the square , '' tase said , gesturing toward the stairs . 
 `` what 's this ? '' 
 dockson said , entering from the other room . 
 `` people in the fountain square , master dockson , '' the boy said . 
 `` word on the street is that the obligators are planning more executions . '' 
 retribution for the pits , vin thought . 
 that did n't take long . 
 dockson 's expression darkened . 
 `` go wake kell . '' 
 `` i intend to watch them , '' kelsier said , walking through the room , dressed in simple skaa clothing and cloak . 
 vin 's stomach twisted . 
 again ? 
 `` you all may do as you wish , '' kelsier said . 
 he looked much better after his extended rest-his exhaustion was gone , replaced with the characteristic strength vin had come to expect from him . 
 `` the executions are probably a reaction to what i did at the pits , '' kelsier continued . 
 `` i 'm going to watch those people 's deaths-because indirectly , i caused them . '' 
 `` it 's not your fault , kell , '' dockson said . 
 `` it 's all of our faults , '' kelsier said bluntly . 
 `` that does n't make what we do wrong-however , if it were n't for us , these people would n't have to die . 
 i , for one , think that the least we can do for these people is bear witness to their passing . '' 
 he pulled open the door , climbing the steps . 
 slowly , the rest of the crew followed him-though clubs , sazed , and the apprentices remained with the safe house . 
 vin climbed the musty-aired steps , eventually joining the others on a grimy street in the middle of a skaa slum . 
 ash fell from the sky , ﬂoating in lazily ﬂakes . 
 kelsier was already walking down the street , and the rest of them - breeze , ham , dockson , and vin-quickly moved to catch up with him . 
 the safe house was n't far from the fountain square . 
 kelsier , however , paused a few streets away from their destination . 
 dull-eyed skaa continued walking around them , jostling the crew . 
 bells rang in the distance . 
 `` kell ? '' 
 dockson asked . 
 kelsier cocked his head . 
 `` vin , you hear that ? '' 
 she closed her eyes , then ﬂared her tin . 
 focus , she thought . 
 like spook said . 
 cut through the shufﬂing feet and murmuring voices . 
 hear over the doors shutting and the people breathing . 
 listen ... `` horses , '' she said , dampening her tin and opening her eyes . 
 `` and carriages . '' 
 `` carts , '' kelsier said , turning toward the side of the street . 
 `` the prisoner carts . 
 they 're coming this way . '' 
 he looked up at the buildings around him , then grabbed hold of a raingutter and began to shimmy up a wall . 
 breeze rolled his eyes , nudging dockson and nodding toward the front of the building , but vin and ham-with pewter-easily followed kelsier up to the roof . 
 `` there , '' kell said , pointing at a street a short ways away . 
 vin could just barely make out a row of barred prison carts rolling toward the square . 
 dockson and breeze entered the slanted rooftop through a window . 
 kelsier remained where he was , standing by the roof 's lip , staring out at the prison carts . 
 `` kell , '' ham said warily . 
 `` what are you thinking ? '' 
 `` we 're still a short distance from the square , '' he said slowly . 
 `` and the inquisitors are n't riding with the prisoners - they 'll come down from the palace , like last time . 
 there ca n't be more than a hundred soldiers guarding those people . '' 
 `` a hundred men are plenty , kell , '' ham said . 
 kelsier did n't seem to hear the words . 
 he took another step forward , approaching up onto the roof 's edge . 
 `` i can stop this ... i can save them . '' 
 vin stepped up beside him . 
 `` kell , there might not be many guards with the prisoners , but the fountain square is only a few blocks away . 
 it 's packed with soldiers , not to mention the inquisitors ! '' 
 ham , unexpectedly , did n't back her up . 
 he turned , glancing at dockson and breeze . 
 dox paused , then shrugged . 
 `` are you all crazy ? '' 
 vin demanded . 
 `` wait a moment , '' breeze said , squinting . 
 `` i 'm no tineye , but do n't some of those prisoners look a bit too well dressed ? '' 
 kelsier froze , then he cursed . 
 without warning , he jumped off the rooftop , dropping to the street below . 
 `` kell ! '' 
 vin said . 
 `` what - '' then she paused , looking up in the red sunlight , watching the slowly approaching procession of carts . 
 through tin-enhanced eyes , she thought that she recognized someone sitting near the front of one of the carts . 
 spook . 
 `` kelsier , what 's going on ! '' 
 vin demanded , dashing down the street behind him . 
 he slowed just a bit . 
 `` i saw renoux and spook in that ﬁrst cart . 
 the ministry must have hit renoux 's canal procession - the people in those cages are the servants , staff , and guards we hired to work at the mansion . '' 
 the canal procession ... vin thought . 
 the ministry must know that renoux was a fake . 
 marsh broke after all . 
 behind them , ham appeared out of the building and onto the street . 
 breeze and dockson were slower in coming . 
 `` we have to work quickly ! '' 
 kelsier said , picking up his pace again . 
 `` kell ! '' 
 vin said , grabbing his arm . 
 `` kelsier , you ca n't save them . 
 they 're too well guarded , and it 's daylight in the middle of the city . 
 you 'll just get yourself killed ! '' 
 he paused , halting in the street , turning in vin 's grasp . 
 he looked into her eyes , disappointed . 
 `` you do n't understand what this is all about , do you , vin ? 
 you never did . 
 i let you stop me once before , on the hillside by the battleﬁeld . 
 not this time . 
 this time i can do something . '' 
 `` but ... '' he shook his arm free . 
 `` you still have some things to learn about friendship , vin . 
 i hope someday you realize what they are . '' 
 then he took off , charging in the direction of the carts . 
 ham barreled past vin , heading in a different direction , pushing his way through skaa on their way to the square . 
 vin stood stupidly for a few moments , standing in the falling ash as dockson caught up to her . 
 `` it 's insanity , '' she mumbled . 
 `` we ca n't do this , dox . 
 we 're not invincible . '' 
 dockson snorted . 
 `` we 're not helpless either . '' 
 breeze puffed up behind them , pointing toward a side street . 
 `` there . 
 we need to get me to a place where i can see the soldiers . '' 
 vin let them tow her along , suddenly feeling shame mix with her worry . 
 kelsier . . 
 kelsier tossed away a pair of empty vials , their contents ingested . 
 the vials sparkled in the air beside him , falling to shatter against the cobblestones . 
 he ducked through one ﬁnal alleyway , bursting out onto an eerily empty thoroughfare . 
 the prisoner carts rolled toward him , entering a small courtyard square formed by the intersection of two streets . 
 each rectangular vehicle was lined with bars ; each one was packed with people who were now distinctly familiar . 
 servants , soldiers , housekeepers-some were rebels , many were just regular people . 
 none of them deserved death . 
 too many skaa have died already , he thought , ﬂaring his metals . 
 hundreds . 
 thousands . 
 hundreds of thousands . 
 not today . 
 no more . 
 he dropped a coin and jumped , pushing himself through the air in a wide arc . 
 soldiers looked up , pointing . 
 kelsier landed directly in their center . 
 there was a quiet moment as the soldiers turned in surprise . 
 kelsier crouched amid them , bits of ash falling from the sky . 
 then he pushed . 
 he ﬂared steel with a yell , standing and pushing outward . 
 the burst of allomantic power hurled soldiers away by their breastplates , tossing a dozen men into the air , sending them crashing into companions and walls . 
 men screamed . 
 kelsier spun , pushing against a group of soldiers and sending himself ﬂying toward a prison cart . 
 he smashed into it , ﬂaring his steel and grabbing the metal door with his hands . 
 prisoners huddled back in surprise . 
 kelsier ripped the door free with a burst of pewter-enhanced power , then tossed it toward a group of approaching soldiers . 
 `` go ! '' 
 he told the prisoners , jumping down and landing lightly in the street . 
 he spun . 
 and came face-to-face with a tall ﬁgure wearing a brown robe . 
 kelsier paused , stepping back as the tall form reached up , lowering his hood , revealing a pair of eyes impaled by spikes . 
 the inquisitor smiled , and kelsier heard footsteps approaching down side alleyways . 
 dozens . 
 hundreds . 
 `` damnation ! '' 
 breeze swore as soldiers ﬂooded the square . 
 dockson pulled breeze into an alley . 
 vin followed them in , crouching in the shadows , listening to soldiers yelling in the crossroads outside . 
 `` what ? '' 
 she demanded . 
 `` inquisitor ! '' 
 breeze said , pointing toward a robed ﬁgure standing before kelsier . 
 `` what ? '' 
 dockson said , standing . 
 it 's a trap , vin realized with horror . 
 soldiers began to pile into the square , appearing from hidden side streets . 
 kelsier , get out of there ! 
 kelsier pushed off a fallen guard , throwing himself backward in a ﬂip over one of the prison carts . 
 he landed in a crouch , eyeing the new squads of soldiers . 
 many of them carried staves and wore no armor . 
 hazekillers . 
 the inquisitor pushed himself through the ash-ﬁlled air , landing with a thump in front of kelsier . 
 the creature smiled . 
 it 's the same man . 
 the inquisitor from before . 
 `` where 's the girl ? '' 
 the creature said quietly . 
 kelsier ignored the question . 
 `` why only one of you ? '' 
 he demanded . 
 the creature 's smile deepened . 
 `` i won the draw . '' 
 kelsier ﬂared pewter , dashing to the side as the inquisitor pulled out a pair of obsidian axes . 
 the square was quickly becoming clogged with soldiers . 
 from inside the carts he could hear people crying out . 
 `` kelsier ! 
 lord kelsier ! 
 please ! '' 
 kelsier cursed quietly as the inquisitor bore down on him . 
 he reached out , pulling against one of the still full carts and yanking himself into the air over a group of soldiers . 
 he landed , then dashed to the cart , intending to free its occupants . 
 as he arrived , however , the cart shook . 
 kelsier glanced up just in time to see a steel-eyed monster grinning down at him from atop the vehicle . 
 kelsier pushed himself backward , feeling the wind of an axehead swing beside his head . 
 he landed smoothly , but immediately had to jump to the side as a group of soldiers attacked . 
 as he landed , he reached out-pulling against one of the carts to anchor himself-and pulled against the fallen iron door he had thrown before . 
 the barred door lurched into the air and crashed through the squad of soldiers . 
 the inquisitor attacked from behind , but kelsier jumped away . 
 the still tumbling door careened across the cobblestones in front of him , and as he passed over it , kelsier pushed , sending himself streaking into the air . 
 vin was right , kelsier thought with frustration . 
 below , the inquisitor watched him , trailing him with unnatural eyes . 
 i should n't have done this . 
 below , a group of soldiers rounded up the skaa that he had freed . 
 i should run-try to lose the inquisitor . 
 i 've done it before . 
 but . . 
 he could n't . 
 he would n't , not this time . 
 he had compromised too many times before . 
 even if it cost him everything else , he had to free those prisoners . 
 and then , as he began to fall , he saw a group of men charging the crossroads . 
 they bore weapons , but no uniforms . 
 at their head ran a familiar form . 
 ham ! 
 so that 's where you went . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 vin asked anxiously , craning to see into the square . 
 above , kelsier 's form plunged back toward the ﬁght , dark cloak trailing behind him . 
 `` it 's one of our soldier units ! '' 
 dockson said . 
 `` ham must have fetched them . '' 
 `` how many ? '' 
 `` we kept them in patches of a couple hundred . '' 
 `` so they 'll be outnumbered . '' 
 dockson nodded . 
 vin stood . 
 `` i 'm going out . '' 
 `` no , you 're not , '' dockson said ﬁrmly , grabbing her cloak and pulling her back . 
 `` i do n't want a repeat of what happened to you last time you faced one of those monsters . '' 
 `` but ... '' `` kell will be just ﬁne , '' dockson said . 
 `` he 'll just try to stall long enough for ham to free the prisoners , then he 'll run . 
 watch . '' 
 vin stepped back . 
 to her side , breeze was mumbling to himself . 
 `` yes , you 're afraid . 
 let 's focus on that . 
 soothe everything else away . 
 leave you terriﬁed . 
 that 's an inquisitor and a mistborn ﬁghting-you do n't want to interfere with that ... '' vin glanced back toward the square , where she saw a soldier drop his staff and ﬂee . 
 there are other ways to ﬁght , she realized , kneeling beside breeze . 
 `` how can i help ? '' 
 kelsier ducked back from the inquisitor again as ham 's unit crashed into the imperial soldiers and began cutting its way toward the prisoner carts . 
 the attack diverted the attention of the regular soldiers , who appeared all too happy to leave kelsier and the inquisitor to their solitary battle . 
 to the side , kelsier could see skaa beginning to clog the streets around the small courtyard , the ﬁghting drawing the attention of those waiting up above at the fountain square . 
 kelsier could see other squads of imperial soldiers trying to push their way toward the ﬁght , but the thousands of skaa crowding the streets seriously slowed their progress . 
 the inquisitor swung , and kelsier dodged . 
 the creature was obviously growing frustrated . 
 to the side , a small group of ham 's men reached one of the prisoner carts and broke open its lock , freeing the prisoners . 
 the rest of ham 's men kept the imperial soldiers busy as the prisoners ﬂed . 
 kelsier smiled , eyeing the annoyed inquisitor . 
 the creature growled quietly . 
 `` valette ! '' 
 a voice screamed . 
 kelsier turned in shock . 
 a well-dressed nobleman was pushing his way through the soldiers toward the center of the ﬁghting . 
 he carried a dueling cane and was protected by two beleaguered bodyguards , but he mostly avoided harm by virtue of neither side being certain of wanting to strike down a man of obvious noble blood . 
 `` valette ! '' 
 elend venture yelled again . 
 he turned to one of the soldiers . 
 `` who told you to raid house renoux 's convoy ! 
 who authorized this ! '' 
 great , kelsier thought , keeping a wary eye on the inquisitor . 
 the creature regarded kelsier with a twisted , hateful expression . 
 you just go right on hating me , kelsier thought . 
 i only have to hang on long enough for ham to free the prisoners . 
 then , i can lead you away . 
 the inquisitor reached out and casually beheaded a ﬂeeing servant as she ran by . 
 `` no ! '' 
 kelsier yelled as the corpse fell at the inquisitor 's feet . 
 the creature grabbed another victim and raised its axe . 
 `` all right ! '' 
 kelsier said , striding forward , pulling a pair of vials from his sash . 
 `` all right . 
 you want to ﬁght me ? 
 come on ! '' 
 the creature smiled , pushing the captured woman aside and striding toward kelsier . 
 kelsier ﬂicked the corks off and downed both vials at once , then tossed them aside . 
 metals ﬂared in his chest , burning alongside his rage . 
 his brother , dead . 
 his wife , dead . 
 family , friends , and heroes . 
 all dead . 
 you push me to seek revenge ? 
 he thought . 
 well , you shall have it ! 
 kelsier paused a few feet in front of the inquisitor . 
 fists clinched , he ﬂared his steel in a massive push . 
 around him , people were thrown back by their metal as they were hit by the awesome , invisible wave of power . 
 the square-packed with imperial soldiers , prisoners , and rebels-opened up in a small pocket around kelsier and the inquisitor . 
 `` let 's do it , then , '' kelsier said . 
 i never wanted to be feared . 
 if i regret one thing , it is the fear i have caused . 
 fear is the tool of tyrants . 
 unfortunately , when the fate of the world is in question , you use whatever tools are available . 
 34 dead and dying men collapsed to the cobblestones . 
 skaa crowded the roads . 
 prisoners cried out , calling his name . 
 heat from a smoky sun burned the streets . 
 and ash fell from the sky . 
 kelsier dashed forward , ﬂaring pewter and whipping out his daggers . 
 he burned atium , as did the inquisitor-and they both probably had enough to last for an extended ﬁght . 
 kelsier slashed twice in the hot air , striking at the inquisitor , his arms a blur . 
 the creature dodged amid an insane vortex of atium-shadows , then swung an axe . 
 kelsier jumped , pewter lending his leap inhuman height , and passed just over the swinging weapon . 
 he reached out and pushed against a group of ﬁghting soldiers behind him , throwing himself forward . 
 he planted both feet in the inquisitor 's face and kicked off , ﬂipping backward in the air . 
 the inquisitor stumbled . 
 as kelsier fell , he pulled on a soldier , yanking himself backward . 
 the soldier was pulled off his feet by the force of the ironpull , and he began to streak toward kelsier . 
 both men ﬂew in the air . 
 kelsier ﬂared iron , pulling against a patch of soldiers to his right while still pulling against the single soldier . 
 the result was a pivot . 
 kelsier ﬂew to the side , and the soldier - held as if by tether to kelsier 's body-swung in a wide arc like a ball on a chain . 
 the unfortunate soldier crashed into the stumbling inquisitor , smashing them both into the bars of an empty prison cart . 
 the soldier toppled , unconscious , to the ground . 
 the inquisitor bounced off the iron cage , falling to its hands and knees . 
 a line of blood ran down the creature 's face , across its eye tattoos , but it looked up , smiling . 
 it did n't seem the least bit dizzy as it stood . 
 kelsier landed , cursing quietly to himself . 
 with an incredible burst of speed , the inquisitor grabbed the empty , boxlike prison cell by a pair of bars , then ripped the entire thing free of the cartwheels . 
 bloody hell ! 
 the creature spun and hurled the massive iron cage at kelsier , who stood only a few feet away . 
 there was no time to dodge . 
 a building stood right behind him ; if he pushed himself back , he 'd be crushed . 
 the cage crashed toward him , and he jumped , using a steelpush to guide his body through the open doorway of the spinning cage . 
 he twisted within the cell , pushing outward in all directions , holding himself in the metal cage 's exact center as it smashed into the wall , then bounced free . 
 the cage rolled , then began to skid across the ground . 
 kelsier let himself drop , landing on the underside of the roof as the cage slowly slid to a halt . 
 through the bars , he could see the inquisitor watching him amid a sea of ﬁghting soldiers , its body surrounded by a twisting , dashing , moving cloud of atium-images . 
 the inquisitor nodded its head to kelsier in a slight sign of respect . 
 kelsier pushed out with a yell , ﬂaring pewter to keep from crushing himself . 
 the cage exploded , the metal top ﬂipping into the air , the bars ripping free and bursting outward . 
 kelsier pulled the bars behind him and pushed the ones in front of him , sending a stream of metal shooting toward the inquisitor . 
 the creature raised a hand , expertly dividing the large missiles . 
 kelsier , however , followed the bars with his own body-shooting himself toward the inquisitor with a steel-push . 
 the inquisitor pulled himself to the side , using an unfortunate soldier as an anchor . 
 the man cried out as he was wrenched away from his duel-but he choked off as the inquisitor jumped , pushing against the soldier and crushing the man to the ground . 
 the inquisitor shot into the air . 
 kelsier slowed himself with a push against a group of soldiers , tracking the inquisitor . 
 behind him , the top of the cage crashed back to the ground , throwing up chips of stone . 
 kelsier blasted against it and hurled himself upward , after the inquisitor . 
 flakes of ash streaked past him . 
 ahead , the inquisitor turned , pulling against something below . 
 the creature switched directions immediately , instead hurling toward kelsier . 
 head-on collision . 
 bad idea for the guy without spikes in his head . 
 kelsier frantically pulled against a soldier , lurching downward as the inquisitor passed diagonally overhead . 
 kelsier ﬂared pewter , then crashed into the soldier he had pulled up toward him . 
 the two of them spun in midair . 
 fortunately , the soldier was n't one of ham 's . 
 `` sorry , friend , '' kelsier said conversationally , pushing himself to the side . 
 the soldier shot away , eventually smashing into the side of a building as kelsier used him to soar over the battleﬁeld . 
 below , ham 's main squad had ﬁnally reached the last prison cart . 
 unfortunately , several more groups of imperial soldiers had pushed their way through the gawking skaa crowds . 
 one of them was a large team of archers-armed with obsidian-tipped arrows . 
 kelsier cursed , letting himself fall . 
 the archers set up , obviously preparing to ﬁre straight into the ﬁghting crowd . 
 they would kill some of their own soldiers , but the brunt of their attack would be borne by the ﬂeeing prisoners . 
 kelsier dropped to the cobblestones . 
 he reached to the side , pulling against some discarded bars from the cage he had destroyed . 
 they ﬂew toward him . 
 the archers drew . 
 but he could see their atium-shadows . 
 kelsier released the bars and pushed himself to the side just slightly , allowing the bars to ﬂy between the archers and the ﬂeeing prisoners . 
 the archers ﬁred . 
 kelsier grabbed the bars , ﬂaring both steel and iron , pushing against one tip of each bar and pulling against the opposite tip . 
 the bars lurched in the air , immediately beginning to spin like furious , lunatic windmills . 
 most of the ﬂying arrows were sprayed to the side by the spinning rods of iron . 
 the bars clanged to the ground amid the scattered , discarded arrows . 
 the archers stood , stupeﬁed , as kelsier jumped to the side again , then pulled lightly on the bars , ﬂipping them up into the air in front of him . 
 he pushed , sending the bars crashing toward the archers . 
 he turned away as men screamed and died , his eyes seeking his true foe . 
 where is that creature hiding ? 
 he looked into a scene of chaos . 
 men fought , ran , ﬂed , and died-each one bearing a prophetic atium-shadow to kelsier 's eyes . 
 in this case , however , the shadows effectively doubled the number of people moving on the battleﬁeld , and only served to increase the sense of confusion . 
 more and more soldiers were arriving . 
 many of ham 's men were down , most of the rest were retreating - fortunately , they could simply discard their armor and blend into the skaa crowds . 
 kelsier was more worried about that last prisoner cart-the one with renoux and spook in it . 
 the trajectory at which ham 's group had entered the battle had required them to move up the line of carts , back to front . 
 trying to get to renoux ﬁrst would have required passing by the ﬁve other carts , leaving their people still trapped . 
 ham obviously did n't intend to leave until spook and renoux were free . 
 and , where ham fought , the rebel soldiers held . 
 there was a reason pewterarms were also called thugs : there was no subtlety to their ﬁghting , no clever iron-pulls or steelpushes . 
 ham simply attacked with raw strength and speed , throwing enemy soldiers out of his way , laying waste to their ranks , leading his squad of ﬁfty men toward the ﬁnal prison cart . 
 as they reached it , ham stepped back to ﬁght off a group of enemy soldiers as one of his men broke the cart 's lock . 
 kelsier smiled with pride , eyes still searching for the inquisitor . 
 his men were few , but the enemy soldiers seemed visibly unsettled by the skaa rebels ' determination . 
 kelsier 's men fought with passion-despite their other , numerous hindrances , they still had this one advantage . 
 this is what happens when you ﬁnally convince them to fight . 
 this is what hides within them all . 
 it 's just so hard to release ... renoux exited the cart , then stepped to the side , watching as his servants rushed free from their cage . 
 suddenly , a well-dressed ﬁgure burst from the melee , grabbing renoux by the front of his suit . 
 `` where 's valette ? '' 
 elend venture demanded , his desperate voice carrying to kelsier 's tin-enhanced ears . 
 `` which cage was she in ? '' 
 kid , you 're really starting to annoy me , kelsier thought , pushing himself a path through the soldiers as he ran toward the cart . 
 the inquisitor appeared , leaping out from behind a pile of soldiers . 
 it landed on top of the cage , shaking the entire structure , an obsidian axe grasped in each clawlike hand . 
 the creature met kelsier 's eyes and smiled , then dropped from the top of the cage and buried an axe in renoux 's back . 
 the kandra jerked , eyes opening wide . 
 the inquisitor turned toward elend next . 
 kelsier was n't certain if the creature recognized the boy . 
 perhaps the inquisitor thought elend to be a member of renoux 's family . 
 perhaps it did n't care . 
 kelsier paused for just a moment . 
 the inquisitor raised his axe to strike . 
 she loves him . 
 kelsier ﬂared steel within , stoking it , raging it until his chest burned like the ashmounts themselves . 
 he blasted against the soldiers behind him-throwing dozens of them backward-and streaked toward the inquisitor . 
 he crashed into the creature as it began to swing . 
 the discarded axe clicked against the stones a few feet away . 
 kelsier gripped the inquisitor by its neck as the two hit the ground ; then he began to squeeze with pewter-enhanced muscles . 
 the inquisitor reached up , grabbing kelsier 's hands , desperately trying to force them apart . 
 marsh was right , kelsier thought through the chaos . 
 it fears for its life . 
 it can be killed . 
 the inquisitor gasped raggedly , the metal spikeheads protruding from its eyes just inches from kelsier 's face . 
 to his side kelsier saw elend venture stumble back . 
 `` the girl is ﬁne ! '' 
 kelsier said through gritted teeth . 
 `` she was n't on the renoux barges . 
 go ! '' 
 elend paused uncertainly ; then one of his bodyguards ﬁnally appeared . 
 the boy let himself get dragged away . 
 ca n't believe i just saved a nobleman , kelsier thought , struggling to choke the inquisitor . 
 you 'd better appreciate this , girl . 
 slowly , with straining muscles , the inquisitor forced kelsier 's hands apart . 
 the creature began to smile again . 
 they 're so strong ! 
 the inquisitor pushed kelsier back , then pulled against a soldier , yanking itself in a skidding motion across the cobblestones . 
 the inquisitor hit a corpse and ﬂipped backward , up to its feet . 
 its neck was red from kelsier 's grip , bits of ﬂesh torn by his ﬁngernails , but it smiled still . 
 kelsier pushed against a soldier , ﬂipping himself up as well . 
 to his side , he saw renoux leaning against the cart . 
 kelsier caught the kandra 's eyes and nodded slightly . 
 renoux dropped to the ground with a sigh , axe in his back . 
 `` kelsier ! '' 
 ham yelled over the crowd . 
 `` go ! '' 
 kelsier told him . 
 `` renoux is dead . '' 
 ham glanced at renoux 's body , then nodded . 
 he turned to his men , calling orders . 
 `` survivor , '' a rasping voice said . 
 kelsier spun . 
 the inquisitor strode forward , stepping with pewter 's lithe power , surrounded by a haze of atium-shadows . 
 `` survivor of hathsin , '' it said . 
 `` you promised me a ﬁght . 
 must i kill more skaa ? '' 
 kelsier ﬂared his metals . 
 `` i never said we were done . '' 
 then , he smiled . 
 he was worried , he was pained , but he was also exhilarated . 
 all of his life , there had been a piece of him that had wished to stand and ﬁght . 
 he 'd always wanted to see if he could take an inquisitor . 
 vin stood , trying desperately to see over the crowd . 
 `` what ? '' 
 dockson asked . 
 `` i thought i saw elend ! '' 
 `` here ? 
 that sounds a bit ridiculous , do n't you think ? '' 
 vin ﬂushed . 
 probably . 
 `` regardless , i 'm going to try and get a better view . '' 
 she grabbed the side of the alleyway . 
 `` be careful , '' dox said . 
 `` if that inquisitor sees you ... '' vin nodded , scrambling up the bricks . 
 once she got high enough , she scanned the intersection for familiar ﬁgures . 
 dockson was right : elend was nowhere to be seen . 
 one of the carts-the one off of which the inquisitor had ripped the cage-lay on its side . 
 horses stomped about , hedged in by the ﬁghting and the skaa crowds . 
 `` what do you see ? '' 
 dox called up . 
 `` renoux is down ! '' 
 vin said , squinting and burning tin . 
 `` looks like an axe in his back . '' 
 `` that may or may not be fatal for him , '' dockson said cryptically . 
 `` i do n't know a lot about kandra . '' 
 kandra ? 
 `` what about the prisoners ? '' 
 dox called . 
 `` they 're all free , '' vin said . 
 `` the cages are empty . 
 dox , there are a lot of skaa out there ! '' 
 it looked like the entire population from the fountain square had crowded down to the small intersection . 
 the area was in a small depression , and vin could see thousands of skaa packing the streets sloping upward in all directions . 
 `` ham 's free ! '' 
 vin said . 
 `` i do n't see him-alive or dead - anywhere ! 
 spook 's gone too . '' 
 `` and kell ? '' 
 dockson asked urgently . 
 vin paused . 
 `` he 's still ﬁghting the inquisitor . '' 
 kelsier ﬂared his pewter , punching the inquisitor , careful to avoid the ﬂat disks of metal sticking out the front of its eyes . 
 the creature stumbled , and kelsier buried his ﬁst in its stomach . 
 the inquisitor growled and slapped kelsier across the face , throwing him down with one blow . 
 kelsier shook his head . 
 what does it take to kill this thing ? 
 he thought , pushing himself up to his feet , backing away . 
 the inquisitor strode forward . 
 some of the soldiers were trying to search the crowd for ham and his men , but many just stood still . 
 a ﬁght between two powerful allomancers was something whispered about , but never seen . 
 soldier and peasant stood dumbfounded , watching the battle with awe . 
 he 's stronger than i am , kelsier acknowledged , watching the inquisitor warily . 
 but strength is n't everything . 
 kelsier reached out , grabbing smaller metal sources and pulling them away from their owners-metal caps , ﬁne steel swords , coin pouches , daggers . 
 he threw them at the inquisitor-carefully manipulating steelpushes and ironpulls-and kept his atium burning so that each item he controlled would have a fanning multitude of atium-images in the inquisitor 's eyes . 
 the inquisitor cursed quietly as it deﬂected the swarming bits of metal . 
 kelsier , however , just used the inquisitor 's own pushes against it , pulling each item back , whipping them around at the creature . 
 the inquisitor blasted outward , pushing against all the items at once , and kelsier let them go . 
 as soon as the inquisitor stopped pushing , however , kelsier pulled his weapons back . 
 the imperial soldiers formed a ring , watching warily . 
 kelsier used them , pushing against breastplates , lurching himself back and forth in the air . 
 the quick changes in position let him move constantly , disorienting the inquisitor , allowing him to push his different ﬂying pieces of metal where he wanted them . 
 `` keep an eye on my belt buckle , '' dockson asked , wobbling slightly as he clung to the bricks beside vin . 
 `` if i fall off , give me a pull to slow the fall , eh ? '' 
 vin nodded , but she was n't paying much attention to dox . 
 she was watching kelsier . 
 `` he 's incredible ! '' 
 kelsier lurched back and forth in the air , his feet never touching the ground . 
 bits of metal buzzed around him , responding to his pushes and pulls . 
 he controlled them with such skill , one would have thought they were living things . 
 the inquisitor slapped them away with a fury , but was obviously having trouble keeping track of them all . 
 i underestimated kelsier , vin thought . 
 i assumed that he was less skilled than the mistings because he 'd spread himself too thin . 
 but that was n't it at all . 
 this . 
 this is his specialty-pushing and pulling with expert control . 
 and iron and steel are the metals he personally trained me in . 
 maybe he understood all along . 
 kelsier spun and ﬂew amid a maelstrom of metal . 
 every time something hit the ground , he ﬂicked it back up . 
 the items always ﬂew in straight lines , but he kept moving , pushing himself around , keeping them in the air , periodically shooting them at the inquisitor . 
 the creature spun , confused . 
 it tried to push itself upward , but kelsier shot several larger pieces of metal over the creature 's head , and it had to push against them , throwing off its jump . 
 an iron bar hit the inquisitor in the face . 
 the creature stumbled , blood marring the tattoos on the side of its face . 
 a steel helmet struck it in the side , tossing it backward . 
 kelsier began to shoot pieces of metal quickly , feeling his rage and anger mount . 
 `` were you the one who killed marsh ? '' 
 he yelled , not bothering to listen for an answer . 
 `` were you there when i was condemned , years ago ? '' 
 the inquisitor raised a warding hand , pushing away the next swarm of metals . 
 it limped backward , putting its back against the overturned wooden cart . 
 kelsier heard the creature growl , and a sudden push of strength washed through the crowd , toppling soldiers , causing kelsier 's metal weapons to shoot away . 
 kelsier let them go . 
 he dashed forward , rushing the disoriented inquisitor , scooping up a loose cobblestone . 
 the creature turned toward him , and kelsier yelled , swinging the cobblestone , his strength fueled almost more by rage than by pewter . 
 he hit the inquisitor square in the eyes . 
 the creature 's head snapped back , smacking against the bottom of the overturned cart . 
 kelsier struck again , yelling , repeatedly smashing his cobblestone into the creature 's face . 
 the inquisitor howled in pain , reaching clawlike hands for kelsier , moving as if to jump forward . 
 then it suddenly jerked to a stop , its head stuck against the cart 's wood . 
 the spike tips that jutted from the back of its skull had been pounded into the wood by kelsier 's attack . 
 kelsier smiled as the creature screamed in rage , struggling to pull its head free from the wood . 
 kelsier turned to the side , seeking an item he had seen on the ground a few moments before . 
 he kicked over a corpse , snatching the obsidian axe off the ground , its rough-chipped blade glittering in the red sunlight . 
 `` i 'm glad you talked me into this , '' he said quietly . 
 then he swung with a two-handed blow , slamming the axehead through the inquisitor 's neck and into the wood behind . 
 the inquisitor 's body slumped to the cobblestones . 
 the head remained where it was , staring out with its eerie , tattooed , unnatural gaze-pinned to the wood by its own spikes . 
 kelsier turned to face the crowd , suddenly feeling incredibly wearied . 
 his body ached from dozens of bruises and cuts , and he did n't even know when his cloak had ripped free . 
 he faced the soldiers deﬁantly , however , his scarred arms plainly visible . 
 `` the survivor of hathsin ! '' 
 one whispered . 
 `` he killed an inquisitor ... '' said another . 
 and then the chanting began . 
 the skaa in the surrounding streets began to scream his name . 
 the soldiers looked around , realizing with horror that they were surrounded . 
 the peasants began to press in , and kelsier could feel their anger and hope . 
 maybe this does n't have to go the way i assumed , kelsier thought triumphantly . 
 maybe i do n't have - then it hit . 
 like a cloud moving before the sun , like a sudden storm on a quiet night , like a pair of ﬁngers snufﬁng a candle . 
 an oppressive hand stiﬂed the budding skaa emotions . 
 the people cringed , and their cries died out . 
 the ﬁre kelsier had built within them was too new . 
 so close . . 
 he thought . 
 up ahead , a single , black carriage crested the hill and began to move down from the fountain square . 
 the lord ruler had arrived . 
 vin nearly lost her grip as the wave of depression hit her . 
 she ﬂared her copper , but-as always-she could still slightly feel the lord ruler 's oppressive hand . 
 `` lord ruler ! '' 
 dockson said , though vin could n't tell if it was a curse or an observation . 
 skaa that had been packed in to view the ﬁght somehow managed to make room for the dark carriage . 
 it rolled down a corridor of people toward the corpse-littered square . 
 soldiers pulled back , and kelsier stepped away from the fallen cart , moving out to face the oncoming carriage . 
 `` what is he doing ? '' 
 vin asked , turning toward dockson , who had propped himself up on a small outcropping . 
 `` why does n't he run ? 
 this is no inquisitor-this is n't something to ﬁght ! '' 
 `` this is it , vin , '' dockson said , awed . 
 `` this is what he 's been waiting for . 
 a chance to face the lord ruler-a chance to prove those legends of his . '' 
 vin turned back toward the square . 
 the carriage rolled to a stop . 
 `` but . . '' 
 she said quietly . 
 `` the eleventh metal . 
 did he bring it ? '' 
 `` he must have . '' 
 kelsier always said that the lord ruler was his task , vin thought . 
 he let the rest of us work on the nobility , the garrison , and the ministry . 
 but this ... kelsier always planned to do this himself . 
 the lord ruler stepped from his carriage , and vin leaned forward , burning tin . 
 he looked like . . 
 a man . 
 he was dressed in a black and white uniform somewhat like a nobleman 's suit , but far more exaggerated . 
 the coat reached all the way to his feet , and trailed behind him as he walked . 
 his vest was n't colored , but a pure black , though it was accented with brilliant white markings . 
 as vin had heard , his ﬁngers glittered with rings , the symbol of his power . 
 i 'm so much stronger than you , the rings proclaimed , that it does n't matter if i wear metal . 
 handsome , with jet black hair and pale skin , the lord ruler was tall , thin , and conﬁdent . 
 and he was young - younger than vin would have expected , even younger than kelsier . 
 he strode across the square , avoiding corpses , his soldiers pulling back and forcing the skaa away . 
 suddenly , a small group of ﬁgures burst through the line of soldiers . 
 they wore the mismatched armor of rebels , and the man leading them looked just a bit familiar . 
 he was one of ham 's thugs . 
 `` for my wife ! '' 
 the thug said , holding up a spear and charging . 
 `` for lord kelsier ! '' 
 yelled the other four . 
 oh no ... vin thought . 
 the lord ruler , however , ignored the men . 
 the lead rebel bellowed in deﬁance , then rammed his spear through the lord ruler 's chest . 
 the lord ruler just continued to walk , passing the soldier , spear sticking all the way through his body . 
 the rebel paused , then grabbed a spear from one of his friends and drove this one through the lord ruler 's back . 
 again , the lord ruler ignored the men-as if they , and their weapons , were completely beneath his contempt . 
 the lead rebel stumbled back , then spun as his friends began to scream under an inquisitor 's axe . 
 he joined them shortly , and the inquisitor stood above the corpses for a moment , hacking gleefully . 
 the lord ruler continued forward , two spears sticking-as if unnoticed-from his body . 
 kelsier stood waiting . 
 he looked ragged in his ripped skaa clothing . 
 yet , he was proud . 
 he did n't bend or bow beneath the weight of the lord ruler 's soothing . 
 the lord ruler stopped a few feet away , one of the spears nearly touching kelsier 's chest . 
 black ash fell lightly around the two men , bits of it curling and blowing in the faint wind . 
 the square fell horribly silent-even the inquisitor stopped his gruesome work . 
 vin leaned forward , clinging precariously to the rough brickwork . 
 do something , kelsier ! 
 use the metal ! 
 the lord ruler glanced at the inquisitor that kelsier had killed . 
 `` those are very hard to replace . '' 
 his accented voice carried easily to vin 's tin-enhanced ears . 
 even from a distance , she could see kelsier smile . 
 `` i killed you , once , '' the lord ruler said , turning back to kelsier . 
 `` you tried , '' kelsier replied , his voice loud and ﬁrm , carrying across the square . 
 `` but you ca n't kill me , lord tyrant . 
 i represent that thing you 've never been able to kill , no matter how hard you try . 
 i am hope . '' 
 the lord ruler snorted in disdain . 
 he raised a casual arm , then backhanded kelsier with a blow so powerful that vin could hear the crack resound through the square . 
 kelsier lurched and spun , spraying blood as he fell . 
 `` no ! '' 
 vin screamed . 
 the lord ruler ripped one of the spears from his own body , then slammed it down through kelsier 's chest . 
 `` let the executions begin , '' he said , turning toward his carriage and ripping out the second spear , then tossing it aside . 
 chaos followed . 
 prompted by the inquisitor , the soldiers turned and attacked the crowd . 
 other inquisitors appeared from the square above , riding black horses , ebony axes glistening in the afternoon light . 
 vin ignored it all . 
 `` kelsier ! '' 
 she screamed . 
 his body lay where it had fallen , spear jutting from his chest , scarlet blood pooling around him . 
 no . 
 no . 
 no ! 
 she jumped from the building , pushing against some people and throwing herself over the massacre . 
 she landed in the center of the oddly empty square-lord ruler gone , inquisitors busy killing skaa . 
 she scrambled to kelsier 's side . 
 there was almost nothing remaining of the left side of his face . 
 the right side , however . . 
 it still smiled faintly , single dead eye staring up into the red-black sky . 
 bits of ash fell lightly on his face . 
 `` kelsier , no ... '' vin said , tears streaming down her face . 
 she prodded his body , feeling for a pulse . 
 there was none . 
 `` you said you could n't be killed ! '' 
 she cried . 
 `` what of your plans ? 
 what of the eleventh metal ? 
 what of me ? '' 
 he did n't move . 
 vin had trouble seeing through the tears . 
 it 's impossible . 
 he always said we are n't invincible ... but that meant me . 
 not him . 
 not kelsier . 
 he was invincible . 
 he should have been . 
 someone grabbed her and she squirmed , crying out . 
 `` time to go , kid , '' ham said . 
 he paused , looking at kelsier , assuring for himself that the crewleader was dead . 
 then he towed her away . 
 vin continued to struggle weakly , but she was growing numb . 
 in the back of her mind , she heard reen 's voice . 
 see . 
 i told you he would leave you . 
 i warned you . 
 i promised you ... the end of part four part five believers in a forgotten world i know what will happen if i make the wrong choice . 
 i must be strong ; i must not take the power for myself . 
 for i have seen what will happen if i do . 
 35 to work with me , kelsier had said , i only ask that you promise one thing-to trust me . 
 vin hung in the mist , immobile . 
 it ﬂowed around her like a quiet stream . 
 above , ahead , to the sides , and beneath . 
 mist all around her . 
 trust me , vin , he 'd said . 
 you trusted me enough to jump off the wall , and i caught you . 
 you 're going to have to trust me this time too . 
 i 'll catch you . 
 i 'll catch you ... it was as if she were nowhere . 
 among , and of , the mist . 
 how she envied it . 
 it did n't think . 
 did n't worry . 
 did n't hurt . 
 i trusted you , kelsier , she thought . 
 i actually did-but you let me fall . 
 you promised that your crews had no betrayals . 
 what of this ? 
 what of your betrayal ? 
 she hung , her tin extinguished to let her better see the mists . 
 they were slightly wet , cool upon her skin . 
 like the tears of a dead man . 
 why does it matter , anymore ? 
 she thought , staring upward . 
 why does anything matter ? 
 what was it you said to me , kelsier ? 
 that i never really understood ? 
 that i still needed to learn about friendship ? 
 what about you ? 
 you did n't even ﬁght him . 
 he stood there again , in her mind . 
 the lord ruler struck him down with a disdainful blow . 
 the survivor had died like any other man . 
 is this why you were so hesitant to promise that you would n't abandon me ? 
 she wished she could just . . 
 go . 
 float away . 
 become mist . 
 she 'd once wished for freedom-and then had assumed she 'd found it . 
 she 'd been wrong . 
 this was n't freedom , this grief , this hole within her . 
 it was the same as before , when reen had abandoned her . 
 what was the difference ? 
 at least reen had been honest . 
 he 'd always promised that he would leave . 
 kelsier had led her along , telling her to trust and to love , but reen had always been the truthful one . 
 `` i do n't want to do this anymore , '' she whispered to the mists . 
 `` ca n't you just take me ? '' 
 the mists gave no answer . 
 they continued to spin playfully , uncaring . 
 always changing-yet somehow , always the same . 
 `` mistress ? '' 
 called an uncertain voice from below . 
 `` mistress , is that you up there ? '' 
 vin sighed , burning tin , then extinguishing steel and letting herself drop . 
 her mistcloak ﬂuttered as she fell through the mists ; she landed quietly on the rooftop above their safe house . 
 sazed stood a short distance away , beside the steel ladder that the lookouts had been using to get atop the building . 
 `` yes , saze ? '' 
 she asked tiredly , reaching out to pull up the three coins she 'd been using as anchors to stabilize her like the legs of a tripod . 
 one of them was twisted and bent-the same coin she and kelsier had gotten into a pushing match over so many months ago . 
 `` i 'm sorry , mistress , '' sazed said . 
 `` i simply wondered where you had gone . '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` it is a strangely quiet night , i think , '' sazed said . 
 `` a mournful night . '' 
 hundreds of skaa had been massacred following kelsier 's death , and hundreds more had been trampled during the rush to escape . 
 `` i wonder if his death even meant anything , '' she said quietly . 
 `` we probably saved a lot fewer than were killed . '' 
 `` slain by evil men , mistress . '' 
 `` ham often asks if there even is such a thing as ` evil . ' '' 
 `` master hammond likes to ask questions , '' sazed said , `` but even he does n't question the answers . 
 there are evil men ... just as there are good men . '' 
 vin shook her head . 
 `` i was wrong about kelsier . 
 he was n't a good man-he was just a liar . 
 he never had a plan for defeating the lord ruler . '' 
 `` perhaps , '' sazed said . 
 `` or , perhaps he never had an opportunity to fulﬁll that plan . 
 perhaps we just do n't understand the plan . '' 
 `` you sound like you still believe in him . '' 
 vin turned and walked to the edge of the ﬂat-topped roof , staring out over the quiet , shadowy city . 
 `` i do , mistress , '' sazed said . 
 `` how ? 
 how can you ? '' 
 sazed shook his head , walking over to stand beside her . 
 `` belief is n't simply a thing for fair times and bright days , i think . 
 what is belief-what is faith-if you do n't continue in it after failure ? '' 
 vin frowned . 
 `` anyone can believe in someone , or something , that always succeeds , mistress . 
 but failure ... ah , now , that is hard to believe in , certainly and truly . 
 difﬁcult enough to have value , i think . '' 
 vin shook her head . 
 `` kelsier does n't deserve it . '' 
 `` you do n't mean that , mistress , '' sazed said calmly . 
 `` you 're angry because of what happened . 
 you hurt . '' 
 `` oh , i mean it , '' vin said , feeling a tear on her cheek . 
 `` he does n't deserve our belief . 
 he never did . '' 
 `` the skaa think differently-their legends about him are growing quickly . 
 i shall have to return here soon and collect them . '' 
 vin frowned . 
 `` you would gather stories about kelsier ? '' 
 `` of course , '' sazed said . 
 `` i collect all religions . '' 
 vin snorted . 
 `` this is no religion we 're talking about , sazed . 
 this is kelsier . '' 
 `` i disagree . 
 he is certainly a religious ﬁgure to the skaa . '' 
 `` but , we knew him , '' vin said . 
 `` he was no prophet or god . 
 he was just a man . '' 
 `` so many of them are , i think , '' sazed said quietly . 
 vin just shook her head . 
 they stood there for a moment , watching the night . 
 `` what of the others ? '' 
 she ﬁnally asked . 
 `` they are discussing what to do next , '' sazed said . 
 `` i believe it has been decided that they will leave luthadel separately and seek refuge in other towns . '' 
 `` and ... you ? '' 
 `` i must travel north-to my homeland , to the place of the keepers-so that i can share the knowledge that i possess . 
 i must tell my brethren and sisters of the logbook-especially the words regarding our ancestor , the man named rashek . 
 there is much to learn in this story , i think . '' 
 he paused , then glanced at her . 
 `` this is not a journey i can take with another , mistress . 
 the places of the keepers must remain secret , even from you . '' 
 of course , vin thought . 
 of course he 'd go too . 
 `` i will return , '' he promised . 
 sure you will . 
 just like all of the others have . 
 the crew had made her feel needed for a time , but she 'd always known it would end . 
 it was time to go back to the streets . 
 time to be alone again . 
 `` mistress ... '' sazed said slowly . 
 `` do you hear that ? '' 
 she shrugged . 
 but . . 
 there was something . 
 voices . 
 vin frowned , walking to the other side of the building . 
 they grew louder , becoming easily distinct even without tin . 
 she peered over the side of the rooftop . 
 a group of skaa men , perhaps ten in number , stood in the street below . 
 a thieving crew ? 
 vin wondered as sazed joined her . 
 the group 's numbers were swelling as more skaa timidly left their dwellings . 
 `` come , '' said a skaa man who stood at the front of the group . 
 `` fear not the mist ! 
 did n't the survivor name himself lord of the mists ? 
 did he not say that we have nothing to fear from them ? 
 indeed , they will protect us , give us safety . 
 give us power , even ! '' 
 as more and more skaa left their homes without obvious repercussion , the group began to swell even further . 
 `` go get the others , '' vin said . 
 `` good idea , '' sazed said , moving quickly to the ladder . 
 `` your friends , your children , your fathers , your mothers , wives , and lovers , '' the skaa man said , lighting a lantern and holding it up . 
 `` they lie dead in the street not a half hour from here . 
 the lord ruler does n't even have the decency to clean up his slaughter ! '' 
 the crowd began to mutter in agreement . 
 `` even when the cleaning occurs , '' the man said , `` will it be the lord ruler 's hands that dig the graves ? 
 no ! 
 it will be our hands . 
 lord kelsier spoke of this . '' 
 `` lord kelsier ! '' 
 several men agreed . 
 the group was getting large now , being joined by women and youths . 
 clanking on the ladder announced ham 's arrival . 
 he was joined shortly by sazed , then breeze , dockson , spook , and even clubs . 
 `` lord kelsier ! '' 
 proclaimed the man below . 
 others lit torches , brightening the mists . 
 `` lord kelsier fought for us today ! 
 he slew an immortal inquisitor ! '' 
 the crowd grumbled in assent . 
 `` but then he died ! '' 
 someone yelled . 
 silence . 
 `` and what did we do to help him ? '' 
 the leader asked . 
 `` many of us were there-thousands of us . 
 did we help ? 
 no ! 
 we waited and watched , even as he fought for us . 
 we stood dumbly and let him fall . 
 we watched him die ! 
 `` or did we ? 
 what did the survivor say-that the lord ruler could never really kill him ? 
 kelsier is the lord of the mists ! 
 is he not with us now ? '' 
 vin turned to the others . 
 ham was watching carefully , but breeze just shrugged . 
 `` the man 's obviously insane . 
 a religious nut . '' 
 `` i tell you , friends ! '' 
 screamed the man below . 
 the crowd was still growing , more and more torches being lit . 
 `` i tell you the truth ! 
 lord kelsier appeared to me this very night ! 
 he said that he would always be with us . 
 will we let him down again ? '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 came the reply . 
 breeze shook his head . 
 `` i did n't think they had it in them . 
 too bad it 's such a small - '' `` what 's that ? '' 
 dox asked . 
 vin turned , frowning . 
 there was a pocket of light in the distance . 
 like . . 
 torches , lit in the mists . 
 another one appeared to the east , near a skaa slum . 
 a third appeared . 
 then a fourth . 
 in a matter of moments , it seemed like the entire city was glowing . 
 `` you insane genius ... '' dockson whispered . 
 `` what ? '' 
 clubs asked , frowning . 
 `` we missed it , '' dox said . 
 `` the atium , the army , the nobility ... that was n't the job kelsier was planning . 
 this was his job ! 
 our crew was never supposed to topple the final empire-we were too small . 
 an entire city 's population , however . . '' 
 `` you 're saying he did this on purpose ? '' 
 breeze asked . 
 `` he always asked me the same question , '' sazed said from behind . 
 `` he always asked what gave religions so much power . 
 each time , i answered him the same ... '' sazed looked at them , cocking his head . 
 `` i told him that it was because their believers had something they felt passionate about . 
 something ... or someone . '' 
 `` but , why not tell us ? '' 
 breeze asked . 
 `` because he knew , '' dox said quietly . 
 `` he knew something we would never agree to . 
 he knew that he would have to die . '' 
 breeze shook his head . 
 `` i do n't buy it . 
 why even bother with us , then ? 
 he could have done this on his own . '' 
 why even bother . . 
 `` dox , '' vin said , turning . 
 `` where 's that warehouse kelsier rented , the one where he held his informant meetings ? '' 
 dockson paused . 
 `` not far away , actually . 
 two streets down . 
 he said he wanted it to be near the bolt-lair ... '' `` show me ! '' 
 vin said , scrambling over the side of the building . 
 the gathered skaa continued to yell , each cry louder than the one before . 
 the entire street blazed with light , ﬂickering torches turning the mist into a brilliant haze . 
 dockson led her down the street , the rest of the crew trailing behind . 
 the warehouse was a large , run-down structure squatting disconsolately in the slum 's industrial section . 
 vin walked up to it , then ﬂared pewter and smashed off the lock . 
 the door slowly swung open . 
 dockson held up a lantern , and its light revealed sparkling piles of metal . 
 weapons . 
 swords , axes , staves , and helmets glittered in the light-an incredible silvery hoard . 
 the crew stared at the room in wonder . 
 `` this is the reason , '' vin said quietly . 
 `` he needed the renoux front to buy weapons in such numbers . 
 he knew his rebellion would need these if they were going to succeed in taking the city . '' 
 `` why gather an army , then ? '' 
 ham said . 
 `` was it just a front too ? '' 
 `` i guess , '' vin said . 
 `` wrong , '' a voice said , echoing through the cavernous warehouse . 
 `` there was so much more to it than that . '' 
 the crew jumped , and vin ﬂared her metals ... until she recognized the voice . 
 `` renoux ? '' 
 dockson held his lantern higher . 
 `` show yourself , creature . '' 
 a ﬁgure moved in the far back of the warehouse , staying to shadow . 
 however , when it spoke , its voice was unmistakable . 
 `` he needed the army to provide a core of trained men for the rebellion . 
 that part of his plan was ... hampered by events . 
 that was only one bit of why he needed you , however . 
 the noble houses needed to fall to leave a void in the political structure . 
 the garrison needed to leave the town so that the skaa would n't be slaughtered . '' 
 `` he planned this all from the start , '' ham said with wonder . 
 `` kelsier knew that the skaa would n't rise up . 
 they 'd been beaten down for so long , trained to think that the lord ruler owned both their bodies and their souls . 
 he understood that they would never rebel ... not unless he gave them a new god . '' 
 `` yes , '' renoux said , stepping forward . 
 the light glittered off his face , and vin gasped in surprise . 
 `` kelsier ! '' 
 she screamed . 
 ham grabbed her shoulder . 
 `` careful , child . 
 it 's not him . '' 
 the creature looked at her . 
 it wore kelsier 's face , but the eyes ... they were different . 
 the face did n't bear kelsier 's characteristic smile . 
 it seemed hollow . 
 dead . 
 `` i apologize , '' it said . 
 `` this was to be my part in the plan , and is the reason kelsier originally contracted with me . 
 i was to take his bones once he was dead , then appear to his followers to give them faith and strength . '' 
 `` what are you ? '' 
 vin asked with horror . 
 renoux-kelsier looked at her , and then his face shimmered , becoming transparent . 
 she could see his bones through the gelatinous skin . 
 it reminded her of ... `` a mistwraith . '' 
 `` a kandra , '' the creature said , its skin losing its transparency . 
 `` a mistwraith that has ... grown up , you might say . '' 
 vin turned away in revulsion , remembering the creatures she had seen in the mist . 
 scavengers , kelsier had said ... creatures that digested the bodies of the dead , stealing their skeletons and images . 
 the legends are even more true than i thought . 
 `` you were part of this plan too , '' the kandra said . 
 `` all of you . 
 you ask why he needed a crew ? 
 he needed men of virtue , men who could learn to worry more for the people than for coin . 
 he put you before armies and crowds , letting you practice leadership . 
 he was using you ... but he was also training you . '' 
 the creature looked to dockson , breeze , then ham . 
 `` bureaucrat , politician , general . 
 for a new nation to be born , it will need men of your individual talents . '' 
 the kandra nodded to a large sheet of paper afﬁxed to a table a short distance away . 
 `` that is for you to follow . 
 i have other business to be about . '' 
 it turned as if to leave , then paused beside vin , turning toward her with its disturbingly kelsier-like face . 
 yet , the creature itself was n't like renoux or kelsier . 
 it seemed passionless . 
 the kandra held up a small pouch . 
 `` he asked me to give you this . '' 
 it dropped the pouch into her hand , then continued on , the crew giving it a wide berth as it left the warehouse . 
 breeze started toward the table ﬁrst , but ham and dockson beat him to it . 
 vin looked down at the bag . 
 she was ... afraid to see what it contained . 
 she hurried forward , joining the crew . 
 the sheet was a map of the city , apparently copied from the one marsh had sent . 
 written at the top were some words . 
 my friends , you have a lot of work to do , and you must do it quickly . 
 you must organize and distribute the weapons in this warehouse , then you must do the same in two others like it located in the other slums . 
 there are horses in a side room for ease of travel . 
 once you distribute the weapons , you must secure the city gates and subdue the remaining members of the garrison . 
 breeze , your team will do this-march on the garrison ﬁrst , so that you can take the gates in peace . 
 there are four great houses that retain a strong military presence in the city . 
 i have marked them on the map . 
 ham , your team will deal with these . 
 we do n't want an armed force other than our own inside the city . 
 dockson , remain behind while the initial strikes happen . 
 more and more skaa will come to the warehouses once word gets out . 
 breeze and ham 's armies will include the troops we have trained , as well as augmentations-i hope-from the skaa gathering in the streets . 
 you will need to make certain that the regular skaa get their weapons , so that clubs can lead the assault on the palace itself . 
 the soothing stations should already be gone-renoux delivered the proper order to our assassin teams before he came to get you to bring you here . 
 if you have time , send some of ham 's thugs to check out those stations . 
 breeze , your own soothers will be needed amongst the skaa to encourage them to bravery . 
 i think that 's everything . 
 it was a fun job , was n't it ? 
 when you remember me , please remember that . 
 remember to smile . 
 now , move quickly . 
 may you rule in wisdom . 
 the map had the city divided , with the various divisions labeled with various crewmembers ' names . 
 vin noticed that she , along with sazed , were left out . 
 `` i 'll go back to that group we left by our house , '' clubs said in a grumbling voice . 
 `` bring them here to get weapons . '' 
 he began to hobble away . 
 `` clubs ? '' 
 ham said , turning . 
 `` no offense , but ... why did he include you as an army leader ? 
 what do you know of warfare ? '' 
 clubs snorted , then lifted up his trouser leg , showing the long , twisting scar that ran up the side of his calf and thigh - obviously the source of his limp . 
 `` where do you think i got this ? '' 
 he said , then began to move away . 
 ham turned back with wonder . 
 `` i do n't believe this is happening . '' 
 breeze shook his head . 
 `` and i assumed that i knew something about manipulating people . 
 this ... this is amazing . 
 the economy is on the verge of collapsing , and the nobility that survive will soon be at open warfare on the countryside . 
 kell showed us how to kill inquisitors-we 'll just need to pull down the others and behead them . 
 as for the lord ruler . . '' 
 eyes turned on vin . 
 she looked down at the pouch in her hand , and pulled it open . 
 a smaller sack , obviously ﬁlled with atium beads , fell into her hand . 
 it was followed by a small bar of metal wrapped in a sheet of paper . 
 the eleventh metal . 
 vin unwrapped the paper . 
 vin , it read . 
 your original duty tonight was going to be to assassinate the high noblemen remaining in the city . 
 but , well , you convinced me that maybe they should live . 
 i could never ﬁgure out how this blasted metal was supposed to work . 
 it 's safe to burn-it wo n't kill you-but it does n't appear to do anything useful . 
 if you 're reading this , then i failed to ﬁgure out how to use it when i faced the lord ruler . 
 i do n't think it matters . 
 the people needed something to believe in , and this was the only way to give it to them . 
 please do n't be angry at me for abandoning you . 
 i was given an extension on life . 
 i should have died in mare 's place years ago . 
 i was ready for this . 
 the others will need you . 
 you 're their mistborn now-you 'll have to protect them in the months to come . 
 the nobility will send assassins against our ﬂedgling kingdom 's rulers . 
 farewell . 
 i 'll tell mare about you . 
 she always wanted a daughter . 
 `` what does it say , vin ? '' 
 ham asked . 
 `` it ... says that he does n't know how the eleventh metal works . 
 he 's sorry-he was n't certain how to defeat the lord ruler . '' 
 `` we 've got an entire city full of people to ﬁght him , '' dox said . 
 `` i seriously doubt he can kill us all-if we ca n't destroy him , we 'll just tie him up and toss him in a dungeon . '' 
 the others nodded . 
 `` all right ! '' 
 dockson said . 
 `` breeze and ham , you need to get to those other warehouses and begin giving out weapons . 
 spook , go fetch the apprentices-we 'll need them to run messages . 
 let 's go ! '' 
 everyone scattered . 
 soon , the skaa they had seen earlier burst into the warehouse , holding their torches high , looking in awe at the wealth of weaponry . 
 dockson worked efﬁciently , ordering some of the newcomers to be distributors , sending others to go gather their friends and family . 
 men began to gear up , gathering weapons . 
 everyone was busy except for vin . 
 she looked up at sazed , who smiled at her . 
 `` sometimes we just have to wait long enough , mistress , '' he said . 
 `` then we ﬁnd out why exactly it was that we kept believing . 
 there is a saying that master kelsier was fond of . '' 
 `` there 's always another secret , '' vin whispered . 
 `` but saze , everyone has something to do except me . 
 i was originally supposed to go assassinate noblemen , but kell does n't want me to do that anymore . '' 
 `` they have to be neutralized , '' sazed said , `` but not necessarily murdered . 
 perhaps your place was simply to show kelsier that fact ? '' 
 vin shook her head . 
 `` no . 
 i have to do more , saze . '' 
 she gripped the empty pouch , frustrated . 
 something crinkled inside of it . 
 she looked down , opening the pouch and noticing a piece of paper that she had n't seen before . 
 she pulled it out and unfolded it delicately . 
 it was the drawing that kelsier had shown her-the picture of a ﬂower . 
 mare had always kept it with her , dreaming of a future where the sun was n't red , where plants were green ... vin looked up . 
 bureaucrat , politician , soldier . . 
 there 's something else that every kingdom needs . 
 a good assassin . 
 she turned , pulling out a vial of metal and drinking its contents , using the liquid to wash down a couple beads of atium . 
 she walked over to the pile of weapons , picking up a small bundle of arrows . 
 they had stone heads . 
 she began breaking the heads off , leaving about a half inch of wood attached to them , discarding the ﬂetched shafts . 
 `` mistress ? '' 
 sazed asked with concern . 
 vin walked past him , searching through the armaments . 
 she found what she wanted in a shirtlike piece of armor , constructed from large rings of interlocking metal . 
 she pried a handful of these free with a dagger and pewter-enhanced ﬁngers . 
 `` mistress , what are you doing ? '' 
 vin walked over to a trunk beside the table , within which she had seen a large collection of powdered metals . 
 she ﬁlled her pouch with several handfuls of pewter dust . 
 `` i 'm worried about the lord ruler , '' she said , taking a ﬁle from the box and scraping off a few ﬂakes of the eleventh metal . 
 she paused-eyeing the unfamiliar , silvery metal - then swallowed the ﬂakes with a gulp from her ﬂask . 
 she put a couple more ﬂakes in one of her backup metal vials . 
 `` surely the rebellion can deal with him , '' sazed said . 
 `` he is not so strong without all of his servants , i think . '' 
 `` you 're wrong , '' vin said , rising and walking toward the door . 
 `` he 's strong , saze . 
 kelsier could n't feel him , not like i can . 
 he did n't know . '' 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 sazed asked behind her . 
 vin paused in the doorway , turning , mist curling around her . 
 `` inside the palace complex , there is a chamber protected by soldiers and inquisitors . 
 kelsier tried to get into it twice . '' 
 she turned back toward the dark mists . 
 `` tonight , i 'm going to ﬁnd out what 's inside of it . '' 
 i have decided that i am thankful for rashek 's hatred . 
 it does me well to remember that there are those who abhor me . 
 my place is not to seek popularity or love ; my place is to ensure mankind 's survival . 
 36 vin walked quietly toward kredik shaw . 
 the sky behind her burned , the mists reﬂecting and diffusing the light of a thousand torches . 
 it was like a radiant dome over the city . 
 the light was yellow , the color kelsier had always said the sun should be . 
 four nervous guards waited at the same palace doorway that she and kelsier had attacked before . 
 they watched her approach . 
 vin stepped slowly , quietly , on the mist-wetted stones , her mistcloak rustling solemnly . 
 one of the guards lowered a spear at her , and vin stopped right in front of him . 
 `` i know you , '' she said quietly . 
 `` you endured the mills , the mines , and the forges . 
 you knew that someday they would kill you , and leave your families to starve . 
 so , you went to the lord ruler-guilty but determined-and joined his guards . '' 
 the four men glanced at each other , confused . 
 `` the light behind me comes from a massive skaa rebellion , '' she said . 
 `` the entire city is rising up against the lord ruler . 
 i do n't blame you men for your choices , but a time of change is coming . 
 those rebels could use your training and your knowledge . 
 go to them-they gather in the square of the survivor . '' 
 `` the ... square of the survivor ? '' 
 a soldier asked . 
 `` the place where the survivor of hathsin was killed earlier today . '' 
 the four men exchanged looks , uncertain . 
 vin rioted their emotions slightly . 
 `` you do n't have to live with the guilt anymore . '' 
 finally , one of the men stepped forward and ripped the symbol off his uniform , then strode determinedly into the night . 
 the other three paused , then followed-leaving vin with an open entrance to the palace . 
 vin walked down the corridor , eventually passing the same guard chamber as before . 
 she strode inside-stepping past a group of chatting guards without hurting any of them-and entered the hallway beyond . 
 behind her , the guards shook off their surprise and called out in alarm . 
 they burst into the corridor , but vin jumped and pushed against the lantern brackets , hurling herself down the hallway . 
 the men 's voices grew distant ; even running , they would n't be able to keep up with her . 
 she reached the end of the corridor , then let herself drop lightly to the ground , enveloping cloak falling around her body . 
 she continued her resolute , unhurried pace . 
 there was no reason to run . 
 they 'd be waiting for her anyway . 
 she passed through the archway , stepping into the dome-roofed central chamber . 
 silver murals lined the walls , braziers burned in the corners , the ﬂoor was an ebony marble . 
 and two inquisitors stood blocking her path . 
 vin strode quietly through the room , approaching the building-within-a-building that was her goal . 
 `` we search all this time , '' said an inquisitor in his grinding voice . 
 `` and you come to us . 
 a second time . '' 
 vin stopped , standing about twenty feet in front of the pair . 
 they loomed , each of them nearly two feet taller than she , smiling and conﬁdent . 
 vin burned atium , then whipped her hands from beneath her cloak , tossing a double handful of arrowheads into the air . 
 she ﬂared steel , pushing powerfully against the rings of metal wrapped loosely around the arrowheads ' broken hafts . 
 the missiles shot forward , ripping across the room . 
 the lead inquisitor chuckled , raising a hand and pushing disdainfully against the missiles . 
 his push ripped the unattached rings free from the hafts , shooting the bits of metal backward . 
 the arrowheads themselves , however , continued forward-no longer pushed from behind , but still carried by a deadly momentum . 
 the inquisitor opened his mouth in surprise as two dozen arrowheads struck him . 
 several punched completely through his ﬂesh , continuing on to snap against the stone wall behind him . 
 several others struck his companion in the legs . 
 the lead inquisitor jerked , spasming as he collapsed . 
 the other growled , staying on his feet , but wobbling a bit on the weakened leg . 
 vin dashed forward , ﬂaring her pewter . 
 the remaining inquisitor moved to block her , but she reached inside her cloak and threw out a large handful of pewter dust . 
 the inquisitor stopped , confused . 
 to his `` eyes '' he would see nothing but a mess of blue lines-each one leading to a speck of metal . 
 with so many sources of metal concentrated in one place , the lines would be virtually blinding . 
 the inquisitor spun , angry , as vin dashed past him . 
 he pushed against the dust , blowing it away , but as he did so , vin whipped out a glass dagger and ﬂipped it toward him . 
 in the confusing mess of blue lines and atium shadows , he missed noticing the dagger , and it took him square in the thigh . 
 he fell , cursing in a crackly voice . 
 good thing that worked , vin thought , leaping over the groaning body of the ﬁrst inquisitor . 
 was n't sure about those eyes of theirs . 
 she threw her weight against the door , ﬂaring pewter and tossing up another handful of dust to keep the remaining inquisitor from targeting any metals on her body . 
 she did n't turn back to ﬁght the two further-not with the trouble one of the creatures had given kelsier . 
 her goal this inﬁltration was n't to kill , but to gather information , then run . 
 vin burst into the building-within-a-building , nearly tripping on a rug made from some exotic fur . 
 she frowned , scanning the chamber urgently , searching for whatever the lord ruler hid inside of it . 
 it has to be here , she thought desperately . 
 the clue to defeating him-the way to win this battle . 
 she was counting on the inquisitors being distracted by their wounds long enough for her to search out the lord ruler 's secret and escape . 
 the room had only one exit-the entrance she 'd come through-and a hearth burned in the center of the chamber . 
 the walls were decorated with odd trappings ; furs hung from most places , the pelts dyed in strange patterns . 
 there were a few old paintings , their colors faded , their canvases yellowed . 
 vin searched quickly , urgently , looking for anything that could prove to be a weapon against the lord ruler . 
 unfortunately , she saw nothing useful ; the room felt foreign , but unremarkable . 
 in fact , it had a comfortable hominess , like a study or den . 
 it was packed full of strange objects and decorations-like the horns of some foreign beast and a strange pair of shoes with very wide , ﬂat bottoms . 
 it was the room of a pack rat , a place to keep memories of the past . 
 she jumped as something moved near the center of the room . 
 a pivoting chair stood by the hearth , and it spun slowly , revealing the wizened old man who sat in it . 
 bald , with liver-spotted skin , he appeared to be in his seventies . 
 he wore rich , dark clothing , and he frowned angrily at vin . 
 that 's it , vin thought . 
 i 've failed-there 's nothing here . 
 time to get out . 
 just as she was spinning to dash away , however , rough hands grabbed her from behind . 
 she cursed , struggling as she glanced down at the inquisitor 's bloodied leg . 
 even with pewter , he should n't have been able to walk on it . 
 she tried to twist away , but the inquisitor had her in a powerful grasp . 
 `` what is this ? '' 
 the old man demanded , standing . 
 `` i 'm sorry , lord ruler , '' the inquisitor said deferentially . 
 lord ruler ! 
 but ... i saw him . 
 he was a young man . 
 `` kill her , '' the old man said , waving his hand . 
 `` my lord , '' the inquisitor said . 
 `` this child is ... of special interest . 
 might i keep her for a time ? '' 
 `` what special interest ? '' 
 the lord ruler said , sighing as he sat again . 
 `` we wish to petition you , lord ruler , '' said the inquisitor . 
 `` regarding the canton of orthodoxy . '' 
 `` this again ? '' 
 the lord ruler said wearily . 
 `` please , my lord , '' said the inquisitor . 
 vin continued to struggle , ﬂaring her pewter . 
 the inquisitor pinned her arms to her sides , however , and her backward kicking did very little good . 
 he 's so strong ! 
 she thought with frustration . 
 and then , she remembered it . 
 the eleventh metal , its power sitting within her , forming an unfamiliar reserve . 
 she looked up , glaring at the old man . 
 this had better work . 
 she burned the eleventh metal . 
 nothing happened . 
 vin struggled in frustration , her heart sinking . 
 and then she saw him . 
 another man , standing right beside the lord ruler . 
 where had he come from ? 
 she had n't seen him enter . 
 he had a full beard and wore a thick , woolen outﬁt with a fur-lined cloak . 
 it was n't rich clothing , but it was well constructed . 
 he stood quietly , seeming ... content . 
 he smiled happily . 
 vin cocked her head . 
 there was something familiar about the man . 
 his features looked very similar to those of the man who had killed kelsier . 
 however , this man was older and ... more alive . 
 vin turned to the side . 
 there was another unfamiliar man beside her , a young nobleman . 
 he was a merchant , from the looks of his suit-and a very wealthy one at that . 
 what is going on ? 
 the eleventh metal burned out . 
 both newcomers vanished like ghosts . 
 `` very well , '' said the elderly lord ruler , sighing . 
 `` i agree to your request . 
 we will meet in several hours ' time - tevidian has already requested a gathering to discuss matters outside the palace . '' 
 `` ah , '' said the second inquisitor . 
 `` yes ... it will be good for him to be there . 
 good indeed . '' 
 vin continued to squirm as the inquisitor pushed her to the ground , then lifted his hand , gripping something she could n't see . 
 he swung , and pain ﬂashed through her head . 
 despite her pewter , all went black . 
 elend found his father in the north entryway-a smaller , less daunting entrance to keep venture , though only when compared with the majestic grand hall . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 elend demanded , pulling on his suit coat , his hair disheveled from sleep . 
 lord venture stood with his guard captains and canalmasters . 
 soldiers and servants scattered through the white-and-brown hallway , rushing about with an air of apprehensive fright . 
 lord venture ignored elend 's question , calling for a messenger to ride for the east river docks . 
 `` father , what 's happening ? '' 
 elend repeated . 
 `` skaa rebellion , '' lord venture snapped . 
 what ? 
 elend thought as lord venture waved for another group of soldiers to approach . 
 impossible . 
 a skaa rebellion in luthadel itself ... it was unthinkable . 
 they did n't have the disposition to try such a bold move , they were just . . 
 valette is skaa , he thought . 
 you have to stop thinking like other noblemen , elend . 
 you have to open your eyes . 
 the garrison was gone , off to slaughter a different group of rebels . 
 the skaa had been forced to watch those gruesome executions weeks ago , not to mention the slaughter that had come this day . 
 they had been stressed to the point of breaking . 
 temadre predicted this , elend realized . 
 so did half a dozen other political theorists . 
 they said that the final empire could n't last forever . 
 god at its head or not , the people would someday rise up ... it 's ﬁnally happening . 
 i 'm living through it ! 
 and ... i 'm on the wrong side . 
 `` why the canalmasters ? '' 
 elend asked . 
 `` we 're leaving the city , '' lord venture said tersely . 
 `` abandon the keep ? '' 
 elend asked . 
 `` where 's the honor in that ? '' 
 lord venture snorted . 
 `` this is n't about bravery , boy . 
 it 's about survival . 
 those skaa are attacking the main gates , slaughtering the remnants of the garrison . 
 i have no intention of waiting until they come for noble heads . '' 
 `` but ... '' lord venture shook his head . 
 `` we were leaving anyway . 
 something ... happened at the pits a few days ago . 
 the lord ruler is n't going to be happy when he discovers it . '' 
 he stepped back , waving over his lead narrowboat captain . 
 skaa rebellion , elend thought , still a little numb . 
 what was it that temadre warned in his writings ? 
 that , when a real rebellion ﬁnally came , the skaa would slaughter wantonly ... that every nobleman 's life would be forfeit . 
 he predicted that the rebellion would die out quickly , but that it would leave piles of corpses in its wake . 
 thousands of deaths . 
 tens of thousands . 
 `` well , boy ? '' 
 lord venture demanded . 
 `` go and organize your things . '' 
 `` i 'm not going , '' elend surprised himself by saying . 
 lord venture frowned . 
 `` what ? '' 
 elend looked up . 
 `` i 'm not going , father . '' 
 `` oh , you 're going , '' lord venture said , eyeing elend with one of his glares . 
 elend looked into those eyes-eyes that were angry not because they cared for elend 's safety , but because elend dared defy them . 
 and , strangely , elend did n't feel the least bit cowed . 
 someone has to stop this . 
 the rebellion could do some good , but only if the skaa do n't insist on slaughtering their allies . 
 and , that 's what the nobility should be-their allies against the lord ruler . 
 he 's our enemy too . 
 `` father , i 'm serious , '' elend said . 
 `` i 'm going to stay . '' 
 `` bloody hell , boy ! 
 must you insist on mocking me ? '' 
 `` this is n't about balls or luncheons , father . 
 it 's about something more important . '' 
 lord venture paused . 
 `` no ﬂippant comments ? 
 no buffoonery ? '' 
 elend shook his head . 
 suddenly , lord venture smiled . 
 `` stay then , boy . 
 that 's a good idea . 
 someone should maintain our presence here while i go rally our forces . 
 yes ... a very good idea . '' 
 elend paused , frowning slightly at the smile in his father 's eyes . 
 the atium-father is setting me up to fall in his place ! 
 and ... even if the lord ruler does n't kill me , father assumes i 'll die in the rebellion . 
 either way , he 's rid of me . 
 i 'm really not very good at this , am i ? 
 lord venture laughed to himself , turning . 
 `` at least leave me some soldiers , '' elend said . 
 `` you can have most of them , '' lord venture said . 
 `` it will be hard enough to get one boat out in this mess . 
 good luck , boy . 
 say hello to the lord ruler in my absence . '' 
 he laughed again , moving toward his stallion , which was saddled and readied outside . 
 elend stood in the hall , and suddenly he was the focus of attention . 
 nervous guards and servants , realizing that they 'd been abandoned , turned to elend with desperate eyes . 
 i 'm ... in charge , elend thought with shock . 
 now what ? 
 outside , he could see the mists ﬂaring with the light of burning ﬁres . 
 several of the guards were yelling about an approaching mob of skaa . 
 elend walked to the open doorway , staring out into the chaos . 
 the hall grew quiet behind him , terriﬁed people realizing the extent of their danger . 
 elend stood for a long moment . 
 then he spun . 
 `` captain ! '' 
 he said . 
 `` gather your forces and the remaining servants - do n't leave anyone behind-then march to keep lekal . '' 
 `` keep ... lekal , my lord ? '' 
 `` it 's more defensible , '' elend said . 
 `` plus , both of us have too few soldiers-separated , we 'll be destroyed . 
 together , we might be able to stand . 
 we 'll offer our men to the lekal in exchange for protecting our people . '' 
 `` but . . 
 my lord , '' the soldier said . 
 `` the lekal are your enemies . '' 
 elend nodded . 
 `` yes , but someone needs to make the ﬁrst overture . 
 now , get moving ! '' 
 the man saluted , then rushed into motion . 
 `` oh , and captain ? '' 
 elend said . 
 the soldier paused . 
 `` pick out ﬁve of your best soldiers to be my honor guard . 
 i 'll be leaving you in charge-those ﬁve and i have another mission . '' 
 `` my lord ? '' 
 the captain asked with confusion . 
 `` what mission ? '' 
 elend turned back toward the mists . 
 `` we 're going to go turn ourselves in . '' 
 vin awoke to wetness . 
 she coughed , then groaned , feeling a sharp pain in the back of her skull . 
 she opened dizzy eyes - blinking away the water that had been thrown on her-and immediately burned pewter and tin , bringing herself completely awake . 
 a pair of rough hands hoisted her into the air . 
 she coughed as the inquisitor shoved something into her mouth . 
 `` swallow , '' he ordered , twisting her arm . 
 vin cried out , trying without success to resist the pain . 
 eventually , she gave in and swallowed the bit of metal . 
 `` now burn it , '' the inquisitor ordered , twisting harder . 
 vin resisted nonetheless , sensing the unfamiliar metal reserve within her . 
 the inquisitor could be trying to get her to burn a useless metal , one that would make her sick-or , worse , kill her . 
 but , there are easier ways to kill a captive , she thought in agony . 
 her arm hurt so much that it felt like it would twist free . 
 finally , vin relented , burning the metal . 
 immediately , all of her other metal reserves vanished . 
 `` good , '' the inquisitor said , dropping her to the ground . 
 the stones were wet , pooled with a bucketful of water . 
 the inquisitor turned , leaving the cell and slamming its barred door ; then he disappeared through a doorway on the other side of the room . 
 vin crawled to her knees , massaging her arm , trying to sort out what was going on . 
 my metals ! 
 she searched desperately inside , but she found nothing . 
 she could n't feel any metals , not even the one she had ingested moments before . 
 what was it ? 
 a twelfth metal ? 
 perhaps allomancy was n't as limited as kelsier and the others had always assured her . 
 she took a few deep breaths , climbing to her knees , calming herself . 
 there was something ... pushing against her . 
 the lord ruler 's presence . 
 she could feel it , though it was n't as powerful as it had been earlier , when he had killed kelsier . 
 still , she did n't have copper to burn-she had no way to hide from the lord ruler 's powerful , almost omnipotent , hand . 
 she felt depression twisting her , telling her to just lie down , to give up ... no ! 
 she thought . 
 i have to get out . 
 i have to stay strong ! 
 she forced herself to stand and inspect her surroundings . 
 her prison was more like a cage than a cell . 
 it had bars running along three of the four sides , and it contained no furniture-not even a sleeping mat . 
 there were two other cell-cages in the room , one to either side of her . 
 she had been stripped , they had only left her with her undergarments . 
 the move was probably to make certain that she did n't have any hidden metals . 
 she glanced around the room . 
 it was long and thin , and had stark stone walls . 
 a stool sat in one corner , but the room was otherwise empty . 
 if i could ﬁnd just a bit of metal ... she began to search . 
 instinctively , she tried to burn iron , expecting the blue lines to appear-but , of course , she had no iron to burn . 
 she shook her head at the foolish move , but it was simply a sign of how much she 'd come to rely on her allomancy . 
 she felt ... blinded . 
 she could n't burn tin to listen for voices . 
 she could n't burn pewter to strengthen her against the pain of her hurting arm and head . 
 she could n't burn bronze to search for nearby allomancers . 
 nothing . 
 she had nothing . 
 you functioned without allomancy before , she told herself sternly . 
 you can do it now . 
 even so , she searched the bare ﬂoor of her cell , hoping for the chance existence of a discarded pin or nail . 
 she found nothing , so she turned her attention to the bars . 
 however , she could n't think of a way to get off even a ﬂake of the iron . 
 so much metal here , she thought with frustration . 
 and i ca n't use any of it ! 
 she sat back on the ground , huddling up against the stone wall , shivering quietly in her damp clothing . 
 it was still dark outside ; the room 's window casually allowed in a few trails of mist . 
 what had happened with the rebellion ? 
 what about her friends ? 
 she thought that the mists outside looked a bit brighter than usual . 
 torchlight in the night ? 
 without tin , her senses were too weak to tell . 
 what was i thinking ? 
 she thought with despair . 
 did i presume to succeed where kelsier had failed ? 
 he knew that the eleventh metal was useless . 
 it had done something , true-but it certainly had n't killed the lord ruler . 
 she sat , thinking , trying to ﬁgure out what had happened . 
 there had been an odd familiarity about the things the eleventh metal had shown her . 
 not because of the way the visions had appeared , but because of the way vin had felt when burning the metal . 
 gold . 
 the moment when i burned the eleventh metal felt like that time when kelsier had me burn gold . 
 could it be that the eleventh metal was n't really `` eleventh '' at all ? 
 gold and atium had always seemed oddly paired to vin . 
 all of the other metals came in pairs that were similar-a base metal , then its alloy , each doing opposite things . 
 iron pulled , steel pushed . 
 zinc pulled , brass pushed . 
 it made sense . 
 all except for atium and gold . 
 what if the eleventh metal was really an alloy of atium or of gold ? 
 it would mean ... that gold and atium are n't paired . 
 they do two different things . 
 similar , but different . 
 they 're like . . 
 like the other metals , which were grouped into larger bases of four . 
 there were the physical metals : iron , steel , tin , and pewter . 
 the mental metals : bronze , copper , zinc , and brass . 
 and ... there were the time-affecting metals : gold and its alloy , and atium and its alloy . 
 that means there 's another metal . 
 one that has n't been discovered-probably because atium and gold are too valuable to forge into different alloys . 
 but , what good was the knowledge ? 
 her `` eleventh metal '' was probably just a paired opposite of gold-the metal kelsier had told her was the most useless of them all . 
 gold had shown vin herself-or , at least , a different version of her that had felt real enough to touch . 
 but , it had simply been a vision of what she could have become , had the past been different . 
 the eleventh metal had done something similar : instead of showing vin 's own past , it had shown her similar images from other people . 
 and that told her . . 
 nothing . 
 what difference did it make what the lord ruler could have been ? 
 it was the current man , the tyrant that ruled the final empire , that she had to defeat . 
 a ﬁgure appeared in the doorway-an inquisitor dressed in a black robe , the hood up . 
 his face was shadowed , but his spike-heads jutted from the front of the cowl . 
 `` it is time , '' he said . 
 another inquisitor waited in the doorway as the ﬁrst creature pulled out a set of keys and moved to open vin 's door . 
 vin tensed . 
 the door clicked , and she sprang to her feet , scrambling forward . 
 have i always been this slow without pewter ? 
 she thought with horror . 
 the inquisitor snatched her arm as she passed , his motions unconcerned , almost casual-and she could see why . 
 his hands moved supernaturally quickly , making her seem even more sluggish by comparison . 
 the inquisitor pulled her up , twisting her and easily holding her . 
 he smiled with an evil grin , his face pocked with scars . 
 scars that looked like . . 
 arrowhead wounds , she thought with shock . 
 but ... healed already ? 
 how can it be ? 
 she struggled , but her weak , pewterless body was no match for the inquisitor 's strength . 
 the creature carried her toward the doorway , and the second inquisitor stepped back , regarding her with spikes that peeked out from beneath its cowl . 
 though the inquisitor who carried her was smiling , this second one had a ﬂat line of a mouth . 
 vin spat at the second inquisitor as she passed , her spittle smacking it right on one of its spike-heads . 
 her captor carried her out of the chamber and through a narrow hallway . 
 she cried out for help , knowing that her screams-in the middle of kredik shaw itself-would be useless . 
 at least she succeeded in annoying the inquisitor , for he twisted her arm . 
 `` quiet , '' he said as she grunted in pain . 
 vin fell silent , instead focusing on their location . 
 they were probably in one of the lower sections of the palace ; the hallways were too long to be in a tower or spire . 
 the decorations were lavish , but the rooms looked ... unused . 
 the carpets were pristine , the furniture unmarked by scuff or scratch . 
 she had the feeling that the murals were rarely seen , even by those who often passed through the chambers . 
 eventually , the inquisitors entered a stairwell and began to climb . 
 one of the spires , she thought . 
 with each climbing step , vin could feel the lord ruler getting closer . 
 his mere presence dampened her emotions , stealing her willpower , making her numb to everything but lonely depression . 
 she sagged in the inquisitor 's grip , no longer struggling . 
 it took all of her energy to simply resist the lord ruler 's pressure on her soul . 
 after a short time in the tunnel-like stairwell , the inquisitors carried her out into a large , circular room . 
 and , despite the power of the lord ruler 's soothing , despite her visits to noble keeps , vin took just a brief moment to stare at her surroundings . 
 they were majestic like none she 'd ever seen . 
 the room was shaped like a massive , stocky cylinder . 
 the wall-there was only one , running in a wide circle-was made entirely of glass . 
 lit by ﬁres from behind , the room glowed with spectral light . 
 the glass was colored , though it did n't depict any speciﬁc scene . 
 instead , it seemed crafted from a single sheet , the colors blown and melded together in long , thin trails . 
 like . . 
 like mist , she thought with wonder . 
 colorful streams of mist , running in a circle around the entire room . 
 the lord ruler sat in an elevated throne in the very center of the room . 
 he was n't the old lord ruler-this was the younger version , the handsome man who had killed kelsier . 
 some kind of impostor ? 
 no , i can feel him-just as i could feel the one before . 
 they 're the same man . 
 can he change how he looks , then ? 
 appearing young when he wishes to put forth a pretty face ? 
 a small group of gray-robed , eye-tattooed obligators stood conversing on the far side of the room . 
 seven inquisitors stood waiting , like a row of shadows with iron eyes . 
 that made nine of them in all , counting the two that had escorted vin . 
 her scar-faced captor delivered her to one of the others , who held her with a similarly inescapable grip . 
 `` let us be on with this , '' said the lord ruler . 
 a regular obligator stepped forward , bowing . 
 with a chill , she realized that she recognized him . 
 lord prelan tevidian , she thought , eyeing the thin balding man . 
 my ... father . 
 `` my lord , '' tevidian said , `` forgive me , but i do not understand . 
 we have already discussed this matter ! '' 
 `` the inquisitors say they have more to add , '' the lord ruler said in a tired voice . 
 tevidian eyed vin , frowning in confusion . 
 he does n't know who i am , she thought . 
 he never knew he was a father . 
 `` my lord , '' tevidian said , turning away from her . 
 `` look outside your window ! 
 do we not have better things to discuss ? 
 the entire city is in rebellion ! 
 skaa torches light up the night , and they dare go out into the mists . 
 they blaspheme in riots , attacking the keeps of the nobility ! '' 
 `` let them , '' the lord ruler said in an uncaring voice . 
 he seemed so ... worn . 
 he sat strongly on his throne , but there was still a weariness to his posture and his voice . 
 `` but my lord ! '' 
 tevidian said . 
 `` the great houses are falling ! '' 
 the lord ruler waved a dismissive hand . 
 `` it is good for them to get purged every century or so . 
 it fosters instability , keeps the aristocracy from growing too conﬁdent . 
 usually , i let them kill each other in one of their foolish wars , but these riots will work . '' 
 `` and ... if the skaa come to the palace ? '' 
 `` then i will deal with them , '' the lord ruler said softly . 
 `` you will not question this further . '' 
 `` yes , my lord , '' tevidian said , bowing and backing away . 
 `` now , '' the lord ruler said , turning to the inquisitors . 
 `` what is it you wished to present ? '' 
 the scarred inquisitor stepped forward . 
 `` lord ruler , we wish to petition that leadership of your ministry be taken from these ... men and granted to the inquisitors instead . '' 
 `` we have discussed this , '' the lord ruler said . 
 `` you and your brothers are needed for more important tasks . 
 you are too valuable to waste on simple administration . '' 
 `` but , '' the inquisitor said , `` by allowing common men to rule your ministry , you have unwittingly allowed corruption and vice to enter the very heart of your holy palace ! '' 
 `` idle claims ! '' 
 tevidian spat . 
 `` you say such things often , kar , but you never offer any proof . '' 
 kar turned slowly , his eerie smile lit by the twisting , colored windowlight . 
 vin shivered . 
 that smile was nearly as unsettling as the lord ruler 's soothing . 
 `` proof ? '' 
 kar asked . 
 `` why , tell me , lord prelan . 
 do you recognize that girl ? '' 
 `` bah , of course not ! '' 
 tevidian said with a wave of his hand . 
 `` what does a skaa girl have to do with the government of the ministry ? '' 
 `` everything , '' kar said , turning to vin . 
 `` oh , yes ... everything . 
 tell the lord ruler who your father is , child . '' 
 vin tried to squirm , but the lord ruler 's allomancy was so oppressive , the inquisitor 's hands were so strong . 
 `` i do n't know , '' she managed to say through gritted teeth . 
 the lord ruler perked up slightly , turning toward her , leaning forward . 
 `` you can not lie to the lord ruler , child , '' kar said in a quiet , rasping voice . 
 `` he has lived for centuries , and has learned to use allomancy like no mortal man . 
 he can see things in the way your heart beats , and can read your emotions in your eyes . 
 he can sense the moment when you lie . 
 he knows . . 
 oh , yes . 
 he knows . '' 
 `` i never knew my father , '' vin said stubbornly . 
 if the inquisitor wanted to know something , then keeping it a secret seemed like a good idea . 
 `` i 'm just a street urchin . '' 
 `` a mistborn street urchin ? '' 
 kar asked . 
 `` why , that 's interesting . 
 is n't it , tevidian ? '' 
 the lord prelan paused , his frown deepening . 
 the lord ruler stood slowly , walking down the steps of his dais toward vin . 
 `` yes , my lord , '' kar said . 
 `` you felt her allomancy earlier . 
 you know that she is a full mistborn-an amazingly powerful one . 
 yet , she claims to have grown up on the street . 
 what noble house would have abandoned such a child ? 
 why , for her to have such strength , she must be of an extremely pure line . 
 at least . . 
 one of her parents must have been from a very pure line . '' 
 `` what are you implying ? '' 
 tevidian demanded , paling . 
 the lord ruler ignored them both . 
 he strode through the streaming colors of the reﬂective ﬂoor , then stopped right in front of vin . 
 so close , she thought . 
 his soothing was so strong that she could n't even feel terror-all she felt was the deep , overpowering , horrible sorrow . 
 the lord ruler reached out with delicate hands , taking her by the cheeks , tilting her face up to look into his eyes . 
 `` who is your father , girl ? '' 
 he asked quietly . 
 `` i. . . '' 
 despair twisted inside of her . 
 grief , pain , a desire to die . 
 the lord ruler held her face close to his own , looking into her eyes . 
 in that moment , she knew the truth . 
 she could see a piece of him ; she could sense his power . 
 his ... godlike power . 
 he was n't worried about the skaa rebellion . 
 why would he have to worry ? 
 if he wished , he could slaughter every person in the city by himself . 
 vin knew it to be the truth . 
 it might take him time , but he could kill forever , tirelessly . 
 he need fear no rebellion . 
 he 'd never needed to . 
 kelsier had made a terrible , terrible mistake . 
 `` your father , child , '' the lord ruler prompted , his demand like a physical weight upon her soul . 
 vin spoke despite herself . 
 `` my ... brother told me that my father was that man over there . 
 the lord prelan . '' 
 tears rolled down her cheeks , though when the lord ruler turned from her , she could n't quite remember why she had been crying . 
 `` it 's a lie , my lord ! '' 
 tevidian said , backing away . 
 `` what does she know ? 
 she 's just a silly child . '' 
 `` tell me truthfully , tevidian , '' the lord ruler said , walking slowly toward the obligator . 
 `` have you ever bedded a skaa woman ? '' 
 the obligator paused . 
 `` i followed the law ! 
 each time , i had them slain afterward . '' 
 `` you ... lie , '' the lord ruler said , as if surprised . 
 `` you 're uncertain . '' 
 tevidian was visibly shaking . 
 `` i. . . 
 i think i got them all , my lord . 
 there ... there was one i may have been too lax with . 
 i did n't know she was skaa at ﬁrst . 
 the soldier i sent to kill her was too lenient , and he let her go . 
 but i found her , eventually . '' 
 `` tell me , '' the lord ruler said . 
 `` did this woman bear any children ? '' 
 the room fell silent . 
 `` yes , my lord , '' the high prelan said . 
 the lord ruler closed his eyes , sighing . 
 he turned back toward his throne . 
 `` he is yours , '' he said to the inquisitors . 
 immediately , six inquisitors dashed across the room , howling in joy , pulling obsidian knives from sheaths beneath their robes . 
 tevidian raised his arms , crying out as the inquisitors fell on him , exulting in their brutality . 
 blood ﬂew as they plunged their daggers over and over again into the dying man . 
 the other obligators backed away , looking on in horror . 
 kar remained behind , smiling as he watched the massacre , as did the inquisitor who was vin 's captor . 
 one other inquisitor remained back as well , though vin did n't know why . 
 `` your point is proven , kar , '' the lord ruler said , sitting wearily on his throne . 
 `` it seems that i have trusted too much in the ... obedience of mankind . 
 i did not make a mistake . 
 i have never made a mistake . 
 however , it is time for a change . 
 gather the high prelans and bring them here-rouse them from their beds , if need be . 
 they will witness as i grant the canton of inquisition command and authority over the ministry . '' 
 kar 's smile deepened . 
 `` the half-breed child will be destroyed . '' 
 `` of course , my lord , '' kar said . 
 `` though ... there are some questions i wish to ask her ﬁrst . 
 she was part of a team of skaa mistings . 
 if she can help us locate the others ... '' `` very well , '' the lord ruler said . 
 `` that is your duty , after all . '' 
 is there anything more beautiful than the sun ? 
 i often watch it rise , for my restless sleep usually awakens me before dawn . 
 each time i see its calm yellow light peeking above the horizon , i grow a little more determined , a little more hopeful . 
 in a way , it is the thing that has kept me going all this time . 
 37 kelsier , you cursed lunatic , dockson thought , scribbling notes on the table map , why do you always just saunter away , leaving me to handle your messes ? 
 however , he knew his frustration was n't real-it was simply a way of keeping himself from focusing on kell 's death . 
 it worked . 
 kelsier 's part in the plan-the vision , the charismatic leadership-was ﬁnished . 
 now it was dockson 's turn . 
 he took kelsier 's original strategy and modiﬁed it . 
 he was careful to keep the chaos at a manageable level , rationing the best equipment to the men who seemed the most stable . 
 he sent contingents to capture points of interest-food and water deposits-before general rioting could steal them . 
 in short , he did what he always did : he made kelsier 's dreams become reality . 
 a disturbance came from the front of the room , and dockson looked up as a messenger rushed in . 
 the man immediately sought out dockson at the center of the warehouse . 
 `` what news ? '' 
 dockson asked as the man approached . 
 the messenger shook his head . 
 he was a young man , in an imperial uniform , though he had removed the jacket to make himself look less obtrusive . 
 `` i 'm sorry , sir , '' the man said quietly . 
 `` none of the guards have seen her come out , and ... well , one claimed he saw her being carried toward the palace dungeons . '' 
 `` can you get her out ? '' 
 dockson asked . 
 the soldier-goradel-paled . 
 until just a short time before , goradel had been one of the lord ruler 's own men . 
 in truth , dockson was n't even certain how much he trusted the man . 
 yet , the soldier-as a former palace guardsman-could get into places that other skaa could not . 
 his former allies did n't know he 'd switched sides . 
 assuming he really has switched sides , dockson thought . 
 but ... well , things were moving too quickly now for self-doubt . 
 dockson had decided to use this man . 
 he 'd have to trust his initial instincts . 
 `` well ? '' 
 dockson repeated . 
 goradel shook his head . 
 `` there was an inquisitor holding her captive , sir . 
 i could n't free her-i would n't have the authority . 
 i do n't ... i. . . '' 
 dockson sighed . 
 damn fool girl ! 
 he thought . 
 she should have had better sense than this . 
 kelsier must have rubbed off on her . 
 he waved the soldier away , then looked up as hammond walked in , a large sword with a broken hilt resting on his shoulder . 
 `` it 's done , '' ham said . 
 `` keep elariel just fell . 
 looks like lekal is still holding , however . '' 
 dockson nodded . 
 `` we 'll need your men at the palace soon . '' 
 the sooner we break in there , the better chance we have of saving vin . 
 however , his instincts told him that they 'd be too late to help her . 
 the main forces would take hours to gather and organize ; he wanted to attack the palace with all of their armies in tandem . 
 the truth was he just could n't afford to spare men on a rescue operation at the moment . 
 kelsier would probably have gone after her , but dockson would n't let himself do something that brash . 
 as he always said-someone on the crew needed to be realistic . 
 the palace was not a place to attack without substantial preparation ; vin 's failure proved that much . 
 she 'd just have to look after herself for the moment . 
 `` i 'll get my men ready , '' ham said , nodding as he tossed his sword aside . 
 `` i 'm going to need a new sword , though . '' 
 dockson sighed . 
 `` you thugs . 
 always breaking things . 
 go see what you can ﬁnd , then . '' 
 ham moved off . 
 `` if you see sazed , '' dockson called , `` tell him that ... '' dockson paused , his attention drawn by a group of skaa rebels who marched into the room , pulling a bound prisoner with a cloth sack on his head . 
 `` what is this ? '' 
 dockson demanded . 
 one of the rebels elbowed his captive . 
 `` i think he 's someone important , m ` lord . 
 came to us unarmed , asked to be brought to you . 
 promised us gold if we did it . '' 
 dockson raised an eyebrow . 
 the grunt pulled off the hood , revealing elend venture . 
 dockson blinked in surprise . 
 `` you ? '' 
 elend looked around . 
 he was apprehensive , obviously , but held himself well , all things considered . 
 `` have we met ? '' 
 `` not exactly , '' dockson said . 
 blast . 
 i do n't have time for captives right now . 
 still , the son of the ventures ... dockson was going to need leverage with the powerful nobility when the ﬁghting was over . 
 `` i 've come to offer you a truce , '' elend venture said . '' 
 ... excuse me ? '' 
 dockson asked . 
 `` house venture will not resist you , '' elend said . 
 `` and i can probably talk the rest of the nobility into listening as well . 
 they 're frightened-there 's no need to slaughter them . '' 
 dockson snorted . 
 `` i ca n't exactly leave hostile armed forces in the city . '' 
 `` if you destroy the nobility , you wo n't be able to hold on for very long , '' elend said . 
 `` we control the economy-the empire will collapse without us . '' 
 `` that is kind of the point of this all , '' dockson said . 
 `` look , i do n't have time - '' `` you must hear me out , '' elend venture said desperately . 
 `` if you start your rebellion with chaos and bloodshed , you 'll lose it . 
 i 've studied these things ; i know what i 'm talking about ! 
 when the momentum of your initial conﬂict runs out , the people will start looking for other things to destroy . 
 they 'll turn on themselves . 
 you must keep control of your armies . '' 
 dockson paused . 
 elend venture was supposed to be a fool and a fop , but now he just seemed ... earnest . 
 `` i 'll help you , '' elend said . 
 `` leave the noblemen 's keeps alone and focus your efforts on the ministry and the lord ruler-they 're your real enemies . '' 
 `` look , '' dockson said , `` i 'll pull our armies away from keep venture . 
 there 's probably no need to ﬁght them now that - '' `` i sent my soldiers to keep lekal , '' elend said . 
 `` pull your men away from all the nobility . 
 they 're not going to attack your ﬂanks-they 'll just hole up in their mansions and worry . '' 
 he 's probably right about that . 
 `` we 'll consider . . '' 
 dockson trailed off , noticing that elend was n't paying attention to him anymore . 
 blasted hard man to have a conversation with . 
 elend was staring at hammond , who had returned with a new sword . 
 elend frowned , then his eyes opened wide . 
 `` i know you ! 
 you were the one who rescued lord renoux 's servants from the executions ! '' 
 elend turned back to dockson , suddenly eager . 
 `` do you know valette , then ? 
 she 'll tell you to listen to me . '' 
 dockson shared a look with ham . 
 `` what ? '' 
 elend asked . 
 `` vin ... '' dockson said . 
 `` valette ... she went into the palace a few hours back . 
 i 'm sorry , lad . 
 she 's probably in the lord ruler 's dungeons right now-assuming she 's even still alive . '' 
 kar tossed vin back into her cell . 
 she hit the ground hard and rolled , her loose undershirt twisting around her , her head knocking against the cell 's back wall . 
 the inquisitor smiled , slamming the door . 
 `` thank you very much , '' he said through the bars . 
 `` you just helped us achieve something that has been a long time in coming . '' 
 vin glared up at him , the effects of the lord ruler 's soothing weaker now . 
 `` it is unfortunate that bendal is n't here , '' kar said . 
 `` he chased your brother for years , swearing that tevidian had fathered a skaa half-breed . 
 poor bendal ... if only the lord ruler had left the survivor to us , so that we could have had revenge . '' 
 he looked over at her , shaking his spike-eyed head . 
 `` ah , well . 
 he was vindicated in the end . 
 the rest of us believed your brother , but bendal ... even then he was n't convinced - and he found you in the end . '' 
 `` my brother ? '' 
 vin said , scrambling to her feet . 
 `` he sold me out ? '' 
 `` sold you out ? '' 
 kar said . 
 `` he died promising us that you had starved to death years ago ! 
 he screamed it night and day beneath the hands of ministry torturers . 
 it is very hard to hold out against the pains of an inquisitor 's torture ... something you shall soon discover . '' 
 he smiled . 
 `` but , ﬁrst , let me show you something . '' 
 a group of guards dragged a nak * d , bound ﬁgure into the room . 
 bruised and bleeding , the man stumbled to the stone ﬂoor as they pushed him into the cell beside vin 's . 
 `` sazed ? '' 
 vin cried , rushing to the bars . 
 the terrisman lay groggily as the soldiers tied his hands and feet to a small metal ring set into the stone ﬂoor . 
 he had been beaten so severely that he barely seemed conscious , and he was completely nak * d. vin turned away from his nudity , but not before she saw the place between his legs-a simple , empty scar where his manhood should have been . 
 all terrisman stewards are eunuchs , he had told her . 
 that wound was n't new-but the bruises , cuts , and scrapes were fresh . 
 `` we found him sneaking into the palace after you , '' kar said . 
 `` apparently , he feared for your safety . '' 
 `` what have you done to him ? '' 
 she asked quietly . 
 `` oh , very little ... so far , '' kar said . 
 `` now , you may wonder why i spoke to you of your brother . 
 perhaps you think me a fool for admitting that your brother 's mind snapped before we drew out his secret . 
 but , you see , i am not so much a fool that i will not admit a mistake . 
 we should have drawn out your brother 's torture ... made him suffer longer . 
 that was an error indeed . '' 
 he smiled wickedly , nodding to sazed . 
 `` we wo n't make that mistake again , child . 
 no-this time , we 're going to try a different tactic . 
 we 're going to let you watch us torture the terrisman . 
 we 're going to be very careful , making certain his pain is lasting , and quite vibrant . 
 when you tell us what we want to know , we 'll stop . '' 
 vin shivered in horror . 
 `` no ... please ... '' `` oh , yes , '' kar said . 
 `` why do n't you take some time to think about what we 're going to do to him ? 
 the lord ruler has commanded my presence-i need to go and receive formal leadership of the ministry . 
 we 'll begin when i return . '' 
 he turned , black robe sweeping the ground . 
 the guards followed , likely taking positions in the guard chamber just outside the room . 
 `` oh , sazed , '' vin said , sinking to her knees beside the bars of her cage . 
 `` now , mistress , '' sazed said in a surprisingly lucid voice . 
 `` what did we tell you about running around in your undergarments ? 
 why , if master dockson were here , he would scold you for certain . '' 
 vin looked up , shocked . 
 sazed was smiling at her . 
 `` sazed ! '' 
 she said quietly , glancing in the direction the guards had gone . 
 `` you 're awake ? '' 
 `` very awake , '' he said . 
 his calm , strong voice was a stark contrast to his bruised body . 
 `` i 'm sorry , sazed , '' she said . 
 `` why did you follow me ? 
 you should have stayed back and let me be stupid on my own ! '' 
 he turned a bruised head toward her , one eye swollen , but the other looking into her eyes . 
 `` mistress , '' he said solemnly , `` i vowed to master kelsier that i would see to your safety . 
 the oath of a terrisman is not something given lightly . '' 
 `` but ... you should have known you 'd be captured , '' she said , looking down in shame . 
 `` of course i knew , mistress , '' he said . 
 `` why , how else was i going to get them to bring me to you ? '' 
 vin looked up . 
 `` bring you ... to me ? '' 
 `` yes , mistress . 
 there is one thing that the ministry and my own people have in common , i think . 
 they both underestimate the things that we can accomplish . '' 
 he closed his eyes . 
 and then , his body changed . 
 it seemed to ... deﬂate , the muscles growing weak and scrawny , the ﬂesh hanging loosely on his bones . 
 `` sazed ! '' 
 vin cried out , pushing herself against the bars , trying to reach him . 
 `` it is all right , mistress , '' he said in a faint , frighteningly weak voice . 
 `` i just need a moment to ... gather my strength . '' 
 gather my strength . 
 vin paused , lowering her hand , watching sazed for a few minutes . 
 could it be ... he looked so weak-as if his strength , his very muscles , were being drawn away . 
 and perhaps ... stored somewhere ? 
 sazed 's eyes snapped open . 
 his body returned to normal ; then his muscles continued to grow , becoming large and powerful , growing bigger , even , than ham 's . 
 sazed smiled at her from a head sitting atop a beefy , muscular neck ; then he easily snapped his bindings . 
 he stood , a massive , inhumanly muscular man-so different from the lanky , quiet scholar she had known . 
 the lord ruler spoke of their strength in his logbook , she thought with wonder . 
 he said the man rashek lifted a boulder by himself and threw it out of their way . 
 `` but , they took all of your jewelry ! '' 
 vin said . 
 `` where did you hide the metal ? '' 
 sazed smiled , grabbing the bars separating their cages . 
 `` i took a hint from you , mistress . 
 i swallowed it . '' 
 with that , he ripped the bars free . 
 she ran into the cage , embracing him . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 `` of course , '' he said , gently pushing her aside , then slamming a massive palm against the door to his cell , breaking the lock , sending the door crashing open . 
 `` quickly now , mistress , '' sazed said . 
 `` we must get you to safety . '' 
 the two guards who had thrown sazed into the chamber appeared in the doorway a second later . 
 they froze , staring up at the massive beast who stood in place of the weak man they had beaten . 
 sazed jumped forward , holding one of the bars from vin 's cage . 
 his feruchemy , however , had obviously given him strength only , no speed . 
 he stepped with a lumbering gait , and the guards dashed away , crying for help . 
 `` come now , mistress , '' sazed said , tossing aside the bar . 
 `` my strength will not last long-the metal i swallowed was n't large enough to hold much of a feruchemical charge . '' 
 even as he spoke , he began to shrink . 
 vin moved past him , scrambling out of the room . 
 the guard chamber beyond was quite small , set with only a pair of chairs . 
 beneath one , however , she found a cloak rolled around one of the guards ' evening meals . 
 vin shook the cloak free , tossing it to sazed . 
 `` thank you , mistress , '' he said . 
 she nodded , moving to the doorway and peeking out . 
 the larger room outside was empty , and had two hallways leading off of it-one going right , one extending into the distance across from her . 
 the wall to her left was lined with wooden trunks , and the center of the room held a large table . 
 vin shivered as she saw the dried blood and the set of sharp instruments lying in a row on the table 's side . 
 this is where we 'll both end up if we do n't move quickly , she thought , waving sazed forward . 
 she froze mid-step as a group of soldiers appeared in the far hallway , led by one of the guards from before . 
 vin cursed quietly-she would have heard them earlier if she 'd had tin . 
 vin glanced backward . 
 sazed was hobbling through the guard chamber . 
 his feruchemical strength was gone , and the soldiers had obviously beaten him soundly before tossing him into the cell . 
 he could barely walk . 
 `` go , mistress ! '' 
 he said , waving her forward . 
 `` run ! '' 
 you still have some things to learn about friendship , vin , kelsier 's voice whispered in her mind . 
 i hope someday you realize what they are ... i ca n't leave him . 
 i wo n't . 
 vin dashed toward the soldiers . 
 she swiped a pair of torturing knives from the table , their bright , polished steel glistening between her ﬁngers . 
 she jumped atop the table , then leapt off of it toward the oncoming soldiers . 
 she had no allomancy , but she ﬂew true anyway , her months of practice helping despite her lack of metals . 
 she slammed a knife into a surprised soldier 's neck as she fell . 
 she hit the ground harder than she had expected , but managed to scramble away from a second soldier , who cursed and swung at her . 
 the sword clanged against the stone behind her . 
 vin spun , slashing another soldier across the thighs . 
 he stumbled back in pain . 
 too many , she thought . 
 there were at least two dozen of them . 
 she tried to jump for a third soldier , but another man swung his quarterstaff , slamming the weapon into vin 's side . 
 she grunted in pain , dropping her knife as she was thrown to the side . 
 no pewter strengthened her against the fall , and she hit the hard stones with a crack , rolling to a dazed stop beside the wall . 
 she struggled , unsuccessfully , to rise . 
 to her side , she could barely make out sazed collapsing as his body grew suddenly weak . 
 he was trying to store up strength again . 
 he would n't have enough time . 
 the soldiers would be on him soon . 
 at least i tried , she thought as she heard another group of soldiers charging down the rightmost hallway . 
 at least i did n't abandon him . 
 i think ... think that 's what kelsier meant . 
 `` valette ! '' 
 a familiar voice cried . 
 vin looked up with shock as elend and six soldiers burst into the room . 
 elend wore a nobleman 's suit , a little ill-ﬁtting , and carried a dueling cane . 
 `` elend ? '' 
 vin asked , dumbfounded . 
 `` are you all right ? '' 
 he said with concern , stepping toward her . 
 then he noticed the ministry soldiers . 
 they seemed a bit confused to be confronted by a nobleman , but they still had superior numbers . 
 `` i 'm taking the girl with me ! '' 
 elend said . 
 his words were brave , but he was obviously no soldier . 
 he carried only a nobleman 's dueling cane as a weapon , and he wore no armor . 
 five of the men with him wore venture red-men from elend 's keep . 
 one , however-the one who had been leading them as they charged into the room-wore a palace guard 's uniform . 
 vin realized that she recognized him just vaguely . 
 his uniform jacket was missing the symbol on its shoulder . 
 the man from before , she thought , stupeﬁed . 
 the one i convinced to change sides . . 
 the lead ministry soldier apparently made his decision . 
 he waved curtly , ignoring elend 's command , and the soldiers began to edge around the room , moving to surround elend 's band . 
 `` valette , you have to go ! '' 
 elend said urgently , raising his dueling cane . 
 `` come , mistress , '' sazed said , reaching her side , moving to lift her to her feet . 
 `` we ca n't abandon them ! '' 
 vin said . 
 `` we have to . '' 
 `` but you came for me . 
 we have to do the same for elend ! '' 
 sazed shook his head . 
 `` that was different , child . 
 i knew i had a chance to save you . 
 you can not help here-there is beauty in compassion , but one must learn wisdom too . '' 
 she allowed herself to be pulled to her feet , elend 's soldiers obediently moving to block off the ministry soldiers . 
 elend stood at their front , obviously determined to ﬁght . 
 there has to be another way ! 
 vin thought with despair . 
 there has to ... and then she saw it sitting discarded in one of the trunks along the wall . 
 a familiar strip of gray cloth , one single tassel , hanging over the trunk 's side . 
 she pulled free of sazed as the ministry soldiers attacked . 
 elend cried out behind her , and weapons rang . 
 vin threw the top pieces of cloth-her trousers and shirt - out of the trunk . 
 and there , at the bottom , lay her mistcloak . 
 she closed her eyes and reached into the side cloak pocket . 
 her ﬁngers found a single glass vial , cork still in place . 
 she pulled the vial out , spinning toward the battle . 
 the ministry soldiers had retreated slightly . 
 two of their members lay wounded on the ﬂoor-but three of elend 's men were down . 
 the small size of the room had , fortunately , kept elend 's men from being surrounded at ﬁrst . 
 elend stood sweating , a cut in his arm , his dueling cane cracked and splintered . 
 he grabbed the sword from the man he had felled , holding the weapon in unpracticed hands , staring down a much larger force . 
 `` i was wrong about that one , mistress , '' sazed said softly . 
 `` i. . . 
 apologize . '' 
 vin smiled . 
 then she ﬂipped the cork free from her vial and downed the metals in one gulp . 
 wells of power exploded within her . 
 fires blazed , metals raging , and strength returned to her weakened , tired body like a dawning sun . 
 pains became trivial , dizziness disappeared , the room became brighter , the stones more real beneath her toes . 
 the soldiers attacked again , and elend raised his sword in a determined , but unhopeful , posture . 
 he seemed utterly shocked when vin ﬂew through the air over his head . 
 she landed amid the soldiers , blasting outward with a steelpush . 
 the soldiers on either side of her smashed into the walls . 
 one man swung a quarterstaff at her , and she slapped it away with a disdainful hand , then smashed a ﬁst into his face , spinning his head back with a crack . 
 she caught the quarterstaff as it fell , spinning , slamming it into the head of the soldier attacking elend . 
 the staff exploded , and she let it drop with the corpse . 
 the soldiers at the back began to yell , turning and dashing away as she pushed two more groups of men into the walls . 
 the ﬁnal soldier left in the room turned , surprised , as vin pulled his metal cap to her hands . 
 she pushed it back at him , smashing it into his chest and anchoring herself from behind . 
 the soldier ﬂew down the hallway toward his ﬂeeing companions , crashing into them . 
 vin breathed out in excitement , standing with tense muscles amidst the groaning men . 
 i can ... see how kelsier would get addicted to this . 
 `` valette ? '' 
 elend asked , stupeﬁed . 
 vin jumped up , grabbing him in a joyful embrace , hanging onto him tightly and burying her face into his shoulder . 
 `` you came back , '' she whispered . 
 `` you came back , you came back , you came back ... '' `` um , yes . 
 and ... i see that you 're a mistborn . 
 that 's rather interesting . 
 you know , it 's generally common courtesy to tell one 's friends about things like that . '' 
 `` sorry , '' she mumbled , still holding on to him . 
 `` well , yes , '' he said , sounding very distracted . 
 `` um , valette ? 
 what happened to your clothes ? '' 
 `` they 're on the ﬂoor over there , '' she said , looking up at him . 
 `` elend , how did you ﬁnd me ? '' 
 `` your friend , one master dockson , told me that you 'd been captured in the palace . 
 and well , this ﬁne gentleman here - captain goradel , i believe his name is-happens to be a palace soldier , and he knew the way here . 
 with his help-and as a nobleman of some rank-i was able to get into the building without much problem , and then we heard screaming down this hallway ... and , um , yes . 
 valette ? 
 do you think you could go put your clothes on ? 
 this is ... kind of distracting . '' 
 she smiled up at him . 
 `` you found me . '' 
 `` for all the good it did , '' he said wryly . 
 `` it does n't look like you needed our help very much ... '' `` that does n't matter , '' she said . 
 `` you came back . 
 no one 's ever come back before . '' 
 elend looked down at her , frowning slightly . 
 sazed approached , carrying vin 's clothing and cloak . 
 `` mistress , we need to leave . '' 
 elend nodded . 
 `` it 's not safe anywhere in the city . 
 the skaa are rebelling ! '' 
 he paused , looking at her . 
 `` but , uh , you probably already know that . '' 
 vin nodded , ﬁnally letting go of him . 
 `` i helped start it . 
 but , you 're right about the danger . 
 go with sazed-he 's known by many of the rebel leaders . 
 they wo n't hurt you as long as he vouches for you . '' 
 elend and sazed both frowned as vin pulled on her trousers . 
 in the pocket , she found her mother 's earring . 
 she put it back on . 
 `` go with sazed ? '' 
 elend asked . 
 `` but , what about you ? '' 
 vin pulled on her loose overshirt . 
 then she glanced upward ... sensing through the stone , feeling him up above . 
 he was there . 
 too powerful . 
 now , having faced him directly , she was certain of his strength . 
 the skaa rebellion was doomed as long as he lived . 
 `` i have another task , elend , '' she said , taking the mistcloak from sazed . 
 `` you think you can defeat him , mistress ? '' 
 sazed said . 
 `` i have to try , '' she said . 
 `` the eleventh metal worked , saze . 
 i saw . . 
 something . 
 kelsier was convinced it would provide the secret . '' 
 `` but . . 
 the lord ruler , mistress ... '' `` kelsier died to start this rebellion , '' vin said ﬁrmly . 
 `` i have to see that it succeeds . 
 this is my part , sazed . 
 kelsier did n't know what it was , but i do . 
 i have to stop the lord ruler . '' 
 `` the lord ruler ? '' 
 elend asked with shock . 
 `` no , valette . 
 he 's immortal ! '' 
 vin reached over , grabbing elend 's head and pulling him down to kiss her . 
 `` elend , your family delivered the atium to the lord ruler . 
 do you know where he keeps it ? '' 
 `` yes , '' he said with confusion . 
 `` he keeps the beads in a treasury building just east of here . 
 but - '' `` you have to get that atium , elend . 
 the new government is going to need that wealth-and power-if it 's going to keep from getting conquered by the ﬁrst nobleman who can raise an army . '' 
 `` no , valette , '' elend said shaking his head . 
 `` i have to get you to safety . '' 
 she smiled at him , then turned to sazed . 
 the terrisman nodded to her . 
 `` not going to tell me not to go ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` no , '' he said quietly . 
 `` i fear that you are right , mistress . 
 if the lord ruler is not defeated ... well , i will not stop you . 
 i will bid you , however , good luck . 
 i will come to help you once i see young venture to safety . '' 
 vin nodded , smiled at the apprehensive elend , then looked up . 
 toward the dark force waiting above , pulsing with a tired depression . 
 she burned copper , pushing aside the lord ruler 's soothing . 
 `` valette ... '' elend said quietly . 
 she turned back to him . 
 `` do n't worry , '' she said . 
 `` i think i know how to kill him . '' 
 such are my fears as i scribble with an ice-crusted pen on the eve before the world is reborn . 
 rashek watches . 
 hating me . 
 the cavern lies above . 
 pulsing . 
 my ﬁngers quiver . 
 not from the cold . 
 tomorrow it will end . 
 38 vin pushed herself through the air above kredik shaw . 
 spires and towers rose around her like the shadowed tines of some phantom monster lurking below . 
 dark , straight , and ominous , for some reason they made her think of kelsier , lying dead in the street , an obsidian-tipped spear jutting from his chest . 
 the mists spun and swirled as she blew through them . 
 they were still thick , but tin let her see a faint glistening on the horizon . 
 morning was near . 
 below her , a greater light was building . 
 vin caught hold of a thin spire , letting her momentum spin her around the slick metal , giving her a sweeping view of the area . 
 thousands of torches burned in the night , mixing and merging like luminescent insects . 
 they were organized in great waves , converging on the palace . 
 the palace guard does n't have a chance against such a force , she thought . 
 but , by ﬁghting its way into the palace , the skaa army will seal its own doom . 
 she turned to the side , the mist-wetted spire cold beneath her ﬁngers . 
 the last time she had jumped through the spires of kredik shaw , she had been bleeding and semiconscious . 
 sazed had arrived to save her , but he would n't be able to help this time . 
 a short distance away , she could see the throne tower . 
 it was n't difﬁcult to spot ; a ring of blazing bonﬁres illuminated its outside , lighting its single stained-glass window to those inside . 
 she could feel him inside . 
 she waited for a few moments , hoping , perhaps , that she might be able to attack after the inquisitors had left the room . 
 kelsier believed that the eleventh metal was the key , she thought . 
 she had one idea . 
 it would work . 
 it had to . 
 `` as of this moment , '' the lord ruler proclaimed in a loud voice , `` the canton of inquisition is granted organizational dominance of the ministry . 
 inquiries once addressed to tevidian should now go to kar . '' 
 the throne room fell silent , the collection of high-ranking obligators dumbfounded by the night 's events . 
 the lord ruler waved a hand , indicating that the meeting was ﬁnished . 
 finally ! 
 kar thought . 
 he raised his head , his eye-spikes throbbing as always , bringing him pain-but , this evening it was the pain of joy . 
 the inquisitors had been waiting for two centuries , carefully politicking , subtly encouraging corruption and dissension among the regular obligators . 
 and ﬁnally it had worked . 
 the inquisitors would no longer bow before the dictates of inferior men . 
 he turned and smiled toward the group of ministry priests , knowing full well the discomfort the gaze of an inquisitor could cause . 
 he could n't see anymore , not as he once had , but he had been given something better . 
 a command of allomancy so subtle , so detailed , that he could make out the world around him with startling accuracy . 
 almost everything had metal in it-water , stone , glass ... even human bodies . 
 these metals were too diffuse to be affected by allomancy-indeed , most allomancers could n't even sense them . 
 with his inquisitor 's eyes , however , kar could see the iron-lines of these things-the blue threads were ﬁne , nearly invisible , but they outlined the world for him . 
 the obligators before him were a shufﬂing mass of blues , their emotions - discomfort , anger , and fear-showing in their postures . 
 discomfort , anger , and fear . . 
 so sweet , all three . 
 kar 's smile widened , despite his fatigue . 
 he had been awake for too long . 
 living as an inquisitor drained the body , and he had to rest often . 
 his brethren were already shufﬂing from the room , heading toward their rest chambers , which lay intentionally close to the throne room . 
 they would sleep immediately ; with the executions earlier in the day and the excitement of the night , they would be extremely fatigued . 
 kar , however , stayed behind as both inquisitors and obligators left . 
 soon , only he and the lord ruler remained , standing in a room lit by ﬁve massive braziers . 
 the external bonﬁres slowly went out , extinguished by servants , leaving the glass panorama dark and black . 
 `` you ﬁnally have what you want , '' the lord ruler said quietly . 
 `` perhaps now i can have peace in this matter . '' 
 `` yes , lord ruler , '' kar said , bowing . 
 `` i think that ... '' a strange sound snapped in the air-a soft click . 
 kar looked up , frowning as a small disk of metal bounced across the ﬂoor , eventually rolling to a stop against his foot . 
 he picked up the coin , then looked up at the massive window , noting the small hole broken through it . 
 what ? 
 dozens more coins zipped through the window , scattering it with holes . 
 metallic clinks and tinkling glass rang in the air . 
 kar stepped back in surprise . 
 the entire southern section of the window shattered , blasting inward , the glass weakened by coins to the point that a soaring body could break through . 
 shards of colorful glass spun in the air , spraying before a small ﬁgure clad in a ﬂuttering mistcloak and carrying a pair of glittering black daggers . 
 the girl landed in a crouch , skidding a short distance on the bits of glass , mist billowing through the opening behind her . 
 it curled forward , drawn by her allomancy , swirling around her body . 
 she crouched for just a moment in the mists , as if she were some herald of the night itself . 
 then she sprang forward , dashing directly toward the lord ruler . 
 vin burned the eleventh metal . 
 the lord ruler 's past-self appeared as it had before , forming as if out of mist to stand on the dais beside the throne . 
 vin ignored the inquisitor . 
 the creature , fortunately , reacted slowly-she was halfway up the dais steps before it thought to chase her . 
 the lord ruler , however , sat quietly , watching her with a barely interested expression . 
 two spears through the chest did n't even bother him , vin thought as she leapt the last bit of distance up to the top of the dais . 
 he has nothing to fear from my daggers . 
 which was why she did n't intend to attack him with them . 
 instead , she raised her weapons and plunged directly toward the past-self 's heart . 
 her daggers hit-and passed right through the man , as if he were n't there . 
 vin stumbled forward , skidding directly through the image , nearly slipping off the dais . 
 she spun , slicing at the image again . 
 again , her daggers passed through it harmlessly . 
 it did n't even waver or distort . 
 my gold image , she thought in frustration , i was able to touch that . 
 why ca n't i touch this ? 
 it obviously did n't work the same way . 
 the shadow stood still , completely oblivious of her attacks . 
 she 'd thought that maybe , if she killed the past version of the lord ruler , his current form would die as well . 
 unfortunately , the past-self appeared to be just as insubstantial as an atium shadow . 
 she had failed . 
 kar crashed into her , his powerful inquisitor 's grip grabbing her at the shoulders , his momentum carrying her off the dais . 
 they tumbled down the back steps . 
 vin grunted , ﬂaring pewter . 
 i 'm not the same powerless girl you held prisoner just a short time ago , kar , she thought with determination , kicking him upward as they hit the ground behind the throne . 
 the inquisitor grunted , her kick tossing him into the air and ripping his grip free of her shoulders . 
 her mistcloak came off in his hands , but she ﬂipped to her feet and scrambled away . 
 `` inquisitors ! '' 
 the lord ruler bellowed , standing . 
 `` come to me ! '' 
 vin cried out , the powerful voice striking pain in her tin-enhanced ears . 
 i have to get out of here , she thought , stumbling . 
 i 'll need to come up with a different way to kill him ... kar tackled her again from behind . 
 this time he got his arms wrapped completely around her , and he squeezed . 
 vin cried out in pain , ﬂaring her pewter , pushing back , but kar forced her to her feet . 
 he dexterously wrapped one arm around her throat while pinning her own arms behind her back with his other . 
 she fought angrily , squirming and struggling , but his grip was tight . 
 she tried throwing them both back with a sudden steelpush against a doorlatch , but the anchor was too weak , and kar barely stumbled . 
 his grip held . 
 the lord ruler chuckled as he sat back down on his throne . 
 `` you 'll have little success against kar , child . 
 he was a soldier , many years ago . 
 he knows how to hold a person so that they ca n't break his grip , no matter how strong they may be . '' 
 vin continued to struggle , gasping for breath . 
 the lord ruler 's words proved true , however . 
 she tried ramming her head back against kar 's , but he was ready for this . 
 she could hear him in her ear , his quick breathing almost ... passionate as he choked her . 
 in the reﬂection on the window , she could see the door behind them open . 
 another inquisitor strode into the room , his spikes gleaming in the distorted reﬂection , his dark robe rufﬂing . 
 that 's it , she thought in a surreal moment , watching the mists on the ground before her , creeping through the shattered window wall , ﬂowing across the ﬂoor . 
 oddly , they did n't curl around her as they usually did-as if something were pushing them away . 
 to vin , it seemed a ﬁnal testament to her defeat . 
 i 'm sorry , kelsier . 
 i 've failed you . 
 the second inquisitor stepped up beside his companion . 
 then , he reached out and grabbed something at kar 's back . 
 there was a ripping sound . 
 vin dropped immediately to the ground , gasping for breath . 
 she rolled , pewter allowing her to recover quickly . 
 kar stood above her , teetering . 
 then , he toppled limply to the side , sprawling to the ground . 
 the second inquisitor stood behind him , holding what appeared to be a large metal spike-just like the ones in the inquisitor 's eyes . 
 vin glanced toward kar 's immobile body . 
 the back of his robe had been ripped , exposing a bloody hole right between the shoulder blades . 
 a hole big enough for a metal spike . 
 kar 's scarred face was pale . 
 lifeless . 
 another spike ! 
 vin thought with wonder . 
 the other inquisitor pulled it out of kar 's back , and he died . 
 that 's the secret ! 
 `` what ? '' 
 the lord ruler bellowed , standing , the sudden motion tossing his throne backwards . 
 the stone chair toppled down the steps , chipping and cracking the marble . 
 `` betrayal ! 
 from one of my own ! '' 
 the new inquisitor dashed toward the lord ruler . 
 as he ran , his robe cowl fell back , giving vin a view of his bald head . 
 there was something familiar about the newcomer 's face despite the spike-heads coming out the front-and the gruesome spike-tips jutting from the back-of his skull . 
 despite the bald head and the unfamiliar clothing , the man looked a little like kelsier . 
 no , she realized . 
 not kelsier . 
 marsh ! 
 marsh took the dais steps in twos , moving with an inquisitor 's supernatural speed . 
 vin struggled to her feet , shrugging off the effects of her near-choking . 
 her surprise , however , was more difﬁcult to dismiss . 
 marsh was alive . 
 marsh was an inquisitor . 
 the inquisitors were n't investigating him because they suspected him . 
 they intended to recruit him ! 
 and now he looked like he intended to ﬁght the lord ruler . 
 i 've got to help ! 
 perhaps ... perhaps he knows the secret to killing the lord ruler . 
 he ﬁgured out how to kill inquisitors , after all ! 
 marsh reached the top of the dais . 
 `` inquisitors ! '' 
 the lord ruler yelled . 
 `` come to - '' the lord ruler froze , noticing something sitting just outside the door . 
 a small group of steel spikes , just like the one marsh had pulled from kar 's back , lay piled on the ﬂoor . 
 there looked to be about seven of them . 
 marsh smiled , the expression looking eerily like one of kelsier 's smirks . 
 vin reached the bottom of the dais and pushed herself off a coin , throwing herself up toward the top of the platform . 
 the awesome , full power of the lord ruler 's fury hit her halfway up . 
 the depression , the anger-fueled asphyxiation of her soul , pushed through her copper , hitting her like a physical force . 
 she ﬂared copper , gasping slightly , but was n't completely able to push the lord ruler off of her emotions . 
 marsh stumbled slightly , and the lord ruler swung a backhand much like the one that had killed kelsier . 
 fortunately , marsh recovered in time to duck . 
 he spun around the lord ruler , reaching up to grab the back of the emperor 's black , robelike suit . 
 marsh yanked , ripping the cloth open along the back seam . 
 marsh froze , his spike-eyed expression unreadable . 
 the lord ruler spun , slamming his elbow into marsh 's stomach , throwing the inquisitor across the room . 
 as the lord ruler turned , vin could see what marsh had seen . 
 nothing . 
 a normal , if muscular , back . 
 unlike the inquisitors , the lord ruler did n't have a spike driven through his spine . 
 oh , marsh ... vin thought with a sinking depression . 
 it had been a clever idea , far more clever than vin 's foolish attempt with the eleventh metal-however , it had proven equally faulty . 
 marsh ﬁnally hit the ground , his head cracking , then slid across the ﬂoor until he ran into the far wall . 
 he lay slumped against the massive window , immobile . 
 `` marsh ! '' 
 she cried , jumping and pushing herself toward him . 
 however , as she ﬂew , the lord raised his hand absently . 
 vin felt a powerful ... something crash into her . 
 it felt like a steelpush , slamming against the metals inside her stomach-but of course it could n't have been that . 
 kelsier had promised that no allomancer could affect metals that were inside of someone 's body . 
 but he had also said that no allomancer could affect the emotions of a person who was burning copper . 
 discarded coins shot away from the lord ruler , streaking across the ﬂoor . 
 the doors wrenched free from their mountings , shattering and breaking away from the room . 
 incredibly , bits of colored glass even quivered and slid away from the dais . 
 and vin was tossed to the side , the metals in her stomach threatening to rip free from her body . 
 she slammed to the ground , the blow knocking her nearly unconscious . 
 she lay in a daze , addled , confused , able to think of only one thing . 
 such power . . 
 clicks sounded as the lord ruler walked down his dais . 
 he moved quietly , ripping off his torn suit coat and shirt , leaving himself bare from the waist up save for the jewelry sparkling on his ﬁngers and wrists . 
 several thin bracelets , she noticed , pierced the skin of his upper arms . 
 clever , she thought , struggling to her feet . 
 keeps them from being pushed or pulled . 
 the lord ruler shook his head regretfully , his steps kicking up trails in the cool mist that poured across the ﬂoor from the broken window . 
 he looked so strong , his torso erupting with muscles , his face handsome . 
 she could feel the power of his allomancy snapping at her emotions , barely held back by her copper . 
 `` what did you think , child ? '' 
 the lord ruler asked quietly . 
 `` to defeat me ? 
 am i some common inquisitor , my powers endowed fabrications ? '' 
 vin ﬂared pewter . 
 she then turned and dashed away - intending to grab marsh 's body and break through the glass at the other side of the room . 
 but then , he was there , moving with a speed as if to make the fury of a tornado 's winds seem sluggish . 
 even within a full pewter ﬂare , vin could n't outrun him . 
 he almost seemed casual as he reached out , grabbing her shoulder and yanking her backward . 
 he ﬂung her like a doll , tossing her toward one of the room 's massive support pillars . 
 vin quested desperately for an anchor , but he had blown all of the metal out of the room . 
 except . . 
 she pulled on one of the lord ruler 's own bracelets , ones that did n't pierce his skin . 
 he immediately whipped his arm upward , throwing off her pull , making her spin maladroitly in the air . 
 he slammed her with another of his powerful pushes , blasting her backward . 
 metals in her stomach wrenched , glass quivered , and her mother 's earring ripped free of her ear . 
 she tried to spin and hit feet-ﬁrst , but she crashed into a stone pillar at a terrible speed , and pewter failed her . 
 she heard a sickening snap , and a spear of pain shot up her right leg . 
 she collapsed to the ground . 
 she did n't have the will to look , but the agony from her torso told her that her leg jutted from beneath her body , broken at an awkward angle . 
 the lord ruler shook his head . 
 no , vin realized , he did n't worry about wearing jewelry . 
 considering his abilities and strength , a man would have to be foolish-as vin had been - to try and use the lord ruler 's jewelry as an anchor . 
 it had only let him control her jumps . 
 he stepped forward , feet clicking against broken glass . 
 `` you think this is the ﬁrst time someone has tried to kill me , child ? 
 i 've survived burnings and beheadings . 
 i 've been stabbed and sliced , crushed and dismembered . 
 i was even ﬂayed once , near the beginning . '' 
 he turned toward marsh , shaking his head . 
 strangely , vin 's earlier impression of the lord ruler returned . 
 he looked ... tired . 
 exhausted , even . 
 not his body-it was still muscular . 
 it was just his ... air . 
 she tried to climb to her feet , using the stone pillar for stability . 
 `` i am god , '' he said . 
 so different from the humble man in the logbook . 
 `` god can not be killed , '' he said . 
 `` god can not be overthrown . 
 your rebellion-you think i have n't seen its like before ? 
 you think i have n't destroyed entire armies on my own ? 
 what will it take before you people stop questioning ? 
 how many centuries must i prove myself before you idiot skaa see the truth ? 
 how many of you must i kill ! '' 
 vin cried out as she twisted her leg the wrong way . 
 she ﬂared pewter , but tears came to her eyes anyway . 
 she was running out of metals . 
 her pewter would be gone soon , and there was no way she would be able to remain conscious without it . 
 she slumped against the pillar , the lord ruler 's allomancy pressing against her . 
 the pain in her leg throbbed . 
 he 's just too strong , she thought with despair . 
 he 's right . 
 he is god . 
 what were we thinking ? 
 `` how dare you ? '' 
 the lord ruler asked , picking up marsh 's limp body with a bejeweled hand . 
 marsh groaned slightly , trying to lift his head . 
 `` how dare you ? '' 
 the lord ruler demanded again . 
 `` after what i gave you ? 
 i made you superior to regular men ! 
 i made you dominant ! '' 
 vin 's head snapped up . 
 through the haze of pain and hopelessness , something triggered a memory inside of her . 
 he keeps saying ... he keeps saying that his people should be dominant ... she reached within , feeling her last little bit of eleventh metal reserve . 
 she burned it , looking through tearstained eyes as the lord ruler held marsh in a one-handed grip . 
 the lord ruler 's past self appeared next to him . 
 a man in a fur cloak and heavy boots , a man with a full beard and strong muscles . 
 not an aristocrat or a tyrant . 
 not a hero , or even a warrior . 
 a man dressed for life in the cold mountains . 
 a herdsman . 
 or , perhaps , a packman . 
 `` rashek , '' vin whispered . 
 the lord ruler spun toward her in startlement . 
 `` rashek , '' vin said again . 
 `` that 's your name , is n't it ? 
 you are n't the man who wrote the logbook . 
 you 're not the hero that was sent to protect the people ... you 're his servant . 
 the packman who hated him . '' 
 she paused for a moment . 
 `` you ... you killed him , '' she whispered . 
 `` that 's what happened that night ! 
 that 's why the logbook stopped so suddenly ! 
 you killed the hero and took his place . 
 you went into the cavern in his stead , and you claimed the power for yourself . 
 but . . 
 instead of saving the world , you took control of it . '' 
 `` you know nothing ! '' 
 he bellowed , still holding marsh 's limp body in one hand . 
 `` you know nothing of that ! '' 
 `` you hated him , '' vin said . 
 `` you thought that a terrisman should have been the hero . 
 you could n't stand the fact that he-a man from the country that had oppressed yours-was fulﬁlling your own legends . '' 
 the lord ruler lifted a hand , and vin suddenly felt an impossible weight press against her . 
 allomancy , pushing the metals in her stomach and in her body , threatening to crush her back against the pillar . 
 she cried out , ﬂaring her last bit of pewter , struggling to remain conscious . 
 mists curled around her , creeping through the broken window and across the ﬂoor . 
 outside , through the broken window , she could hear something ringing faintly in the air . 
 it sounded like . . 
 like cheering . 
 yells of joy , thousands in chorus . 
 it sounded almost like they were cheering her on . 
 what does it matter ? 
 she thought . 
 i know the lord ruler 's secret , but what does it tell me ? 
 that he was a packman ? 
 a servant ? 
 a terrisman ? 
 a feruchemist . 
 she looked through dazed eyes , and again saw the pair of bracelets glittering on the lord ruler 's upper arms . 
 bracelets made of metal , bracelets that pierced his skin in places . 
 so ... so that they could n't be affected by allomancy . 
 why do that ? 
 he supposedly wore metal as a sign of bravado . 
 he was n't worried about people pulling or pushing against his metals . 
 or , that was what he claimed . 
 but , what if all the other metals he wore-the rings , the bracelets , the fashion that had made its way to the nobility-were simply a distraction ? 
 a distraction to keep people from focusing on this one pair of bracers , twisting around the upper arms . 
 could it really be that easy ? 
 she thought as the lord ruler 's weight threatened to crush her . 
 her pewter was nearly gone . 
 she could barely think . 
 yet , she burned iron . 
 the lord ruler could pierce copperclouds . 
 she could too . 
 they were the same , somehow . 
 if he could affect metals inside of a person 's body , then she could as well . 
 she ﬂared the iron . 
 blue lines appeared pointing to the lord ruler 's rings and bracelets-all of them but the ones on his upper arms , piercing his skin . 
 vin stoked her iron , concentrating , pushing it as hard as she could . 
 she kept her pewter ﬂared , struggling to keep from being crushed , and she knew somehow that she was no longer breathing . 
 the force pushing against her was too strong . 
 she could n't get her chest to go up and down . 
 mist spun around her , dancing because of her allomancy . 
 she was dying . 
 she knew it . 
 she could barely even feel the pain anymore . 
 she was being crushed . 
 suffocated . 
 she drew upon the mists . 
 two new lines appeared . 
 she screamed , pulling with a strength she had never known before . 
 she ﬂared her iron higher and higher , the lord ruler 's own push giving her the leverage she needed to pull against his bracelets . 
 anger , desperation , and agony mixed within her , and the pull became her only focus . 
 her pewter ran out . 
 he killed kelsier ! 
 the bracelets ripped free . 
 the lord ruler cried out in pain , a faint , distant sound to vin 's ears . 
 the weight suddenly released her , and she dropped to the ﬂoor , gasping , her vision swimming . 
 the bloody bracelets hit the ground , released from her grip , skidding across the marble to land before her . 
 she looked up , using tin to clear her vision . 
 the lord ruler stood where he had been before , his eyes widening with terror , his arms bloodied . 
 he dropped marsh to the ground , rushing toward her and the mangled bracelets . 
 however , with her last bit of strength-pewter gone-vin pushed on the bracelets , shooting them past the lord ruler . 
 he spun in horror , watching the bracelets ﬂy out the broken wall-window . 
 in the distance , the sun broke the horizon . 
 the bracelets dropped in front of its red light , sparkling for a moment before plunging down into the city . 
 `` no ! '' 
 the lord ruler screamed , stepping toward the window . 
 his muscles grew limp , deﬂating as sazed 's had . 
 he turned back toward vin , angry , but his face was no longer that of a young man . 
 he was middle-aged , his youthful features matured . 
 he stepped toward the window . 
 his hair grayed , and wrinkles formed around his eyes like tiny webs . 
 his next step was feeble . 
 he began to shake with the burden of old age , his back stooping , his skin sagging , his hair growing limp . 
 then , he collapsed to the ﬂoor . 
 vin leaned back , her mind fuzzing from the pain . 
 she lay there for ... a time . 
 she could n't think . 
 `` mistress ! '' 
 a voice said . 
 and then , sazed was at her side , his brow wet with sweat . 
 he reached over and poured something down her throat , and she swallowed . 
 her body knew what to do . 
 she reﬂexively ﬂared pewter , strengthening her body . 
 she ﬂared tin , and the sudden increase of sensitivity shocked her awake . 
 she gasped , looking up at sazed 's concerned face . 
 `` careful , mistress , '' he said , inspecting her leg . 
 `` the bone is fractured , though it appears only in one place . '' 
 `` marsh , '' she said , exhausted . 
 `` see to marsh . '' 
 `` marsh ? '' 
 sazed asked . 
 then he saw the inquisitor stirring slightly on the ﬂoor a distance away . 
 `` by the forgotten gods ! '' 
 sazed said , moving to marsh 's side . 
 marsh groaned , sitting up . 
 he cradled his stomach with one arm . 
 `` what ... is that ... ? '' 
 vin glanced at the withered form on the ground a short distance away . 
 `` it 's him . 
 the lord ruler . 
 he 's dead . '' 
 sazed frowned curiously , standing . 
 he wore a brown robe , and had brought a simple wooden spear with him . 
 vin shook her head at the thought of such a pitiful weapon facing the creature that had nearly killed her and marsh . 
 of course . 
 in a way , we were all just as useless . 
 we should be dead , not the lord ruler . 
 i pulled his bracelets off . 
 why ? 
 why can i do things like he can ? 
 why am i different ? 
 `` mistress ... '' sazed said slowly . 
 `` he is not dead , i think . 
 he 's ... still alive . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 vin asked , frowning . 
 she could barely think at the moment . 
 there would be time to sort out her questions later . 
 sazed was right-the aged ﬁgure was n't dead . 
 actually , it was moving pitifully on the ﬂoor , crawling toward the broken window . 
 toward where his bracelets had gone . 
 marsh stumbled to his feet , waving away sazed 's ministrations . 
 `` i will heal quickly . 
 see to the girl . '' 
 `` help me up , '' vin said . 
 `` mistress ... '' sazed said disapprovingly . 
 `` please , sazed . '' 
 he sighed , handing her the wooden spear . 
 `` here , lean on this . '' 
 she took it , and he helped her to her feet . 
 vin leaned on the shaft , hobbling with marsh and sazed toward the lord ruler . 
 the crawling ﬁgure reached the edge of the room , overlooking the city through the shattered window . 
 vin 's footsteps crackled on broken glass . 
 people cheered again below , though she could n't see them , nor see what they were cheering about . 
 `` listen , '' sazed said . 
 `` listen , he who would have been our god . 
 do you hear them cheering ? 
 those cheers are n't for you-this people never cheered for you . 
 they have found a new leader this evening , a new pride . '' 
 `` my ... obligators ... '' the lord ruler whispered . 
 `` your obligators will forget you , '' marsh said . 
 `` i will see to that . 
 the other inquisitors are dead , slain by my own hand . 
 yet , the gathered prelans saw you transfer power to the canton of inquisition . 
 i am the only inquisitor left in luthadel . 
 i rule your church now . '' 
 `` no ... '' the lord ruler whispered . 
 marsh , vin , and sazed stopped in a ragged group , looking down at the old man . 
 in the morning light below , vin could see a massive collection of people standing before a large podium , holding up their weapons in a sign of respect . 
 the lord ruler cast his eyes down at the crowd , and the ﬁnal realization of his failure seemed to hit him . 
 he looked back up at the ring of people who had defeated him . 
 `` you do n't understand , '' he wheezed . 
 `` you do n't know what i do for mankind . 
 i was your god , even if you could n't see it . 
 by killing me , you have doomed yourselves ... '' vin glanced at marsh and sazed . 
 slowly , each of them nodded . 
 the lord ruler had begun coughing , and he seemed to be aging even further . 
 vin leaned on sazed , her teeth gritted against the pain of her broken leg . 
 `` i bring you a message from a friend of ours , '' she said quietly . 
 `` he wanted you to know that he 's not dead . 
 he ca n't be killed . 
 `` he is hope . '' 
 then she raised the spear and rammed it directly into the lord ruler 's heart . 
 oddly , on occasion , i sense a peacefulness within . 
 you would think that after all i have seen-after all i have suffered-my soul would be a twisted jumble of stress , confusion , and melancholy . 
 often , it 's just that . 
 but then , there is the peace . 
 i feel it sometimes , as i do now , staring out over the frozen cliffs and glass mountains in the still of morning , watching a sunrise that is so majestic that i know that none shall ever be its match . 
 if there are prophecies , if there is a hero of ages , then my mind whispers that there must be something directing my path . 
 something is watching ; something cares . 
 these peaceful whispers tell me a truth i wish very much to believe . 
 if i fail , another shall come to ﬁnish my work . 
 epilogue `` the only thing i can conclude , master marsh , '' sazed said , `` is that the lord ruler was both a feruchemist and an allomancer . '' 
 vin frowned , sitting atop an empty building near the edge of a skaa slum . 
 her broken leg-carefully splinted by sazed-hung over the edge of the rooftop , dangling in the air . 
 she 'd slept most of the day-as , apparently , had marsh , who stood beside her . 
 sazed had carried a message to the rest of the crew , telling them of vin 's survival . 
 apparently , there had been no major casualties among the others-for which vin was glad . 
 she had n't gone to them yet , however . 
 sazed had told them that she needed to rest , and they were busy setting up elend 's new government . 
 `` a feruchemist and an allomancer , '' marsh said speculatively . 
 he had recovered quickly indeed-though vin still bore bruises , fractures , and cuts from the ﬁght , he seemed to have already healed his broken ribs . 
 he leaned down , resting one arm on his knee , staring out over the city with spikes instead of eyes . 
 how does he even see ? 
 vin wondered . 
 `` yes , master marsh , '' sazed explained . 
 `` you see , youth is one of the things that a feruchemist can store . 
 it 's a fairly useless process-in order to store up the ability to feel and look a year younger , you would have to spend part of your life feeling and looking one year older . 
 often , keepers use the ability as a disguise , changing ages to fool others and hide . 
 beyond this , however , no one has ever seen much use for the ability . 
 `` however , if the feruchemist were also an allomancer , he might be able to burn his own metal storages , releasing the energy within them tenfold . 
 mistress vin tried to burn some of my metals earlier , but could n't access the power . 
 however , if you were able to make up the feruchemical storages yourself , then burn them for the extra power . . '' 
 marsh frowned . 
 `` i do n't follow you , sazed . '' 
 `` i apologize , '' sazed said . 
 `` this is , perhaps , a thing that is difﬁcult to understand without a background in both allomantic and feruchemical theory . 
 let me see if i can explain it better . 
 what is the main difference between allomancy and feruchemy ? '' 
 `` allomancy draws its power from metals , '' marsh said . 
 `` feruchemy draws its powers from the person 's own body . '' 
 `` exactly , '' sazed said . 
 `` so , what the lord ruler did-i presume-was combine these two abilities . 
 he used one of the attributes only available to feruchemy-that of changing his age-but fueled it with allomancy instead . 
 by burning a feruchemical storage that he himself had made , he effectively made a new allomantic metal for himself-one that made him younger when he burned it . 
 if my guess is correct , he would have gained a limitless supply of youth , since he was drawing most of his power from the metal itself , rather than his own body . 
 all he would have to do was spend the occasional bit of time aged to give himself feruchemical storages to burn and stay young . '' 
 `` so , '' marsh said , `` just burning those storages would make him even younger than when he started ? '' 
 `` he would have had to place that excess youth inside of another feruchemical storage , i think , '' sazed explained . 
 `` you see , allomancy is quite spectacular-its powers generally come in bursts and ﬂares . 
 the lord ruler would n't have wanted all of that youth at once , so he 'd have stored it inside of a piece of metal which he could slowly drain , keeping himself young . '' 
 `` the bracelets ? '' 
 `` yes , master marsh . 
 however , feruchemy gives decreasing returns-it takes more than the proportionate amount of strength , for instance , to make yourself four times as strong as a regular man , as opposed to simply twice as strong . 
 in the lord ruler 's case , this meant that he had to spend more and more youth to keep from aging . 
 when mistress vin stole the bracelets , he aged incredibly quickly because his body was trying to stretch back to where it should have been . '' 
 vin sat in the cool evening wind , staring out toward keep venture . 
 it was bright with light ; not even a single day had passed , and elend was already meeting with skaa and noblemen leaders , drafting a code of laws for his new nation . 
 vin sat quietly , ﬁngering her earring . 
 she 'd found it in the throne room , had put it back in her torn ear as it began to heal . 
 she was n't certain why she kept it . 
 perhaps because it was a link to reen , and the mother who had tried to kill her . 
 or , perhaps , simply because it was a reminder of things she should n't have been able to do . 
 there was much to learn , still , about allomancy . 
 for a thousand years , the nobility had simply trusted what the inquisitors and lord ruler told them . 
 what secrets had they shadowed , what metals had they hidden ? 
 `` the lord ruler , '' she ﬁnally said . 
 `` he ... just used a trick to be immortal , then . 
 that means he was n't ever really a god , right ? 
 he was just lucky . 
 anyone who was both a feruchemist and an allomancer could have done what he did . '' 
 `` it appears that way , mistress , '' sazed said . 
 `` perhaps that was why he feared keepers so much . 
 he hunted and killed feruchemists , for he knew that the skill was hereditary-just as allomancy is . 
 if the terris lines ever mixed with those of the imperial nobility , the result could very well have been a child who could challenge him . '' 
 `` hence the breeding programs , '' marsh said . 
 sazed nodded . 
 `` he needed to make absolutely sure that the terrismen were n't allowed to mix with the regular populace , lest they pass on latent feruchemical abilities . '' 
 marsh shook his head . 
 `` his own people . 
 he did such horrible things to them just to keep hold of his power . '' 
 `` but , '' vin said , frowning , `` if the lord ruler 's powers came from a mixture of feruchemy and allomancy , what happened at the well of ascension ? 
 what was the power that the man who wrote the logbook-whoever he was-was supposed to ﬁnd ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , mistress , '' sazed said quietly . 
 `` your explanation does n't answer everything , '' vin said , shaking her head . 
 she had n't spoken of her own strange abilities , but she had spoken of what the lord ruler had done in the throne room . 
 `` he was so powerful , sazed . 
 i could feel his allomancy . 
 he was able to push on metals inside my body ! 
 perhaps he could enhance his feruchemy by burning the storages , but how did he get so strong at allomancy ? '' 
 sazed sighed . 
 `` i fear that the only person who could have answered these questions died this morning . '' 
 vin paused . 
 the lord ruler had held secrets about the terris religion that sazed 's people had been searching for centuries to ﬁnd . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 maybe i should n't have killed him . '' 
 sazed shook his head . 
 `` his own aging would have killed him soon anyway , mistress . 
 what you did was right . 
 this way , i can record that the lord ruler was struck down by one of the skaa he had oppressed . '' 
 vin ﬂushed . 
 `` record ? '' 
 `` of course . 
 i am still a keeper , mistress . 
 i must pass these things on-history , events , and truths . '' 
 `` you wo n't . . 
 say too much about me , will you ? '' 
 for some reason the idea of other people telling stories about her made her uncomfortable . 
 `` i would n't worry too much , mistress , '' sazed said with a smile . 
 `` my brethren and i will be very busy , i think . 
 we have so much to restore , so much to tell the world ... i doubt details about you need to be passed on with any urgent timing . 
 i will record what happened , but i will keep it to myself for a while , if you wish . '' 
 `` thank you , '' vin said , nodding . 
 `` that power that the lord ruler found in the cave , '' marsh saidspeculatively , `` perhaps it was just allomancy . 
 you said that there is no record of any allomancers before the ascension . '' 
 `` it is indeed a possibility , master marsh , '' sazed said . 
 `` there are very few legends about the origins of allomancy , and nearly all of them agree that allomancers ﬁrst ` appeared with the mists . ' '' 
 vin frowned . 
 she 'd always assumed that the title `` mistborn '' had come about because allomancers tended to do their work at night . 
 she 'd never considered that there might be a stronger connection . 
 mist reacts to allomancy . 
 it swirls when an allomancer uses his abilities nearby . 
 and ... what did i feel at the end ? 
 it was like i drew something from the mists . 
 whatever she 'd done , she had n't been able to replicate it . 
 marsh sighed and stood . 
 he had been awake only a few hours , but he already seemed tired . 
 his head hung slightly , as if the weight of the spikes were pulling it down . 
 `` does that ... hurt , marsh ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` the spikes , i mean ? '' 
 he paused . 
 `` yes . 
 all eleven of them ... throb . 
 the pain reacts to my emotions somehow . '' 
 `` eleven ? '' 
 vin asked with shock . 
 marsh nodded . 
 `` two in the head , eight in the chest , one in the back to seal them together . 
 that 's the only way to kill an inquisitor-you have to separate the top spikes from the bottom ones . 
 kell did it through a beheading , but it 's easier to just pull out the middle spike . '' 
 `` we thought you were dead , '' vin said . 
 `` when we found the body and the blood at the soothing station ... '' marsh nodded . 
 `` i was going to send word of my survival , but they watched me fairly closely that ﬁrst day . 
 i did n't expect kell to make his move so quickly . '' 
 `` none of us did , master marsh , '' sazed said . 
 `` none of us expected it at all . '' 
 `` he actually did it , did n't he ? '' 
 marsh said , shaking his head in wonder . 
 `` that bastard . 
 there are two things i 'll never forgive him for . 
 the ﬁrst is for stealing my dream of overthrowing the final empire , then actually succeeding at it . '' 
 vin paused . 
 `` and the second ? '' 
 marsh turned spike-heads toward her . 
 `` getting himself killed to do it . '' 
 `` if i may ask , master marsh , '' sazed said . 
 `` who was that corpse that mistress vin and master kelsier discovered at the soothing station ? '' 
 marsh looked back over the city . 
 `` there were several corpses , actually . 
 the process to create a new inquisitor is ... messy . 
 i 'd rather not speak about it . '' 
 `` of course , '' sazed said , bowing his head . 
 `` you , however , '' marsh said , `` could tell me about this creature that kelsier used to imitate lord renoux . '' 
 `` the kandra ? '' 
 sazed said . 
 `` i fear even the keepers know little of them . 
 they are related to mistwraiths-perhaps even the same creatures , just older . 
 because of their reputation , they generally prefer to remain unseen-though some of the noble houses hire them on occasion . '' 
 vin frowned . 
 `` so ... why did n't kell just have this kandra impersonate him and die in his stead ? '' 
 `` ah , '' sazed said . 
 `` you see , mistress , for a kandra to impersonate someone , they ﬁrst must devour that person 's ﬂesh and absorb their bones . 
 kandra are like mistwraiths-they have no skeletons of their own . '' 
 vin shivered . 
 `` oh . '' 
 `` he is back , you know , '' marsh said . 
 `` the creature is no longer using my brother 's body-he has another one-but he came looking for you , vin . '' 
 `` me ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 marsh nodded . 
 `` he said something about kelsier transferring his contract to you before he died . 
 i believe the beast sees you as its master , now . '' 
 vin shivered . 
 that ... thing ate kelsier 's body . 
 `` i do n't want it around , '' she said . 
 `` i 'll send it away . '' 
 `` do not be quite so hasty , mistress , '' sazed said . 
 `` kandra are expensive servants-you must pay them in atium . 
 if kelsier bought an extended contract for one , it would be foolish to waste its services . 
 a kandra might prove a very useful ally in the months to come . '' 
 vin shook her head . 
 `` i do n't care . 
 i do n't want that thing around . 
 not after what it did . '' 
 the trio fell silent . 
 finally , marsh stood , sighing . 
 `` anyway , if you will excuse me , i should go make an appearance at the keep-the new king wants me to represent the ministry in his negotiations . '' 
 vin frowned . 
 `` i do n't see why the ministry deserves any say in things . '' 
 `` the obligators are still quite powerful , mistress , '' sazed said . 
 `` and , they are the most efﬁcient and well-trained bureaucratic force in the final empire . 
 his majesty would be wise to try and bring them to his side , and recognizing master marsh may help achieve this . '' 
 marsh shrugged . 
 `` of course , assuming i can establish control over the canton of orthodoxy , the ministry should ... change during the next few years . 
 i 'll move slowly and carefully , but by the time i 'm done , the obligators wo n't even realize what they 've lost . 
 those other inquisitors could present a problem , though . '' 
 vin nodded . 
 `` how many are there outside of luthadel ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' marsh said . 
 `` i was n't a member of the order for very long before i destroyed it . 
 however , the final empire was a big place . 
 many speak of there being around twenty inquisitors in the empire , but i never was able to pin anyone down on a hard number . '' 
 vin nodded as marsh left . 
 however , the inquisitors-while dangerous-worried her far less now that she knew their secret . 
 she was more concerned about something else . 
 you do n't know what i do for mankind . 
 i was your god , even if you could n't see it . 
 by killing me , you have doomed yourselves ... the lord ruler 's ﬁnal words . 
 at the time , she thought he 'd been referring to the final empire as the thing he did `` for mankind . '' 
 however , she was n't so certain anymore . 
 there had been ... fear in his eyes when he 'd spoken those words , not pride . 
 `` saze ? '' 
 she said . 
 `` what was the deepness ? 
 the thing that the hero from the logbook was supposed to defeat ? '' 
 `` i wish that we knew , mistress , '' sazed said . 
 `` but , it did n't come , right ? '' 
 `` apparently not , '' sazed said . 
 `` the legends agree that had the deepness not been stopped , the very world would have been destroyed . 
 of course , perhaps these stories have been exaggerated . 
 maybe the danger of the ` deepness ' was really just the lord ruler himself-perhaps the hero 's ﬁght was simply one of conscience . 
 he had to choose to dominate the world or to let it be free . '' 
 that did n't sound right to vin . 
 there was more . 
 she remembered that fear in the lord ruler 's eyes . 
 terror . 
 he said `` do , '' not `` did . '' 
 `` what i do for mankind . '' 
 that implies that he was still doing it , whatever it was . 
 you have doomed yourselves ... she shivered in the evening air . 
 the sun was setting , making it even easier to see the illuminated keep venture - elend 's choice of headquarters for the moment , though he might still move to kredik shaw . 
 he had n't decided yet . 
 `` you should go to him , mistress , '' sazed said . 
 `` he needs to see that you are well . '' 
 vin did n't reply immediately . 
 she stared out over the city , watching the bright keep in the darkening sky . 
 `` were you there , sazed ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` did you hear his speech ? '' 
 `` yes , mistress , '' he said . 
 `` once we discovered that there was no atium in that treasury , lord venture insisted that we go seek help for you . 
 i was inclined to agree with him - neither of us were warriors , and i was still without my feruchemical storages . '' 
 no atium , vin thought . 
 after all of this , we have n't found a speck of it . 
 what did the lord ruler do with it all ? 
 or ... did someone else get to it ﬁrst ? 
 `` when master elend and i found the army , '' sazed continued , `` its rebels were slaughtering the palace soldiers . 
 some of them tried to surrender , but our soldiers were n't letting them . 
 it was a. . . 
 disturbing scene , mistress . 
 your elend ... he did n't like what he saw . 
 when he stood up there before the skaa , i thought that they would simply kill him too . '' 
 sazed paused , cocking his head slightly . 
 `` but . . 
 the things he said , mistress ... his dreams of a new government , his condemnation of bloodshed and chaos ... well , mistress , i fear that i can not repeat it . 
 i wish i 'd had my metalminds , so that i could have memorized his exact words . '' 
 he sighed , shaking his head . 
 `` regardless , i believe that master breeze was very inﬂuential in helping calm that riot . 
 once one group started listening to master elend , the others did too , and from there ... well , it is a good thing that a nobleman ended up as king , i think . 
 master elend brings some legitimacy to our bid for control , and i think that we will see more support from the nobility and the merchants with him at our head . '' 
 vin smiled . 
 `` kell would be angry with us , you know . 
 he did all this work , and we just turned around and put a nobleman on the throne . '' 
 sazed shook his head . 
 `` ah , but there is something more important to consider , i think . 
 we did n't just put a nobleman on the throne-we put a good man on the throne . '' 
 `` a good man ... '' vin said . 
 `` yes . 
 i 've known a few of those , now . '' 
 vin knelt in the mists atop keep venture . 
 her splinted leg made it harder to move around at night , but most of the effort she used was allomantic . 
 she just had to make certain that her landings were particularly soft . 
 night had come , and the mists surrounded her . 
 protecting her , hiding her , giving her power . . 
 elend venture sat at a desk below , beneath a skylight that still had n't been patched from the time vin had thrown a body through it . 
 he did n't notice her crouching above . 
 who would ? 
 who saw a mistborn in her element ? 
 she was , in a way , like one of the shadow images created by the eleventh metal . 
 incorporeal . 
 really just something that could have been . 
 could have been ... the events of the last day were difﬁcult enough to sort through ; vin had n't even tried to make sense of her emotions , which were a far bigger mess . 
 she had n't gone to elend yet . 
 she had n't been able to . 
 she looked down at him , sitting in the lanternlight , reading at his desk and making scribbled notes in his little book . 
 his meetings earlier had apparently gone well-everyone seemed willing to accept him as king . 
 marsh whispered that there were politics behind the support , however . 
 the nobility saw elend as a puppet they could control , and factions were already appearing amongst the skaa leadership . 
 still , elend ﬁnally had an opportunity to draft the law code he 'd been dreaming of . 
 he could try to create the perfect nation , try to apply the philosophies he had studied for so long . 
 there would be bumps , and vin suspected that he would ultimately have to settle for something far more realistic than his idealistic dream . 
 that did n't really matter . 
 he would make a good king . 
 of course , compared with the lord ruler , a pile of soot would make a good king ... she wanted to go to elend , to drop down into the warm room , but ... something kept her back . 
 she 'd been through too many recent twists in her fortune , too many emotional strains-both allomantic and non-allomantic . 
 she was n't certain what she wanted anymore ; she was n't certain if she were vin or valette , or even which of them she wished that she were . 
 she felt cold in the mists , in the quiet darkness . 
 the mist empowered , protected , and hid ... even when she did n't really want it to do any of the three . 
 i ca n't do this . 
 that person who would be with him , that 's not me . 
 that was an illusion , a dream . 
 i am that child who grew up in the shadows , the girl who should be alone . 
 i do n't deserve this . 
 i do n't deserve him . 
 it was over . 
 as she had anticipated , everything was changing . 
 in truth , she 'd never really made a very good noblewoman . 
 it was time for her to go back to being what she was good at . 
 a thing of shadows , not of parties and balls . 
 it was time to go . 
 she turned to leave , ignoring her tears , frustrated with herself . 
 she left him , her shoulders slumped as she hobbled across the metallic roof and disappeared into the mist . 
 but then ... he died promising us that you had starved to death years ago . 
 with all the chaos , she 'd nearly forgotten the inquisitor 's words about reen . 
 now , however , the memory made her pause . 
 mists passed her , curling , coaxing . 
 reen had n't abandoned her . 
 he 'd been captured by the inquisitors who had been looking for vin , the unlawful child of their enemy . 
 they 'd tortured him . 
 and he had died protecting her . 
 reen did n't betray me . 
 he always promised that he would , but in the end , he did n't . 
 he had been far from a perfect brother , but he had loved her nonetheless . 
 a whispered voice came from the back of her mind , speaking in reen 's voice . 
 go back . 
 before she could convince herself otherwise , she dashed limpingly back to the broken skylight and dropped a coin to the ﬂoor below . 
 elend turned curiously , looking at the coin , cocking his head . 
 vin dropped down a second later , pushing herself up to slow the fall , landing only on her good leg . 
 `` elend venture , '' she said , standing up . 
 `` there is something i 've been meaning to tell you for some time . '' 
 she paused , blinking away her tears . 
 `` you read too much . 
 especially in the presence of ladies . '' 
 he smiled , throwing back his chair and grabbing her in a ﬁrm embrace . 
 vin closed her eyes , simply feeling the warmth of being held . 
 and realized that was all she had ever really wanted . 
