 i dreamt of warm flesh and cookies . 
 the sex i understood , but the cookies ... why cookies ? 
 why not cake , or meat ? 
 but that 's what my subconscious chose as i dreamt . 
 we were eating in the tiny kitchen of my los angeles apartment - an apartment i did n't live in anymore , outside of dreams . 
 the we were me , princess meredith - the only faerie royal ever born on american soil - and my royal guards , more than a dozen of them . 
 they moved around me with skin the color of darkest night , whitest snow , the pale of newborn leaves , the brown of leaves that have gone down to die on the forest floor , a rainbow of men moving nude around the kitchen . 
 the real apartment kitchen would have barely held three of us , but in the dream everyone walked through that narrow space between sink and stove and cabinets as if there were all the room in the world . 
 we were having cookies because we 'd just had sex and it was hungry work , or something like that . 
 the men moved around me graceful and perfectly nude . 
 several of the men were ones i 'd never seen nude . 
 they moved with skin the color of summer sunshine , the transparent white of crystals , colors i had no name for , for the colors did not exist outside of faerie . 
 it should have been a good dream , but it was n't . 
 i knew something was wrong , that feeling of unease that you get in dreams when you know that the happy sights are just a disguise , an illusion to hide the ugliness to come . 
 the plate of cookies was so innocent , so ordinary , but it bothered me . 
 i tried to pay attention to the men , touching their bodies , holding them , but each of them in turn would pick up a cookie and take a bite , as if i were n't there . 
 galen with his pale , pale green skin and greener eyes bit into a cookie , and something squirted out the side . 
 something thick and dark . 
 the dark liquid dripped down the edge of his kissable mouth and fell onto the white countertop . 
 that single drop splattered and spread and was red , so red , so fresh . 
 the cookies were bleeding . 
 i slapped it from galen 's hand . 
 i picked up the tray to keep the men from eating any more . 
 the tray was full of blood . 
 it dripped down the edges , poured over my hands . 
 i dropped the tray , which shattered , and the men bent as if they would eat from the floor and the broken glass . 
 i pushed them back , screaming , `` no ! '' 
 doyle looked up at me with his black eyes and said , `` but it is all we have had to eat for so long . '' 
 the dream changed , as dreams will . 
 i stood in an open field with a ring of distant trees encircling it . 
 beyond the trees , hills rode up into the paleness of a moonlit winter 's night . 
 snow lay like a smooth blanket across the ground . 
 i was standing ankle-deep in snow . 
 i was wearing a loose sweeping gown as white as the snow . 
 my arms were bare to the cold night . 
 i should have been freezing , but i was n't . 
 dream , just a dream . 
 then i noticed something in the center of the clearing . 
 it was an animal , a small white animal , and i thought , that 's why i did n't see it , for it was white , whiter than the snow . 
 whiter than my gown , than my skin , so white that it seemed to glow . 
 the animal raised its head , sniffing the air . 
 it was a small pig , but its snout was longer , and its legs taller , than those of any pig i 'd ever seen . 
 though it stood in the middle of the snowy field , there were no hoofprints in that smooth snow , no way for the piglet to have walked to the center of the field . 
 as if the animal had simply appeared there . 
 i glanced at the circle of trees , for only a moment , and when i looked again at the piglet , it was bigger . 
 a hundred pounds heavier , and taller than my knees . 
 i did n't look away again , but the pig just got bigger . 
 i could n't see it happening , it was like trying to watch a flower bloom , but it was growing bigger . 
 as tall at the shoulder as my waist , long and broad , and furry . 
 i 'd never seen a pig so fuzzy before , as if it had a thick winter coat . 
 it looked positively pettable , that pelt . 
 it raised that strangely long-snouted face toward me , and i saw tusks curving from its mouth , small tusks . 
 the moment i saw them , gleaming ivory in the snow light , another whisper of unease washed through me . 
 i should leave this place , i thought . 
 i turned to walk out through that ring of trees . 
 a ring of trees that now looked entirely too even , too well planned , to be accidental . 
 a woman stood behind me , so close that when the wind blew through the dead trees her hooded cloak brushed against the hem of my gown . 
 i formed my lips to say , who ? 
 but never finished the word . 
 she held out a hand that was wrinkled and colored with age , but it was a small , slender hand , still lovely , still full of a quiet strength . 
 not full of the remnants of youthful strength , but full of the strength that comes only with age . 
 a strength born of knowledge accumulated , wisdom pondered over many a long winter 's night . 
 here was someone who held the knowledge of a lifetime - no , several lifetimes . 
 the crone , the hag , has been vilified as ugly and weak . 
 but that is not what the true crone aspect of the goddess is , and it was not what i saw . 
 she smiled at me , and that smile held all the warmth you would ever need . 
 it was a smile that held a thousand fireside chats , a hundred dozen questions asked and answered , endless lifetimes of knowledge collected and remembered . 
 there was nothing she would not know , if only i could think of the questions to ask . 
 i took her hand , and the skin was so soft , soft the way a baby 's is . 
 it was wrinkled , but smooth is not always best , and there is beauty in age that youth knows not . 
 i held the crone 's hand and felt safe , completely and utterly safe , as if nothing could ever disturb this sense of quiet peace . 
 she smiled at me , the rest of her face lost in the shadow of her hood . 
 she drew her hand out of mine , and i tried to hold on , but she shook her head and said , though her lips did not move , `` you have work to do . '' 
 `` i do n't understand , '' i said , and my breath steamed in the cold night , though hers had not . 
 `` give them other food to eat . '' 
 i frowned . 
 `` i do n't understand ... '' `` turn around , '' she said , and this time her lips did move , but still her breath did not color the night . 
 it was as if she spoke but did not breathe , or as if her breath were as cold as the winter night . 
 i tried to remember if her hand had been warm or cold , but could not . 
 all i remembered was the sense of peace and rightness . 
 `` turn around , '' she said again , and this time i did . 
 a white bull stood in the center of the clearing - at least that 's what it looked like at first glance . 
 its shoulder stood as tall as the top of my head . 
 it must have been more than nine feet long . 
 its shoulders were a huge broad spread of muscle humped behind its lowered head . 
 the head raised , revealing a snout framed by long , pointed tusks . 
 this was no bull , but a huge boar - the thing that had begun as a little pig . 
 tusks like ivory blades gleamed as it looked at me . 
 i glanced back , but knew the crone was gone . 
 i was alone in the winter night . 
 well , not as alone as i wanted to be . 
 i looked back and found the monstrous boar still standing there , still staring at me . 
 the snow was cold under my bare feet now . 
 my arms ran with goose bumps , and i was n't sure if i shivered from cold , or fear . 
 i recognized the thick white hair on the boar now . 
 it still looked so soft . 
 but its tail stuck straight out from its body , and it raised that long snout skyward . 
 its breath smoked in the air as it sniffed . 
 that was bad . 
 that meant it was real - or real enough to hurt me , anyway . 
 i stood as still as i could . 
 i do n't think i moved at all , but suddenly it charged . 
 snow plumed underneath its hooves as it came for me . 
 it was like watching some great machine barreling down . 
 too big to be real , too huge to be possible . 
 i had no weapon . 
 i turned and ran . 
 i heard the boar behind me . 
 its hooves sliced the frozen ground . 
 it let out a sound that was almost a scream . 
 i glanced back ; i could n't help it . 
 the gown tangled under my feet , and i went down . 
 i rolled in the snow , fighting to come to my feet , but the gown tangled around my legs . 
 i could n't get free of it . 
 could n't stand . 
 could n't run . 
 the boar was almost on top of me . 
 its breath steamed in clouds . 
 snow spilled around its legs , bits of frozen black earth sliced up in all that white . 
 i had one of those interminable moments where you have all the time in the world to watch death come for you . 
 white boar , white snow , white tusks , all aglow in the moonlight , except for the rich black earth that marred the whiteness with dark scars . 
 the boar gave that horrible screaming squeal again . 
 its thick winter coat looked so soft . 
 it was going to look soft while it gored me to death and trampled me into the snow . 
 i reached behind me , feeling for a tree branch , anything to pull myself up out of the snow . 
 something brushed my hand , and i grabbed it . 
 thorns cut into my hand . 
 thorn-covered vines filled the space between the trees . 
 i used the vines to drag myself to my feet . 
 the thorns were biting into my hands , my arms , but they were all i could grasp . 
 the boar was so close , i could smell its scent , sharp and acrid on the cold air . 
 i would not die lying in the snow . 
 the thorns bled me , spattered the white gown with blood , the snow covered in minute crimson drops . 
 the vines moved under my hands like something more alive than a plant . 
 i felt the boar 's breath like heat on the back of my body , and the thorny vines opened like a door . 
 the world seemed to spin , and when i could see again , be sure of where i was again , i was standing on the other side of the thorns . 
 the white boar hit the vines hard and fast , as if it expected to tear its way through . 
 for a moment i thought it would do just that ; then it was in the thorns , slowing . 
 it stopped rushing forward and started slashing at the vines with its great snout and tusks . 
 it would tear them out , trample them underfoot , but its white coat was bedecked with tiny bloody scratches . 
 it would break through , but the thorns bled it . 
 i 'd never owned any magic in dream , or vision , that i did n't own in waking life . 
 but i had magic now . 
 i wielded the hand of blood . 
 i put my bleeding hand out toward the boar and thought , bleed . 
 i made all those small scratches pour blood . 
 but still the beast fought through the thorns . 
 the vines ripped from the earth . 
 i thought , more . 
 i made a fist of my hand , and when i opened it wide , the scratches slashed wide . 
 hundreds of red mouths , gaping on that white hide . 
 blood poured down its sides , and now its squeal was not a scream of anger , or challenge . 
 it was a squeal of pain . 
 the vines tightened around it of their own accord . 
 the boar 's knees buckled , and the vines roped it to the frozen ground . 
 it was no longer a white boar , but a red one . 
 red with blood . 
 there was a knife in my hand . 
 it was a shining white blade that glowed like a star . 
 i knew what i needed to do . 
 i walked across the blood-spattered snow . 
 the boar rolled its eyes at me , but i knew that if it could , even now , it would kill me . 
 i plunged the knife into its throat , and when the blade came out , blood gushed into the snow , over my gown , onto my skin . 
 the blood was hot . 
 a crimson fountain of heat and life . 
 the blood melted the snow down to rich black earth . 
 from that earth came a tiny piglet , not white this time , but tawny and striped with gold . 
 it was colored more like a fawn . 
 the piglet cried , but i knew there would be no answer . 
 i picked it up , and it curled up in my arms like a puppy . 
 it was so warm , so alive . 
 i wrapped the hooded cloak i now wore around us both . 
 my gown was black now , not black with blood , but simply black . 
 the piglet settled into the soft warm cloth . 
 i had boots that were lined with fur , soft and warm . 
 the white knife was still in my hand , but it was clean , as if the blood had burned away . 
 i smelled roses . 
 i turned back and found that the white boar 's body was gone . 
 the thorny vines were covered in green leaves and flowers . 
 the flowers were white and pink , from palest blush to dark salmon . 
 some of the roses were so deeply pink , they were almost purple . 
 the wonderful sweet scent of wild roses filled the air . 
 the dead trees in the circle were dead no more , but began to bud and leaf as i watched . 
 the thaw spread from the boar 's death and that spill of warm blood . 
 the tiny piglet was heavier . 
 i looked down and found that it had doubled in size . 
 i put it onto the melting snow , and as the boar had gotten bigger , so now this piglet grew . 
 again , i could not see the change , but like a flower unfurling undetectably , it changed all the same . 
 i began to walk over the snow , and the rapidly growing pig came at my side like an obedient dog . 
 where we stepped the snow melted , and life returned to the land . 
 the pig lost its baby stripes , and grew black and as tall at the shoulder as my waist , and still it grew . 
 i touched its back , and the hair was not soft , but coarse . 
 i stroked its side , and it nestled against me . 
 we walked the land , and where we walked , the world became green once more . 
 we came to the crest of a small hill , where a slab of stone lay grey and cold in the growing light . 
 dawn had come , breaking like a crimson wound across the eastern sky . 
 the sun returns in blood , and dies in blood . 
 the boar had tusks now , small curling things , but i was n't afraid . 
 he nuzzled my hand , and his snout was softer , and more nimble , more like a great finger , than any pig 's snout i 'd ever touched . 
 he made a sound that was pleasant and made me smile . 
 then he turned and ran down the other side of the hill , with his tail straight out behind him like a flag . 
 everywhere his hooves touched , the earth sprang green . 
 a robed figure was beside me on the hill , but it was not the grey-robed figure of the crone goddess in winter . 
 this was a male figure taller than i , broad of shoulder , and cloaked in a hood as black as the boar that was growing small in the distance . 
 he held out his hands , and in them was a horn . 
 the curved tusk of a great boar . 
 it was white and fresh , with blood still on it , as if he had just that moment cut it from the white boar . 
 but as i moved over toward him , the horn became clean and polished , as if with many years of use , as if many hands had touched it . 
 the horn was no longer white , but a rich amber color that spoke of age . 
 just before i touched his hands , i realized the horn was set in gold , formed into a cup . 
 i laid my hands on either side of his and found that his hands were as dark as his cloak , but i knew this was not my doyle , my darkness . 
 this was the god . 
 i looked up into his hood and saw for an instant the boar 's head ; then i saw a human mouth that smiled at me . 
 his face , like the face of the goddess , was covered in shadow - for the face of deity was ever a mystery . 
 he wrapped my hands around the smooth horn of the cup , the carved gold almost soft under my fingers . 
 he pressed my hands to the cup . 
 i wondered , where had the white knife gone ? 
 a deep voice that was no man 's voice and every man 's voice said , `` where it belongs . '' 
 the knife appeared in the cup , blade-down , and it was shining again , as if a star had fallen into that cup of horn and gold . 
 `` drink and be merry . '' 
 he laughed then at his own pun . 
 he raised the shining cup to my lips and vanished to the warm sound of his own laughter . 
 i drank from the horn and found it full of the sweetest mead i had ever drunk , thick with honey , and warm as if the heat of the summer itself slipped across my tongue , caressed my throat . 
 i swallowed and it was more intoxicating than any mere drink . 
 power is the most intoxicating drink of all . 
 i woke surrounded by a circle of faces , in a bed that was not mine . 
 faces the color of darkest night , whitest snow , the pale green of new leaves , the gold of summer sunshine , the brown of leaves trodden underfoot destined to be rich earth . 
 but there was no pale skin that held all the colors of a brilliant crystal , like a diamond carved into flesh . 
 i blinked up at all of them , and wondered - remembering my dream - where were the cookies ? 
 doyle 's voice , deep and thick , as if it came from a great distance , said , `` princess meredith , are you well ? '' 
 i sat up , nude in the bed with black silk sheets , cold against my skin . 
 the queen had loaned us her room for the night . 
 real fur , soft and nearly alive , pressed against my hip . 
 the fur covering moved , and kitto 's face blinked up at me . 
 his huge blue eyes dominated his pale face and held no white in all that color . 
 the color was seelie sidhe , but the eyes themselves were goblin . 
 he had been a child of the last great goblin csidhe war . 
 his pale perfect body was barely four feet tall , a delicate man , the only one of my men who was shorter than i was . 
 he looked child-like cuddled down in the fur , his face framed like some cherub for a valentine 's day card . 
 he had been more than a thousand years old before christianity was a word . 
 he 'd been part of my treaty with the goblins . 
 they were my allies because he shared my bed . 
 his hand found my arm and stroked up and down my skin , seeking comfort as we all did when we were nervous . 
 he did n't like me staring at him without saying anything . 
 he had been curled up close to me , and the power of the goddess and the god in my dream must have slipped across his skin . 
 the faces of the fifteen men standing in their circle around the bed showed clearly that they had felt something , too . 
 doyle repeated his question : `` princess meredith , are you well ? '' 
 i looked at my captain of the guard , my lover , his face as black as the cloak i had worn in vision , or the fur of the boar that had run out into the snow and brought spring back to the land . 
 i had to close my eyes and breathe deeply , trying to break free of the last vestiges of vision and dream . 
 trying to be in the here and now . 
 i raised my hands from the tangle of sheets . 
 in my right hand was a cup formed of horn , the horn ancient and yellowed , held in gold that bore symbols that few outside faerie could read now . 
 in my left hand i expected to find the white knife , but it was not there . 
 my left hand was empty . 
 i stared at it for a moment , then raised the cup with both hands . 
 `` my god , '' rhys whispered , though the whisper was strangely loud . 
 `` yes , '' doyle said , `` that is exactly what it is . '' 
 `` what did he say when he gave you the cup of horn ? '' 
 it was abe who asked . 
 abe with his hair striped in shades of pale grey , dark grey , black , and white , perfect strands of color . 
 his eyes were a few shades darker grey than most human eyes , but not otherworldly , not really . 
 if you dressed him like a modern goth , he 'd be the hit of any club scene . 
 his eyes were strangely solemn . 
 he 'd been the drunk and joke of the court for more years than i could remember . 
 but now there was a different person looking out from his face , a glimpse of what he might once have been . 
 someone who thought before he spoke , someone who had other preoccupations than getting drunk as quickly and as often as he could . 
 abe swallowed hard and asked again , `` what did he say ? '' 
 i answered him this time . 
 `` drink and be merry . '' 
 abe smiled , wistful , sorrow-filled . 
 `` that sounds like him . '' 
 `` like who ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` the cup used to be mine . 
 my symbol . '' 
 i crawled to the edge of the bed and knelt on it . 
 i held the cup up with both hands toward him . 
 `` drink and be merry , abeloec . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` i do not deserve the god 's favor , princess . 
 i do not deserve anyone 's favor . '' 
 i suddenly knew - not by way of a vision - i just suddenly possessed the knowledge . 
 `` you were n't thrown out of the seelie court for seducing the wrong woman , as everyone believes . 
 you were thrown out because you lost your powers , and once you could no longer make the courtiers merry with drink and revelry , taranis kicked you out of the golden court . '' 
 a tear trembled on the edge of one eye . 
 abeloec stood there , straight and proud in a way that i had never seen him . 
 i 'd never seen him sober , as he appeared to be now . 
 clearly he 'd drunk to forget , but he was still immortal and sidhe , which meant that no drug , no drink , could ever truly help him find oblivion . 
 he could be clouded , but never truly know the rush of any drug . 
 he finally nodded , and that was enough to spill the tear onto his cheek . 
 i caught the tear on the edge of the horn cup . 
 that tiny drop seemed to race down the inside of the cup faster than gravity should pull it . 
 i do n't know if the others could see what was happening , but abe and i watched the tear race for the bottom of that cup . 
 the tear slid inside the dark curve of the bottom , and suddenly there was liquid spilling up , bubbling up like a spring from the dark inner curve of the horn . 
 deep gold liquid filled the cup to its brim , and the smell of honey and berries and the pungent smell of alcohol filled the room . 
 abe 's hands cupped over mine in the same way i had held the cup in the vision with the god . 
 i raised it up , and as abeloec 's lips touched the rim , i said , `` drink and be merry . 
 drink and be mine . '' 
 he hesitated before he drank , and i observed an intelligence in those grey eyes that i 'd never glimpsed before . 
 he spoke with his lips brushing the edge of the cup . 
 he wanted to drink . 
 i could feel it in the eager tremble in his hands as they covered mine . 
 `` i belonged to a king once . 
 when i was no longer his court fool , he cast me out . '' 
 the trembling in his hands slowed , as if each word steadied him . 
 `` i belonged to a queen once . 
 she hated me , always , and made certain by her words and her deeds that i knew just how much she hated me . '' 
 his hands were warm and firm against mine . 
 his eyes were deep , dark grey , charcoal grey , with a hint of black somewhere in the center . 
 `` i have never belonged to a princess , but i fear you . 
 i fear what you will do to me . 
 what you will make me do to others . 
 i fear taking this drink and binding myself to your fate . '' 
 i shook my head but never lost the concentration of his eyes . 
 `` i do not bind you to my fate , abeloec , nor me to yours . 
 i merely say , drink of the power that was once yours to wield . 
 be what you once were . 
 this is not my gift to give to you . 
 this cup belongs to the god , the consort . 
 he gave it to me and bid me share it with you . '' 
 `` he spoke of me ? '' 
 `` no , not you specifically , but he bid me to share it with others . 
 the goddess told me to give you all something else to eat . '' 
 i frowned , unsure how to explain everything i 'd seen , or done . 
 vision is always more sensible inside your head than on your tongue . 
 i tried to put into words what i felt in my heart . 
 `` the first drink is yours , but not the last . 
 drink , and we will see what happens . '' 
 `` i am afraid , '' he whispered . 
 `` be afraid , but take your drink , abeloec . '' 
 `` you do not think less of me for being afraid . '' 
 `` only those who have never known fear are allowed to think less of others for being afraid . 
 frankly , i think anyone who has never been afraid of anything in their entire life is either a liar or lacks imagination . '' 
 it made him smile , then laugh , and in that laughter i heard the echo of the god . 
 some piece of abeloec 's old godhead had kept this cup safe for centuries . 
 some shadow of his old power had waited and kept watch . 
 watched for someone who could find their way through vision to a hill on the edge of winter and spring ; on the edge of darkness and dawn ; a place between , where mortal and immortal could touch . 
 his laughter made me smile , and there were answering chuckles from around the room . 
 it was the kind of laughter that would be infectious . 
 he would laugh and you would have to laugh with him . 
 `` just by holding the cup in your hand , '' rhys said , `` your laughter makes me smile . 
 you have n't been that amusing in centuries . '' 
 he turned his boyishly handsome face to us , with its scars where his other tricolored blue eye would have been . 
 `` drink , and see what is left of who you thought you were , or do n't drink , and go back to being shadow and a joke . '' 
 `` a bad joke , '' abeloec said . 
 rhys nodded and came to stand close to us . 
 his white curls fell to his waist , framing a body that was the most seriously muscled of any of the guards . 
 he was also the shortest of them , a full-blooded sidhe who was only five foot six - unheard of . 
 `` what do you have to lose ? '' 
 `` i would have to try again . 
 i would have to care again , '' said abe . 
 he stared at rhys as completely as he had at me , as if what we were saying meant everything . 
 `` if all you want is to crawl back into another bottle or another bag of powder , then do it . 
 step away from the cup and let someone else drink , '' rhys said . 
 a look of pain crossed abeloec 's face . 
 `` it 's mine . 
 it 's part of who i was . '' 
 `` the god did n't mention you by name , abe , '' rhys said . 
 `` he told her to share , not who with . '' 
 `` but it 's mine . '' 
 `` only if you take it , '' rhys said , and his voice was low and clear , and somehow gentle , as if he understood more than i did why abe was afraid . 
 `` it 's mine , '' abe said again . 
 `` then drink , '' rhys said , `` drink and be merry . '' 
 `` drink and be damned , '' abeloec said . 
 rhys touched his arm . 
 `` no , abe , say it , and do your best to believe it . 
 drink and be merry . 
 i 've seen more of us come back into our power than you have . 
 the attitude affects it , or can . '' 
 abeloec started to let go of the cup , but i moved off the bed and came to stand in front of him . 
 `` you will bring everything you learned in this long sad time with you , but you will still be you . 
 you will be who you were , just older and wiser . 
 wisdom bought at great cost is nothing to regret . '' 
 he stared down at me with his eyes a dark and perfect grey . 
 `` you bid me drink . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` no . 
 it must be your choice . '' 
 `` you will not command me ? '' 
 i shook my head again . 
 `` the princess has some very american views on freewill , '' rhys said . 
 `` i take that as a compliment , '' i said . 
 `` but ... , '' abe said , softly . 
 `` yes , '' rhys said , `` it means it 's all on you . 
 your choice . 
 your fate . 
 all in your hands . 
 enough rope to hang yourself , as they say . '' 
 `` or save yourself , '' doyle said , and he came to stand on the other side , like a taller darkness to rhys 's white . 
 abeloec and i stood with white on one side , black on the other . 
 rhys had once been cromm cruach , a god of death and life . 
 doyle was the queen 's chief assassin , but once he had been nodons , a god of healing . 
 we stood between them , and when i looked up at abeloec something moved in his eyes , some shadow of that person i had glimpsed on the hill inside the hood of a cloak . 
 abeloec raised the cup , taking my hands with it . 
 we raised the cup together and he lowered his head . 
 his lips hesitated for a breath on the edge of that smooth horn , then he drank . 
 he kept tipping the cup back , until he had to drop to his knees so that my hands stayed on the cup while he upended it . 
 he drank it down in one long swallow . 
 on his knees , releasing the cup , he threw his head back , eyes closed . 
 his body bent backward , until he lay in a pool of his own striped hair , his knees still bent underneath him . 
 he lay for a moment so still , so very still , that i feared for him . 
 i waited for his chest to rise and fall . 
 i willed him to breathe , but he did n't . 
 he lay like one asleep , except for the odd angle of his legs - no one slept like that . 
 his face had smoothed out , and i realized that abe was one of the few sidhe who had permanent worry lines , tiny wrinkles at eye and mouth . 
 they smoothed in his sleep , if it was sleep . 
 i dropped to my knees beside him , the cup still in my hands . 
 i leaned over him , touched the side of his face . 
 he never moved . 
 i placed my hand on the side of his face and whispered his name : `` abeloec . '' 
 his eyes flew open wide . 
 it startled me . 
 drew a soft gasp from my lips . 
 he grabbed my wrist at his face , and his other arm wrapped around my waist . 
 he sat up , or knelt up , in one powerful movement , with me in his arms . 
 he laughed , and it was n't a mere echo of what i 'd heard in my vision . 
 the laughter filled the room , and the other men laughed with him . 
 the room rang with joyous masculine laughter . 
 i laughed with him , them . 
 it was impossible not to laugh with the pure joy in his face so close to mine . 
 he leaned in , closing the last inches between our mouths . 
 i knew he was going to kiss me , and i wanted him to . 
 i wanted to feel that laughter inside me . 
 his mouth pressed against mine . 
 a great cry went up among the men , joyous and rough . 
 his tongue licked light along my bottom lip , and i opened my mouth to him . 
 he thrust himself inside my mouth , and suddenly all i could taste was honey and fruit , and mead . 
 it was n't just his symbol . 
 he was the cup , or what it contained . 
 his tongue shoved inside me until i had to open my mouth wide or choke . 
 and it was like swallowing the thick , golden honeyed mead . 
 he was the intoxicating cup . 
 i was on the floor with him on top of me , but he was too tall to kiss me deeply and press much of anything else against my naked body at the same time . 
 beneath us was a fur throw that lay on the stone floor . 
 it tickled along my skin , helped every movement he made be something more , as if the fur were helping caress me . 
 our skin began to glow as if we 'd swallowed the moon at her ripe bursting fullness , and her light was shining out from our skin . 
 the white streaks in his hair showed a pale luminous blue . 
 his charcoal-grey eyes stayed strangely dark . 
 i knew that my eyes glowed , each circle of color , green of grass , pale green jade , and that molten gold . 
 i knew that every circle of my iris glowed . 
 my hair cast a reddish light around my vision : it shone like spun garnets with fire inside them when i glowed . 
 his eyes were like some deep , dark cave where the light could not go . 
 abruptly , i realized that for a long while , we had n't been kissing . 
 we 'd simply been staring into each other 's faces . 
 i leaned up toward him , wrapped my hands around him . 
 i 'd forgotten i still held the cup in one hand , and it touched his bare back . 
 his spine bowed , and liquid poured across his skin ; though the cup had been emptied before , it was full again . 
 heavy , cool liquid rushed down his body and over mine , drenching us in that thick golden flow . 
 pale blue lines danced across his skin . 
 i could n't tell if they were under his skin , inside his body , or on the surface of his glowing torso . 
 he kissed me . 
 he kissed me deep and long , and this time he did n't taste like mead . 
 he tasted of flesh , of lips and mouth and tongue , and the graze of teeth along my lower lip . 
 and still the mead ran down our bodies , spreading out , out into a golden pool . 
 the fur underneath us flattened in the tide of it . 
 he spilled his mouth and hands down my body , over my breasts . 
 he held them in his hands , gently , caressed my nipples with his lips and tongue until i cried out , and i felt my body grow wet , but not from the spreading golden pool of mead . 
 i watched the pale blue lines on his arm flow into shapes , flowers and vines , and move down his hand and across my skin . 
 it felt as if someone traced a feather across my skin . 
 a voice cried out , and it was n't me , and it was n't abeloec . 
 brii had fallen to his hands and knees , his long yellow hair spilling down into the growing pool of mead . 
 abeloec sucked harder on my breast , forcing my attention back to him . 
 his eyes still did n't glow , but there was that intensity in them that is a kind of magic , a kind of power . 
 the power that all men have when they spill themselves down your body with skilled hands and mouth . 
 he moved his mouth over me , drinking where the mead had pooled in the hollow of my stomach . 
 he licked the tender skin just above the hair that curled between my legs . 
 his tongue pressed in long sure strokes over such innocent skin . 
 it made me wonder what it would be like when he dropped lower to things that were n't so innocent . 
 a man 's strangled cry made me look away from abeloec 's dark eyes . 
 i knew that voice . 
 galen had fallen to his knees . 
 his skin was a green so pale it was white , but now green lines traced his skin , glowing , writhing under his skin . 
 forming vines and flowers , pictures . 
 other cries drew my attention to the rest of the room . 
 of the fifteen guards , most were on their knees , or worse . 
 some had fallen flat to the floor to writhe on their stomachs , as if they were trapped in the flowing golden liquid , as if it were liquid amber and they were insects about to be caught forever . 
 and they fought against their fate . 
 lines of blue , or green , or red , traced their bodies . 
 i caught glimpses of animals , vines , images drawn over their skin , like tattoos that were alive and growing . 
 doyle and rhys stood in the growing tide and seemed unmoved . 
 but doyle stared at his hands and arms , at lines tracing those strong arms , crimson against that blackness . 
 rhys 's body was painted with palest blue , but he did n't watch the lines ; he watched me and abeloec . 
 frost , also , stood in the writhing spill of liquid , but he , like doyle , stared at the tracing of lines that glowed over his skin . 
 nicca stood tall and straight with his brown hair and the brilliant spill of his wings , like the sails of some faerie ship , but no lines covered his skin : he remained untouched . 
 it was barinthus , tallest of all the sidhe , who had moved to the door . 
 he stood pressed to it , avoiding the spill of mead that seemed to creep like a thing alive across the floor . 
 he held on to the door handle as if it would not open . 
 as if we were trapped here until the magic had its way with us . 
 a small sound drew me back to gaze at the bed , and kitto still perched there , safe above the flowing mead . 
 his eyes were wide , as if he was afraid , regardless . 
 he was afraid of so much . 
 abeloec rubbed his cheek across my thigh . 
 it brought me back to him . 
 back to gazing into those dark , almost human eyes . 
 the glow of his skin and mine had dimmed . 
 i realized that he 'd paused to let me look around the room . 
 now his hands slid under my thighs , and he lowered his face , hesitating , as if he were coming in for a chaste kiss . 
 but what he did with his mouth was n't chaste . 
 he plunged his tongue thick and sure across me . 
 the sensation threw my head back , bowed my spine . 
 upside down , i saw the door open , saw the surprised look on the face of barinthus as mistral , the queen 's new captain of the guard , strode in . 
 his hair the grey of rain clouds . 
 once he had been the master of storms , a sky god . 
 now he strode into the room and slipped on the mead , started to fall . 
 then it was as if the world blinked . 
 one moment he was falling near the door ; the next he was above me , falling toward me . 
 he put his hands out to try to catch himself , and i put my arms up to keep him from falling on top of me . 
 his hand caught the floor , but my hand touched his chest . 
 he shuddered above me on his knees and one hand , as if i had made his heart stutter . 
 i touched him through the tough softness of leather armor . 
 he was safe behind it , but the look on his face was that of a stricken man , eyes wide . 
 he was close enough now that i could see his eyes were the swimming green of the sky before a great storm breaks , destroying all in its path . 
 only great anxiety could bring his eyes to that color , or great anger . 
 long ago , the sky itself had changed with the color of mistral 's eyes . 
 my skin sang to life , glowing like a white-hot star . 
 abeloec glowed with me . 
 for the first time , i saw the lines on my own skin , and the writhing lines of color marched over us , neon blue in the glow . 
 i watched a thorny vine crawl blue and alive down my hand to unfurl across mistral 's pale skin . 
 mistral 's body convulsed above me , and it was as if the lines of color drew him down toward me ; as if they were ropes pulling him down , down . 
 his eyes stayed unwilling , his body fighting with muscle and might . 
 only when he was nearly on top of me and abeloec , and only the force of his shoulders held his face above mine , did his eyes change . 
 i watched that frightening storm green fade from his eyes , replaced with a blue as swimming and pure as a summer sky . 
 i 'd never known his eyes could be that blue . 
 the blue lines in his skin painted a lightning bolt across his cheek ; then his face was too close to mine for me to see details . 
 his mouth was upon mine , and i kissed mistral for the second time ever . 
 he kissed me , as if he would breathe the air he needed to live from my mouth , as if , if his mouth did not touch mine , it would be death . 
 his hands slid down my body , and when he touched my breasts he made a sound deep in his throat that was eager - almost a sound of pain . 
 abeloec chose that moment to remind me that there was more than one mouth against my body . 
 he fed between my legs with tongue and lips and , lightly , teeth , so that i made my own eager sounds into mistral 's mouth . 
 it drew another of those sounds from him that was both eager and pain-filled , as if he wanted this so badly that it hurt . 
 his hand convulsed on my breast . 
 hard enough that it did hurt , but in that way that pain can feed into pleasure . 
 i writhed under both their mouths , plunging lips to mistral , hips to abeloec . 
 it was at that moment that the world swam . 
 i thought at first it was simply the inside of my own head , caught in pleasure . 
 but then i realized there was no longer a fur rug , heavy with mead , under my body . 
 i lay instead on dry twigs that poked and prodded my bare skin . 
 the shift of surroundings was enough to draw the attention of us all away from mouths and hands . 
 we were in a dark place , for the only light was the glow of our bodies . 
 but it was a brighter glow than just the three of us held . 
 it made me look beyond the men touching me . 
 frost , rhys , and galen were like pale ghosts of themselves . 
 doyle was almost invisible except for the lines of power . 
 there were others glowing in the dark , almost all the vegetative deities and nicca , standing with his wings glowing around him . 
 they 'd gone back to being a tattoo on his back until tonight . 
 i did n't remember nicca touching the mead . 
 i looked for barinthus and kitto , but they were n't here . 
 it was as if the magic had picked and chosen among my men . 
 by the glow of our bodies i saw dead plants . 
 withered things . 
 we were in the dead gardens - those once magical underground lands where legend had it that faerie had its own sun and moon , rain and weather . 
 but i had never known any of that . 
 the power of the sidhe had faded long before i was born . 
 the gardens were simply dead now , and the sky overhead was only bare , empty rock . 
 i heard someone say , `` how ? '' 
 then those lines of color flared bright : crimson , neon blue , emerald green in the dark . 
 it forced cries from the dark , and sent abeloec 's mouth back between my legs . 
 mistral 's mouth pressed into mine , his hands eager on my body . 
 it was a sweet trap , but trap it was , laid for us by something that cared little for what we wanted . 
 the magic of faerie held us , and we would not be free until that magic was satisfied . 
 abeloec 's tongue made long , sure strokes around the edge of my opening , then a caress at the top as he moved downward again . 
 mistral 's hands played with my breasts in the same way he kissed , as if he could not fill his hands with enough of my body , as if the sensation was something that he had to have . 
 he rolled my nipples between his fingers , and finally moved his mouth from mine to join his hands at my breasts . 
 he took one breast into his mouth , as far as he could , as if he would truly eat my flesh . 
 he sucked hard , and harder , until his teeth began to press into me . 
 abeloec moved up to that sweet place at the top of my opening and began to roll his tongue over and around it . 
 mistral 's teeth pressed in slowly , as if he were waiting for me to say stop , but i did n't . 
 the combination of abeloec 's mouth , sure and gentle between my legs , and the inexorable pressure of mistral 's mouth on my breast , tight and tighter , was exquisite . 
 a soft breeze danced across my skin . 
 a trickle of wind pushed strands of mistral 's hair across my body , pulling strands free from his long ponytail . 
 his teeth continued their relentless press . 
 he was crushing my breast between his teeth , and it felt so good . 
 abeloec 's tongue flicked fast and faster over that one sweet point . 
 the wind blew harder , sending dead leaves skittering across our bodies . 
 mistral 's teeth were almost met in my breast , and it hurt now . 
 i opened my mouth to tell him to stop , but in that moment abeloec flicked that one last time i needed . 
 he brought me screaming , my hands flinging outward , upward , searching for something to hold on to , while abeloec built the orgasm with tongue and mouth . 
 my hands found mistral . 
 i dug nails into his bare arms , and only when one of my hands reached for his thigh did he grab my wrist . 
 to do it , he had to release my breast from the prison of his mouth . 
 he pinned my hands into the dry earth , while i screamed and strained to reach him with nails and teeth . 
 he stayed just above me , pressing my wrists into the ground . 
 he stared down at me with eyes flickering with light . 
 my last sight of his eyes , before abeloec made me fling my head from side to side , fighting against the pleasure , was that they were full of lightning , flickering , dancing , so bright it made shadows on the glow of my skin . 
 abeloec 's hands dug into my thighs , holding me in place , while i struggled to break free . 
 it felt so good - so good - that i thought i would lose my mind if he did n't stop . 
 so good that i wanted him both to stop , and never to stop . 
 the wind blew harder . 
 dried , woody vines screeched in the growing wind , and trees creaked with protest , as if their dead limbs would not last the wind . 
 the lines of color that fed out from abeloec , red and blue and green , grew brighter with the wind . 
 the colors pulsed bright and brighter . 
 maybe because the light was so intensely colored , it did n't so much push back the darkness as make the darkness glow - as if the endless night had been brushed with neon lights . 
 abeloec let go of my thighs , and the moment he did the lights dimmed , just a little . 
 he knelt between my legs and began unlacing his breeches . 
 his modern clothes had been ruined in last night 's assassination attempt , and he , like most of the men who rarely left faerie , had few things with zippers or metal buttons . 
 i started to say no , because he had n't asked , and because the magic was receding . 
 i could think again , as if the orgasm had cleared my mind . 
 i was supposed to be having as much sex as i could , for if i did n't get with child soon , not only would i never be queen , but i 'd probably be dead . 
 if my cousin cel got someone with child before i got pregnant , he would be king , and he would kill me , and all who were loyal to me . 
 it was an incentive to fuck that no aphrodisiac could match . 
 but there was something sharp under my back , and more smaller pains up and down my body . 
 dead branches and bits of plant poking and biting at me . 
 i had n't noticed it until after the orgasm , when the endorphins were receding at a rapid rate . 
 there 'd been almost no afterglow , just mind-blowing orgasm , and then this feeling of fading , of being aware of every discomfort . 
 if abeloec had missionary position in mind , we needed a blanket . 
 it was n't like me to lose interest so quickly . 
 if abeloec was as talented with other things as he was with his mouth , then he was someone i wanted to bed , just for sheer pleasure . 
 so why did i suddenly find myself with no upon my lips and a desire to get up off the ground ? 
 then a voice came out of the growing dark as the lines of color faded - a voice that froze us all where we were and sent my heart pounding into my throat . 
 `` well , well , well , i call for my captain of the guard , mistral , and he is nowhere to be found . 
 my healer tells me that you all vanished from the bedroom . 
 i searched for you in the dark , and here you are . '' 
 andais , queen of air and darkness , stepped out from the far wall . 
 her pale skin was a whiteness in the growing dark , but there was light around her , light as if black could be a flame and give illumination . 
 `` if you had stood in the light , i would have not found you , but you stand in the dark , the deep dark of the dead gardens . 
 you can not hide from me here , mistral . '' 
 `` no one was hiding from you , my queen , '' doyle said - the first any of us had spoken since we 'd all been brought here . 
 she waved him silent and walked over the dry grass . 
 the wind that had been whipping the leaves was dying now , as the colors died . 
 the last of the wind fluttered the hem of her black robe . 
 `` wind ? '' 
 she made it a question . 
 `` there has not been wind in here for centuries . '' 
 mistral had left me to drop to his knees before her . 
 his skin faded as he moved away from me and abeloec . 
 i wondered if his eyes still flashed with lightning , but was betting they did not . 
 `` why did you leave my side , mistral ? '' 
 she touched his chin with long pointed nails , raised his face so he had to look at her . 
 `` i sought guidance , '' he said in a voice that both was low and seemed to carry in the growing dark . 
 now that abeloec and i had stopped having sex , all the light was fading , all the flow on everyone 's skin was dying away . 
 soon we would stand in a darkness so absolute that you could touch your own eyeball without first blinking . 
 a cat would be blind in here ; even a cat 's eyes need some light . 
 `` guidance for what , mistral ? '' 
 she made of his name an evil whine that held the threat of pain , as a smell on the wind can promise rain . 
 he tried to bow his head , but she kept her fingertips under his chin . 
 `` you sought guidance from my darkness ? '' 
 abeloec helped me to my feet and held me close , not for romance , but the way all the fey do when they 're nervous . 
 we touch one another , huddling in the dark , as if the touch of another 's hand will keep the great bad thing from happening . 
 `` yes , '' mistral said . 
 `` liar , '' the queen said , and the last thing i saw before the darkness swallowed the world was the gleam of a blade in her other hand . 
 it flashed from her robe , where she 'd hidden it . 
 i spoke before i could think : `` no ! '' 
 her voice crawled out of the darkness and seemed to creep along my skin . 
 `` meredith , niece , do you actually forbid me from punishing one of my own guards ? 
 not one of your guards , but mine , mine ! '' 
 the darkness was heavier , thicker , and it took more effort to breathe . 
 i knew she could make the very air so heavy that it would crush the life out of me . 
 she could make the air so thick that my mortal lungs could n't draw it in . 
 she 'd nearly killed me just yesterday , when i interfered in one of her `` entertainments . '' 
 `` there was wind in the dead gardens . '' 
 doyle 's deep voice came so low , so deep , that it seemed to vibrate along my spine . 
 `` you felt the wind . 
 you remarked upon the wind . '' 
 `` yes , i did , but now it is gone . 
 now the gardens are dead , dead as they will always be . '' 
 a pale green light sprang from the darkness . 
 doyle holding a cup of sickly greenish flames in his hands . 
 it was one of his hands of power . 
 i 'd seen the touch of that fire crawl over other sidhe and make them wish for death . 
 but as so many things in faerie , it had other uses . 
 it was a welcome light in the dark . 
 the light showed that it was no longer her fingertips that held mistral 's chin upward , but the edge of a blade . 
 her blade , mortal dread . 
 one of the few things left that could bring true death to the immortal sidhe . 
 `` what if the gardens could live again ? '' 
 doyle asked . 
 `` as the roses outside the throne room live again . '' 
 she smiled most unpleasantly . 
 `` do you propose to spill more of meredith 's precious blood ? 
 that was the price for the roses ' renewal . '' 
 `` there are ways to give life that do not require blood , '' he said . 
 `` you think you can fuck the gardens back to life ? '' 
 she asked . 
 she used the edge of the blade to raise mistral up high on his knees . 
 doyle said , `` yes . '' 
 `` this , i would like to see , '' she said . 
 `` i do n't think it will work if you are here , '' rhys said . 
 a pale white light appeared over his head . 
 small , round , a gentle whiteness that illumined where he walked . 
 it was the light that most of the sidhe , and many of the lesser fey , could make at will ; a small magic that most possessed . 
 if i wanted light in the dark , i had to find a flashlight or a match . 
 rhys moved , in his soft circle of light , slowly , toward the queen . 
 she spoke : `` a little fucking after a few centuries of celibacy makes you bold , one-eye . '' 
 `` the fucking makes me happy , '' he said . 
 `` this makes me bold . '' 
 he raised his right arm , showing her the underside of it . 
 the light was not strong enough , and the angle not right , for me to see what was so interesting . 
 she frowned ; then , as he moved closer , her eyes widened . 
 `` what is that ? '' 
 but her hand had lowered enough that mistral was no longer trying to raise himself up on his knees to keep from being cut . 
 `` it is exactly what you think it is , my queen , '' doyle said . 
 he began to move closer to her , as well . 
 `` close enough , both of you . '' 
 she emphasized her words by forcing mistral back high on his knees . 
 `` we mean you no harm , my queen , '' doyle said . 
 `` perhaps i mean you harm , darkness . '' 
 `` that is your privilege , '' he said . 
 i opened my mouth to correct him , because he was my captain of the guard now . 
 she was n't allowed to simply hurt him for the hell of it , not anymore . 
 abeloec tightened his hand on my arm . 
 he whispered against my hair , `` not yet , princess . 
 the darkness does not need your help yet . '' 
 i wanted to argue , but his reasoning was sound , as far as it went . 
 i opened my mouth to argue , but as i looked up into his face , the argument fell away from me . 
 his suggestion just seemed so reasonable . 
 something bumped my hip , and i realized he was holding the horn cup . 
 he was the cup , and the cup was him , in some mystical way , but when he touched it , he became more . 
 more ... reasonable . 
 or rather his suggestions did . 
 i was n't sure i liked that he could do that to me , but i let it go . 
 we had enough problems without getting sidetracked . 
 i whispered , `` what is on rhys 's arm ? '' 
 but abeloec and i stood in the dark , and the queen of air and darkness could hear anything that was spoken into the air in the dark . 
 she answered me , `` show her , rhys . 
 show her what has made you bold . '' 
 rhys did n't turn his back on her , but moved sort of sideways toward us . 
 the soft , white sourceless light moved with him , outlining his upper body . 
 in a battle it would have been worse than useless ; it would have made him a target . 
 but the immortal do n't sweat things like that - if you ca n't die , i guess you can make as obvious a target of yourself as you like . 
 the light touched us first , like that first white breath of dawn that slides across the sky , so white , so pure , when dawn is nothing more than the fading of darkness . 
 as rhys got closer to us , the white light seemed to expand , sliding down his body , showing that he was still nude . 
 he held his arm out toward me . 
 there was a pale blue outline of a fish that stretched from just above his wrist almost to his elbow . 
 the fish was head-down toward his hand and seemed oddly curved , like a half circle waiting for its other half . 
 abeloec touched it much as the queen had done , lightly , with just his fingertips . 
 `` i have not seen that on your arm since i stopped being a pub keeper . '' 
 `` i know rhys 's body , '' i said . 
 `` it 's never been there before . '' 
 `` not in your lifetime , '' abeloec said . 
 i glanced from him to rhys . 
 to him , i said , `` it 's a fish , why ... '' `` a salmon , '' he said , `` to be exact . '' 
 i closed my mouth so i would n't say something stupid . 
 i tried to do what my father had always taught me to do , think . 
 i thought out loud ... `` a salmon means knowledge . 
 one of our legends says that because the salmon is the oldest living creature , it has all the knowledge since the world began . 
 it means longevity , because of the same legend . '' 
 `` legend , is it ? '' 
 rhys said with a smile . 
 `` i have a degree in biology , rhys ; nothing you say will convince me that a salmon predated the trilobites , or even the dinosaurs . 
 modern fish is just that , modern , on a geological scale . '' 
 abeloec was looking at me curiously . 
 `` i 'd forgotten prince essus insisted on you being educated among the humans . '' 
 he smiled . 
 `` when you 're reasoning things out , you are n't as easy to distract . '' 
 he tightened his other hand , with the cup still gripped in it . 
 i frowned , and finally stepped away from him . 
 `` stop that . '' 
 `` you drank from his cup , '' rhys said . 
 `` he should be able to persuade you of almost anything . '' 
 he grinned as he said it . 
 `` if you were human . '' 
 `` i guess she 's not human enough , '' abeloec said . 
 `` you 're all acting as if that pale tattoo is important . 
 i do n't understand why . '' 
 `` did n't essus ever tell you about it ? '' 
 asked rhys . 
 i frowned . 
 `` my father did n't mention anything about a tattoo on your arm . '' 
 the queen made a derisive noise . 
 `` essus did n't think you were important enough to be told . '' 
 `` he did n't tell her , '' doyle said , `` for the same reason that galen does n't know . '' 
 galen was still lying in the dead garden . 
 all the other men who had fallen to the ground were still kneeling or sitting in the dead vegetation . 
 a soft greenish white glow began to form above galen 's head . 
 not a nimbus like that of rhys , but more of a small ball of light above his head . 
 galen found his voice , hoarse , and had to clear it sharply before he said , `` i do n't know about any tattoos on rhys , either . '' 
 `` none of us has told the younger ones , queen andais , '' doyle said . 
 `` everyone knows that our followers painted themselves with symbols and went into battle with only those symbols to shield them . '' 
 `` they eventually learned to wear armor , '' andais said . 
 her arm had lowered enough for mistral to be comfortable on his knees again . 
 `` yes , and only the last few fanatical tribes kept trying to seek our favor and blessing . 
 they died for that devotion , '' doyle said . 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` once we , the sidhe , their gods , were painted with symbols that were our sign of blessing from the goddess and the god . 
 but as our power faded , so did the marks upon our bodies . '' 
 doyle said it all in his thick-as-molasses voice . 
 rhys picked up the story . 
 `` once , if our followers painted their bodies to mimic us , they gained some of the protection , the magic , that we had . 
 it was a sign of devotion , yes , but once long , long ago , it literally could call us to their aid . '' 
 he looked at the faint blue fish on his arm . 
 `` i have not held this mark for nearly four thousand years . '' 
 `` it is faint and incomplete , '' the queen said from the far wall . 
 `` yes . '' 
 rhys nodded and looked at her . 
 `` but it is a beginning . '' 
 nicca 's voice came soft , and i 'd almost forgotten him , standing so still to one side . 
 his wings began to gleam in the dark , as if their veins had begun to pulse with light instead of blood . 
 he fanned those huge wings . 
 they had been only a birthmark on the back of his body until a few days ago , when they had sprung from his back , real and true at last . 
 they began to glow as if the individual colors were stained glass gleaming in sunlight that we could not see . 
 he held out his right hand , and showed us a mark on the outer part of the wrist , almost on the hand itself . 
 the light was too uncertain for me to be sure of what it was , but doyle said , `` a butterfly . '' 
 `` i have never held a mark of favor from the goddess , '' nicca said in his soft voice . 
 the queen lowered her blade completely , so that it went back to being invisible in the full black skirt of her robe . 
 `` what of the rest of you ? '' 
 `` you 'll be able to feel it , if you think about it , '' rhys said to the others . 
 frost called a ball of light that was a dim silver-grey . 
 it held above his head much as galen 's greenish light had . 
 frost began unbuttoning his shirt . 
 he rarely went nude if he could avoid it , so i knew before he bared the perfect curve of his right shoulder that there would be something there . 
 he turned his arm so he could see it . 
 the queen said , `` show us . '' 
 he let her see first , then turned in a slow half circle to us . 
 it was as pale and blue as rhys 's had been , a small dead tree , leafless , naked , and the ground underneath it seemed to hint at a snowbank . 
 like rhys 's salmon it was dim , and not drawn in completely , as if someone had begun the job but not finished . 
 `` killing frost has never held a sign of favor , '' the queen said , and her voice was strangely unhappy . 
 `` no , '' frost said , `` i have not . 
 i was not fully sidhe when last the sidhe held such favors . '' 
 he shrugged back into his shirt and began to button it into place . 
 he was n't just dressed , he was armed . 
 most of the others held a sword and dagger , but only doyle and frost had guns . 
 rhys had left his gun behind with his clothes in the bedroom . 
 i noticed a bulge here and there under frost 's shirt , which meant he held more weapons than could be easily seen . 
 he liked being armed , but this many weapons meant something had made him nervous . 
 the assassination attempts , maybe , or maybe something else . 
 his handsome face was closed to me , hidden behind the arrogance that he used as a mask . 
 perhaps he was just hiding his thoughts and feelings from the queen , but then again ... frost tended to be moody . 
 rhys said , `` let abeloec and merry finish what they began . 
 let us all finish it . '' 
 queen andais took in a deep breath , so that even across the dimly lit chamber i could see the rise and fall of the v of white flesh in her robe . 
 `` very well , finish it . 
 then come to me , for we have much to discuss . '' 
 she held out her hand to mistral . 
 `` come , my captain , let us leave them to their pleasures . '' 
 mistral did not question . 
 he stood and took her pale hand . 
 `` we need him , '' rhys said . 
 `` no , '' andais said , `` no , i have given meredith my green men . 
 she does not need the whole world . '' 
 `` does grass grow without wind and rain ? '' 
 doyle asked . 
 `` no , '' she said , and her voice was unfriendly again , as if she would like to be angry but could n't afford to be right now . 
 andais was a creature of her temper ; she always indulged it . 
 this much self-restraint from her was rare . 
 `` to make spring , you need many things , my queen , '' said doyle . 
 `` without warmth and water , plants wither and die . '' 
 they stared at each other , the queen and her darkness . 
 it was the queen who looked away first . 
 `` mistral may stay . '' 
 she released his hand , then looked across the cavern at me . 
 `` but let this be understood between us , niece . 
 he is not yours . 
 he is mine . 
 he is yours only for this space of time . 
 is that clear to all of you ? '' 
 we all nodded . 
 `` and you , mistral , '' the queen said . 
 `` do you understand ? '' 
 `` my geas is lifted for this space of time with the princess alone . '' 
 `` clearly put , as always , '' she said . 
 she turned her back as if she would walk through the wall , then turned and looked over her shoulder . 
 `` i will finish what i was doing when i noticed your absence , mistral . '' 
 he dropped to his knees . 
 `` my queen , please do not do this ... '' she turned back with a smile that was almost pleasant - except for the look in her eyes , which even from here was frightening . 
 `` you mean , do not leave you with the princess ? '' 
 `` no , my queen , you know that is not what i mean . '' 
 `` do i ? '' 
 she said , danger in her voice . 
 she glided over the dead brush and placed the point of mortal dread under his chin . 
 `` you did n't come to ask the advice of my darkness . 
 you came to bid the princess to intercede for nerys 's clan . '' 
 mistral 's shoulders moved as if he 'd breathed deeply , or swallowed hard . 
 `` answer me , mistral , '' she said , a whine of rage like a razor 's edge in her voice . 
 `` nerys gave her life on your word that you would not kill her people . 
 you - '' he stopped talking abruptly , as if she 'd nudged the point close enough that he could n't speak without cutting himself . 
 `` aunt andais , '' i said , `` what have you done to nerys 's people ? '' 
 `` they tried to kill you and me last night , or have you forgotten ? '' 
 `` i remember , but i also remember that nerys asked you to take her life , so that you might spare her house . 
 you gave your word that you would let them live if she died in their place . '' 
 `` i have not harmed a single one , '' she said , and she looked entirely too pleased with herself . 
 `` what does that mean ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i merely offered the men a chance to serve their queen as a member of my royal guard . 
 i need my ravens at full strength . '' 
 `` joining your guard means giving up all family loyalties and becoming celibate . 
 why would they agree to either of those things ? '' 
 i asked . 
 she took the blade away from mistral 's throat . 
 `` you were so eager to tattle on me . 
 tell her now . '' 
 `` may i rise , my queen ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` rise , cartwheel - i care not - just tell her . '' 
 mistral rose cautiously , and when she made no move toward him , he began to ease across the room toward us . 
 his throat was dark in the flickering lights . 
 she 'd bled him . 
 any sidhe could heal such a small cut , but because mortal dread had done the damage , he would heal mortal slow ; human slow . 
 mistral 's eyes were wide , frightened , but he moved easily across the dead ground , as if he were n't worried that she would do something to him as he walked away from her . 
 i know that my shoulder blades would have been aching with the fear of the blow . 
 only when he was out of reach of her sword did some of the panic leave his eyes . 
 even then , they were that shade of tornado green . 
 anxiety . 
 `` far enough , '' she said . 
 `` meredith can hear you from there . '' 
 he stopped obediently , but he swallowed hard , as if he did n't like that she 'd stopped him before he got back to us . 
 i did n't blame him . 
 the queen had magic that could destroy from this distance . 
 she 'd probably made him stop just so he would worry . 
 she might intend him no more harm , but she wanted him to be afraid . 
 she liked for people to be afraid of her . 
 `` she has put metal chains of binding on all of the house of nerys , so they can do no magic , '' said mistral . 
 `` i ca n't argue with that , '' i said . 
 `` they attacked us at court , all of them . 
 they should lose their magic for a time . '' 
 `` she has given the men the chance to become her ravens . 
 the women she has offered to the prince 's guard , his cranes . '' 
 `` cel is in seclusion , locked away . 
 he needs no guard , '' i said . 
 `` most of the women would not agree to it , anyway , '' mistral said . 
 `` but the queen had to be seen giving them all a choice . '' 
 `` a choice between becoming guards and what ? '' 
 i asked . 
 i was almost afraid of the answer . 
 she 'd been carrying mortal dread . 
 i prayed that she had n't executed them . 
 she would be forsworn before the entire court . 
 and i needed andais on the throne until she confirmed me as her heir . 
 `` the queen has bid ezekiel and his helpers to wall them up alive , '' said mistral . 
 i blinked at him . 
 i could n't quite follow it all . 
 my first thought was to protest that the queen was forsworn ; then i realized she was n't . 
 `` they 're immortal , so they wo n't die , '' i said , softly . 
 `` they will know terrible hunger and thirst , and they will wish to die , '' mistral said , `` but no , they are immortal , and they will not die . '' 
 i looked past him to my aunt . 
 `` tricksy you , '' i said . 
 `` very damn clever . '' 
 she gave a little bow from the neck . 
 `` so glad you appreciate the delicate reasoning of it . '' 
 `` oh , i do , '' and i meant it . 
 `` you 've broken no oath . 
 in fact , technically , you 're doing exactly what nerys gave her life for . 
 her clan , her house , her bloodline will live . '' 
 `` that is not living , '' mistral said . 
 `` did you really think that the princess had enough influence with me to save them from their fate ? '' 
 asked andais . 
 `` once i would have gone to essus , to ask his help with you , '' mistral said . 
 `` so i sought the princess . '' 
 `` she is not my brother , '' andais snarled . 
 `` no , she is not essus , '' mistral said , `` but she is his child . 
 she is your blood . '' 
 `` and what does that mean , mistral ? 
 that she can bargain for nerys 's people ? 
 they have already been bargained for , by nerys herself . '' 
 `` you are pixieing on the spirit of that bargain , '' rhys said . 
 `` but not breaking it , '' she said . 
 `` no , '' he said , and he looked so sad . 
 `` no , the sidhe never lie , and we always keep our word . 
 except our version of the truth can be more dangerous than any lie , and you 'd better think through every word of any oath we give our word to , because we will find a way to make you regret you ever met us . '' 
 he sounded more angry than sad . 
 `` do you dare to criticize your queen ? '' 
 she asked . 
 i touched rhys 's arm , squeezed . 
 he looked first at my hand , then at my face . 
 whatever he saw there made him take a deep breath and shake his head . 
 `` no one would dare to do that , queen andais . '' 
 his voice was resigned again . 
 `` what would you give for a sign that life was returning to the gardens ? '' 
 doyle asked . 
 `` what do you mean by sign ? '' 
 she asked , and her voice held all the suspicion of someone who knew us all too well . 
 `` what would you give for some hint of life here in the gardens ? '' 
 `` a little wind is not a sign , '' she said . 
 `` but would the beginnings of life here in the gardens be worth nothing to you , my queen ? '' 
 `` of course it would be worth something . '' 
 `` it could mean that our power was returning , '' doyle said . 
 she motioned with the sword , silver gleaming dully in the light . 
 `` i know what it would mean , darkness . '' 
 `` and a return of our power , what would that be worth to you , queen ? '' 
 `` i know where you are going , darkness . 
 do not try to play such games with me . 
 i invented these games . '' 
 `` then i will not play . 
 i will state plainly . 
 if we can bring some hint of life to these underground worlds , then you will wait to punish , in any way , nerys 's people . 
 or anyone else . '' 
 a smile as cruel and cold as a winter morning curved her lips . 
 `` good catch , darkness , good catch . '' 
 my throat was tight with the realization that if he 'd forgotten the last phrase , others would have paid for her anger . 
 someone who would have mattered to doyle , or me , or both , if she could have found them . 
 rhys was right : this was a dangerous game , this game of words . 
 `` for what shall i wait ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` for us to bring life to the dead gardens , of course , '' he said . 
 `` and if you do not bring life to the dead gardens , then what ? '' 
 `` then when we are all convinced that the princess and her men can not bring life back to the gardens , you are free to do with nerys 's people as you intended . '' 
 `` and if you do bring life to the gardens , what then ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` if we bring even a hint of life back to the gardens , you will let princess meredith choose the punishment of those who tried to have her assassinated . '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` clever , darkness , but not clever enough . 
 if you bring a hint of life back to the gardens , then i will allow meredith to punish nerys 's people . '' 
 it was his turn to shake his head . 
 `` if the princess meredith and some of her men bring even a hint of life back to these gardens , then meredith alone decides what punishment shall be meted out to nerys 's people . '' 
 she seemed to think about that for a moment or two , then nodded . 
 `` agreed . '' 
 `` you give your word , the word of the queen of the unseelie court ? '' 
 he asked . 
 she nodded . 
 `` i do . '' 
 `` witnessed , '' rhys said . 
 she waved her hand dismissively . 
 `` fine , fine , you have your promise . 
 but remember , i have to agree that there is at least a hint of life . 
 it better be some evidence impressive enough that i ca n't pixie out of it , darkness , because you know i will , if i can . '' 
 `` i know , '' he said . 
 she looked at me , then . 
 it was not a friendly look . 
 `` enjoy mistral , meredith . 
 enjoy him and know that he comes back to me when this is done . '' 
 `` thank you for loaning him to me , '' i said , and kept my voice absolutely empty . 
 she made a face at me . 
 `` do n't thank me , meredith - not yet . 
 you 've only bedded him once . '' 
 she motioned at me with the sword . 
 `` though i see that you have found what he considers pleasure : he likes to cause pain . '' 
 `` i would have thought that he would be your ideal lover then , aunt andais . '' 
 `` i like to cause pain , niece meredith , not be on the receiving end . '' 
 i swallowed hard , so i would n't say what i was thinking . 
 i finally managed , `` i did not know that you were a pure sadist , aunt andais . '' 
 she frowned at me . 
 `` pure sadist - that 's an odd phrase . '' 
 `` i meant only that i did n't know you did n't like pain on your own body at all . '' 
 `` oh , i like a little teeth , a little nails , but not like that . '' 
 again she motioned at my breast . 
 it ached where he 'd bitten me , and i had a near-perfect imprint of his teeth , though he had n't broken the skin . 
 i would be bruised , but nothing more . 
 she shook her head , as if to chase away a thought , then turned , and the motion caused her black robe to swirl wide . 
 she grabbed the edge of it , to pull it around herself . 
 she looked back over her shoulder one last time before she stepped into the darkness and traveled back the way she 'd come . 
 her last words were not a comfort . 
 `` after mistral 's had his way with her , do not come crying to me that he 's broken your little princess . '' 
 and the piece of darkness where she had been was empty . 
 so many of us let out a sigh of relief at the same time that it was like the sound of wind in the trees . 
 someone gave a nervous laugh . 
 `` she is right about one thing , '' mistral said , and his eyes held regret . 
 `` i like causing a little pain . 
 i am sorry if i hurt you , but it has been so long since ... '' he spread his hands wide . 
 `` i forgot myself . 
 i am sorry for that . '' 
 rhys laughed , and doyle joined him , and finally even galen and frost joined in that soft masculine sound . 
 `` why do you laugh ? '' 
 mistral asked . 
 rhys turned to me , his face still shining with laughter . 
 `` do you want to tell him , or do we ? '' 
 i actually blushed , which i almost never do . 
 i kept abe 's hand in mine and drew us both across the dry , brittle grass until i stood in front of mistral . 
 i looked at the blood that trickled dark across his pale neck and gazed up into his eyes , so anxious . 
 i had to smile . 
 `` i like what you did to my breast . 
 that 's just about as hard as i like it , just this side of drawing blood with teeth . '' 
 he frowned at me . 
 `` you like the nail work to be harder than the teeth , '' rhys said . 
 `` you do n't mind bleeding a little from nails . '' 
 `` but only if you 've done the preliminaries , '' i said . 
 `` preliminaries ? '' 
 mistral said , and sounded puzzled . 
 `` foreplay , '' abeloec said . 
 the puzzled look faded , and something else entirely filled his eyes . 
 something warm and sure of itself , something that made me shiver just from him looking at me . 
 `` i can do that , '' he said . 
 `` then take off the armor , '' i said . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` get naked , '' rhys called . 
 `` i can speak for myself , thank you , '' i said , glancing back at him . 
 he made a little motion as if to say , be my guest . 
 i turned back to mistral . 
 i gazed up into his face , and found that his eyes were already beginning to fade to a soft grey , like rain clouds . 
 i smiled at him , and he smiled back , a little uncertainly , as if he was n't used to smiling much . 
 `` get naked , '' i said . 
 he grinned , a brief flash of it . 
 `` then what ? '' 
 `` we have sex . '' 
 `` i 'm first , '' abeloec said , hugging me from behind . 
 i nodded . 
 `` agreed . '' 
 mistral 's face darkened ; i could almost see clouds in his eyes . 
 not just the color of the irises , but the actual image of clouds floating in the pupils . 
 `` why is he first ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` because he can be part of the foreplay , '' i said . 
 `` she means , once i 've fucked her , then you can do it rougher , '' said abeloec . 
 mistral smiled again , but this smile was different . 
 this was a smile that made me breathe harder . 
 `` you really liked what i did to your breast ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i swallowed hard , pressing myself against abeloec 's body , almost as if i were afraid of the taller man in front of me . 
 i nodded and whispered , `` yes . '' 
 the moment abeloec laid me down on a bed of castoff clothes , our skin began to glow . 
 it was a thin layer of my guards ' shirts and tunics , just enough so that i would n't pierce my body on the dead vegetation . 
 it amounted to all the clothing the men were wearing , which had n't been much - and it left them all nude . 
 i could still feel the dry sticks , crumbling leaves , dry and withered , crushed underneath me . 
 it was n't the feel of the ground in winter . 
 no matter how cold the winter , how deep the snow , there is a feeling of waiting in the ground then - a sense that the land is merely asleep , and the sun will wake it , and spring will come . 
 not here . 
 it was like the difference between a body that is deeply asleep and one that is dead . 
 at a glance , your eyes may see no difference , but if you touch it , you know . 
 the ground that abeloec 's body pressed me into held nothing - no warmth , breath , life . 
 empty , like the eyes of the dead that but a moment ago held personality , and now are like dark mirrors . 
 the gardens were n't waiting for reawakening ; they were just dead . 
 but we were n't dead . 
 abeloec laid his naked body against mine and kissed me . 
 the height difference meant that all he could do was kiss me , but it was enough . 
 enough to conjure that moonglow inside our bodies . 
 he raised up on his arms to stare down at my face . 
 his skin glowed so bright that again his eyes became like dark grey caves in his face . 
 i 'd never met any sidhe whose eyes did not glow when their power came upon them . 
 his long hair spilled out around us , and the white lines in his hair began to glow softly blue , like before . 
 he raised higher on his arms , almost in a push-up , so that his body was suspended above mine on hands and toes . 
 pale blue lines glowed through the white of his skin . 
 flowing images of vines and flowers , and trees , and animals . 
 nothing stayed , nothing lasted . 
 there were n't that many lines , and they did n't move that fast . 
 i should have been able to tell what kind of vine , what fruit , what animal , but beyond small , or large , it was as if my mind could n't hold the images . 
 i traced the blue with my fingers , and it trailed over my hand , tickled and teased across the white glow of my own skin . 
 and even staring at my own hand , i could n't tell you what plant it was that grew and flowered there . 
 it was as if i were n't meant to see it , or at least not to understand it . 
 not yet , maybe not ever . 
 i stopped trying to make sense of the flowing lines , and gazed down the length of abeloec 's body where it stretched above mine . 
 he held himself above me like a shelter , as if he could have stayed there forever and never tired . 
 i reached down his body , worming underneath his steady strength , until i could wrap my hand around the hard length of him . 
 he shuddered above me . 
 `` i should be touching you . '' 
 his voice was strained , thick with effort , but effort for what ? 
 his arms and shoulders , and legs , were utterly still above me as if he were stone instead of flesh . 
 it was n't his strength that gave his voice that thick sound . 
 at least not strength of body . 
 maybe strength of will . 
 i squeezed gently around his shaft , and he was hard , so terribly hard . 
 his breathing changed , and i could see his stomach fluttering with the effort to stay steady above me . 
 `` how long has it been ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i do n't remember , '' he said . 
 i stroked my hand up and over the head of him . 
 his spine bowed downward , and he almost fell on top of me , but then his arms and legs went back to their firm stance . 
 `` i thought the sidhe did not lie . '' 
 `` i do not remember exactly , '' he said . 
 his voice was breathy now . 
 i slid my other hand down to cup his balls and gently play with them . 
 he swallowed hard enough for me to hear it , and said , `` if you keep doing that , i 'll go , and that 's not how i want to go the first time . '' 
 i continued to play with him , gently . 
 he was so hard , quiveringly hard . 
 just holding him in my hands , i knew that the phrase aching with need was n't merely words . 
 he glowed and i could feel the power in him , but he did not throb with it the way the others did . 
 it was a quieter power , this . 
 `` what do you want the first time ? '' 
 i asked , and my voice had gone deeper , thickening with the feel of him in my hands . 
 `` i want to be inside you , between your legs - i want to make you come before i do . 
 but i do not know if i still have that kind of discipline . '' 
 `` then do n't be disciplined . 
 this time , the first time , do n't worry about it . '' 
 he shook his head , and the blue lines in his hair seemed to pulse brighter . 
 `` i want to bring you such pleasure that you will want me in your bed every night . 
 so many men , meredith , so many men in your bed . 
 i do n't want to wait my turn . 
 i want you to come to me again and again , because no one brings you as much pleasure as i do . '' 
 a sound made us both turn our heads ; we found mistral kneeling beside us . 
 `` hurry up and finish this , abeloec , or i will not wait to be second . '' 
 `` would you not worry , as i do , that you pleasure the princess ? '' 
 abeloec asked . 
 `` unlike you , i 'll have no second chance here , abeloec . 
 the queen has decreed that this time is all i will ever have with the princess . 
 so no , i am not so worried about my performance . '' 
 he ran his hand through my hair , pushing deep so that his fingers brushed my scalp . 
 it made me cuddle my head against his hand . 
 he closed his fingers into a fist , and was suddenly jerking my hair tight in his hand . 
 it sped my pulse in my throat , tearing a sound from my mouth that was not pain . 
 my skin blazed to white-hot life . 
 `` we do not have to be gentle , '' mistral said . 
 he leaned his face near mine . 
 `` do we , princess ? '' 
 i whispered , `` no . '' 
 he pulled my hair tighter , and i cried out . 
 i felt rather than saw some of the other men move toward us . 
 mistral pulled my hair tight again , bending my neck to one side , moving my body a little out from under abeloec . 
 `` i am not hurting you , am i , princess ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 all i could do was whisper . 
 `` i do n't think they heard you , '' he said . 
 he twisted his hand tight and sudden in my hair . 
 he put his lips against my cheek and whispered , `` scream for me . '' 
 the blue lines crawled from my skin to his , and again i saw that outline of lightning on his cheek . 
 i whispered , `` what will you do , if i do n't scream ? '' 
 he kissed me , ever so gently against my cheek . 
 `` hurt you . '' 
 my breath came out in a shudder . 
 `` please , '' i sighed . 
 mistral laughed , a wonderful deep laugh , with his face pressed against mine and his hand still tight in my hair . 
 `` hurry , abeloec , hurry , or we will have to fight to see who is first . '' 
 he let go of my hair so abruptly that this motion , too , hurt a little , and forced a sound from me . 
 mistral turned me back over to abeloec with my eyes unfocused , and my breath either coming too fast or nearly stopping for a moment - i could n't quite tell . 
 my pulse seemed uncertan if i was afraid or thrilled . 
 but it was as if now that mistral touched me again , he could not quite give up touching me . 
 he kept his fingers against the side of my neck , as if he wanted to help my pulse decide . 
 `` i do not like to cause pain , '' abeloec said . 
 his body was not quite as happy as it had been . 
 `` pain is not the only way to pleasure , '' i said . 
 his dark eyes narrowed at me from the shine of his face . 
 `` you do not have to have pain to be pleasured ? '' 
 i shook my head , feeling the lingering ache where mistral 's hand had been . 
 `` no . '' 
 doyle 's deep voice came out of the dark . 
 `` meredith likes violence , but she also likes gentleness . 
 it depends on her mood , and yours . '' 
 both abe and mistral looked at him . 
 `` the queen cares nothing for our moods , '' mistral said . 
 `` this one will , '' doyle said . 
 abeloec looked down at me and began to slowly lower himself toward my body , for all the world like a push-up , except that i was in the way . 
 his mouth found mine before his body pressed into me . 
 he kissed me , and the blue was neon-bright and flared with lines of crimson and emerald . 
 the lines of color flared down mistral 's hand , and it felt as if those lines were made of rope , drawing his mouth to mine , and drawing abeloec down my body . 
 he half knelt and half lay across my lower body . 
 he spread my legs so that his body spilled between them . 
 but it was his finger that found me first - testing the waters , i think . 
 his voice was strangled as he said , `` you 're still wet . '' 
 i would have answered but mistral 's mouth found mine , and i gave the only answer i could . 
 i raised my hips toward abeloec 's searching hand . 
 the next thing i felt was his hands moving to my hips . 
 the tip of him of him rubbing against my opening . 
 mistral raised his mouth from mine and half whispered , half groaned , `` fuck her , fuck her , fuck her , please , '' and the last word was drawn out into a long sigh that ended in something close to a scream . 
 abeloec pushed himself inside me , and only then did he begin to throb with power . 
 it was almost like some huge vibrator , except this vibrator was warm and alive , and had a mind and a body behind it . 
 that mind moved the body in rhythms that no mere mechanical aid could ever have produced . 
 i watched abeloec push in and out of my body like some shining shaft of light , though it was undoubtedly flesh that went in and out of me . 
 soft , firm , vibrating flesh . 
 mistral grabbed my hair again , pulled my head back so that i could no longer watch abeloec work his magic in my body . 
 the look on mistral 's face would have frightened me if we 'd been alone . 
 he kissed me hard , so hard that it was bruising . 
 i had a choice of opening my mouth to him or cutting my lips on my own teeth . 
 i opened my mouth . 
 his tongue plunged inside me , as if he were trying to do to my mouth what abeloec was doing between my legs . 
 it was only his tongue , but he kept pushing inside , pushing until he shoved my mouth so wide that my jaw began to ache . 
 he shoved his tongue so far down my throat that i gagged , and he drew back . 
 i thought he did it to let me swallow and catch my breath , but he drew back so he could laugh . 
 he let loose a roll of masculine pleasure that spilled from his mouth and danced over my skin . 
 there was an echo to it , that laughter - an echo like distant thunder . 
 his pausing gave me a chance to concentrate on abeloec . 
 he had found a rhythm that plunged to the end of me , and out , in a rolling slide , a rhythm that would have brought me eventually . 
 but even beyond that , his body pulsed inside mine . 
 it was as if his magic throbbed with the rhythm of his body , so that each time he plunged deep inside me the magic throbbed harder , and vibrated faster . 
 i took the chance mistral had given me to say , `` abeloec , are you making your magic pulse in time to your lovemaking ? '' 
 his voice came tight with concentration . 
 `` yes . '' 
 i started to say , oh , goddess , but mistral 's mouth found mine again , and i got only as far as , `` oh , god - '' mistral thrust his tongue so deep and hard into my mouth that it was like oral sex when the man is too big for comfort . 
 if you fight it , it hurts , but if you relax , sometimes , you can do it . 
 you can let the man have his way with your mouth without breaking your jaw . 
 i 'd never had anyone kiss me like this , and even as i fought to let him do it , i thought about him being this forceful with other things , and the thought made me open wider to him , wider to them both . 
 they were both so skilled , but in such opposite ways that i wondered what it would be like to have their full attention one at a time . 
 but there was no way to ask mistral to wait , to give us room , because i could barely breathe with his tongue down my throat , let alone speak . 
 i wanted to speak ; i wanted to stop having to fight him to breathe . 
 my jaw was aching hard enough to distract me from abeloec 's amazing fucking . 
 mistral had crossed that line from feels good to fucking stop . 
 we had n't arranged a sign that would let him know i wanted him to stop . 
 when you ca n't speak , you usually have some prearranged way to tap out . 
 i started pushing at his shoulders , pushing like i meant it . 
 i was n't as strong as a full-blooded sidhe , but i had once put my hand through a car door to scare away some would-be muggers , if that 's an indication . 
 i had bloodied my hand , but not broken it . 
 so i pushed , and he pushed back . 
 he had his mouth so far inside mine that i could n't even bite him . 
 i was choking , and he did n't care . 
 i could feel the orgasm beginning to build . 
 i did not want abeloec 's good work spoiled by the fact that i was choking . 
 nails could be used for pleasure , or to make a point . 
 i set my nails in the firm flesh of mistral 's neck and dug them in . 
 i carved bloody furrows in his skin . 
 he jerked back from me , and seeing the rage on his face , again , i was glad we were n't alone . 
 `` when i say stop , you stop , '' i said . 
 and i realized that i was angry , too . 
 `` you did n't say stop . '' 
 `` because you made certain i could n't . '' 
 `` you said you liked pain . '' 
 i was having trouble controlling my breathing , because abeloec was still vibrating and moving inside me . 
 i was close . 
 `` i like pain to a point , but not a broken jaw . 
 we 'll need to lay some ground rules before ... you ... get ... your turn , '' and the last word was a scream as i threw my head back and my body spasmed . 
 mistral caught my head or i would have smashed it against the hard ground . 
 abeloec 's pleasure spread through me , over me , in me , in waves . 
 waves of pleasure , waves of power , over and over , as if here , too , he was able to control what was happening . 
 as if he could control my release the way he 'd controlled everything else . 
 the orgasm would roll over me from my groin to every inch of my body , then it would start again , spreading from between my legs over my skin in a rush that sent my hands seeking something to hold on to , my body thrashing . 
 my entire upper body left the ground and smashed back , over and over , while abeloec held my hips and legs trapped against his body . 
 someone was behind me , catching me , trying to hold me down , but the pleasure was too much . 
 i could do nothing but struggle and scream , one long ragged scream after another . 
 my fingers found flesh to tear , and strong hands held my wrist tight . 
 my other hand found my own body , and tore at it . 
 another hand found that wrist , pinned it to the floor . 
 i heard voices over my screams : `` go , abeloec , just finish it ! '' 
 `` now , abeloec ! '' 
 urged mistral . 
 i did n't pass out , not completely , not really , but it was as if i were boneless , helpless in the afterglow of abeloec 's power . 
 my eyes fluttered open when the lap my head was resting in moved . 
 i found mistral above me , his hands still holding my wrists , still cuddling my head . 
 `` i want you hurt , not broken , '' he said , as if he saw something in my face that he had to answer . 
 it took me three tries to answer . 
 `` glad to hear it , '' i finally said . 
 he laughed then , and began to move carefully from under me . 
 he laid my head on the dead earth , gently . 
 apparently , i 'd disarranged our makeshift blanket , because i could feel other patches of dry , scratchy vegetation here and there against my skin . 
 i turned my head and looked for the others . 
 abeloec was crawling a little shakily toward my head , as if he and mistral were going to change places . 
 it took me a moment to focus past abe , farther into the dark beyond . 
 the darkness was shot with neon glow , blue , green , and red . 
 the colors were everywhere , some individual burning lines and some entwined like string wound into rope - stronger , thicker for being joined . 
 doyle knelt closest to us , as if he 'd tried to come to me . 
 his sword was drawn as if there was something among us that metal could slay . 
 his dark skin was covered in lines of blue and crimson . 
 rhys was just beyond him , covered in blue and red lines , too - and there were other figures in the dark covered in green and blue lines , and images of flowering plants . 
 i caught a shine of long pale hair . 
 ivi was covered in dead vines and green lines of power . 
 brii stood near a tree , hugging it , or tied to it with green and blue lines . 
 but it was as if the tree had bent toward him , its thin , lifeless branches embracing his naked body like arms . 
 adair had climbed a tree and stood on one of the thick upper branches . 
 he was reaching up into it , as if he saw things there that i did not . 
 i caught glimpses of other bodies on the ground , covered in dead vegetation . 
 frost and nicca were kneeling farther away . 
 they had lines of blue only , snaking over their bodies . 
 they were holding someone 's arms and legs . 
 it took me a moment to realize it was galen . 
 he was so covered in the bright green glow that he was nearly hidden from sight . 
 the others seemed to be enjoying the power , or at least not to be in pain , but galen 's body seemed to be convulsing , almost as i had when abeloec brought me , but even more violently . 
 mistral 's face appeared above mine , and i realized that he was holding himself above my body , much as abeloec had earlier . 
 but he did n't kiss me , as the other man had . 
 he made sure that the only thing i could see was his face . 
 `` my turn , '' he said , and the look in his eyes was enough to make me frightened . 
 not in fear of mistral , but fear of what was happening . 
 something powerful - and what would be the price ? 
 one thing i had learned early was that all power comes with a price . 
 `` mistral , '' i said , but he was already moving down my body . 
 the wind was back , a thin , seeking wind that touched my body like invisible fingers . 
 the dead leaves rustled , and the vines seemed to sigh in the growing wind . 
 i raised up enough to look down my body at mistral . 
 i called his name again . 
 he looked up at the sound of his name , but there was nothing in his face that really heard me . 
 this was his one chance in a thousand years to have a woman . 
 when we left the gardens , his opportunity would be gone . 
 if i 'd known the others were safe , then i would n't even have tried to argue with the look in his eyes . 
 but i was n't sure they were . 
 i was n't sure any of us were . 
 i did n't like not knowing what was happening . 
 he smoothed his hands along the inside of my thighs , gentle , caressing , but that gentle movement spread my legs with him kneeling between them . 
 `` what 's happening , mistral ? '' 
 `` are you afraid ? '' 
 he asked , but he was n't looking at my face when he said it . 
 `` yes , '' i said , and my voice was soft in the growing wind . 
 `` good , '' he said . 
 abeloec answered me , `` i am the intoxicating cup like medb for the kings of old . 
 you have drunk deep . '' 
 i turned my head back to look at him where he knelt behind me . 
 i knew that medb had been a word for `` mead , '' a sovereign goddess whom nine kings of ireland had had to mate with before she would let them rule . 
 but most of that was only stories ; no one would speak of her among the sidhe , as if she were a real goddess , a real person . 
 i had asked , and been told only that she was the cup that intoxicates . 
 which had been another way of saying that she was mead . 
 i 'd been left to believe she 'd never been real . 
 `` i do n't understand , '' i said . 
 abeloec smoothed his hand along my face . 
 `` i give the power of sovereignty to the queen , as medb gave power to the kings . 
 i was forgotten , because the world turned to chauvinism and there were no more votes for queens . 
 i was just accasbel . 
 denied my purpose . 
 some human literature says i am an ancient deity of wine and beer . 
 i founded the first pub in ireland , and was a follower of partholon . 
 that is all i am now to history . '' 
 he leaned in close to my face , and i lay back against the ground with his hands on either side of my face . 
 `` until today . 
 i have new duties . '' 
 just then , mistral 's fingers found my opening , and i would have turned to look at him , but abeloec 's hands tightened on my face , kept me looking at him while mistral began to explore me with his hand . 
 abeloec whispered , above my face , `` there was a time when without me , or medb , no one ruled in ireland , or faerie , or anywhere in the isles . 
 the sithen brought us here for a reason . 
 it brought everyone here for a reason , including mistral . '' 
 dried leaves rushed across my body like brittle fingers tapping my stomach and breasts . 
 `` let us have our reason back , meredith , '' abeloec said . 
 it was n't a finger touching me down there anymore , though mistral had n't entered me . 
 for someone who liked to cause pain , he was being patient , and gentle . 
 i whispered , `` reason , what reason ? '' 
 to abeloec 's face . 
 `` reason to be , meredith . 
 a man without a duty is only half a man . '' 
 mistral shoved himself inside me in one long hard movement . 
 it spilled my upper body up off the ground , tore a scream from my mouth . 
 abeloec released me , and i could finally stare down my body at mistral . 
 mistral 's head was flung back , eyes closed . 
 his body was married into mine as deep as he could make it . 
 there were no lines of color on him anymore and i realized there were none on any of the three of us . 
 but there was something in the shining of his skin . 
 it took me a moment to realize that something was moving inside his skin . 
 it looked like a reflection of something , but it was not a reflection of anything around us . 
 he stayed there , frozen above me , with his lower body as snug to me as he could get it , and his upper body raised back on his hands and arms . 
 he opened his eyes and looked down at me , and i saw clouds glide inside his eyes like windows onto some distant sky . 
 the clouds moved as if hurried by some great wind , and i realized that that was what i was seeing inside his skin . 
 clouds , storm clouds roiling inside his skin . 
 the wind was growing , spilling my hair across my face , sending dead leaves in small whirlwinds . 
 a storm was coming , and i was watching it grow inside mistral 's body . 
 mistral was the master of the winds , master of the sky , a storm god once upon a time . 
 the first lightning flash showed in his eyes . 
 mistral drew out of me with a sighing shudder that ran down the length of his body . 
 seeing him affected to that degree made my breath short and fast . 
 at first i thought he had rain in his eyes to match the lightning ; then he blinked , and i realized it was tears . 
 if we had been alone i would have questioned it , talked about it , but with this many other men around us , i could not . 
 i could not point out that he was crying in front of them , nor could i ask him why and hope to get a truthful answer . 
 but it meant a great deal to me that mistral , master of storms , cried after he tasted my body . 
 abeloec said , softly , `` it 's been too long . '' 
 mistral looked at him , and he simply nodded with the shine of those few hard tears gliding down his cheeks . 
 he looked down at me , and there was a gentleness on his face , a raw pain in his eyes . 
 he kissed me , and this time it was gentle . 
 `` i have forgotten my manners , princess , forgive me . '' 
 `` you can kiss me with force , just do n't choke me . '' 
 he gave a small smile , and an even smaller nod . 
 then he laid his body carefully along the length of mine so that his testicles pressed against my groin , and the hard length of him touched me from groin to my upper stomach . 
 he let his weight settle on top of me with a sigh , then wrapped his arms around me . 
 he put his face to one side of mine , and it was as if he let some great tension fall away from him . 
 it was almost as if he grew lighter at the same time that his actual weight became heavier . 
 i laid a soft kiss against the curve of his ear , because it was the spot i could reach . 
 he shuddered against me again , but because he was pressed so hard against the front of my body it made me shudder , too . 
 the wind trailed his hair and mine across my face , mingling the red and grey strands together , almost in the way the neon glow of power had wound itself together . 
 stronger together than apart . 
 the clouds in his eyes spun so fast across them that it was almost dizzying to watch . 
 he unwound his arms from me and raised up enough to see my face . 
 `` i do n't want to kiss down the front of your body . 
 i want to bite my way down it . '' 
 i had to swallow hard before i could answer , in a breathy voice , `` no blood , no permanent marks , and nothing as hard as what you did to my breast . 
 you have n't done enough prep work for that . '' 
 `` prep work ? '' 
 he made it a question . 
 abeloec said , `` foreplay . '' 
 he had been kneeling above my head , so still that i had forgotten he was there . 
 we both looked at him . 
 `` give us a little more room , '' mistral asked . 
 `` i am the only one inside this circle with you , and i must remain . '' 
 circle , i thought , then i realized that he was right . 
 the lines of blue , green , and red encircled the three of us . 
 everyone else was covered in them , but they formed a barrier around the three of us . 
 it was a barrier that the wind could cross at will , but there would be other things that could not cross it . 
 i was n't sure what those other things would be , but i knew enough of magical circles to know that they were meant to keep some things in , and some things out . 
 it was their nature , and tonight was all about the nature of things . 
 i ran my hands up mistral 's back , tracing the line of his spine , playing along the muscles that held him just above me . 
 he closed his eyes and swallowed before he looked down at me . 
 `` you wanted something ? '' 
 `` you , '' i said . 
 that earned me a smile . 
 a real smile , not about sex , or pain , or sorrow , just a smile . 
 i valued that smile the way i valued frost 's smile , and doyle 's . 
 they had all come to me without a real smile , as if they had forgotten how to do it . 
 by the standards that the other two men had set , mistral was a fast learner . 
 i moved one hand around so i could trace his lower lip with my finger . 
 `` do what you wanted to do . 
 just remember the rules . '' 
 his smile held an edge of something that was n't happy now , and i was n't sure if the parameters that i 'd put on him were actually that taxing , or if i 'd reminded him of something sad . 
 `` no blood , no permanent marks , nothing as hard as what i did on your breast , because i have not done enough foreplay for that , yet . '' 
 it was almost word for word what i 'd said to him . 
 `` good memory . '' 
 `` memory is all i have . '' 
 as he said it , that raw pain was back in his eyes . 
 i thought i understood now . 
 he was enjoying himself , and determined to enjoy himself , but when he was finished , there would be no more . 
 the queen would put him back in the lonely cell of her rules , her jealousy , her sadism . 
 would it be worse to have had this moment and then be denied again ? 
 would it cause him pain to watch me with my men , and not be a part of it ? 
 it was n't that i was so special to him , or to them . 
 it was simply that i was the only woman with whom the guards could break their long celibacy . 
 i raised myself off the ground and kissed him . 
 `` i am yours . '' 
 he kissed me , gently at first , then harder . 
 his tongue thrust between my lips . 
 i opened my mouth and let him explore my mouth . 
 he thrust deep inside , then backed off a little , enough so that it was just a good deep kiss . 
 the feel of his mouth drew my mouth closer to his , made my body rise up to press tighter against him , sent my arms across his back , pressed my breasts firm against his chest . 
 he made a small sound low in his throat , and the wind suddenly felt cool against my skin . 
 he drew his mouth from mine , and the expression in his eyes was wild . 
 storm clouds rode in his eyes , but they had slowed , so that it was no longer dizzying . 
 if i had n't known what i was looking at , i might simply have thought his eyes were the grey of rain clouds . 
 he laid his face in the curve of my neck . 
 he did n't so much kiss me as lay his lips against my skin . 
 his breath went out in a heavy sigh that spread warmth across my skin . 
 it made me shiver , and that was it . 
 he set his teeth in the side of my neck , and bit me . 
 it made me cry out and tense my fingers along his back , to trail an edge of nail across his skin . 
 he bit my shoulder , quick and hard . 
 i cried out for him , and he moved again . 
 i do n't think he trusted himself to hold my flesh in his mouth for very long . 
 i knew he wanted to bite down harder , and i could feel the effort required to fight that urge in his lips , his hands , his entire body . 
 he was enjoying himself , but he was struggling to keep his impulses in check . 
 he put his mouth into the side of the breast he had not marked and barely laid teeth . 
 i grabbed the side of his face , not hard , but it stopped him . 
 he lifted his gaze to mine , his mouth half opened , and i watched his expression fall . 
 i think he expected me to tell him to stop . 
 even if that had been what i meant to do , i would n't have had the heart to say it . 
 but regardless , it had n't . 
 `` harder , '' i said instead . 
 he gave me a wolfish grin , and again i got that glimpse of something in him that would have made me hesitate to be alone with him . 
 but i was no longer certain if that was truly mistral 's nature , or whether centuries of denial had made him wild with need . 
 he set his teeth into my side and bit down hard , hard enough that i writhed under him . 
 he moved just a little farther down my side , to my waist , and this time when i felt him begin to let go , i said , `` harder . '' 
 he bit me deeper this time , bit me until i felt his teeth almost meet in my skin . 
 i cried out and said , `` enough , enough . '' 
 he lifted his face as if to stop completely . 
 i smiled at him . 
 `` i did n't say stop , i just meant that was hard enough . '' 
 he moved to the other side of my body and bit me again without urging , hard enough that i had to tell him , almost immediately , not to go farther . 
 he looked up at me , and whatever he saw on my face satisfied him , because he bit next to my belly button , setting his teeth so hard and fast that i had to tell him to stop . 
 he 'd left a press of red teeth marks on my stomach . 
 there were red marks here and there on my body , but nothing as perfect as that . 
 a perfect set of his teeth marks in the white flesh of my body . 
 looking at it made me shiver . 
 `` you like it , '' he whispered . 
 `` yes , '' i said . 
 the wind held an edge of dampness as it trailed across my skin . 
 he licked low on my stomach , and the wind seemed to blow across that wet line , almost as if the wind had a mouth , too , and could blow where it wished . 
 mistral pressed his mouth where he had licked , and bit me . 
 hard and sharp , enough to make me startle , and raise my upper body off the ground . 
 `` enough , '' i said , and my voice was almost a yell . 
 the wind began to pick up , blowing more dead leaves across my body . 
 streaming my hair across my face , so that for a moment i could n't see what mistral was doing . 
 the wind was damp , as if it rode an edge of rain . 
 but it never rained in the dead gardens . 
 i felt his mouth laid on the mound between my legs , resting on the tight , curling hair . 
 i could n't see , but i knew what he was doing . 
 he bit me , and i yelled , `` enough . '' 
 i used one hand to push my hair out of the way , so i could look down my body and see him . 
 he gave one quick flick of his tongue between my legs . 
 that one small touch sped my pulse and opened my mouth in a silent o. `` you know what i want to do , '' he said . 
 he spoke with his hands around my thighs , fingers digging in just a little , his face just above my groin , so close that his breath touched me there . 
 i nodded , because i did n't trust my voice . 
 on the one hand , i did n't want him to hurt me ; on the other , i did want him to come just to that edge of truly hurting me . 
 i liked that edge . 
 i liked it a lot . 
 i finally found my voice , and it almost did n't sound like me , so breathy , so eager . 
 `` go slow , and when i say enough , you stop . '' 
 he gave that smile again that filled his cloud-dazed eyes with a fierce light , and i realized it was n't my imagination . 
 lightning played through the heavy grey clouds of his eyes . 
 it had gone away , but now it was back , and it filled them with a flashing white , white light , so that his eyes looked blind for a second . 
 the wind slowed , and the air felt heavy , thick , and i felt an edge of electricity in the air . 
 he spread me wide , using his fingers , so strong , so thick . 
 he licked the length of me , back and forth until i writhed under his mouth and hands . 
 only then did he press his mouth over me . 
 only then did he let me feel the edge of his teeth around the most intimate parts of my body . 
 he bit down slowly , so slowly , so carefully . 
 i breathed out , `` harder . '' 
 he obeyed . 
 he took as much of my flesh down there into his mouth as he could fit , and bit me . 
 bit me so hard that it raised my upper body completely off the ground , and i screamed for him . 
 but i did n't scream stop , or enough . 
 i just screamed , full-throated , spine bowing , staring down at him with wide eyes and opened mouth . 
 i orgasmed for him , from the feel of his teeth in my most intimate flesh . 
 i orgasmed for him , and even through the pleasure of it i changed my scream to `` stop , stop , oh , god , stop ! '' 
 even through that most overwhelming of pleasures , i could feel his teeth going just a little too far . 
 when something hurts in the middle of orgasm , you need to stop - things usually only hurt when the afterglow begins to fade . 
 again i screamed , `` stop , '' and he stopped . 
 i fell back onto the ground , eyes unable to focus , fighting to breathe , unable to move . 
 but even while my body lay helpless with the afterglow , i began to ache . 
 i ached where his teeth had touched me there , and i knew that it was just going to hurt more later . 
 i 'd let my desire - and mistral 's - send us too far over that fine edge . 
 his voice came . 
 `` i did not bleed you , and i did not bite you as hard there as i did on your breast . '' 
 i nodded , because i could n't speak yet . 
 the air was so dense with the coming storm that it made it harder to breathe , almost in the way the queen could make the air too thick to breathe . 
 `` are you hurt ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i found my voice . 
 `` a little . '' 
 the ache was becoming sharper . 
 i had only a limited time before it was simply going to hurt . 
 i wanted him to finish before the pleasure truly did become pain . 
 he crawled over my body on all fours , so that he was n't actually touching me , but he could see my face . 
 `` are you all right , princess ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` help me turn over . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` because if we finish this with you on top , it 's going to hurt too much . '' 
 `` i was too rough , '' he said , and he sounded so sad . 
 lightning flashed first in one eye then the other , as if it traveled from one side of his mind to the other . 
 the light blue lightning bolt on his cheek paled in the brightness of it . 
 he started to crawl off me as if he were going to stop . 
 i grabbed his arm . 
 `` do n't stop , bright goddess , do n't stop . 
 just help me roll over . 
 if you take me from behind , you wo n't be brushing up against the part of me you bruised . '' 
 `` if i have hurt you so badly , we must stop . '' 
 my fingers tightened on his arm . 
 `` if i wanted to stop , i would say so . 
 everyone else has been too afraid of hurting me , and even if you went too far , i do like it . 
 mistral , i like it a great deal . '' 
 he gave an almost shy smile . 
 `` i did notice . '' 
 i smiled back at him . 
 `` then let us finish what we started . '' 
 `` if you are sure . '' 
 in the moment he said it , and meant it , i knew that i would be safe alone with him . 
 if he was willing to pass up some of the first intercourse he 'd been offered in centuries for fear of my being hurt , then he had the discipline to control himself in private . 
 consort preserve us , but he had more discipline than i would have had . 
 how many men would have turned down the finish , after a start like that ? 
 not many , not many at all . 
 `` i am sure , '' i said . 
 he smiled again , and something moved above us . 
 something grey was in motion near the high domed ceiling . 
 clouds - there was a tiny knot of clouds up near the ceiling . 
 i looked into mistral 's face and said , `` fuck me , mistral . '' 
 `` is that an order , my princess ? '' 
 he smiled when he said it , but there was an edge of something that was n't happy in his voice . 
 `` only if you want it to be . '' 
 he looked down at me , then said , `` i would rather do the ordering . '' 
 `` then do it , '' i said . 
 `` turn over , '' he said . 
 his voice did not have quite the firmness it had had earlier , as if he was n't sure i would obey . 
 i had recovered enough to roll over , though i was slow . 
 he moved back until he knelt by my feet . 
 `` i want you on your hands and knees . '' 
 i did what he asked , or ordered . 
 it put me looking at abeloec , who still knelt , motionless , at the top of our makeshift blanket . 
 i expected to see lust , or something to let me know he was enjoying the show , but that was n't what was in his face . 
 his smile was gentle , peaceful . 
 it did n't match what we were doing , at least not to me . 
 mistral 's hands stroked my ass , and i felt him rub against my opening . 
 the front of me was sore , but the rest of me was eager . 
 `` you 're wet , '' mistral said . 
 `` i know , '' i said . 
 `` you really did enjoy it . '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` you really do like it that rough . '' 
 `` sometimes , '' i said . 
 the tip of him rubbed around the edge , so close , but not inside . 
 `` now ? '' 
 he made it a question . 
 i lowered my upper body , so that my lower body lifted toward him , pushing against the feel of him . 
 only his slight movement backward kept me from taking him into my body . 
 i made a small sound of protest . 
 the wind held the smell of rain , the press of silent thunder . 
 the storm was coming , and i wanted him inside me when it came . 
 he laughed , that wonderful masculine sound . 
 `` i take that as a yes ? '' 
 `` yes , '' i said . 
 i pressed my cheek into the brittle leaves , my face , and hands , touching the dry ground . 
 i had to close my eyes against the push of dead leaves and plants . 
 i pushed my ass up at him , and asked , wordlessly , that he take me . 
 i did n't realize i was saying anything out loud , but i must have been . 
 for then i heard my own voice chanting , `` please , please , please , '' over and over , soft under my breath , my lips closer to the dead earth than to the man i was begging . 
 he pushed just the tip of himself inside me , and the wind changed instantly . 
 it felt almost hot . 
 i could still smell rain , but there was also a metallic smell . 
 the scent of ozone , lightning . 
 the air was hot and close , and i knew in that moment that it was n't that i wanted mistral inside me when the storm broke , but that the storm would not come until he was inside me . 
 he was the storm , as abeloec had been the cup . 
 mistral was the heavy press of the air , and that neck-ruffling promise of lightning . 
 i raised up and shoved my body onto him . 
 he actually stopped me with his hands on my hips . 
 `` no , '' he said , `` no , i will say when . '' 
 i went back to pressing my upper body to the dry ground . 
 i said , `` mistral , please , do n't you feel it ? 
 do n't you feel it ? '' 
 `` storm , '' he said , and his voice seemed lower than it had been , a growling roll , as if his voice held an echo of thunder in it . 
 i raised up , but not to try to control him . 
 i wanted to see him . 
 i wanted to see if there had been other changes besides the growl of thunder in his voice . 
 he still glowed with power , but it was as if dark grey clouds had moved in over that glow , so that i saw only the shine of his power through the veil of clouds . 
 he stared down at me , and his eyes flashed bright , so bright that for a moment his face was half obscured by that white , white light . 
 the brilliance faded , leaving afterimages in my vision . 
 but without the lightning , his eyes were n't the grey of rain clouds ; they were black . 
 that blackness that rolls across the sky at midday , and sends us all running for cover , because just by looking at the sky , you know that something dangerous is coming . 
 something that will drown you , burn you , concuss you with the power that is about to fall from the sky . 
 i shivered , gazing down my body at him , shivered , because i wondered ... was i too mortal to survive this ? 
 was his power going to burn along my flesh , and hurt me in ways that i did not want ? 
 it was as if abeloec heard me thinking . 
 he spoke , in a low , soft voice that made me look at him . 
 he was still kneeling in front of us , but it was as if his pale skin were fading into the growing dark , as if he , himself , were dissipating into the circle of power . 
 his hair was shot through with lines of blue , red , and green , and those lines traced the circle that held us , and on into the dark to the men beyond . 
 his eyes held sparks of all those colors , but it was as if his power grew . 
 he began to be that power , and not be as much abeloec . 
 i could tell that if he were not careful , he would become only the lines of power that traced out into the dark . 
 `` earth and sky is a very old dance , meredith , '' he said . 
 `` do not fear the power . 
 it has waited too long for you to allow you to be harmed now . '' 
 i found my voice in a hoarse whisper . 
 `` look at him . '' 
 `` yes , '' abeloec said , `` he is the storm come to life . '' 
 `` i am mortal . '' 
 i thought he smiled , but i could n't be certain . 
 i could not see his face clearly , though i knew he was only a few feet in front of me . 
 `` in this time and place , you are the goddess , the earth to meet the strike of the sky . 
 does that sound like someone who is merely mortal ? '' 
 mistral chose that moment to remind me that he was there . 
 he bent over my body , and bit me on the back , as his body shoved inside me . 
 the combination of the two made me push myself tighter against him . 
 he bit me harder , and i writhed against him , trapped between his body and his mouth . 
 his mouth let go , and he wrapped his arms around me . 
 his weight lay along the back of my body , in a warm , solid line . 
 i was supporting most of his weight , for his hands played lightly over my breasts and stomach . 
 he was inside me , but as he had done the first time , once he was in , he had stopped moving . 
 he spoke with his face next to mine . 
 `` it has been too long . 
 i will not last if you move like that . '' 
 i turned my head , and he was close enough that when the light flashed in his eyes , i was blinded for a second . 
 i closed my eyes and saw white and black explosions against my eyelids . 
 i spoke with my eyes still closed . 
 `` i ca n't help moving . '' 
 he sighed , and did n't so much push himself farther inside me as writhe while he was inside me . 
 that made me writhe , and drew a sound from him that was half pleasure , half protest . 
 thunder rolled through the cavern , echoing against the bare rock walls , like some gigantic drumroll that seemed to thrum across my skin . 
 `` hush , meredith , quiet . 
 if you move , i will not last . '' 
 `` how can i not move with you inside me ? '' 
 he hugged me then , and said , `` so long since anyone reacted to my body . '' 
 he moved off my back , so that he was again on his knees , still with his body sheathed inside mine . 
 but he pushed his hips against me and let me know that , bent over my body , he had not been completely sheathed inside me , because now the tip of him found the end of me , and i realized he might be too long for this position . 
 if the man was too long , entering from behind could hurt . 
 it did n't hurt yet , but it held the promise of it as he pushed gently against the inner limits of my body . 
 the thought of what he could do to me was exciting , and a little frightening . 
 i both wanted to feel him pound himself into me , and did n't . 
 the thought was exciting , but it was one of those pains that worked better in fantasy than real life . 
 he pushed the head of himself inside me , gentle at first , then more firmly , as if he were trying to find a way deeper . 
 he pushed slow , and firm , and tight , until i made a sound of protest . 
 thunder rumbled again , and the wind gusted . 
 i could smell rain and ozone , as if lightning had struck somewhere near , though the only lightning had been in mistral 's eyes . 
 `` how much do you like pain ? '' 
 he asked , and his voice held thunder the way that doyle 's could hold the growl of a dog . 
 i thought i knew what he was asking , and i hesitated . 
 how much do i like pain ? 
 i decided honesty was safest . 
 i gazed back over my body until i could see him , and whatever words of caution i was about to utter died in my throat . 
 he was something elemental . 
 his body still held an outline , a solidness , but inside that solid line of skin were clouds , grey and black and white , boiling and writhing . 
 the lightning flashed in his eyes again , and this time it rode down his body , a jagged line of brilliance that filled the world with the metallic smell of ozone . 
 but it did n't affect my body like real lightning would have . 
 instead it was just a brilliant dance of light . 
 his eyes glowed in his face , lit by strike after strike of bright , white light . 
 about every third flash , the lightning shot down his body and decorated his skin . 
 his hair had come free of its ponytail , and that grey sheet of hair danced in the wind of his power , like some soft grey blanket trapped on a wash line as the storm thunders closer . 
 as many times as i 'd made love to warriors of the sidhe , to creatures of faerie , the sight of him behind me still stole my words . 
 i 'd seen many wonders , but nothing quite like mistral . 
 he asked again , `` how much do you like pain ? '' 
 but as he spoke , the lightning flashed , the glow filling his mouth and pouring out with his words . 
 i said the only thing i could think of : `` finish . '' 
 he smiled , and his lips held an edge of that glow . 
 `` finish ; just finish ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` will you enjoy it ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 his smile widened , and his eyes flashed , and that line of light sparkled down his body . 
 i was blind for a moment in the brilliance of it . 
 he began to draw himself out of me . 
 `` so be it , '' he said in that deep , rolling voice . 
 thunder echoed him along the roof , and for a moment it seemed as if the very walls thrummed with him . 
 he shoved himself inside me as fast and hard as he could , and he was too long . 
 i screamed , and it was n't all pleasure . 
 i tried not to , but i began to writhe , not closer , but farther away , crawling away from that hard , sharp pain . 
 he grabbed my hair , tight . 
 held me in place while he pounded himself into me . 
 i screamed , and this time , it held words . 
 `` finish , goddess , please finish . 
 go , just go . '' 
 he jerked me up on my knees , using my hair like a lever to press our bodies against each other . 
 he was still buried in me , but the position was better . 
 it was a little less deep and did n't hurt . 
 he wrapped his other arm around the front of my body , and held me tight against the front of his . 
 he tightened the hand in my hair , drawing a sound from me that was n't pain . 
 he spoke with his mouth pressed against the side of my face . 
 `` i know that i hurt you before , but already your body forgives me . 
 so soon , and you make pleasure noises for me . '' 
 he jerked my head back with his handful of my hair . 
 it did hurt , but i liked it anyway . 
 i just did . 
 `` you like this , '' he whispered against my face , and i felt wind against my face . 
 `` yes , '' i said . 
 `` but not the other , '' he said , and the wind buffeted us , hard enough that we swayed for a moment . 
 i rolled my eyes past him and found the ceiling crawling with clouds . 
 clouds that could have been the twins of the ones moving under his skin . 
 he jerked my hair again , brought me back to his face . 
 `` i thought i would come too soon , and now i am taking too long . '' 
 `` you will not come until the storm does . '' 
 it was abeloec 's voice , but strangely not . 
 mistral loosened his hold on my hair , so we could both look at the other man . 
 what i saw was eyes that spun with crimson , emerald , and sapphire , as if they were full of liquid jewels . 
 his hair was flared out around him , but not because the wind pulled it - more like the tail of a bird , or a cloak held carefully out by some invisible hands . 
 the lines of color glowed through that hair , and went out into the dark like rope . 
 the ropes of glowing color found dark shapes outside our circle of power . 
 all the men out there in the dead gardens were covered in those lines . 
 i tried to see if they were all right , but the thunder rolled through us , and it was as if the world itself shook with it . 
 mistral shuddered around me , inside me , and that made me shudder . 
 he hugged me tight with both of his strong arms . 
 not hurting me for a moment , not trying to . 
 `` if taking you from behind is too much , then what else is left ? 
 i have hurt you in front , as well . '' 
 i leaned back against his body , letting myself rest against him completely . 
 `` if you 're strong enough to keep yourself up off my body while we fuck , you wo n't brush the front of me . '' 
 `` off your body ? '' 
 he sounded puzzled . 
 `` i will be facing up , you on top , but the only thing that touches me is what is inside me now . '' 
 `` if you are flat , i will not be able to get as much inside you . '' 
 `` i 'll rise up to meet you . '' 
 then i asked , `` are you ? '' 
 `` am i what ? '' 
 he asked , and the lightning in his eyes blinded me for a moment . 
 `` strong enough , '' i said with my vision full of bright white spots . 
 he laughed , then , and it was like a low rumble of thunder not just in my ear , but along my body , as if the sound traveled through his very bones and into mine . 
 `` yes , '' he said . 
 `` yes , i am strong enough . '' 
 `` prove it , '' i said , and my voice was a whisper that was almost lost in the sound of wind and thunder . 
 he let me move off him and helped me to lie down on what was left of our makeshift blanket . 
 if we had been about to make love in standard missionary position , then i would have been more concerned about the blanket . 
 but if we did this right , very little of me would be touching the ground . 
 i lay back against the hard , dry ground for a moment , my knees bent . 
 mistral hesitated , kneeling between them . 
 lightning flashed in his eyes , danced down his body , so that it looked for a moment as if the jagged bolt went from his eyes and out his leg into the ground . 
 i heard a more distant crackle , and saw the first lightning bolt dance in the clouds at the ceiling . 
 the smell of ozone came faint ; the scent of close rain was stronger . 
 `` mistral , '' i said , `` now - enter me now . '' 
 `` i will brush against the front of your body , '' he said . 
 `` it will hurt . '' 
 `` enter me , and i 'll show you . '' 
 he lowered himself to me , keeping his arms locked and his body above mine . 
 he slid himself inside me , and before he was finished , i moved up to meet him . 
 i raised my upper body in a sort of sit-up , more like an abdominal crunch . 
 i could n't hold the position forever , but i could hold it a long time , if i put my hands on either side of my thighs and held on . 
 it held me simultaneously in position and open wide . 
 i watched him push himself inside me by the white moonlight glow of my own skin , and the distant flash of lightning that he 'd released into the clouds above . 
 it was almost as if now that the lighting was up there , there was n't so very much inside him . 
 he began to pump his body into mine . 
 just the long shaft of him in and out of my body , while i held myself in a tight little ball , and he held the rest of his body above mine . 
 `` i love watching your body move in and out of mine , '' i said . 
 he lowered his head so that his hair trailed over me , and he could watch his own body work in and out of mine . 
 `` yesss , '' he breathed , `` yesss . '' 
 he started to lose his rhythm and had to look away from the sight of our bodies locked together . 
 soon he resumed his long sure strokes . 
 thunder pounded the world , lightning crackled and smashed into the ground . 
 the storm was coming . 
 he began to go faster , harder , smashing himself into me . 
 but from this position , it did n't hurt . 
 from this position , it felt wonderful . 
 i could feel the beginnings of my own pleasure growing inside me . 
 `` i 'm going to come soon , '' i said , and it was almost a yell over the sound of wind and storm . 
 `` not yet , '' he said , `` not yet . '' 
 i was n't sure if he was talking to me or himself , but he suddenly seemed to give himself permission to fuck me as hard as he wanted . 
 he drove himself in and out of me with a force that rocked my body , ground my ass into the leaves , and made me cry out with purest joy . 
 lightning began to rain down from the clouds . 
 one white-hot bolt after another , as if the clouds were screaming , and this was as fast as they could throw lightning down upon us . 
 the ground shuddered with the beating of the lightning and the roll of the thunder . 
 it was as if the lightning was hitting the ground as often as mistral 's body hit into mine . 
 over and over and over again , he rammed inside me , and over and over and over again , the lightning struck the earth . 
 the world smelled metallic with ozone , and every hair stood to attention with the electric dance of it . 
 he brought me screaming , fingers digging into my own thighs , holding my place , holding my place , while the orgasm shook me , took me , and my body spasmed around his . 
 my screams were lost in the violence of the storm , but i heard mistral cry out above me , a second before his body thrust inside mine one last time . 
 he came inside me , and the lightning struck the earth like a huge white hand . 
 i was blinded with white light . 
 i dug my nails into my thighs to remind myself where i was , and what i was doing . 
 i wanted his release to be everything he wished . 
 but finally , i had to collapse to the ground , had to let my legs unbend . 
 i lay on the dry ground , panting , trying to relearn how to breathe . 
 he collapsed on top of me , still inside my body . 
 his heart was beating so fast that it felt as if it would spill out his body and touch me . 
 rain began to fall , gently . 
 his first words were breathless . 
 `` am i hurting you ? '' 
 i tried to raise my arm to touch him , but still could n't move . 
 `` nothing hurts right now , '' i said . 
 he let out his breath in a long sigh . 
 `` good . '' 
 his heart began to slow as the rain fell harder . 
 i turned my face to the side so the drops would n't be hitting me full on . 
 i 'd thought the weather inside the cavern would stop with mistral 's orgasm . 
 but though the storm had ended , there was still a sky above us . 
 a cloudy , rainy sky . 
 it had not rained underground in faerie for at least four hundred years . 
 we had a sky and rain , and we were still underground . 
 it was impossible , but the rain on my face was warm . 
 a spring rain , something gentle , to coax the flowers out . 
 he raised himself up enough to pull himself out of my body and lie by my side . 
 i felt moisture on his face , and thought at first that it was rain . 
 then i realized it was tears . 
 had the rain come because he cried , or did one thing have nothing to do with the other ? 
 i did not know . 
 i only knew that he cried , and i held out my arms to him . 
 abeloec , mistral , and i got to our feet in the soft spring rain . 
 it took me a moment to realize that there was light now . 
 not the colored shine of magic but a dim , pale light , as if there were a moon somewhere up near the stone roof of the cavern . 
 i could n't see the ceiling anymore . 
 it was lost in a soft mist of clouds where the stone had been . 
 `` sky , '' someone whispered , `` there 's sky above us . '' 
 i turned to look at the other men who had been held outside the glowing circle of abeloec 's magic . 
 i turned to find out who had spoken , but the moment i saw the others , i did n't care . 
 i did n't even care that it was raining , or that there was sky , or some phantom moon . 
 all i could think was that we were missing people : a lot of people . 
 frost and rhys were white shadows in the dimness , and doyle a darker presence by their side . 
 `` doyle , where are the others ? '' 
 it was rhys who answered . 
 `` the garden took them . '' 
 `` what does that mean ? '' 
 i asked . 
 i took a step toward them , but mistral held me back . 
 `` until we find out what is happening , we can not risk you , princess . '' 
 `` he is right , '' doyle said . 
 he walked toward us , gliding graceful and nude , but there was something in the way he moved that said the fight was n't over . 
 he moved as if he expected the ground itself to open up and attack . 
 just watching him move like that scared me . 
 something was horribly wrong . 
 `` stay with mistral and abe . 
 frost with merry . 
 rhys with me . '' 
 i thought someone would argue with him , but they did n't . 
 they followed him as they had followed him for a thousand years . 
 my pulse was thudding in my throat , and i did n't understand what was happening , but i was almost certain in that moment that the men would never obey me as they obeyed him . 
 i understood , as he stalked over the softening ground - with rhys like a small , pale shadow at his side - why my aunt andais had never made love to doyle . 
 never given him a chance to fill her belly with child . 
 she did not share power , and doyle was a man whom other men followed . 
 he had the stuff of kings in him . 
 i had known that , but i had n't been certain until this second that the other men knew it , too . 
 maybe not in the front of their heads , but in the very bones of their bodies , they understood what he was , what he could be . 
 he and rhys moved toward a fringe of tall trees , their branches stark and dead against the soft , rainy twilight . 
 doyle was looking up into the trees , as if he saw something in the empty branches . 
 `` what is that ? '' 
 mistral asked . 
 `` i do n't see ... , '' abe began ; then i heard his breath draw in sharp . 
 `` what , what is it ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` aisling , i think , '' frost whispered . 
 i glanced at frost . 
 i could remember some of the other men who had been touching the trees . 
 adair , for example , had climbed a tree . 
 i remembered seeing him up in the branches in the middle of all the sex and magic . 
 but i did n't remember seeing aisling after the magic hit us . 
 `` i saw adair climbing a tree , but i do n't remember aisling , '' i said . 
 `` he vanished once we entered the garden , '' frost said . 
 `` i thought he had been left behind in the room with barinthus and the others , '' i said . 
 `` no , he was not left behind , '' mistral said . 
 `` i ca n't see what doyle is looking at . '' 
 `` you may not wish to , '' abe said . 
 `` i know i do n't . '' 
 `` do n't treat me like a child . 
 what do you see ? 
 what 's happened to aisling ? '' 
 i pulled away from mistral . 
 but he and abe were still between me and the line of trees . 
 `` move aside , '' i said . 
 they glanced at each other , but did n't move . 
 they would not obey me as they obeyed doyle . 
 `` i am princess meredith nicessus , wielder of the hand of flesh and blood . 
 you are royal guards , but not royal . 
 do n't let the sex go to your heads , gentlemen - move ! '' 
 `` do as she says , '' frost said . 
 they glanced at each other , but then parted so i could see . 
 unlike frost , doyle would have known not to help me , because now they were n't obeying me . 
 they were obeying frost . 
 but that was a problem for another night . 
 this night , this night , i wanted to see what everyone else had already seen . 
 there was a pale shape hanging from the tallest branch of the tallest tree . 
 i thought at first that aisling was hanging by his hands , dangling from the branch on purpose ; then i realized that his hands were by his sides . 
 he was dangling from the branch , yes , but not by his hands . 
 the rain started to fall harder . 
 `` the branch ... , '' i whispered , `` it 's pierced his chest . '' 
 `` yes , '' mistral said . 
 i swallowed hard enough that it hurt . 
 there were n't many things that could bring death to the high court of faerie . 
 there were tales of the immortal sidhe standing up after a beheading , still alive . 
 but there were no stories about living on after your heart was gone . 
 some of the other guards had n't wanted aisling to sleep in the bedroom with us , feeling he was too dangerous . 
 to look upon his face had once been to fall instantly , hopelessly in love with him . 
 even goddesses and some gods had fallen to his power , once , or so the old stories said . 
 so he had voluntarily kept most of his clothes on , including the gauzy veil that he wore wrapped around his face . 
 only his eyes were left bare . 
 he was a man so beautiful that all who saw him , loved him . 
 i had ordered him to use that power on one of our enemies . 
 she had tried to kill galen , and almost succeeded . 
 but i had n't understood what i asked of him , or what i condemned her to see . 
 she had given us information , but she had also clawed out her own eyes so she would no longer be under his power . 
 the ground was soft under our feet as we walked toward aisling 's body . 
 the sharp , dry vegetation had melted into the softening earth . 
 much more of this downpour and it would be mud . 
 i had to shield my eyes with my hand to gaze up at the body in the tree . 
 body , just a body . 
 i was already distancing myself from him . 
 already i was making that mental switch that had allowed me to work murder cases in los angeles . 
 body , it , not he , and absolutely not aisling . 
 the it hung there , with a black branch thicker than my arm sticking out through the chest . 
 there had to be two feet worth of branch on this side of the body . 
 such force it would have taken to pierce the chest of any man like that , a warrior of the unseelie court . 
 a nearly immortal being , once worshipped as a god . 
 such beings do not die easily . 
 he had n't even cried out ... or had he ? 
 had he cried his death on the air , and i been deaf to it ? 
 had my screams of pleasure drowned out his cries of despair ? 
 no , no , i had to stop thinking like that , or i would run screaming . 
 `` is he ... , '' abe began . 
 none of the men answered him or finished his sentence . 
 we all stared up , wordless , as if by not saying it , we 'd keep it from being true . 
 he hung so limp , like a broken puppet , but thick , and meaty , and more real than any doll . 
 he was utterly still and limp in that heavy-limbed way that not even the deepest sleep can duplicate . 
 i spoke into that rain-soaked silence . 
 `` dead . '' 
 and that one word seemed louder than it actually was . 
 `` how ? 
 why ? '' 
 abe asked . 
 `` the how is pretty apparent , '' rhys said . 
 `` the why is a mystery . '' 
 i looked away from what hung in the tree , out into the twilight of the gardens . 
 i was n't looking away from aisling , but rather looking for the others . 
 i tried to ignore the tightness of my throat , the speeding of my pulse . 
 i tried not to finish the thought that had made me turn and search the dimness . 
 were there other men dead , or dying , in the dimness ? 
 who else was pierced through by some magical tree ? 
 there was nothing to see but the dead branches stretching naked toward the clouds - none of the other trees held a gruesome trophy . 
 the tightness in my chest eased when i was sure that all the trees were empty except this one . 
 i barely knew aisling . 
 he had never been my lover , and had only been one of my guards for a day . 
 i was sorry for the loss of him , but there were others among my guards that i cared about more , and they were still missing . 
 i was happy they were n't decorating the trees , but that left me wondering what else might have become of them . 
 where were they ? 
 doyle spoke so close to me that i jumped . 
 `` i do not see any of the others in the trees . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` no , no . '' 
 i looked for frost . 
 he stood close , but not close enough to hold me . 
 i wanted to be comforted by one of them , but it was a child 's wish . 
 a child 's wish for lies in the dark , that the monster is n't under the bed . 
 i had grown up in a world where the monsters were very real . 
 `` you were holding galen , and nicca was with you , '' i said . 
 `` what happened to them ? '' 
 frost brushed his sodden hair from his face , the silver looking as grey as mistral 's in the dim light . 
 `` galen was swallowed up by the ground . '' 
 his eyes showed pain . 
 `` i could not hold on to him . 
 it was as if some great force wrenched him away . '' 
 i was suddenly cold , and the warm rain was n't enough to keep it at bay . 
 i said , `` when amatheon did the same thing in my vision , he went willingly . 
 he just sank into the mud . 
 there was no wrenching force . '' 
 `` i can only report what happened , princess . '' 
 his voice had gone sullen . 
 if he thought i 'd criticized him , then so be it ; i did n't have time to hold his hand . 
 `` that was vision , '' mistral said . 
 `` sometimes on this side of the veil , it 's not so gentle . '' 
 `` what 's not so gentle ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` being consumed by your power , '' he said . 
 i shook my head , wiping impatiently at the rain on my face . 
 i was beginning to be irritated . 
 the miracle of it raining in the dead gardens was n't enough to calm the cold fear . 
 `` i wish this rain would let up , '' i said without thinking . 
 angry and afraid , and the rain was something i could be angry at without hurting its feelings . 
 the rain slackened . 
 it went from a downpour to a light drizzle . 
 my pulse was in my throat again , but not for the same reason . 
 it was a miracle that there was rain here , and i had n't meant to make it go away . 
 doyle touched my mouth with a callused fingertip . 
 `` hush , meredith - do not destroy the blessing of this rain . '' 
 i nodded to let him know i understood . 
 he took his finger away , slowly . 
 `` i forgot that the sithen listens to everything i say . '' 
 i swallowed hard enough that it hurt . 
 `` i do n't want the rain to stop . '' 
 we stood there , everyone tense , waiting . 
 yes , aisling was dead , and many more missing , but the dead gardens had been the heart of our faerie mound once , and were more important than any one life . 
 they had been the heart of our power . 
 when this place had died , our power had begun to die . 
 i saw with relief that the warm spring drizzle kept falling . 
 slowly , we all let out a breath . 
 `` be careful what you say , princess , '' mistral whispered . 
 i just nodded . 
 `` nicca stood up , staring at his hands , '' frost said , as if i 'd asked . 
 `` he reached out to me , but before i could touch him he vanished . '' 
 `` vanished how ? '' 
 abe asked . 
 `` just vanished , as if he became air . '' 
 `` he was taken by his sphere of influence , '' mistral said . 
 `` what does that mean ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` air , earth . '' 
 i shook my hands at him , as if waving away smoke between us . 
 `` i do n't understand . '' 
 `` hawthorne was engulfed by the trunk of that tree over there , '' rhys said . 
 he pointed to a large greyish-barked tree . 
 `` he did n't fight it . 
 he went smiling . 
 i 'd bet almost anything that if we could identity it , it would be a hawthorn tree . '' 
 `` galen and nicca did not go smiling , '' frost said . 
 `` they have never been worshipped as deities , '' doyle said , `` so they do not know to relax into the power . 
 if you fight it , it will fight back . 
 if you let it take you , then it is more gentle . '' 
 `` i know that once upon a time , some of the sidhe could travel through ground , trees , the air . 
 but forgive me , guys , that was a thousand years before i was born . 
 a thousand years before galen was born . 
 nicca is older , but he was always too weak to be a god . '' 
 `` that may have changed , '' abe said . 
 `` just as abe 's power returned , '' doyle said . 
 abe nodded . 
 `` once , so long ago that i do n't want to remember , i did n't just make queens . 
 i made goddesses . '' 
 `` what are you saying ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he brought the horn cup in front of him . 
 `` the greeks believed in it , too , princess . 
 that the drink of the gods could make you immortal ; could make you a god . '' 
 `` but they did n't drink from it . '' 
 `` the drinking is - '' he seemed to search for a word . '' 
 - more metaphorical , at times . 
 it was my power , and medb 's , that gave the gods and goddesses of our pantheon their marks of power . 
 the colored lines , princess , they paint the skin . '' 
 rhys looked down at his arm , where there had been that one faint fish . 
 now there were two , one swimming down , another swimming upward . 
 it formed a circle , like a fish version of yin and yang . 
 the blue lines were n't faint now - they were bright , clear blue , deeper than a summer sky . 
 rhys 's curls had been plastered flat by the rain , so the face he turned to us seemed startled and unfinished . 
 `` you bear both marks now , '' doyle said . 
 with his hair in a tight braid , he looked as he always looked . 
 he stood in the middle of all the disarray like some dark rock i might cling to . 
 rhys looked up at him . 
 `` it ca n't be that easy . '' 
 `` try , '' he said . 
 `` try what ? '' 
 i asked . 
 the men were all exchanging some knowledge from look to look . 
 i did n't understand . 
 `` rhys was a deity of death , '' frost said . 
 `` i know that ; he was cromm cruach . '' 
 `` do n't you remember the story he told you ? '' 
 doyle asked . 
 in that moment i could n't remember . 
 all i could think was that galen and nicca might be dead , or hurting , and it was somehow my fault . 
 `` once i brought more than just death , merry , '' rhys said , still gazing down at his arm with its new mark . 
 my mind started working finally . 
 `` celtic death deities are also healing deities , according to legend , '' i said . 
 `` according to legend , '' rhys said . 
 he gazed up at aisling . 
 `` try , '' doyle said to rhys , again . 
 i looked at rhys . 
 `` are you saying you can bring him back from the dead ? '' 
 `` the last time i had both symbols on my arm , i could . '' 
 he looked at me , and there was such pain on his face . 
 i remembered what he had told me now . 
 once his followers had worshipped him by cutting and hurting themselves , sacrificing their blood and pain , but he had been able to heal them . 
 then he lost the ability to heal , and his followers thought he was displeased . 
 they decided he wanted the deaths of others , and they began the sacrifices . 
 he had slaughtered them all to stop the atrocities . 
 slain his own people to save the rest . 
 he had never lost the ability to kill small creatures with a touch . 
 in los angeles he 'd recovered the ability to kill other faerie creatures with a touch and a word . 
 he 'd killed a goblin that way , at least . 
 rhys gazed up at aisling 's still form . 
 `` i 'll try . '' 
 he handed his weapons to doyle and frost , then touched the tree . 
 he seemed to wait a moment , to see what the tree would do . 
 for the first time i realized that he was wondering if the tree would kill him , too - that had n't occurred to me . 
 `` is it safe for rhys to do this ? '' 
 i asked . 
 rhys looked back at me . 
 he grinned . 
 `` if i were taller , i would n't have to climb . '' 
 `` i mean it , rhys . 
 i do n't want to trade you for aisling . 
 and i really do n't want two of you hanging up there . '' 
 `` if i really thought you loved me , i might not chance it . '' 
 `` rhys ... '' `` it 's all right , merry , i know where i stand . '' 
 he turned to the tree and started climbing . 
 doyle touched my shoulder . 
 `` you can not love us all equally . 
 there is no dishonor in that . '' 
 i nodded , and believed him , but it still hurt my heart . 
 rhys looked like some white phantom against the blackness of the tree . 
 he was right underneath where aisling hung . 
 he was just about to reach out toward him when magic crawled across my skin , stopped my breath in my throat . 
 doyle felt it , too , and yelled , `` wait ! 
 do n't touch him ! '' 
 rhys started climbing back down the tree , sliding on the rain-slicked bark . 
 `` rhys ! 
 hurry ! '' 
 i screamed . 
 the air around aisling 's body shimmered , like a heat haze , then exploded . 
 not in a rain of flesh and blood and bone , but in a cloud of birds . 
 tiny birds , smaller , more delicate than sparrows . 
 dozens of songbirds flew over our heads . 
 we all fell to the ground , guarding our heads . 
 frost put his body over mine , protecting me from the fluttering , twittering mob . 
 the birds looked charming , but looks can be deceiving . 
 when frost raised up enough for me to see clearly again , the birds had vanished into the dimness of the trees . 
 i stretched upward , trying to see . 
 `` is the cavern wall farther away than it was ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` yes , '' doyle said . 
 `` the forest stretches for miles now , '' mistral said , and his voice held awe . 
 `` they call it the dead gardens , not the dead forest , '' i said . 
 `` it was both once , '' doyle said , softly . 
 rhys explained , `` this was a world at one time , merry , a whole underground world . 
 there were forests and streams , and lakes , and wonders to behold . 
 but it whittled down , as our power was whittled away . 
 until , at the end , it was just what you saw when we entered - a bare patch where a flower garden once grew , surrounded by a fringe of dead trees . '' 
 he motioned toward the spreading trees . 
 `` the last time i saw anything like this inside any faerie mound was centuries ago . '' 
 abe hugged me from behind . 
 it startled me , and i tensed . 
 he started to pull away from me , but i patted his arm and said , `` you startled me , that 's all . '' 
 he hesitated , then hugged me close . 
 `` you 've done this , princess . '' 
 i turned enough to see his face . 
 he was smiling . 
 `` i think you helped , too , '' i said . 
 `` and mistral , '' doyle added . 
 his deep voice tried for neutral and almost made it , as much as it hurt him to say those words . 
 he 'd been convinced that the queen 's ring , which now sat on my hand , had chosen mistral for my king . 
 only later had i been able to convince him it was n't so much mistral as the fact that he was simply the first sex i 'd had inside faerie while wearing the ring . 
 doyle had accepted that , but now he seemed to be wondering again . 
 `` doyle , '' i said . 
 he shook his head at me . 
 `` for miracles such as this , what is one person 's happiness , princess ? '' 
 i 'd almost broken him of calling me princess . 
 i had finally been meredith , or merry , to him , but no longer , apparently . 
 i touched his arm . 
 he pulled away from my touch , gently but firmly . 
 `` you give up too easily , my friend , '' frost said . 
 `` there is sky above us , frost . '' 
 doyle motioned outward with the gun in his hand . 
 `` there is forest to walk through . '' 
 he raised his face upward , and let the warm rain fall on his closed eyes . 
 `` it rains inside the sithen once more . '' 
 doyle opened his eyes and looked at frost , grabbing his arm , dark against light . 
 `` how clear do you need your messages to be , frost ? 
 it seems that mistral did this . '' 
 `` i will not give up my hope , darkness . 
 i will not lose it , when it is so freshly won . 
 you should not , either . '' 
 `` i 've missed something , '' rhys said . 
 doyle shook his head . 
 `` you have missed nothing . '' 
 `` now , that 's too close to a lie , and we never lie , '' said rhys . 
 `` i will not discuss this with you , here , '' doyle said . 
 he looked past rhys to mistral 's tall figure . 
 it was a small look , but enough to tell me of his jealousy . 
 `` look to your own power , darkness , '' abe said . 
 `` enough , '' said doyle . 
 `` we must tell the queen what has happened . '' 
 `` look at your chest , darkness , '' abe said . 
 doyle frowned at him , then looked down . 
 my gaze followed his . 
 it was hard to see against the black of his skin , and in the uncertain light , but ... `` there are lines on your skin , red lines . '' 
 i moved closer , trying to decipher what abe 's power had drawn on doyle 's skin . 
 i started to reach out , to trace the lines on his chest . 
 doyle moved out of reach . 
 `` i can not bear much more , princess . '' 
 `` your body is painted with your symbol again , '' abe said . 
 `` it is not just mistral who is returning . '' 
 `` but it is he who is returning faerie to itself , '' doyle said . 
 `` and i was ready to stand in the way of it , for my heart would not let me lose this fight . 
 but that was before this wonder of the dead gardens come back to life , and my sign of power returning . 
 i have served this court century after century as we lost all that we were . 
 how could i do less than serve the court as we begin to win back what was lost ? 
 either my oath to serve means something , or it never meant anything at all . 
 either i can do this for the good of our people , or i have never been the queen 's darkness . 
 i either do this , or i am nothing , do you not see that ? '' 
 abe went to him , touched his arm . 
 `` i hear you , so honorable darkness , but i tell you that this power is a generous thing . 
 goddess is a generous goddess . 
 god is a generous god . 
 they do not give with one hand and take with the other . 
 they are not so cruel . '' 
 `` i have found their service most cruel . '' 
 `` nay , you have found andais 's service cruel , '' abe said , voice soft . 
 a bird twittered out in the twilight woods - a sound of settling in for the night , sleepy and questioning . 
 a voice came out of the dimness : `` i thought you a drunken fool , abeloec , but now i realize that it was n't the drink making you so . 
 it 's simply your natural state . '' 
 we all whirled toward the voice . 
 queen andais stepped from the far wall , where she had emerged earlier . 
 we had been more than careless not to realize she might come back . 
 abe dropped to one knee in the mud . 
 `` i meant no offense , my queen . '' 
 `` yes , you did . '' 
 she walked only a little way toward us , then stopped , grimacing . 
 `` i am happy to see the rain and clouds , but the mud , i could have done without . '' 
 `` we are sorry that you are displeased , my queen , '' mistral said . 
 `` the apology would sound better if you were on your knees , '' she said . 
 mistral dropped to his knees in the mud beside abe . 
 their hair was too long , wet and heavy ; it trailed into the mud . 
 i did n't like seeing them like that . 
 it made me afraid for them . 
 she waded through the now ankle-deep mud until she could have touched them , but she walked past . 
 instead , she reached out to trace her fingers across doyle 's chest . 
 `` puppy dogs , '' she said , smiling . 
 doyle stood impassive under the caress of her hand , though andais had made a torture of caresses . 
 she would tease and torment , then deny them release . 
 she 'd made a game of it for centuries . 
 she touched frost 's arm . 
 `` your tree is dark against your skin now . '' 
 she moved to rhys , touching the dual fish . 
 she moved to me , and i fought not to cringe away from her . 
 she put her hand on my stomach where the exact imprint of a moth stood , like the world 's most perfect tattoo . 
 `` a few hours ago this moth fluttered , struggling to escape your skin . '' 
 i looked down at where she touched , hoping she would n't go lower . 
 she did n't like me , but she might touch my intimate parts because she knew i loathed her . 
 sex and hatred always mixed well for my aunt . 
 `` my guards told me that it would become like a tattoo . '' 
 `` did they tell you what it was ? '' 
 `` a mark of power . '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` the others have the outline of a creature , or an image , but your moth looks real . 
 it is more like a photograph imprinted on your skin . 
 that is not something that abeloec 's magic can give you . 
 this '' - she pressed hard against my stomach - `` means you can mark others . 
 it means that those you mark are lesser powers flocking to the warmth of your fire . '' 
 she curled her arm around my waist , and pressed my body against the black robe of hers . 
 she whispered against my ear , `` the men do n't like this , no , they do n't . 
 they do n't like me touching you , not one ... '' she licked the edge of my ear , `` little ... '' she licked down the curve of my neck , `` bit . '' 
 she bit me , hard and sudden , not to draw blood , but to make me jerk . 
 she drew her head up and said quietly , `` i thought you liked pain , meredith . '' 
 `` not straight out of the box , no . '' 
 `` that 's not what i heard . '' 
 she let me go and walked around the group of us . 
 `` where are all the other men who vanished from the bedroom with you ? '' 
 `` the garden has taken them , '' doyle said . 
 `` taken them , how ? '' 
 `` taken them into tree and flower and ground , '' he said , not meeting her eyes . 
 `` as amatheon rose from the dirt , will they return to us , or was their death the price for this miracle ? '' 
 she whispered it , but her voice seemed to echo . 
 `` we do n't know , '' doyle said . 
 a bird began to sing again . 
 a high , trilling cascade of music fell from the sky , dancing over us . 
 and as if sound could be touch , it wrapped us around in something beautiful , something just out of sight . 
 it seemed a reminder that the dawn would come and death would not be forever . 
 it was the sound of hope that comes each spring to let you know that winter will not last , and the land is not dead . 
 i could not help but smile . 
 mistral and abe raised their faces upward , as if turning gratefully into a spill of warm sunshine . 
 andais began to back away as the last sweet note fell upon the air . 
 she backed toward the part of the wall that still held darkness , as if the magic 's return could not touch it . 
 `` you will make of the unseelie court a pale imitation of the golden court that your uncle rules , meredith . 
 you will fill the darkness that is our purpose with light and music , and we will die as a people . '' 
 `` once there were many courts , '' abeloec said , `` some dark , some light , but all faerie . 
 we did not divide ourselves into good and bad as the christians do for their religion . 
 we were everything at once , as we were meant to be . '' 
 andais did not bother to respond . 
 instead she simply said , `` you have brought life to the dead gardens . 
 i will not try to pixie on my promise . 
 come to the hallway of mortality and save nerys 's people if you can . 
 bring that bright seelie magic into the other heart of the unseelie court and see how long it survives . '' 
 with that she was gone . 
 we waited for a few heartbeats ; then mistral and abe stood , mud coating their lower legs . 
 no voice from the dark told them to get back on their knees . 
 i let out a breath i had n't realized i was holding . 
 `` what did she mean when she said that our court has two hearts ? '' 
 i asked . 
 abe answered , `` once every faerie mound had a garden or forest or lake at its heart . 
 but every court also had another heart of power - one that would reflect the kind of magic the court specialized in . '' 
 `` you have brought one heart back to life , '' mistral said , `` but i am not certain it is wise to reawaken the other . '' 
 `` the hallway is a torture chamber , where most magic does not work . 
 it 's a null place , '' i said . 
 `` but once , meredith , it was more . '' 
 i looked at the men . 
 `` more how ? '' 
 `` things that were older than faerie , older than us , were imprisoned there . 
 remnants of power from the peoples we had defeated . '' 
 `` i 'm not sure i understand , mistral . '' 
 he looked at doyle . 
 `` help me explain this . '' 
 `` once there were creatures in the hallway of mortality that could bring true death to even the sidhe . 
 they were kept there to serve as methods of execution , or torture , or simply the threat of those things . 
 the queen did not care for them because , as you well know , she likes to do her own torturing . 
 watching some other being tear us limb from limb was not half so amusing to her as doing it herself . '' 
 `` and we healed better if she did it , '' rhys said . 
 doyle nodded . 
 `` yes , she could torture us longer and more often if the things did not help . '' 
 `` what kind of things ? '' 
 i asked . 
 i did n't like how serious they 'd gotten . 
 `` terrible things . 
 a glimpse of them would drive a mortal mad , '' he said . 
 `` how long ago did these things vanish from the sithen ? '' 
 `` a thousand years , maybe more , '' he said . 
 `` the forests have n't been gone so long as that , '' i said . 
 `` no , not quite that long . '' 
 `` why are you all so worried ? '' 
 `` because if you , or the goddess 's power through you , can bring this about , '' abe said , motioning at the ever-expanding forest , `` then we must prepare for the fact that the second heart of our court can come back to full life , as well . '' 
 `` perhaps merry is too seelie to bring back such horrors ? '' 
 mistral said , almost hopefully . 
 `` her two hands of power are flesh and blood , '' doyle said . 
 `` those are not seelie magicks . '' 
 `` i came to the princess for aid for nerys 's people , but i would not risk her now , not for a house full of traitors , '' said mistral . 
 `` if we save them , they wo n't be traitors , '' i said . 
 `` they still believe that your mortality is contagious , '' rhys said . 
 `` they still think that if you sit on the throne , we will all begin to age and die . '' 
 `` do you think that nerys 's court still has enough honor to realize that i 'm trying to ensure that their rulers ' sacrifice was n't for nothing ? 
 nerys gave her life so her house would not die , and i want that to mean something . '' 
 `` deity magic brought us here , '' rhys said , `` but how do we get out ? 
 there 's no door anymore to the dead gardens . '' 
 `` meredith , '' frost said . 
 i looked at him . 
 `` ask the sithen to give us a door leading out of here . '' 
 `` do you think it will be that easy ? '' 
 rhys said . 
 `` if the sithen wishes merry to save nerys 's people , yes , '' said frost . 
 `` and if it does n't wish them saved , or if it does n't care ? '' 
 frost shrugged . 
 `` if you have a better suggestion , i am listening . '' 
 rhys spread his hands as if to say no . 
 i looked out at the dark wall and said , `` i need a door that leads out of here . '' 
 the darkness grew less , and a door - a large golden door - appeared in the cave wall . 
 i almost said , thank you , but some of the older magicks do n't like to be thanked - they take insult from it . 
 i swallowed , and whispered , `` it 's a lovely door . '' 
 carving appeared around the door frame , vines drawn through the wood as if by an invisible finger . 
 `` that 's new , '' rhys whispered . 
 `` let us go through , before it decides to vanish , '' frost said . 
 he was right . 
 he was most certainly right . 
 but strangely , none of us wanted to pass through the door until the invisible finger had finished drawing its vines . 
 only when the wood had stopped moving did doyle touch the golden handle , and turn it . 
 he led the way into a hallway that was almost as black as his own skin . 
 if he stood still , he 'd blend into the background . 
 rhys touched the wall . 
 `` we have n't had a black corridor like this in the sithen for years . '' 
 `` it 's made of the same rock as the queen 's chamber , '' i whispered . 
 i 'd had so many bad experiences in the queen 's shiny black-walled room that seeing the sithen turn black like that room frightened me . 
 mistral was the last one through the door . 
 when he stepped through , the door vanished , leaving a smooth black wall , untouched and unyielding . 
 `` the hallway where mistral and merry had sex is turning to white marble , '' frost said . 
 `` what caused this corridor to change to black ? '' 
 `` i do not know , '' doyle said . 
 he was looking up and down the black hallway . 
 `` it has changed too much . 
 i do not know where we are in the sithen . '' 
 `` look at this , '' frost said . 
 he was staring up at the wall across from us . 
 doyle moved to stand beside him , staring at what , to me , looked like blank wall . 
 doyle made a harsh , hissing sound . 
 `` meredith , call the door back . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` just do it . '' 
 his voice was quiet , but it vibrated with urgency , as if he were forcing himself to whisper when what he wanted to do was scream . 
 i did n't argue with that tone in his voice . 
 i called out , `` i would like a door back into the dead gardens . '' 
 the door appeared again , all gold and pale wood , and carved vines . 
 doyle motioned mistral to take the lead . 
 mistral reached for the golden handle , a naked sword in his other hand . 
 what was happening ? 
 why were they frightened ? 
 what had i missed ? 
 mistral went through with abe behind him , me in the middle , and rhys and doyle following . 
 frost came last . 
 but before i passed thorugh the doorway , abe stopped , and mistral 's voice came urgent from inside the dead gardens , `` back , go back ! '' 
 doyle said , `` we can not stay here in the black hallway . '' 
 rhys was pressed against my back , abe pressed against my front . 
 we were frozen between the two captains of the guards , each trying to get us moving in the opposite direction . 
 `` we can not have two captains , mistral , '' frost said . 
 `` without a single leader we are indecisive and endangered . '' 
 `` what is wrong ? '' 
 i asked . 
 there was a sound from down the hallway - a heavy , slithering sound that froze my heart in my chest . 
 i was afraid i recognized it . 
 no , i had to be wrong . 
 then a second sound came : a high chittering sound - one that could be mistaken for birds , but was n't . 
 `` oh , goddess , '' i whispered . 
 `` forward , mistral , now , or we are lost , '' doyle said . 
 `` it is not our garden beyond the door , '' mistral said . 
 the high-pitched bird-like sounds were coming closer , outpacing the heavy slithering weight . 
 the sluagh , the nightmares of the unseelie court and a kingdom in their own right , moved fast but the nightflyers always moved faster than the rest of the sluagh . 
 we were inside the sluagh 's hollow hill ; somehow we had crossed to their sithen . 
 if they found us here ... we might survive , or not . 
 `` do sluagh wait on the other side of the door ? '' 
 doyle asked mistral urgently . 
 `` no , '' mistral called back . 
 `` then go , now ! '' 
 doyle ordered . 
 abe stumbled forward as if mistral had moved suddenly out of the way . 
 we came through the door in a rush with doyle pushing from behind . 
 he was like some kind of elemental force at our backs . 
 it put us in a heap on the ground . 
 i could n't see anything but white flesh , and i felt the muscled weight of them all around me . 
 `` where are we ? '' 
 frost asked . 
 rhys moved , drawing me to my feet with him . 
 doyle , mistral , and frost were all on alert , weapons out , searching for something to fight . 
 the door had vanished , leaving us on the shore of a dark lake . 
 lake may have been too strong a word . 
 the depression was dry except for a slimy skim of water at the very bottom . 
 bones littered the floor of the dying lake , and the shore where we stood . 
 the bones shone dully in the dim light that fell from the stone ceiling , as if the moon had been rubbed into the rock . 
 all around the shore , the stone walls of the cavern rose steeply up into the gloom , surrounded only by a narrow ledge before a steep drop-off into the lake bed . 
 `` call the door again , meredith , '' doyle said , his dark face still searching the dead land . 
 `` yes , and be more specific about our destination this time , '' mistral said . 
 abe was still on the ground . 
 i heard a sharp intake of breath , and glanced over at him . 
 his hand was black and shiny in the dim light . 
 `` what are these bones that they could cut sidhe flesh ? '' 
 doyle answered him . 
 `` they are the bones of the most magical of the sluagh . 
 things so fantastical that when the sluagh began to fade in power , there was not enough magic to sustain their lives . '' 
 i clung to rhys and whispered , `` we 're in the sluagh 's dead gardens . '' 
 `` yes . 
 call the door , now . '' 
 doyle glanced at me , then back to the dim landscape . 
 rhys had one arm around me , the other hand full of his gun . 
 `` do it , merry . '' 
 `` i need a door to the unseelie sithen . '' 
 on the far side of the dead lake , the door appeared . 
 `` well , that 's inconvenient , '' rhys whispered wryly , but he tucked me closer against his body . 
 `` there is room to walk the edge , if we are careful , '' mistral said . 
 `` we can make our way between the cavern walls and the lake bed , if we pick our way carefully around the bones . '' 
 `` be very careful , '' abe said . 
 he was on his feet now , but his left hand and arm were coated with blood . 
 he still held the horn cup in his right hand , though nothing else - he 'd left all his weapons behind in the bedroom . 
 mistral had dressed and rearmed . 
 frost was as armed as he had begun the night . 
 doyle had only what he had been able to grab - no clothes limited how much you could carry . 
 `` frost , bind abeloec 's wound , '' said doyle . 
 `` then we will start for the door . '' 
 `` it is not that bad , darkness , '' abe said . 
 `` this is a place of power for the sluagh , not for us , '' doyle said . 
 `` i would not take the chance that you bleed to death for want of a bandage . '' 
 frost did n't argue , but went to the other man with a strip of cloth torn from his own shirt . 
 he began to bind abe 's hand . 
 `` why does everything hurt more sober ? '' 
 abe asked . 
 `` things feel better sober , too , '' rhys said . 
 i looked up at him . 
 `` you say that like you know that for certain . 
 i 've never seen you drunk . '' 
 `` i spent most of the fifteen hundreds as drunk as my constitution would let me get . 
 you 've seen abe working hard at it - we do n't stay drunk long - but i tried . 
 goddess knows , i tried . '' 
 `` why then ? 
 why that century ? '' 
 `` why not ? '' 
 he asked , making a joke of it , but that was what rhys did when he was hiding something . 
 frost 's arrogance , doyle 's blankness , rhys 's humor : different ways to hide . 
 `` his wound will need a healer , '' frost said , `` but i have done what i can . '' 
 `` very well , '' said doyle , and he began to lead the way around the edge of the lake , toward the soft , gold shine of the door that had come because i called it . 
 why had it appeared all the way across the lake ? 
 why not beside us , like the last two times ? 
 but then , why had it come at all ? 
 why was the sluagh 's sithen , as well as the unseelie sithen , obeying my wishes ? 
 the shore was so narrow that doyle had to put his back to the wall and edge along , for his shoulders were too broad . 
 i actually fit better on the narrow path than the men , but even i had to press my naked back to the smooth cave wall . 
 the stones were n't cold as they would have been in an ordinary cave , but strangely warm . 
 the lip of shore we inched across was meant for smaller things to travel , or perhaps not meant to be walked at all . 
 the skeletons littering the shore were those of things that would have swum , or crawled , but nothing that walked upright . 
 the bones looked like the jumbled-together remains of fish , snakes , and things that normally did n't have skeletons in the oceans of mortal earth . 
 things that looked like squid , except that squid did not have internal skeletons . 
 sholto was tall , muscled , handsome , and looked every bit a highborn sidhe of the seelie court . 
 his long hair was even a pale yellow , like winter sunshine with an edge of snow to it . 
 his arm was in a sling , and as he turned his head to the light , a faint darkness - like a stain of bruises - touched his face . 
 kitto had said sholto 's own court had attacked him . 
 they were afraid that bedding me would make sholto completely sidhe and no longer sluagh enough to be their king . 
 four robed figures stood behind him . 
 they fanned out , some toward the golden door , some toward us . 
 doyle said , `` king sholto , we are not here of our own choice . 
 we ask forgiveness for entering your kingdom uninvited . '' 
 i would have dropped to my knees , if there had been room , but the crumbling edge of black earth was only inches from my feet , and my back was plastered against the stone wall . 
 there was no room for niceties on this path . 
 there was also precious little room for the guards to fight - if they attacked us now , we were going to lose . 
 a blade glimmered from the edge of one of the shorter cloaked guards as he spoke . 
 `` you are nude and nearly weaponless : only something desperate would bring you here like this , with the princess in tow . '' 
 `` it is the beginning of their invasion , '' came a female voice from one of the tallest guards . 
 i knew that voice . 
 it was black agnes , sholto 's chief bodyguard , and chief among his lovers at this court . 
 she had tried to kill me once before for jealousy 's sake . 
 sholto turned enough to look at her . 
 the movement revealed that wide , pale bandages were all he was wearing on his upper body . 
 whatever they covered must have been a terrible wound . 
 `` enough , agnes , enough ! '' 
 sholto silenced her , rumbling echoes around the cavern . 
 the black-robed figure of agnes that loomed over him glanced at me . 
 i had a moment to see the gleam of her eyes in the dark ugliness of her face . 
 the night-hags were ugly ; it was part of what they were . 
 one of the shorter , robed guards leaned into sholto , as if whispering , but the echoes that hissed along the cave walls were not human speech . 
 the high-pitched tittering of a nightflyer was coming from the human-size figure - though it could n't be a nightflyer , for it walked upright . 
 sholto turned back to us . 
 `` are you saying that your queen sent you here ? '' 
 `` no , '' doyle said . 
 `` princess meredith , '' sholto called , `` we are within our rights to slay your guards and keep you here until your aunt ransoms you back . 
 darkness knows this , as does the killing frost . 
 on the other hand , mistral might have let his temper lead him astray , and abeloec can turn up anywhere when he 's lost in drink , ca n't he , segna ? '' 
 the figure in the pale yellow cloak spoke in a rough voice . 
 `` aye , he were unhappy when he sobered up , were n't you , cup bearer ? '' 
 i 'd heard abe called that before as a term of derision , but i 'd never understood until tonight . 
 it was a reminder of what he had once been ; a way of rubbing his face in what he had lost . 
 `` you taught me to be more cautious about where i passed out , ladies , '' abe said , and his voice was his usual casual , amused , bitter tone . 
 the two hags laughed . 
 the other guards joined in a chorus of hissing laughter , which let me know that whatever the two shorter guards were , they were the same kind of creature . 
 sholto spoke . 
 `` do n't worry , darkness , the hags did n't help abe break his vow of celibacy , for that is a death sentence to all . 
 the tearing of white sidhe flesh amuses them almost as much as sex . '' 
 the high twittering voice came faintly again . 
 sholto nodded at what it had said . 
 `` ivar makes a good point . 
 you are all wet and muddy , and that did not happen here in our garden . '' 
 he motioned with his good hand at the caked , drying earth and the water trapped feet below us , clearly inaccessible . 
 `` i would ask permission to bring the princess off this ledge , '' doyle said . 
 `` no , '' sholto said , `` she is safe enough there . 
 answer the question , darkness ... or princess ... or whoever . 
 how did you get wet and muddy ? 
 i know that it is snowing aboveground ; do not use that to lie . '' 
 `` the sidhe never lie , '' mistral said . 
 sholto and his guards all laughed . 
 the high tittering mixed with the rumbling bass/alto of the hags and sholto 's open , joyous laughter . 
 `` the sidhe never lie : spare us that , the biggest lie of all , '' said sholto . 
 `` we are not allowed to lie , '' doyle said . 
 `` no , but the sidhe version of the truth is so full of holes that it is worse than a lie . 
 we , the sluagh , would prefer a good honest lie to the half-truths that the court we are supposed to belong to feeds us . 
 we starve on a diet of near lies . 
 so tell us true , if you can , how came you wet and muddy , and here ? '' 
 `` it rained in the dead gardens , in our sithen , '' doyle said . 
 `` more lies , '' agnes said . 
 i had an idea . 
 `` i swear by my honor - '' i began . 
 one of the hags laughed at that , but i kept going . '' 
 - and the darkness that devours all things that it was raining in the unseelie gardens when we left them . '' 
 i 'd given not just an oath that no sidhe would willingly break - because of the curse that went with the breaking - but the oath that i 'd demanded of sholto weeks ago when he found me in california . 
 he 'd sworn the oath that he meant me no harm , and i 'd believed him . 
 the severity of the oath silenced even the night-hags . 
 `` be careful what you say , princess , '' sholto said . 
 `` some magicks still live . '' 
 `` i know what i swore , and i know what it means , king sholto , lord of that which passes between . 
 i am wet with the first rain to fall upon the dead gardens in centuries . 
 my skin is decorated with soil reborn , dry no more . '' 
 `` how is this possible ? '' 
 sholto demanded . 
 `` it is not possible , '' agnes said . 
 she pointed one dark , muscled arm at the door . 
 `` this is seelie magic , not unseelie . 
 they conspire together to destroy us . 
 i told you , the golden court would never have dared if they did not have the full support of the queen of air and darkness . '' 
 she pointed a little dramatically at the shiny door . 
 `` this proves it . '' 
 `` meredith , '' doyle said softly , `` make the door go away . '' 
 `` whispering will not make you my friend , darkness , '' sholto said . 
 `` i told the princess to make the door go away , so that you would understand this is not seelie business . '' 
 agnes turned so suddenly that her hood fell back to reveal the dry black straw of her hair , the ruin of her complexion , covered in bumps and sores . 
 the hags hid their ugliness , which was an exception among the sluagh . 
 most of them saw every oddity as a mark of beauty , or power . 
 the hags hid themselves , though - as did the two shorter guards . 
 agnes pointed the long hand with its black-taloned claws at me . 
 `` she did not conjure this door . 
 she is mortal , and mortal hand never made this doorway . '' 
 `` princess , if you would , '' doyle said low but clear , so that he could n't be accused of whispering . 
 i spoke loudly , so they 'd hear me , and the cave caught the echo of my voice , so that it seemed to bounce along the walls . 
 `` i need the door to go away now , please . '' 
 there was a moment 's hesitation , as if the door wanted to give me a second to reconsider ; then , when i did n't , the door vanished . 
 sholto 's guards shifted , and agnes startled as if something had goosed her . 
 `` mortal flesh can not control the sithen . 
 any sithen . '' 
 `` i would have agreed with you , until a few hours ago , '' i said . 
 `` how did you come here ? '' 
 sholto asked . 
 `` i asked for a door to the dead gardens . 
 it never occurred to me that any door i could conjure would bring me to your home , sholto . '' 
 `` king sholto , '' agnes corrected me . 
 `` king sholto , '' i said dutifully . 
 `` why would that request bring you to our garden , princess meredith ? '' 
 sholto asked . 
 `` doyle told me to get us back to the dead gardens . 
 i did just that : i called a door to the dead gardens . 
 but i did not specify which garden , and you know the rest . '' 
 sholto stared at me . 
 the triple gold of his irises - molten metal , autumn leaves , and pale sunshine - made his face beautiful , but it did not make the look one bit less intense . 
 he stared at me as if he would weigh me with a look . 
 `` this can not be true , '' agnes said . 
 `` if it was a lie , they 'd have a better one than this , '' sholto said . 
 `` do you still believe everything that a piece of white sidhe flesh tells you , king sholto ? 
 have you learned nothing from what they did to you ? '' 
 agnes asked . 
 i was n't sure what she meant , but i guessed it had to do with the bandages he wore . 
 `` silence , '' sholto said , but there was something in his face , the way he turned , that spoke of embarrassment . 
 the last time i 'd seen sholto , he had hidden behind a mask of arrogance , much as frost did . 
 whatever mask he had built to hide behind in court seemed to have shredded , so that he now had nothing for his emotions to hide behind . 
 `` may we approach you , king sholto ? '' 
 i asked , and my voice was clear , but softer . 
 the tall , elegant , arrogant man whom i 'd met in los angeles was n't the same man who stood before me now , shoulders slightly hunched . 
 `` no , you may not , '' agnes said , in her strangely rich voice . 
 most night-hags spoke in a cackling voice , as if they 'd swallowed gravel . 
 sholto turned on her , and the movement cost him , for he nearly stumbled . 
 it seemed to feed his anger . 
 `` i am king here , agnes , not you . 
 me ! '' 
 he thumped himself in the upper chest . 
 `` me , agnes , not you , me ! 
 i am still king here ! '' 
 he turned to us . 
 the front of his bandages showed fresh blood , as if he 'd torn stitches . 
 sholto was half highborn sidhe and half of the sluagh , and the sluagh were even harder to injure than the sidhe . 
 what could have hurt him this badly ? 
 `` bring her onto solid land , darkness , '' sholto said . 
 doyle led me forward , carefully . 
 rhys 's hand never left my other arm . 
 they eased me out onto the broader shoreline . 
 the others followed , mincing their way onto secure ground . 
 doyle took my hand and led me forward , very formally , toward the waiting sluagh . 
 we had to come forward slowly , because of the bones . 
 we 'd seen what they 'd done to abe , and we were both barefoot . 
 we 'd had enough injuries for the night . 
 `` how i hate you , princess , '' agnes said . 
 sholto spoke without turning around to look at her . 
 `` i am very close to losing my patience with you , agnes . 
 you do n't want that . '' 
 `` they move like shadow and light , so graceful through the bone field that is our garden , '' agnes said , `` and you watch her as if she were food and drink , and you were starving . '' 
 the comment made me look up , away from the dangerous bones . 
 `` do not do this , agnes , '' he said , but his face was naked to his need . 
 she was right about that look on his face . 
 it was more than just lust , though it was n't love , either . 
 there was pain in his gaze , like a man watching something that he knew he could not have , and he wanted that thing more than anything else in the world . 
 what had laid sholto bare to the eyes of the world ? 
 what had stripped him to this ? 
 doyle stopped in a space of ground mostly clear of bones , just out of reach of the sluagh - or as far out of reach as we would get here . 
 the other men had followed a few steps behind us , as if doyle had given them some signal that i had n't seen , so they would n't crowd sholto and his guards . 
 we were in the wrong . 
 we had invaded their land , not the other way around , so we needed to be the more polite . 
 i understood that , but looking into sholto 's face i felt like we had walked into the middle of something that had nothing to do with us . 
 i began to kneel and pulled doyle down with me . 
 i bowed my head , not just to show respect , but because i could n't bear the look on sholto 's face anymore . 
 i did n't deserve such a look . 
 i was wet , splattered with mud . 
 i must have looked like something the cat dragged in out of the storm , yet he stared at me with a desire that was painful to see . 
 i 'd already agreed to have sex with him , as he was part of the royal guard for the queen , as well as a king in his own right . 
 he would have me , so why did he look at me the way tantalus must have looked in hades ? 
 `` you are princess of the unseelie court , in line to be queen . 
 why do you bow to me ? '' 
 sholto 's voice tried to be neutral , and almost achieved it . 
 i spoke , still gazing at the ground , my hand still resting in doyle 's . 
 `` we came to your lands accidentally , but uninvited . 
 it is we who have trespassed . 
 we who owe you an apology . 
 you are king of the sluagh , and though you are a part of the unseelie court , you are still a kingdom in your own right . 
 i am only a royal princess - perhaps heir to a throne that rules over your lands - but you , sholto , you are already a king . 
 a king of the dark host itself . 
 you and your people are the last great host , the last wild hunt . 
 they are a wondrous and fearsome thing , the people that call you king . 
 they , and you , deserve respect in your own lands from anyone less than another high ruler . '' 
 i heard someone shift behind me , as if one of the other guards would have protested some of what i said , but doyle 's hand was peaceful under mine . 
 he understood that we were still in danger ; besides , what i said was true . 
 there had been a time when the sidhe understood that you respected all the kingdoms in your care , not just the ones that were blood of your blood . 
 `` get up , get up , and do not mock me ! '' 
 sholto 's words were inexplicably rage-filled . 
 i looked up to find that handsome face consumed with anger , twisted with it . 
 `` i do not understand - '' i began , but he did n't give me time to finish the sentence . 
 he strode forward , grabbed my hand , and jerked me to my feet . 
 doyle came with me , tightening his grip on my other hand . 
 sholto 's fingers dug into my upper arm as he pulled me closer and raged inches from my face . 
 `` i did not believe agnes . 
 i did not believe that andais would allow such outrage , but now i do . 
 now i believe it ! '' 
 he shook me hard enough to make me stumble . 
 only doyle 's hand kept me from falling . 
 i fought to keep my voice even as i said , `` i do n't know what you are talking about . '' 
 `` do n't you , do n't you ! '' 
 he let go of me abruptly , sending me stumbling back against doyle . 
 sholto dug his uninjured hand into the bandages at his chest and stomach , tearing at them . 
 doyle turned his body so that i was on the other side of him , and his body would be between me and whatever was about to happen . 
 i did n't argue with him . 
 sholto was moody , but i 'd never seen him like this . 
 `` did you come so you could see what they did ? 
 did you want to see it ? '' 
 he screamed the last , filling the cave with echoes , as if the walls themselves screamed back . 
 `` the look on your face , meredith - you did n't know . 
 you really did n't know . '' 
 his voice sounded calmer , half relieved , half reinjured , as if he had n't expected it . 
 i forced myself to look away from the wound , and at his face . 
 the eyes were too wide , his mouth open , as if he were panting . 
 he looked like he was in shock . 
 i found my voice , but it was a hoarse whisper . 
 `` i did not know . '' 
 i licked my lips and tried to get hold of myself . 
 i was princess meredith nicessus , wielder of two hands of power , trying to be queen ; i had to do better than this . 
 i was huddled against doyle , but pulled myself away . 
 if sholto could survive such a wound , then the least i could do was not cower in the face of it . 
 the high-pitched voice came from one of the shorter guards again , and sholto spoke as if in response . 
 `` ivar is right . 
 the looks on all your faces make it clear - none of you knew . 
 on the one hand , i feel less betrayed ; on the other , what it tells me about the politics at work here says it 's more dangerous for our court - for both our courts . '' 
 i stepped toward him , slowly , the way you 'd approach a wounded animal . 
 slowly , so you do n't scare him more . 
 `` who did this ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` the golden court did this . '' 
 `` you mean the seelie ? '' 
 he gave a small nod . 
 doyle said , `` only taranis himself might be able to wrest you away from your sluagh . 
 no other noble at his court is powerful enough to take you like that . '' 
 sholto looked at doyle , a long , considering look . 
 `` that is high praise from the queen 's darkness . '' 
 `` it is truth . 
 the princess said it best : the sluagh are the last of the wild hunts . 
 the last left in all of faerie . 
 you and your people alone still have the wild magic running through your veins . 
 it is not a small power , king sholto . '' 
 `` we should have heard the battle even inside our own sithen , '' frost said , and there was a question in his voice . 
 sholto 's eyes flicked to him , then away again , as if he suddenly found that he did n't want to meet anyone 's eyes . 
 segna the gold 's voice whined from out of her dirty yellow hood . 
 `` what can not be taken with force of arms , can easily be won with soft flesh . '' 
 sholto did n't tell her to be quiet . 
 he actually hung his head , so that a sweep of his own pale hair shadowed his face . 
 i did n't understand what segna meant , but it had clearly hit home for him . 
 `` i would not ask this of you , '' doyle said , `` but if taranis 's people have harmed you , then it is a direct challenge to our queen 's authority . 
 either he believes we will not retaliate , or he believes we are not strong enough to retaliate . '' 
 sholto looked up then . 
 `` now do you understand why i thought queen andais had to know ? '' 
 doyle nodded . 
 `` because if she had not given her permission , then this attack makes even less sense . '' 
 `` wars have begun over less , '' mistral said . 
 the comment earned him a glance from sholto . 
 `` the last time i saw you , you sat in the consort 's chair , at the feet of princess meredith . '' 
 mistral bowed . 
 `` i was so honored . '' 
 `` i have sat in the chair , and it was an empty honor . 
 have you found it so ? '' 
 mistral hesitated , then said , `` i have found it everything i would hope it to be , and more . '' 
 i fought not to glance back at him . 
 his voice was so careful , i knew he saw something in the king before us that i had n't seen until now . 
 he was desperate to know the touch of another sidhe ; he wanted to have another 's glow of high magic to match his own . 
 it had n't occurred to me that sholto had been here in his own kingdom pining for me to keep my promise and offer him my body . 
 assassination attempts , murders , and more political machinations than i could keep track of had kept me from fulfilling it . 
 but i had n't meant to ignore sholto . 
 `` i did not mean it to be an empty honor , king sholto , '' i said . 
 `` i mean to keep my promise to you . '' 
 `` now - you will bed him now . '' 
 segna 's voice again , like a grating whine . 
 `` it 's what the seelie bitch said , too , that once he healed up , she 'd bed him . '' 
 i stared up at him . 
 `` you allowed someone to do this to you ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` never . '' 
 agnes 's voice , more cultured , more human than her sister hag 's . 
 `` sholto , you have dreamt of being sidhe , completely sidhe , since you were small . 
 do not lie to someone who helped raise you . '' 
 `` i also wanted the wings of a nightflyer to come out of my back when i was small - do you remember that ? '' 
 she nodded , that head seeming too large for the narrow shoulders . 
 `` you cried when you realized you would never have wings . '' 
 `` we want many things when we are children . 
 i admit that there were times when i wished they were gone . '' 
 he made a motion as if he would touch what was no longer there , the way an amputee will try to scratch a ghost limb . 
 his hand fell away before it made contact with the raw ruin of his stomach . 
 `` how did they trap you , and why did they do this ? '' 
 doyle asked . 
 `` i am a king in my own right , not just a noble of the queen 's guard . 
 if the seelie did not see me as an unclean thing , i could have bedded one of their sidhe women long ago . 
 but i am considered a worse crime than a mere unseelie sidhe . 
 queen andais calls me her perverse creature , and the seelie truly believe that . 
 i am a creature , a thing , an abomination to them . '' 
 `` sholto , '' i whispered . 
 `` do n't , princess - i have seen you flinch away from me , too . '' 
 i moved toward him . 
 `` at first , yes . 
 but since then i have seen you shining in your power , with a play of colors in those extras so that they shone like jewels in the sun . 
 i have felt your body thrumming with magic and power , your nakedness inside my body . '' 
 i touched his arm . 
 he did n't pull away . 
 `` you did not fuck him , '' segna said . 
 `` no , but i 've held him in my mouth , and if you had n't interrupted that night , we might have done more . '' 
 i had not enjoyed sholto 's extra bits , but once he had started to glow with power , his magic responding to my touch , i had seen him clearly for a shining moment . 
 seen him as handsome and seen that nest of tentacles not as a deformity but just as another part of him . 
 i doubted i could have slept in the same bed with him , but sex ... sex had seemed like a good idea in that moment . 
 i tried to let him see that in my face now , but perhaps it showed , because he drew away and began to tell the story of the deception . 
 `` i should have known it was a lie , '' he said . 
 `` lady clarisse offered to meet with me . 
 she sent a note saying that she had glimpsed me without my shirt , and had not been able to stop fantasizing about it . 
 i leapt at the chance , not stopping to question . 
 i wanted so much to be with another sidhe , even if it was for only a night . '' 
 i did n't feel guilty very often - few in faerie do - but in that moment i knew that if i had taken him to my bed , he would n't have been vulnerable to the seelie 's trick . 
 or maybe he would have been more vulnerable - we 'd never know . 
 i tried to hug him without hurting the front of his body . 
 segna reached around and shoved me away . 
 `` do not touch her again , '' sholto snapped at segna , and his voice was full of a choking anger . 
 `` now she 'll cuddle you , '' segna whined , `` now she 'll touch you , because the icky bits are gone . 
 now she wants you , just like the other sidhe bitch . '' 
 `` she would have touched me that night in los angeles if you had left us alone , '' he said . 
 agnes reached to the other hag and drew her back . 
 `` he is right , segna . 
 we bear blame in this atrocity , too . '' 
 a tear trailed down out of the sickly yellow of agnes 's eye . 
 she turned away so i would n't see . 
 most of faerie cried when we cried , and displayed any emotion out in the open . 
 it was only when we got close to a throne that we learned to hide what we felt . 
 we were meant to be a freer people than this . 
 `` lady clarisse , '' sholto continued , `` took me inside the seelie sithen . 
 she led me cloaked through back ways to her room . 
 then she told me that although the tentacles fascinated her , she also feared them . 
 she said she could not bear to have the tentacles touch her while we made love . 
 here i was truly a fool - i let her tie me up , so i would not accidentally brush her with the parts she feared , and said she craved . '' 
 he would n't meet anyone 's eyes again . 
 i watched his face redden even through the strands of his white hair . 
 he burned with embarrassment . 
 `` when i was helpless , other sidhe slipped into the room . 
 they did to me what you see . '' 
 `` was their king with them ? '' 
 doyle asked . 
 sholto shook his head . 
 `` he is not a king who does his own dirty work . 
 you know that , darkness . '' 
 `` did the king know ? '' 
 doyle said . 
 `` they would not have done this without his knowledge , '' i said . 
 `` they fear him too much . '' 
 `` but by not being present , he has left himself room to deny it , '' sholto said . 
 `` if i could see what he hoped to gain from this , i would believe it of him . 
 but what does this accomplish ? '' 
 `` some of your people believed that queen andais did this to you , allowed it to be done . 
 perhaps this atrocity was committed with that as the intent . 
 you are her strongest ally , king sholto . 
 if you had left her side , what then ? '' 
 doyle asked . 
 `` the only reason for the king to want our queen shorn of her allies is that he means to make war . 
 and if any of faerie make war on another , our treaty with america is breached . 
 we will all be cast out of the last country that would take us in . 
 if taranis caused that , the rest of faerie would rise up against him , and he would be destroyed . '' 
 we knew that taranis had done something almost as bad earlier in the year . 
 he had released the nameless , a formless being . 
 it had been made of the discarded power that all the fey had been forced to shed in order to be allowed to remain in america - one of the restrictions placed on us when president jefferson allowed us to immigrate . 
 the faerie had done two weirding spells in europe , trying to control ourselves enough to live peaceably with the humans , but we had done one more here . 
 i do n't think any of the sidhe understood what we were giving up . 
 i was born long after the spell , so that i knew our glorious past as stories , legends , rumors . 
 taranis had released that trapped magic , tried to use it to kill maeve reed . 
 reed was the golden goddess of hollywood - and once upon a time , the goddess of cinema . 
 she had known his secret , that he was infertile , that the problem of his childlessness was n't in the long string of wives that he kept replacing . 
 it was him , and he had suspected it for a hundred years , when he cast maeve reed out of faerie for refusing his bed . 
 she had done so on the grounds that the last wife he 'd put aside had gotten pregnant by someone else . 
 she 'd told the king to his face that she thought he was infertile , and these many years later , he 'd tried to take his revenge . 
 one of the things that prompted queen andais to call me back from exile had been her discovery from human doctors that she was infertile . 
 the ruler of a faerie land is the land , and if they are not fertile - not healthy - the land and people die . 
 it is a very old magic , and a true one . 
 if taranis had known about his infertility for a hundred years without revealing it , then he had condemned his people to death , knowingly . 
 they killed rulers for such crimes in faerie . 
 `` you are all entirely too quiet , '' sholto said to us . 
 `` you know something . 
 something that i need to know . '' 
 `` we are not free to discuss it , not openly , '' doyle said . 
 `` you will not be allowed to be alone with him , '' agnes said . 
 `` we are not such fools as that . '' 
 `` i can not argue with agnes on this , '' sholto said . 
 again he made that gesture as if he would stroke the missing bits . 
 `` i have put myself at the mercy of the sidhe once too often of late . '' 
 `` we can not tell this tale without our queen 's permission , '' doyle said . 
 `` it would earn us , at the very least , a trip to the hallway of mortality . '' 
 `` i would not ask that of anyone , '' sholto said . 
 he lowered his head , and a sound escaped him . 
 it was almost a sob . 
 i wanted to hug him , but i did n't want to anger his hags any further . 
 besides , they were partially right - i could touch him now without flinching . 
 still , i saw it for what it was , something cruelly done - an amputation . 
 i had felt those muscular tentacles on my body - just a touch , but they had been real - and they 'd had uses , which he now had lost . 
 sholto spoke low . 
 `` the seelie said they were doing me a favor . 
 that if i healed without the deformity coming back , the lady in question would keep her word and bed me for a night . '' 
 in sympathy , i started to touch him where the bits had been , then stopped because the wound was bleeding and raw , and touching it must hurt . 
 `` but the tentacles are part of you . 
 it is like cutting off an arm , or worse . '' 
 `` do you know how often i have dreamt of looking like them ? '' 
 he motioned at the men at my back . 
 `` agnes is right . 
 i have dreamt of looking fully sidhe for so long , and now it is as you say , i have lost pieces of myself . 
 i have lost arms , and more . '' 
 `` the queen does not know this , '' doyle said . 
 `` are you certain of that , darkness ? 
 beyond doubt ? '' 
 doyle started to simply say yes , then stopped himself . 
 `` no , i am not certain , but she has not told us otherwise ; nor have rumors to the contrary touched our court . '' 
 `` wars have begun over less than this , darkness . 
 wars between the courts of faerie . '' 
 doyle nodded . 
 `` i know . '' 
 `` agnes says that andais had to have given taranis her approval - even if just tacitly - or taranis would not have risked it . 
 do you think my hag is right ? 
 do you think the queen allowed this to happen ? '' 
 `` the sluagh are too important to the queen , king sholto . 
 i can not imagine a set of circumstances in which andais would risk such hurt to the sluagh 's vows to her court . 
 i think it more likely that this was done , at least partially , in a bid to strip our queen of your might . 
 why did n't you tell the queen , the court ? '' 
 `` i thought she must know . 
 that she must have given permission . 
 i agreed with the hags - i did not think even taranis would dare to do this without andais 's knowledge . '' 
 `` i can not argue your reasoning , but i do not believe she knows , '' doyle said . 
 `` why did n't you tell me , sholto ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` you once said to me that only the two of us understand what it is like to be almost sidhe . 
 almost tall enough , slender enough , almost - but not quite pure enough to be accepted . '' 
 he almost smiled , almost . 
 `` we may have had that in common , but as i told you in los angeles , no man had ever complained about your body ; only envious women . '' 
 i smiled at him . 
 `` about my breasts , you were right . '' 
 that earned me a smile in return , which , given that awful wound , made me breathe more easily . 
 `` but i am too short , too human looking for most of the sidhe , male or female , to let me forget it . '' 
 `` i told you then : they were fools , '' sholto said . 
 he took my hand in his and raised it up for a kiss , but when he tried to bend over me , the pain stopped him in midmotion . 
 i pressed his hand to my cheek . 
 `` sholto , oh , sholto . '' 
 `` i had hoped to hear tenderness in your voice , but not for this reason . 
 do n't pity me , meredith , i could not bear it . '' 
 i did n't know how to respond . 
 i just held his hand against my face , and tried to think of anything i could say that would n't make him feel worse . 
 how could i not feel pity ? 
 `` when did this happen , king sholto ? '' 
 doyle asked . 
 sholto looked past me to the other man . 
 `` two days ago , just before your second press conference . '' 
 `` the one during which two murders were committed , '' rhys said . 
 sholto looked at him . 
 `` you caught your murderer , though the human police do n't know it yet . 
 i hear you 're trying to let him heal from the torture before showing him to the human police . '' 
 `` our queen made a mess of him , '' rhys said . 
 `` he is guilty ? '' 
 sholto made it a question . 
 `` we believe so , '' doyle said . 
 `` but you are not certain ? '' 
 `` what was done to your stomach , queen andais did to every inch of lord gwennin . '' 
 sholto winced , and nodded . 
 `` one would do much to stop such pain . '' 
 `` even confess to something you did not do , '' doyle said . 
 i looked at doyle then . 
 `` do you think gwennin is innocent ? '' 
 `` no . 
 nor do i believe he acted completely alone . 
 andais was using his own intestines as a leash on him , meredith . 
 he would have been a fool not to confess . '' 
 sholto pressed my hand to his face . 
 segna tried to interfere but agnes stopped her , and the other two guards moved between sholto and the hags . 
 i caught a glimpse of one of the guard 's faces . 
 oblong eyes full of nothing but color , thin lipless mouth , and a face that was a strange mix of humanoid and nightflyer . 
 they were like sholto , but no one would have ever have mistaken them for sidhe . 
 the eyes , though - the eyes were goblin eyes . 
 the guard stared at me with his face that looked only half formed , the nostrils mere slits . 
 i did not look away . 
 i stared , memorized his face , for i had never seen another quite like it . 
 `` you do not find me ugly . '' 
 the guard 's voice held that edge of twittering - almost bird-like , but deeper . 
 `` no , '' i said . 
 `` do you know what i am ? '' 
 `` the eyes are goblin blood , but the face is nightflyer . 
 i 'm not sure about the rest , '' i said . 
 `` i am half-goblin and half-nightflyer . '' 
 `` ivar and fyfe are my uncles on my father 's side , '' sholto said . 
 the second guard spoke for the first time . 
 his voice was deeper , more `` human . '' 
 he gave me the full gaze of his face . 
 his eyes were the same oblongs of color , a deep rich blue , but he had more nose , more lower jaw . 
 if he 'd been taller , he might have passed for a goblin . 
 but the skin was n't quite the right texture . 
 `` i am fyfe , brother to ivar . '' 
 he gave the hags an unfriendly look . 
 `` our king felt the need of some male guards , who were not conflicted about what to do with his body . 
 we guard it , and that is all . '' 
 `` this insult was not for lack of our ability to guard , '' agnes said . 
 `` you , too , will be helpless when he chases his next bit of sidhe flesh . 
 he wo n't want an audience , and he will go with her alone . '' 
 `` enough , agnes . 
 enough , all of you . '' 
 sholto pressed my hand tighter against his face . 
 `` why did n't i tell you , princess ? 
 how could i admit that seelie did this to me ? 
 that i was not warrior enough to save myself ? 
 that i fell into their trap , because they offered me what you had promised ? 
 agnes is right in one thing : i am near blinded by my desire to be with another sidhe , so blinded that i let a seelie woman bind me . 
 so blinded i believed her lie that she was fascinated with my bits , but afraid of them , too . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` i am king of the sluagh , and even bound i should have had enough magic to save myself from this . '' 
 he let go of me , stepped back . 
 `` the seelie have magic that we do not , '' frost said . 
 `` the sluagh have magic that the seelie have never possessed , '' i said . 
 i touched sholto 's arm . 
 he flinched , but did n't pull away . 
 i squeezed his arm , and wanted so badly to hold him , to try to chase this pain away . 
 i rested my head against his bare arm . 
 my throat closed up , and i was suddenly choking on tears . 
 i began to weep , clutching at his arm . 
 i could n't stop . 
 he pulled me away from him enough to see my face . 
 `` you waste tears on me - why ? '' 
 i had to struggle to speak . 
 `` you are beautiful , sholto , you are - do n't let them make you think otherwise . '' 
 `` beautiful now that he 's butchered , '' segna said , looming over us , pushing her way past the uncles . 
 i shook my head . 
 `` you broke in on us in los angeles . 
 you saw what i was doing with him . 
 why would i have been doing those things if he was less than beautiful to me ? '' 
 `` all i remember from that night , white flesh , is that you killed my sister . '' 
 i had , but by accident . 
 that night , in fear for my life , i had lashed out with magic i had n't known i had . 
 it had been the first night that my hand of flesh had manifested . 
 it was a terrible power - the ability to turn living beings inside out , but they did not die . 
 they lived on , impossibly on , with their mouths lost inside a ball of flesh , and still they screamed . 
 i 'd had to cut her to bits with a magical weapon to finally end her agony . 
 i do n't know what shadows showed on my face , but sholto reached for me . 
 reached for me , to hold me , to give comfort , and it was too much for segna . 
 she shoved the other two guards away as if they were straw before a storm wind . 
 she struck at me , shrieking her rage . 
 suddenly there was movement behind me , and in front of me . 
 all the guards moved at once , but sholto was closest . 
 he used his own body to shield me , so segna 's razor claws sliced his own white skin . 
 he took the brunt of the blow meant for me , and even what was left of that strike staggered me backward , numbing my arm from shoulder to elbow . 
 it did n't hurt , because i could n't feel it . 
 she lay just above the low water , impaled on a series of spiked bones jutting out of her from throat to stomach . 
 she hung there , caught , bleeding , like a fish caught on some terrible hook . 
 i think sholto 's guards expected her to simply draw herself off the spined ridge of the boned creature . 
 agnes , especially , seemed to be waiting , patient , unworried . 
 `` come on , segna , get up . '' 
 her voice was impatient . 
 segna lay there and bled , her legs flailing , exposing her most intimate parts as she struggled . 
 the hags wore a leather belt from which hung a sword and a pouch , but that , and their cloaks , were all . 
 her body was both larger than a human 's and more wizened , as if she were a shrunken giant . 
 i saw the wide eyes , the fright on her face . 
 she was n't going to just get up . 
 sometimes , being mortal , i recognized real damage faster , because on a visceral level , i knew it was a possibility . 
 creatures who are immortal , or nearly so , do n't understand the disasters that could befall them . 
 `` ivar , fyfe , go to her . '' 
 `` with due respect , king sholto , '' fyfe said , `` i would stay here , and send agnes down . '' 
 sholto started to argue , but ivar joined the argument . 
 `` we do not dare leave agnes up here with you alone . 
 the princess will have guards , but you will be unprotected . '' 
 `` agnes would not hurt me , '' sholto said , but he was staring at segna as if he were finally realizing just how bad it might be . 
 `` we are your guards , and your uncles . 
 we would be poor at both duties if we left you alone with agnes now , '' ivar said in his bird-like voice . 
 people always expected the nightflyers to have hissing , ugly voices , but ivar sounded like a songbird - or how a songbird might sound if it could speak as humans do . 
 most of the nightflyers sounded like that . 
 `` segna is a night-hag , '' agnes said . 
 `` a mere bone will not bring her down . '' 
 `` i tripped on such a bone coming into your garden , '' abe said , and raised his cloth-wrapped arm at her . 
 blood had soaked through much of the cloth . 
 `` the bones hold old magic , '' doyle said . 
 `` some of them are things that hunted the sidhe and the other sluagh before they were tamed by your early kings . '' 
 `` do not lecture me about my own people , '' agnes said . 
 `` i remember a time when black agnes was not a part of the sluagh , '' rhys said , softly . 
 she glared at him . 
 `` and i remember a time when you had other names , white knight . '' 
 she spat in his direction . 
 `` we have both fallen far from what we once were . '' 
 `` go with ivar , agnes . 
 go see to your sister , '' sholto said . 
 she glared at him . 
 `` do you not trust me ? '' 
 `` i once trusted the three of you more than any other , but you bloodied me before the seelie got hold of me . 
 you cut me up first . '' 
 `` because you sought to betray us with some white-fleshed slut . '' 
 `` i am king here , or i am not , agnes . 
 you either obey me , or you do not . 
 you will go down with ivar to help segna , or i will see it as a direct challenge to my authority . '' 
 `` you are gravely wounded , sholto , '' said the hag . 
 `` you can not win against me in this weakened state . '' 
 `` it is not about winning , agnes . 
 it is about being king . 
 either i am your king , or i am not . 
 if i am your king , then you will do as i say . '' 
 `` do not do this , sholto , '' she whispered . 
 `` you raised me to be king , agnes . 
 you told me that if the sluagh do not respect my threat , then i will not be king for long . '' 
 `` i did not mean - '' `` go with ivar , now , or it ends between us . '' 
 she reached out to him , as if to touch his hair . 
 he jerked back and yelled , `` now , agnes , go now , or it will end badly between us . '' 
 fyfe threw back his cloak , revealing his weapons , and each of his hands touched a sword hilt , ready for a cross-draw . 
 agnes gave sholto one last look that was more despair than anger . 
 then she followed ivar down the steep slope of the lake , using her claws to dig into the soil , so she would n't slide into the bones that spiked the earth . 
 ivar was already wading through the still water . 
 it came above his waist , which meant the water was deeper than it had looked . 
 he had to strain to lay a hand over segna 's heart between the hanging weight of her breasts . 
 he turned that lipless , unfinished face to look at sholto , and the look did not communicate good news . 
 agnes was taller than ivar , and had an easier time in the water - it came only to her thighs . 
 she waded to the other hag , and when she reached her let out a wail of despair . 
 sholto collapsed to his knees on the side of the lake . 
 `` segna , '' he said , and there was real grief in his voice . 
 i knelt beside him , touched his arm . 
 he jerked away . 
 `` every time i am with you , someone i care about dies , meredith . '' 
 ivar called up , `` i am not certain she is dying . 
 gravely injured . 
 she may yet live . '' 
 agnes was petting her sister 's face . 
 but i could see the gaping mouth , the labored breathing . 
 blood bubbled from the chest wound when she breathed , poured down her mouth . 
 it would have been death to most . 
 `` can she survive it ? '' 
 i asked , softly . 
 `` i do not know , '' sholto said . 
 `` once it would not have been a killing blow , but we have lost much of what we were . '' 
 `` abeloec 's wound from the bones is still bleeding , '' doyle said . 
 sholto 's head drooped , hiding his face in a curtain of that white hair . 
 i was close enough to hear him crying , though so softly that i doubted anyone else would hear it . 
 i pretended not to notice , as was only respectful for a king . 
 segna reached out to him . 
 she spoke in a voice thick and bubbling with her own blood , `` my lord , mercy . '' 
 he raised his face , but kept his hair like a shield on either side , so only i , kneeling beside him , could see the tracks of tears on his face . 
 his voice came clear and unemotional ; you would never have known the pain in his eyes from that voice . 
 `` do you ask for healing , or for death , segna ? '' 
 `` healing , '' she managed to say . 
 he shook his head . 
 `` get her off the bones . '' 
 he looked at fyfe . 
 `` go help them . '' 
 fyfe hesitated for a moment then slid , carefully , down the slope to join his brother in the still , thick water . 
 the three of them managed to slide segna free of most of the bones . 
 one of them seemed caught on segna 's own ribs , and agnes snapped that spine so that they could lower her into their arms . 
 she was writhing in pain , and coughing blood . 
 agnes raised a tearstained face . 
 `` we are not the people we once were , king sholto . 
 she dies . '' 
 segna reached a shaking hand out to him . 
 `` mercy . '' 
 `` we can not save you , segna . 
 i am sorry , '' said sholto , for it now seemed clear that this was the case . 
 `` mercy , '' she said again . 
 agnes said , `` there is more than one kind of mercy , sholto . 
 would you leave her to a slow death ? '' 
 her voice managed to be both tear-choked and hot with hatred . 
 such words should burn coming out . 
 sholto shook his head . 
 ivar 's high-pitched voice came . 
 `` it is your kill , sholto . '' 
 `` their kill - the king 's and the princess 's , '' agnes said , giving me a look of such venom that i fought not to flinch . 
 if a look could still kill among us , i would have died from that look in her eyes . 
 she spat into the water . 
 `` she did not strike the blow , i did , '' sholto said as he came to his feet . 
 he actually stumbled , and i caught him , helped him stand . 
 he did n't jerk away , which let me know he was badly hurt . 
 i could see the bleeding wound that segna had made , but i did n't think it was that wound that made me him stumble . 
 nor was it the amputation that weakened him now . 
 there are wounds that never show on the body that are deeper and more hurtful than anything that bleeds . 
 `` my apologies , sholto , but the hag is right , '' ivar 's high voice said reluctantly , `` segna bled you both . 
 if the princess was not a warrior , then she would be free of this , but she is a sidhe of the unseelie court , and all who claim that are warriors . '' 
 `` the princess has killed more than once in challenge , '' fyfe said . 
 `` if she will not help finish segna , then she will never be acknowledged as queen of the sluagh , '' agnes said . 
 she stroked segna 's face , a surprisingly gentle gesture given her dagger-like talons . 
 i heard doyle sigh . 
 he moved close enough to whisper to me , `` if you do not help make this kill , agnes will spread the rumor that you are not a warrior . '' 
 `` and that would mean what ? '' 
 i whispered back . 
 `` it could mean that when you sit on the throne of the unseelie court , the sluagh will not come to your call , for they are a warrior people . 
 they will not be led by someone who is unbloodied in battle . '' 
 `` i 've been bloodied , '' i said . 
 the numbness was sliding away , and now the pain was sharp and tearing . 
 the wound was bleeding freely . 
 what i needed was to get medical attention , not to wade around in slimy water . 
 `` i 'll need a dose of antibiotics after this . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 doyle and sholto both asked . 
 `` i 'm mortal . 
 unlike the rest of you , i can get an infection , blood poisoning . 
 so after we crawl around in that water , i 'll need antibiotics . '' 
 `` you can truly catch all that ? '' 
 sholto asked . 
 `` i 've had the flu , and my father made sure i had all my childhood immunizations - he was n't sure how much i could withstand or heal . '' 
 sholto gazed at me , studying my face . 
 `` you are fragile . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` yes , i am , by the standards of faerie . '' 
 i looked up at doyle . 
 `` you know , there are times when i 'm not sure i want to be in charge here . '' 
 `` do you mean that ? '' 
 `` if there was a better alternative than my cousin , yes , i mean it . 
 i 'm tired , doyle , tired . 
 as much as i wanted to come back home to faerie , i 'm beginning to miss l.a. almost as much . 
 to put some distance between me and all this killing . '' 
 `` i told you once , meredith , that if i could bear to give the court to cel , i would leave with you . '' 
 `` darkness , '' mistral said , `` you can not mean that . '' 
 `` you have not been outside faerie except for small trips . 
 you have not seen that there are wonders outside our hills . '' 
 he touched my face . 
 `` there are some wonders that will not fade when we leave here . '' 
 he had told me that he would give up everything and follow me into exile . 
 frost and he , both . 
 when they first thought that the queen 's ring , a relic of power , had chosen mistral as my king doyle had broken down and said he could not bear it , to watch me with another . 
 he had pulled himself together and remembered his duty , as i 'd remembered mine . 
 would-be queens and kings did not run away and hide , and give their countries over to insane tyrants like my cousin cel . 
 he was crazier than his mother , andais . 
 i stared up into doyle 's face and i wanted him . 
 wanted to run away with him . 
 frost came up beside us . 
 i gazed at my two men . 
 i wanted to wrap them around me like a blanket . 
 i did not want to climb down into that stinking hole and wade through razor-sharp bones and dirty water to kill someone i had n't meant to even hurt . 
 `` i do n't want this kill . '' 
 `` it must be your choice , '' doyle said softly . 
 rhys joined us . 
 `` if we 're talking about running away to l.a. permanently , can i come , too ? '' 
 i smiled at him , touched his face . 
 `` yes , you come , too . '' 
 `` good , because once cel 's on the throne , the unseelie court wo n't be safe for anyone . '' 
 i closed my eyes , rested my forehead against doyle 's bare chest for a minute . 
 i pressed my cheek against him , held him tight , so i could listen to the slow , steady beat of his heart . 
 abeloec , who had been quiet , spoke next to my face : `` you have drunk deep of the cup , of both cups , meredith . 
 wherever you go , faerie will follow you . '' 
 i looked at him , trying to hear all the double meanings in what he 'd said . 
 `` i do n't want this kill . '' 
 `` you must choose , '' abeloec said . 
 i clung to doyle for a moment more , then tore myself away . 
 i forced myself to stand straight , shoulders back , though the shoulder segna had torn ached and stung . 
 if my body did n't heal itself , i 'd need stitches . 
 if we could ever get back to the unseelie court , there were healers who could fix me up . 
 but it was as if something , or someone , did n't want me getting back there . 
 i did n't think it was political enemies , either - i was beginning to feel the hand of deity pushing firmly in my back . 
 i 'd wanted the goddess and the god to move among us again - all of us had wanted that . 
 but i was beginning to realize that when the gods move , you either get out of the way or get swept along for the ride . 
 i was n't sure getting out of the way was an option for me . 
 i caught the faintest scent of apple blossoms , a small ... what ? 
 warning , reassurance ? 
 the fact that i was n't sure if it was a warning of danger or a spiritual embrace pretty much summed up my feelings about being the goddess 's instrument : be careful what you wish for . 
 i looked at sholto , with his wound seeping blood onto his bandages . 
 he and i had both wanted to belong , truly belong , to the sidhe . 
 to be honored and accepted among them . 
 look where it had gotten us . 
 i held my hand out to him , and he took it . 
 he took it , and squeezed it tight . 
 even in all this horror and death , i felt in that one touch how much it meant to him to touch me at all . 
 somehow , the fact that he still wanted me so much made it all the worse . 
 `` i tried to share life with you , meredith , but i am king of the sluagh , and death is all i have to offer . '' 
 i squeezed his hand . 
 `` we are both sidhe , sholto , and that is a thing of life . 
 we are unseelie sidhe , and that is a thing of death , but rhys reminded me what i 'd forgotten . '' 
 `` what had you forgotten ? '' 
 `` that the deities among us who brought death also once brought life . 
 we are not meant to be split apart like this . 
 we are not light and dark , evil and good ; we are both and neither . 
 we have all forgotten what we are . '' 
 `` what i am in this moment , '' said sholto , `` is a man who is about to slay a woman who was my lover , and my friend . 
 i can think of nothing beyond this moment - as if when she dies at my hand , i will die with her . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` you wo n't die , but you may wish you could , for a moment . '' 
 `` only for a moment ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` life is a selfish thing , '' i said . 
 `` if you pass through the sorrow , outrun the horror , you will begin to want to live again . 
 you will be glad you did n't die . '' 
 he swallowed hard enough for me to hear it . 
 `` i do n't want to pass through this . '' 
 `` i 'll help you . '' 
 he almost smiled , and it was like a ghost flitting across his face . 
 `` i think you 've helped enough . '' 
 with that he let go of my hand and eased himself over the edge , using his good hand to keep himself from sliding through the bones . 
 i did n't look back at anyone . 
 i just eased myself over the edge and followed . 
 looking back would n't make me feel better . 
 looking back would simply make me want to ask for help . 
 some things you have to do yourself . 
 sometimes what it means to lead is simply that you ca n't ask for help . 
 i found that the bones were n't sharp on every point - it was mostly the spines on the tops that were vicious . 
 i grasped softer , rounder-looking bones , using them as handholds . 
 it took all my concentration to get down to the water without losing my grip or cutting my hand . 
 the water was surprisingly warm , like bathwater . 
 the soil underneath it was soft , and mushy , silt rather than mud . 
 the footing was uncertain , and again i let myself sink into concentration on the task at hand . 
 i focused on finding footing , avoiding anything that felt like a bone . 
 i did not want to think about what i was about to do . 
 if i had n't been afraid of getting stabbed on the bones , i would have swum out to where sholto and agnes stood holding segna . 
 the other two guards , ivar and fyfe , were still in the water , still close , but not holding the fallen woman . 
 the water reached to my shoulders , stinging in the claw marks that segna had made on me , and plenty deep enough to swim in , if it had n't hidden those bones beneath its surface . 
 my blood trailed into the black water , lost . 
 sholto was cradling segna 's head and upper body as well as he could with only one good arm . 
 agnes was still beside him , helping hold her sister hag above the water . 
 i stumbled on the soft bottom and went under . 
 i came up sputtering . 
 agnes 's voice came clear to me as she said to sholto , `` how can you want that weak thing ? 
 how can that be what you want ? '' 
 i heard earth sliding , water moving . 
 i turned to find doyle and frost in the water , wading toward me . 
 agnes yelled , `` it is her kill or she will never be queen . '' 
 `` we do not come to kill for her , '' doyle said . 
 frost said , `` we come to guard her , as your king 's guard protects him . '' 
 his face was an arrogant mask . 
 his pale , expensive suit soaked up the dirty water . 
 his long silver hair trailed in the water . 
 somehow , he seemed more dirtied by the water than anyone else , as if it spoiled his white-and-silver beauty more grievously . 
 doyle 's blackness just seemed to melt into the water . 
 the fact that his long braid trailed in the water did n't bother him . 
 the only thing he worried about keeping clean was his gun . 
 modern guns shoot just fine wet , but he 'd begun using firearms when dry powder meant life or death , and old habits die hard . 
 i waited for them to reach me , because i wanted the comfort of their presence while i did this . 
 what i really wanted to do was fall into their arms and start screaming . 
 i did n't want to kill anymore - i wanted life for my people . 
 i wanted to bring life back to faerie , not death . 
 not death . 
 i waited , and let their hands give me solace . 
 let them lift me above the soft , treacherous bottom and guide me through the water . 
 i did n't collapse against them , but i let myself take courage from the strength of their hands . 
 a bone brushed my leg . 
 `` bone , '' i said . 
 `` a ridge of bone , by the feel of it , '' doyle said . 
 `` are you hoping segna dies before you get here ? '' 
 agnes asked , voice derisive . 
 the tears shining on her face made me discount the tone . 
 she was losing someone she had lived with , fought beside , loved , for centuries . 
 she 'd hated me before this ; now she 'd hate me even more . 
 i did not want her as my enemy , but it seemed as if no matter what i did , i could n't avoid it . 
 `` i 'm trying not to share her fate , '' i said . 
 `` i hope you do , '' agnes said . 
 sholto , tears plain on his face , looked at her . 
 `` if you ever raise a hand to meredith again , i will be done with you . '' 
 agnes stared at him , searched his face , as she held segna 's body . 
 she stared into the face of the man she loved . 
 whatever she saw there made her bow her head . 
 `` i will do as my king bids . '' 
 the words were bitter ; it seemed to tighten my own throat just to hear them . 
 they must have burned in agnes 's throat . 
 `` swear it , '' sholto said . 
 `` what oath would you have of me ? '' 
 she asked , head still bowed . 
 `` the oath that meredith gave , that will do . '' 
 she shivered , and it was n't from cold . 
 `` i swear by the darkness that eats all things that i will not harm the princess here and now . '' 
 `` no , '' sholto said , `` swear that you will never harm her . '' 
 she bowed lower , dry black hair trailing into the water . 
 `` i can not make that oath , my king . '' 
 `` why can you not ? '' 
 `` because i mean her harm . '' 
 `` you will not swear to never hurt her ? '' 
 he sounded surprised . 
 `` i will not ; can not . '' 
 ivar of the bird voice said , `` may i suggest , your highness , that she swear the oath to not harm the princess now , so we can all move about freely . 
 we can deal with her treachery later , once we 've dealt with the urgencies of the present moment . '' 
 sholto clutched segna to him , and her yellowed hands with their broken claws grasped at him . 
 `` you are right , '' he said . 
 he looked at agnes , who was still bent over the water and segna 's body . 
 `` make what oath you will , agnes . '' 
 she straightened up , the water streaming from her hair . 
 `` i swear by the darkness that eats all things that i will not harm the princess in this moment . '' 
 `` may i suggest something , king sholto ? '' 
 doyle asked . 
 `` yes , '' sholto answered , though his eyes were on the dying woman in his arms . 
 `` black agnes should add to her oath that she will not harm the princess while we are here in your garden . '' 
 sholto just nodded and whispered , `` do as he says , agnes . '' 
 `` do the sidhe guards give orders to our king now ? '' 
 she said . 
 `` do it , agnes ! '' 
 he screamed at her , and the scream ended in a sob . 
 he folded his body over segna and wept openly . 
 she glared at me , not doyle , while she spoke , and each word seemed dragged out of her . 
 `` i swear by the darkness that eats all things that i will not harm the princess while we stand in the dead gardens . '' 
 `` i think that is as good as we get from her , '' frost said , voice low . 
 doyle nodded . 
 `` aye . '' 
 they both looked at me , as if they knew this was a bad idea . 
 i addressed their look aloud . 
 `` there 's no way around this , only through it . 
 we have to live through this moment to get to the next . '' 
 sholto raised his face enough to say , `` segna will not live through this moment . '' 
 he had n't been this upset in los angeles when i 'd done something much more horrible to nerys the grey , his other hag . 
 i did n't point this out , but i could n't help noting it . 
 they had both been his lovers - but then again , i knew better than most that you do n't feel for your lovers all the same . 
 segna meant something to him , and nerys had not . 
 simple , painful , true . 
 i looked past the dying hag to black agnes , who watched sholto intently . 
 i realized in that moment that she did n't just weep for segna 's death , but like me remembered that he had n't wept for nerys . 
 was she wondering if he would weep for her ? 
 or did she already know that he had loved segna more ? 
 i was n't sure , but i could tell it was a raw and painful thought that cut across her features . 
 she stared at the weeping king , and her thoughts carved loss across her face . 
 she would not come out of this night 's work simply mourning segna . 
 she seemed to feel the weight of my gaze , because she turned . 
 she looked at me , the grief in her face changing into a fine , burning hatred . 
 i saw my death in her eyes . 
 agnes would kill me , if she could . 
 doyle 's hand tightened on my arm . 
 frost stepped over the bones in front of us , hidden by the water , and put his broad shoulders in the way of agnes 's look , as if her look alone could somehow hurt me . 
 that time was past . 
 but there would be more nights , and more ways of making one mortal princess dead . 
 `` she has given her oath , '' sholto said in a choked voice . 
 `` it is all we can do tonight . '' 
 that last was some acknowledgment that he saw what we saw in agnes 's face . 
 i 'd liked to have believed that he could keep a tight enough rein on the hag , but her look said there would not be a leash of honor , or love , stronger than her hate . 
 i did n't want to kill segna , did n't want to end her life while sholto wept for her . 
 and now i knew that i must also kill agnes or she 'd see me dead . 
 i might not do the deed myself , and it might not happen today , but i would have to call for her death . 
 she was too dangerous , too well placed among the sluagh to be allowed to live . 
 as i let the thought come all the way up to the front of my mind , i did n't know whether to laugh , or weep . 
 i did n't want to kill one hag , and had hated killing the first , yet i was already planning the death of the third . 
 frost and doyle lifted me over the hidden ridge of bones . 
 they half floated me to sholto , where he cried over the hag . 
 they tried to let me go , but i sank to my chin when they released me . 
 they grabbed me in the same moment , both fishing me higher above the black water . 
 `` she must stand on her own two feet for this kill , '' agnes said , her voice holding some of the deadly heat of her look . 
 `` i do n't know if i 'm tall enough , '' i said . 
 `` i have to agree with the hag , '' fyfe said . 
 `` the princess must stand on her own for the kill to be hers . '' 
 frost and doyle exchanged glances , still holding me between them . 
 `` let me down slowly , '' i said . 
 `` i think i can touch bottom . '' 
 they did what i asked . 
 if i kept my chin pointed up , i could just barely keep the dirty water out of my mouth . 
 `` we have no weapons with us that will kill the immortal , '' doyle said . 
 `` nor we , '' ivar said . 
 sholto looked at me , his face raw with grief , and i fought to meet that look . 
 he moved , and a tiny wave slapped my face . 
 i began treading water , so i could keep my head above the surface . 
 as i did so , my leg brushed something - i thought it was a bone , but it moved . 
 it was segna 's arm , limp in the water . 
 my leg brushed it again , and the arm convulsed . 
 `` the bones are a killing thing , '' i said . 
 then segna said in a rattling voice , thick with things that should never be in the throat of the living , `` kiss me one ... last ... time . '' 
 sholto leaned over her with a sob . 
 ivar moved everyone back to give us room . 
 he made certain that agnes moved back , too , which meant that segna 's body began to sink below the water . 
 i moved forward , tried to help catch her , as i treaded water . 
 i got a hand on her body , felt the weight of her cloak wrap around my legs . 
 i felt her tense a heartbeat before her arm , which was behind me now , swept forward . 
 i had time to turn and put both hands on her arm , to keep the claws from my side . 
 `` merry ! '' 
 doyle yelled . 
 i had time to take a breath , then we were underwater . 
 segna 's face loomed under the dirty water . 
 her mouth opened , screaming at me , blood blossoming from her mouth . 
 my hands dug desperately into her arms , too small to encircle them , as i forced them away from me and she dragged me deeper into the water . 
 too late i realized that there were other ways to kill me than claws - she was trying to impale me on submerged bone . 
 i kicked my feet to stay above the bone , to not let her spit me upon it . 
 the point of bone held me on its tip , and i kicked and pushed to keep it from piercing my skin . 
 segna pushed and fought against me . 
 the strength in her arms and body was almost too much for me . 
 she was wounded , dying , and it was all i could do to keep her from killing me . 
 my chest was tight ; i needed to breathe . 
 claws , bones , and even the water itself could kill . 
 if i could n't push her off me , all she had to do was simply hold me underwater . 
 i prayed , `` goddess help me ! '' 
 a pale hand shone in the water , and segna was pulled backward , my grip on her arms pulling me with her . 
 we broke the surface together , both of us gasping for breath . 
 her breath ended in a spattering cough that covered my face in her blood . 
 for a moment i could n't see who had pulled her back . 
 i had to blink her blood out of my eyes to see sholto with his arm across her upper body . 
 he held her one-armed and yelled , `` get out , meredith , get out ! '' 
 i did what he said : i let her go and pushed backward , trusting that there were no bones just behind me . 
 segna did n't try to catch me . 
 she used her newly freed hands to claw down sholto 's arm , making a crimson ruin of his white flesh . 
 i treaded water , looking around for doyle and frost , and the others . 
 there were no others . 
 i was paddling in a lake - a deep , cold lake - no longer the shallow , stagnant pool we 'd been wading in before . 
 there was a small island close at hand , but the shore was far away , and it was not a shore i knew . 
 i screamed , `` doyle ! '' 
 but there was no answer . 
 in truth , i had n't expected one , for i could already see that we were either in a vision , or somewhere else in faerie . 
 i did n't know which , and i did n't know where . 
 sholto cried out behind me . 
 i turned in time to see him go under in a wash of red . 
 segna struck at the water where he 'd vanished with the dagger from her belt . 
 did she realize it was him she attacked now , or did she still think she was killing me ? 
 i screamed , `` segna ! '' 
 the sound seemed to reach her , because she hesitated . 
 she turned in the water and blinked at me . 
 i pushed myself high enough out of the water so she could see me . 
 sholto had not yet resurfaced . 
 segna screamed at me , the sound ending in a wet cough . 
 blood poured down her chin , but she started moving toward me . 
 i screamed , `` sholto ! '' 
 hoping segna would realize what she 'd done and turn back to rescue him . 
 but she kept swimming , weakly , toward me . 
 `` he is only white flesh now , '' she growled , in that too thick , too wet voice . 
 `` he is only sidhe , not sluagh . '' 
 so much for her helping sholto - obviously it was up to me . 
 i took a good breath and dived . 
 the water was clearer here , and i saw sholto like a pale shadow sinking toward the bottom , blood trailing upward in a cloud . 
 i screamed his name , and the sound echoed through the water . 
 his body jerked , and just then something grabbed my hair and yanked me upward . 
 segna pulled me through the water . 
 i could see that she was making for the bare island . 
 my naked back hit the rocks , scraped along them , as she struggled from the lake . 
 she pulled me with her , until both of us were free of the water . 
 she lay panting on the rock , her hand still tangled in my hair . 
 i tried to ease away from that hand , but it convulsed tighter , wrenching my hair as if she meant to take it out by the roots . 
 she started dragging me closer to where she lay . 
 i fought to get up on all fours so she would n't scrape more of my skin off on the bare rock . 
 in order to do so , i had to take my gaze off her for an instant . 
 it was a mistake . 
 she jerked me down with that strength that could have torn a horse apart . 
 jerked me down , onto my stomach . 
 i wedged an arm under my body to keep me off the rocks . 
 then i saw that she still held the dagger . 
 she pressed it to my cheek . 
 i gazed at her along the line of the blade . 
 she was lying down , almost flat against the rocks . 
 `` i 'll scar you , '' she said . 
 `` ruin that pretty face . '' 
 `` sholto is drowning . '' 
 `` the sluagh can not die by water . 
 if he is sidhe enough to drown , then let him . '' 
 `` he loves you , '' i said . 
 she made a harsh sound that spattered her chin with more blood . 
 `` not as much as he loves the thought of sidhe flesh in his bed . '' 
 i could n't argue with that . 
 the tip of her blade wavered above my cheek . 
 `` how much sidhe are you ? 
 how well do you heal ? '' 
 i thought it was a rhetorical question , so i did n't answer it . 
 would she die of her wounds before she hurt me , or would she heal ? 
 she coughed blood onto the stones , and it was as if she wondered the same thing . 
 she used her grip on my hair to force me onto my back , dragging me closer as she did it . 
 i could n't stop her - i could not fight against such strength . 
 she crawled on top of me and put her blade tip over my throat . 
 i grabbed her hand , wrapped both my hands around it , and still trembled with the effort to hold her off me . 
 `` so weak , '' she gasped above me . 
 `` why do we follow the sidhe ? 
 if i were not dying , you could not hold me off . '' 
 my voice came out tight with strain as i said , `` i 'm only part sidhe . '' 
 `` but you 're sidhe enough for him to want you , '' she growled . 
 `` glow for me , sidhe ! 
 show me that precious seelie magic . 
 show me the magic that makes us follow the sidhe . '' 
 her words were fatal . 
 she was right . 
 i had magic . 
 magic that no one else had . 
 i called my hand of blood . 
 as i summoned it , i tried not to think about the fact that i could have done it sooner - before she hurt sholto . 
 i wielded the hand of blood . 
 i could have made her bleed out from just a tiny cut , and these were not tiny cuts . 
 i started to glow under the press of her body . 
 my body shone through the blood she was dripping on me . 
 i whispered , `` not seelie magic , segna , unseelie magic . 
 bleed for me . '' 
 she did n't understand at first . 
 she kept trying to shove the blade into my throat , and i kept holding her just off me . 
 she dug her hand into my hair so that her claws raked my scalp , bloodied me . 
 i called blood , and her wounds gushed . 
 the blood poured over me , hot - hotter than my own skin . 
 i turned my head away to keep my eyes clear of it . 
 my hands grew slippery with her blood , and i was afraid that her knife would slip past my defenses before i could bleed her out . 
 so much blood ; it poured and poured and poured . 
 could a night-hag bleed to death ? 
 could they even be killed this way ? 
 i did n't know , i just did n't know . 
 the tip of her knife pierced my skin like a sharp bite . 
 my arms were shaking with the effort to keep her off me . 
 i screamed , `` bleed for me ! '' 
 i spat her blood out of my mouth , and still her knife wormed another fraction into my throat . 
 barely , barely below the skin - i was n't hurt yet , but i would be soon . 
 then her hand hesitated , pulled backward . 
 i blinked up at her through a mask of her own blood . 
 her eyes were wide and startled . 
 there was a white spear sticking out through her throat . 
 sholto stood above her , bandages gone , his wound bare to the air , both hands gripping the spear . 
 he pulled the spear out with a wrenching motion . 
 a fountain of blood spilled out of her neck . 
 i whispered , `` bleed . '' 
 she collapsed in a pool of crimson , the knife still clasped in her hand . 
 sholto stood over her and drove the white spear into her back . 
 she spasmed underneath him , her mouth opening and closing , hands and feet scrabbling at the bare rock . 
 only when she stopped moving completely did he take the spear out . 
 he stood swaying , but used the tip to send her dagger spinning into the lake . 
 then he collapsed to his knees beside her , leaning on the spear like a crutch . 
 by the time i staggered to him , i was n't glowing . 
 i was tired , and hurt , and covered in my enemy 's blood . 
 i fell to my knees beside him on the bloody rock , and i touched his shoulder , as if i was n't sure he was real . 
 `` i saw you drown , '' i said . 
 he seemed to have trouble focusing on me , but said , `` i am sidhe and sluagh . 
 we can not die by drowning . '' 
 he coughed hard enough that he doubled over , throwing up water onto the rock , as he clung to the white shaft of the spear . 
 `` but it hurts as if it were death . '' 
 i embraced him , and he winced , covered in wounds new and old . 
 i held him more carefully , clinging to him , covering his upper body in segna 's blood . 
 his voice came rough with coughing . 
 `` i 'm holding the spear of bone . 
 it was one of the signs of kingship once for my people . '' 
 `` where did it come from ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` it was in the bottom of the lake , waiting for me . '' 
 `` where are we ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` it 's the island of bones . 
 it used to be in the middle of our garden , but it has become the stuff of legend . '' 
 i touched what i 'd thought was rock , and found he was right . 
 it was rock , but the rock had once been bone . 
 the island was made up of fossils . 
 `` it feels awfully solid for a legend , '' i said . 
 he managed a smile . 
 `` what in the name of danu is going on , meredith ? 
 what is happening ? '' 
 i smelled roses , thick and sweet . 
 he raised his head , looked around him . 
 `` i smell herbs . '' 
 `` i smell roses , '' i said , softly . 
 he looked at me . 
 `` what is happening , meredith ? 
 how did we get here ? '' 
 `` i prayed . '' 
 he frowned at me . 
 `` i do n't understand . '' 
 the smell of roses grew thicker , as if i were standing in a summer meadow . 
 a chalice appeared in my hand , where it lay against sholto 's naked back . 
 he startled away from the touch of it as if it had burned him . 
 he tried to turn too quickly , and it must have pained the open wound on his stomach , for he winced , sucking in his breath sharply . 
 he fell back onto his side , the spear still gripped in one hand . 
 i held up the gold-and-silver cup so that it caught the light . 
 it was really only then that it sank in that there was light here . 
 it was sunlight , glinting on the cup , and warm on my skin . 
 for my life , i could n't remember if there had been sun a moment ago . 
 i might have asked sholto , but he was focused on what was in my hand , and whispered , `` it ca n't be what i think it is . '' 
 `` it is the chalice . '' 
 he gave a small shake of his head . 
 `` how ? '' 
 `` i dreamt of it , as i dreamt of abeloec 's horn cup , and when i woke it was beside me . '' 
 he leaned heavily on the spear , and reached toward the shining cup . 
 i held it out toward him , but his fingers stopped just short of it , as if he feared to touch it . 
 his reluctance reminded me that things could happen if i touched one of the men with the chalice . 
 but were n't we in vision ? 
 and if so , would that hold true ? 
 i looked at segna 's body , felt her blood drying on my skin . 
 was this vision , or was it real ? 
 `` and is not vision real ? '' 
 came a woman 's voice . 
 `` who said that ? '' 
 sholto asked . 
 a figure appeared . 
 she was hidden completely behind the grey of a hooded cloak . 
 she stood in the clear sunlight , but it was like looking at a shadow - a shadow with nothing to give it form . 
 `` do not fear the touch of the goddess , '' the figure said . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 sholto whispered . 
 `` who do you think i am ? '' 
 came the voice . 
 in the past , she had always either appeared more solid or been only a voice , a scent on the wind . 
 sholto licked his lips and whispered , `` goddess . '' 
 my hand rose of its own accord . 
 i held the chalice out to him , but it was as if someone else were moving my hand . 
 `` touch the chalice , '' i whispered . 
 he kept his grip on the spear , leaning on it , as he stretched out his other hand . 
 `` what will happen when i touch it ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' i said . 
 `` then why do you want me to do it ? '' 
 `` she wants you to , '' i said . 
 he hesitated again with his fingers just above the shining surface . 
 the goddess 's voice breathed around us with the scent of summer roses : `` choose . '' 
 sholto took in a sharp breath and blew it out , like a sprinter , then touched the gold of the cup . 
 i smelled herbs , as if i had brushed against a border of thyme and lavender around my roses . 
 a black-cloaked figure appeared beside the grey . 
 taller , broader of shoulders , and somehow - even shrouded by the cloak - male . 
 as the cloak could not hide the goddess 's femininity , so the cloak could not hide the god 's masculinity . 
 sholto 's hand wrapped around the chalice , covering my hand with his , so that we both held the cup . 
 the voice came deep , and rich , and ever changing . 
 i knew the voice of the god , always male , but never the same . 
 `` you have spilled your blood , risked your lives , killed on this ground , '' he intoned . 
 that dark hood turned toward sholto , and for a moment i thought i saw a chin , lips , but they changed even as i saw them . 
 it was dizzying . 
 `` what would you give to bring life back to your people , sholto ? '' 
 `` anything , '' he whispered . 
 `` be careful what you offer , '' the goddess said , and her voice , too , was every woman 's , and none . 
 `` i would give my life to save my people , '' sholto said . 
 `` i do not wish to take it , '' i responded , because the goddess had offered me a similar choice once . 
 amatheon had bared his neck for a blade , so that life could return to the land of faerie . 
 i had refused , because there were other ways to give life to the land . 
 i was descended from fertility deities , and i knew well that blood was not the only thing that made the grass grow . 
 `` this is not your choice , '' she said to me . 
 was there a note of sorrow in her voice ? 
 a dagger appeared in the air in front of sholto . 
 its hilt and blade were all white , and gleamed oddly in the light . 
 sholto 's hand left the chalice and grabbed for the knife , almost by reflex . 
 `` the hilt is bone . 
 it is the match to the spear , '' sholto said , and there was soft wonder in his voice as he gazed at the dagger . 
 `` do you remember what the dagger was used for ? '' 
 said the god . 
 `` it was used to slay the old king . 
 to spill his blood on this island , '' sholto replied obediently . 
 `` why ? '' 
 the god asked . 
 `` this dagger is the heart of the sluagh , or was once . '' 
 `` what does a heart need ? '' 
 `` blood , and lives , '' sholto answered , as if he were taking a test . 
 `` you spilled blood and life on the island , but it is not alive . '' 
 sholto shook his head . 
 `` segna was not a suitable sacrifice for this place . 
 it needs a king 's blood . '' 
 he held the knife out toward the god 's shadowy figure . 
 `` spill my blood , take my life , bring the heart of the sluagh back to life . '' 
 `` you are the king , sholto . 
 if you die , who will take back the spear , and bring the power back to your people ? '' 
 i knelt there , the blood growing tacky on my skin . 
 i cradled the chalice in my hands , and had a bad feeling that i knew where this talk was going . 
 sholto lowered the knife and asked , `` what do you want of me , lord ? '' 
 the figure pointed at me . 
 `` there is royal blood to spill . 
 do it , and the heart of the sluagh will live once more . '' 
 sholto stared at me , the look on his face full of shock . 
 i wondered if my face had looked that way when the choice had been mine . 
 `` you mean for me to kill meredith ? '' 
 `` she is royal blood , a fit sacrifice for this place . '' 
 `` no , '' sholto said . 
 `` you said you would do anything , '' the goddess said . 
 `` i can offer my life , but i can not offer hers , '' sholto said . 
 `` it is n't mine to give . '' 
 his hand was mottled with the force of his grip on the hilt of the knife . 
 `` you are king , '' the god said . 
 `` a king tends his people , he does n't butcher them . '' 
 `` you would condemn your people to a slow death for the life of one woman ? '' 
 emotions chased over sholto 's face , but finally he dropped the knife on the rock . 
 it rang as if it were the hardest metal rather than bone . 
 `` i can not , will not harm meredith . '' 
 `` why will you not ? '' 
 `` she is not sluagh . 
 she should not have to die to bring us back to life . 
 it is not her place . '' 
 `` if she wishes to be queen over all of faerie , then she will be sluagh . '' 
 `` then let her be queen . 
 if she dies here , she will not be queen , and that will leave us with only cel . 
 i would bring life back to the sluagh and destroy all of faerie in one blow . 
 she holds the chalice . 
 the chalice , my lord . 
 the chalice after all these years is returned . 
 i do not understand how you can ask me to destroy the only hope we have . '' 
 `` is she your hope , sholto ? '' 
 the god asked . 
 `` yes , '' he whispered . 
 there was so much emotion in that one word . 
 the dark figure looked at the grey . 
 the goddess spoke . 
 `` there is no fear in you , meredith . 
 why not ? '' 
 i tried to put it into words . 
 `` sholto is right , my lady . 
 the chalice has returned to us , and magic is returning to the sidhe . 
 you use my body as your vessel . 
 i do not think you would waste all that on one bloody sacrifice . '' 
 i glanced at sholto . 
 `` and i have felt his hand in mine . 
 i have felt his desire for me . 
 i think it would destroy something in him to kill me . 
 i do not believe my god and goddess so heartless as that . '' 
 `` does he love you then , meredith ? '' 
 `` i do not know , but he loves the idea of holding me in his arms . 
 that i know . '' 
 `` do you love this woman , sholto ? '' 
 the god asked . 
 sholto opened his mouth , closed it , then said , `` it is not a gentleman 's place to answer such questions in front of a lady . '' 
 `` this is a place for truth , sholto . '' 
 `` it 's all right , sholto , '' i said . 
 `` answer true . 
 i wo n't hold it against you . '' 
 `` that 's what i 'm afraid of , '' he said softly . 
 the look on his face made me laugh . 
 the laughter echoed on the air like the song of birds . 
 `` joy will suffice to bring this place back to life , '' the goddess said . 
 `` if you bring life to this place with joy , then you will change the very heart of the sluagh . 
 do you understand that , sholto ? '' 
 the god said . 
 `` not exactly . '' 
 `` the heart of the sluagh is based on death , blood , combat , and terror . 
 laughter , joy , and life will make a different heart for the sluagh . '' 
 `` i am sorry , my lord , but i do not understand . '' 
 `` meredith , '' the goddess said , `` explain it to him . '' 
 the goddess was beginning to fade , like a dream as dawn 's light steals through the window . 
 `` i do not understand , '' sholto said . 
 `` you are sluagh and unseelie sidhe , '' the god said ; `` you are a creature of terror and darkness . 
 it is what you are , but it is not all you are . '' 
 with that , the dark shape began to fade , too . 
 sholto reached out to him . 
 `` wait , i do n't understand . '' 
 the god and goddess vanished , as if they 'd never been , and the sunlight dimmed with them . 
 we were left in gloom . 
 it was the twilight of the underground of faerie these days - not the aberration of the momentous sunlight that had bathed us moments ago . 
 sholto yelled , `` my god , wait ! '' 
 `` sholto , '' i said . 
 i had to say it twice more before he looked at me . 
 his face was stricken . 
 `` i do n't know what they want from me . 
 what am i to do ? 
 how do i bring the heart of my people back with joy ? '' 
 i smiled at him , the mask of blood cracking with it . 
 i had to clean off this mess . 
 `` oh , sholto , you get your wish . '' 
 `` my wish ? 
 what wish ? '' 
 `` let me clean off some of this blood beforehand . '' 
 `` before what ? '' 
 i touched his arm . 
 `` sex , sholto , they meant sex . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 the look on his face , so astonished , made me laugh again . 
 the sound echoed across the lake , and again i thought i heard birdsong . 
 `` did you hear that ? '' 
 `` i heard your laughter , like music . '' 
 `` this place is ready to come back to life , sholto , but if we use laughter and joy and sex to make it happen , then it will be a different place than it was before . 
 do you understand that ? '' 
 `` i 'm not sure . 
 we are going to have sex here , now ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 let me wash off some of the blood , and then yes . '' 
 i was n't sure he 'd heard anything else i 'd said . 
 `` have you seen the new garden outside the throne room doors in the unseelie sithen ? '' 
 he seemed to have to fight to concentrate , but finally he nodded . 
 `` it 's a meadow with a stream now , not the torture area the queen had made of it . '' 
 `` exactly , '' i said . 
 `` it was a place of pain and now it 's a meadow with butterflies and bunnies . 
 i 'm part seelie court , sholto , do you understand what i 'm saying ? 
 that part of me will impact the magic we do here and now . '' 
 `` what magic will we perform here and now ? '' 
 he asked , smiling . 
 he was still leaning heavily on the spear , the raw wound of what the seelie had done to him bare to the air . 
 i 'd had enough of my own injuries to know that just the touch of air hurt when the skin was abraded . 
 the bone knife lay next to sholto 's knees . 
 truthfully , i 'd thought it might vanish when the god and goddess went - for he had refused to use it for its true purpose . 
 nevertheless , sholto was still surrounded by major relics of the sluagh . 
 he 'd been visited by deity . 
 we knelt in a place of legend , with the possibility of bringing his people to a rebirth of their powers . 
 and all he seemed to be able to think of was the fact that we might be having sex . 
 i looked in his face . 
 i tried to see past the almost shy anticipation there . 
 he seemed afraid to be too eager . 
 he was a good king , yet the promise of sex with another sidhe had chased all the cautions from his mind . 
 i could not allow him to leap in , though , until i was sure he understood what might happen to his people . 
 he had to understand or ... or what ? 
 `` sholto , '' i said . 
 he reached out to me . 
 i took his hand to keep him from touching my face . 
 `` i need you to hear me , sholto , to truly hear me . '' 
 `` i will listen to anything you say . '' 
 he was willing to follow my lead . 
 i 'd noticed that about him in l.a. - that the dominant , frightening king of the sluagh became submissive in intimate situations . 
 had black agnes taught him that , or segna ? 
 or was he just wired that way ? 
 i patted his hand , more friendly than sexual . 
 `` what i bring to sex magic is meadows and butterflies . 
 some of the corridors in the unseelie mound are turning to white marble with veins of gold . '' 
 his face became a little more serious , less amused . 
 `` yes , the queen was most upset , '' he said . 
 `` she accused you of remaking her sithen in the image of the seelie court . '' 
 `` exactly , '' i said . 
 his eyes widened . 
 `` i did n't do it on purpose , '' i said . 
 `` i do n't control what the energy does with the sithen . 
 sex magic is n't like other magicks - it 's wilder , and has more a mind of its own . '' 
 `` the sluagh are wild magic , meredith . '' 
 `` yes , but wild sluagh and wild seelie magic are n't the same . '' 
 he turned my hand palm-up . 
 `` you bear the hand of flesh and the hand of blood . 
 those are not seelie powers . '' 
 `` no . 
 in combat i seem to be all unseelie , but in sex magic it is the seelie in my blood that comes out . 
 do you understand what that might mean for your sluagh ? '' 
 all the light seemed to drain from his face , so somber now . 
 `` if we have sex , and the sluagh are reborn , you might remake the sluagh in your image . '' 
 `` yes , '' i said . 
 he stared at my hand as if he 'd never seen it before . 
 `` if i had taken your life , then the sluagh would have remained what they are : a terrible darkness to sweep all before us . 
 if we use sex to bring life back to my people , then they may become more like the sidhe , or even the seelie sidhe . '' 
 `` yes , '' i said , `` yes . '' 
 i was relieved that he finally understood . 
 `` would it be so terrible if we were more sidhe ? '' 
 he almost whispered it , as if he spoke to himself . 
 `` you are their king , sholto . 
 only you can make this choice for your people . '' 
 `` they would hate me for making this choice . '' 
 he stared at me . 
 `` but what other choice is there ? 
 i will not spill your life away , not even to bring life back to all of my kingdom . '' 
 he closed his eyes and let go of my hand . 
 he began to glow , soft , and white like the moon rising through his skin . 
 he opened his eyes , and the triple gold of his irises gleamed . 
 he traced a glowing fingertip across the palm of my hand , and it drew a line of cold white fire across my skin . 
 i shuddered from that small touch . 
 he smiled . 
 `` i am sidhe , meredith . 
 i understand that now . 
 i am sluagh , too , but i am also sidhe . 
 i want to be sidhe , meredith . 
 i want to be fully sidhe . 
 i want to know what it feels like to be what i am . '' 
 i drew my hand back from him , so i could think without the press of his power against my skin . 
 `` you are king here . 
 you must make this choice . '' 
 my voice was a little hoarse . 
 `` it is no choice , '' he said . 
 `` you dead , and lost to all of faerie - or you in my arms ? 
 it is no choice . '' 
 he laughed then , and his laughter , too , echoed across the lake . 
 i heard chimes , or birds , or both . 
 `` besides , darkness and frost would kill me if i took you as a sacrifice . '' 
 `` they would not slay the king of the sluagh and bring war to faerie , '' i said . 
 `` if you truly believe that their loyalties are still to faerie rather than to you alone , then you do not see their eyes when they look at you . 
 their vengeance would be terrible , meredith . 
 the fact that there are still assassination attempts against you only shows that some of the sidhe do not yet understand how short-leashed the queen has kept darkness and frost . 
 especially darkness , '' he said , his voice going low . 
 his face looked haunted . 
 he shook the thought away and looked back at me . 
 `` i have seen the darkness hunt . 
 if hell hounds , yeth hounds , still existed among us , they would belong to the sluagh , to the wild hunt , and the blood of that wild hunt still runs through doyle 's veins , meredith . '' 
 `` so you do not kill me for fear of doyle and frost ? '' 
 he looked at me , and for a moment let the veil drop from those glowing eyes . 
 he let me see his need , such need , as if it should have been carved in letters across the air . 
 `` it is not fear that impels me to spare your life , '' he whispered . 
 i gave him a smile , and the chalice still gripped in my hand pulsed once against my skin . 
 the chalice would be part of what we did . 
 `` let me wash some of this blood away . 
 then i will put my glow against yours . '' 
 his own glow began to fade a little , his burning eyes cooling to as normal as they ever got . 
 it was hard to call his triple-gold irises normal , even by sidhe standards , though . 
 `` i am hurt , meredith . 
 i would have had our first time together be perfect . 
 i 'm not certain how much good i 'm going to be to you tonight . '' 
 `` i 'm hurt , too , '' i said , `` but we 'll both do our best . '' 
 i stood up and found my body stiff with injuries i had n't even realized i 'd suffered - small wounds that i must have received in the fight . 
 `` i will not be able to make love the way you wish it , '' he said . 
 `` how do you know what i wish ? '' 
 i asked as i made my way slowly across the rough and smooth of the rock . 
 `` you had quite an audience for mistral 's turn with you . 
 the rumors have grown , but if even part of it is true , i will not be able to dominate you as he did . '' 
 i slid into the water . 
 it found every small cut and scrape . 
 the water was cool and soothing , but at the same time it made the wounds burn . 
 `` i do n't want to be dominated right now , sholto . 
 make love to me - let it be gentle between us , if that is what we want . '' 
 he laughed again , and i heard bells . 
 `` i think gentle is all i 'm capable of tonight . '' 
 `` i do not always want rough , sholto . 
 my tastes are more varied than that . '' 
 i was shoulder-deep in the water now , trying to get the blood off me . 
 the blood began to dissolve in the water , washing away almost more easily than it should have . 
 `` how varied are your tastes ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i smiled at him . 
 `` very . '' 
 i dunked under the water in a bid to get the blood off my face , out of my hair . 
 i came up gasping , wiping the runnels of pinkish water from my face . 
 i went under two more times until the water ran clear . 
 sholto was at the edge of the island when i came up the last time . 
 he was standing , using the spear like a crutch . 
 the white knife was tucked carefully through the cloth of his pants , the way you 'd stick a pin through : in , then out , so the point was exposed to the air . 
 he offered me his hand . 
 i took it , though i could have gotten out by myself , and i knew that bending over must hurt him . 
 sholto lay naked before me . 
 i 'd never seen him like that , lying naked , and waiting , knowing that we did n't have to stop . 
 the first and only time i 'd seen him completely nude he 'd still had extras . 
 but he had used his own personal magic then to make his stomach look like the perfect six-pack abs . 
 even to the touch , i had n't been able to feel what i 'd known was there . 
 he was very good at personal glamour , but then he 'd spent years hiding that bit of deformity . 
 now he lay back , using his own pants as some small cushion against the stone . 
 the seelie had skinned him from just below his ribs to just above his groin . 
 i 'd seen the wound , but now it loomed larger . 
 the pain must have been a fearsome thing . 
 he had laid the white spear and the bone knife to one side of him . 
 i had set the chalice on the other side of him . 
 we would make love between the chalice , symbol of the goddess , and two symbols that were oh , so masculine . 
 the air above his body wavered , like heat off a road , and the next moment there was no wound . 
 he was back to creating the illusion of that perfect six-pack . 
 of all my lovers , only rhys had it for real . 
 `` you do n't need to hide , sholto , '' i said . 
 `` the look on your face is not the look i want to see the first time we make love , meredith . '' 
 `` take the glamour away , sholto , let me truly see you . '' 
 `` it is no more beautiful than what used to be there . '' 
 his voice was sad . 
 i touched the smooth skin of his shoulder . 
 `` you were beautiful . 
 you are beautiful . '' 
 he gave me a smile as sad as his tone . 
 `` meredith , no lies , please . '' 
 i studied his face . 
 he was as fair of face as frost , who was one of the most perfect men i 'd ever seen . 
 i said out loud , `` the queen once called you the most perfect sidhe body she had ever seen . 
 you are wounded , you will heal ; it has not changed the perfection of you . '' 
 `` the queen said that it was a pity that one of the most perfect sidhe bodies she 'd ever seen was ruined by such deformity . '' 
 okay , maybe mentioning the queen 's words had n't been a good idea . 
 i tried again . 
 i crawled to his face and leaned over to touch his lips with mine . 
 but it was a cold kiss , and he barely responded . 
 i drew back . 
 `` what is wrong ? '' 
 `` in los angeles , even the sight of you clothed hardened my body . 
 tonight i am weak . '' 
 i gazed down the long length of his body to find that he was still soft , and as small as he got . 
 he was one of those men that was n't truly small even when soft ; a shower , not a grower . 
 i had magic in me that could bring a man to life , as it were , but it was seelie magic . 
 i wanted to use less seelie magic in this union , not more . 
 although sholto had made the decision to accept the risk , i feared for the sluagh . 
 i feared them losing their identity as a people . 
 of course , there were other ways to bring a man to life besides magic . 
 i crawled , carefully , on the bare rocks , until i knelt by his hip . 
 `` you are n't weak , sholto , you 're hurt . 
 there is no shame in that . '' 
 `` to see you nude and not to react is shameful . '' 
 i gave him the smile he needed and said , `` i think we can fix that . '' 
 `` magic ? '' 
 he said , staring down his body at me . 
 i shook my head . 
 `` no magic , sholto , just this . '' 
 i traced my hand over his thighs , reveling in the smooth skin . 
 the fey did n't have much body hair , but i think the fact that he was part nightflyer - a creature that had no hair - made him utterly smooth . 
 smooth as a woman and so soft , yet terribly male from the bottoms of his feet to the top of his head . 
 i traced along the inside of his thighs and he spread them for me , so that i could sweep upward and touch the silken skin between his legs . 
 he was still soft and loose as i rolled those delicate balls in my hand . 
 the touch bowed his spine , sending his head back , eyes closed . 
 but with the pleasure came a sound of pain . 
 the movement had hurt the butchered skin across the middle of his body . 
 what progress i 'd made wilted in the face of such pain . 
 he threw his arm across his eyes and made a sound between a sob and a yell . 
 `` i will be useless to you tonight , meredith . 
 i will be useless to my people . 
 i will not bring us back to life with death , and i can not bring us back with life . '' 
 `` i would wait until you were healed , sholto , if i could . 
 but this night is about bringing life back to faerie . 
 console yourself - we will have other nights , or days . 
 other times , after you are healed , to do what we want to do . 
 tonight , we do what we must . '' 
 he uncovered his eyes and gazed down at me . 
 his face held such despair . 
 `` i ca n't think of any intercourse position that is n't going to hurt you , and you do n't like pain , '' i said . 
 `` i did not say i did not like pain , but not this much . '' 
 i stored that away for future reference . 
 `` i know . 
 there are limits for most of us beyond which pain is just pain . '' 
 `` i am sorry , meredith , but i fear i have reached that point with these wounds . '' 
 `` we 'll see , '' i said . 
 i leaned back over his body until i could kiss the front of him . 
 i drew him , gently , into my mouth . 
 the only other time i 'd had him in my mouth he had been long and hard , and eager . 
 tonight his body was quiet , loose , and still . 
 at first , i was almost impatient , but i let that go . 
 this was not a moment for impatience , or hurrying - this was sholto 's first time with another sidhe . 
 this was one of his most treasured dreams , and he was coming to it hurt , and not at his best . 
 he 'd probably fantasized this moment , and now none of his fantasies was coming true . 
 reality was a harsher mistress than imagination . 
 i let go of the impatience . 
 i stopped wondering what doyle and frost and the others must be thinking . 
 i let go the thought that my powers were growing and i had no idea what they would do next . 
 i let all the worries go , and gave myself over to this moment . 
 i gave myself over to the sensation of him in my mouth . 
 i had been denied the chance to give oral sex to most of my lovers . 
 they did n't want to risk spilling their seed anywhere but between my legs , wasting a chance to father the next heir to the throne - a chance to make themselves king to my queen . 
 i did n't blame them , but i loved oral sex , and i 'd missed performing it . 
 the few times i 'd been able to persuade anyone , he had already been excited - big , hard , which was a pleasure all its own - but i liked the feel of a man when he was small . 
 so much easier to take all of him in my mouth . 
 no straining , no fighting all that length or width . 
 i rolled him in my mouth , sucking gently , at first . 
 but i wanted to enjoy all the sensation i could while he remained small , so i increased in intensity . 
 i could feel him moving in my mouth , the skin sliding , the meat of him so easy to work with . 
 i sucked him fast and faster , until he cried out , `` enough , enough . '' 
 i moved to the loose roll of his balls , licking along the skin , sliding all that silkiness between my lips and tongue . 
 i watched him grow larger as i played with his balls . 
 i rolled one testicle , carefully , into my mouth so i could play with all of it . 
 he was too big for me to try to take both in at the same time ; it would be too easy to injure such tender parts . 
 the last thing i wanted to do was cause him any new pain . 
 his eyes were wild as they looked down his body at me . 
 the gold of his eyes started to glow - molten gold in the center , amber shot through with sun , then a pale yellow-gold like elm leaves in fall . 
 one moment his eyes were all that glowed , and the next that light exploded down his body , as if white light were liquid running just under his skin . 
 his skin glowed even underneath the red ruin , as if he were carved of rubies set in ivory , with the sun glowing through the white and red of his body . 
 i moved over his body , not with him inside , but with a knee on either side of his hips . 
 i gazed down at him , wanting to remember the beauty of him the first time . 
 the glow had spread to the tips of his hair , as if every strand were dipped in moonlight . 
 he was a thing of light and magic , but as i used my hand to help slide him inside me , he was all silken skin , and muscle . 
 i slipped the head of him inside me , and found i was almost too tight . 
 i 'd performed all the foreplay on him , and received none for myself . 
 i was wet from the pleasure , but tight , so very tight . 
 he managed to gasp out , `` you 're not open enough . '' 
 `` is it hurting you ? '' 
 my own voice sounded whispery . 
 `` no , '' he whispered . 
 `` then i want to feel you force your way into me . 
 i want to feel each inch push inside while i 'm this tight . '' 
 i wriggled my hips a little lower , fighting for each delicious inch . 
 i was so tight that he touched every bit of me , sliding heavy and slow over that spot inside me . 
 i meant to have him inside me as deep as he 'd go before my release , but my body had other ideas . 
 it was as if my body being so tight around his made his body press just right , just exactly right against that one spot . 
 one moment i was trying to be so careful , easing him inside me , and the next i was screaming my orgasm , my body bucking around his , the movement forcing more of me down the shaft of him faster than i would have managed without it . 
 and as long as i could keep pushing him inside me the orgasm kept going . 
 it kept on as i shoved him inside me , and somewhere before the last inch of him went inside , he started helping to push . 
 i sat on top of him with our bodies wedded as close as man and woman could be , the orgasm dancing me above him . 
 i was aware , vaguely , that my skin was glowing - a moon shine to match his own . 
 the wind of my own power blew my hair around my face , garnets sparkling in fire . 
 my eyes glowed so brightly that i could see the colored shadows of the green and gold of my own eyes at the edges of my vision . 
 i screamed and writhed above him on wave after wave of pleasure . 
 this had not been planned , or achieved with skill , but more by luck ; a key sliding into a lock at the perfect moment . 
 our bodies took that moment and rode it . 
 i heard him scream my name , felt his body buck under mine , felt him drive himself home as hard and as fast as he could . 
 he hit the end of me , and that orgasmed me again . 
 i threw my head back and screamed his name to the heavens . 
 he went still underneath me , but i could n't focus my eyes enough to see him , not really . 
 my vision ran in streamers of colors . 
 i collapsed forward , and forgot . 
 forgot that he was still hurt . 
 forgot that i was wearing the queen 's ring on my right hand ; the ring that had once belonged to a real fertility goddess . 
 i had a second to realize that the skin of his stomach under my hands was no longer raw , but felt smooth and perfect . 
 i blinked down , fighting through pleasure 's afterglow to see him . 
 his stomach was as flat and perfect as his illusion once had been , but this was no illusion . 
 he had his tentacles back , but as a tattoo so bright and life-like that a glance made them seem real . 
 they were a picture , drawn upon his skin . 
 i saw all that in three blinks of an eye , but there was no next blink , for the ring suddenly came to life . 
 it was like being plunged into water with an electric current in it . 
 it was not enough to kill , but enough to hurt . 
 sholto yelled under me , and not from pleasure . 
 i tried to take the ring away from his body , but my hand seemed glued to his newly decorated skin . 
 the power blew out from us , as if the magic spilled away over the bare rock . 
 i could breathe again . 
 sholto gasped , `` what was that ? '' 
 `` the ring . '' 
 he gazed down his body at me , and my hand pressed to his abdomen . 
 his fingers touched the tattoo , a look on his face of wonder , and of loss . 
 it was as if he 'd been given his dearest wish , and in the same moment experienced a loss that would haunt him forever . 
 i heard metal rolling along rock . 
 the sound made me turn . 
 the chalice was rolling toward us , though the ground was utterly flat . 
 i looked to the other side and found the spear of bone rolling from the other side . 
 they were going to touch us at the same time . 
 `` hold on , '' i said . 
 `` to what ? '' 
 `` to me . '' 
 he grabbed my arms , and my hand was freed from his stomach . 
 i grabbed his arms without thinking , putting the ring against his bare skin , again . 
 sometimes goddess pulls us by the hand down our path , and sometimes she gets behind us and pushes off the cliff edge . 
 wood , metal , flesh ; all of it hit us at once . 
 we were left clinging to each other in the center of a blast of power that splashed the lake up over the island . 
 we drowned for a moment , then the world literally moved . 
 it felt as if the island bucked up and dropped down again . 
 the water cleared , the earth stopped moving , and the chalice and spear were gone . 
 we were left wet and gasping , huddled naked together . 
 i was afraid to let go , as if our arms around each other - our bodies still wedded together - were all that kept us from falling off the face of the earth . 
 voices came , yells , shouts . 
 i picked out doyle 's voice , frost , and agnes 's harsh call . 
 the voices made us both turn , blinking water out of our eyes . 
 on the shore , which was a lot farther away than it had been before , were all our guards . 
 we were back in the dead gardens of the sluagh , but the lake was full of water now , and the island of bones was in the middle of it . 
 doyle dived into the water , his dark body cutting the surface . 
 frost followed him . 
 the other guards did the same . 
 sholto 's uncles discarded their cloaks and hit the water after my guards . 
 only black agnes stayed on the shore . 
 i looked down at sholto ; i was still on top of him . 
 `` we 're about to be rescued . '' 
 he smiled up at me . 
 `` do we need rescuing ? '' 
 `` i 'm not sure , '' i said . 
 he laughed then , and the sound echoed against the bare stone of the cavern . 
 he hugged me tight , and laid a gentle kiss on my cheek . 
 he breathed his words against my skin : `` thank you , meredith . '' 
 i pressed my cheek against his and whispered back , `` you are most welcome , sholto . '' 
 he buried his hand in my wet hair and said , softly , `` i have long desired you to whisper my name like that . '' 
 `` like what ? '' 
 i asked , face still pressed against his . 
 `` like a lover . '' 
 i heard movement behind us , and sholto released his hold on my hair . 
 i kissed him on the lips , before i lifted my body to see who had made the island first . 
 doyle - of course it was doyle - walked toward us . 
 he gleamed black and shining , water dripping down his nakedness . 
 the light caught blue and purple gleams from his skin as he moved toward us . 
 the light seemed to dazzle on his skin and on the water - reflected brilliance . 
 my skin was warm in the light . 
 sunlight , it was sunlight again . 
 like noonday come to this shadowy place . 
 there was a green haze to the bare rock where sholto and i lay . 
 that haze took the shape of tiny stems , reaching out over the rock , anchoring themselves as doyle came to stand beside us . 
 his face struggled for an expression , and finally settled on that stern face , the one that had frightened me as a child when he stood at my aunt 's side . 
 somehow the expression was n't nearly as frightening with him naked , and given my now so intimate knowledge of him . 
 the queen 's darkness was my lover , and i could never again see him as that threatening figure , simply the queen 's assassin , her black dog to fetch and kill . 
 i stared up at him , still pressed tight in sholto 's arms . 
 i sat up , and his arms fell away from me , reluctantly . 
 since i was still riding his body , it was n't as if he stopped touching me . 
 his hands slid down my arms , staying in contact . 
 i glanced at sholto 's face and found him looking not at me , but at doyle . 
 sholto 's face was defiant , almost triumphant . 
 i did n't understand the look . 
 i glanced at doyle , and saw behind that stern face a flash of anger . 
 for the first time in weeks i remembered how they had both found me in los angeles . 
 they had fought , both convinced that the queen had sent each of them to kill me . 
 but there had been something personal about that fight . 
 i could n't remember what they had said to each other that made me think they had some kind of bad history , but i had felt it . 
 the looks they gave each other now confirmed that i was missing something . 
 some disagreement , or challenge , or even grudge between these two men . 
 not good . 
 rhys came up the slope of the rock , dripping like wet ivory . 
 he stopped short of us all , as if he also sensed , or saw , the tension . 
 what do you do when you 're naked with one lover , and another lover is standing there ? 
 sholto was not my king , or husband . 
 i took my hand from him and offered it to doyle . 
 doyle hesitated a moment , his gaze on his rival and not on me . 
 then those black eyes moved to me . 
 his expression never truly changed , but some breath of harshness left him . 
 or perhaps some touch of gentleness returned to him . 
 there was movement behind him , and frost and mistral struggled up the slope . 
 they were dressed , and weapons bulged everywhere . 
 frost actually caught mistral 's arm as the other man slipped . 
 the clothes and weapons had slowed them down . 
 now they stood there , frost 's hand on mistral 's arm . 
 mistral was almost on his knees , from his slip , but they had frozen , staring at us . 
 they had n't just caught a whiff of tension . 
 their reaction said clearly that there was bad blood between sholto and doyle . 
 doyle took my hand in his . 
 the moment he touched me the tightness in my chest , which i had n't even known was there , loosened . 
 he lifted me upward , off the other man . 
 sholto 's hands , all of his body , let me go with such reluctance . 
 the sensation of him drawing out of deep within my body shivered through me . 
 only doyle 's grip kept my knees from buckling . 
 sholto raised his arms to help catch me , his hands on my thighs . 
 doyle pulled me in against his body , half lifting me over sholto 's body . 
 sholto let me go ; otherwise it would have been like a tug-of-war , not seemly behavior for a king . 
 i stood there wrapped in doyle 's arms , staring up at his face , trying to decipher what he was thinking . 
 around me the tiny plants unfurled tiny leaves , and the world suddenly smelled of thyme , that sweet , green herb scent that sholto had said he sensed when i was smelling roses . 
 the delicate herbs tickled along my foot , as if reminding me that there were some things more important than love . 
 staring up into doyle 's face , i was n't sure that was right . 
 in that moment i wanted him happy . 
 i wanted him to know that i wanted him happy . 
 i wanted to explain that sholto had been lovely , and the power had been immense , but that in the end , he meant nothing to me , not when i had doyle 's arms around me . 
 but you ca n't say that out loud , not with the other man lying behind you . 
 so many hearts to juggle , including my own . 
 the herbs touched me again , wound around my ankle . 
 i glanced down at the greenery , and thought of my favorite thymes . 
 my gran had grown them in the herb garden behind the house where my father raised me - so many varieties . 
 lemon thyme , silver thyme , golden thyme . 
 at that thought , the plants around my ankle were suddenly tinged with yellow . 
 some of the leaves on some of the plants turned silver , others became pale yellow , and some that bright sunny yellow . 
 there was a scent of faint lemon on the air , as if i had crushed one of the pale yellow leaves between my fingertips . 
 `` what did you do ? '' 
 doyle whispered , his deep voice thrumming along my spine so that i shivered against him . 
 my voice was soft , as if i did n't want to say it too loudly : `` i just thought that there is more than one kind of thyme . '' 
 `` and the plants changed , '' he said . 
 i nodded , staring at them . 
 `` i did n't say it out loud , doyle . 
 i only thought it . '' 
 he hugged me . 
 `` i know . '' 
 mistral and frost were with rhys now . 
 they did not approach us , and again i was n't sure why . 
 they waited , as if they needed permission to come closer - the way they would have waited to approach queen andais . 
 i thought it was me they waited on , but i should have known better . 
 sholto said behind me , `` the sidhe do not usually stand on ceremony , but if you need permission , then i give it . 
 come closer . '' 
 mistral said , `` if you could see yourself , king sholto , you would not ask why we stand on ceremony . '' 
 the comment made me look back at sholto . 
 he was sitting up , but where he had been lying was an outline of herbs . 
 peppermint , basil - as i recognized them , i smelled their perfumes . 
 but the herbs spreading out from where he had lain , where we had lain , was n't what made the men stop . 
 sholto was wearing a crown ; a crown of herbs . 
 even as we watched , the delicate plants wove like living fingers through his hair , creating a wreath of thyme and mint . 
 only the most delicate of the plants , entwining themselves as we watched . 
 he raised a hand , and the moving plants touched his fingers as they had touched my ankle . 
 i was wearing an anklet of living thyme , gold-flecked leaves , smelling of green life and lemons . 
 the tendril wrapped around his fingers like a happy pet . 
 he lowered his hand and stared at it . 
 the plant wove itself into a ring as we watched - a ring that bloomed on his hand , the delicate spray of white blossoms more precious than any jewel . 
 then his crown burst into bloom , shades of white , blue , lavender . 
 finally , the blooms spread across the island , so that the ground was nearly solid with tiny , airy flowers , moving not in a breeze - for there was none - but nodding as if the flowers were speaking to one another . 
 `` a crown of flowers is not a crown for the king of the sluagh ! '' 
 agnes shouted , harsh , from the shore . 
 she was on hands and knees , hidden completely under her black cloak . 
 i saw the flash of her eyes , as if there was a glow to them ; then she lowered her head , hiding from the light . 
 she was a night-hag . 
 they did n't travel at noon . 
 ivar spoke , but i could n't see him . 
 `` sholto , king , we can not approach you in this burning light . '' 
 his uncles were half-goblin - which , depending on the type of goblin , might make sunlight a problem . 
 but they were also half-night-flyer , and that definitely made sunlight a problem . 
 `` i would that you could come to me , uncles , '' sholto said . 
 doyle 's arms tightened around me , a warning . 
 `` be careful what you say , sholto ; you do not understand the power of the words of someone whom faerie itself has crowned . '' 
 `` i do not need advice from you , darkness , '' sholto said , and again there was bitterness in his voice . 
 the sunlight faded , and a soft twilight began to fall . 
 there was the sound of splashing , then ivar and fyfe came up upon the island . 
 they were nude except for enough clothing to hold their weapons . 
 they fell to one knee before him , heads bowed . 
 `` king sholto , '' ivar said , `` we thank you for sending the light away . '' 
 sholto said , `` i did n't ... '' `` you are crowned by faerie , '' doyle said again . 
 `` your words , perhaps even your thoughts , will shape what will happen this night . '' 
 i said , `` i thought - only thought - that there is more than one variety of thyme , and it changed the herbs . 
 what i thought about became real , sholto . '' 
 agnes called from the shore , `` you have freed us from the light , king sholto . 
 you have given us back the lost lake and the island of bones . 
 will you stop there , or will you give us back our power ? 
 will you remake the sluagh while the magic of creation still burns through you , or will you hesitate and lose this chance to bring us back into ourselves ? '' 
 `` the hag is right , your highness , '' fyfe said . 
 `` you have brought us back the magic of making , wild magic , creation magic . 
 will you use it for us ? '' 
 in the dying light i watched sholto lick his lips . 
 `` what would you have of me ? '' 
 he asked carefully . 
 i heard in his voice what was beginning to be in my mind , a touch of fear . 
 you could police your words , but policing your own thoughts - that was harder , so much harder . 
 `` call the wild magic , '' ivar said . 
 `` it is here already , '' doyle said , `` can you not feel it ? '' 
 his heart sped under my cheek . 
 i was n't sure i understood exactly what was happening , but doyle seemed both frightened and excited . 
 even his body was beginning to react , pressed against the front of mine . 
 the two kneeling figures looked at doyle . 
 `` do not look to darkness , '' sholto said . 
 `` i am king here . '' 
 they looked back at him , and bowed again . 
 `` you are our king , '' said ivar . 
 `` but there are places we can not follow you . 
 if the wild magic is real again , then you have two choices , king of ours : you can remake us into a thing of flowered crowns and noonday suns , or you can call the old magic , and remake us into what we once were . '' 
 `` darkness is right , '' fyfe said . 
 `` i can feel it like a growing weight inside me . 
 you can change us into what she wants us to be '' - he pointed at me - `` or you can give us back what we have lost . '' 
 sholto then asked something that made me think even better of him than i already did . 
 `` what would you have of me , uncles , what would you have me do ? '' 
 they glanced first at him , then at each other , then carefully down at the ground again . 
 `` we want to be what we once were . 
 we want to hunt as we once did . 
 give us back what has been lost , sholto . '' 
 ivar held out his hand toward his king . 
 `` do not remake us in the sidhe bitch 's image , '' agnes yelled from the shore . 
 it was a mistake . 
 sholto yelled back at her , `` i am king here . 
 i rule here . 
 i thought you loved me once . 
 but i know now that you only raised me to take the throne because you wished to sit upon it . 
 you can not rule , but you thought you could rule through me . 
 you and your sisters thought to make me your puppet . '' 
 he stood and screamed at her . 
 `` i am no one 's puppet . 
 i am king sholto of the sluagh , i am the lord of that which passes between , lord of shadows . 
 long have i been lonely among my own people . 
 long have i wanted some to look as i do . '' 
 he slammed a hand into his chest . 
 it made a thick , meaty sound . 
 `` now you tell me i have the power to do just that . 
 you have envied the sidhe their smooth skin , their beauty that turns my head . 
 so have what you envy . '' 
 a wail came from agnes , but it was too dark to see what was happening on the shore . 
 she screamed , a horrible sound - a sound of loss , and pain , as if whatever was happening to her hurt . 
 i heard sholto say , softly , `` agnes . '' 
 the sound in that one word let me know that he was n't so terribly certain of what he wanted , or what he had done . 
 what had he done ? 
 his uncles abased themselves , faces pressed to the herbs . 
 `` please , king sholto , we beg you , do not remake us into sidhe . 
 do not make us only lesser versions of the unseelie . 
 we are sluagh , and that is a proud thing . 
 would you strip us of all that we have kept over the years ? '' 
 `` no , '' sholto said , and there was no anger in his voice now . 
 the screams from the shore had taken away his anger . 
 he understood now how dangerous he was in this moment . 
 `` i want the sluagh to be powerful again . 
 i want us to be a force to be reckoned with , negotiated with . 
 i want us to be a fearsome thing . '' 
 i spoke before i could think : `` not just fearsome , surely . '' 
 `` i want us to have a terrible beauty then , '' he said , and it was as if the world held its breath , as if the whole of faerie had been waiting for him to say those words . 
 i felt it in the pit of my stomach like the chime of a great bell . 
 it was a beautiful sound , but so large , so heavy , that it could crush you with the music of its voice . 
 `` what have you done ? '' 
 doyle asked , and i was n't sure whom he had asked it of . 
 sholto answered him . 
 `` what i had to do . '' 
 he stood there , stark and pale in the growing dark . 
 the tattoo of his tentacles glowed as if outlined with phosphorus . 
 the flowers of his crown looked ghostly pale , and i thought they would have attracted honeybees , if it had not been dark . 
 bees are not nighttime creatures . 
 the darkness began to lighten . 
 `` what did you just think of ? '' 
 doyle asked . 
 `` that if the sunlight had remained , there would have been bees to feed on the flowers . '' 
 `` no , it will be night here , '' sholto said , and the darkness began to thicken again . 
 i tried for a more neutral thought . 
 what could come to his flowers in the dark ? 
 moths appeared among the flowers , small ones , ones to match the moth on my stomach . 
 small flashes of light showed above the island , as if jewels had been thrown into the air . 
 fireflies , dozens of them , so that they actually glowed enough to drive back some of the dark . 
 `` did you call them ? '' 
 sholto said . 
 `` yes , '' i said . 
 `` you raised the wild magic together , '' ivar said . 
 `` she is not sluagh , '' fyfe said . 
 `` but she is queen to his king for tonight ; the magic is hers , as well , '' ivar said . 
 `` will you fight me for the heart of my people , meredith ? '' 
 sholto said . 
 `` i will try not to , '' i said softly . 
 `` i rule here , meredith , not you . '' 
 `` i do not want to take your throne , sholto . 
 but i ca n't help being what i am . '' 
 `` what are you ? '' 
 `` i am sidhe . '' 
 `` then if you are sidhe and not sluagh , run . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 i asked , trying to move a little away from doyle and closer to sholto . 
 doyle held me tight and would n't let me do it . 
 `` run , '' sholto said again . 
 `` why ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i am going to call the wild hunt , meredith . 
 if you are not sluagh , then you will be prey . '' 
 `` no , sholto ! 
 let us take the princess to safety first , i beg this of you , '' doyle said urgently . 
 `` the darkness does not usually beg . 
 i am flattered , but if she can call back the sun to drive away the night , i must call the hunt now . 
 she must be the prey . 
 you know that . '' 
 i was startled . 
 was this the same man who had refused to sacrifice me just moments ago ? 
 who had looked on me with such tenderness ? 
 the magic was indeed working powerfully in him , to make this change . 
 rhys 's voice came , cautious : `` you wear a crown of flowers , king sholto . 
 are you so certain that the wild hunt will recognize you as sluagh ? '' 
 `` i am their king . '' 
 `` you look sidhe enough to be welcome in the queen 's bed right now , '' rhys said . 
 sholto touched his flat stomach with its healed flesh and tattoo . 
 he hesitated , then shook his head . 
 `` i will call the wild magic . 
 i will call the hunt . 
 if they see me as prey and not as sluagh , then so be it . '' 
 he smiled , and even in the uncertain light it did n't look particularly happy . 
 he laughed , and the night echoed with it . 
 there was the call of some sweet-voiced bird , sleepy from the distant shore . 
 sholto spoke again . 
 `` it is a long tradition among us , lord rhys , to slay our kings to bring back life to the land . 
 if by my life , or my death , i can bring my people back to their power , i will do it . '' 
 `` sholto , '' i said , `` do n't . 
 do n't say that . '' 
 `` it is done , '' he said . 
 doyle started moving us toward the other side of the island . 
 `` short of killing him , we can not stop him , '' he told me . 
 `` you both reek of the oldest of magicks . 
 i am not certain that he can be killed right now . '' 
 `` we need to leave then , '' rhys said . 
 abeloec was finally pulling himself up on the shore . 
 he still had his cup in his hand , and it seemed as if the weight of it had kept him from coming sooner . 
 `` do n't tell me i have to get back in the lake , '' he said . 
 `` if she 's touched with the magic of creation , let her create a bridge . '' 
 i did n't wait . 
 i said , `` i want a bridge to the shore . '' 
 a graceful white bridge appeared , just like that . 
 `` cool , '' rhys said . 
 `` let 's go . '' 
 sholto spoke in a ringing voice . 
 `` i call the wild hunt , by herne and huntsman , by horn and hound , by wind and storm , and wreck of winter , i call us home . '' 
 the dark near the roof of the cavern split open as if someone had cut it with a knife . 
 it split open and things boiled out of it . 
 we made the far shore , but i tripped on a skeleton buried in the ground . 
 doyle picked me up and kept running . 
 gunshots echoed , and i saw frost firing at agnes as she threw herself on top of him . 
 i had a glimpse of her face ; something was wrong with it , as if her bones were sliding around under her skin . 
 i screamed , `` frost , '' as a glint of metal showed in her hand . 
 more shots sounded . 
 mistral was beside frost , blades flashing . 
 `` doyle , stop ! '' 
 i shouted . 
 he ignored me , and kept running with me in his arms . 
 abe and rhys were with him . 
 `` we ca n't leave frost behind ! '' 
 i said . 
 doyle said , `` we can not risk you , not for anyone . '' 
 `` call a door , '' abe said . 
 doyle glanced behind us , but not at mistral and frost 's fight with the night-hag . 
 he glanced higher than that . 
 it made me look up , too . 
 at first my eyes perceived clouds , black and grey rolling clouds , or smoke - but that was only my mind trying to make sense of it . 
 i thought i had seen all the sluagh had to offer , but i was wrong . 
 what was pouring down toward the island where sholto stood was nothing my mind could accept . 
 when i worked for the investigative agency ... sometimes at a crime scene - if it 's bad enough - sometimes your mind refuses to make an image out of it . 
 it 's just a jumble . 
 your mind gives you a moment to not see this horrible thing . 
 if you have the chance to close your eyes and not look a second time , you can save yourself . 
 this horror will not go into your mind and stain your soul . 
 at most crime scenes i did n't have the choice of not seeing . 
 but this ; i looked away . 
 if we did n't get away , then i 'd have to look . 
 we had to get away . 
 doyle yelled , `` do n't look . 
 call the door . '' 
 i did what he asked . 
 `` i need a door to the unseelie sithen . '' 
 the door appeared , hanging in the middle of nowhere , just like before . 
 `` no doors , '' sholto screamed behind us . 
 the door vanished . 
 rhys cursed . 
 frost and mistral were with us now . 
 there was blood on their swords . 
 i glanced back at the shore , and saw agnes - a dark , still shape on the ground . 
 doyle started running again , and the others joined us . 
 `` call something else , '' abe said , near breathless trying to keep up with doyle 's pace . 
 `` and do it quietly , so sholto ca n't hear what you 're doing . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` you have the power of creation , '' he panted . 
 `` use it . '' 
 `` how ? '' 
 my brain was n't working under the pressure . 
 `` conjure something , '' he said , and stumbled , falling . 
 he rejoined us , blood pouring down his chest from a new cut . 
 `` let the ground be grass and gentle to our feet . '' 
 grass flowed at our feet like green water . 
 it did n't spread over everything like the herbs on the island . 
 the grass sprang up in a path where we ran , and nowhere else . 
 `` try something else , '' rhys said from the other side of us . 
 he was shorter than the rest , and his voice showed the strain of keeping up with the longer legs of the others . 
 what could i call from the ground , from the grass , that could save us ? 
 i thought it and had my answer ; one of the most magical of plants . 
 `` give me a field of four-leaf clover . '' 
 the grass spread out before us wide and smooth , then white clover began to grow through the grass , until we stood in the center of a field of it . 
 white globes of sweet-smelling flowers burst like stars across all the green . 
 doyle slowed , and the others slowed with him . 
 rhys said it out loud : `` not bad , not bad at all . 
 you think well in a crisis . '' 
 `` the wild hunt is of ill intent , '' frost said . 
 `` they should be stopped at the field 's edge . '' 
 doyle sat me down amid the ankle-high clover . 
 the plants brushed against me as if they were little hands . 
 `` four-leaf clover is the most powerful plant protection from faerie , '' i said . 
 `` aye , '' abe said , `` but some of what is coming does not have to walk , princess . '' 
 `` make us a roof , meredith , '' doyle said . 
 `` a roof of what ? '' 
 `` rowan , thorn , and ash , '' frost said . 
 `` of course , '' i said . 
 anywhere that the three trees grew together was a magical place - a place both of protection and of a weakening in the reality between worlds . 
 such a place would save you from faerie , or call faerie to you - like so many things with us , there was never a yes , or no , but a yes , a no , and a sometimes . 
 the earth underneath us trembled as if an earthquake were coming ; then the trees blasted out of the ground , showering rock and dirt and clover over us . 
 the trees stretched to the sky with a sound like a storm or a train , barreling down , but with a scream of wood to it . 
 it was like nothing i 'd ever heard before . 
 while the trees knit themselves together above our heads , i looked back . 
 i could not help it . 
 sholto was covered in the nightmares he had called . 
 tentacles writhed ; bits and pieces that i had no word for flowed and struck . 
 there were teeth everywhere , as if wind could be made solid and given fangs to tear and destroy . 
 sholto 's uncles attacked the creatures with blade and muscle , but they were losing . 
 losing , but fighting hard enough that they had given us time to make our sanctuary . 
 frost moved to stand so that his broad chest blocked my view . 
 `` it is not good to gaze too long upon them . '' 
 there was a bloody furrow down one side of his face , as if agnes had tried to claw his eyes out . 
 i made as if to touch the wound , and he pulled away , catching my hand in his . 
 `` i will heal . '' 
 he did n't want me to fuss over him in front of mistral . 
 if it had just been doyle and rhys , he might have allowed it . 
 but he would not have mistral see him weak . 
 i was n't sure how he felt about abe , but i knew he viewed mistral as a threat . 
 men do n't like to look weak in front of their rivals . 
 whatever i thought of mistral , that was how frost and doyle saw him . 
 i took frost 's hand and tried not to act concerned about his wounds . 
 `` he called the hunt . 
 why are they attacking him ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i warned him that he looked too sidhe , '' rhys said . 
 `` i was n't saying that just to stop him from doing something dangerous to us . '' 
 something warm dripped over my hand . 
 i looked down to find frost 's blood painting my skin . 
 i fought the spurt of panic and asked calmly , `` how badly are you hurt ? '' 
 the blood was coming steadily - not good . 
 `` i will heal , '' frost said , voice tight . 
 the trees closed overhead with a sound like the ocean waves rushing along a shore . 
 leaves tore and rained down on us as the branches wove a shield of leaves , thorns , and bright red berries above . 
 the shadow it cast made frost 's skin look grey for a moment , and it frightened me . 
 `` you heal gunshot wounds if the bullet goes through and through . 
 you heal nonmagical blades . 
 but black agnes was a night-hag and once a goddess . 
 is your wound of blade , or claw ? '' 
 frost tried to take his hand back , but i would n't let him . 
 unless he wanted to be appear undignified , he could n't break free . 
 our hands were covered in his blood , sticky and warm . 
 doyle was at frost 's side . 
 `` how badly are you hurt ? '' 
 `` we do not have time to tend my wounds , '' frost said . 
 he would n't look at doyle , or any of us . 
 he arranged his face in that arrogant mask , the one that made him impossibly handsome , and as cold as his namesake . 
 but the terrible wounds on the right side of that face ruined the mask . 
 it was like a chink in armor ; he could not hide behind it . 
 `` nor do we have time to lose my strong right arm , '' doyle said , `` not if there is time to save it . '' 
 frost looked at him , surprise showing through the mask . 
 i wondered if doyle had never , in all these long years , called frost the strong right arm of the darkness . 
 the look on his face suggested so . 
 and maybe it was as close as doyle would come to apologizing for abandoning him to the fight with agnes in order to save me . 
 had frost thought doyle left him behind on purpose ? 
 a world of emotion seemed to pass between the two men . 
 if they 'd been human men , they might have exchanged some profanity or sports metaphor , which is what seems to pass for terms of deepest affection between friends . 
 but they were who they were , and doyle said , simply , `` remove enough weapons so we can see the wound . '' 
 he smiled when he said it , because of all the guards frost would be the one carrying the most weapons , with mistral a distant second . 
 `` whatever you 're going to do , do it fast , '' rhys said . 
 we all looked at him , and then beyond him . 
 the air boiled black , grey , white , and horrible . 
 the hunt was coming toward us like a ribbon of nightmares . 
 it took my eyes a moment to find sholto on the island . 
 he was a small , pale figure running - running full out - with that sidhe swiftness . 
 but fast as he was , he would n't be fast enough - what chased him moved with the swiftness of birds , of wind , of water . 
 it was like trying to outrun the wind ; you just could n't do it . 
 doyle turned back to frost . 
 `` take off your jacket . 
 i 'll make a compress . 
 we 're not going to have time for more . '' 
 i glanced back toward the island . 
 sholto 's guards , his uncles , tried to buy him time . 
 they offered themselves as a sacrifice to slow the hunt . 
 it worked , for a while . 
 some of that fearful boil of shapes slowed and covered them . 
 i think i heard one of them scream over the high bird-like chittering of the creatures . 
 but most of the wild hunt stayed on target . 
 that target was sholto . 
 he crossed the bridge and kept running . 
 `` goddess help us , '' rhys said , `` he 's coming here . '' 
 `` he finally understands what he 's called into being , '' mistral said . 
 `` he runs in terror now . 
 he runs to the only sanctuary he can see . '' 
 `` we stand in the middle of four-leaf clovers , rowan , ash , and thorn . 
 the wild hunt can not touch us here , '' i said , but my voice was soft , and did n't hold the certainty i wished it had . 
 doyle had ripped frost 's shirt away and torn frost 's own jacket into pieces small enough to be used as compresses . 
 `` how bad is it ? '' 
 i asked . 
 doyle shook his head , pressing the cloth in an area that seemed to run under frost 's arm and into his shoulder . 
 `` get us out of here , meredith . 
 i will tend frost . 
 but only you can get us out . '' 
 `` the wild hunt will pass us by , '' i said . 
 `` we stand in the middle of things that they can not pass through . '' 
 `` if we were not its prey , then i would agree , '' doyle said . 
 he was trying to get frost to lie down on the clover , but the other man was arguing . 
 doyle pressed harder on the wound , which made frost draw a sharp breath . 
 he continued , `` but sholto told us to run , if we were sidhe . 
 he has conjured it to hunt us . '' 
 i started to turn away , but could n't quite tear my eyes from frost . 
 once he had been the killing frost : cold , frightening , arrogant , untouched , and untouchable . 
 now he was frost , and he was n't frightening , or cold , and i knew the touch of his body in almost every possible way . 
 i wanted to go to him , to hold his hand while doyle tended his wound . 
 `` merry , '' doyle said , `` if you do not get us out of here , frost will not be the only one hurt . '' 
 i caught frost 's gaze . 
 pain , i saw there , but also something hopeful , or good . 
 i think he liked that i was so worried about him . 
 `` get us out , merry , '' frost said between gritted teeth . 
 `` i am fine . '' 
 i did n't call him a liar , but i did turn away so i could n't watch . 
 it would have distracted me too much , and i did n't have time to be weak . 
 `` i need a door to the unseelie court . '' 
 i said it clearly , but nothing happened . 
 `` try again , '' rhys said . 
 i tried again , and again nothing happened . 
 `` sholto said no doors , '' mistral said . 
 `` apparently his word stands . '' 
 sholto 's feet had touched the edge of the field i 'd made . 
 he was only yards away from the first of the clover . 
 the air above him was thick with tentacles and mouths and claws . 
 i looked away from it , because i could n't think while i was staring into it . 
 `` call something else , '' abe said . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i asked . 
 it was rhys who said , `` where rowan , ash , and thorn grow close together , the veil between worlds is thinner . '' 
 i looked up at the circle of trees that i 'd called into being . 
 their branches had formed a lace of roof above us . 
 they still hushed and moved above us the way the roses in the unseelie court moved , as if they had more life than an ordinary tree . 
 i began to walk the inside of the circle of trees , searching not with my hands , but with that part of me that sensed magic . 
 most human psychics have to do something to get themselves in the mood for magic , but i had to shield constantly not to be overwhelmed by it . 
 especially in faerie - there was so much of it that it became like the engine noise of some great ship , and you ceased to `` hear '' it after a while , though it was always there thrumming along your skin , making your bones vibrate to its rhythm . 
 i reached out from behind those shields and searched for a place in the trees that felt ... thin . 
 i could n't look simply for magic ; there was too much of it around me . 
 too much power flowing toward us . 
 i needed to cast out for something more specific . 
 `` the clover has slowed them , '' mistral called . 
 this made me glance back , away from the trees . 
 the cloud of nightmares rolled above the clover like a pack of hounds that had lost the scent . 
 sholto just kept running , his hair flying behind him , the nude beauty of him beautiful in motion , like watching a horse run across a field . 
 it was a beauty that transcended sex ; simply beautiful for its own sake . 
 `` concentrate , merry , '' rhys said . 
 `` i 'll help you look for a door . '' 
 i nodded and went back to looking only at the trees . 
 they thrummed with power , inherently magical and invested with further power because they had been called into being by one of the oldest magicks . 
 rhys called from across the clearing . 
 `` here ! '' 
 i ran to him , the clover tapping at my legs and feet as if patting me with soft green hands . 
 i passed frost on the ground , where doyle sat holding his wound . 
 frost was hurt , very hurt , but there was no time to help - doyle would take care of him . 
 i had to take care of us all . 
 rhys was standing by a group of three of the trees that looked no different from the others , really . 
 but when i put my hand out toward them , it was as if reality had been rubbed thin here , like a good-luck penny rubbed in your pocket . 
 `` you feel it ? '' 
 rhys asked . 
 i nodded . 
 `` how do we open it ? '' 
 `` you just walk through , '' rhys said . 
 he looked back at the others . 
 `` everybody gather around . 
 we need to walk through together . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he grinned at me . 
 `` because naturally occurring doorways like this do n't lead to the same place every time . 
 it 'd be bad if we were separated . '' 
 `` bad 's one way of putting it , '' i said . 
 doyle had to help frost to his feet . 
 even so , he stumbled . 
 abe came and offered his shoulder to lean on , still grasping the horn cup in one hand , as if it was the most important thing in the world . 
 it occurred to me then that the goddess 's chalice had gone back to wherever it went when it was n't mucking about with me . 
 i had never held on to it the way abe did with his , but then , i had been afraid of its power . 
 abe was n't afraid of his cup 's power ; he was afraid of losing it again . 
 mistral was backing toward us . 
 `` are we waiting for the lord of shadows or leaving him to his fate ? '' 
 it took me a second to realize he meant sholto . 
 i looked toward the lake . 
 sholto was almost here , almost to the tree line . 
 the sky behind him was totally black , as if the father of all storms was about to break , except that instead of lightning there were tentacles , and mouths that shrieked . 
 `` he can escape the same way , '' rhys said . 
 `` the door wo n't close behind us . '' 
 i looked at him . 
 `` do n't we want it to ? '' 
 `` i do n't know if we can close it , but if we can , merry , he would be trapped . '' 
 there was a very serious look in his one eye - a measuring look . 
 it was the look that i was beginning to dread from all the men . 
 a look that said : the decision is yours . 
 could i leave sholto to die ? 
 he had called the wild hunt . 
 he 'd offered himself as prey . 
 he 'd trapped us here with his no doors . 
 did i owe him ? 
 i looked at what chased him . 
 `` i could n't leave anyone to that . '' 
 `` so be it , '' doyle said from beside me . 
 `` but we can go through ahead of him , '' mistral said . 
 `` we do n't have to wait . '' 
 `` you 're sure he 'll sense the door ? '' 
 i asked . 
 everyone answered at once . 
 mistral said , `` yes . '' 
 rhys said , `` probably . '' 
 doyle and frost said , `` i do not know . '' 
 abe just shrugged . 
 i shook my head and whispered , `` goddess guide me , but i ca n't leave him . 
 i can still taste his skin on my mouth . '' 
 i stepped in front of the men , closer to the farther edge of the trees . 
 i yelled , `` sholto , we 're leaving , hurry , hurry ! '' 
 he stumbled , fell in the clover , and rolled to his feet again in a blur of motion . 
 he dived through the trees , and i thought he 'd made it , but something long and white whipped around his ankle just before it cleared the magical circle . 
 it caught him in that instant when his body was airborne , not touching the clover , not inside the trees . 
 the tentacle tried to lift him skyward , but his hands reached desperately for the trees . 
 he caught a limb with his hands , and he was left suspended , feet above the ground . 
 i was running forward before i had time to think . 
 i do n't know what i planned to do when i got there , but i did n't have to worry , because a blur of movement rushed past me . 
 mistral and doyle were there before me . 
 doyle had frost 's sword in his hands . 
 he leapt into the air in an impossibly graceful arc , and cut the tentacle in two . 
 i smelled ozone a second before lightning crashed from mistral 's hand . 
 the lightning hit the cloud and seemed to bounce from one creature to another , illuminating them . 
 it was too much light . 
 i screamed and covered my eyes , but it was as if the images were carved inside my lids . 
 strong hands were on mine , pulling my hands away from my eyes . 
 i kept my eyes tight shut , and doyle 's deep voice came . 
 `` clawing your eyes out wo n't help , meredith . 
 it 's inside you now . 
 you ca n't unsee it . '' 
 i opened my mouth and screamed . 
 i screamed and screamed and screamed . 
 doyle picked me up in his arms and started running toward the others . 
 i knew mistral and sholto were behind us . 
 whimpers replaced my screams - i have no words for what i 'd seen . 
 they were things that should not have been . 
 things that could not have been alive , but they had moved . 
 i had seen them . 
 if i had been alone , i would have fallen to the ground and shrieked until the wild hunt caught me . 
 instead i clung to doyle and buried my nose and mouth against the curve of his neck , keeping my eyes fixed on the clover , and the trees , and my men . 
 i wanted to replace the images that were burned inside me - it was as if i had to clean my eyes of the sight of the hunt . 
 i breathed in the scent of doyle 's neck , his hair , and it helped calm me . 
 he was real , and solid , and i was safe in his arms . 
 rhys moved to help abe with frost . 
 doyle still had frost 's sword naked and bloody in his hand , held away from me . 
 the blood smelled the way all blood smells : red , slightly metallic , sweet . 
 if these creatures bled real blood , then they could n't be what i had seen ; they were n't nightmares . 
 what i had seen in that lightning-kissed moment was nothing that would ever bleed real blood . 
 there was a marked car and several unmarked cars sitting there . 
 inside , cops and fbi stared at us , eyes wide . 
 we had simply appeared out of thin air ; i guess it was worth a stare or two . 
 `` how are we going to explain this ? '' 
 rhys asked softly . 
 the car doors started opening . 
 police of all flavors poured out into the cold . 
 then there was wind at our backs ... warm wind , and a sound like birds , if birds could be too large , and too frightening for words . 
 `` oh , god , '' rhys said , `` they 're coming through . '' 
 `` mistral , sholto , hold the door closed if you can . 
 give us time , '' doyle said . 
 mistral and sholto turned to face that warm , seeking wind . 
 doyle ran toward the cars ; i was still in his arms . 
 the others followed , though frost 's wounds caused him to follow slowly behind us . 
 the police were calling to us . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 `` is the princess hurt ? '' 
 `` stay in your cars and you 'll be safe , '' doyle yelled . 
 the closest car held two dark-suited men . 
 one was young and dark , the other older and balding . 
 `` charles , fbi , '' the younger one said . 
 `` you do n't give us orders . '' 
 `` if the princess is in danger , i can , by your own laws , '' said doyle . 
 the older one said , `` special agent bancroft , what 's happening ? 
 that 's not geese i 'm hearing . '' 
 a uniform that was st. louis city , one illinois state trooper , and a local precinct cop joined us . 
 apparently , when the rest of the police went away after we 'd last dealt with them here , they 'd left a little bit of everybody behind . 
 no one wanted to be left out , i guess . 
 `` if you all stay in your cars , you will be safe , '' doyle repeated . 
 one of the younger uniforms said , `` we 're cops . 
 we 're not paid to be safe . '' 
 `` spoken like someone who is not even close to his pension , '' another officer said , one with more weight around his middle . 
 `` jesus , '' one of them said . 
 i did n't have to glance back , for now frost had caught up with us . 
 he 'd bled all over rhys , so that it looked like rhys was hurt worse . 
 abe was still bleeding from falling among the bones . 
 one of the uniforms touched his shoulder radio and started requesting an ambulance . 
 doyle yelled above the growing sound of wind and birds , `` there is no time . 
 they will be upon us in moments . '' 
 `` who ? '' 
 bancroft asked . 
 doyle shook his head and moved around the agent . 
 he laid me in the passenger seat of the car , then opened the backseat door , saying , `` put frost inside , rhys . '' 
 `` i will not leave you , '' frost said . 
 the men laid him in the seat even as he protested . 
 doyle grabbed frost 's shoulder and said , `` if i die , if all of us die , if the others are gone into the ground for good , then you must survive . 
 you must take her back to los angeles and not return . '' 
 i started to get out of the car then . 
 `` i wo n't leave you . '' 
 doyle pushed me back into the seat . 
 he knelt down and gave me the full weight of his dark eyes . 
 `` meredith , merry , we can not win this fight . 
 unless help arrives , we will all die . 
 you have never seen this wild hunt , but i have . 
 we will give them sidhe to hunt , and they will ignore this car . 
 you and frost will be safe . '' 
 i gripped his arms , so smooth , so muscled , so solid . 
 `` i wo n't leave you . '' 
 `` nor i , '' frost said , struggling to sit up in the backseat . 
 `` frost , '' doyle almost yelled it , `` i do not trust anyone but you and me to keep her safe . 
 if it is not to be me , then it must be you . '' 
 bancroft said , `` get in and drive , charlie . '' 
 the younger agent did n't argue this time ; he got behind the wheel . 
 i was still holding on to doyle , shaking my head over and over . 
 one of the other cops had gotten a first-aid kit out of the car . 
 bancroft took it and crawled into the back with frost . 
 `` no , '' i said to doyle . 
 `` i am princess here , not you . '' 
 `` your duty is to live , '' doyle said . 
 i shook my head . 
 `` if you die , i 'm not sure i want to . '' 
 he kissed me then , hard and fierce . 
 i tried to melt into that kiss , but he tore himself away and slammed the door in my face . 
 the doors locked . 
 i glanced at the agent , who said , `` we have to get you to safety , princess . '' 
 `` unlock the door , '' i demanded . 
 he ignored me and started the engine , hit the gas . 
 just then wind slammed into the car , so hard that it skidded the vehicle to the side . 
 charlie fought to keep the car in the parking lot and out of the trees . 
 `` drive , '' bancroft yelled , `` drive like a son of a bitch ! '' 
 i looked then , because i had to . 
 the wild hunt had broken through , and it was like the moment in the cave - as if the darkness had split open and was spilling out nightmares . 
 but the nightmares were even more solid now . 
 or maybe , now that i 'd seen them , i could n't unsee them . 
 a coat flew over my face , and i was left scrambling at it . 
 `` do n't look , merry , '' frost said , his voice choked , `` do n't look . '' 
 `` put on the coat , princess , '' bancroft said . 
 `` we 'll get you to the hospital . '' 
 i held the coat in my arms , but turned to look back . 
 frost 's hand grabbed my shoulder , pressing me against the seat . 
 `` merry , please , do n't make doyle 's sacrifice in vain . '' 
 i touched his hand , pressed it against me , and there was more blood on it . 
 `` how can i let them drive us to safety and not fight it ? '' 
 `` you must . 
 i am too hurt to help , and you are too fragile . 
 i would willingly die with them , but you must not die . '' 
 agent charlie had us on the narrow road , driving a little too fast for the darkness and the snow . 
 he hit ice and skidded . 
 `` slow down or you 're going to put us in a ditch , '' bancroft said . 
 `` and you , frost , right , you need to lie back and let me finish putting pressure on this wound . 
 you bleed to death and you ca n't keep the princess safe . '' 
 `` did you see it ? '' 
 charlie said as he slowed down . 
 `` did you see it ? '' 
 `` i saw it , '' bancroft said in a strained voice . 
 he pulled on frost . 
 `` let me take care of the wound like your captain ordered . '' 
 frost let go of me , slowly , his hand pulling away . 
 i started drawing the trench coat over me . 
 i did n't know whose coat it was , but i was cold . 
 cold in a way that the coat would n't help , yet it was all i had . 
 agent charlie slowed at a sharp turn , and i caught a glimpse of something in the trees . 
 it was n't the wild hunt , and it was n't our men . 
 `` stop , '' i said . 
 he slowed further , almost stopped . 
 `` what ? 
 what is it ? '' 
 i saw them in the trees : goblins . 
 goblins walking in single file , cloaked for the cold , bristling with weapons in the cold light of the moon . 
 they were walking away from the fight , though some of them glanced back . 
 that was enough to tell me they knew what was happening , and they were leaving my men to die . 
 `` drive , '' bancroft said . 
 `` stop , '' i ordered . 
 agent charlie ignored me . 
 the car picked up speed . 
 `` stop , '' i repeated . 
 `` there are goblins out there . 
 they can tip the balance . 
 they can save my men . '' 
 `` we 're doing what your guard demanded , '' bancroft said . 
 `` we 're going to a hospital . '' 
 i had to stop the car . 
 i had to talk to the goblins - they were my allies . 
 they had to help , if i asked it , or be forsworn . 
 i reached over , touched the agent 's face , and thought about sex . 
 i 'd never done this to a human before , never used that part of my heritage for evil . 
 and it was evil - i did n't know him , did n't want him , but i made him want me . 
 the agent slammed on the brakes , throwing me into the dash , and throwing the men in the back into the floorboards . 
 bancroft yelled , `` what the hell are you doing ? '' 
 agent charlie threw the car into park , skewing halfway across the road . 
 he unbuckled his seat belt , pulled me toward him , and started trying to kiss me , his hands everywhere . 
 i did n't care , as long as the car was stopped . 
 bancroft came over the seat . 
 `` charlie , for god 's sake , charlie . 
 stop ! '' 
 i took advantage of the fight to reach across and unlock the door while the men fought almost on top of me . 
 i opened the door and fell backward into the road . 
 charlie tried to crawl after me . 
 bancroft slid over the seat and on top of his partner . 
 i got to my feet on the icy road , huddling under the coat . 
 the goblins were there in the dark , just outside the headlight beams . 
 two faces looked at me , two nearly identical faces : ash and holly . 
 the wind blew their yellow hair from their hoods . 
 i could n't tell which twin was which in the uncertain light - the only difference was eye color . 
 `` hail , goblins , '' i called . 
 one of them touched the other and nodded toward the dark . 
 they began to turn and leave . 
 i yelled , `` i call on you as allies . 
 to deny me is to be forsworn . 
 the wild hunt is abroad , and oathbreakers are sweet meat to them . '' 
 the twins turned back to us , and the goblins who were only dark shapes behind them shifted in the dimness . 
 `` we did not make this oath , '' one of them called . 
 `` kurag , goblin king , did , and you are his people . 
 do you call your king a liar ? 
 are you king now among the goblins , holly ? '' 
 i had taken a chance on that . 
 i was n't certain which brother it was , but i 'd guessed based on the fact that holly had the worse attitude of the two . 
 he bowed his head in acknowledgment . 
 `` the princess sees well in the dark . '' 
 `` she merely has good ears , '' his brother said . 
 `` you complain more . '' 
 ash started down the side of the road , ignoring my plea , and some of the others followed . 
 most stayed in the shadows along the road 's edge . 
 there had to be nearly twenty of them . 
 it was enough to make a difference , enough , maybe , to save ... my men . 
 i heard a car door open behind me . 
 frost crawled out and fell into the snow and ice of the road . 
 i went to him but kept my gaze on the goblins . 
 `` this is not our fight , '' holly said . 
 `` i need your help as my allies ; that makes it your fight , '' i said . 
 `` or have the goblins lost their taste for battle ? '' 
 `` you do not battle the wild hunt , princess . 
 you run from it , you join it , you hide from it . 
 but you do n't fight it , '' ash said . 
 i could see his green eyes now . 
 his hood framed a face as handsome as any at the unseelie court , golden-haired ; only the pure , pupil-less green of his eyes and a bulkier body under the cloak betrayed his mixed heritage . 
 `` will you be forsworn ? '' 
 i asked . 
 i clung to frost 's hand in the snow . 
 `` no , '' ash said . 
 but he was not happy about it . 
 `` we came out to see what the fuss was , '' one of the other goblins said , `` not get ourselves killed for a bunch of sidhe . '' 
 the goblin was almost twice as broad as any sidhe . 
 he turned into the light a face that was covered in hard , round bumps . 
 `` get a good look , princess . '' 
 he threw back his cloak so i could see more of him . 
 his arms were as covered as his face in bumps and growths , marks of beauty among the goblins . 
 but these bumps were pastel colors - pink , lavender , mint green - not a skin tone that the goblins could boast . 
 `` that 's right , i 'm half sidhe , '' he said . 
 `` just like them , but i 'm not so pretty , am i ? '' 
 `` by goblin standards you are the more handsome , '' i said . 
 he blinked eyes that bulged slightly from his face . 
 `` but you do n't judge by goblin standards , do you , princess ? '' 
 `` i ask as your ally for your aid . 
 i ask as a blood-oathed ally to your king that the goblins aid me . 
 call kurag and summon more goblins . '' 
 `` why do n't you call the sidhe ? '' 
 the bumpy goblin asked . 
 truth was , i was n't certain there was anyone left who would risk themselves against the great hunt for me . 
 nor was i sure whether the queen would let them . 
 she had been so unhappy with me when last we met . 
 `` are you saying that a goblin is a lesser warrior than a sidhe ? '' 
 i asked , avoiding the question . 
 `` no one is a greater warrior than the goblins , '' he said . 
 ash said , `` you do n't know if the sidhe will come . '' 
 i was out of time to prevaricate further . 
 `` no , i do n't , '' i admitted . 
 `` aid me , ash , help me , as my ally , help us . '' 
 `` beg , '' holly said , `` beg for our aid . '' 
 `` the goblins seek to delay , '' frost said , voice hoarse , `` they seek to delay until the fight is over . 
 cowards ! '' 
 i gazed up at the three tall goblins , and the others waiting in the shadows . 
 i did the only thing i could think of . 
 i searched frost until i found a gun . 
 i pulled it free of the holster and got to my feet . 
 bancroft had finally handcuffed his partner to the steering wheel , though agent charlie was still trying to get free and get to me . 
 bancroft joined us in the snow . 
 `` what are you going to do , princess ? '' 
 `` i 'm going to go back and fight . '' 
 i hoped that in the face of my determination , the goblins could do naught but join . 
 `` no , '' bancroft said , and started to reach across frost toward me . 
 i pointed the gun at him and clicked off the safety . 
 `` i have no quarrel with you , agent bancroft . '' 
 he had gone very still . 
 `` glad to hear it . 
 now give me the gun . '' 
 i started to back away from him . 
 `` i 'm going back to help my men . '' 
 `` she 's bluffing , '' the warty goblin said . 
 `` no , '' frost said , `` she 's not . '' 
 he struggled to his feet , then fell back into the snow . 
 `` merry ! '' 
 `` bancroft , get him to the hospital . '' 
 i aimed the gun skyward and started running back the way we 'd come . 
 i tried to think of summer 's heat . 
 tried to bring the idea of warmth to my shields , but all i could feel was the ice under my feet . 
 if i was human enough to get frostbite , i 'd lose feeling soon . 
 ash and holly came up beside me , one on either side . 
 they loped along while i ran my fastest . 
 they could have outdistanced me and gotten to the fight sooner , but they 'd only obey the letter of our agreement . 
 if i fought and asked for help , then they had to help me , but they did n't have to get to the fight one second before i did . 
 i prayed , `` goddess , help me and my allies to arrive in time to save my people . '' 
 i felt someone pounding up behind us , but did not glance back - it was just one of the larger goblins . 
 then hands , silver-grey in the moonlight . 
 before i knew it i was cradled against a chest almost as wide as i was tall . 
 jonty , the red cap , was ten feet of goblin muscle . 
 he glanced down at me with eyes that in good light would be as red as if he looked at the world through a spill of fresh blood . 
 his eyes were a match for holly 's . 
 it had made me wonder if the goblin half of the twins was a red cap . 
 the blood that dripped continuously from the cap on his head shone in the light . 
 little drops of it were flung behind him as he picked up speed and raced toward the fight . 
 the red caps had earned their name by dipping their caps in the blood of enemies . 
 once , to be warlord among them you had to have enough magic to keep the blood dripping indefinitely . 
 jonty was the only red cap i 'd ever met who could do the trick , though he was n't a warlord , because the red caps were no longer a kingdom unto themselves . 
 ash and holly were forced to stretch to keep up with the much bigger man ; jonty was a small giant even among them . 
 they had been in charge of this expedition , but goblins are a tough lot . 
 if they let jonty reach the fight first - if they showed themselves weaker , slower , than him - then they might not be in charge at the end of the night . 
 goblin society is survival of the fittest . 
 i cradled the gun carefully , pointing it away from jonty . 
 no one got ahead of us - no one else had the length of leg - and the others were fighting just to keep pace . 
 such a big creature , but he ran with the grace and speed of something lithe and beautiful . 
 i asked him , `` why help me ? '' 
 in his deep voice , like gravel , he said , `` i swore a personal oath to protect you . 
 i will not be forsworn . '' 
 he leaned over me , so that a drop of that magical blood fell upon my face . 
 he whispered , `` the goddess and god still speak to me . '' 
 i whispered back , `` you heard my prayer . '' 
 the sky boiled with storm clouds over the small woods that bordered the parking lot . 
 the wild hunt was n't a tentacled nightmare anymore . 
 it looked like a storm , if storms could hover against the tops of trees and drape like black silk dripping between the trunks . 
 lightning flashed from the ground into the clouds - mistral was still alive and fighting back . 
 who else ? 
 green flame flickered through the trees , and something hard and tight in my chest eased - that flame was doyle 's hand of power . 
 he was alive as well . 
 in that moment nothing else really mattered to me . 
 not crown , not kingdom , not faerie itself ; nothing mattered except that doyle was alive and not so hurt he could not fight . 
 ash and holly put on a burst of speed so that they were ahead of jonty and me as we neared the open area closest the trees . 
 there was n't enough cover to hide anything in the open field , until from thin shadows , goblins appeared . 
 they did n't materialize , but emerged like a sniper hidden in his gillie suit in the field - except that the only camouflage the goblins had was their own skin and clothes . 
 ash had called kurag , goblin king , as we ran to this place . 
 to do so , he had bared his sword and put a hand on my shoulder to come away with blood to smear upon the blade . 
 blood and blade : old magic that worked long before cell phones were a dream in a human 's mind . 
 personally i would n't have wanted to run on the icy road with a bared blade . 
 but ash was n't human , and he made it all look easy . 
 ash and his brother ran ahead of jonty - whoever got to the rendezvous first would lead the goblins without argument . 
 but i did n't care - as long as we saved my men , i did n't care who led . 
 i would have followed anyone in that moment to save them . 
 one of the brothers fell to talking with the waiting force . 
 it was n't until the other brother got close enough for his eyes to flash crimson that i knew it was holly come back to jonty and me . 
 holly was struggling to breathe normally . 
 outrunning someone whose legs were almost as tall as he was took more effort than was pretty , even for a warrior as formidable as he . 
 his voice held only a hint of the breathlessness that made his shoulders and chest rise and fall so rapidly . 
 `` the archers will be ready in moments . 
 we need the princess . '' 
 `` i am not much of an archer , '' i said , still cradled in the heat of jonty 's body , and the blood . 
 the blood that flowed from his cap down to my body was warm . 
 warm as if it spilled from a freshly opened wound . 
 holly gave me a look that appeared irritated even in the forgiving glow of moonlight . 
 `` you carry the hand of blood , '' he said . 
 he let that anger that was always just below the surface for him fall into his voice . 
 i nearly asked what that had to do with archers . 
 but the moment before i said it , i did know . 
 `` oh , '' i said . 
 `` unless kitto exaggerated what you did in los angeles to the nameless , '' holly added . 
 i shook my head , the warm blood creeping down my neck between my skin and the borrowed trench coat . 
 the blood should have been disturbing , but it was n't - it felt like a warm blanket on a cold night : comforting . 
 `` no , kitto did n't exaggerate , '' i said . 
 i did n't like that kitto had borne tales to the goblins , but forced myself to accept that he was half theirs and still had to answer to their king . 
 he 'd probably had little choice in what he told them . 
 `` the full hand of blood , '' holly said , and his voice was n't so much angry as skeptical . 
 `` hard to believe it lies in such a fragile creature . '' 
 `` look at my cap , if you doubt her power , '' jonty rumbled . 
 holly gazed upward , but his eyes did n't stay on the cap long . 
 his gaze slid down to me , and something in that look was both sexual and predatory . 
 i could feel the blood plastering the back of my hair , my shoulders , arms ; i must have looked like an accident victim . 
 most men would have found it frightening , but holly looked at me as if i 'd covered myself with perfume and lingerie . 
 one man 's nightmare , another 's fantasy . 
 he reached a hand up , tentatively , as if he thought either jonty or i would protest . 
 when we did n't , he touched my shoulder . 
 i think he meant to merely get a touch of blood on his fingers , but the moment his fingers brushed me , a look of wonder came over his face . 
 he leaned in toward me , the wonder being eaten by something that was part desire , and part violence . 
 `` what have you been doing , princess , to feel like this ? '' 
 `` i do n't know what you 're feeling , so i do n't know how to answer . '' 
 my voice was small . 
 of all the men i 'd agreed to have sex with , holly and his brother were the ones who gave me the most pause . 
 jonty 's arms tightened around me , almost possessively . 
 that was both good and bad . 
 if all of jonty was in proportion , then i could not satisfy him and live to tell the tale . 
 but it was hard to tell with the red cap ; his possessiveness might have had nothing to do with sex , and everything to do with the blood magic . 
 holly drew his hand from my shoulder . 
 he began to lick the blood from his hand like a cat that has dipped its paw in your glass of milk . 
 his eyes fluttered closed as he licked . 
 `` she calls your blood , '' he said , in a low voice better suited for a bedroom than a battlefield . 
 `` yes , '' jonty said , and that one word from him had the same overly intimate tone . 
 i was missing something , but did not want to admit that i did n't know what was happening , or why they were so fascinated with the fact that touching me made the red cap bleed more . 
 at a loss , i changed the subject . 
 `` if you want me to call blood from our enemies , we need to get closer to the archers . '' 
 i fought to keep my voice matter-of-fact , as if i knew exactly what was happening and either did n't care or took it completely in stride . 
 `` and who will hold you while you call blood , so those dainty feet do not touch the cold ground ? '' 
 holly said . 
 `` i will stand on my own . '' 
 `` i will hold you , '' jonty said . 
 `` you are a goblin , jonty . 
 goblins fight among themselves as sport , which means it is likely there is at least a nick somewhere on your body . 
 if you have a wound , even a small one , when i call blood , i will bleed you , too . '' 
 `` i am no red cap to brawl for the sake of brawling . 
 i save my flesh for other things , '' holly said . 
 he licked the last of the blood from his hand in a long smooth movement that should have been sensual , but managed to be mostly just unnerving . 
 `` i will stand on my own , '' i repeated . 
 `` your brother waves to get our attention , '' jonty said then to holly , and moved forward . 
 holly hesitated , as if he would block our way , but then moved aside , speaking as jonty passed him . 
 `` i will see you survive this night , princess , for i mean to have you . '' 
 `` i remember our bargain , holly , '' i called back . 
 the smaller goblin hurried to keep up with jonty 's longer strides . 
 it was like a child running after an adult , though holly would n't have thanked me for the comparison . 
 `` i hear reluctance in your voice , princess , and the sex will be all the sweeter for it . '' 
 `` do not torment her on the edge of battle , holly , '' jonty said . 
 holly did n't argue ; he just abandoned the topic for the time being . 
 `` the archers will cut them for you , but you have to weaken them enough to bring them down , '' he said to me . 
 `` i know what you want me to do . '' 
 `` you do n't sound certain . '' 
 i did n't voice my doubts , but this was a wild hunt . 
 a true wild hunt , which meant it was the essence of faerie . 
 the creatures could bleed , but how do you kill something that is formed of pure magic ? 
 this was ancient magic , chaos magic , primeval and horrible . 
 how do you kill such things ? 
 even if i bled them enough to bring them to earth , could they be truly slain by blade and ax ? 
 i had never heard of anyone fighting and winning against such a hunt . 
 of course , i had never heard that the spectral hunts could bleed if cut . 
 sholto had called this one into being , using magic that he and i had raised as a couple . 
 was it my mortal blood that had made the hunt vulnerable to bleeding ? 
 was my mortality truly contagious , as some of my enemies claimed ? 
 the arrows cut the night sky like black wounds across the stars , vanishing into the boiling black silk of the clouds . 
 we waited in the winter night for screams to let us know the bolts had found their mark , but there was nothing but silence . 
 i stood on the ground , pulling the borrowed trench coat around me . 
 i stood on holly 's cloak , which he had thrown on the ground to keep my bare feet from the rough ground and the cold . 
 `` the cloak gets in the way of my ax , '' he 'd said , as if he were afraid that i might think he was being gentlemanly . 
 then he moved forward to be with his brother and the other warriors . 
 only jonty and one other red cap stayed back with me , though every red cap who had come out tonight - a dozen of them - had touched me before they went to take their place in the ranks . 
 they had laid their mouths , in a strange sort of kiss , against my shoulder where the coat hung heavy with blood from jonty 's cap . 
 one had caught the coat in his pointed teeth and torn it before jonty had slapped him away . 
 the ones who came after had widened the hole until the lips of the last few touched my bare shoulder where the blood had begun to dry to my skin . 
 i had neither offered the red caps the familiarity , nor been asked ; jonty had called them , and spoken in a gaelic so old that i could not follow it . 
 whatever jonty had said to them had turned their faces to me , and the look in their eyes was that odd mix of sex , hunger , and eagerness that i 'd seen in holly . 
 i had n't understood the look - and had n't had time to question it - but because it cost me nothing to have their lips pressed to my shoulder , i allowed it . 
 then i noticed that each of the red caps who touched me began bleeding afresh after touching jonty 's blood on my body . 
 i was fighting an urge to scream my impatience at them , but the red caps were n't the ones delaying ; the other goblins squabbled about who would go where . 
 if kurag , goblin king , had come , there would have been no arguments , but ash and holly , though feared warriors , were not kings , and all other leadership among the goblins is a constant state of struggle . 
 the goblin society represented the ultimate in darwinian evolution : only the strongest survive , and only the very strongest lead . 
 if i had been truly queen enough to lead them , they would have done what i ordered , but i did n't have their respect yet , so i knew better than to try to lead here . 
 it would have undermined ash and holly , and gained me nothing . 
 besides , battlefield tactics was n't my strongest suit , and i knew that . 
 my father had drilled into me from an early age to know my strengths and weaknesses . 
 find allies who complement you , he 'd said . 
 true friendship is a type of love , and all love has power . 
 jonty leaned over me and said , `` call your hand of power , princess . '' 
 `` how do you know they are hurt ? '' 
 `` we are goblins , '' he said , as if that settled it . 
 another line of green flame flickered through the trees , and i was close enough now to see the black tendrils back away from it . 
 i did n't argue again , but called the hand of blood . 
 i concentrated on my left hand . 
 it did n't emit a beam of power , or anything like you see in the movies ; it was simply that the mark , or key , to the hand of blood lay in the palm of my left hand . 
 or maybe doorway was a better term . 
 i opened the mark in the palm of that hand , and though there was nothing to see with the naked eye , there was plenty to feel . 
 it was as if the blood in my veins had suddenly turned to molten metal . 
 my blood tried to boil with the power of it . 
 i screamed , and thrust my hand toward the cloud . 
 i projected that burning , tearing power outward . 
 i realized in that moment that it was n't just the archers who were shooting blind - i had never before tried to use the hand of blood on a target i could not see . 
 for a heartbeat the power turned back on me , and every small scrape i 'd accumulated in the past twenty-four hours bled . 
 each tiny wound bled like a fountain , and i fought my body , fought my own magic to keep it from destroying me . 
 lightning struck the cloud , and illuminated it , as it had inside the sluagh 's mound . 
 but i was n't horrified this time , i was joyous ; a fierce triumphant joy . 
 if i could see it , i could make it bleed . 
 i had the blink of an eye to spot my targets . 
 a breath to see that the tentacled mass was white and silver and gold , not the black and grey and white it had been . 
 i had an instant to note that the hunt had a terrible beauty before i thrust my power toward that shining mass and screamed , `` bleed ! '' 
 green flame climbed up the trees and lightning flared behind it so that both powers met mine in the cloud at the same instant . 
 the cloud flashed green in reflected color . 
 i called for blood and black fountains of it exploded into the green-yellow flare . 
 the light died , leaving the night blacker than before . 
 my night vision had been ruined from staring into the light . 
 something spattered against the left side of my face , something that felt wet , but carried no shock of temperature difference . 
 only two things feel like that : water at body temperature , and very fresh blood . 
 if i had been a warrior , i would have whirled , gun up , but i turned slowly , like a character in a horror movie who does n't really want to see the blow before it falls . 
 all that met my eyes was the shortest of my red cap guards , bithek . 
 someone had sliced open his scalp to spill blood in a gory mask down his face , so that even his eyes were lost to the dark flow of it . 
 then he shook his head like a wet dog , spattering me with warm drops . 
 i closed my eyes , put up a protecting hand . 
 jonty 's chided bithek . 
 `` you 're wasting the blood . '' 
 `` but so much , ca n't keep it out of my eyes . 
 i 'd forgotten that it was ever like this , '' bithek growled . 
 i looked behind me at jonty and found him as bloody as the other guard . 
 it made me look around at all of them . 
 they were all covered in blood , but even by moonlight and starlight , i could see now that the blood welled from the caps on their heads . 
 `` your magic brings our blood , princess , '' jonty said . 
 `` i do n't understand ... '' `` make them bleed for us , '' the last red cap said . 
 i looked at him . 
 `` i ca n't remember your name , '' i said . 
 `` for this magic , i would follow you nameless , princess meredith . 
 bleed our enemies , and cover us in their blood . '' 
 i turned away from the red caps . 
 i did n't understand completely , but trusted . 
 one mystery at a time - later , later i would unravel it all . 
 even facing away from the red caps , i could still feel them . 
 it was as if their power complemented mine , fed it . 
 no ; our powers fed each other ; they were like a warm battery at my back , comforting , energizing . 
 i threw that warmth , that weight of power against our enemies . 
 i called their blood by the flash of lightning and the flicker of green-gold flame . 
 i called their blood and knew that the red caps at my back bled with them . 
 i could feel it . 
 the ones who waited ahead of us bled , too . 
 a goblin came running toward us in a blurring speed that would have done any sidhe proud . 
 he was no taller than me , but had four arms to my two , and a face that was noseless and strangely unfinished . 
 he dropped to his knees , and would not meet my eyes . 
 he actually put two of his arms on the ground and abased himself - striking , because in goblin society the lower you go , the more respect you feel for the person you 're addressing . 
 i did n't usually get that kind of greeting from anybody . 
 he said , `` a message from ash and holly : '' ` aim your magic better , princess , before you bleed us all to death . ' '' 
 now i understood why he was abasing himself - he had been afraid i 'd take the message badly . 
 `` tell them i 'll aim better , '' i said wryly . 
 he ducked his head , bumping his forehead to the earth , then sprang to his feet and raced back the way he had come . 
 i drew my magic back , swallowed the hand of blood . 
 the pain was instantaneous , grinding , and sharp , like broken glass flowing through my veins . 
 i screamed my pain , wordlessly , but kept the magic inside me . 
 i fought to visualize the creatures inside the cloud . 
 tentacles , veined with silver and gold , white and pure , muscled magic . 
 i fell to my knees with the pain . 
 jonty reached for me , and i hissed , `` no , do n't touch me . '' 
 the magic wanted to bleed someone , anyone , and his touch would make him the target . 
 i closed my eyes so i could mentally draw the picture of what i sought . 
 when i could see it , shining and writhing across the inside of my eyes , i reached my left hand out again , and threw that broken-glass pain into the image . 
 my pain intensified for a shining , breathless moment - all there was in that second was the pain , so much pain . 
 then it eased , and i could breathe again ... and i knew the hand of blood was busy elsewhere . 
 i kept my eyes closed so nothing else could catch my eye . 
 i was afraid that if i saw the goblin warriors again , i 'd bleed them by accident . 
 i knew what i wanted to bleed , and that was above their heads in the sky . 
 i thought about all the beautiful things that could have flown above their heads . 
 did it have to be frightening ? 
 there was such beauty in faerie , why did it have to be nightmarish ? 
 i heard the sound of wings whistling overhead , and opened my eyes . 
 i 'd fallen to the ground on top of ash 's cloak , though i did n't remember falling . 
 above us , so close that the great white wings brushed jonty 's head , were swans . 
 swans gleaming white in the moonlight : there had to be more than twenty of them , and had i seen what i thought i saw on their necks and shoulders ? 
 chains and collars of gold ? 
 it could n't be - this was the stuff of legends . 
 it was the nameless red cap who voiced my thought : `` they had chains on their necks . '' 
 i heard the wild call of geese next . 
 they flew just overhead , following the line the swans had taken . 
 i got to my feet , stumbling on the edge of the borrowed trench coat . 
 jonty caught me , but it did n't seem to hurt him or me . 
 i felt light and airy , as if the hand of blood had become something else . 
 what had i been thinking just before the swans flew overhead ? 
 that the beauty in faerie was too often nightmarish ? 
 there was a flight of cranes then : my father 's bird , one of his symbols . 
 the cranes flew low and seemed to dip their wings at us , almost in a salute . 
 `` they fall ! '' 
 shouted bithek . 
 i looked where he pointed . 
 the storm cloud had vanished , and with it most of the creatures . 
 there had been so many , a writhing mass of them , but now there were only a few - less than ten , maybe - and one of them had already crashed through the trees . 
 a second fell earthward , and i heard the sharp crack of the trees breaking under the weight like a cannon shot , and men scattered , too far away for me to know who was who . 
 was doyle safe ? 
 was mistral ? 
 had the magic worked in time ? 
 inside my head , i could finally admit , it was doyle i most needed to survive . 
 i loved rhys , but not like i loved doyle . 
 i let myself own that . 
 i let myself admit , at least inside my own head , that if doyle died , part of me would die as well . 
 it had been the moment at the car , when he 'd shoved frost and me inside and given me to frost . 
 `` if not me , it must be you , '' he 'd said to frost . 
 i loved frost , too , but i 'd had my revelation . 
 if i could have chosen my king this moment , i knew who it would be . 
 pity that i was n't the one doing the choosing . 
 figures started toward us , and the goblins parted to form a corridor for my guards . 
 when i finally recognized that tall , dark figure , something in my chest eased , and i was suddenly crying . 
 i started walking toward him , then . 
 i did n't feel the frozen grass under my bare feet . 
 i did n't feel when broken stubble cut me . 
 then i was running , with the red caps jogging beside me . 
 i picked up the edges of the borrowed coat like a dress , and held it out of my way so i could run to him . 
 doyle was n't alone ; dogs , huge black dogs milled around his legs . 
 suddenly i remembered a vision i 'd had of him with dogs like this , and the ground tilted under my feet , vision and reality melding before my eyes . 
 the dogs reached me first , pressing warm muscled fur against me where i knelt , their great panting breath hot on my face as i held my hands out to touch them . 
 their black fur ran with a tingling rush of magic . 
 the bodies writhed under my hand , the fur growing less coarse , smoothing , the bodies less dense . 
 i looked up into the face of a racing hound , white and sleek , with ears a shining red . 
 the other hound 's face was half red and half white , as if some hand had drawn a line down the center of it . 
 i 'd never seen anything so beautiful as that face . 
 then doyle was standing in front of me , and i threw myself into his arms . 
 he lifted me off the ground and hugged me so hard it almost hurt . 
 but i wanted him to hold me hard . 
 i wanted to feel the reality of his body against me . 
 i wanted to know he was alive . 
 i needed to touch him to know it was true . 
 i needed him to touch me , and let me know that he was still my darkness , still my doyle . 
 he whispered into my hair , `` merry , merry , merry . '' 
 everyone lived , even the human policemen , though some were driven mad by what they had seen . 
 abeloec fed them from his cup of horn and they fell into a magical sleep , destined to wake with no memory of the horrors they had seen . 
 magic is n't always bad . 
 the black dogs were a miracle : they changed depending on who touched them . 
 abe 's touch turned the great black dogs into lapdogs to lie before a cozy fire , white with red markings - faerie dogs . 
 mistral 's touch turned them to huge irish wolfhounds , not the pale , slender ones of today , but the giants that the romans had feared so much - these were the hounds that could snap the spine of a horse with their bite . 
 someone else 's touch turned a dog into a green-furred cu sith that loped off toward the seelie mound . 
 what would their king , taranis , think of its return ? 
 he 'd probably try to take credit for it , claim it as proof of his power . 
 in the midst of the return of so much that was lost , other things much more precious were returned to me . 
 galen 's voice shouting my name turned me in doyle 's arms . 
 he was running across the snowy field with flowers following in his wake , as if wherever he stepped , spring returned . 
 all the rest who had vanished into the dead gardens were with him . 
 nicca appeared with a following of the winged demifey . 
 amatheon was there with the tattoo of a plow gleaming like neon blood on his chest . 
 i saw hawthorne , his dark hair starred with living blossoms . 
 adair 's hair burned around him like a halo of fire , so bright it obscured his face as he moved . 
 aisling walked in a cloud of singing birds . 
 he was nude , except for a piece of black gauze that he 'd wrapped around his face . 
 onilwyn was the only one who did not come . 
 i thought the garden had kept him , until i heard another voice shrieking my name in the distance . 
 then i heard onilwyn 's frantic cry : `` no , my lord , no ! '' 
 `` it can not be , '' i whispered , looking up at doyle , watching fear cross his face , too . 
 `` it is he , '' nicca said . 
 galen wrapped himself around me as if i were the last solid thing in the world . 
 doyle moved so he could embrace me as well . 
 `` it 's my fault , '' galen whispered , `` i did n't mean to do it . '' 
 aisling spoke , and the flock of birds sang as if they were moved to joy by the sound of his voice . 
 `` we reemerged in the hallway of mortality . '' 
 `` major magic does n't work there ; that 's why we 're all so helpless to stop the torture , '' rhys said . 
 `` we came out of the walls and floors - and trees and flowers , and shining marble came with us , '' aisling said . 
 `` the hallway is forever changed . '' 
 galen started to shake , and i held him as hard as i could . 
 `` i was buried alive , '' he said . 
 `` i could n't breathe , i did n't need to breathe , but my body kept trying to do it . 
 i came up through the floor screaming . '' 
 he collapsed to his knees while i fought to hold him . 
 `` the queen was walling up nerys 's clan alive , '' amatheon said . 
 `` galen did not take well to that after his time in the earth . '' 
 galen shook as if he were having a fit , as if every muscle were fighting itself , as if he were cold , though fevered . 
 it was too much power and too much fear . 
 adair 's glow had dimmed enough so that i could see his eyes . 
 `` galen said ` no prisoners , no walls . ' 
 the walls melted away , and flowers sprang up in the cells . 
 he had n't understood how much power he had gained . '' 
 another shriek approached in the distance . 
 `` cousin ! '' 
 doyle said , `` galen 's exhortation , ` no prisoners , ' freed cel . '' 
 galen started to cry . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' he said . 
 `` onilwyn and the queen herself - and some of her guard - are wrestling cel even now , '' hawthorne said , `` or he would be here already , trying to harm the princess . '' 
 `` he is quite mad , '' aisling said , `` and he is intent on hurting all of us . 
 but most especially you , princess . '' 
 `` the queen told us to run back to the western lands . 
 she 's hoping he 'll grow more calm with time , '' hawthorne said . 
 even by starlight , he looked doubtful . 
 `` she has admitted before her nobles that she can not guarantee your safety , '' aisling said . 
 `` we should flee , if we are going to , '' hawthorne said . 
 i realized what he meant . 
 if cel attacked me now , here , like this , we would be within our rights to kill him , if we could . 
 my guards were sworn to protect , and cel was no match for the strength and magic that stood with me now . 
 not alone , he was n't . 
 `` if i thought the queen would allow his death to go unpunished , i would say , stay , fight , '' doyle said . 
 one of the great black mastiffs nudged galen . 
 he reached for it , almost automatically , and it changed before my eyes . 
 it became a sleek white hound with one red ear . 
 it licked the tears from galen 's face and he stared at it in wonder , as if he had n't seen the dogs until that moment . 
 then came cel 's voice , broken , almost unrecognizable . 
 `` merry ! '' 
 his screams broke off abruptly . 
 the silence was almost more frightening than the shouting , and my heart was suddenly pounding hard in my chest . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 i called out . 
 andais walked over the rise of the last gentle hill , following galen 's trail of flowers . 
 she was alone , save for her consort , eamon . 
 they were almost the same height , their long black hair streaming out behind them in a wind that came from nowhere . 
 andais was dressed as if she were going to a halloween ball - and you were meant to fear her beauty . 
 eamon 's clothes were more sedate , and also all black . 
 the fact that andais arrived with only him at her side meant she did n't want extra witnesses . 
 eamon was the only one who knew all her secrets . 
 `` cel will sleep for a time , '' she called , as if in answer to a question we had n't asked . 
 galen fought to stand while i steadied him . 
 doyle moved a little in front of me . 
 some of the others did , too . 
 the rest looked behind us into the night , as if they suspected their queen of treachery . 
 eamon might be on my side some of the time - he might even hate cel - but he would never go against his queen . 
 andais and eamon stopped far enough away that they were out of easy weapon range . 
 the goblins watched them , and us , from a tight huddled knot , as if they were n't sure whose side they were on . 
 i did n't blame them , for i 'd be going back to l.a. and they would be staying here . 
 i could force kurag , their king , to lend me warriors , but i could n't expect his men to follow me into exile . 
 `` meredith , niece of mine , child of my brother essus , greetings . '' 
 she 'd chosen a greeting that acknowledged i was her bloodline . 
 she was trying to be reassuring ; she was just so bad at it . 
 i stepped forward until she could see me , but not beyond the protective circle of the men . 
 `` queen andais , aunt of mine , sister of my father , essus , greetings . '' 
 `` you must go back to the western lands tonight , meredith , '' said andais . 
 `` yes , '' i answered . 
 andais looked at the hounds that still milled among the men . 
 rhys finally let himself touch them , and they became terriers of breeds long forgotten , some white and red , others a good solid black and tan . 
 the queen tried to call one of the dogs to her . 
 the big mastiffs were what the humans called hell hounds , though they had nothing to do with the christian devil . 
 the big black dogs would have matched the queen 's costume , but they ignored her . 
 these wish hounds , the hounds of faerie , would not go to the hand of the queen of air and darkness . 
 had i been her , i would have knelt in the snow and coaxed them , but andais did not kneel to anyone , or anything . 
 she stood straight and beautiful , and colder than the snow around her feet . 
 two other hounds had come to my hands , and they now bumped against me on either side , leaning in to be petted . 
 i did it , because in faerie , we touch someone when they ask . 
 the moment i stroked that silken fur , i felt better : braver , more confident , a little less afraid of what was about to happen . 
 `` dogs , meredith ? 
 could n't you return our horses to us , or our cattle , instead ? '' 
 `` there were pigs in my vision , '' i said . 
 `` not dogs , '' she said , her voice matter-of-fact , as if nothing special had happened . 
 `` i saw dogs in a different vision , when i was still in the western lands . '' 
 `` true vision then , '' she said , her voice still bland and faintly condescending . 
 `` apparently so , '' i said , ruffling the ear of the taller of the hounds . 
 `` you must leave now , meredith , and take this wild magic with you . '' 
 `` wild magic is not so easily tamed , aunt andais , '' i said . 
 `` i will take back with me what will go , but some of it is flying free , even as we speak . '' 
 `` i saw the swans , '' andais said , `` but no crows . 
 you are so terribly seelie . '' 
 `` the seelie would say otherwise , '' i said . 
 `` go , go back to where you came from . 
 take your guards and your magic , and leave me the wreck of my son . '' 
 it was tantamount to admitting that if cel fought me tonight , he would die . 
 `` i will go only if i can take all the guards who would come with me . '' 
 i said it as firmly and bravely as i could . 
 `` you can not have mistral , '' she said . 
 i fought not to look for him at my back , fought not to see his big hands touching the huge hounds that his caress had brought into being . 
 `` yes , i said . 
 i remember what you told me in the dead gardens : that i could not keep him . '' 
 `` you will not argue with me ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` would it do any good ? '' 
 the tiniest hint of anger seeped into my voice . 
 the hounds tucked themselves tighter against my legs , leaning in for all they were worth , as if they would remind me not to lose control . 
 `` the only thing that will call mistral from my side to yours in the western lands is if you come up pregnant . 
 if you become with child , i will have to let go of any who could be the father . '' 
 `` if i become with child , i will send word , '' i said , and fought to keep my voice even . 
 mistral was going to suffer for being with me , i could see it in her face , feel it in her voice . 
 `` i do not know what to wish for anymore , meredith . 
 your magic runs through my sithen , changing it into something bright and cheerful . 
 there is a field of flowers in my torture chamber . '' 
 `` what do you want me to say , aunt andais ? '' 
 `` i wanted the magic of faerie to be reborn , but you are not enough my brother 's daughter . 
 you will make of us only another seelie court to dance and parade before the human press . 
 you will make us beautiful , but destroy that which makes us different . '' 
 `` i would humbly disagree with that , '' said a voice from the crowd of my men . 
 sholto stepped forward . 
 his tattoo had become a nest of real tentacles again , glowing and pale , and strangely beautiful , like some underwater sea creature , some anemone or jellyfish . 
 it was the first time i 'd ever seen him display his extra bits with pride . 
 he stood tall with the spear and knife of bone in his hands ; at his side was a huge white hound with different red markings on each of its three heads . 
 sholto used the side of the hand that held the knife to rub the top of one of the huge heads . 
 sholto spoke again . 
 `` merry makes us beautiful , yes , my queen . 
 but the beauty is stranger than anything the seelie court would allow within their doors . '' 
 andais gazed at sholto , and for a moment i thought i saw regret . 
 sholto 's magic rode him , and power breathed off him into the night . 
 `` you had him , '' she said to me , simply . 
 `` yes , '' i said . 
 `` how was it ? '' 
 `` it was our coming together that raised the wild hunt . '' 
 she shivered , and there was a hunger on her face that frightened me . 
 `` amazing . 
 perhaps i will try him some night . '' 
 sholto spoke again . 
 `` there was a time , my queen , when the thought of a chance at your bed would have filled me with joy . 
 but i truly know now that i am king sholto of the sluagh , the lord of that which passes between , lord of shadows . 
 i will no longer take crumbs from the table of any sidhe . '' 
 she made a sharp sound , almost a hiss . 
 `` you must be an amazing bit of ass , meredith . 
 one fuck with you and they all turn against me . '' 
 to that , there was no safe answer , so i said nothing . 
 i stood in the midst of my men , with the weight and press of the hounds milling around us . 
 would she have been more aggressive if the dogs - war dogs , most of them - had not been there ? 
 was she afraid of the magic - or the more solid form the magic had taken ? 
 one of the small terriers growled , and it was like a signal to the others . 
 the night was suddenly thick with growls , a low chorus that shivered down my spine . 
 i petted the heads of those i could touch , hushing them . 
 the goddess had sent me guardians , i understood that now . 
 i thanked her for it . 
 `` cel 's guards who did not take oath to him - you promised they could go with me , '' i said . 
 `` i will not strip him of all signs of my favor , '' she answered , and her anger seemed to crackle on the cold air . 
 `` you gave your word , '' i insisted . 
 the dogs gave another low chorus of growls . 
 the terriers began to bark , as terriers will . 
 i realized in that moment that the wild hunt was not gone , only changed . 
 these were the hounds of the wild hunt . 
 these were the hounds of legend that hunted oathbreakers through the winter wood . 
 `` do not dare to threaten ! '' 
 said andais . 
 eamon touched her arm . 
 she jerked away from him , but seemed chastened . 
 the wild hunt had been a great leveler of the mighty . 
 once you became their prey , the hunt did not end until the quarry was dead . 
 `` i do not believe i am the huntsman , '' i said . 
 `` it would be a bad night , queen andais , to be an oathbreaker . '' 
 doyle 's deep molasses voice seemed to hang on the night , as if his words had more weight on the still , winter air than they should have . 
 `` are you the huntsman , darkness ? 
 would you punish me for breaking faith ? '' 
 `` it is wild magic , your majesty ; there is sometimes little choice when it fills you . 
 you become an instrument of the magic , and it uses you for its own ends . '' 
 `` magic is a tool to be wielded , not some force one allows oneself to be overcome by . '' 
 `` as you will , queen andais , but i ask that you do not test these hounds tonight . '' 
 somehow it seemed doyle was n't talking about just the dogs . 
 `` i will honor my word , '' she said in a voice that made it clear that she did so only because she had no choice . 
 she had never been a gracious loser , not in anything , large or small . 
 `` but you must leave now , meredith , this moment . '' 
 `` we need time to send for the other guards , '' i said . 
 `` i will bring all those who wish to come to you , meredith , '' sholto said . 
 i turned , and there was an assurance in him , a strength that had not been there before . 
 he stood there with his `` deformity '' plain to see . 
 he now made it seem just another part of him , though , a part that would have been as surely missed as an arm , or a leg if it were gone . 
 had being stripped of his extra bits made him realize he valued them ? 
 maybe . 
 it was his revelation , not mine . 
 `` you would side with her , '' andais said . 
 `` i am king of the sluagh ; i will see that an oath given and accepted is honored . 
 remember , queen andais , that the sluagh was the only wild hunt left in faerie until tonight . 
 and i am the huntsman of the sluagh . '' 
 she took a step toward him , as if in threat , but eamon pulled her back . 
 he whispered urgently against her cheek . 
 i could not hear what he said , but the tension left her body , until she allowed herself to lean back against him . 
 she let him hold her ; in the face of those who were not her friends , she let eamon 's arms hold her . 
 `` go , meredith , take all that is yours , and go . '' 
 her voice was almost neutral , almost free of that rage that always seemed to bubble just underneath her skin . 
 `` your majesty , '' rhys said , `` we can not go to the human airport like this . '' 
 his gesture seemed to note how many of the guards were naked , and bloody . 
 the terriers at his feet gave happy barks , as if it looked all right to them . 
 sholto spoke again . 
 `` i will take you to the edge of the western sea , just as i took the sluagh when we hunted meredith in los angeles . '' 
 i looked at him and shook my head . 
 `` i thought you came by plane . '' 
 he laughed , and it was a joyous sound . 
 `` did you picture the dark host of the sluagh on some human airplane sipping wine and ogling the flight attendants ? '' 
 i laughed with him . 
 `` i had n't thought about it that clearly . 
 you are the sluagh - i did n't question how you got to me . '' 
 `` i will walk the edge of the field where it touches the woods . 
 it is an in-between place , neither field nor forest . 
 i will walk , you will all follow , and we will be at the edge of the western sea , where it touches the shore . 
 i am the lord of the between places , meredith . '' 
 `` i did n't think any royals could still travel so far , '' rhys said . 
 `` i am the king of the sluagh , cromm cruach , master of the last wild hunt of faerie . 
 i have certain gifts . '' 
 `` indeed , '' the queen said , drily , `` use those gifts , shadowspawn , and take these rabble from my sight . '' 
 she 'd used the nickname that the sidhe called him behind his back , but that even she had never used to his face before . 
 `` your disdain can not touch me tonight , for i have seen wonders . '' 
 he held up the weapons of bone , as if she had missed them before . 
 `` i hold the bones of my people . 
 i know my worth . '' 
 if i 'd been closer to him i would have embraced him . 
 probably just as well that i was n't , as it might have ruined the power of the moment , but i promised myself to give him a hug the moment we had some privacy . 
 i loved seeing that he valued himself at last . 
 i heard a sound like the breaking of ice . 
 `` frost , '' i said . 
 `` we ca n't leave him behind . '' 
 `` did n't the fbi take him to the hospital ? '' 
 doyle asked . 
 i shook my head . 
 `` i do n't think so . '' 
 i looked out across the snow . 
 i could n't see anything , but ... i started moving , and the hounds followed at my side . 
 i started to run across the snow , and felt the first sharp pain in my cut feet . 
 i ignored it , and ran faster . 
 time and distance shortened - as they never before had outside the sithen . 
 one minute i was with the others , the next i was miles away , in the fields beside the road . 
 my twin hounds had stayed with me , and half a dozen of the black mastiffs were there , too . 
 frost lay in the snow , unmoving , as if he could n't feel the dogs snuffling at him or my hands turning him over . 
 the drifts underneath him were soaked with blood , and his eyes were closed . 
 his face was so cold . 
 i lowered my lips to his and whispered his name : `` frost , please , please , do n't leave me . '' 
 his body convulsed , and his breath rattled back into his chest . 
 death seemed to be reversed . 
 his eyes fluttered open , and he tried to reach for me , but his hand fell back into the snow , too weak . 
 i lifted his hand to my face and held it there . 
 i held his hand there while it grew warm against my skin . 
 i cried , and he found his voice , hoarse . 
 he whispered , `` the cold can not kill me . '' 
 `` oh , frost . '' 
 he raised his other hand and touched the tears on my face . 
 `` do not weep for me , merry . 
 you love me , i heard it . 
 i was leaving , but i heard your voice , and i could n't leave , not if you loved me . '' 
 i cradled his head in my lap and wept . 
 his other hand , the one that i was n't clutching , brushed the fur of one of the huge black dogs . 
 the dog stretched and grew tall and white . 
 a shining white stag stood over us . 
 it had a collar of holly , and looked like some yule card brought to life . 
 it pranced in the snow , then ran in a white blur across the snow until it was lost to sight . 
 `` what magic is abroad this night ? '' 
 frost whispered . 
 `` the magic that will take you home . '' 
 doyle spoke from behind us . 
 he fell to his knees in the snow beside frost , and took his hand . 
 `` the next time i send you to a hospital , you are to go . '' 
 frost managed a wan smile . 
 `` i could not leave her . '' 
 doyle nodded as if that made perfect sense . 
 `` i do n't think the magic will last until morning , '' rhys said . 
 they were all there , trailing behind , except mistral . 
 he was with the queen , i supposed . 
 i had n't even gotten to say good-bye . 
 `` but for tonight , '' rhys said , `` i am cromm cruach , and i can help . '' 
 he knelt on the other side of frost and laid hands on him , above where his clothing was black with blood . 
 rhys was suddenly formed of white light , not just his hands , but all of him glowing . 
 his hair moved in the wind of his own magic . 
 frost 's body jerked upward , leaving my lap and our hands . 
 he fell back against doyle and me , and said in a voice that was almost his own , `` that hurt . '' 
 `` sorry about that , '' said rhys , `` but i 'm not a healer , not really . 
 there is too much of death in my power to make it painless . '' 
 frost touched his own shoulder and chest , taking his hands from out of doyle 's and mine . 
 `` if you are not a healer , then why do i feel healed ? '' 
 `` old magic , '' rhys said . 
 `` the morning light will find this magic gone . '' 
 `` how can you be certain ? '' 
 doyle asked . 
 `` the voice of the god in my head tells me so . '' 
 no one questioned after that . 
 we just accepted it as true . 
 sholto led us to the edge of the field and forest . 
 the dogs moved around us , some choosing their masters , others making it plain that they did not belong to anyone here . 
 the ones that chose among us followed as sholto walked , but the other black dogs began to fall back and vanish into the night , as if we had imagined them . 
 the hound at my side bumped my hand for a pat , as if to remind me that it was real . 
 i was n't certain the hounds would stay , but they seemed magically to give each of us what we needed tonight . 
 galen walked surrounded by dogs , circled by sleek-looking greyhounds and a trio of small dogs dancing at his feet . 
 they made him smile , and helped chase the shadows from his face . 
 doyle moved in a circle of black dogs ; they fawned and capered about him like puppies . 
 the terriers followed rhys like a small army of fur . 
 frost held my hand over the back of the smallest of the greyhounds . 
 he had no dog at his side - only the white stag that had run into the night . 
 but he seemed perfectly content with my hand in his . 
 the air was warm , and i looked from frost 's face to sholto , and found that sholto was walking on sand . 
 one moment we were walking in snow-covered fields at the edge of the trees , and the next moment sand sucked at my feet . 
 water swirled over my bare toes , and the bite of salt let me know that i was bleeding . 
 i must have made some small sound , because frost picked me up . 
 i protested , but it did me no good . 
 the greyhounds stayed at his side , dancing around us , half afraid of the curl of ocean , and seemingly worried that they could n't stay in contact with me . 
 sholto led us up on dry land . 
 the three-headed dog and the bone weapons had vanished , but somehow i did n't think they were any more gone than the chalice was from me . 
 true magic can not be lost or stolen ; it can only be given away . 
 we stood in the darkness , hours before dawn . 
 i could hear the rushing of cars on the highway nearby . 
 we were hidden by cliffs , but that would change as the dawn grew near . 
 surfers and fishermen would come down to the sea , and we needed to be gone before then . 
 `` use glamour to hide your appearance , '' sholto said . 
 `` i have sent for taxis . 
 they will arrive very soon . '' 
 `` what magic is it , '' i asked , `` that lets you find taxis in l.a. at a moment 's notice ? '' 
 `` i am the lord of that which passes between , merry , and taxis are always going between one place and another . '' 
 it made perfect sense , but it made me smile all the same . 
 i reached for sholto , and frost let him take me , though not just with his arms . 
 the thick muscular tentacles wrapped around my body , the smaller ones playing along my thighs , somehow finding their way under the borrowed trench coat . 
 `` next time you are in my bed , i will not be half a man . '' 
 i kissed him , and whispered against his lips , `` if that was you as only half a man , king sholto , then i can hardly wait to have you in all your glory . '' 
 he laughed , that joyous sound that had brought the singing of birds in the sluagh 's dead garden . 
 i thought there would be no answer here , but suddenly over the sighing of surf came singing , one birdsong after another , sliding in joyous celebration in the dark . 
 it was a mockingbird , singing for sholto 's laughter . 
 we stood for a moment on the edge of the western sea with the mockingbird 's song pouring over us , as if happiness could have a sound . 
 sholto kissed me back , hard and thorough , leaving me breathless . 
 then he handed me back , not to frost , but to doyle . 
 `` i will return so i can bring the rest of the guards who wish to come into exile with you . '' 
 doyle cuddled me in against his body and said , `` beware the queen . '' 
 sholto nodded . 
 `` i will be wary . '' 
 he began to walk back the way we had come . 
 somewhere before he vanished from sight i saw the white shine of a dog at his side . 
 `` everybody remember that the glamour is supposed to hide the fact that we 're naked , and bloody , '' rhys said . 
 `` anyone who does n't have enough glamour to pull it off , stand next to someone who does . '' 
 `` yes , teacher , '' i said . 
 he grinned at me . 
 `` i can cause death with a touch and a word ; i can heal with my hands for tonight . 
 but damn , conjuring this many taxis out of thin air - now , that 's impressive . '' 
 we walked up to the line of waiting taxis , laughing . 
 the drivers all seemed a little puzzled to find themselves in the middle of nowhere , waiting beside an empty beach , but they let us get in . 
