 part one heir of the survivor i write these words in steel , for anything not set in metal can not be trusted . 
 1 the army crept like a dark stain across the horizon . 
 king elend venture stood motionless upon the luthadel city wall , looking out at the enemy troops . 
 around him , ash fell from the sky in fat , lazy flakes . 
 it was n't the burnt white ash that one saw in dead coals ; this was a deeper , harsher black ash . 
 the ashmounts had been particularly active lately . 
 elend felt the ash dust his face and clothing , but he ignored it . 
 in the distance , the bloody red sun was close to setting . 
 it backlit the army that had come to take elend 's kingdom from him . 
 `` how many ? '' 
 elend asked quietly . 
 `` fifty thousand , we think , '' ham said , leaning against the parapet , beefy arms folded on the stone . 
 like everything in the city , the wall had been stained black by countless years of ashfalls . 
 `` fifty thousand soldiers ... '' elend said , trailing off . 
 despite heavy recruitment , elend barely had twenty thousand men under his command-and they were peasants with less than a year of training . 
 maintaining even that small number was straining his resources . 
 if they 'd been able to find the lord ruler 's atium , perhaps things would be different . 
 as it was , elend 's rule was in serious danger of economic disaster . 
 `` what do you think ? '' 
 elend asked . 
 `` i do n't know , el , '' ham said quietly . 
 `` kelsier was always the one with the vision . '' 
 `` but you helped him plan , '' elend said . 
 `` you and the others , you were his crew . 
 you were the ones who came up with a strategy for overthrowing the empire , then made it happen . '' 
 ham fell silent , and elend felt as if he knew what the man was thinking . 
 kelsier was central to it all . 
 he was the one who organized , the one who took all of the wild brain-storming and turned it into a viable operation . 
 he was the leader . 
 the genius . 
 and he 'd died a year before , on the very same day that the people-as part of his secret plan-had risen up in fury to overthrow their god emperor . 
 elend had taken the throne in the ensuing chaos . 
 now it was looking more and more like he would lose everything that kelsier and his crew had worked so hard to accomplish . 
 lose it to a tyrant who might be even worse than the lord ruler . 
 a petty , devious bully in `` noble '' form . 
 the man who had marched his army on luthadel . 
 elend 's own father , straff venture . 
 `` any chance you can ... talk him out of attacking ? '' 
 ham asked . 
 `` maybe , '' elend said hesitantly . 
 `` assuming the assembly does n't just surrender the city . '' 
 `` they close ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , honestly . 
 i worry that they are . 
 that army has frightened them , ham . '' 
 and with good reason , he thought . 
 `` anyway , i have a proposal for the meeting in two days . 
 i 'll try to talk them out of doing anything rash . 
 dockson got back today , right ? '' 
 ham nodded . 
 `` just before the army 's advance . '' 
 `` i think we should call a meeting of the crew , '' elend said . 
 `` see if we can come up with a way out of this . '' 
 `` we 'll still be pretty shorthanded , '' ham said , rubbing his chin . 
 `` spook is n't supposed to be back for another week , and the lord ruler only knows where breeze went . 
 we have n't had a message from him in months . '' 
 elend sighed , shaking his head . 
 `` i ca n't think of anything else , ham . '' 
 he turned , staring out over the ashen landscape again . 
 the army was lighting campfires as the sun set . 
 soon , the mists would appear . 
 i need to get back to the palace and work on that proposal , elend thought . 
 `` where 'd vin run off to ? '' 
 ham asked , turning back to elend . 
 elend paused . 
 `` you know , '' he said , `` i 'm not sure . '' 
 vin landed softly on the damp cobblestones , watching as the mists began to form around her . 
 they puffed into existence as darkness fell , growing like tangles of translucent vines , twisting and wrapping around one another . 
 the great city of luthadel was still . 
 even now , a year after the lord ruler 's death and the rise of elend 's new free government , the common people stayed in their homes at night . 
 they feared the mists , a tradition that went far deeper than the lord ruler 's laws . 
 vin slipped forward quietly , senses alert . 
 inside herself , as always , she burned tin and pewter . 
 tin enhanced her senses , making it easier for her to see in the night . 
 pewter made her body stronger , made her lighter on her feet . 
 these , along with copper-which had the power to hide her use of allomancy from others who were burning bronze-were metals that she left on almost all the time . 
 some called her paranoid . 
 she thought herself prepared . 
 either way , the habit had saved her life on numerous occasions . 
 she approached a quiet street corner and paused , peeking out . 
 she 'd never really understood how she burned metals ; she could remember doing it for as long as she 'd been alive , using allomancy instinctively even before she was formally trained by kelsier . 
 it did n't really matter to her . 
 she was n't like elend ; she did n't need a logical explanation for everything . 
 for vin , it was enough that when she swallowed bits of metal , she was able to draw upon their power . 
 power she appreciated , for she well knew what it was like to lack it . 
 even now , she was not what one would likely envision as a warrior . 
 slight of frame and barely five feet tall , with dark hair and pale skin , she knew she had an almost frail look about her . 
 she no longer displayed the underfed look she had during her childhood on the streets , but she certainly was n't someone any man would find intimidating . 
 she liked that . 
 it gave her an edge-and she needed every edge she could get . 
 she also liked the night . 
 during the day , luthadel was cramped and confining despite its size . 
 but at night the mists fell like a deep cloud . 
 they dampened , softened , shaded . 
 massive keeps became shadowed mountains , and crowded tenements melted together like a chandler 's rejected wares . 
 vin crouched beside her building , still watching the intersection . 
 carefully , she reached within herself and burned steel-one of the other metals she 'd swallowed earlier . 
 immediately , a group of translucent blue lines sprang up around her . 
 visible only to her eyes , the lines pointed from her chest to nearby sources of metal-all metals , no matter what type . 
 the thickness of the lines was proportionate to the size of the metal pieces they met . 
 some pointed to bronze door latches , others to crude iron nails holding boards together . 
 she waited silently . 
 none of the lines moved . 
 burning steel was an easy way to tell if someone was moving nearby . 
 if they were wearing bits of metal , they would trail telltale moving lines of blue . 
 of course , that was n't the main purpose of steel . 
 vin reached her hand carefully into her belt pouch and pulled out one of the many coins that sat within , muffled by cloth batting . 
 like all other bits of metal , this coin had a blue line extending from its center to vin 's chest . 
 she flipped the coin into the air , then mentally grabbed its line and-burning steel-pushed on the coin . 
 the bit of metal shot into the air , arcing through the mists , forced away by the push . 
 it plinked to the ground in the middle of the street . 
 the mists continued to spin . 
 they were thick and mysterious , even to vin . 
 more dense than a simple fog and more constant than any normal weather pattern , they churned and flowed , making rivulets around her . 
 her eyes could pierce them ; tin made her sight more keen . 
 the night seemed lighter to her , the mists less thick . 
 yet , they were still there . 
 a shadow moved in the city square , responding to her coin-which she had pushed out into the square as a signal . 
 vin crept forward , and recognized oreseur the kandra . 
 he wore a different body than he had a year ago , during the days when he had acted the part of lord renoux . 
 yet , this balding , nondescript body had now become just as familiar to vin . 
 oreseur met up with her . 
 `` did you find what you were looking for , mistress ? '' 
 he asked , tone respectful-yet somehow still a little hostile . 
 as always . 
 vin shook her head , glancing around in the darkness . 
 `` maybe i was wrong , '' she said . 
 `` maybe i was n't being followed . '' 
 the acknowledgment made her a bit sad . 
 she 'd been looking forward to sparring with the watcher again tonight . 
 she still did n't even know who he was ; the first night , she 'd mistaken him for an assassin . 
 and maybe he was . 
 yet , he seemed to display very little interest in elend-and a whole lot of interest in vin . 
 `` we should go back to the wall , '' vin decided , standing up . 
 `` elend will be wondering where i went . '' 
 oreseur nodded . 
 at that moment , a burst of coins shot through the mists , spraying toward vin . 
 i have begun to wonder if i am the only sane man left . 
 can the others not see ? 
 they have been waiting so long for their hero to come-the one spoken of in terris prophecies-that they quickly jump between conclusions , presuming that each story and legend applies to this one man . 
 2 vin reacted immediately , springing away . 
 she moved with incredible speed , tasseled cloak swirling as she skidded across the wet cobblestones . 
 the coins hit the ground behind her , throwing up chips of stone , then leaving trails in the mist as they ricocheted away . 
 `` oreseur , go ! '' 
 she snapped , though he was already fleeing toward a nearby alleyway . 
 vin spun into a low crouch , hands and feet on the cool stones , allomantic metals flaring in her stomach . 
 she burned steel , watching the translucent blue lines appear around her . 
 she waited , tense , watching for ... another group of coins shot from the dark mists , each one trailing a blue line . 
 vin immediately flared steel and pushed against the coins , deflecting them out into the darkness . 
 the night fell still again . 
 the street around her was wide-for luthadel-though tenements rose high on either side . 
 mist spun lazily , making the ends of the street disappear into a haze . 
 a group of eight men appeared from the mists and approached . 
 vin smiled . 
 she had been right : someone was following her . 
 these men were n't , however , the watcher . 
 they did n't have his solid grace , his sense of power . 
 these men were something far more blunt . 
 assassins . 
 it made sense . 
 if she had just arrived with an army to conquer luthadel , the first thing she 'd have done was send in a group of allomancers to kill elend . 
 she felt a sudden pressure at her side , and she cursed as she was thrown off balance , her coin pouch jerking away from her waist . 
 she ripped its string free , letting the enemy allomancer push the coins away from her . 
 the assassins had at least one coinshot-a misting who had the power to burn steel and push on metals . 
 in fact , two of the assassins trailed blue lines pointing to coin pouches of their own . 
 vin considered returning the favor and pushing their pouches away , but hesitated . 
 no need to play her hand yet . 
 she might need those coins . 
 without coins of her own , she could n't attack from a distance . 
 however , if this was a good team , then attacking from a distance would be pointless-their coinshots and lurchers would be ready to deal with shot coins . 
 fleeing was n't an option either . 
 these men had n't come for her alone ; if she fled , they 'd continue on to their real goal . 
 nobody sent assassins to kill bodyguards . 
 assassins killed important men . 
 men like elend venture , king of the central dominance . 
 the man she loved . 
 vin flared pewter-body growing tense , alert , dangerous . 
 four thugs at the front , she thought , eyeing the advancing men . 
 the pewter burners would be inhumanly strong , capable of surviving a great deal of physical punishment . 
 very dangerous up close . 
 and the one carrying the wooden shield is a lurcher . 
 she feinted forward , causing the approaching thugs to jump backward . 
 eight mistings against one mistborn was decent odds for them-but only if they were careful . 
 the two coinshots moved up the sides of the street , so that they 'd be able to push at her from both directions . 
 the last man , standing quietly beside the lurcher , had to be a smoker-relatively unimportant in a fight , his purpose was to hide his team from enemy allomancers . 
 eight mistings . 
 kelsier could have done it ; he 'd killed an inquisitor . 
 she was n't kelsier , however . 
 she had yet to decide if that was a bad or a good thing . 
 vin took a deep breath , wishing she had a bit of atium to spare , and burned iron . 
 this let her pull on a nearby coin-one of those that had been shot at her-much as steel would have let her push on it . 
 she caught it , dropped it , then jumped , making as if to push on the coin and shoot herself into the air . 
 one of the coinshots , however , pushed against the coin , shooting it away . 
 since allomancy would only let a person push directly away from-or pull directly toward-their body , vin was left without a decent anchor . 
 pushing against the coin would only shoot her sideways . 
 she dropped back to the ground . 
 let them think they have me trapped , she thought , crouching in the center of the street . 
 the thugs approached a little more confidently . 
 yes , vin thought . 
 i know what you 're thinking . 
 this is the mistborn who killed the lord ruler ? 
 this scrawny thing ? 
 can it be possible ? 
 i wonder the same thing myself . 
 the first thug ducked in to attack , and vin burst into motion . 
 obsidian daggers flashed in the night as she ripped them free from their sheaths , and blood sprayed black in the darkness as she ducked beneath the thug 's staff and slashed her weapons across his thighs . 
 the man cried out . 
 the night was no longer silent . 
 men cursed as vin moved through them . 
 the thug 's partner attacked her-blurringly fast , his muscles fueled by pewter . 
 his staff whipped a tassel from vin 's mistcloak as she threw herself to the ground , then pushed herself back up out of a third thug 's reach . 
 a spray of coins flew toward her . 
 vin reached out and pushed on them . 
 the coinshot , however , continued to push-and vin 's push smashed against his . 
 pushing and pulling metals was all about weight . 
 and-with the coins between them-that meant vin 's weight was slammed against the assassin 's weight . 
 both were tossed backward . 
 vin shot out of a thug 's reach ; the coinshot fell to the ground . 
 a flurry of coins came at her from the other direction . 
 still tumbling in the air , vin flared steel , giving herself an extra burst of power . 
 blue lines were a jumbled mess , but she did n't need to isolate the coins to push them all away . 
 this coinshot let go of his missiles as soon as he felt vin 's touch . 
 the bits of metal scattered out into the mists . 
 vin hit the cobblestones shoulder-first . 
 she rolled-flaring pewter to enhance her balance-and flipped to her feet . 
 at the same time , she burned iron and pulled hard on the disappearing coins . 
 they shot back toward her . 
 as soon as they got close , vin jumped to the side and pushed them toward the approaching thugs . 
 the coins , however , immediately veered away , twisting through the mists toward the lurcher . 
 he was unable to push the coins away-like all mistings , he only had one allomantic power , and his was to pull with iron . 
 he did this effectively , protecting the thugs . 
 he raised his shield and grunted from the impact as the coins hit it and bounced away . 
 vin was already moving again . 
 she ran directly for the now exposed coinshot to her left , the one who had fallen to the ground . 
 the man yelped in surprise , and the other coinshot tried to distract vin , but he was too slow . 
 the coinshot died with a dagger in his chest . 
 he was no thug ; he could n't burn pewter to enhance his body . 
 vin pulled out her dagger , then yanked his pouch free . 
 he gurgled quietly and collapsed back to the stones . 
 one , vin thought , spinning , sweat flying from her brow . 
 she now faced seven men down the corridor-like street . 
 they probably expected her to flee . 
 instead , she charged . 
 as she got close to the thugs , she jumped-then threw down the pouch she 'd taken from the dying man . 
 the remaining coinshot cried out , immediately pushing it away . 
 vin , however , got some lift from the coins , throwing herself in a leap directly over the heads of the thugs . 
 one of them-the wounded one-had unfortunately been smart enough to remain behind to protect the coinshot . 
 the thug raised his cudgel as vin landed . 
 she ducked his first attack , raised her dagger , and - a blue line danced into her vision . 
 quick . 
 vin reacted immediately , twisting and pushing against a door latch to throw herself out of the way . 
 she hit the ground on her side , then flung herself up with one hand . 
 she landed skidding on mist-wetted feet . 
 a coin hit the ground behind her , bouncing against the cobbles . 
 it had n't come close to hitting her . 
 in fact , it had seemed aimed at the remaining assassin coinshot . 
 he 'd probably been forced to push it away . 
 but who had fired it ? 
 oreseur ? 
 vin wondered . 
 but , that was foolish . 
 the kandra was no allomancer-and besides , he would n't have taken the initiative . 
 oreseur did only what he was expressly told . 
 the assassin coinshot looked equally confused . 
 vin glanced up , flaring tin , and was rewarded with the sight of a man standing atop a nearby building . 
 a dark silhouette . 
 he did n't even bother to hide . 
 it 's him , she thought . 
 the watcher . 
 the watcher remained atop his perch , offering no further interference as the thugs rushed vin . 
 she cursed as she found three staves coming at her at once . 
 she ducked one , spun around the other , then planted a dagger in the chest of the man holding the third . 
 he stumbled backward , but did n't drop . 
 pewter kept him on his feet . 
 why did the watcher interfere ? 
 vin thought as she jumped away . 
 why would he shoot that coin at a coinshot who could obviously push it away ? 
 her preoccupation with the watcher nearly cost her her life as an unnoticed thug charged her from the side . 
 it was the man whose legs she 'd slashed . 
 vin reacted-just in time to dodge his blow . 
 this , however , put her into range of the other three . 
 all attacked at once . 
 she actually managed to twist out of the way of two of the strikes . 
 one , however , crashed into her side . 
 the powerful blow tossed her across the street , and she collided with a shop 's wooden door . 
 she heard a crack-from the door , fortunately , and not her bones-and she slumped to the ground , daggers lost . 
 a normal person would be dead . 
 her pewter-strengthened body , however , was tougher than that . 
 she gasped for breath , forcing herself up to her feet , and flared tin . 
 the metal enhanced her senses-including her sense of pain-and the sudden shock cleared her mind . 
 her side ached where she 'd been struck . 
 but she could n't stop . 
 not with a thug charging her , swinging his staff in an overhead blow . 
 crouching before the doorway , vin flared pewter and caught the staff in both hands . 
 she growled , pulling back her left hand , then cracking her fist against the weapon , shattering the fine hardwood in a single blow . 
 the thug stumbled , and vin smashed her half of the staff across his eyes . 
 though dazed , he stayed on his feet . 
 ca n't fight the thugs , she thought . 
 i have to keep moving . 
 she dashed to the side , ignoring her pain . 
 the thugs tried to follow , but she was lighter , thinner , and-much more important-faster . 
 she circled them , coming back toward the coinshot , smoker , and lurcher . 
 a wounded thug had again retreated to protect these men . 
 as vin approached , the coinshot threw a double handful of coins at her . 
 vin pushed the coins away , then reached out and pulled on the ones in the bag at the man 's waist . 
 the coinshot grunted as the bag whipped toward vin . 
 it was tied by a short tether to his waist , and the pull of her weight jerked him forward . 
 the thug grabbed and steadied him . 
 and since her anchor could n't move , vin was instead pulled toward it . 
 she flared her iron , flying through the air , raising a fist . 
 the coinshot cried out and he pulled a tie to free the bag . 
 too late . 
 vin 's momentum carried her forward , and she drove her fist into the coinshot 's cheek as she passed . 
 his head spun around , neck snapping . 
 as vin landed , she brought her elbow up into the surprised thug 's chin , tossing him backward . 
 her foot followed , crashing against the thug 's neck . 
 neither rose . 
 that was three down . 
 the discarded coin pouch fell to the ground , breaking and throwing a hundred sparkling bits of copper across the cobblestones around vin . 
 she ignored the throbbing in her elbow and faced down the lurcher . 
 he stood with his shield , looking strangely unworried . 
 a crack sounded behind her . 
 vin cried out , her tin-enhanced ears overreacting to the sudden sound . 
 pain shot through her head , and she raised hands to her ears . 
 she 'd forgotten the smoker , who stood holding two lengths of wood , crafted to make sharp noises when pounded together . 
 movements and reactions , actions and consequences-these were the essence of allomancy . 
 tin made her eyes pierce the mists-giving her an edge over the assassins . 
 however , the tin also made her ears extremely acute . 
 the smoker raised his sticks again . 
 vin growled and yanked a handful of coins off the cobblestones , then shot them at the smoker . 
 the lurcher , of course , pulled them toward him instead . 
 they hit the shield and bounced free . 
 and as they sprayed into the air , vin carefully pushed one so it fell behind him . 
 the man lowered his shield , unaware of the coin vin had manipulated . 
 vin pulled , whipping the single coin directly toward her-and into the back of the lurcher 's chest . 
 he fell without a sound . 
 four . 
 all fell still . 
 the thugs running toward her drew to a stop , and the smoker lowered his sticks . 
 they had no coinshots and no lurchers-nobody that could push or pull metal-and vin stood amid a field of coins . 
 if she used them , even the thugs would fall quickly . 
 all she had to do was - another coin shot through the air , fired from the watcher 's rooftop . 
 vin cursed , ducking . 
 the coin , however , did n't strike her . 
 it took the stick-holding smoker directly in the forehead . 
 the man toppled backward , dead . 
 what ? 
 vin thought , staring at the dead man . 
 the thugs charged , but vin retreated , frowning . 
 why kill the smoker ? 
 he was n't a threat anymore . 
 unless ... vin extinguished her copper , then burned bronze , the metal that let her sense when other allomancers were using powers nearby . 
 she could n't feel the thugs burning pewter . 
 they were still being smoked , their allomancy hidden . 
 someone else was burning copper . 
 suddenly , it all made sense . 
 it made sense that the group would risk attacking a full mistborn . 
 it made sense that the watcher had fired at the coinshot . 
 it made sense that he had killed the smoker . 
 vin was in grave danger . 
 she only had a moment to make her decision . 
 she did so on a hunch , but she 'd grown up on the streets , a thief and a scam artist . 
 hunches felt more natural to her than logic ever would . 
 `` oreseur ! '' 
 she yelled . 
 `` go for the palace ! '' 
 it was a code , of course . 
 vin jumped back , momentarily ignoring the thugs as her servant ducked out of an alleyway . 
 he pulled something off his belt and whipped it toward vin : a small glass vial , the kind that allomancers used to store metal shavings . 
 vin quickly pulled the vial to her hand . 
 a short distance away , the second coinshot-who had lain there , as if dead-now cursed and scrambled to his feet . 
 vin spun , drinking the vial with a quick gulp . 
 it contained only a single bead of metal . 
 atium . 
 she could n't risk carrying it on her own body-couldn ' t risk having it pulled away from her during a fight . 
 she 'd ordered oreseur to remain close this night , ready to give her the vial in an emergency . 
 the `` coinshot '' pulled a hidden glass dagger from his waist , charging at vin ahead of the thugs , who were getting close . 
 vin paused for just a moment-regretting her decision , but seeing its inevitability . 
 the men had hidden a mistborn among their numbers . 
 a mistborn like vin , a person who could burn all ten metals . 
 a mistborn who had been waiting for the right moment to strike at her , to catch her unprepared . 
 he would have atium , and there was only one way to fight someone who had atium . 
 it was the ultimate allomantic metal , usable only by full mistborn , and it could easily decide the fate of a battle . 
 each bead was worth a fortune-but what good was a fortune if she died ? 
 vin burned her atium . 
 the world around her seemed to change . 
 every moving object-swinging shutters , blowing ash , attacking thugs , even trails of mist-shot out a translucent replica of itself . 
 the replicas moved just in front of their real counterparts , showing vin exactly what would happen a few moments in the future . 
 only the mistborn was immune . 
 rather than shooting out a single atium shadow , he released dozens-the sign that he was burning atium . 
 he paused just briefly . 
 vin 's own body would have just exploded with dozens of confusing atium shadows . 
 now that she could see the future , she could see what he was going to do . 
 that , in turn , changed what she was going to do . 
 that changed what he was going to do . 
 and so , like the reflections in two mirrors facing each other , the possibilities continued into infinity . 
 neither had an advantage . 
 though their mistborn paused , the four unfortunate thugs continued to charge , having no way to know that vin burned atium . 
 vin turned , standing beside the body of the fallen smoker . 
 with one foot , she kicked the soundsticks into the air . 
 a thug arrived , swinging . 
 his diaphanous atium shadow of a staff blow passed through her body . 
 vin twisted , ducking to the side , and could feel the real staff pass over her ear . 
 the maneuver seemed easy within the aura of atium . 
 she snatched one of the soundsticks from the air , then slammed it up into the thug 's neck . 
 she spun , catching the other soundstick , then twisted back and cracked it against the man 's skull . 
 he fell forward , groaning , and vin spun again , easily dodging between two more staves . 
 she smashed the noise sticks against the sides of a second thug 's head . 
 they shattered-ringing with a hollow sound like that of a musician 's beat-as the thug 's skull cracked . 
 he fell , and did not move again . 
 vin kicked his staff into the air , then dropped the broken soundsticks and caught it . 
 she spun , twisting the staff and tripping both remaining thugs at once . 
 in a fluid motion , she delivered two swift-yet powerful-blows to their faces . 
 she fell to a crouch as the men died , holding the staff in one hand , her other hand resting against the mist-wetted cobbles . 
 the mistborn held back , and she could see uncertainty in his eyes . 
 power did n't necessarily mean competence , and his two best advantages-surprise and atium-had been negated . 
 he turned , pulling a group of coins up off the ground , then shot them . 
 not toward vin-but toward oreseur , who still stood in the mouth of an alleyway . 
 the mistborn obviously hoped that vin 's concern for her servant would draw her attention away , perhaps letting him escape . 
 he was wrong . 
 vin ignored the coins , dashing forward . 
 even as oreseur cried out in pain-a dozen coins piercing his skin-vin threw her staff at the mistborn 's head . 
 once it left her fingers , however , its atium shadow became firm and singular . 
 the mistborn assassin ducked , dodging perfectly . 
 the move distracted him long enough for her to close the distance , however . 
 she needed to attack quickly ; the atium bead she 'd swallowed had been small . 
 it would burn out quickly . 
 and , once it was gone , she 'd be exposed . 
 her opponent would have total power over her . 
 he - her terrified opponent raised his dagger . 
 at that moment , his atium ran out . 
 vin 's predatory instincts reacted instantly , and she swung a fist . 
 he raised an arm to block her blow , but she saw it coming , and she changed the direction of her attack . 
 the blow took him square in the face . 
 then , with deft fingers , she snatched his glass dagger before it could fall and shatter . 
 she stood and swung it through her opponent 's neck . 
 he fell quietly . 
 vin stood , breathing heavily , the group of assassins dead around her . 
 for just a moment , she felt overwhelming power . 
 with atium , she was invincible . 
 she could dodge any blow , kill any enemy . 
 her atium ran out . 
 suddenly , everything seemed to grow dull . 
 the pain in her side returned to her mind , and she coughed , groaning . 
 she 'd have bruises-large ones . 
 perhaps some cracked ribs . 
 but she 'd won again . 
 barely . 
 what would happen when she failed ? 
 when she did n't watch carefully enough , or fight skillfully enough ? 
 elend would die . 
 vin sighed , and looked up . 
 he was still there , watching her from atop a roof . 
 despite a half-dozen chases spread across several months , she 'd never managed to catch him . 
 someday she would corner him in the night . 
 but not today . 
 she did n't have the energy . 
 in fact , a part of her worried that he 'd strike her down . 
 but ... she thought . 
 he saved me . 
 i would have died if i 'd gotten too close to that hidden mistborn . 
 an instant of him burning atium with me unaware , and i 'd have found his daggers in my chest . 
 the watcher stood for a few more moments-wreathed , as always , in the curling mists . 
 then he turned , jumping away into the night . 
 vin let him go ; she had to deal with oreseur . 
 she stumbled over to him , then paused . 
 his nondescript body-in a servant 's trousers and shirt-had been pelted with coins , and blood seeped from the several wounds . 
 he looked up at her . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i did n't expect there to be blood . '' 
 oreseur snorted . 
 `` you probably did n't expect me to feel pain either . '' 
 vin opened her mouth , then paused . 
 actually , she had n't ever thought about it . 
 then she hardened herself . 
 what right does this thing have to chastise me ? 
 still , oreseur had proven useful . 
 `` thank you for throwing me the vial , '' she said . 
 `` it was my duty , mistress , '' oreseur said , grunting as he pulled his broken body up against the side of the alleyway . 
 `` i was charged with your protection by master kelsier . 
 as always , i serve the contract . '' 
 ah , yes . 
 the almighty contract . 
 `` can you walk ? '' 
 `` only with effort , mistress . 
 the coins shattered several of these bones . 
 i will need a new body . 
 one of the assassins , perhaps ? '' 
 vin frowned . 
 she glanced back toward the dead men , and her stomach twisted slightly at the gruesome sight of their fallen bodies . 
 she 'd killed them , eight men , with the cruel efficiency that kelsier had trained in her . 
 this is what i am , she thought . 
 a killer , like those men . 
 that was how it had to be . 
 someone had to protect elend . 
 however , the thought of oreseur eating one of them-digesting the corpse , letting his strange kandra senses memorize the positioning of muscles , skin , and organs , so that he could reproduce them-sickened her . 
 she glanced to the side , and saw the veiled scorn in oreseur 's eyes . 
 they both knew what she thought of him eating human bodies . 
 they both knew what he thought of her prejudice . 
 `` no , '' vin said . 
 `` we wo n't use one of these men . '' 
 `` you 'll have to find me another body , then , '' oreseur said . 
 `` the contract states that i can not be forced to kill men . '' 
 vin 's stomach twisted again . 
 i 'll think of something , she thought . 
 his current body was that of a murderer , taken after an execution . 
 vin was still worried that someone in the city would recognize the face . 
 `` can you get back to the palace ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 `` with time , '' oreseur said . 
 vin nodded , dismissing him , then turned back toward the bodies . 
 somehow she suspected that this night would mark a distinct turning point in the fate of the central dominance . 
 straff 's assassins had done more damage than they would ever know . 
 that bead of atium had been her last . 
 the next time a mistborn attacked her , she would be exposed . 
 and would likely die as easily as the mistborn she 'd slain this night . 
 my brethren ignore the other facts . 
 they can not connect the other strange things that are happening . 
 they are deaf to my objections and blind to my discoveries . 
 3 elend dropped his pen to his desk with a sigh , then leaned back in his chair and rubbed his forehead . 
 elend figured that he knew as much about political theory as any living man . 
 he 'd certainly read more about economics , studied more about governments , and held more political debates than anyone he knew . 
 he understood all the theories about how to make a nation stable and fair , and had tried to implement those in his new kingdom . 
 he just had n't realized how incredibly frustrating a parliamentary council would be . 
 he stood up and walked over to get himself some chilled wine . 
 he paused , however , as he glanced out his balcony doors . 
 in the distance , a glowing haze shone through the mists . 
 the campfires of his father 's army . 
 he put down the wine . 
 he was already exhausted , and the alcohol probably would n't help . 
 i ca n't afford to fall asleep until i get this done ! 
 he thought , forcing himself to return to his seat . 
 the assembly would meet soon , and he needed to have the proposal finished tonight . 
 elend picked up the sheet , scanning its contents . 
 his handwriting looked cramped even to him , and the page was scattered with crossed-out lines and notations-reflections of his frustration . 
 they 'd known about the army 's approach for weeks now , and the assembly still quibbled about what to do . 
 some of its members wanted to offer a peace treaty ; others thought they should simply surrender the city . 
 still others felt they should attack without delay . 
 elend feared that the surrender faction was gaining strength ; hence his proposal . 
 the motion , if passed , would buy him more time . 
 as king , he already had prime right of parlay with a foreign dictator . 
 the proposal would forbid the assembly from doing anything rash until he 'd at least met with his father . 
 elend sighed again , dropping the sheet . 
 the assembly was only twenty-four men , but getting them to agree on anything was almost more challenging than any of the problems they argued about . 
 elend turned , looking past the solitary lamp on his desk , out through the open balcony doors and toward the fires . 
 overhead , he heard feet scuttling on the rooftop-vin , going about her nightly rounds . 
 elend smiled fondly , but not even thinking of vin could restore his good temper . 
 that group of assassins she fought tonight . 
 can i use that somehow ? 
 perhaps if he made the attack public , the assembly would be reminded of the disdain straff had for human life , and then be less likely to surrender the city to him . 
 but ... perhaps they 'd also get frightened that he 'd send assassins after them , and be more likely to surrender . 
 sometimes elend wondered if the lord ruler had been right . 
 not in oppressing the people , of course-but in retaining all of the power for himself . 
 the final empire had been nothing if not stable . 
 it had lasted a thousand years , weathering rebellions , maintaining a strong hold on the world . 
 the lord ruler was immortal , though , elend thought . 
 that 's an advantage i 'll certainly never have . 
 the assembly was a better way . 
 by giving the people a parliament with real legal authority , elend would craft a stable government . 
 the people would have a king-a man to provide continuity , a symbol of unity . 
 a man who would n't be tainted by the need to get reappointed . 
 however , they would also have an assembly-a council made up of their peers that could voice their concerns . 
 it all sounded wonderful in theory . 
 assuming they survived the next few months . 
 elend rubbed his eyes , then dipped his pen and began to scratch new sentences at the bottom of the document . 
 the lord ruler was dead . 
 even a year later , vin sometimes found that concept difficult to grasp . 
 the lord ruler had been ... everything . 
 king and god , lawmaker and ultimate authority . 
 he had been eternal and absolute , and now he was dead . 
 vin had killed him . 
 of course , the truth was n't as impressive as the stories . 
 it had n't been heroic strength or mystical power that had let vin defeat the emperor . 
 she 'd just figured out the trick that he 'd been using to make himself immortal , and she 'd fortunately-almost accidentally-exploited his weakness . 
 she was n't brave or clever . 
 just lucky . 
 vin sighed . 
 her bruises still throbbed , but she had suffered far worse . 
 she sat atop the palace-once keep venture-just above elend 's balcony . 
 her reputation might have been unearned , but it had helped keep elend alive . 
 though dozens of warlords squabbled in the land that had once been the final empire , none of them had marched on luthadel . 
 until now . 
 fires burned outside the city . 
 straff would soon know that his assassins had failed . 
 what then ? 
 assault the city ? 
 ham and clubs warned that luthadel could n't hold against a determined attack . 
 straff had to know that . 
 still , for the moment , elend was safe . 
 vin had gotten pretty good at finding and killing assassins ; barely a month passed that she did n't catch someone trying to sneak into the palace . 
 many were just spies , and very few were allomancers . 
 however , a normal man 's steel knife would kill elend just as easily as an allomancer 's glass one . 
 she would n't let that occur . 
 whatever else happened-whatever sacrifices it required-elend had to stay alive . 
 suddenly apprehensive , she slipped over to the skylight to check on him . 
 elend sat safely at his desk below , scribbling away on some new proposal or edict . 
 kingship had changed the man remarkably little . 
 about four years her senior-placing him in his early twenties-elend was a man who put great stock in learning , but little in appearance . 
 he only bothered to comb his hair when he attended an important function , and he somehow managed to wear even well-tailored outfits with an air of dishevelment . 
 he was probably the best man she had ever known . 
 earnest , determined , clever , and caring . 
 and , for some reason , he loved her . 
 at times , that fact was even more amazing to her than her part in the lord ruler 's death . 
 vin looked up , glancing back at the army lights . 
 then she looked to the sides . 
 the watcher had not returned . 
 often on nights like this he would tempt her , coming dangerously close to elend 's room before disappearing into the city . 
 of course , if he 'd wanted to kill elend , he could just have done it while i was fighting the others ... it was a disquieting thought . 
 vin could n't watch elend every moment . 
 he was exposed a frightening amount of the time . 
 true , elend had other bodyguards , and some were even allomancers . 
 they , however , were stretched as thin as she was . 
 this night 's assassins had been the most skilled , and most dangerous , that she had ever faced . 
 she shivered , thinking about the mistborn who had hid among them . 
 he had n't been very good , but he would n't have needed much skill to burn atium , then strike vin directly in the right place . 
 the shifting mists continued to spin . 
 the army 's presence whispered a disturbing truth : the surrounding warlords were beginning to consolidate their domains , and were thinking about expansion . 
 even if luthadel stood against straff somehow , others would come . 
 quietly , vin closed her eyes and burned bronze , still worried that the watcher-or some other allomancer-might be nearby , planning to attack elend in the supposedly safe aftermath of the assassination attempt . 
 most mistborn considered bronze to be a relatively useless metal , as it was easily negated . 
 with copper , a mistborn could mask their allomancy-not to mention protect themselves from emotional manipulation by zinc or brass . 
 most mistborn considered it foolish not to have their copper on at all times . 
 and yet ... vin had the ability to pierce copperclouds . 
 a coppercloud was n't a visible thing . 
 it was far more vague . 
 a pocket of deadened air where allomancers could burn their metals and not worry that bronze burners would be able to sense them . 
 but vin could sense allomancers who used metals inside of a coppercloud . 
 she still was n't certain why . 
 even kelsier , the most powerful allomancer she had known , had n't been able to pierce a coppercloud . 
 tonight , however , she sensed nothing . 
 with a sigh , she opened her eyes . 
 her strange power was confusing , but it was n't unique to her . 
 marsh had confirmed that steel inquisitors could pierce copperclouds , and she was certain that the lord ruler had been able to do so . 
 but ... why her ? 
 why could vin-a girl who barely had two years ' training as a mistborn-do it ? 
 there was more . 
 she still remembered vividly the morning when she 'd fought the lord ruler . 
 there was something about that event that she had n't told anyone-partially because it made her fear , just a bit , that the rumors and legends about her were true . 
 somehow , she 'd drawn upon the mists , using them to fuel her allomancy instead of metals . 
 it was only with that power , the power of the mists , that she had been able to beat the lord ruler in the end . 
 she liked to tell herself that she had simply been lucky in figuring out the lord ruler 's tricks . 
 but ... there had been something strange that night , something that she 'd done . 
 something that she should n't have been able to do , and had never been able to repeat . 
 vin shook her head . 
 there was so much they did n't know , and not just about allomancy . 
 she and the other leaders of elend 's fledgling kingdom tried their best , but without kelsier to guide them , vin felt blind . 
 plans , successes , and even goals were like shadowy figures in the mist , formless and indistinct . 
 you should n't have left us , kell , she thought . 
 you saved the world-but you should have been able to do it without dying . 
 kelsier , the survivor of hathsin , the man who had conceived and implemented the collapse of the final empire . 
 vin had known him , worked with him , been trained by him . 
 he was a legend and a hero . 
 yet , he had also been a man . 
 fallible . 
 imperfect . 
 it was easy for the skaa to revere him , then blame elend and the others for the dire situation that kelsier had created . 
 the thought left her feeling bitter . 
 thinking about kelsier often did that . 
 perhaps it was the sense of abandonment , or perhaps it was just the uncomfortable knowledge that kelsier-like vin herself-didn ' t fully live up to his reputation . 
 vin sighed , closing her eyes , still burning bronze . 
 the evening 's fight had taken a lot out of her , and she was beginning to dread the hours she still intended to spend watching . 
 it would be difficult to remain alert when - she sensed something . 
 vin snapped her eyes open , flaring her tin . 
 she spun and stooped against the rooftop to obscure her profile . 
 there was someone out there , burning metal . 
 bronze pulses thumped weakly , faint , almost unnoticeable-like someone playing drums very quietly . 
 they were muffled by a coppercloud . 
 the person-whoever it was-thought that their copper would hide them . 
 so far , vin had n't left anyone alive , save elend and marsh , who knew of her strange power . 
 vin crept forward , fingers and toes chilled by the roof 's copper sheeting . 
 she tried to determine the direction of the pulses . 
 something was ... odd about them . 
 she had trouble distinguishing the metals her enemy was burning . 
 was that the quick , beating thump of pewter ? 
 or was it the rhythm of iron ? 
 the pulses seemed indistinct , like ripples in a thick mud . 
 they were coming from somewhere very close ... on the rooftop ... just in front of her . 
 vin froze , crouching , the night breezes blowing a wall of mist across her . 
 where was he ? 
 her senses argued with each other ; her bronze said there was something right in front of her , but her eyes refused to agree . 
 she studied the dark mists , glanced upward just to be certain , then stood . 
 this is the first time my bronze has been wrong , she thought with a frown . 
 then she saw it . 
 not something in the mists , but something of the mists . 
 the figure stood a few feet away , easy to miss , for its shape was only faintly outlined by the mist . 
 vin gasped , stepping backward . 
 the figure continued to stand where it was . 
 she could n't tell much about it ; its features were cloudy and vague , outlined by the chaotic churnings of windblown mist . 
 if not for the form 's persistence , she could have dismissed it-like the shape of an animal seen briefly in the clouds . 
 but it stayed . 
 each new curl of the mist added definition to thin its body and long head . 
 haphazard , yet persistent . 
 it suggested a human , but it lacked the watcher 's solidity . 
 it felt ... looked ... wrong . 
 the figure took a step forward . 
 vin reacted instantly , throwing up a handful of coins and pushing them through the air . 
 the bits of metal zipped through the mist , trailing streaks , and passed right through the shadowy figure . 
 it stood for a moment . 
 then , it simply puffed away , dissipating into the mists ' random curls . 
 elend wrote the final line with a flair , though he knew he 'd simply have a scribe rewrite the proposal . 
 still , he was proud . 
 he thought that he 'd been able to work out an argument that would finally convince the assembly that they could not simply surrender to straff . 
 he glanced unconsciously toward a stack of papers on his desk . 
 on their top sat an innocent-seeming yellow letter , still folded , bloodlike smudge of wax broken at the seal . 
 the letter had been short . 
 elend remembered its words easily . 
 son , i trust you 've enjoyed seeing after venture interests in luthadel . 
 i have secured the northern dominance , and will shortly be returning to our keep in luthadel . 
 you may turn over control of the city to me at that time . 
 king straff venture of all the warlords and despots that had afflicted the final empire since the lord ruler 's death , straff was the most dangerous . 
 elend knew this firsthand . 
 his father was a true imperial nobleman : he saw life as a competition between lords to see who could earn the greatest reputation . 
 he had played the game well , making house venture the most powerful of the pre-collapse noble families . 
 elend 's father would not see the lord ruler 's death as a tragedy or a victory-just as an opportunity . 
 the fact that straff 's supposedly weak-willed fool of a son now claimed to be king of the central dominance probably gave him no end of mirth . 
 elend shook his head , turning back to the proposal . 
 a few more rereads , a few tweaks , and i 'll finally be able to get some sleep . 
 i just - a cloaked form dropped from the skylight in the roof and landed with a quiet thump behind him . 
 elend raised an eyebrow , turning toward the crouching figure . 
 `` you know , i leave the balcony open for a reason , vin . 
 you could come in that way , if you wanted . '' 
 `` i know , '' vin said . 
 then she darted across the room , moving with an allomancer 's unnatural litheness . 
 she checked beneath his bed , then moved over to his closet and threw open the doors . 
 she jumped back with the tension of an alert animal , but apparently found nothing inside that met with her disapproval , for she moved over to peek through the door leading into the rest of elend 's chambers . 
 elend watched her with fondness . 
 it had taken him some time to get used to vin 's particular ... idiosyncrasies . 
 he teased her about being paranoid ; she just claimed she was careful . 
 regardless , half the time she visited his chambers she checked underneath his bed and in his closet . 
 the other times , she held herself back-but elend often caught her glancing distrustfully toward potential hiding places . 
 she was far less jumpy when she did n't have a particular reason to worry about him . 
 however , elend was only just beginning to understand that there was a very complex person hiding behind the face he had once known as valette renoux 's . 
 he had fallen in love with her courtly side without ever knowing the nervous , furtive mistborn side . 
 it was still a little difficult to see them as the same person . 
 vin closed the door , then paused briefly , watching him with her round , dark eyes . 
 elend found himself smiling . 
 despite her oddities-or , more likely because of them-he loved this thin woman with the determined eyes and blunt temperament . 
 she was like no one he had ever known-a woman of simple , yet honest , beauty and wit . 
 she did , however , sometimes worry him . 
 `` vin ? '' 
 he asked , standing . 
 `` have you seen anything strange tonight ? '' 
 elend paused . 
 `` besides you ? '' 
 she frowned , striding across the room . 
 elend watched her small form , clothed in black trousers and a man 's buttoning shirt , mistcloak tassels trailing behind her . 
 she wore the cloak 's hood down , as usual , and she stepped with a supple grace-the unconscious elegance of a person burning pewter . 
 focus ! 
 he told himself . 
 you really are getting tired . 
 `` vin ? 
 what 's wrong ? '' 
 vin glanced toward the balcony . 
 `` that mistborn , the watcher , is in the city again . '' 
 `` you 're sure ? '' 
 vin nodded . 
 `` but ... i do n't think he 's going to come for you tonight . '' 
 elend frowned . 
 the balcony doors were still open , and trails of mist puffed through them , creeping along the floor until they finally evaporated . 
 beyond those doors was ... darkness . 
 chaos . 
 it 's just mist , he told himself . 
 water vapor . 
 nothing to fear . 
 `` what makes you think the mistborn wo n't come for me ? '' 
 vin shrugged . 
 `` i just feel he wo n't . '' 
 she often answered that way . 
 vin had grown up a creature of the streets , and she trusted her instincts . 
 oddly , so did elend . 
 he eyed her , reading the uncertainty in her posture . 
 something else had unsettled her this night . 
 he looked into her eyes , holding them for a moment , until she glanced away . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i saw ... something else , '' she said . 
 `` or , i thought i did . 
 something in the mist , like a person formed from smoke . 
 i could feel it , too , with allomancy . 
 it disappeared , though . '' 
 elend frowned more deeply . 
 he walked forward , putting his arms around her . 
 `` vin , you 're pushing yourself too hard . 
 you ca n't keep prowling the city at night and then staying up all day . 
 even allomancers need rest . '' 
 she nodded quietly . 
 in his arms , she did n't seem to him like the powerful warrior who had slain the lord ruler . 
 she felt like a woman past the edge of fatigue , a woman overwhelmed by events-a woman who probably felt a lot like elend did . 
 she let him hold her . 
 at first , there was a slight stiffness to her posture . 
 it was as if a piece of her still expected to be hurt-a primal sliver that could n't understand that it was possible to be touched out of love rather than anger . 
 then , however , she relaxed . 
 elend was one of the few she could do that around . 
 when she held him-really held him-she clung with a desperation that bordered on terror . 
 somehow , despite her powerful skill as an allomancer and her stubborn determination , vin was frighteningly vulnerable . 
 she seemed to need elend . 
 for that , he felt lucky . 
 frustrated , at times . 
 but lucky . 
 vin and he had n't discussed his marriage proposal and her refusal , though elend often thought of the encounter . 
 women are difficult enough to understand , he thought , and i had to go and pick the oddest one of the lot . 
 still , he could n't really complain . 
 she loved him . 
 he could deal with her idiosyncrasies . 
 vin sighed , then looked up at him , finally relaxing as he leaned down to kiss her . 
 he held it for a long moment , and she sighed . 
 after the kiss , she rested her head on his shoulder . 
 `` we do have another problem , '' she said quietly . 
 `` i used the last of the atium tonight . '' 
 `` fighting the assassins ? '' 
 vin nodded . 
 `` well , we knew it would happen eventually . 
 our stockpile could n't last forever . '' 
 `` stockpile ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 `` kelsier only left us six beads . '' 
 elend sighed , then pulled her tight . 
 his new government was supposed to have inherited the lord ruler 's atium reserves-a supposed cache of the metal comprising an amazing treasure . 
 kelsier had counted on his new kingdom holding those riches ; he had died expecting it . 
 there was only one problem . 
 nobody had ever found the reserve . 
 they had found some small bit-the atium that had made up the bracers that the lord ruler had used as a feruchemical battery to store up age . 
 however , they had spent those on supplies for the city , and they had actually contained only a very small bit of atium . 
 nothing like the cache was said to have . 
 there should still be , somewhere in the city , a wealth of atium thousands of times larger than those bracers . 
 `` we 'll just have to deal with it , '' elend said . 
 `` if a mistborn attacks you , i wo n't be able to kill him . '' 
 `` only if he has atium , '' elend said . 
 `` it 's becoming more and more rare . 
 i doubt the other kings have much of it . '' 
 kelsier had destroyed the pits of hathsin , the only place where atium could be mined . 
 still , if vin did have to fight someone with atium ... do n't think about that , he told himself . 
 just keep searching . 
 perhaps we can buy some . 
 or maybe we 'll find the lord ruler 's cache . 
 if it even exists ... vin looked up at him , reading the concern in his eyes , and he knew she had arrived at the same conclusions as he . 
 there was little that could be accomplished at the moment ; vin had done well to conserve their atium as long as she had . 
 still , as vin stepped back and let elend return to his table , he could n't help thinking about how they could have spent that atium . 
 his people would need food for the winter . 
 but , by selling the metal , he thought , sitting , we would have put more of the world 's most dangerous allomantic weapon into the hands of our enemies . 
 better that vin used it up . 
 as he began to work again , vin poked her head over his shoulder , obscuring his lamplight . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` the proposal blocking the assembly until i 've had my right of parlay . '' 
 `` again ? '' 
 she asked , cocking her head and squinting as she tried to make out his handwriting . 
 `` the assembly rejected the last version . '' 
 vin frowned . 
 `` why do n't you just tell them that they have to accept it ? 
 you 're the king . '' 
 `` now , see , '' elend said , `` that 's what i 'm trying to prove by all this . 
 i 'm just one man , vin-maybe my opinion is n't better than theirs . 
 if we all work on the proposal together , it will come out better than if one man had done it himself . '' 
 vin shook her head . 
 `` it will be too weak . 
 no teeth . 
 you should trust yourself more . '' 
 `` it 's not about trust . 
 it 's about what 's right . 
 we spent a thousand years fighting off the lord ruler-if i do things the same way he did , then what will be the difference ? '' 
 vin turned and looked him in the eyes . 
 `` the lord ruler was an evil man . 
 you 're a good one . 
 that 's the difference . '' 
 elend smiled . 
 `` it 's that easy for you , is n't it ? '' 
 vin nodded . 
 elend leaned up and kissed her again . 
 `` well , some of us have to make things a little more complicated , so you 'll have to humor us . 
 now , kindly remove yourself from my light so i can get back to work . '' 
 she snorted , but stood up and rounded the desk , leaving behind a faint scent of perfume . 
 elend frowned . 
 when 'd she put that on ? 
 many of her motions were so quick that he missed them . 
 perfume-just another of the apparent contradictions that made up the woman who called herself vin . 
 she would n't have been wearing it out in the mists ; she usually put it on just for him . 
 vin liked to be unobtrusive , but she loved wearing scents-and got annoyed at him if he did n't notice when she was trying out a new one . 
 she seemed suspicious and paranoid , yet she trusted her friends with a dogmatic loyalty . 
 she went out at night in black and gray , trying so hard to hide-but elend had seen her at the balls a year ago , and she had looked natural in gowns and dresses . 
 for some reason she had stopped wearing those . 
 she had n't ever explained why . 
 elend shook his head , turning back to his proposal . 
 next to vin , politics seemed simplistic . 
 she rested her arms on the desktop , watching him work , yawning . 
 `` you should get some rest , '' he said , dipping his pen again . 
 vin paused , then nodded . 
 she removed her mistcloak , wrapped it around herself , then curled up on the rug beside his desk . 
 elend paused . 
 `` i did n't mean here , vin , '' he said with amusement . 
 `` there 's still a mistborn out there somewhere , '' she said with a tired , muffled voice . 
 `` i 'm not leaving you . '' 
 she twisted in the cloak , and elend caught a brief grimace of pain on her face . 
 she was favoring her left side . 
 she did n't often tell him the details of her fights . 
 she did n't want to worry him . 
 it did n't help . 
 elend pushed down his concern and forced himself to start reading again . 
 he was almost finished-just a bit more and - a knock came at his door . 
 elend turned with frustration , wondering at this new interruption . 
 ham poked his head in the doorway a second later . 
 `` ham ? '' 
 elend said . 
 `` you 're still awake ? '' 
 `` unfortunately , '' ham said , stepping into the room . 
 `` mardra is going to kill you for working late again , '' elend said , setting down his pen . 
 complain though he might about some of vin 's quirks , at least she shared elend 's nocturnal habits . 
 ham just rolled his eyes at the comment . 
 he still wore his standard vest and trousers . 
 he 'd agreed to be the captain of elend 's guard on a single condition : that he would never have to wear a uniform . 
 vin cracked an eye as ham wandered into the room , then relaxed again . 
 `` regardless , '' elend said . 
 `` to what do i owe the visit ? '' 
 `` i thought you might want to know that we identified those assassins who tried to kill vin . '' 
 elend nodded . 
 `` probably men i know . '' 
 most allomancers were noblemen , and he was familiar with all of those in straff 's retinue . 
 `` actually , i doubt it , '' ham said . 
 `` they were westerners . '' 
 elend paused , frowning , and vin perked up . 
 `` you 're sure ? '' 
 ham nodded . 
 `` makes it a bit unlikely that your father sent them-unless he 's done some heavy recruiting in fadrex city . 
 they were of houses gardre and conrad , mostly . '' 
 elend sat back . 
 his father was based in urteau , hereditary home of the venture family . 
 fadrex was halfway across the empire from urteau , several months ' worth of travel . 
 the chances were slim that his father would have access to a group of western allomancers . 
 `` have you heard of ashweather cett ? '' 
 ham asked . 
 elend nodded . 
 `` one of the men who 's set himself up as king in the western dominance . 
 i do n't know much about him . '' 
 vin frowned , sitting . 
 `` you think he sent these ? '' 
 ham nodded . 
 `` they must have been waiting for a chance to slip into the city , and the traffic at the gates these last few days would have provided the opportunity . 
 that makes the arrival of straff 's army and the attack on vin 's life something of a coincidence . '' 
 elend glanced at vin . 
 she met his eyes , and he could tell that she was n't completely convinced that straff had n't sent the assassins . 
 elend , however , was n't so skeptical . 
 pretty much every tyrant in the area had tried to take him out at one point or another . 
 why not cett ? 
 it 's that atium , elend thought with frustration . 
 he 'd never found the lord ruler 's cache-but that did n't stop the despots in the empire from assuming he was hiding it somewhere . 
 `` well , at least your father did n't send the assassins , '' ham said , ever the optimist . 
 elend shook his head . 
 `` our relationship would n't stop him , ham . 
 trust me . '' 
 `` he 's your father , '' ham said , looking troubled . 
 `` things like that do n't matter to straff . 
 he probably has n't sent assassins because he does n't think i 'm worth the trouble . 
 if we last long enough , though , he will . '' 
 ham shook his head . 
 `` i 've heard of sons killing their fathers to take their place ... but fathers killing their sons ... i wonder what that says about old straff 's mind , that he 'd be willing to kill you . 
 you think that - '' `` ham ? '' 
 elend interrupted . 
 `` hum ? '' 
 `` you know i 'm usually good for a discussion , but i do n't really have time for philosophy right now . '' 
 `` oh , right . '' 
 ham smiled wanly , standing and moving to go . 
 `` i should get back to mardra anyway . '' 
 elend nodded , rubbing his forehead and picking up his pen yet again . 
 `` make sure you gather the crew for a meeting . 
 we need to organize our allies , ham . 
 if we do n't come up with something incredibly clever , this kingdom may be doomed . '' 
 ham turned back , still smiling . 
 `` you make it sound so desperate , el . '' 
 elend looked over at him . 
 `` the assembly is a mess , a half-dozen warlords with superior armies are breathing down my neck , barely a month passes without someone sending assassins to kill me , and the woman i love is slowly driving me insane . '' 
 vin snorted at this last part . 
 `` oh , is that all ? '' 
 ham said . 
 `` see ? 
 it 's not so bad after all . 
 i mean , we could be facing an immortal god and his all-powerful priests instead . '' 
 elend paused , then chuckled despite himself . 
 `` good night , ham , '' he said , turning back to his proposal . 
 `` good night , your majesty . '' 
 perhaps they are right . 
 perhaps i am mad , or jealous , or simply daft . 
 my name is kwaan . 
 philosopher , scholar , traitor . 
 i am the one who discovered alendi , and i am the one who first proclaimed him to be the hero of ages . 
 i am the one who started this all . 
 4 the body showed no overt wounds . 
 it still lay where it had fallen-the other villagers had been afraid to move it . 
 its arms and legs were twisted in awkward positions , the dirt around it scuffed from predeath thrashings . 
 sazed reached out , running his fingers along one of the marks . 
 though the soil here in the eastern dominance held far more clay than soil did in the north , it was still more black than it was brown . 
 ashfalls came even this far south . 
 ashless soil , washed clean and fertilized , was a luxury used only for the ornamental plants of noble gardens . 
 the rest of the world had to do what it could with untreated soil . 
 `` you say that he was alone when he died ? '' 
 sazed asked , turning to the small cluster of villagers standing behind him . 
 a leather-skinned man nodded . 
 `` like i said , master terrisman . 
 he was just standing there , no one else about . 
 he paused , then he fell and wiggled on the ground for a bit . 
 after that , he just ... stopped moving . '' 
 sazed turned back to the corpse , studying the twisted muscles , the face locked in a mask of pain . 
 sazed had brought his medical coppermind-the metal armband wrapped around his upper right arm-and he reached into it with his mind , pulling out some of the memorized books he had stored therein . 
 yes , there were some diseases that killed with shakes and spasms . 
 they rarely took a man so suddenly , but it sometimes happened . 
 if it had n't been for other circumstances , sazed would have paid the death little heed . 
 `` please , repeat to me again what you saw , '' sazed asked . 
 the leather-skinned man at the front of the group , teur , paled slightly . 
 he was in an odd position-his natural desire for notoriety would make him want to gossip about his experience . 
 however , doing so could earn the distrust of his superstitious fellows . 
 `` i was just passing by , master terrisman , '' teur said . 
 `` on the path twenty yards yon . 
 i seen old jed working his field-a hard worker , he was . 
 some of us took a break when the lords left , but old jed just kept on . 
 guess he knew we 'd be needing food for the winter , lords or no lords . '' 
 teur paused , then glanced to the side . 
 `` i know what people say , master terrisman , but i seen what i seen . 
 it was day when i passed , but there was mist in the valley here . 
 it stopped me , because i 've never been out in the mist-my wife 'll vouch me that . 
 i was going to turn back , and then i seen old jed . 
 he was just working away , as if he had n't seen the mist . 
 `` i was going to call out to him , but before i could , he just ... well , like i told you . 
 i seen him standing there , then he froze . 
 the mist swirled about him a bit , then he began to jerk and twist , like something really strong was holding him and shaking him . 
 he fell . 
 did n't get up after that . '' 
 still kneeling , sazed looked back at the corpse . 
 teur apparently had a reputation for tall tales . 
 yet , the body was a chilling corroboration-not to mention sazed 's own experience several weeks before . 
 mist during the day . 
 sazed stood , turning toward the villagers . 
 `` please fetch for me a shovel . '' 
 nobody helped him dig the grave . 
 it was slow , muggy work in the southern heat , which was strong despite the advent of autumn . 
 the clay earth was difficult to move-but , fortunately , sazed had a bit of extra stored-up strength inside a pewtermind , and he tapped it for help . 
 he needed it , for he was n't what one would call an athletic man . 
 tall and long-limbed , he had the build of a scholar , and still wore the colorful robes of a terris steward . 
 he also still kept his head shaved , after the manner of the station he had served in for the first forty-some years of his life . 
 he did n't wear much of his jewelry now-he did n't want to tempt highway bandits-but his earlobes were stretched out and pierced with numerous holes for earrings . 
 tapping strength from his pewtermind enlarged his muscles slightly , giving him the build of a stronger man . 
 even with the extra strength , however , his steward 's robes were stained with sweat and dirt by the time he finished digging . 
 he rolled the body into the grave , and stood quietly for a moment . 
 the man had been a dedicated farmer . 
 sazed searched through his religions coppermind for an appropriate theology . 
 he started with an index-one of the many that he had created . 
 when he had located an appropriate religion , he pulled free detailed memories about its practices . 
 the writings entered his mind as fresh as when he had just finished memorizing them . 
 they would fade , with time , like all memories-however , he intended to place them back in the coppermind long before that happened . 
 it was the way of the keeper , the method by which his people retained enormous wealths of information . 
 this day , the memories he selected were of hadah , a southern religion with an agricultural deity . 
 like most religions-which had been oppressed during the time of the lord ruler-the hadah faith was a thousand years extinct . 
 following the dictates of the hadah funeral ceremony , sazed walked over to a nearby tree-or , at least , one of the shrublike plants that passed for trees in this area . 
 he broke off a long branch-the peasants watching him curiously-and carried it back to the grave . 
 he stooped down and drove it into the dirt at the bottom of the hole , just beside the corpse 's head . 
 then he stood and began to shovel dirt back into the grave . 
 the peasants watched him with dull eyes . 
 so depressed , sazed thought . 
 the eastern dominance was the most chaotic and unsettled of the five inner dominances . 
 the only men in this crowd were well past their prime . 
 the press gangs had done their work efficiently ; the husbands and fathers of this village were likely dead on some battlefield that no longer mattered . 
 it was hard to believe that anything could actually be worse than the lord ruler 's oppression . 
 sazed told himself that these people 's pain would pass , that they would someday know prosperity because of what he and the others had done . 
 yet , he had seen farmers forced to slaughter each other , had seen children starve because some despot had `` requisitioned '' a village 's entire food supply . 
 he had seen thieves kill freely because the lord ruler 's troops no longer patrolled the canals . 
 he had seen chaos , death , hatred , and disorder . 
 and he could n't help but acknowledge that he was partially to blame . 
 he continued to refill the hole . 
 he had been trained as a scholar and a domestic attendant ; he was a terrisman steward , the most useful , most expensive , and most prestigious of servants in the final empire . 
 that meant almost nothing now . 
 he 'd never dug a grave , but he did his best , trying to be reverent as he piled dirt on the corpse . 
 surprisingly , about halfway through the process , the peasants began to help him , pushing dirt from the pile into the hole . 
 perhaps there is hope for these yet , sazed thought , thankfully letting one of the others take his shovel and finish the work . 
 when they were done , the very tip of the hadah branch breached the dirt at the head of the grave . 
 `` why 'd you do that ? '' 
 teur asked , nodding to the branch . 
 sazed smiled . 
 `` it is a religious ceremony , goodman teur . 
 if you please , there is a prayer that should accompany it . '' 
 `` a prayer ? 
 something from the steel ministry ? '' 
 sazed shook his head . 
 `` no , my friend . 
 it is a prayer from a previous time , a time before the lord ruler . '' 
 the peasants eyed each other , frowning . 
 teur just rubbed his wrinkled chin . 
 they all remained quiet , however , as sazed said a short hadah prayer . 
 when he finished , he turned toward the peasants . 
 `` it was known as the religion of hadah . 
 some of your ancestors might have followed it , i think . 
 if any of you wish , i can teach you of its precepts . '' 
 the assembled crowd stood quietly . 
 there were n't many of them-two dozen or so , mostly middle-aged women and a few older men . 
 there was a single young man with a club leg ; sazed was surprised that he 'd lived so long on a plantation . 
 most lords killed invalids to keep them from draining resources . 
 `` when is the lord ruler coming back ? '' 
 asked a woman . 
 `` i do not believe that he will , '' sazed said . 
 `` why did he abandon us ? '' 
 `` it is a time of change , '' sazed said . 
 `` perhaps it is also time to learn of other truths , other ways . '' 
 the group of people shuffled quietly . 
 sazed sighed quietly ; these people associated faith with the steel ministry and its obligators . 
 religion was n't something that skaa worried about-save , perhaps , to avoid it when possible . 
 the keepers spent a thousand years gathering and memorizing the dying religions of the world , sazed thought . 
 who would have thought that now-with the lord ruler gone-people would n't care enough to want what they 'd lost ? 
 yet , he found it hard to think ill of these people . 
 they were struggling to survive , their already harsh world suddenly made unpredictable . 
 they were tired . 
 was it any wonder that talk of beliefs long forgotten failed to interest them ? 
 `` come , '' sazed said , turning toward the village . 
 `` there are other things-more practical things-that i can teach you . '' 
 and i am the one who betrayed alendi , for i now know that he must never be allowed to complete his quest . 
 5 vin could see signs of anxiety reflected in the city . 
 workers milled anxiously and markets bustled with an edge of concern-showing that same apprehension that one might see in a cornered rodent . 
 frightened , but not sure what to do . 
 doomed with nowhere to run . 
 many had left the city during the last year-noblemen fleeing , merchants seeking some other place of business . 
 yet , at the same time , the city had swelled with an influx of skaa . 
 they had somehow heard of elend 's proclamation of freedom , and had come with optimism-or , at least , as much optimism as an overworked , underfed , repeatedly beaten populace could manage . 
 and so , despite predictions that luthadel would soon fall , despite whispers that its army was small and weak , the people had stayed . 
 worked . 
 lived . 
 just as they always had . 
 the life of a skaa had never been very certain . 
 it was still strange for vin to see the market so busy . 
 she walked down kenton street , wearing her customary trousers and buttoned shirt , thinking about the time when she 'd visited the street during the days before the collapse . 
 it had been the quiet home of some exclusive tailoring shops . 
 when elend had abolished the restrictions on skaa merchants , kenton street had changed . 
 the thoroughfare had blossomed into a wild bazaar of shops , pushcarts , and tents . 
 in order to target the newly empowered-and newly waged-skaa workers , the shop owners had altered their selling methods . 
 where once they had coaxed with rich window displays , they now called and demanded , using criers , salesmen , and even jugglers to try to attract trade . 
 the street was so busy that vin usually avoided it , and this day was even worse than most . 
 the arrival of the army had sparked a last-minute flurry of buying and selling , the people trying to get ready for whatever was to come . 
 there was a grim tone to the atmosphere . 
 fewer street performers , more yelling . 
 elend had ordered all eight city gates barred , so flight was no longer an option . 
 vin wondered how many of the people regretted their decision to stay . 
 she walked down the street with a businesslike step , hands clasped to keep the nervousness out of her posture . 
 even as a child-an urchin on the streets of a dozen different cities-she had n't liked crowds . 
 it was hard to keep track of so many people , hard to focus with so much going on . 
 as a child , she 'd stayed near the edges of crowds , hiding , venturing out to snatch the occasional fallen coin or ignored bit of food . 
 she was different now . 
 she forced herself to walk with a straight back , and kept her eyes from glancing down or looking for places to hide . 
 she was getting so much better-but seeing the crowds reminded her of what she had once been . 
 what she would always-at least in part-still be . 
 as if in response to her thoughts , a pair of street urchins scampered through the throng , a large man in a baker 's apron screaming at them . 
 there were still urchins in elend 's new world . 
 in fact , as she considered it , paying the skaa population probably made for a far better street life for urchins . 
 there were more pockets to pick , more people to distract the shop owners , more scraps to go around , and more hands to feed beggars . 
 it was difficult to reconcile her childhood with such a life . 
 to her , a child on the street was someone who learned to be quiet and hide , someone who went out at night to search through garbage . 
 only the most brave of urchins had dared cut purses ; skaa lives had been worthless to many noblemen . 
 during her childhood , vin had known several urchins who been killed or maimed by passing noblemen who found them offensive . 
 elend 's laws might not have eliminated the poor , something he so much wanted to do , but he had improved the lives of even the street urchins . 
 for that-among other things-she loved him . 
 there were still some noblemen in the crowd , men who had been persuaded by elend or circumstances that their fortunes would be safer in the city than without . 
 they were desperate , weak , or adventuresome . 
 vin watched one man pass , surrounded by a group of guards . 
 he did n't give her a second glance ; to him , her simple clothing was reason enough to ignore her . 
 no noblewoman would dress as she did . 
 is that what i am ? 
 she wondered , pausing beside a shop window , looking over the books inside-the sale of which had always been a small , but profitable , market for the idle imperial nobility . 
 she also used the glass reflection to make certain no one snuck up behind her . 
 am i a noblewoman ? 
 it could be argued that she was noble simply by association . 
 the king himself loved her-had asked her to marry him-and she had been trained by the survivor of hathsin . 
 indeed , her father had been noble , even if her mother had been skaa . 
 vin reached up , fingering the simple bronze earring that was the only thing she had as a memento of mother . 
 it was n't much . 
 but , then , vin was n't sure she wanted to think about her mother all that much . 
 the woman had , after all , tried to kill vin . 
 in fact , she had killed vin 's full sister . 
 only the actions of reen , vin 's half brother , had saved her . 
 he had pulled vin , bloody , from the arms of a woman who had shoved the earring into vin 's ear just moments before . 
 and still vin kept it . 
 as a reminder , of sorts . 
 the truth was , she did n't feel like a noblewoman . 
 at times , she thought she had more in common with her insane mother than she did with the aristocracy of elend 's world . 
 the balls and parties she had attended before the collapse-they had been a charade . 
 a dreamlike memory . 
 they had no place in this world of collapsing governments and nightly assassinations . 
 plus , vin 's part in the balls-pretending to be the girl valette renoux-had always been a sham . 
 she pretended still . 
 pretended not to be the girl who had grown up starving on the streets , a girl who had been beaten far more often than she had been befriended . 
 vin sighed , turning from the window . 
 the next shop , however , drew her attention despite herself . 
 it contained ball gowns . 
 the shop was empty of patrons ; few thought of gowns on the eve of an invasion . 
 vin paused before the open doorway , held almost as if she were metal being pulled . 
 inside , dressing dummies stood posed in majestic gowns . 
 vin looked up at the garments , with their tight waists and tapering , bell-like skirts . 
 she could almost imagine she was at a ball , soft music in the background , tables draped in perfect white , elend standing up on his balcony , leafing through a book ... she almost went in . 
 but why bother ? 
 the city was about to be attacked . 
 besides , the garments were expensive . 
 it had been different when she 'd spent kelsier 's money . 
 now she spent elend 's money-and elend 's money was the kingdom 's money . 
 she turned from the gowns and walked back out onto the street . 
 those are n't me anymore . 
 valette is useless to elend-he needs a mistborn , not an uncomfortable girl in a gown that she does n't quite fill . 
 her wounds from the night before , now firm bruises , were a reminder of her place . 
 they were healing well-she 'd been burning pewter heavily all day-but she 'd be stiff for a while yet . 
 vin quickened her pace , heading for the livestock pens . 
 as she walked , however , she caught sight of someone tailing her . 
 well , perhaps `` tailing '' was too generous a word-the man certainly was n't doing a very good job of going unnoticed . 
 he was balding on top , but wore the sides of his hair long . 
 he wore a simple skaa 's smock : a single-piece tan garment that was stained dark with ash . 
 great , vin thought . 
 there was another reason she avoided the market-or any place where crowds of skaa gathered . 
 she sped up again , but the man hurried as well . 
 soon , his awkward movements gained attention-but , instead of cursing him , most people paused reverently . 
 soon others joined him , and vin had a small crowd trailing her . 
 a part of her wanted to just slap down a coin and shoot away . 
 yes , vin thought to herself wryly , use allomancy in the daylight . 
 that 'll make you inconspicuous . 
 so , sighing , she turned to confront the group . 
 none of them looked particularly threatening . 
 the men wore trousers and dull shirts ; the women wore one-piece , utilitarian dresses . 
 several more men wore single-piece , ash-covered smocks . 
 priests of the survivor . 
 `` lady heir , '' one of them said , approaching and falling to his knees . 
 `` do n't call me that , '' vin said quietly . 
 the priest looked up at her . 
 `` please . 
 we need direction . 
 we have cast off the lord ruler . 
 what do we do now ? '' 
 vin took a step backward . 
 had kelsier understood what he was doing ? 
 he had built up the skaa 's faith in him , then had died a martyr to turn them in rage against the final empire . 
 what had he thought would happen after that ? 
 could he have foreseen the church of the survivor-had he known that they would replace the lord ruler with kelsier himself as god ? 
 the problem was , kelsier had left his followers with no doctrine . 
 his only goal had been to defeat the lord ruler ; partially to get his revenge , partially to seal his legacy , and partially-vin hoped-because he had wanted to free the skaa . 
 but now what ? 
 these people must feel as she did . 
 set adrift , with no light to guide them . 
 vin could not be that light . 
 `` i 'm not kelsier , '' she said quietly , taking another step backward . 
 `` we know , '' one of the men said . 
 `` you 're his heir-he passed on , and this time you survived . '' 
 `` please , '' a woman said , stepping forward , holding a young child in her arms . 
 `` lady heir . 
 if the hand that struck down the lord ruler could touch my child ... '' vin tried to back away farther , but realized she was up against another crowd of people . 
 the woman stepped closer , and vin finally raised an uncertain hand to the baby 's forehead . 
 `` thank you , '' the woman said . 
 `` you 'll protect us , wo n't you , lady heir ? '' 
 asked a young man-no older than elend-with a dirty face but honest eyes . 
 `` the priests say that you 'll stop that army out there , that its soldiers wo n't be able to enter the city while you 're here . '' 
 that was too much for her . 
 vin mumbled a halfhearted response , but turned and pushed her way through the crowd . 
 the group of believers did n't follow her , fortunately . 
 she was breathing deeply , though not from exertion , by the time she slowed . 
 she moved into an alley between two shops , standing in the shade , wrapping her arms around herself . 
 she had spent her life learning to remain unnoticed , to be quiet and unimportant . 
 now she could be none of those things . 
 what did the people expect of her ? 
 did they really think that she could stop an army by herself ? 
 that was one lesson she 'd learned very early into her training : mistborn were n't invincible . 
 one man , she could kill . 
 ten men could give her trouble . 
 an army ... vin held herself and took a few calming breaths . 
 eventually , she moved back out onto the busy street . 
 she was near her destination now-a small , open-sided tent surrounded by four pens . 
 the merchant lounged by it , a scruffy man who had hair on only half of his head-the right half . 
 vin stood for a moment , trying to decide if the odd hairstyle was due to disease , injury , or preference . 
 the man perked up when he saw her standing at the edge of his pens . 
 he brushed himself off , throwing up a small amount of dust . 
 then he sauntered up to her , smiling with what teeth he still had , acting as if he had n't heard-or did n't care-that there was an army just outside . 
 `` ah , young lady , '' he said . 
 `` lookin ' for a pup ? 
 i 've got some wee scamps that any girl is sure to love . 
 here , let me grab one . 
 you 'll agree it 's the cutest thing you ever seen . '' 
 vin folded her arms as the man reached down to grab a puppy from one of the pens . 
 `` actually , '' she said , `` i was looking for a wolfhound . '' 
 the merchant looked up . 
 `` wolfhound , miss ? ' 
 t is no pet for a girl like yourself . 
 mean brutes , those . 
 let me find you a nice bobbie . 
 nice dogs , those-smart , too . '' 
 `` no , '' vin said , drawing him up short . 
 `` you will bring me a wolfhound . '' 
 the man paused again , looking at her , scratching himself in several undignified places . 
 `` well , i guess i can see ... '' he wandered toward the pen farthest from the street . 
 vin waited quietly , nose downturned at the smell as the merchant yelled at a few of his animals , selecting an appropriate one . 
 eventually , he pulled a leashed dog up to vin . 
 it was a wolfhound , if a small one-but it had sweet , docile eyes , and an obviously pleasant temperament . 
 `` the runt of the litter , '' the merchant said . 
 `` a good animal for a young girl , i 'd say . 
 will probably make an excellent hunter , too . 
 these wolfhounds , they can smell better than any beast you seen . '' 
 vin reached for her coin purse , but paused , looking down at the dog 's panting face . 
 it almost seemed to be smiling at her . 
 `` oh , for the lord ruler 's sake , '' she snapped , pushing past the dog and master , stalking toward the back pens . 
 `` young lady ? '' 
 the merchant asked , following uncertainly . 
 vin scanned the wolfhounds . 
 near the back , she spotted a massive black and gray beast . 
 it was chained to a post , and it regarded her defiantly , a low growl rising in its throat . 
 vin pointed . 
 `` how much for that one in the back ? '' 
 `` that ? '' 
 the merchant asked . 
 `` good lady , that 's a watchbeast . 
 it 's meant to be set loose on a lord 's grounds to attack anyone who enters ! 
 it 's the one of the meanest things you 'll ever see ! '' 
 `` perfect , '' vin said , pulling out some coins . 
 `` good lady , i could n't possibly sell you that beast . 
 not possibly at all . 
 why , i 'll bet it weighs half again as much as you do . '' 
 vin nodded , then pulled open the pen gate and strode in . 
 the merchant cried out , but vin walked right up to the wolfhound . 
 he began to bark wildly at her , frothing . 
 sorry about this , vin thought . 
 then , burning pewter , she ducked in and slammed her fist into the animal 's head . 
 the animal froze , wobbled , then fell unconscious in the dirt . 
 the merchant stopped up short beside her , mouth open . 
 `` leash , '' vin ordered . 
 he gave her one . 
 she used it to tie the wolfhound 's feet together , and then-with a flare of pewter-she threw the animal over her shoulders . 
 she cringed only slightly at the pain in her side . 
 this thing better not get drool on my shirt , she thought , handing the merchant some coins and walking back toward the palace . 
 vin slammed the unconscious wolfhound to the floor . 
 the guards had given her some strange looks as she entered the palace , but she was getting used to those . 
 she brushed off her hands . 
 `` what is that ? '' 
 oreseur asked . 
 he 'd made it back to her rooms at the palace , but his current body was obviously unusable . 
 he 'd needed to form muscles in places that men did n't normally have them to even keep the skeleton together , and while he 'd healed his wounds , his body looked unnatural . 
 he still wore the bloodstained clothing from the night before . 
 `` this , '' vin said , pointing at the wolfhound , `` is your new body . '' 
 oreseur paused . 
 `` that ? 
 mistress , that is a dog . '' 
 `` yes , '' vin said . 
 `` i am a man . '' 
 `` you 're a kandra , '' vin said . 
 `` you can imitate flesh and muscle . 
 what about fur ? '' 
 the kandra did not look pleased . 
 `` i can not imitate it , '' he said , `` but i can use the beast 's own fur , like i use its bones . 
 however , surely there is - '' `` i 'm not going to kill for you , kandra , '' vin said . 
 `` and even if i did kill someone , i would n't let you ... eat them . 
 plus , this will be more inconspicuous . 
 people will begin to talk if i keep replacing my stewards with unknown men . 
 i 've been telling people for months that i was thinking of dismissing you . 
 well , i 'll tell them that i finally did-nobody will think to realize that my new pet hound is actually my kandra . '' 
 she turned , nodding toward the carcass . 
 `` this will be very useful . 
 people pay less attention to hounds than they do to humans , and so you 'll be able to listen in on conversations . '' 
 oreseur 's frown deepened . 
 `` i will not do this thing easily . 
 you will need to compel me , by virtue of the contract . '' 
 `` fine , '' vin said . 
 `` you 're commanded . 
 how long will it take ? '' 
 `` a regular body only takes a few hours , '' oreseur said . 
 `` this could take longer . 
 getting that much fur to look right will be challenging . '' 
 `` get started , then , '' vin said , turning toward the door . 
 on her way , however , she noticed a small package sitting on her desk . 
 she frowned , walking over and taking off the lid . 
 a small note sat inside . 
 lady vin , here is the next alloy you requested . 
 aluminum is very difficult to acquire , but when a noble family recently left the city , i was able to buy some of their diningware . 
 i do not know if this one will work , but i believe it worth a try . 
 i have mixed the aluminum with four percent copper , and found the outcome quite promising . 
 i have read of this composition ; it is called duralumin . 
 your servant , terion vin smiled , setting aside the note and removing the rest of the box 's contents : a small pouch of metal dust and a thin silvery bar , both presumably of this `` duralumin '' metal . 
 terion was a master allomantic metallurgist . 
 though not an allomancer himself , he had been mixing alloys and creating dusts for mistborn and mistings for most of his life . 
 vin pocketed both pouch and bar , then turned toward oreseur . 
 the kandra regarded her with a flat expression . 
 `` this came for me today ? '' 
 vin asked , nodding to the box . 
 `` yes , mistress , '' oreseur said . 
 `` a few hours ago . '' 
 `` and you did n't tell me ? '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , mistress , '' oreseur said in his toneless way , `` but you did not command me to tell you if packages arrived . '' 
 vin ground her teeth . 
 he knew how anxiously she 'd been waiting for another alloy from terion . 
 all of the previous aluminum alloys they 'd tried had turned out to be duds . 
 it bothered her to know that there was another allomantic metal out there somewhere , waiting to be discovered . 
 she would n't be satisfied until she found it . 
 oreseur just sat where he was , bland expression on his face , unconscious wolfhound on the floor in front of him . 
 `` just get to work on that body , '' vin said , spinning and leaving the room to search for elend . 
 vin finally found elend in his study , going over some ledgers with a familiar figure . 
 `` dox ! '' 
 vin said . 
 he 'd retired to his rooms soon after his arrival the day before , and she had n't seen much of him . 
 dockson looked up and smiled . 
 stocky without being fat , he had short dark hair and still wore his customary half beard . 
 `` hello , vin . '' 
 `` how was terris ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` cold , '' dockson replied . 
 `` i 'm glad to be back . 
 though i wish i had n't arrived to find that army here . '' 
 `` either way , we 're glad you 've returned , dockson , '' elend said . 
 `` the kingdom practically fell apart without you . '' 
 `` that hardly seems the case , '' dockson said , closing his ledger and setting it on the stack . 
 `` all things-and armies-considered , it looks like the royal bureaucracy held together fairly well in my absence . 
 you hardly need me anymore ! '' 
 `` nonsense ! '' 
 elend said . 
 vin leaned against the door , eyeing the two men as they continued their discussion . 
 they maintained their air of forced joviality . 
 both were dedicated to making the new kingdom work , even if it meant pretending that they liked each other . 
 dockson pointed at places in the ledgers , talking about finances and what he 'd discovered in the outlying villages under elend 's control . 
 vin sighed , glancing across the room . 
 sunlight streamed through the room 's stained-glass rose window , throwing colors across the ledgers and table . 
 even now , vin still was n't accustomed to the casual richness of a noble keep . 
 the window-red and lavender-was a thing of intricate beauty . 
 yet , noblemen apparently found its like so commonplace that they had put this one in the keep 's back rooms , in the small chamber that elend now used as his study . 
 as one might expect , the room was piled with stacks of books . 
 shelves lined the walls from floor to ceiling , but they were no match for the sheer volume of elend 's growing collection . 
 she 'd never cared much for elend 's taste in books . 
 they were mostly political or historical works , things with topics as musty as their aged pages . 
 many of them had once been forbidden by the steel ministry , but somehow the old philosophers could make even salacious topics seem boring . 
 `` anyway , '' dockson said , finally closing his ledgers . 
 `` i have some things to do before your speech tomorrow , your majesty . 
 did ham say there 's a city defense meeting that evening as well ? '' 
 elend nodded . 
 `` assuming i can get the assembly to agree not to hand the city over to my father , we 'll need to come up with a strategy to deal with this army . 
 i 'll send someone for you tomorrow night . '' 
 `` good , '' dockson said . 
 with that , he nodded to elend , winked at vin , then made his way from the cluttered room . 
 as dockson shut the door , elend sighed , then relaxed back in his oversized plush chair . 
 vin walked forward . 
 `` he really is a good man , elend . '' 
 `` oh , i realize he is . 
 being a good man does n't always make one likable , however . '' 
 `` he 's nice , too , '' vin said . 
 `` sturdy , calm , stable . 
 the crew relied on him . '' 
 even though dockson was n't an allomancer , he had been kelsier 's right-hand man . 
 `` he does n't like me , vin , '' elend said . 
 `` it 's ... very hard to get along with someone who looks at me like that . '' 
 `` you 're not giving him a fair chance , '' vin complained , stopping beside elend 's chair . 
 he looked up at her , smiling wanly , his vest unbuttoned , his hair an absolute mess . 
 `` hum ... '' he said idly , taking her hand . 
 `` i really like that shirt . 
 red looks good on you . '' 
 vin rolled her eyes , letting him gently pull her into the chair and kiss her . 
 there was a passion to the kiss-a need , perhaps , for something stable . 
 vin responded , feeling herself relax as she pulled up against him . 
 a few minutes later , she sighed , feeling much better snuggled into the chair beside him . 
 he pulled her close , leaning the chair back into the window 's sunlight . 
 he smiled and glanced at her . 
 `` that 's a. . . 
 new perfume you 're wearing . '' 
 vin snorted , putting her head against his chest . 
 `` it 's not perfume , elend . 
 it 's dog . '' 
 `` ah , good , '' elend said . 
 `` i was worried that you 'd departed from your senses . 
 now , is there any particular reason why you smell like dog ? '' 
 `` i went to the market and bought one , then carried it back and fed it to oreseur , so it can be his new body . '' 
 elend paused . 
 `` why , vin . 
 that 's brilliant ! 
 nobody will suspect a dog to be a spy . 
 i wonder if anyone 's ever thought of that before ... '' `` someone must have , '' vin said . 
 `` i mean , it makes such sense . 
 i suspect those who thought of it , however , did n't share the knowledge . '' 
 `` good point , '' elend said , relaxing back . 
 yet , from as close as they were , she could still feel a tension in him . 
 tomorrow 's speech , vin thought . 
 he 's worried about it . 
 `` i must say , however , '' elend said idly , `` that i find it a bit disappointing that you 're not wearing dog-scented perfume . 
 with your social station , i could see some of the local noblewomen trying to imitate you . 
 that could be amusing indeed . '' 
 she leaned up , looking at his smirking face . 
 `` you know , elend-sometimes it 's bloody difficult to tell when you 're teasing , and when you 're just being dense . '' 
 `` that makes me more mysterious , right ? '' 
 `` something like that , '' she said , snuggling up against him again . 
 `` now , see , you do n't understand how clever that is of me , '' he said . 
 `` if people ca n't tell when i 'm being an idiot and when i 'm being a genius , perhaps they 'll assume my blunders are brilliant political maneuverings . '' 
 `` as long as they do n't mistake your actual brilliant moves for blunders . '' 
 `` that should n't be difficult , '' elend said . 
 `` i fear i have few enough of those for people to mistake . '' 
 vin looked up with concern at the edge in his voice . 
 he , however , smiled , shifting the topic . 
 `` so , oreseur the dog . 
 will he still be able to go out with you at nights ? '' 
 vin shrugged . 
 `` i guess . 
 i was n't really planning on bringing him for a while . '' 
 `` i 'd like it if you did take him , '' elend said . 
 `` i worry about you out there , every night , pushing yourself so hard . '' 
 `` i can handle it , '' vin said . 
 `` someone needs to watch over you . '' 
 `` yes , '' elend said , `` but who watches over you ? '' 
 kelsier . 
 even now , that was still her immediate reaction . 
 she 'd known him for less than a year , but that year had been the first in her life that she had felt protected . 
 kelsier was dead . 
 she , like the rest of the world , had to live without him . 
 `` i know you were hurt when you fought those allomancers the other night , '' elend said . 
 `` it would be really nice for my psyche if i knew someone was with you . '' 
 `` a kandra 's no bodyguard , '' vin said . 
 `` i know , '' elend said . 
 `` but they 're incredibly loyal-i 've never heard of one breaking contract . 
 he 'll watch out for you . 
 i worry about you , vin . 
 you wonder why i stay up so late , scribbling at my proposals ? 
 i ca n't sleep , knowing that you might be out there fighting-or , worse , lying somewhere in a street , dying because nobody was there to help you . '' 
 `` i take oreseur with me sometimes . '' 
 `` yes , '' elend said , `` but i know you find excuses to leave him behind . 
 kelsier bought you the services of an incredibly valuable servant . 
 i ca n't understand why you work so hard to avoid him . '' 
 vin closed her eyes . 
 `` elend . 
 he ate kelsier . '' 
 `` so ? '' 
 elend asked . 
 `` kelsier was already dead . 
 besides , he himself gave that order . '' 
 vin sighed , opening her eyes . 
 `` i just ... do n't trust that thing , elend . 
 the creature is unnatural . '' 
 `` i know , '' elend said . 
 `` my father always kept a kandra . 
 but , oreseur is something , at least . 
 please . 
 promise me you 'll take him with you . '' 
 `` all right . 
 but i do n't think he 's going to like the arrangement much either . 
 he and i did n't get along very well even when he was playing renoux , and i his niece . '' 
 elend shrugged . 
 `` he 'll hold to his contract . 
 that 's what is important . '' 
 `` he holds to the contract , '' vin said , `` but only grudgingly . 
 i swear that he enjoys frustrating me . '' 
 elend looked down at her . 
 `` vin , kandra are excellent servants . 
 they do n't do things like that . '' 
 `` no , elend , '' vin said . 
 `` sazed was an excellent servant . 
 he enjoyed being with people , helping them . 
 i never felt that he resented me . 
 oreseur may do everything i command , but he does n't like me ; he never has . 
 i can tell . '' 
 elend sighed , rubbing her shoulder . 
 `` do n't you think you might be a little irrational ? 
 there 's no real reason to hate him so . '' 
 `` oh ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 `` just like there 's no reason you should n't get along with dockson ? '' 
 elend paused . 
 then he sighed . 
 `` i guess you have a point , '' he said . 
 he continued to rub vin 's shoulder as he stared upward , toward the ceiling , contemplative . 
 `` what ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 `` i 'm not doing a very good job of this , am i ? '' 
 `` do n't be foolish , '' vin said . 
 `` you 're a wonderful king . '' 
 `` i might be a passable king , vin , but i 'm not him . '' 
 `` who ? '' 
 `` kelsier , '' elend said quietly . 
 `` elend , nobody expects you to be kelsier . '' 
 `` oh ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` that 's why dockson does n't like me . 
 he hates noblemen ; it 's obvious in the way that he talks , the way he acts . 
 i do n't know if i really blame him , considering the life he 's known . 
 regardless , he does n't think i should be king . 
 he thinks that a skaa should be in my place-or , even better , kelsier . 
 they all think that . '' 
 `` that 's nonsense , elend . '' 
 `` really ? 
 and if kelsier still lived , would i be king ? '' 
 vin paused . 
 `` you see ? 
 they accept me-the people , the merchants , even the noblemen . 
 but in the back of their minds , they wish they had kelsier instead . '' 
 `` i do n't wish that . '' 
 `` do n't you ? '' 
 vin frowned . 
 then she sat up , turning so that she was kneeling over elend in the reclined chair , their faces just inches apart . 
 `` do n't you ever wonder that , elend . 
 kelsier was my teacher , but i did n't love him . 
 not like i love you . '' 
 elend stared into her eyes , then nodded . 
 vin kissed him deeply , then snuggled down beside him again . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 elend eventually asked . 
 `` well , he was old , for one thing . '' 
 elend chuckled . 
 `` i seem to recall you making fun of my age as well . '' 
 `` that 's different , '' vin said . 
 `` you 're only a few years older than me-kelsier was ancient . '' 
 `` vin , thirty-eight is not ancient . '' 
 `` close enough . '' 
 elend chuckled again , but she could tell that he was n't satisfied . 
 why had she chosen elend , rather than kelsier ? 
 kelsier had been the visionary , the hero , the mistborn . 
 `` kelsier was a great man , '' vin said quietly as elend began to stroke her hair . 
 `` but ... there were things about him , elend . 
 frightening things . 
 he was intense , reckless , even a little bit cruel . 
 unforgiving . 
 he 'd slaughter people without guilt or concern , just because they upheld the final empire or worked for the lord ruler . 
 `` i could love him as a teacher and a friend . 
 but i do n't think i could ever love-not really love-a man like that . 
 i do n't blame him ; he was of the streets , like me . 
 when you struggle so hard for life , you grow strong-but you can grow harsh , too . 
 his fault or not , kelsier reminded me too much of men i. . . 
 knew when i was younger . 
 kell was a far better person than they-he really could be kind , and he did sacrifice his life for the skaa . 
 however , he was just so hard . '' 
 she closed her eyes , feeling elend 's warmth . 
 `` you , elend venture , are a good man . 
 a truly good man . '' 
 `` good men do n't become legends , '' he said quietly . 
 `` good men do n't need to become legends . '' 
 she opened her eyes , looking up at him . 
 `` they just do what 's right anyway . '' 
 elend smiled . 
 then he kissed the top of her head and leaned back . 
 they lay there for a time , in a room warm with sunlight , relaxing . 
 `` he saved my life , once , '' elend finally said . 
 `` who ? '' 
 vin asked with surprise . 
 `` kelsier ? '' 
 elend nodded . 
 `` that day after spook and oreseur were captured , the day kelsier died . 
 there was a battle in the square when ham and some soldiers tried to free the captives . '' 
 `` i was there , '' vin said . 
 `` hiding with breeze and dox in one of the alleyways . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 elend said , sounding a bit amused . 
 `` because i came looking for you . 
 i thought that they 'd arrested you , along with oreseur-he was pretending to be your uncle , then . 
 i tried to get to the cages to rescue you . '' 
 `` you did what ? 
 elend , it was a battlefield in that square ! 
 there was an inquisitor there , for the lord ruler 's sake ! '' 
 `` i know , '' elend said , smiling faintly . 
 `` see , that inquisitor is the one who tried to kill me . 
 it had its axe raised and everything . 
 and then ... kelsier was there . 
 he smashed into the inquisitor , throwing it to the ground . '' 
 `` probably just a coincidence , '' vin said . 
 `` no , '' elend said softly . 
 `` he meant it , vin . 
 he looked at me while he struggled with the inquisitor , and i saw it in his eyes . 
 i 've always wondered about that moment ; everyone tells me that kelsier hated the nobility even more than dox does . '' 
 vin paused . 
 `` he ... started to change a little at the end , i think . '' 
 `` change enough that he 'd risk himself to protect a random nobleman ? '' 
 `` he knew that i loved you , '' vin said , smiling faintly . 
 `` i guess , in the end , that proved stronger than his hatred . '' 
 `` i did n't realize ... '' he trailed off as vin turned , hearing something . 
 footsteps approaching . 
 she sat up , and a second later , ham poked his head into the room . 
 he paused when he saw vin sitting in elend 's lap , however . 
 `` oh , '' ham said . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 `` no , wait , '' vin said . 
 ham poked his head back in , and vin turned to elend . 
 `` i almost forgot why i came looking for you in the first place . 
 i got a new package from terion today . '' 
 `` another one ? '' 
 elend asked . 
 `` vin , when are you going to give this up ? '' 
 `` i ca n't afford to , '' she said . 
 `` it ca n't be all that important , can it ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i mean , if everybody 's forgotten what that last metal does , then it must not be very powerful . '' 
 `` either that , '' vin said , `` or it was so amazingly powerful that the ministry worked very hard to keep it a secret . '' 
 she slid off of the chair to stand up , then took the pouch and thin bar out of her pocket . 
 she handed the bar to elend , who sat up in his plush chair . 
 silvery and reflective , the metal-like the aluminum from which it was made-felt too light to be real . 
 any allomancer who accidentally burned aluminum had their other metal reserves stripped away from them , leaving them powerless . 
 aluminum had been kept secret by the steel ministry ; vin had only found out about it on the night when she 'd been captured by the inquisitors , the same night she 'd killed the lord ruler . 
 they had never been able to figure out the proper allomantic alloy of aluminum . 
 allomantic metals always came in pairs-iron and steel , tin and pewter , copper and bronze , zinc and brass . 
 aluminum and ... something . 
 something powerful , hopefully . 
 her atium was gone . 
 she needed an edge . 
 elend sighed , handing back the bar . 
 `` the last time you tried to burn one of those it left you sick for two days , vin . 
 i was terrified . '' 
 `` it ca n't kill me , '' vin said . 
 `` kelsier promised that burning a bad alloy would only make me sick . '' 
 elend shook his head . 
 `` even kelsier was wrong on occasion , vin . 
 did n't you say that he misunderstood how bronze worked ? '' 
 vin paused . 
 elend 's concern was so genuine that she felt herself being persuaded . 
 however ... when that army attacks , elend is going to die . 
 the city 's skaa might survive-no ruler would be foolish enough to slaughter the people of such a productive city . 
 the king , however , would be killed . 
 she could n't fight off an entire army , and she could do little to help with preparations . 
 she did know allomancy , however . 
 the better she got at it , the better she 'd be able to protect the man she loved . 
 `` i have to try it , elend , '' she said quietly . 
 `` clubs says that straff wo n't attack for a few days-he 'll need that long to rest his men from the march and scout the city for attack . 
 that means i ca n't wait . 
 if this metal does make me sick , i 'll be better in time to help fight-but only if i try it now . '' 
 elend 's face grew grim , but he did not forbid her . 
 he had learned better than that . 
 instead , he stood . 
 `` ham , you think this is a good idea ? '' 
 ham nodded . 
 he was a warrior ; to him , her gamble would make sense . 
 she 'd asked him to stay because she 'd need someone to carry her back to her bed , should this go wrong . 
 `` all right , '' elend said , turning back to vin , looking resigned . 
 vin climbed into the chair , sat back , then took a pinch of the duralumin dust and swallowed it . 
 she closed her eyes , and felt at her allomantic reserves . 
 the common eight were all there , well stocked . 
 she did n't have any atium or gold , nor did she have either of their alloys . 
 even if she 'd had atium , it was too precious to use except in an emergency-and the other three had only marginal usefulness . 
 a new reserve appeared . 
 just as one had the four times before . 
 each time she 'd burned an aluminum alloy , she 'd immediately felt a blinding headache . 
 you 'd think i 'd have learned ... she thought . 
 gritting her teeth , she reached inside and burned the new alloy . 
 nothing happened . 
 `` have you tried it yet ? '' 
 elend asked apprehensively . 
 vin nodded slowly . 
 `` no headache . 
 but ... i 'm not sure if the alloy is doing anything or not . '' 
 `` but it 's burning ? '' 
 ham asked . 
 vin nodded . 
 she felt the familiar warmth from within , the tiny fire that told her that a metal was burning . 
 she tried moving about a bit , but could n't distinguish any change to her physical self . 
 finally she just looked up and shrugged . 
 ham frowned . 
 `` if it did n't make you sick , then you 've found the right alloy . 
 each metal only has one valid alloy . '' 
 `` or , '' vin said , `` that 's what we 've always been told . '' 
 ham nodded . 
 `` what alloy was this ? '' 
 `` aluminum and copper , '' vin said . 
 `` interesting , '' ham said . 
 `` you do n't feel anything at all ? '' 
 vin shook her head . 
 `` you 'll have to practice some more . '' 
 `` looks like i 'm lucky , '' vin said , extinguishing the duralumin . 
 `` terion came up with forty different alloys he thought we could try , once we had enough aluminum . 
 this was only the fifth . '' 
 `` forty ? '' 
 elend asked incredulously . 
 `` i was n't aware that there were so many metals you could make an alloy from ! '' 
 `` you do n't have to have two metals to make an alloy , '' vin said absently . 
 `` just one metal and something else . 
 look at steel-it 's iron and carbon . '' 
 `` forty ... '' elend repeated . 
 `` and you would have tried them all ? '' 
 vin shrugged . 
 `` seemed like a good place to start . '' 
 elend looked concerned at that thought , but did n't say anything further . 
 instead , he turned to ham . 
 `` anyway , ham , was there something you wanted to see us about ? '' 
 `` nothing important , '' ham said . 
 `` i just wanted to see if vin was up for some sparring . 
 that army has me feeling antsy , and i figure vin could still use some practice with the staff . '' 
 vin shrugged . 
 `` sure . 
 why not ? '' 
 `` you want to come , el ? '' 
 ham asked . 
 `` get in some practice ? '' 
 elend laughed . 
 `` and face one of you two ? 
 i 've got my royal dignity to think of ! '' 
 vin frowned slightly , looking up at him . 
 `` you really should practice more , elend . 
 you barely know how to hold a sword , and you 're terrible with a dueling cane . '' 
 `` now , see , why would i worry about that when i have you to protect me ? '' 
 vin 's concern deepened . 
 `` we ca n't always be around you , elend . 
 i 'd worry a lot less if you were better at defending yourself . '' 
 he just smiled and pulled her to her feet . 
 `` i 'll get to it eventually , i promise . 
 but , not today-i 've got too much to think about right now . 
 how about if i just come watch you two ? 
 perhaps i 'll pick up something by observation-which is , by the way , the preferable method of weapons training , since it does n't involve me getting beaten up by a girl . '' 
 vin sighed , but did n't press the point further . 
 i write this record now , pounding it into a metal slab , because i am afraid . 
 afraid for myself , yes-i admit to being human . 
 if alendi does return from the well of ascension , i am certain that my death will be one of his first objectives . 
 he is not an evil man , but he is a ruthless one . 
 that is , i think , a product of what he has been through . 
 6 elend leaned down against the railing , looking in at the sparring yard . 
 part of him did wish to go out and practice with vin and ham . 
 however , the larger part of him just did n't see the point . 
 any assassin likely to come after me will be an allomancer , he thought . 
 i could train ten years and be no match for one of them . 
 in the yard itself , ham took a few swings with his staff , then nodded . 
 vin stepped up , holding her own staff , which was a good foot taller than she was . 
 watching the two of them , elend could n't help remarking on the disparity . 
 ham had the firm muscles and powerful build of a warrior . 
 vin looked even thinner than usual , wearing only a tight buttoned shirt and a pair of trousers , with no cloak to mask her size . 
 the inequality was enhanced by ham 's next words . 
 `` we 're practicing with the staff , not practicing pushing and pulling . 
 do n't use anything but pewter , all right ? '' 
 vin nodded . 
 it was the way they often sparred . 
 ham claimed that there was no substitute for training and practice , no matter how powerful an allomancer one was . 
 he let vin use pewter , however , because he said the enhanced strength and dexterity was disorienting unless one was accustomed to it . 
 the sparring field was like a courtyard . 
 situated in the palace barracks , it had an open-sided hallway built around it . 
 elend stood in this , roof overhead keeping the red sun out of his eyes . 
 that was nice , for a light ashfall had begun , and occasional flakes of ash floated down from the sky . 
 elend crossed his arms on the railing . 
 soldiers passed occasionally in the hallway behind , bustling with activity . 
 some , however , paused to watch ; vin and ham 's sparring sessions were something of a welcome diversion to the palace guards . 
 i should be working on my proposal , elend thought . 
 not standing here watching vin fight . 
 but ... the tension of the last few days had been so pressing that he was finding it difficult to get up the motivation to do yet another read-through of the speech . 
 what he really needed was to just spend a few moments thinking . 
 so , he simply watched . 
 vin approached ham warily , staff held in a firm , two-handed stance . 
 once , elend probably would have found trousers and shirt on a lady to be inappropriate , but he 'd been around vin too long to still be bothered by that . 
 ball gowns and dresses were beautiful-but there was something right about vin in simple garb . 
 she wore it more comfortably . 
 besides , he kind of liked how the tight clothing looked on her . 
 vin usually let others strike first , and this day was no exception . 
 staves rapped as ham engaged her , and despite her size , vin held her own . 
 after a quick exchange , they both backed away , circling warily . 
 `` my money 's on the girl . '' 
 elend turned as he noticed a form limping down the hallway toward him . 
 clubs stepped up beside elend , setting a ten-boxing coin down on the railing with a snap . 
 elend smiled to the general , and clubs scowled back-which was generally accepted as clubs 's version of a smile . 
 dockson excluded , elend had taken quickly to the other members of vin 's crew . 
 clubs , however , had taken a little getting used to . 
 the stocky man had a face like a gnarled toadstool , and he always seemed to be squinting in displeasure-an expression usually matched by his tone of voice . 
 however , he was a gifted craftsman , not to mention an allomancer-a smoker , actually , though he did n't get to use his power much anymore . 
 for the better part of a year , clubs had acted as general of elend 's military forces . 
 elend did n't know where clubs had learned to lead soldiers , but the man had a remarkable knack for it . 
 he 'd probably gotten the skill in the same place that he 'd acquired the scar on his leg-a scar that produced the hobble from which clubs drew his nickname . 
 `` they 're just sparring , clubs , '' elend said . 
 `` there wo n't be a ` winner . ' '' 
 `` they 'll end with a serious exchange , '' clubs said . 
 `` they always do . '' 
 elend paused . 
 `` you 're asking me to bet against vin , you know , '' he noted . 
 `` that could be unhealthy . '' 
 `` so ? '' 
 elend smiled , pulling out a coin . 
 clubs still kind of intimidated him , and he did n't want to risk offending the man . 
 `` where 's that worthless nephew of mine ? '' 
 clubs asked as he watched the sparring . 
 `` spook ? '' 
 elend asked . 
 `` he 's back ? 
 how 'd he get into the city ? '' 
 clubs shrugged . 
 `` he left something on my doorstep this morning . '' 
 `` a gift ? '' 
 clubs snorted . 
 `` it was a woodcarving from a master carpenter up in yelva city . 
 the note said , ' i just wanted to show you what real carpenters are up to , old man . ' '' 
 elend chuckled , but trailed off as clubs eyed him with a discomforting stare . 
 `` whelp was never this insolent before , '' clubs muttered . 
 `` i swear , you lot have corrupted the lad . '' 
 clubs almost seemed to be smiling . 
 or , was he serious ? 
 elend could n't ever decide if the man was as crusty as he seemed , or if elend was the butt of some elaborate joke . 
 `` how is the army doing ? '' 
 elend finally asked . 
 `` terribly , '' clubs said . 
 `` you want an army ? 
 give me more than one year to train it . 
 right now , i 'd barely trust those boys against a mob of old women with sticks . '' 
 great , elend thought . 
 `` ca n't do much right now , though , '' clubs grumbled . 
 `` straff is digging in some cursory fortifications , but mostly he 's just resting his men . 
 the attack will come by the end of the week . '' 
 in the courtyard , vin and ham continued to fight . 
 it was slow , for the moment , ham taking time to pause and explain principles or stances . 
 elend and clubs watched for a short time as the sparring gradually became more intense , the rounds taking longer , the two participants beginning to sweat as their feet kicked up puffs of ash in the packed , sooty earth . 
 vin gave ham a good contest despite the ridiculous differences in strength , reach , and training , and elend found himself smiling slightly despite himself . 
 she was something special-elend had realized that when he 'd first seen her in the venture ballroom , nearly two years before . 
 he was only now coming to realize how much of an understatement `` special '' was . 
 a coin snapped against the wooden railing . 
 `` my money 's on vin , too . '' 
 elend turned with surprise . 
 the man who had spoken was a soldier who had been standing with the others watching behind . 
 elend frowned . 
 `` who - '' then , elend cut himself off . 
 the beard was wrong , the posture too straight , but the man standing behind him was familiar . 
 `` spook ? '' 
 elend asked incredulously . 
 the teenage boy smiled behind an apparently fake beard . 
 `` wasing the where of calling out . '' 
 elend 's head immediately began to hurt . 
 `` lord ruler , do n't tell me you 've gone back to the dialect ? '' 
 `` oh , just for the occasional nostalgic quip , '' spook said with a laugh . 
 his words bore traces of his easterner accent ; during the first few months elend had known the boy , spook had been utterly unintelligible . 
 fortunately , the boy had grown out of using his street cant , just as he 'd managed to grow out of most of his clothing . 
 well over six feet tall , the sixteen-year-old young man hardly resembled the gangly boy elend had met a year before . 
 spook leaned against the railing beside elend , adopting a teenage boy 's lounging posture and completely destroying his image as a soldier-which , indeed , he was n't . 
 `` why the costume , spook ? '' 
 elend asked with a frown . 
 spook shrugged . 
 `` i 'm no mistborn . 
 we more mundane spies have to find ways to get information without flying up to windows and listening outside . '' 
 `` how long you been standing there ? '' 
 clubs asked , glaring at his nephew . 
 `` since before you got here , uncle grumbles , '' spook said . 
 `` and , in answer to your question , i got back a couple days ago . 
 before dockson , actually . 
 i just thought i 'd take a bit of a break before i went back to duty . '' 
 `` i do n't know if you 've noticed , spook , '' elend said , `` but we 're at war . 
 there is n't a lot of time to take breaks . '' 
 spook shrugged . 
 `` i just did n't want you to send me away again . 
 if there 's going to be war here , i want to be around . 
 you know , for the excitement . '' 
 clubs snorted . 
 `` and where did you get that uniform ? '' 
 `` uh ... well ... '' spook glanced to the side , displaying just a hint of the uncertain boy elend had known . 
 clubs grumbled something about insolent boys , but elend just laughed and clapped spook on the shoulder . 
 the boy looked up , smiling ; though he 'd been easy to ignore at first , he was proving as valuable as any of the other members of vin 's former crew . 
 as a tineye-a misting who could burn tin to enhance his senses-spook could listen to conversations from far away , not to mention notice distant details . 
 `` anyway , welcome back , '' elend said . 
 `` what 's the word from the west ? '' 
 spook shook his head . 
 `` i hate to sound too much like uncle crusty over there , but the news is n't good . 
 you know those rumors about the lord ruler 's atium being in luthadel ? 
 well , they 're back . 
 stronger this time . '' 
 `` i thought we were past that ! '' 
 elend said . 
 breeze and his team had spent the better part of six months spreading rumors and manipulating the warlords into believing that the atium must have been hidden in another city , since elend had n't found it in luthadel . 
 `` guess not , '' spook said . 
 `` and ... i think someone 's spreading these rumors intentionally . 
 i 've been on the street long enough to sense a planted story , and this rumor smells wrong . 
 someone really wants the warlords to focus on you . '' 
 great , elend thought . 
 `` you do n't know where breeze is , do you ? '' 
 spook shrugged , but he no longer seemed to be paying attention to elend . 
 he was watching the sparring . 
 elend glanced back toward vin and ham . 
 as clubs had predicted , the two had fallen into a more serious contest . 
 there was no more instruction ; there were no more quick , repetitive exchanges . 
 they sparred in earnest , fighting in a swirling melee of staffs and dust . 
 ash flew around them , blown up by the wind of their attacks , and even more soldiers paused in the surrounding hallways to watch . 
 elend leaned forward . 
 there was something intense about a duel between two allomancers . 
 vin tried an attack . 
 ham , however , swung simultaneously , his staff blurringly quick . 
 somehow , vin got her own weapon up in time , but the power of ham 's blow threw her back in a tumble . 
 she hit the ground on one shoulder . 
 she gave barely a grunt of pain , however , and somehow got a hand beneath her , throwing herself up to land on her feet . 
 she skidded for a moment , retaining her balance , holding her staff up . 
 pewter , elend thought . 
 it made even a clumsy man dexterous . 
 and , for a person normally graceful like vin ... vin 's eyes narrowed , her innate stubbornness showing in the set of her jaw , the displeasure in her face . 
 she did n't like being beaten-even when her opponent was obviously stronger than she was . 
 elend stood up straight , intending to suggest an end to the sparring . 
 at that moment , vin dashed forward . 
 ham brought his staff up expectantly , swinging as vin came within reach . 
 she ducked to the side , passing within inches of the attack , then brought her weapon around and slammed it into the back of ham 's staff , throwing him off balance . 
 then she ducked in for the attack . 
 ham , however , recovered quickly . 
 he let the force of vin 's blow spin him around , and he used the momentum to bring his staff around in a powerful blow aimed directly at vin 's chest . 
 elend cried out . 
 vin jumped . 
 she did n't have metal to push against , but that did n't seem to matter . 
 she sprang a good seven feet in the air , easily cresting ham 's staff . 
 she flipped as the swing passed beneath her , her fingers brushing the air just above the weapon , her own staff spinning in a one-handed grip . 
 vin landed , her staff already howling in a low swing , its tip throwing up a line of ash as it ran along the ground . 
 it slammed into the back of ham 's legs . 
 the blow swept ham 's feet out from beneath him , and he cried out as he fell . 
 vin jumped into the air again . 
 ham slammed to the earth on his back , and vin landed on his chest . 
 then , she calmly rapped him on the forehead with the end of her staff . 
 `` i win . '' 
 ham lay , looking dazed , vin crouching on his chest . 
 dust and ash settled quietly in the courtyard . 
 `` damn ... '' spook whispered , voicing a sentiment that seemed to be shared by the dozen or so watching soldiers . 
 finally , ham chuckled . 
 `` fine . 
 you beat me-now , if you would , kindly get me something to drink while i try to massage some feeling back into my legs . '' 
 vin smiled , hopping off his chest and scampering away to do as requested . 
 ham shook his head , climbing to his feet . 
 despite his words , he walked with barely a limp ; he 'd probably have a bruise , but it would n't bother him for long . 
 pewter not only enhanced one 's strength , balance , and speed , it also made one 's body innately stronger . 
 ham could shrug off a blow that would have shattered elend 's legs . 
 ham joined them , nodding to clubs and punching spook lightly on the arm . 
 then he leaned against the railing and rubbed his left calf , cringing slightly . 
 `` i swear , elend-sometimes sparring with that girl is like trying to fight with a gust of wind . 
 she 's never where i think she 'll be . '' 
 `` how did she do that , ham ? '' 
 elend asked . 
 `` the jump , i mean . 
 that leap seemed inhuman , even for an allomancer . '' 
 `` used steel , did n't she ? '' 
 spook said . 
 ham shook his head . 
 `` no , i doubt it . '' 
 `` then how ? '' 
 elend asked . 
 `` allomancers draw strength from their metals , '' ham said , sighing and putting his foot down . 
 `` some can squeeze out more than others-but the real power comes from the metal itself , not the person 's body . '' 
 elend paused . 
 `` so ? '' 
 `` so , '' ham said , `` an allomancer does n't have to be physically strong to be incredibly powerful . 
 if vin were a feruchemist , it would be different-if you ever see sazed increase his strength , his muscles will grow larger . 
 but with allomancy , all the strength comes directly from the metal . 
 `` now , most thugs-myself included-figure that making their bodies strong will only add to their power . 
 after all , a muscular man burning pewter will be that much stronger than a regular man of the same allomantic power . '' 
 ham rubbed his chin , eyeing the passage vin had left through . 
 `` but ... well , i 'm beginning to think that there might be another way . 
 vin 's a thin little thing , but when she burns pewter , she grows several times stronger than any normal warrior . 
 she packs all that strength into a small body , and does n't have to bother with the weight of massive muscles . 
 she 's like ... an insect . 
 far stronger than her mass or her body would indicate . 
 so , when she jumps , she can jump . '' 
 `` but you 're still stronger than she is , '' spook said . 
 ham nodded . 
 `` and i can make use of that-assuming i can ever hit her . 
 that 's getting harder and harder to do . '' 
 vin finally returned , carrying a jug of chilled juice-apparently she 'd decided to go all the way to the keep , rather than grabbing some of the warm ale kept on hand in the courtyard . 
 she handed a flagon to ham , and had thought to bring cups for elend and clubs . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 spook said as she poured . 
 `` what about me ? '' 
 `` that beard looks silly on you , '' vin said as she poured . 
 `` so i do n't get anything to drink ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 spook paused . 
 `` vin , you 're a strange girl . '' 
 vin rolled her eyes ; then she glanced toward the water barrel in the corner of the courtyard . 
 one of the tin cups lying beside it lurched into the air , shooting across the courtyard . 
 vin stuck her hand out , catching it with a slapping sound , then set it on the railing before spook . 
 `` happy ? '' 
 `` i will be once you pour me something to drink , '' spook said as clubs grunted , taking a slurp from his own cup . 
 the old general then reached over , sliding two of the coins off the railing and pocketing them . 
 `` hey , that 's right ! '' 
 spook said . 
 `` you owe me , el . 
 pay up . '' 
 elend lowered his cup . 
 `` i never agreed to the bet . '' 
 `` you paid uncle irritable . 
 why not me ? '' 
 elend paused , then sighed , pulling out a ten-boxing coin and setting it beside spook 's . 
 the boy smiled , plucking both up in a smooth street-thief gesture . 
 `` thanks for winning the bout , vin , '' he said with a wink . 
 vin frowned at elend . 
 `` you bet against me ? '' 
 elend laughed , leaning across the railing to kiss her . 
 `` i did n't mean it . 
 clubs bullied me . '' 
 clubs snorted at that comment , downed the rest of his juice , then held out his cup for a refill . 
 when vin did n't respond , he turned to spook and gave the boy a telling scowl . 
 finally , spook sighed , picking up the jug to refill the cup . 
 vin was still regarding elend with dissatisfaction . 
 `` i 'd be careful , elend , '' ham said with a chuckle . 
 `` she can hit pretty hard ... '' elend nodded . 
 `` i should know better than to antagonize her when there are weapons lying around , eh ? '' 
 `` tell me about it , '' ham said . 
 vin sniffed at that comment , rounding the railing so that she could stand next to elend . 
 elend put his arm around her , and as he did , he caught a bare flash of envy in spook 's eyes . 
 elend suspected that the boy 'd had a crush on vin for some time-but , well , elend could n't really blame him for that . 
 spook shook his head . 
 `` i 've got to find myself a woman . '' 
 `` well , that beard is n't going to help , '' vin said . 
 `` it 's just a disguise , vin , '' spook said . 
 `` el , i do n't suppose you could give me a title or something ? '' 
 elend smiled . 
 `` i do n't think that will matter , spook . '' 
 `` it worked for you . '' 
 `` oh , i do n't know , '' elend said . 
 `` somehow , i think vin fell in love with me despite my title , rather than because of it . '' 
 `` but you had others before her , '' spook said . 
 `` noble girls . '' 
 `` a couple , '' elend admitted . 
 `` though vin has a habit of killing off her competition , '' ham quipped . 
 elend laughed . 
 `` now , see , she only did that once . 
 and i think shan deserved it-she was , after all , trying to assassinate me at the time . '' 
 he looked down fondly , eyeing vin . 
 `` though , i do have to admit , vin is a bit hard on other women . 
 with her around , everybody else looks bland by comparison . '' 
 spook rolled his eyes . 
 `` it 's more interesting when she kills them off . '' 
 ham chuckled , letting spook pour him some more juice . 
 `` lord ruler only knows what she 'd do to you if you ever tried to leave her , elend . '' 
 vin stiffened immediately , pulling him a little tighter . 
 she 'd been abandoned far too many times . 
 even after what they 'd been through , even after his proposal of marriage , elend had to keep promising vin that he was n't going to leave her . 
 time to change the topic , elend thought , the joviality of the moment fading . 
 `` well , '' he said , `` i think i 'm going to go visit the kitchens and get something to eat . 
 you coming , vin ? '' 
 vin glanced at the sky-likely checking to see how soon it would grow dark . 
 finally , she nodded . 
 `` i 'll come , '' spook said . 
 `` no you wo n't , '' clubs said , grabbing the boy by the back of the neck . 
 `` you 're going to stay right here and explain exactly where you got one of my soldiers ' uniforms . '' 
 elend chuckled , leading vin away . 
 truth be told , even with the slightly sour end of conversation , he felt better for having come to watch the sparring . 
 it was strange how the members of kelsier 's crew could laugh and make light , even during the most terrible of situations . 
 they had a way of making him forget about his problems . 
 perhaps that was a holdover from the survivor . 
 kelsier had , apparently , insisted on laughing , no matter how bad the situation . 
 it had been a form of rebellion to him . 
 none of that made the problems go away . 
 they still faced an army several times larger than their own , in a city that they could barely defend . 
 yet , if anyone could survive such a situation , it would be kelsier 's crew . 
 later that night , having filled her stomach at elend 's insistence , vin made her way with elend to her rooms . 
 there , sitting on the floor , was a perfect replica of the wolfhound she had bought earlier . 
 it eyed her , then bowed its head . 
 `` welcome back , mistress , '' the kandra said in a growling , muffled voice . 
 elend whistled appreciatively , and vin walked in a circle around the creature . 
 each hair appeared to have been placed perfectly . 
 if it had n't spoken , one would never have been able to tell it was n't the original dog . 
 `` how do you manage the voice ? '' 
 elend asked curiously . 
 `` a voice box is a construction of flesh , not bone , your majesty , '' oreseur said . 
 `` older kandra learn to manipulate their bodies , not just replicate them . 
 i still need to digest a person 's corpse to memorize and re-create their exact features . 
 however , i can improvise some things . '' 
 vin nodded . 
 `` is that why making this body took you so much longer than you 'd said ? '' 
 `` no , mistress , '' oreseur said . 
 `` the hair . 
 i 'm sorry i did n't warn you-placing fur like this takes a great deal of precision and effort . '' 
 `` actually , you did mention it , '' vin said , waving her hand . 
 `` what do you think of the body , oreseur ? '' 
 elend asked . 
 `` honestly , your majesty ? '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 `` it is offensive and degrading , '' oreseur said . 
 vin raised an eyebrow . 
 that 's forward of you , renoux , she thought . 
 feeling a little belligerent today , are we ? 
 he glanced at her , and she tried-unsuccessfully-to read his canine expression . 
 `` but , '' elend said , `` you 'll wear the body anyway , right ? '' 
 `` of course , your majesty , '' oreseur said . 
 `` i would die before breaking the contract . 
 it is life . '' 
 elend nodded to vin , as if he 'd just made a major point . 
 anyone can claim loyalty , vin thought . 
 if someone has a `` contract '' to ensure their honor , then all the better . 
 that makes the surprise more poignant when they do turn on you . 
 elend was obviously waiting for something . 
 vin sighed . 
 `` oreseur , we 'll be spending more time together in the future . '' 
 `` if that is what you wish , mistress . '' 
 `` i 'm not sure if it is or not , '' vin said . 
 `` but it 's going to happen anyway . 
 how well can you move about in that body ? '' 
 `` well enough , mistress . '' 
 `` come on , '' she said , `` let 's see if you can keep up . '' 
 i am also afraid , however , that all i have known-that my story-will be forgotten . 
 i am afraid for the world that is to come . 
 afraid that my plans will fail . 
 afraid of a doom worse , even , than the deepness . 
 7 sazed never thought he 'd have reason to appreciate dirt floors . 
 however , they proved remarkably useful in writing instruction . 
 he drew several words in the dirt with a long stick , giving his half-dozen students a model . 
 they proceeded to scribble their own copies , rewriting the words several times . 
 even after living among various groups of rural skaa for a year , sazed was still surprised by their meager resources . 
 there was n't a single piece of chalk in the entire village , let alone ink or paper . 
 half the children ran around nak * d , and the only shelters were the hovels-long , one-room structures with patchy roofs . 
 the skaa had farming tools , fortunately , but no manner of bows or slings for hunting . 
 sazed had led a scavenging mission up to the plantation 's abandoned manor . 
 the leavings had been meager . 
 he 'd suggested that the village elders relocate their people to the manor itself for the winter , but he doubted they would do so . 
 they had visited the manor with apprehension , and many had n't been willing to leave sazed 's side . 
 the place reminded them of lords-and lords reminded them of pain . 
 his students continued to scribble . 
 he had spent quite a bit of effort explaining to the elders why writing was so important . 
 finally , they had chosen him some students-partially , sazed was sure , just to appease him . 
 he shook his head slowly as he watched them write . 
 there was no passion in their learning . 
 they came because they were ordered , and because `` master terrisman '' willed it , not because of any real desire for education . 
 during the days before the collapse , sazed had often imagined what the world would be like once the lord ruler was gone . 
 he had pictured the keepers emerging , bringing forgotten knowledge and truths to an excited , thankful populace . 
 he 'd imagined teaching before a warm hearth at night , telling stories to an eager audience . 
 he 'd never paused to consider a village , stripped of its working men , whose people were too exhausted at night to bother with tales from the past . 
 he 'd never imagined a people who seemed more annoyed by his presence than thankful . 
 you must be patient with them , sazed told himself sternly . 
 his dreams now seemed like hubris . 
 the keepers who had come before him , the hundreds who had died keeping their knowledge safe and quiet , had never expected praise or accolades . 
 they had performed their great task with solemn anonymity . 
 sazed stood up and inspected his students ' writings . 
 they were getting better-they could recognize all of the letters . 
 it was n't much , but it was a start . 
 he nodded to the group , dismissing them to help prepare the evening meal . 
 they bowed , then scattered . 
 sazed followed them out , then realized how dim the sky was ; he had probably kept his students too late . 
 he shook his head as he strolled between the hill-like hovels . 
 he again wore his steward 's robes , with their colorful v-shaped patterns , and he had put in several of his earrings . 
 he kept to the old ways because they were familiar , even though they were also a symbol of oppression . 
 how would future terris generations dress ? 
 would a lifestyle forced upon them by the lord ruler become an innate part of their culture ? 
 he paused at the edge of the village , glancing down the corridor of the southern valley . 
 it was filled with blackened soil occasionally split by brown vines or shrubs . 
 no mist , of course ; mist came only during the night . 
 the stories had to be mistakes . 
 the thing he 'd seen had to have been a fluke . 
 and what did it matter if it was n't ? 
 it was n't his duty to investigate such things . 
 now that the collapse had come , he had to disperse his knowledge , not waste his time chasing after foolish stories . 
 keepers were no longer investigators , but instructors . 
 he carried with him thousands of books-information about farming , about sanitation , about government , and about medicine . 
 he needed to give these things to the skaa . 
 that was what the synod had decided . 
 and yet , a part of sazed resisted . 
 that made him feel deeply guilty ; the villagers needed his teachings , and he wished dearly to help them . 
 however ... he felt that he was missing something . 
 the lord ruler was dead , but the story did not seem finished . 
 was there something he had overlooked ? 
 something larger , even , than the lord ruler ? 
 something so large , so big , that it was effectively invisible ? 
 or , do i just want there to be something else ? 
 he wondered . 
 i 've spent most of my adult life resisting and fighting , taking risks that the other keepers called mad . 
 i was n't content with feigned subservience-i had to get involved in the rebellion . 
 despite that rebellion 's success , sazed 's brethren still had n't forgiven him for his involvement . 
 he knew that vin and the others saw him as docile , but compared with other keepers he was a wild man . 
 a reckless , untrustworthy fool who threatened the entire order with his impatience . 
 they had believed their duty was to wait , watching for the day when the lord ruler was gone . 
 feruchemists were too rare to risk in open rebellion . 
 sazed had disobeyed . 
 now he was having trouble living the peaceful life of a teacher . 
 was that because some subconscious part of him knew that the people were still in danger , or was it because he simply could n't accept being marginalized ? 
 `` master terrisman ! '' 
 sazed spun . 
 the voice was terrified . 
 another death in the mists ? 
 he thought immediately . 
 it was eerie how the other skaa remained inside their hovels despite the horrified voice . 
 a few doors creaked , but nobody rushed out in alarm-or even curiosity-as the screamer dashed up to sazed . 
 she was one of the fieldworkers , a stout , middle-aged woman . 
 sazed checked his reserves as she approached ; he had on his pewtermind for strength , of course , and a very small steel ring for speed . 
 suddenly , he wished he 'd chosen to wear just a few more bracelets this day . 
 `` master terrisman ! '' 
 the woman said , out of breath . 
 `` oh , he 's come back ! 
 he 's come for us ! '' 
 `` who ? '' 
 sazed asked . 
 `` the man who died in the mists ? '' 
 `` no , master terrisman . 
 the lord ruler . '' 
 sazed found him standing just outside the village . 
 it was already growing dark , and the woman who 'd fetched sazed had returned to her hovel in fear . 
 sazed could only imagine how the poor people felt-trapped by the onset of the night and its mist , yet huddled and worried at the danger that lurked outside . 
 and an ominous danger it was . 
 the stranger waited quietly on the worn road , wearing a black robe , standing almost as tall as sazed himself . 
 the man was bald , and he wore no jewelry-unless , of course , you counted the massive iron spikes that had been driven point-first through his eyes . 
 not the lord ruler . 
 a steel inquisitor . 
 sazed still did n't understand how the creatures continued to live . 
 the spikes were wide enough to fill the inquisitor 's entire eye sockets ; the nails had destroyed the eyes , and pointed tips jutted out the back of the skull . 
 no blood dripped from the wounds-for some reason , that made them seem more strange . 
 fortunately , sazed knew this particular inquisitor . 
 `` marsh , '' sazed said quietly as the mists began to form . 
 `` you are a very difficult person to track , terrisman , '' marsh said-and the sound of his voice shocked sazed . 
 it had changed , somehow , becoming more grating , more gristly . 
 it now had a grinding quality , like that of a man with a cough . 
 just like the other inquisitors sazed had heard . 
 `` track ? '' 
 sazed asked . 
 `` i was n't planning on others needing to find me . '' 
 `` regardless , '' marsh said , turning south . 
 `` i did . 
 you need to come with me . '' 
 sazed frowned . 
 `` what ? 
 marsh , i have a work to do here . '' 
 `` unimportant , '' marsh said , turning back , focusing his eyeless gaze on sazed . 
 is it me , or has he become stranger since we last met ? 
 sazed shivered . 
 `` what is this about , marsh ? '' 
 `` the conventical of seran is empty . '' 
 sazed paused . 
 the conventical was a ministry stronghold to the south-a place where the inquisitors and high obligators of the lord ruler 's religion had retreated after the collapse . 
 `` empty ? '' 
 sazed asked . 
 `` that is n't likely , i think . '' 
 `` true nonetheless , '' marsh said . 
 he did n't use body language as he spoke-no gesturing , no movements of the face . 
 `` i. . . '' 
 sazed trailed off . 
 what kinds of information , wonders , secrets , the conventical 's libraries must hold . 
 `` you must come with me , '' marsh said . 
 `` i may need help , should my brethren discover us . '' 
 my brethren . 
 since when are the inquisitors marsh 's `` brethren '' ? 
 marsh had infiltrated their numbers as part of kelsier 's plan to overthrow the final empire . 
 he was a traitor to their numbers , not their brother . 
 sazed hesitated . 
 marsh 's profile looked ... unnatural , even unnerving , in the dim light . 
 dangerous . 
 do n't be foolish , sazed chastised himself . 
 marsh was kelsier 's brother-the survivor 's only living relative . 
 as an inquisitor , marsh had authority over the steel ministry , and many of the obligators had listened to him despite his involvement with the rebellion . 
 he had been an invaluable resource for elend venture 's fledgling government . 
 `` go get your things , '' marsh said . 
 my place is here , sazed thought . 
 teaching the people , not gallivanting across the countryside , chasing my own ego . 
 and yet ... `` the mists are coming during the day , '' marsh said quietly . 
 sazed looked up . 
 marsh was staring at him , the heads of his spikes shining like round disks in the last slivers of sunlight . 
 superstitious skaa thought that inquisitors could read minds , though sazed knew that was foolish . 
 inquisitors had the powers of mistborn , and could therefore influence other people 's emotions-but they could not read minds . 
 `` why did you say that ? '' 
 sazed asked . 
 `` because it is true , '' marsh said . 
 `` this is not over , sazed . 
 it has not yet begun . 
 the lord ruler ... he was just a delay . 
 a cog . 
 now that he is gone , we have little time remaining . 
 come with me to the conventical-we must search it while we have the opportunity . '' 
 sazed paused , then nodded . 
 `` let me go explain to the villagers . 
 we can leave tonight , i think . '' 
 marsh nodded , but he did n't move as sazed retreated to the village . 
 he just remained , standing in the darkness , letting the mist gather around him . 
 it all comes back to poor alendi . 
 i feel bad for him , and for all the things he has been forced to endure . 
 for what he has been forced to become . 
 8 vin threw herself into the mists . 
 she soared in the night air , passing over darkened homes and streets . 
 an occasional , furtive bob of light glowed in the mists-a guard patrol , or perhaps an unfortunate late-night traveler . 
 vin began to descend , and she immediately flipped a coin out before herself . 
 she pushed against it , her weight plunging it down into the quiet depths . 
 as soon as it hit the street below , her push forced her upward , and she sprang back into the air . 
 soft pushes were very difficult-so each coin she pushed against , each jump she made , threw her into the air at a terrible speed . 
 the jumping of a mistborn was n't like a bird 's flight . 
 it was more like the path of a ricocheting arrow . 
 and yet , there was a grace to it . 
 vin breathed deeply as she arced above the city , tasting the cool , humid air . 
 luthadel by day smelled of burning forges , sun-heated refuse , and fallen ash . 
 at night , however , the mists gave the air a beautiful chill crispness-almost a cleanliness . 
 vin crested her jump , and she hung for just a brief moment as her momentum changed . 
 then she began to plummet back toward the city . 
 her mistcloak tassels fluttered around her , mingling with her hair . 
 she fell with her eyes closed , remembering her first few weeks in the mist , training beneath kelsier 's relaxed-yet watchful-tutelage . 
 he had given her this . 
 freedom . 
 despite two years as a mistborn , she had never lost the sense of intoxicating wonder she felt when soaring through the mists . 
 she burned steel with her eyes closed ; the lines appeared anyway , visible as a spray of threadlike blue lines set against the blackness of her eyelids . 
 she picked two , pointing downward behind her , and pushed , throwing herself into an other arc . 
 what did i ever do without this ? 
 vin thought , opening her eyes , whipping her mistcloak behind her with a throw of the arm . 
 eventually , she began to fall again , and this time she did n't toss a coin . 
 she burned pewter to strengthen her limbs , and landed with a thump on the wall surrounding keep venture 's grounds . 
 her bronze showed no signs of allomantic activity nearby , and her steel revealed no unusual patterns of metal moving toward the keep . 
 vin crouched on the dark wall for a few moments , right at the edge , toes curling over the lip of the stone . 
 the rock was cool beneath her feet , and her tin made her skin far more sensitive than normal . 
 she could tell that the wall needed to be cleaned ; lichens were beginning to grow along its side , encouraged by the night 's humidity , protected from the day 's sun by a nearby tower . 
 vin remained quiet , watching a slight breeze push and churn the mists . 
 she heard the movement on the street below before she saw it . 
 she tensed , checking her reserves , before she was able to discern a wolfhound 's shape in the shadows . 
 she dropped a coin over the side of the wall , then leapt off . 
 oreseur waited as she landed quietly before him , using a quick push on the coin to slow her descent . 
 `` you move quickly , '' vin noted appreciatively . 
 `` all i had to do was round the palace grounds , mistress . '' 
 `` still , you stuck closer to me this time than you ever did before . 
 that wolfhound 's body is faster than a human one . '' 
 oreseur paused . 
 `` i suppose , '' he admitted . 
 `` think you can follow me through the city ? '' 
 `` probably , '' oreseur said . 
 `` if you lose me , i will return to this point so you can retrieve me . '' 
 vin turned and dashed down a side street . 
 oreseur then took off quietly behind her , following . 
 let 's see how well he does in a more demanding chase , she thought , burning pewter and increasing her speed . 
 she sprinted along the cool cobbles , barefoot as always . 
 a normal man could never have maintained such a speed . 
 even a trained runner could n't have kept pace with her , for he would have quickly tired . 
 with pewter , however , vin could run for hours at breakneck speeds . 
 it gave her strength , lent her an unreal sense of balance , as she shot down the dark , mist-ruled street , a flurry of cloak tassels and bare feet . 
 oreseur kept pace . 
 he loped beside her in the night , breathing heavily , focused on his running . 
 impressive , vin thought , then turned down an alleyway . 
 she easily jumped the six-foot-tall fence at the back , passing into the garden of some lesser nobleman 's mansion . 
 she spun , skidding on the wet grass , and watched . 
 oreseur crested the top of the wooden fence , his dark , canine form dropping through the mists to land in the loam before vin . 
 he came to a stop , resting on his haunches , waiting quietly , panting . 
 there was a look of defiance in his eyes . 
 all right , vin thought , pulling out a handful of coins . 
 follow this . 
 she dropped a coin and threw herself backward up into the air . 
 she spun in the mists , twisting , then pushed herself sideways off a well spigot . 
 she landed on a rooftop and jumped off , using another coin to push herself over the street below . 
 she kept going , leaping from rooftop to rooftop , using coins when necessary . 
 she occasionally shot a glance behind , and saw a dark form struggling to keep up . 
 he 'd rarely followed her as a human ; usually , she had checked in with him at specific points . 
 moving out in the night , jumping through the mists ... this was the true domain of the mistborn . 
 did elend understand what he asked when he told her to bring oreseur with her ? 
 if she stayed down on the streets , she 'd expose herself . 
 she landed on a rooftop , jarring to a sudden halt as she grabbed hold of the building 's stone lip , leaning out over a street three stories below . 
 she maintained her balance , mist swirling below her . 
 all was silent . 
 well , that did n't take long , she thought . 
 i 'll just have to explain to elend that - oreseur 's canine form thumped to the rooftop a short distance away . 
 he padded over to her , then sat down on his haunches , waiting expectantly . 
 vin frowned . 
 she 'd traveled for a good ten minutes , running over rooftops with the speed of a mistborn . 
 `` how ... how did you get up here ? '' 
 she demanded . 
 `` i jumped atop a shorter building , then used it to reach these tenements , mistress , '' oreseur said . 
 `` then i followed you along the rooftops . 
 they are placed so closely together that it was not difficult to jump from one to another . '' 
 vin 's confusion must have shown , for oreseur continued . 
 `` i may have been ... hasty in my judgment of these bones , mistress . 
 they certainly do have an impressive sense of smell-in fact , all of their senses are quite keen . 
 it was surprisingly easy to track you , even in the darkness . '' 
 `` i. . . 
 see , '' vin said . 
 `` well , that 's good . '' 
 `` might i ask , mistress , the purpose of that chase ? '' 
 vin shrugged . 
 `` i do this sort of thing every night . '' 
 `` it seemed like you were particularly intent on losing me . 
 it will be very difficult to protect you if you do n't let me stay near you . '' 
 `` protect me ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 `` you ca n't even fight . '' 
 `` the contract forbids me from killing a human , '' oreseur said . 
 `` i could , however , go for help should you need it . '' 
 or throw me a bit of atium in a moment of danger , vin admitted . 
 he 's right-he could be useful . 
 why am i so determined to leave him behind ? 
 she glanced over at oreseur , who sat patiently , his chest puffing from exertion . 
 she had n't realized that kandra even needed to breathe . 
 he ate kelsier . 
 `` come on , '' vin said . 
 she jumped from the building , pushing herself off a coin . 
 she did n't pause to see if oreseur followed . 
 as she fell , she reached for another coin , but decided not to use it . 
 she pushed against a passing window bracket instead . 
 like most mistborn , she often used clips-the smallest denomination of coin-to jump . 
 it was very convenient that the economy supplied a prepackaged bit of metal of an ideal size and weight for jumping and shooting . 
 to most mistborn , the cost of a thrown clip-or even a bag of them-was negligible . 
 but vin was not most mistborn . 
 in her younger years , a handful of clips would have seemed an amazing treasure . 
 that much money could have meant food for weeks , if she scrimped . 
 it also could have meant pain-even death-if the other thieves had discovered that she 'd obtained such a fortune . 
 it had been a long time since she 'd gone hungry . 
 though she still kept a pack of dried foods in her quarters , she did so more out of habit than anxiety . 
 she honestly was n't sure what she thought of the changes within her . 
 it was nice not to have to worry about basic necessities-and yet , those worries had been replaced by ones far more daunting . 
 worries involving the future of an entire nation . 
 the future of ... a people . 
 she landed on the city wall-a structure much higher , and much better fortified , than the small wall around keep venture . 
 she hopped up on the battlements , fingers seeking a hold on one of the merlons as she leaned over the edge of the wall , looking out over the army 's fires . 
 she had never met straff venture , but she had heard enough from elend to be worried . 
 she sighed , pushing back off the battlement and hopping onto the wall walk . 
 then she leaned back against one of the merlons . 
 to the side , oreseur trotted up the wall steps and approached . 
 once again , he went down onto his haunches , watching patiently . 
 for better or for worse , vin 's simple life of starvation and beatings was gone . 
 elend 's fledgling kingdom was in serious danger , and she 'd burned away the last of his atium trying to keep herself alive . 
 she 'd left him exposed-not just to armies , but to any mistborn assassin who tried to kill him . 
 an assassin like the watcher , perhaps ? 
 the mysterious figure who had interfered in her fight against cett 's mistborn . 
 what did he want ? 
 why did he watch her , rather than elend ? 
 vin sighed , reaching into her coin pouch and pulling out her bar of duralumin . 
 she still had the reserve of it within her , the bit she 'd swallowed earlier . 
 for centuries , it had been assumed that there were only ten allomantic metals : the four base metals and their alloys , plus atium and gold . 
 yet , allomantic metals always came in pairs-a base metal and an alloy . 
 it had always bothered vin that atium and gold were considered a pair , when neither was an alloy of the other . 
 in the end , it had turned out that they were n't actually paired ; they each had an alloy . 
 one of these-malatium , the so-called eleventh metal-had eventually given vin the clue she 'd needed to defeat the lord ruler . 
 somehow kelsier had found out about malatium . 
 sazed still had n't been able to trace the `` legends '' that kelsier had supposedly uncovered teaching of the eleventh metal and its power to defeat the lord ruler . 
 vin rubbed her finger on the slick surface of the duralumin bar . 
 when vin had last seen sazed , he 'd seemed frustrated-or , at least , as frustrated as sazed ever grew-that he could n't find even hints regarding kelsier 's supposed legends . 
 though sazed claimed he 'd left luthadel to teach the people of the final empire-as was his duty as a keeper-vin had n't missed the fact that sazed had gone south . 
 the direction in which kelsier claimed to have discovered the eleventh metal . 
 are there rumors about this metal , too ? 
 vin wondered , rubbing the duralumin . 
 ones that might tell me what it does ? 
 each of the other metals produced an immediate , visible effect ; only copper , with its ability to create a cloud that masked an allomancer 's powers from others , did n't have an obvious sensory clue to its purpose . 
 perhaps duralumin was similar . 
 could its effect be noticed only by another allomancer , one trying to use his or her powers on vin ? 
 it was the opposite of aluminum , which made metals disappear . 
 did that mean duralumin would make other metals last longer ? 
 movement . 
 vin just barely caught the hint of shadowed motion . 
 at first , a primal bit of terror rose in her : was it the misty form , the ghost in the darkness she had seen the night before ? 
 you were just seeing things , she told herself forcefully . 
 you were too tired . 
 and , in truth , the glimmer of motion proved too dark-too real-to be the same ghostly image . 
 it was him . 
 he stood atop one of the watchtowers-not crouching , not even bothering to hide . 
 was he arrogant or foolish , this unknown mistborn ? 
 vin smiled , her apprehension turning to excitement . 
 she prepared her metals , checking her reserves . 
 everything was ready . 
 tonight i catch you , my friend . 
 vin spun , throwing out a spray of coins . 
 either the mistborn knew he 'd been spotted , or he was ready for an attack , for he easily dodged . 
 oreseur hopped to his feet , spinning , and vin whipped her belt free , dropping her metals . 
 `` follow if you can , '' she whispered to the kandra , then sprang into the darkness after her prey . 
 the watcher shot away , bounding through the night . 
 vin had little experience chasing another mistborn ; her only real chance to practice had come during kelsier 's training sessions . 
 she soon found herself struggling to keep up with the watcher , and she felt a stab of guilt for what she had done to oreseur earlier . 
 she was learning firsthand how difficult it was to follow a determined mistborn through the mists . 
 and she did n't have the advantage of a dog 's sense of smell . 
 she did , however , have tin . 
 it made the night clearer and enhanced her hearing . 
 with it , she managed to follow the watcher as he moved toward the center of the city . 
 eventually , he let himself drop down toward one of the central fountain squares . 
 vin fell as well , hitting the slick cobblestones with a flare of pewter , then dodging to the side as he threw out a handful of coins . 
 metal rang against stone in the quiet night , coins plinging against statues and cobblestones . 
 vin smiled as she landed on all fours ; then she bounded forward , jumping with pewter-enhanced muscles and pulling one of the coins up into her hand . 
 her opponent leaped backward , landing on the edge of a nearby fountain . 
 vin landed , then dropped her coin , using it to throw herself upward over the watcher 's head . 
 he stooped , watching warily as she passed over him . 
 vin caught of one of the bronze statues at the center of the fountain itself and pulled herself to a stop atop it . 
 she crouched on the uneven footing , looking down at her opponent . 
 he stood balanced on one foot at the edge of the fountain , quiet and black in the churning mists . 
 there was a. . . 
 challenge in his posture . 
 can you catch me ? 
 he seemed to ask . 
 vin whipped her daggers out and jumped free of the statue . 
 she pushed herself directly toward the watcher , using the cool bronze as an anchor . 
 the watcher used the statue as well , pulling himself forward . 
 he shot just beneath vin , throwing up a wave of water , his incredible speed letting him skid like a stone across the fountain 's still surface . 
 as he jumped clear of the water , he pushed himself away , shooting across the square . 
 vin landed on the fountain lip , chill water spraying across her . 
 she growled , jumping after the watcher . 
 as he landed , he spun and whipped out his own daggers . 
 she rolled beneath his first attack , then brought her daggers up in a two-handed double jab . 
 the watcher jumped quickly out of the way , his daggers sparkling and dropping beads of fountain water . 
 he had a lithe power about him as he came to rest in a crouch . 
 his body looked tense and sure . 
 capable . 
 vin smiled again , breathing quickly . 
 she had n't felt like this since ... since those nights so long ago , when she 'd sparred with kelsier . 
 she remained in a crouch , waiting , watching the mist curl between her and her opponent . 
 he was of medium height , had a wiry build , and he wore no mistcloak . 
 why no cloak ? 
 mistcloaks were the ubiquitous mark of her kind , a symbol of pride and security . 
 she was too far away to distinguish his face . 
 she thought she saw a hint of a smile , however , as he jumped backward and pushed against another statue . 
 the chase began again . 
 vin followed him through the city , flaring steel , landing on roofs and streets , pushing herself in great arcing leaps . 
 the two bounded through luthadel like children on a playground-vin trying to cut off her opponent , he cleverly managing to stay just a little bit ahead of her . 
 he was good . 
 far better than any mistborn she had known or faced , save perhaps for kelsier . 
 however , she 'd grown greatly in skill since she 'd sparred with the survivor . 
 could this newcomer be even better ? 
 the thought thrilled her . 
 she 'd always considered kelsier a paradigm of allomantic ability , and it was easy to forget that he 'd had his powers for only a couple of years before the collapse . 
 that 's the same amount of time that i 've been training , vin realized as she landed in a small , cramped street . 
 she frowned , crouching , remaining still . 
 she 'd seen the watcher fall toward this street . 
 narrow and poorly maintained , the street was practically an alleyway , lined on both sides by three - and four-story buildings . 
 there was no motion-either the watcher had slipped away or he was hiding nearby . 
 she burned iron , but the iron-lines revealed no motion . 
 however , there was another way ... vin pretended to still be looking around , but she turned on her bronze , flaring it , trying to pierce the coppercloud that she thought might be close . 
 and there he was . 
 hiding in a room behind the mostly closed shutters of a derelict building . 
 now that she knew where to look , she saw the bit of metal he 'd probably used to jump up to the second story , the latch he must have pulled on to quickly close the shutters behind him . 
 he 'd probably scouted this street beforehand , always intending to lose her here . 
 clever , vin thought . 
 he could n't have anticipated her ability to pierce copperclouds . 
 but , attacking him now might give away that ability . 
 vin stood quietly , thinking of him crouching above , tensely waiting for her to move off . 
 she smiled . 
 reaching inside , she examined the duralumin reserve . 
 there was a possible way to discover if burning it created some change in the way she looked to another mistborn . 
 the watcher was likely burning most of his metals , trying to determine what her next move would be . 
 so , thinking herself incredibly clever , vin burned the fourteenth metal . 
 a massive explosion sounded in her ears . 
 vin gasped , dropping to her knees in shock . 
 everything grew bright around her , as if some crack of energy had illuminated the entire street . 
 and she felt cold ; frigidly , stunningly cold . 
 she moaned , trying to make sense of the sound . 
 it ... it was n't an explosion , but many explosions . 
 a rhythmic thudding , like a drum pounding just beside her . 
 her heart-beat . 
 and the breeze , loud as a howling wind . 
 the scratchings of a dog searching for food . 
 someone snoring in their sleep . 
 it was as if her hearing had been magnified a hundred times . 
 and then ... nothing . 
 vin fell backward against the cobblestones , the sudden rush of light , coldness , and sound evaporating . 
 a form moved in the shadows nearby , but she could n't make it out-she could n't see in the darkness anymore . 
 her tin was ... gone , she realized , coming to . 
 my entire store of tin has been burned away . 
 i was ... burning it , when i turned on the duralumin . 
 i burned them both at once . 
 that 's the secret . 
 the duralumin had burned away all her tin in a single , massive burst . 
 it had made her senses amazingly acute for a very short time , but had stolen away her entire reserve . 
 and , looking , she could see that her bronze and her pewter-the other metals she 'd been burning at the time-were gone as well . 
 the onrush of sensory information had been so vast that she had n't noticed the effects of the other two . 
 think about it later , vin told herself , shaking her head . 
 she felt like she should be deafened and blinded , but she was n't . 
 she was just a bit stunned . 
 the dark form moved up beside her in the mists . 
 she did n't have time to recover ; she pushed herself to her feet , stumbling . 
 the form , it was too short to be the watcher . 
 it was ... `` mistress , do you require assistance ? '' 
 vin paused as oreseur padded up to her , then sat on his haunches . 
 `` you ... managed to follow , '' vin said . 
 `` it was not easy , mistress , '' oreseur said flatly . 
 `` do you require assistance ? '' 
 `` what ? 
 no , no assistance . '' 
 vin shook her head , clearing her mind . 
 `` i guess that 's one thing i did n't think of by making you a dog . 
 you ca n't carry metals for me now . '' 
 the kandra cocked his head , then padded over into an alleyway . 
 he returned a moment later with something in his mouth . 
 her belt . 
 he dropped it by her feet , then returned to his waiting position . 
 vin picked up the belt , pulling off one of her extra metal vials . 
 `` thank you , '' she said slowly . 
 `` that is very ... thoughtful of you . '' 
 `` i fulfill my contract , mistress , '' the kandra said . 
 `` nothing more . '' 
 well , this is more than you 've ever done before , she thought , downing a vial and feeling her reserves return . 
 she burned tin , restoring her night vision , releasing a veil of tension from her mind ; since she 'd discovered her powers , she 'd never had to go out at night in complete darkness . 
 the shutters of the watcher 's room were open ; he had apparently fled during her fit . 
 vin sighed . 
 `` mistress ! '' 
 oreseur snapped . 
 vin spun . 
 a man landed quietly behind her . 
 he looked ... familiar , for some reason . 
 he had a lean face-topped with dark hair-and his head was cocked slightly in confusion . 
 she could see the question in his eyes . 
 why had she fallen down ? 
 vin smiled . 
 `` maybe i just did it to lure you closer , '' she whispered-softly , yet loud enough that she knew tin-enhanced ears would hear her . 
 the mistborn smiled , then tipped his head to her as if in respect . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 vin asked , stepping forward . 
 `` an enemy , '' he replied , holding up a hand to ward her back . 
 vin paused . 
 mist swirled between them on the quiet street . 
 `` why , then , did you help me fight those assassins ? '' 
 `` because , '' he said . 
 `` i 'm also insane . '' 
 vin frowned , eyeing the man . 
 she had seen insanity before in the eyes of beggars . 
 this man was not insane . 
 he stood proudly , eyes controlled as he regarded her in the darkness . 
 what kind of game is he playing ? 
 she wondered . 
 her instincts-a lifetime 's worth of instincts-warned her to be wary . 
 she had only just learned to trust her friends , and she was n't about to offer the same privilege to a man she had met in the night . 
 and yet , it had been over a year since she 'd spoken with another mistborn . 
 there were conflicts within her that she could n't explain to the others . 
 even mistings , like ham and breeze , could n't understand the strange dual life of a mistborn . 
 part assassin , part bodyguard , part noblewoman ... part confused , quiet girl . 
 did this man have similar troubles with his identity ? 
 perhaps she could make an ally out of him , bringing a second mistborn to the defense of the central dominance . 
 even if she could n't , she certainly could n't afford to fight him . 
 a spar in the night was one thing , but if their contest grew dangerous , atium might come into play . 
 if that happened , she 'd lose . 
 the watcher studied her with a careful eye . 
 `` answer something for me , '' he said in the mists . 
 vin nodded . 
 `` did you really kill him ? '' 
 `` yes , '' vin whispered . 
 there was only one person he could mean . 
 he nodded slowly . 
 `` why do you play their games ? '' 
 `` whose games ? '' 
 the watcher gestured into the mists , toward keep venture . 
 `` those are n't games , '' vin said . 
 `` it 's no game when the people i love are in danger . '' 
 the watcher stood quietly , then shook his head , as if ... disappointed . 
 then , he pulled something from his sash . 
 vin jumped back immediately . 
 the watcher , however , simply flipped a coin to the ground between them . 
 it bounced a couple of times , coming to a rest on the cobbles . 
 then , the watcher pushed himself backward into the air . 
 vin did n't follow . 
 she reached up , rubbing her head ; she still felt like she should have a headache . 
 `` you 're letting him go ? '' 
 oreseur asked . 
 vin nodded . 
 `` we 're done for tonight . 
 he fought well . '' 
 `` you sound almost respectful , '' the kandra said . 
 vin turned , frowning at the hint of disgust in the kandra 's voice . 
 oreseur sat patiently , displaying no further emotion . 
 she sighed , tying her belt around her waist . 
 `` we 're going to need to come up with a harness or something for you , '' she said . 
 `` i want you to carry extra metal vials for me , like you did as a human . '' 
 `` a harness wo n't be necessary , mistress , '' oreseur said . 
 `` oh ? '' 
 oreseur rose , padding forward . 
 `` please get out one of your vials . '' 
 vin did as requested , pulling out a small glass vial . 
 oreseur stopped , then turned one shoulder toward her . 
 as she watched , the fur parted and the flesh itself split , showing forth veins and layers of skin . 
 vin pulled back a bit . 
 `` there is no need to be worried , mistress , '' oreseur said . 
 `` my flesh is not like your own . 
 i have more ... control over it , you might say . 
 place the metal vial inside my shoulder . '' 
 vin did as asked . 
 the flesh sealed around the vial , obscuring it from view . 
 experimentally , vin burned iron . 
 no blue lines appeared pointing toward the hidden vial . 
 metal inside of a person 's stomach could n't be affected by another allomancer ; indeed , metal piercing a body , like inquisitor spikes or vin 's own earring , could n't be pushed or pulled by someone else . 
 apparently , the same rule applied to metals hidden within a kandra . 
 `` i will deliver this to you in an emergency , '' oreseur said . 
 `` thank you , '' vin said . 
 `` the contract , mistress . 
 do not give me thanks . 
 i do only what i am required . '' 
 vin nodded slowly . 
 `` let 's go back to the palace , then , '' she said . 
 `` i want to check on elend . '' 
 but , let me begin at the beginning . 
 i met alendi first in khlennium ; he was a young lad then , and had not yet been warped by a decade spent leading armies . 
 9 marsh had changed . 
 there was something ... harder about the former seeker . 
 something in the way he always seemed to be staring at things sazed could n't see , something in his blunt responses and terse language . 
 of course , marsh had always been a straightforward man . 
 sazed eyed his friend as the two strode down the dusty highway . 
 they had no horses ; even if sazed had possessed one , most beasts would n't go near an inquisitor . 
 what did spook say that marsh 's nickname was ? 
 sazed thought to himself as they walked . 
 before his transformation , they used to call him ... ironeyes . 
 the name that had turned out to be chillingly prophetic . 
 most of the others found marsh 's transformed state discomforting , and had left him isolated . 
 though marsh had n't seemed to mind the treatment , sazed had made a special effort to befriend the man . 
 he still did n't know if marsh appreciated the gesture or not . 
 they did seem to get along well ; both shared an interest in scholarship and history , and both were interested in the religious climate of the final empire . 
 and , he did come looking for me , sazed thought . 
 of course , he did claim that he wanted help in case the inquisitors were n't all gone from the conventical of seran . 
 it was a weak excuse . 
 despite his powers as a feruchemist , sazed was no warrior . 
 `` you should be in luthadel , '' marsh said . 
 sazed looked up . 
 marsh had spoken bluntly , as usual , without preamble . 
 `` why do you say that ? '' 
 sazed asked . 
 `` they need you there . '' 
 `` the rest of the final empire has need of me too , marsh . 
 i am a keeper-one group of people should not be able to monopolize all of my time . '' 
 marsh shook his head . 
 `` these peasants , they will forget your passing . 
 no one will forget the things that will soon happen in the central dominance . '' 
 `` you would be surprised , i think , at what men can forget . 
 wars and kingdoms may seem important now , but even the final empire proved mortal . 
 now that it has fallen , the keepers have no business being involved in politics . '' 
 most would say we never had any business being involved in politics at all . 
 marsh turned toward him . 
 those eyes , sockets filled entirely with steel . 
 sazed did not shiver , but he felt distinctly uncomfortable . 
 `` and your friends ? '' 
 marsh asked . 
 this touched on something more personal . 
 sazed looked away , thinking of vin , and of his vow to kelsier that he would protect her . 
 she needs little protection now , he thought . 
 she 's grown more adept at allomancy than even kelsier was . 
 and yet , sazed knew that there were modes of protection that did n't relate to fighting . 
 these things-support , counsel , kindness-were vital to every person , and most especially to vin . 
 so much rested on that poor girl 's shoulders . 
 `` i have ... sent help , '' sazed said . 
 `` what help i can . '' 
 `` not good enough , '' marsh said . 
 `` the things happening in luthadel are too important to ignore . '' 
 `` i am not ignoring them , marsh , '' sazed said . 
 `` i am simply performing my duty as best i can . '' 
 marsh finally turned away . 
 `` the wrong duty . 
 you will return to luthadel once we are finished here . '' 
 sazed opened his mouth to argue , but said nothing . 
 what was there to say ? 
 marsh was right . 
 though he had no proof , sazed knew that there were important things happening in luthadel-things that would require his aid to fight . 
 things that likely affected the future of the entire land once known as the final empire . 
 so , he closed his mouth and trudged after marsh . 
 he would return to luthadel , proving himself a rebel once again . 
 perhaps , in the end , he would realize that there was no ghostly threat facing the world-that he had simply returned because of his own selfish desire to be with his friends . 
 in fact , he hoped that proved to be the truth . 
 the alternative made him very uncomfortable . 
 alendi 's height struck me the first time i saw him . 
 here was a man who towered over others , a man who-despite his youth and his humble clothing-demanded respect . 
 10 the assembly hall was in the former steel ministry canton of finance headquarters . 
 it was a low-ceilinged space , more of a large lecture room than an assembly hall . 
 there were rows of benches fanning out in front of a raised stage . 
 on the right side of the stage , elend had constructed a tier of seats for the assembly members . 
 on the left of the stage , he had constructed a single lectern for speakers . 
 the lectern faced the assemblymen , not the crowd . 
 the common people were , however , encouraged to attend . 
 elend thought that everyone should be interested in the workings of their government ; it pained him that the assembly 's weekly meetings usually had a small audience . 
 vin 's seat was on the stage , but at the back , directly opposite the audience . 
 from her vantage with the other bodyguards , she would look past the lectern toward the crowd . 
 another row of ham 's guards-in regular clothing-sat in the first row of the audience , providing a first line of protection . 
 elend had balked at vin 's demands to having guards both in front of the stage and behind it-he thought that bodyguards sitting right behind the speakers would be distracting . 
 ham and vin , however , had insisted . 
 if elend was going to stand up in front of a crowd every week , vin wanted to be certain she could keep a close eye on him-and on those watching him . 
 getting to her chair , therefore , required vin to walk across the stage . 
 stares followed her . 
 some of the watching crowd were interested in the scandal ; they assumed that she was elend 's mistress , and a king sleeping with his personal assassin made for good gossip . 
 others were interested in the politics ; they wondered how much influence vin had over elend , and whether they could use her to get the king 's ear . 
 still others were curious about the growing legends ; they wondered if a girl like vin could really have slain the lord ruler . 
 vin hurried her pace . 
 she passed the assemblymen and found her seat next to ham , who-despite the formal occasion-still wore a simple vest with no shirt . 
 sitting next to him in her trousers and shirt , vin did n't feel quite so out of place . 
 ham smiled , clapping her affectionately on the shoulder . 
 she had to force herself not to jump at the touch . 
 it was n't that she disliked ham-quite the opposite , actually . 
 she loved him as she did all of the former members of kelsier 's band . 
 it was just that ... well , she had trouble explaining it , even to herself . 
 ham 's innocent gesture made her want to squirm . 
 it seemed to her that people should n't be so casual with the way that they touched others . 
 she pushed those thoughts away . 
 she had to learn to be like other people . 
 elend deserved a woman who was normal . 
 he was already there . 
 he nodded to vin as he noticed her arrival , and she smiled . 
 then he turned back to speaking quietly with lord penrod , one of the noblemen in the assembly . 
 `` elend will be happy , '' vin whispered . 
 `` place is packed . '' 
 `` they 're worried , '' ham said quietly . 
 `` and worried people pay more attention to things like this . 
 ca n't say i 'm happy-all these people make our job harder . '' 
 vin nodded , scanning the audience . 
 the crowd was a strangely mixed one-a collection of different groups who would never have met together during the days of the final empire . 
 a major part were noblemen , of course . 
 vin frowned , thinking of how often various members of the nobility tried to manipulate elend , and of the promises he made to them ... `` what 's that look for ? '' 
 ham asked , nudging her . 
 vin eyed the thug . 
 expectant eyes twinkled in his firm , rectangular face . 
 ham had an almost supernatural sense when it came to arguments . 
 vin sighed . 
 `` i do n't know about this , ham . '' 
 `` this ? '' 
 `` this , '' vin said quietly , waving her hand at the assembly . 
 `` elend tries so hard to make everyone happy . 
 he gives so much away-his power , his money ... '' `` he just wants to see that everyone is treated fairly . '' 
 `` it 's more than that , ham , '' vin said . 
 `` it 's like he 's determined to make everyone a nobleman . '' 
 `` would that be such a bad thing ? '' 
 `` if everyone is a nobleman , then there is no such thing as a nobleman . 
 everyone ca n't be rich , and everyone ca n't be in charge . 
 that 's just not the way things work . '' 
 `` perhaps , '' ham said thoughtfully . 
 `` but , does n't elend have a civic duty to try and make sure justice is served ? '' 
 civic duty ? 
 vin thought . 
 i should have known better than to talk to ham about something like this ... vin looked down . 
 `` i just think he could see that everyone was treated well without having an assembly . 
 all they do is argue and try to take his power away . 
 and he lets them . '' 
 ham let the discussion die , and vin turned back to her study of the audience . 
 it appeared that a large group of mill workers had arrived first and managed to get the best seats . 
 early in the assembly 's history-perhaps ten months before-the nobility had sent servants to reserve seats for them , or had bribed people to give up their places . 
 as soon as elend had discovered this , however , he had forbidden both practices . 
 other than the noblemen and the mill workers , there was a large number of the `` new '' class . 
 skaa merchants and craftsmasters , now allowed to set their own prices for their services . 
 they were the true winners in elend 's economy . 
 beneath the lord ruler 's oppressive hand , only the few most extraordinarily skilled skaa had been able to rise to positions of even moderate comfort . 
 without those restrictions , these same people had quickly proven to have abilities and acumen far above their noble counterparts ' . 
 they represented a faction in the assembly at least as powerful as that of the nobility . 
 other skaa peppered the crowd . 
 they looked much the same as they had before elend 's rise to power . 
 while noblemen generally wore suits-complete with dayhats and coats-these skaa wore simple trousers . 
 some of them were still dirty from their day 's labor , their clothing old , worn , and stained with ash . 
 and yet ... there was something different about them . 
 it was n't in their clothing , but their postures . 
 they sat a little straighter , their heads held a little higher . 
 and they had enough free time to attend an assembly meeting . 
 elend finally stood to begin the meeting . 
 he had let his attendants dress him this morning , and the result was attire that was almost completely free of dishevelment . 
 his suit fit well , all the buttons were done up , and his vest was of an appropriate dark blue . 
 his hair was even neatly styled , the short , brown curls lying flat . 
 normally , elend would begin the meeting by calling on other speakers , assemblymen who would drone on for hours about various topics like taxation rates or city sanitation . 
 however , this day , there were more pressing matters . 
 `` gentlemen , '' elend said . 
 `` i beg your leave to depart from our usual agenda this afternoon , in the light of our current ... state of city affairs . '' 
 the group of twenty-four assemblymen nodded , a few muttering things under their breath . 
 elend ignored them . 
 he was comfortable before crowds , far more comfortable than vin would ever be . 
 as he unrolled his speech , vin kept one eye on the crowd , watching for reactions or problems . 
 `` the dire nature of our situation should be quite obvious , '' elend said , beginning the speech he had prepared earlier . 
 `` we face a danger that this city has never known . 
 invasion and siege from an outside tyrant . 
 `` we are a new nation , a kingdom founded on principles unknown during the days of the lord ruler . 
 yet , we are already a kingdom of tradition . 
 freedom for the skaa . 
 rule by our own choice and of our own design . 
 noblemen who do n't have to cower before the lord ruler 's obligators and inquisitors . 
 `` gentlemen , one year is not enough . 
 we have tasted freedom , and we need time to savor it . 
 during the last month , we have frequently discussed and argued regarding what to do should this day arrive . 
 obviously , we are of many minds on the issue . 
 therefore , i ask for a vote of solidarity . 
 let us promise ourselves , and these people , that we will not give this city over to a foreign power without due consideration . 
 let us resolve to gather more information , to seek for other avenues , and even to fight should it be deemed necessary . '' 
 the speech went on , but vin had heard it a dozen times as elend practiced it . 
 as he spoke , she found herself eying the crowd . 
 she was most worried about the obligators she saw sitting in the back . 
 they showed little reaction to the negative light in which elend 's remarks cast them . 
 she 'd never understood why elend allowed the steel ministry to continue teaching . 
 it was the last real remnant of the lord ruler 's power . 
 most obligators obstinately refused to lend their knowledge of bureaucracy and administration to elend 's government , and they still regarded skaa with contempt . 
 and yet , elend let them remain . 
 he maintained a strict rule that they were not allowed to incite rebellion or violence . 
 however , he also did n't eject them from the city , as vin had suggested . 
 actually , if the choice had been solely hers , she probably would have executed them . 
 eventually , elend 's speech drew to a close , and vin turned her attention back to him . 
 `` gentlemen , '' he said , `` i make this proposal out of faith , and i make it in the names of those we represent . 
 i ask for time . 
 i propose that we forgo all votes regarding the future of the city until a proper royal delegation has been allowed to meet with the army outside and determine what , if any , opportunity there is for negotiations . '' 
 he lowered his sheet , looking up , waiting for comments . 
 `` so , '' said philen , one of the merchants on the assembly . 
 `` you 're asking us to give you the power to decide the city 's fate . '' 
 philen wore his rich suit so well that an observer would never have known that he 'd first put one on about a year ago . 
 `` what ? '' 
 elend asked . 
 `` i said nothing of the sort-i 'm simply asking for more time . 
 to meet with straff . '' 
 `` he 's rejected all of our earlier messages , '' said another assemblyman . 
 `` what makes you think he 'll listen now ? '' 
 `` we 're approaching this wrong ! '' 
 said one of the noble representatives . 
 `` we should be resolving to beg straff venture not to attack , not resolving to meet with him and chat . 
 we need to establish quickly that we 're willing to work with him . 
 you 've all seen that army . 
 he 's planning to destroy us ! '' 
 `` please , '' elend said , raising a hand . 
 `` let us stay on topic ! '' 
 one of the other assemblymen-one of the skaa-spoke up , as if he had n't heard elend . 
 `` you say that because you 're noble , '' he said , pointing at the noble elend had interrupted . 
 `` it 's easy for you to talk about working with straff , since you 've got very little to lose ! '' 
 `` very little to lose ? '' 
 the nobleman said . 
 `` i and all of my house could be executed for supporting elend against his father ! '' 
 `` bah , '' said one of the merchants . 
 `` this is all pointless . 
 we should have hired mercenaries months ago , as i 'd suggested . '' 
 `` and where would we have gotten the funds for that ? '' 
 asked lord penrod , senior of the noble assemblymen . 
 `` taxes , '' the merchant said with a wave of his hand . 
 `` gentlemen ! '' 
 elend said ; then , louder , `` gentlemen ! '' 
 this garnered him some small measure of attention . 
 `` we have to make a decision , '' elend said . 
 `` stay focused , if you please . 
 what of my proposal ? '' 
 `` it 's pointless , '' said philen the merchant . 
 `` why should we wait ? 
 let 's just invite straff into the city and be done . 
 he 's going to take it anyway . '' 
 vin sat back as the men began to argue again . 
 the problem was , the merchant philen-as little as she liked him-had a point . 
 fighting was looking like a very unattractive option . 
 straff had such a large army . 
 would stalling really do that much good ? 
 `` look , see , '' elend said , trying to get their attention again-and only partially succeeding . 
 `` straff is my father . 
 maybe i could talk to him . 
 get him to listen ? 
 luthadel was his home for years . 
 perhaps i can convince him not to attack it . '' 
 `` wait , '' said one of the skaa representatives . 
 `` what of the food issue ? 
 have you seen what the merchants are charging for grain ? 
 before we worry about that army , we should talk about bringing prices down . '' 
 `` always blaming us for your problems , '' one of the merchant assemblymen said , pointing . 
 and the squabbling began again . 
 elend slumped just slightly behind the lectern . 
 vin shook her head , feeling sorry for elend as the discussion degenerated . 
 this was what often happened at assembly meetings ; it seemed to her that they simply did n't give elend the respect he deserved . 
 perhaps that was his own fault , for elevating them to his near equals . 
 finally , the discussion wound down , and elend got out a piece of paper , obviously planning to record the vote on his proposal . 
 he did not look optimistic . 
 `` all right , '' elend said . 
 `` let 's vote . 
 please remember-giving me time will not play our hand . 
 it will simply give me a chance to try and make my father reconsider his desire to take our city away from us . '' 
 `` elend , lad , '' said lord penrod . 
 `` we all lived here during the lord ruler 's reign . 
 we all know what kind of man your father is . 
 if he wants this city , he is going to take it . 
 all we can decide , then , is how to best give up . 
 perhaps we can find a way for the people to retain some freedom under his rule . '' 
 the group sat quietly , and for the first time nobody brought up a new squabble . 
 a few of them turned toward penrod , who sat with a calm , in-control expression . 
 vin knew little of the man . 
 he was one of the more powerful noblemen who had remained in the city after the collapse , and he was politically conservative . 
 however , she had never heard him speak derogatively of the skaa , which was probably why he was so popular with the people . 
 `` i speak bluntly , '' penrod said , `` for it is the truth . 
 we are not in a position to bargain . '' 
 `` i agree with penrod , '' philen said , jumping in . 
 `` if elend wants to meet with straff venture , then i guess that 's his right . 
 as i understand it , kingship grants him authority to negotiate with foreign monarchs . 
 however , we do n't have to promise not to give straff the city . '' 
 `` master philen , '' lord penrod said . 
 `` i think you misjudged my intent . 
 i said that giving up the city was inevitable-but that we should try to gain as much from it as possible . 
 that means at least meeting with straff to assess his disposition . 
 voting to give him the city now would be to play our hand too soon . '' 
 elend looked up , looking hopeful for the first time since the discussion had first degenerated . 
 `` so , you support my proposal ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` it is an awkward way to achieve the pause i think necessary , '' penrod said . 
 `` but ... seeing as how the army is already here , then i doubt we have time for anything else . 
 so , yes , your majesty . 
 i support your proposal . '' 
 several other members of the assembly nodded as penrod spoke , as if giving the proposal consideration for the first time . 
 that penrod has too much power , vin thought , eyes narrowing as she regarded the elderly statesman . 
 they listen to him more than they do elend . 
 `` should we vote , then ? '' 
 one of the other assemblymen asked . 
 and they did . 
 elend recorded votes as they moved down the line of assemblymen . 
 the eight noblemen-seven plus elend-voted for the proposal , giving penrod 's opinion a great deal of weight . 
 the eight skaa were mostly for it , and the merchants mostly against it . 
 in the end , however , elend got the two-thirds vote he needed . 
 `` proposal accepted , '' elend said , making the final tally , looking a bit surprised . 
 `` the assembly divests itself of the right to surrender the city until after the king has met with straff venture in official parlay . '' 
 vin sat back in her seat , trying to decide what she thought of the vote . 
 it was good that elend had gotten his way , but the manner in which he 'd achieved it bothered her . 
 elend finally relinquished the lectern , sitting and letting a disgruntled philen take the lead . 
 the merchant read a proposal calling for a vote to turn control of city food stockpiles over to the merchants . 
 however , this time elend himself led the dissent , and the arguing began again . 
 vin watched with interest . 
 did elend even realize how much like the others he acted while he was arguing against their proposals ? 
 elend and a few of the skaa assemblymen managed to filibuster long enough that the lunch break arrived with no vote cast . 
 the people in the audience stood , stretching , and ham turned toward her . 
 `` good meeting , eh ? '' 
 vin just shrugged . 
 ham chuckled . 
 `` we really have to do something about your ambivalence toward civic duty , kid . '' 
 `` i already overthrew one government , '' vin said . 
 `` i figure that takes care of my ` civic duty ' for a while . '' 
 ham smiled , though he kept a wary eye on the crowd-as did vin . 
 now , with everyone moving about , would be the perfect time for an attempt on elend 's life . 
 one person in particular caught her attention , and she frowned . 
 `` be back in a few seconds , '' she said to ham , rising . 
 `` you did the right thing , lord penrod , '' elend said , standing beside the older nobleman , whispering quietly as break proceeded . 
 `` we need more time . 
 you know what my father will do to this city if he takes it . '' 
 lord penrod shook his head . 
 `` i did n't do this for you , son . 
 i did it because i wanted to make certain that fool philen did n't hand the city over before the nobility extracted promises from your father about our rights to title . '' 
 `` now , see , '' elend said , holding up a finger . 
 `` there has to be another way ! 
 the survivor would never have given this city away without a fight . '' 
 penrod frowned , and elend paused , quietly cursing himself . 
 the old lord was a traditionalist-quoting the survivor at him would have little positive effect . 
 many of the noblemen felt threatened by kelsier 's influence with the skaa . 
 `` just think about it , '' elend said , glancing to the side as vin approached . 
 she waved him away from the assemblymen seats , and he excused himself . 
 he crossed the stage , joining her . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 he asked quietly . 
 `` woman at the back , '' vin said quietly , eyes suspicious . 
 `` tall one , in the blue . '' 
 the woman in question was n't hard to find ; she wore a bright blue blouse and colorful red skirt . 
 she was middle-aged , of lean build , and had her waist-length hair pulled back in a braid . 
 she waited patiently as people moved about the room . 
 `` what about her ? '' 
 elend asked . 
 `` terris , '' vin said . 
 elend paused . 
 `` you 're sure ? '' 
 vin nodded . 
 `` those colors ... that much jewelry . 
 she 's a terriswoman for sure . '' 
 `` so ? '' 
 `` so , i 've never met her , '' vin said . 
 `` and she was watching you , just now . '' 
 `` people watch me , vin , '' elend noted . 
 `` i am the king , after all . 
 besides , why should you have met her ? '' 
 `` all of the other terris people have come to meet me right after they enter the city , '' vin said . 
 `` i killed the lord ruler ; they see me as the one that freed their homeland . 
 but , i do n't recognize her . 
 she has n't ever come thank me . '' 
 elend rolled his eyes , grabbing vin by the shoulders and turning her away from the woman . 
 `` vin , i feel it 's my gentlemanly duty to tell you something . '' 
 vin frowned . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` you 're gorgeous . '' 
 vin paused . 
 `` what does that have to do with anything ? '' 
 `` absolutely nothing , '' elend said with a smile . 
 `` i 'm just trying to distract you . '' 
 slowly , vin relaxed , smiling slightly . 
 `` i do n't know if anyone 's ever told you this , vin , '' elend noted , `` but you can be a bit paranoid at times . '' 
 she raised an eyebrow . 
 `` oh ? '' 
 `` i know it 's hard to believe , but it 's true . 
 now , i happen to find it rather charming , but do you honestly think that a terriswoman would try to kill me ? '' 
 `` probably not , '' vin admitted . 
 `` but , old habits ... '' elend smiled . 
 then , he glanced back at the assemblymen , most of whom were speaking quietly in groups . 
 they did n't mix . 
 noblemen spoke with noblemen , merchants with merchants , skaa workers with other skaa workers . 
 they seemed so fragmented , so obstinate . 
 the simplest proposals sometimes met with arguments that could take hours . 
 they need to give me more time ! 
 he thought . 
 yet , even as he thought , he realized the problem . 
 more time for what ? 
 penrod and philen had accurately attacked his proposal . 
 the truth was , the entire city was in over its head . 
 nobody really knew what to do about a superior invading force , least of all elend . 
 he just knew that they could n't give up . 
 not yet . 
 there had to be a way to fight . 
 vin was still looking to the side , out over the audience . 
 elend followed her gaze . 
 `` still watching that terriswoman ? '' 
 vin shook her head . 
 `` something else ... something odd . 
 is that one of clubs 's messengers ? '' 
 elend paused , turning . 
 indeed , several soldiers were working their way through the crowd , approaching the stage . 
 at the back of the room , people had begun whispering and shuffling , and some were already moving quickly out of the chamber . 
 elend felt vin stiffen in anxiety , and fear stabbed him . 
 we 're too late . 
 the army has attacked . 
 one of the soldiers finally reached the stage , and elend rushed over . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` has straff attacked ? '' 
 the soldier frowned , looking concerned . 
 `` no , my lord . '' 
 elend sighed slightly . 
 `` what , then ? '' 
 `` my lord , it 's a second army . 
 it just arrived outside the city . '' 
 oddly , it was alendi 's simple ingenuousness that first led me to befriend him . 
 i employed him as an assistant during his first months in the grand city . 
 11 for the second time in two days , elend stood atop the luthadel city wall , studying an army that had come to invade his kingdom . 
 elend squinted against the red afternoon sunlight , but he was no tineye ; he could n't make out details about the new arrival . 
 `` any chance they 're here to help us ? '' 
 elend asked hopefully , looking toward clubs , who stood beside him . 
 clubs just scowled . 
 `` they fly cett 's banner . 
 remember him ? 
 guy who sent eight allomancer assassins to kill you two days back ? '' 
 elend shivered in the chill autumn weather , glancing back out over the second army . 
 it was making camp a good distance from straff 's army , close to the luth-davn canal , which ran out the west side of the river channerel . 
 vin stood at elend 's side , though ham was off organizing things among the city guard . 
 oreseur , wearing the wolfhound 's body , sat patiently on the wall walk beneath vin . 
 `` how did we miss their approach ? '' 
 elend asked . 
 `` straff , '' clubs said . 
 `` this cett came in from the same direction , and our scouts were focused on him . 
 straff probably knew about this other army a few days ago , but we had virtually no chance of seeing them . '' 
 elend nodded . 
 `` straff is setting up a perimeter of soldiers , watching the enemy army , '' vin said . 
 `` i doubt they 're friendly to each other . '' 
 she stood atop one of the sawtooth parapet crenels , feet positioned dangerously close to the wall 's edge . 
 `` maybe they 'll attack each other , '' elend said hopefully . 
 clubs snorted . 
 `` i doubt it . 
 they 're too evenly matched , though straff might be a little stronger . 
 i doubt cett would take the chance by attacking him . '' 
 `` why come , then ? '' 
 elend asked . 
 clubs shrugged . 
 `` maybe he hoped he 'd beat venture to luthadel , and get to take it first . '' 
 he spoke of the event-the capture of luthadel-as if it were a given . 
 elend 's stomach twisted as he leaned against the battlement , looking out through a merlon . 
 vin and the others were thieves and skaa allomancers-outcasts who had been hunted for most of their lives . 
 perhaps they were accustomed to dealing with this pressure-this fear-but elend was not . 
 how did they live with the lack of control , the sense of inevitability ? 
 elend felt powerless . 
 what could he do ? 
 flee , and leave the city to fend for itself ? 
 that , of course , was not an option . 
 but , confronted with not one , but two armies preparing to destroy his city and take his throne , elend found it hard to keep his hands steady as he gripped the rough stone of the battlement . 
 kelsier would have found a way out of this , he thought . 
 `` there ! '' 
 vin 's voice interrupted elend 's thoughts . 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 elend turned . 
 vin was squinting , looking toward cett 's army , using tin to see things that were invisible to elend 's mundane eyes . 
 `` someone 's leaving the army , '' vin said . 
 `` riding on horseback . '' 
 `` messenger ? '' 
 clubs asked . 
 `` maybe , '' vin said . 
 `` he 's riding pretty fast ... '' she began to run from one stone tooth to the next , moving along the wall . 
 her kandra immediately followed , padding quietly across the wall beneath her . 
 elend glanced at clubs , who shrugged , and they began to follow . 
 they caught up with vin standing on the wall near one of the towers , watching the oncoming rider . 
 or , at least , elend assumed that was what she watched-he still could n't see what she had . 
 allomancy , elend thought , shaking his head . 
 why could n't he have at least ended up with one power-even one of the weaker ones , like copper or iron ? 
 vin cursed suddenly , standing up straight . 
 `` elend , that 's breeze ! '' 
 `` what ! '' 
 elend said . 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 `` yes ! 
 he 's being chased . 
 archers on horseback . '' 
 clubs cursed , waving to a messenger . 
 `` send riders ! 
 cut off his pursuit ! '' 
 the messenger dashed away . 
 vin , however , shook her head . 
 `` they wo n't make it in time , '' she said , almost to herself . 
 `` the archers will catch him , or at least shoot him . 
 even i could n't get there fast enough , not running . 
 but , maybe ... '' elend frowned , looking up at her . 
 `` vin , that 's way too far to jump-even for you . '' 
 vin glanced at him , smiled , then leaped off the wall . 
 vin readied the fourteenth metal , duralumin . 
 she had a reserve , but she did n't burn it-not yet . 
 i hope this works , she thought , seeking an appropriate anchor . 
 the tower beside her had a reinforced iron bulwark on the top-that would work . 
 she pulled on the bulwark , yanking herself up to the top of the tower . 
 she immediately jumped again , pushing herself up and out , angling into the air away from the wall . 
 she extinguished all of her metals except for steel and pewter . 
 then , still pushing against the bulwark , she burned duralumin . 
 a sudden force smashed against her . 
 it was so powerful , she was certain that only an equally powerful flash of pewter held her body together . 
 she blasted away from the keep , hurtling through the sky as if tossed by some giant , invisible god . 
 the air rushed by so quickly that it roared , and the pressure of sudden acceleration made it difficult to think . 
 she floundered , trying to regain control . 
 she had , fortunately , picked her trajectory well : she was shooting right toward breeze and his pursuers . 
 whatever breeze had done , it had been enough to make someone extremely angry-for there were a full two dozen men charging after him , arrows nocked . 
 vin fell , her steel and pewter completely burned away in that single duralumin-fueled flash of power . 
 she grabbed a metal vial off her belt , downing its contents . 
 however , as she tossed the vial away , she suddenly felt an odd sense of vertigo . 
 she was n't accustomed to jumping during the day . 
 it was strange to see the ground coming at her , strange not to have a mistcloak flapping behind her , strange not to have the mist ... the lead rider lowered his bow , taking sight at breeze . 
 neither appeared to have noticed vin , swooping down like a bird of prey above . 
 well , not exactly swooping . 
 plummeting . 
 suddenly snapped back to the moment , vin burned pewter and threw a coin toward the quickly approaching ground . 
 she pushed against the coin , using it to slow her momentum and to nudge her to the side . 
 she hit right between breeze and the archers , landing with a jarring crash , throwing up dust and dirt . 
 the archer released his arrow . 
 even as vin rebounded , dirt spraying around her , she reached out and pushed herself back into the air straight at the arrow . 
 then she pushed against it . 
 the arrowhead ripped backward-throwing out shards of wood as it split its own shaft in midair-then smacked directly into the forehead of the archer who had released it . 
 the man toppled from his mount . 
 vin landed from her rebound . 
 she reached out , pushing against the horseshoes of the two beasts behind the leader , causing the animals to stumble . 
 the push threw vin backward into the air , and cries of equine pain sounded amid the crash of bodies hitting the ground . 
 vin continued to push , flying along the road just a few feet above the ground , quickly catching up with breeze . 
 the portly man turned in shock , obviously stunned to find vin hanging in the air beside his galloping horse , her clothing flapping in the wind of her passage . 
 she winked at him , then reached out and pulled against the armor of another rider . 
 she immediately lurched in the air . 
 her body protested the sudden shift in momentum , but she ignored the twist of pain . 
 the man she pulled against managed to stay in his saddle-until vin smashed into him feet-first , throwing him backward . 
 she landed on the black earth , the rider tumbling to the ground beside her . 
 a short distance away , the remaining riders finally reined in their mounts , coming to an abrupt stop a few feet away . 
 kelsier probably would have attacked . 
 there were a lot of them , true , but they were wearing armor and their horses were shod . 
 vin , however , was not kelsier . 
 she had delayed the riders long enough for breeze to get away . 
 that was enough . 
 vin reached out and pushed against one of the soldiers , throwing herself backward , leaving the riders to gather their wounded . 
 the soldiers , however , promptly pulled out stone-tipped arrows and nocked their bows . 
 vin hissed in frustration as the group took sight . 
 well , friends , she thought , i suggest that you hang on tightly . 
 she pushed slightly against them all , then burned duralumin . 
 the sudden crash of force was expected-the wrench in her chest , the massive flare in her stomach , the howling wind . 
 what she did n't expect was the effect she 'd have on her anchors . 
 the blast of power scattered men and horses , throwing them into the air like leaves in the wind . 
 i 'm going to have to be very careful with this , vin thought , gritting her teeth and spinning herself in the air . 
 her steel and pewter were gone again , and she was forced to down her last metal vial . 
 she 'd have to start carrying more of those . 
 she hit the ground running , pewter keeping her from tripping despite her terrific speed . 
 she slowed just slightly , letting the mounted breeze catch up to her , then increased her pace to keep up with him . 
 she dashed like a sprinter , letting pewter 's strength and balance keep her upright as she paced the tiring horse . 
 the beast eyed her as they ran , seeming to display a hint of animal frustration to see a human matching it . 
 they reached the city a few moments later . 
 breeze reined in as the doors to iron gate began to open , but , rather than wait , vin simply threw down a coin and pushed , letting her forward momentum carry her toward the walls . 
 as the gates swung open , she pushed against their studs , and this second push sent her sailing straight up . 
 she just barely crested the battlements-passing between a pair of startled soldiers-before dropping over the other side . 
 she landed in the courtyard , steadying herself with one hand against the cool stones , as breeze entered through the gate . 
 vin stood . 
 breeze patted his forehead with a handkerchief as he trotted his animal up beside her . 
 he 'd let his hair grow longer since she 'd last seen him , and he kept it slicked back , its lower edges tickling his collar . 
 it was n't graying yet , though he was in his mid-forties . 
 he wore no hat-it had probably blown free-but he had on one of his rich suits and silken vests . 
 they were powdered with black ash from his hurried ride . 
 `` ah , vin , my dear , '' breeze said , breathing almost as deeply as his horse . 
 `` i must say , that was a timely arrival on your part . 
 impressively flamboyant as well . 
 i do hate to force a rescue-but , well , if one is necessary , then it might as well happen with style . '' 
 vin smiled as he climbed down from the horse-proving he was hardly the most adroit man in the square-and stablehands arrived to care for the beast . 
 breeze wiped his brow again as elend , clubs , and oreseur scrambled down the steps to the courtyard . 
 one of the aides must have finally found ham , for he ran up through the courtyard . 
 `` breeze ! '' 
 elend said , approaching and clasping arms with the shorter man . 
 `` your majesty , '' breeze said . 
 `` you are in good health and good humor , i assume ? '' 
 `` health , yes , '' elend said . 
 `` humor ... well , there is an army crouching just outside my city . '' 
 `` two armies , actually , '' clubs grumbled as he hobbled up . 
 breeze folded up his handkerchief . 
 `` ah , and dear master cladent . 
 optimistic as always , i see . '' 
 clubs snorted . 
 to the side , oreseur padded up to sit next to vin . 
 `` and hammond , '' breeze said , eyeing ham , who was smiling broadly . 
 `` i 'd almost managed to delude myself into forgetting that you would be here when i returned . '' 
 `` admit it , '' ham said . 
 `` you 're glad to see me . '' 
 `` see you , perhaps . 
 hear you , never . 
 i had grown quite fond of my time spent away from your perpetual , pseudo-philosophical pratterings . '' 
 ham just smiled a little broader . 
 `` i 'm glad to see you , breeze , '' elend said . 
 `` but your timing could have been a little better . 
 i was hoping that you would be able to stop some of these armies from marching on us . '' 
 `` stop them ? '' 
 breeze asked . 
 `` now , why would i want to do that , my dear man ? 
 i did , after all , just spend three months working to get cett to march his army down here . '' 
 elend paused , and vin frowned to herself , standing just outside the group . 
 breeze looked rather pleased with himself-though that was , admittedly , rather common for him . 
 `` so ... lord cett 's on our side ? '' 
 elend asked hopefully . 
 `` of course not , '' breeze said . 
 `` he 's here to ravage the city and steal your presumed atium supply . '' 
 `` you , '' vin said . 
 `` you 're the one who has been spreading the rumors about the lord ruler 's atium stash , are n't you ? '' 
 `` of course , '' breeze said , eyeing spook as the boy finally arrived at the gates . 
 elend frowned . 
 `` but ... why ? '' 
 `` look outside your walls , my dear man , '' breeze said . 
 `` i knew that your father was going to march on luthadel eventually-even my powers of persuasion would n't have been enough to dissuade him . 
 so , i began spreading rumors in the western dominance , then made myself one of lord cett 's advisors . '' 
 clubs grunted . 
 `` good plan . 
 crazy , but good . '' 
 `` crazy ? '' 
 breeze said . 
 `` my mental stability is no issue here , clubs . 
 the move was not crazy , but brilliant . '' 
 elend looked confused . 
 `` not to insult your brilliance , breeze . 
 but ... how exactly is bringing a hostile army to our city a good idea ? '' 
 `` it 's basic negotiating strategy , my good man , '' breeze explained as a packman handed him his dueling cane , taken off the horse . 
 breeze used it to gesture westward , toward lord cett 's army . 
 `` when there are only two participants in a negotiation , one is generally stronger than the other . 
 that makes things very difficult for the weaker party-which , in this case , would have been us . '' 
 `` yes , '' elend said , `` but with three armies , we 're still the weakest . '' 
 `` ah , '' breeze said , holding up the cane , `` but those other two parties are fairly even in strength . 
 straff is likely stronger , but cett has a very large force . 
 if either of those warlords risks attacking luthadel , his army will suffer losses-enough losses that he wo n't be able to defend himself from the third army . 
 to attack us is to expose oneself . '' 
 `` and that makes this a standoff , '' clubs said . 
 `` exactly , '' breeze said . 
 `` trust me , elend my boy . 
 in this case , two large , enemy armies are far better than a single large , enemy army . 
 in a three-way negotiation , the weakest party actually has the most power-because his allegiance added to either of the other two will choose the eventual winner . '' 
 elend frowned . 
 `` breeze , we do n't want to give our allegiance to either of these men . '' 
 `` i realize that , '' breeze said . 
 `` however , our opponents do not . 
 by bringing a second army in , i 've given us time to think . 
 both warlords thought they could get here first . 
 now that they 've arrived at the same time , they 'll have to reevaluate . 
 i 'm guessing we 'll end up in an extended siege . 
 a couple of months at least . '' 
 `` that does n't explain how we 're going to get rid of them , '' elend said . 
 breeze shrugged . 
 `` i got them here-you get to decide what to do with them . 
 and i 'll tell you , it was no easy task to make cett arrive on time . 
 he was due to come in a full five days before venture . 
 fortunately , a certain ... malady spread through camp a few days ago . 
 apparently , someone poisoned the main water supply and gave the entire camp diarrhea . '' 
 spook , standing behind clubs , snickered . 
 `` yes , '' breeze said , eyeing the boy . 
 `` i thought you might appreciate that . 
 you still an unintelligible nuisance , boy ? '' 
 `` wassing the where of not , '' spook said , smiling and slipping back into his eastern street slang . 
 breeze snorted . 
 `` you still make more sense than hammond , half the time , '' he mumbled , turning to elend . 
 `` so , is n't anyone going to send for a carriage to drive me back to the palace ? 
 i 've been soothing you ungrateful lot for the better part of five minutes-looking as tired and pathetic as i can-and not one of you has had the good graces to pity me ! '' 
 `` you must be losing your touch , '' vin said with a smile . 
 breeze was a soother-an allomancer who could burn brass to calm another person 's emotions . 
 a very skilled soother-and vin knew of none more skilled than breeze-could dampen all of a person 's emotions but a single one , effectively making them feel exactly as he wanted . 
 `` actually , '' elend said , turning and looking back up at the wall , `` i was hoping we could go back up on the wall and study the armies some more . 
 if you spent time with lord cett 's force , then you could probably tell us a lot about it . '' 
 `` i can ; i will ; i am not going to climb those steps . 
 ca n't you see how tired i am , man ? '' 
 ham snorted , clapping breeze on the shoulder-and throwing up a puff of dust . 
 `` how can you be tired ? 
 your poor horse did all the running . '' 
 `` it was emotionally exhausting , hammond , '' breeze said , rapping the larger man 's hand with his cane . 
 `` my departure was somewhat disagreeable . '' 
 `` what happened , anyway ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 `` did cett find out you were a spy ? '' 
 breeze looked embarrassed . 
 `` let 's just say that lord cett and i had a...falling-out . '' 
 `` caught you in bed with his daughter , eh ? '' 
 ham said , earning a chuckle from the group . 
 breeze was anything but a ladies ' man . 
 despite his ability to play with emotions , he had expressed no interest in romance for as long as vin had known him . 
 dockson had once noted that breeze was just too focused on himself to consider such things . 
 breeze simply rolled his eyes at ham 's comment . 
 `` honestly , hammond . 
 i think your jokes are getting worse as you age . 
 one too many hits on the head while sparring , i suspect . '' 
 ham smiled , and elend sent for a couple of carriages . 
 while they waited , breeze launched into a narrative of his travels . 
 vin glanced down at oreseur . 
 she still had n't found a good opportunity to tell the rest of the crew about the body change . 
 perhaps now that breeze was back , elend would hold a conference with his inner circle . 
 that would be a good time . 
 she had to be quiet about it , since she wanted the palace staff to think that she 'd sent oreseur away . 
 breeze continued his story , and vin looked back at him , smiling . 
 not only was breeze a natural orator , but he had a very subtle touch with allomancy . 
 she could barely feel his fingers on her emotions . 
 once , she had found his intrusions offensive , but she was growing to understand that touching people 's emotions was simply part of who breeze was . 
 just as a beautiful woman demanded attention by virtue of her face and figure , breeze drew it by near unconscious use of his powers . 
 of course , that did n't make him any less a scoundrel . 
 getting others to do as he wished was one of breeze 's main occupations . 
 vin just no longer resented him for using allomancy to do it . 
 the carriage finally approached , and breeze sighed in relief . 
 as the vehicle pulled up , he eyed vin , then nodded toward oreseur . 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 `` a dog , '' vin said . 
 `` ah , blunt as ever , i see , '' breeze said . 
 `` and , why is it that you now have a dog ? '' 
 `` i gave it to her , '' elend said . 
 `` she wanted one , so i bought it for her . '' 
 `` and you chose a wolfhound ? '' 
 ham asked , amused . 
 `` you 've fought with her before , ham , '' elend said , laughing . 
 `` what would you have given her ? 
 a poodle ? '' 
 ham chuckled . 
 `` no , i guess not . 
 it fits , actually . '' 
 `` though it 's almost as big as she is , '' clubs added , regarding her with a squinty-eyed look . 
 vin reached down , resting her hand on oreseur 's head . 
 clubs did have a point ; she 'd chosen a big animal , even for a wolfhound . 
 he stood over three feet tall at the shoulder-and vin knew from experience how heavy that body was . 
 `` remarkably well-behaved for a wolfhound , '' ham said , nodding . 
 `` you chose well , el . '' 
 `` regardless , '' breeze said . 
 `` can we please return to the palace ? 
 armies and wolfhounds are all well and good , but i believe supper is more pressing at this point . '' 
 `` so , why did n't we tell them about oreseur ? '' 
 elend asked , as their carriage bumped its way back toward keep venture . 
 the three of them had taken a carriage of their own , leaving the other four to follow in the other vehicle . 
 vin shrugged . 
 oreseur sat on the seat across from her and elend , quietly watching the conversation . 
 `` i 'll tell them eventually , '' vin said . 
 `` a busy city square did n't seem the right place for the revelation . '' 
 elend smiled . 
 `` keeping secrets is a hard habit to break , eh ? '' 
 vin flushed . 
 `` i 'm not keeping him secret , i 'm just ... '' she trailed off , looking down . 
 `` do n't feel bad , vin , '' elend said . 
 `` you lived a long time on your own , without anyone to trust . 
 nobody expects you to change overnight . '' 
 `` it has n't been one night , elend , '' she said . 
 `` it 's been two years . '' 
 elend laid a hand on her knee . 
 `` you 're getting better . 
 the others talk about how much you 've changed . '' 
 vin nodded . 
 another man would be afraid that i 'm keeping secrets from him , too . 
 elend just tries to make me feel less guilty . 
 he was a better man than she deserved . 
 `` kandra , '' elend said , `` vin says you do well at keeping up with her . '' 
 `` yes , your majesty , '' oreseur said . 
 `` these bones , though distasteful , are well equipped for tracking and quick movement . '' 
 `` and if she gets hurt ? '' 
 elend said . 
 `` will you be able to pull her to safety ? '' 
 `` not with any speed , your majesty . 
 i will , however , be able to go for aid . 
 these bones have many limitations , but i will do my best to fulfill the contract . '' 
 elend must have caught vin 's raised eyebrow , for he chuckled . 
 `` he 'll do as he says , vin . '' 
 `` the contract is everything , mistress , '' oreseur said . 
 `` it demands more than simple service . 
 it requires diligence and devotion . 
 it is the kandra . 
 by serving it , we serve our people . '' 
 vin shrugged . 
 the group fell silent , elend pulling a book from his pocket , vin leaning against him . 
 oreseur lay down , filling the entire seat opposite the humans . 
 eventually , the carriage rolled into the venture courtyard , and vin found herself looking forward to a warm bath . 
 as they were climbing from the carriage , however , a guard rushed up to elend . 
 tin allowed vin to hear what the man said , even though he spoke before she could close the distance . 
 `` your majesty , '' the guard whispered , `` our messenger reached you , then ? '' 
 `` no , '' elend said with a frown as vin walked over . 
 the soldier gave her a look , but continued speaking ; the soldiers all knew that vin was elend 's primary bodyguard and confidant . 
 still , the man looked oddly concerned when he saw her . 
 `` we ... ah , do n't want to be intrusive , '' the soldier said . 
 `` that 's why we 've kept this quiet . 
 we were just wondering if ... everything is all right . '' 
 he looked at vin as he spoke . 
 `` what is this about ? '' 
 elend asked . 
 the guard turned back toward the king . 
 `` the corpse in lady vin 's room . '' 
 the `` corpse '' was actually a skeleton . 
 one completely picked clean , without a hint of blood-or even tissue-marring its shiny white surfaces . 
 a good number of the bones were broken , however . 
 `` i 'm sorry , mistress , '' oreseur said , speaking low enough that only she could hear . 
 `` i assumed that you were going to dispose of these . '' 
 vin nodded . 
 the skeleton was , of course , the one oreseur had been using before she gave him the animal body . 
 finding the door unlocked-vin 's usual sign that she wanted a room cleaned-the maids had entered . 
 vin had stashed the bones in a basket , intending to deal with them later . 
 apparently , the maids had decided to check and see what was in the basket , and been somewhat surprised . 
 `` it 's all right , captain , '' elend said to the young guard-captain demoux , second-in-command of the palace guard . 
 despite the fact that ham shunned uniforms , this man seemed to take great pride in keeping his own uniform very neat and smart . 
 `` you did well by keeping this quiet , '' elend said . 
 `` we knew about these bones already . 
 they are n't a reason for concern . '' 
 demoux nodded . 
 `` we figured it was something intentional . '' 
 he did n't look at vin as he spoke . 
 intentional , vin thought . 
 great . 
 i wonder what this man thinks i did . 
 few skaa knew what kandra were , and demoux would n't know what to make of remains like these . 
 `` could you dispose of these quietly for me , captain ? '' 
 elend asked , nodding to the bones . 
 `` of course , your majesty , '' the guard said . 
 he probably assumes i ate the person or something , vin thought with a sigh . 
 sucked the flesh right off his bones . 
 which , actually , was n't that far from the truth . 
 `` your majesty , '' demoux said . 
 `` would you like us to dispose of the other body as well ? '' 
 vin froze . 
 `` other one ? '' 
 elend asked slowly . 
 the guard nodded . 
 `` when we found this skeleton , we brought in some dogs to sniff about . 
 the dogs did n't turn up any killers , but they did find another body . 
 just like this one-a set of bones , completely cleaned of flesh . '' 
 vin and elend shared a look . 
 `` show us , '' elend said . 
 demoux nodded , and led them out of the room , giving a few whispered orders to one of his men . 
 the four of them-three humans and one kandra-traveled a short distance down the palace hallway , toward a less used section of visitors ' chambers . 
 demoux dismissed a soldier standing at a particular door , then led them inside . 
 `` this body was n't in a basket , your majesty , '' demoux said . 
 `` it was stuffed in a back closet . 
 we 'd probably never have found it without the dogs-they picked up the scent pretty easily , though i ca n't see how . 
 these corpses are completely clean of flesh . '' 
 and there it was . 
 another skeleton , like the first , sitting piled beside a bureau . 
 elend glanced at vin , then turned to demoux . 
 `` would you excuse us , captain ? '' 
 the young guard nodded , walking from the room and closing the door . 
 `` well ? '' 
 elend said , turning to oreseur . 
 `` i do not know where this came from , '' the kandra said . 
 `` but it is another kandra-eaten corpse , '' vin said . 
 `` undoubtedly , mistress , '' oreseur said . 
 `` the dogs found it because of the particular scent our digestive juices leave on recently excreted bones . '' 
 elend and vin shared a look . 
 `` however , '' oreseur said , `` it is probably not what you think . 
 this man was probably killed far from here . '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` they are discarded bones , your majesty , '' oreseur said . 
 `` the bones a kandra leaves behind ... '' `` after he finds a new body , '' vin finished . 
 `` yes , mistress , '' oreseur said . 
 vin looked at elend , who frowned . 
 `` how long ago ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` maybe the bones were left a year before , by my father 's kandra . '' 
 `` perhaps , your majesty , '' oreseur said . 
 but he sounded hesitant . 
 he padded over , sniffing at the bones . 
 vin picked one up herself , holding it to her nose . 
 with tin , she easily picked out a sharp scent that reminded her of bile . 
 `` it 's very strong , '' she said , glancing at oreseur . 
 he nodded . 
 `` these bones have n't been here long , your majesty . 
 a few hours at most . 
 perhaps even less . '' 
 `` which means we have another kandra somewhere in the palace , '' elend said , looking a bit sick . 
 `` one of my staff has been ... eaten and replaced . '' 
 `` yes , your majesty , '' oreseur said . 
 `` there is no way to tell from these bones whom it could be , since these are the discards . 
 the kandra would have taken the new bones , eating their flesh and wearing their clothing . '' 
 elend nodded , standing . 
 he met vin 's eyes , and she knew he was thinking the same thing she was . 
 it was possible that a member of the palace staff had been replaced , which would mean a slight breach in security . 
 there was a far more dangerous possibility , however . 
 kandra were incomparable actors ; oreseur had imitated lord renoux so perfectly that even people who 'd known him had been fooled . 
 such talent could have been used for the imitation of a maid or a servant . 
 however , if an enemy had wanted to get a spy into elend 's closed meetings , he would need to replace a person far more important . 
 it would be someone that we have n't seen during the last few hours , vin thought , dropping the bone . 
 she , elend , and oreseur had been on the wall for most of the afternoon and evening-ever since the end of the assembly meeting-but the city and palace had been in chaos since the second army had arrived . 
 the messengers had had trouble finding ham , and she still was n't certain where dockson was . 
 in fact , she had n't seen clubs until he 'd joined her and elend on the wall just a bit before . 
 and spook had been the last to arrive . 
 vin looked down at the pile of bones , feeling a sickening sense of unease . 
 there was a very good chance that someone in their core team-a member of kelsier 's former band-was now an impostor . 
 part two ghosts in the mist it was n't until years later that i became convinced that alendi was the hero of ages . 
 hero of ages : the one called rabzeen in khlennium , the anamnesor . 
 savior . 
 12 a fortress sat in the misty murk of evening . 
 it rested at the bottom of a large depression in the land . 
 the steep-sided , craterlike valley was so wide that even in daylight sazed would barely have been able to see the other side . 
 in the oncoming darkness , obscured by mist , the far edge of the massive hole was only a deep shadow . 
 sazed knew very little about tactics and strategy ; though his metalminds held dozens of books on the subjects , he had forgotten their contents in order to create the stored records . 
 the little he did know told him that this fortress-the conventical of seran-was not very defensible . 
 it relinquished the high ground , and the crater sides would provide an excellent location for siege engines to pelt rocks down at the walls . 
 this fortress , however , had not been built to defend against enemy soldiers . 
 it had been built to provide solitude . 
 the crater made it difficult to find , for a slight rise in the land around the crater 's lip made it practically invisible until one drew near . 
 no roads or paths marked the way , and travelers would have great trouble getting down the sheer sides . 
 the inquisitors did not want visitors . 
 `` well ? '' 
 marsh asked . 
 he and sazed stood on the crater 's northern lip , before a drop of several hundred feet . 
 sazed tapped his vision tinmind , drawing forth some of the eyesight he had stored within it . 
 the edges of his vision fuzzed , but things directly in front of him seemed to grow much closer . 
 he tapped a little more sight , ignoring the nausea that came from compounding so much vision . 
 the increased eyesight let him study the conventical as if he stood before it . 
 he could see each notch in the dark stone walls-flat , broad , imposing . 
 he could discern each bit of rust on the large steel plates that hung bolted into outside stones of the wall . 
 he could see each lichen-encrusted corner and ash-stained ledge . 
 there were no windows . 
 `` i do not know , '' sazed said slowly , releasing his vision tinmind . 
 `` it is not easy to say whether or not the fortress is inhabited . 
 there is no motion , nor is there light . 
 but , perhaps the inquisitors are just hiding inside . '' 
 `` no , '' marsh said , his stiff voice uncomfortably loud in the evening air . 
 `` they are gone . '' 
 `` why would they leave ? 
 this is a place of great strength , i think . 
 poor defense against an army , but a great defense against the chaos of the times . '' 
 marsh shook his head . 
 `` they are gone . '' 
 `` how are you so certain ? '' 
 `` i do not know . '' 
 `` where did they go , then ? '' 
 marsh looked at him , then turned and glanced over his shoulder . 
 `` north . '' 
 `` toward luthadel ? '' 
 sazed asked , frowning . 
 `` among other things , '' marsh said . 
 `` come . 
 i do not know if they will return , but we should exploit this opportunity . '' 
 sazed nodded . 
 this was why they had come , after all . 
 still , a part of him hesitated . 
 he was a man of books and genteel service . 
 traveling the countryside to visit villages was enough removed from his experience to be discomforting . 
 infiltrating the inquisitor stronghold ... marsh obviously did n't care about his companion 's inner struggles . 
 the inquisitor turned and began to walk along the rim of the crater . 
 sazed threw his pack over his shoulder , then followed . 
 they eventually arrived at a cage-like contraption , obviously meant to be lowered down to the bottom by ropes and pulleys . 
 the cage sat locked in place at the top ledge , and marsh stopped at its side , but did not enter . 
 `` what ? '' 
 sazed asked . 
 `` the pulley system , '' marsh said . 
 `` the cage is meant to be lowered by men holding it from below . '' 
 sazed nodded , realizing this was true . 
 marsh stepped forward and threw a lever . 
 the cage fell . 
 ropes began to smoke , and pulleys squealed as the massive cage plummeted toward the chasm floor . 
 a muted crash echoed against the rocks . 
 if there is anyone down there , sazed thought , they now know we 're here . 
 marsh turned toward him , the heads of his eye-spikes glistening slightly in the failing sunlight . 
 `` follow however you wish , '' he said . 
 then , he tied off the counterrope and began to climb down the ropes . 
 sazed stepped up to the platform 's edge , watching marsh shimmy down the dangling rope into the shadowed , misty abyss . 
 then , sazed knelt and opened his pack . 
 he unhooked the large metal bracers around his upper and lower arms-his core copperminds . 
 they contained the memories of a keeper , the stored knowledge of centuries past . 
 he reverently placed them to the side , then pulled a pair of much smaller bracelets-one iron , one pewter-from the pack . 
 metalminds for a warrior . 
 did marsh understand how unskilled sazed was in this area ? 
 amazing strength did not a warrior make . 
 regardless , sazed snapped the two bracelets around his ankles . 
 next , he pulled out two rings-tin and copper . 
 these he slipped on his fingers . 
 he closed the pack and threw it over his shoulder , then picked up his core copperminds . 
 he carefully located a good hiding place-a secluded hollow between two boulders-and slid them inside . 
 whatever happened below , he did n't want to risk them being taken and destroyed by the inquisitors . 
 in order to fill a coppermind with memories , sazed had listened to another keeper recite his entire collection of histories , facts , and stories . 
 sazed had memorized each sentence , then shoved those memories into the coppermind for later retrieval . 
 sazed remembered very little of the actual experience-but he could draw forth any of the books or essays he wished , placing them back into his mind , gaining the ability to recollect them as crisply as when he 'd first memorized them . 
 he just had to have the bracers on . 
 being without his copperminds made him anxious . 
 he shook his head , walking back over to the platform . 
 marsh was moving very quickly down toward the chasm floor ; like all inquisitors , he had the powers of a mistborn . 
 though how he had gotten those powers-and how he managed to live despite the spikes that had been driven directly through his brain-was a mystery . 
 marsh had never answered sazed 's questions on the subject . 
 sazed called down , drawing marsh 's attention , then held up his pack and dropped it . 
 marsh reached out , and the pack lurched , pulled by its metals into marsh 's hand . 
 the inquisitor threw it over his shoulder before continuing his descent . 
 sazed nodded thankfully , then stepped off the platform . 
 as he began to fall , he mentally reached into his ironmind , searching for the power he had stored therein . 
 filling a metalmind always had a cost : in order to store up sight , sazed had been forced to spend weeks with poor eyesight . 
 during that time , he had worn a tin bracelet , stowing away the excess sight for later use . 
 iron was a bit different from the others . 
 it did n't store up sight , strength , endurance-or even memories . 
 it stored something completely different : weight . 
 this day , sazed did n't tap the power stored inside the ironmind ; that would have made him more heavy . 
 instead , he began to fill the ironmind , letting it suck away his weight . 
 he felt a familiar sense of lightness-a sense that his own body was n't pressing upon itself as forcefully . 
 his fall slowed . 
 the terris philosophers had much to say on using an ironmind . 
 they explained that the power did n't actually change a person 's bulk or size-it just somehow changed the way that the ground pulled against them . 
 sazed 's fall did n't slow because of his decrease in weight-it slowed because he suddenly had a relatively large amount of surface exposed to the wind of his fall , and a lighter body to go along with it . 
 regardless of the scientific reasons , sazed did n't fall as quickly . 
 the thin metal bracelets on his legs were the heaviest things on his body , and they kept him pointed feet-downward . 
 he held out his arms and bent his body slightly , letting the wind push against him . 
 his descent was not terribly slow-not like that of a leaf or a feather . 
 however , he did n't plummet either . 
 instead , he fell in a controlled-almost leisurely-manner . 
 clothing flapping , arms outspread , he passed marsh , who watched with a curious expression . 
 as he approached the ground , sazed tapped his pewtermind , drawing forth a tiny bit of strength to prepare . 
 he hit the ground-but , because his body was so light , there was very little shock . 
 he barely even needed to bend his knees to absorb the force of impact . 
 he stopped filling the ironmind , released his pewter , and waited quietly for marsh . 
 beside him , the carrying cage lay in shambles . 
 sazed noticed several broken iron shackles with discomfort . 
 apparently , some of those who had visited the conventical had not come by choice . 
 by the time marsh neared the bottom , the mists were thick in the air . 
 sazed had lived with them all of his life , and had never before felt uncomfortable in them . 
 yet , now he half expected the mists to begin choking him . 
 to kill him , as they seemed to have done to old jed , the unfortunate farmer whose death sazed had investigated . 
 marsh dropped the last ten feet or so , landing with an allomancer 's increased agility . 
 even after spending so much time with mistborn , sazed was impressed with allomancy 's gifts . 
 of course , he 'd never been jealous of them-not really . 
 true , allomancy was better in a fight ; but it could not expand the mind , giving one access to the dreams , hopes , and beliefs of a thousand years of culture . 
 it could not give the knowledge to treat a wound , or help teach a poor village to use modern fertilization techniques . 
 the metalminds of feruchemy were n't flamboyant , but they had a far more lasting value to society . 
 besides , sazed knew a few tricks with feruchemy that were bound to surprise even the most prepared warrior . 
 marsh handed him the pack . 
 `` come . '' 
 sazed nodded , shouldering the pack and following the inquisitor across the rocky ground . 
 walking next to marsh was odd , for sazed was n't accustomed to being around people who were as tall as he was . 
 terrismen were tall by nature , and sazed even more so : his arms and legs were a bit too long for his body , a medical condition brought on by his having been castrated as a very young boy . 
 though the lord ruler was dead , terris culture would long feel the effects of his stewardship and breeding programs-the methods by which he had tried to breed feruchemical powers out of the terris people . 
 the conventical of seran loomed in the darkness , looking even more ominous now that sazed stood within the crater . 
 marsh strode right up to the front doors , and sazed followed behind . 
 he was n't afraid , not really . 
 fear had never been a strong motivator in sazed 's life . 
 however , he did worry . 
 there were so few keepers left ; if he died , that was one fewer person who could travel , restoring lost truths and teaching the people . 
 not that i 'm doing such at the moment anyway ... marsh regarded the massive steel doors . 
 then he threw his weight against one , obviously burning pewter to enhance his strength . 
 sazed joined him , pushing hard . 
 the door did not budge . 
 regretting the expenditure of power , sazed reached into his pewtermind and tapped strength . 
 he used far more than he had when landing , and his muscles immediately increased in size . 
 unlike allomancy , feruchemy often had direct effects on a person 's body . 
 beneath his robes , sazed gained the bulk and build of a lifetime warrior , easily becoming twice as strong as he had been a moment earlier . 
 with their combined effort , the two of them managed to push the door open . 
 it did not creak . 
 it slid slowly , but evenly , inward , exposing a long , dark hallway . 
 sazed released his pewtermind , reverting to his normal self . 
 marsh strode into the conventical , his feet kicking up the mist that had begun to pour through the open doorway . 
 `` marsh ? '' 
 sazed asked . 
 the inquisitor turned . 
 `` i wo n't be able to see inside there . '' 
 `` your feruchemy ... '' sazed shook his head . 
 `` it can let me see better in darkness , but only if there 's some light to begin with . 
 in addition , tapping that much sight would drain my tinmind in a matter of minutes . 
 i 'll need a lantern . '' 
 marsh paused , then nodded . 
 he turned into the darkness , quickly disappearing from sazed 's view . 
 so , sazed thought , inquisitors do n't need light to see . 
 it was to be expected : the spikes filled marsh 's entire sockets , completely destroying the eyeballs . 
 whatever strange power allowed inquisitors to see , it apparently worked just as well in pure darkness as it did in daylight . 
 marsh returned a few moments later , carrying a lamp . 
 from the chains sazed had seen on the descent cage , sazed suspected that the inquisitors had kept a sizable group of slaves and servants to attend their needs . 
 if that was the case , where had the people gone ? 
 had they fled ? 
 sazed lit the lamp with a flint from his pack . 
 the lamp 's ghostly light illuminated a stark , daunting hallway . 
 he stepped into the conventical , holding the lamp high , and began to fill the small copper ring on his finger , the process transforming it into a coppermind . 
 `` large rooms , '' he whispered , `` without adornment . '' 
 he did n't really need to say the words , but he 'd found that speaking helped him form distinct memories . 
 he could then place them into the coppermind . 
 `` the inquisitors , obviously , had a fondness for steel , '' he continued . 
 `` this is not surprising , considering that their religion was often referred to as the steel ministry . 
 the walls are hung with massive steel plates , which bear no rust , unlike the ones outside . 
 many of those here are not completely smooth , but instead crafted with some interesting patterns etched ... almost buffed ... into their surfaces . '' 
 marsh frowned , turning toward him . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 sazed held up his right hand , showing the copper ring . 
 `` i must make an account of this visit . 
 i will need to repeat this experience back to other keepers when the opportunity presents itself . 
 there is much to be learned from this place , i think . '' 
 marsh turned away . 
 `` you should not care about the inquisitors . 
 they are not worthy of your record . '' 
 `` it is n't a matter of worthiness , marsh , '' sazed said , holding up his lamp to study a square pillar . 
 `` knowledge of all religions is valuable . 
 i must make certain these things persist . '' 
 sazed regarded the pillar for a moment , then closed his eyes and formed an image of it inside his head , which he then added to the coppermind . 
 visual memories , however , were less useful than spoken words . 
 visualizations faded very quickly once taken out of a coppermind , suffering from the mind 's distortion . 
 plus , they could not be passed to other keepers . 
 marsh did n't respond to sazed 's comment about religion ; he just turned and walked deeper into the building . 
 sazed followed at a slower pace , speaking to himself , recording the words in his coppermind . 
 it was an interesting experience . 
 as soon as he spoke , he felt the thoughts sucked from his mind , leaving behind a blank hollowness . 
 he had difficulty remembering the specifics of what he had just been saying . 
 however , once he was done filling his coppermind , he would be able to tap those memories later and know them with crisp clarity . 
 `` the room is tall , '' he said . 
 `` there are a few pillars , and they are also wrapped in steel . 
 they are blocky and square , rather than round . 
 i get a sense that this place was created by a people who cared little for subtlety . 
 they ignored small details in favor of broad lines and full geometries . 
 `` as we move beyond the main entryway , this architectural theme continues . 
 there are no paintings on the walls , nor are there wooden adornments or tile floors . 
 instead , there are only the long , broad hallways with their harsh lines and reflective surfaces . 
 the floor is constructed of steel squares , each a few feet across . 
 they are ... cold to the touch . 
 `` it is strange not to see the tapestries , stained-glass windows , and sculpted stones that are so common in luthadel 's architecture . 
 there are no spires or vaultings here . 
 just squares and rectangles . 
 lines ... so many lines . 
 nothing here is soft . 
 no carpet , no rugs , no windows . 
 it is a place for people who see the world differently from ordinary men . 
 `` marsh walked straight down this massive hallway , as if oblivious to its decor . 
 i will follow him , then come back to record more later . 
 he seems to be following something ... something i can not sense . 
 perhaps it is ... '' sazed trailed off as he stepped around a bend and saw marsh standing in the doorway of a large chamber . 
 the lamplight flickered unevenly as sazed 's arm quivered . 
 marsh had found the servants . 
 they had been dead long enough that sazed had n't noticed the scent until he had come close . 
 perhaps that was what marsh had been following ; the senses of a man burning tin could be quite acute . 
 the inquisitors had done their work thoroughly . 
 these were the remnants of a slaughter . 
 the room was large , but had only one exit , and the bodies were piled high near the back , killed by what looked like harsh sword or axe strokes . 
 the servants had huddled up against the back wall as they died . 
 sazed turned away . 
 marsh , however , remained in the doorway . 
 `` there is a bad air about this place , '' he finally said . 
 `` you have only just noticed that ? '' 
 sazed asked . 
 marsh turned , glancing at him , demanding his gaze . 
 `` we should not spend much time here . 
 there are stairs at the end of the hallway behind us . 
 i will go up-that is where the inquisitors ' quarters will be . 
 if the information i seek is here , i will find it there . 
 you may stay , or you may descend . 
 however , do not follow me . '' 
 sazed frowned . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` i must be alone here . 
 i can not explain it . 
 i do not care if you witness inquisitor atrocities . 
 i just ... do not wish to be with you when you do . '' 
 sazed lowered his lamp , turning its light away from the horrific scene . 
 `` very well . '' 
 marsh turned , brushing past sazed and disappearing into the dark hallway . 
 and sazed was alone . 
 he tried not to think about that very much . 
 he returned to the main hallway , describing the slaughter to his coppermind before giving a more detailed explanation of the architecture and the art-if , indeed , that was what the different patterns on the wall plates could be called . 
 as he worked-his voice echoing quietly against the rigid architecture , his lamp a weak drop of light reflected in steel-his eyes were drawn toward the back of the hallway . 
 there was a pool of darkness there . 
 a stairwell , leading down . 
 even as he turned back to his description of one of the wall mounts , he knew that he would eventually find himself walking toward that darkness . 
 it was the same as ever-the curiosity , the need to understand the unknown . 
 this sense had driven him as a keeper , had led him to kelsier 's company . 
 his search for truths could never be completed , but neither could it be ignored . 
 so , he eventually turned and approached the stairwell , his own whispering voice his only companion . 
 `` the stairs are akin to what i saw in the hallway . 
 they are broad and expansive , like the steps leading up to a temple or palace . 
 except , these go down , into darkness . 
 they are large , likely cut from stone and then lined with steel . 
 they are tall , meant for a determined stride . 
 `` as i walk , i wonder what secrets the inquisitors deemed worthy of hiding below the earth , in the basement of their stronghold . 
 this entire building is a secret . 
 what did they do here , in these massive hallways and open , empty rooms ? 
 `` the stairwell ends in another large , square room . 
 i 've noticed something-there are no doors in the doorways here . 
 each room is open , visible to those outside . 
 as i walk , peeking into the rooms beneath the earth , i find cavernous chambers with few furnishings . 
 no libraries , no lounges . 
 several contain large metal blocks that could be altars . 
 `` there is ... something different here in this last room , at the back of the main landing . 
 i 'm not certain what to make of it . 
 a torture chamber , perhaps ? 
 there are tables-metal tables-set into the floor . 
 they are bloody , though there are no corpses . 
 blood flakes and powders at my feet-a lot of men have died in this room , i think . 
 there do n't appear to be torture implements beyond ... `` spikes . 
 like the ones in inquisitor eyes . 
 massive , heavy things-like the spikes one might pound into the ground with a very large mallet . 
 some are tipped with blood , though i do n't think i 'll handle those . 
 these other ones ... yes , they look indistinguishable from the ones in marsh 's eyes . 
 yet , some are of different metals . '' 
 sazed set the spike down on a table , metal clinking against metal . 
 he shivered , scanning the room again . 
 a place to make new inquisitors , perhaps ? 
 he had a sudden horrific vision of the creatures-once only several dozen in number-having swelled their ranks during their months sequestered in the conventical . 
 but that did n't seem right . 
 they were a secretive , exclusive bunch . 
 where would they have found enough men worthy of joining their ranks ? 
 why not make inquisitors from the servants above , rather than just killing them ? 
 sazed had always suspected that a man had to be an allomancer to be changed into an inquisitor . 
 marsh 's own experience substantiated that premise : marsh had been a seeker , a man who could burn bronze , before his transformation . 
 sazed looked again at the blood , the spikes , and the tables , and decided he was n't certain that he wanted to know how one made a new inquisitor . 
 sazed was about to leave the room when his lamp revealed something at the back . 
 another doorway . 
 he moved forward , trying to ignore the dried blood at his feet , and entered a chamber that did n't seem to match the rest of the conventical 's daunting architecture . 
 it was cut directly into the stone , and it twisted down into a very small stairwell . 
 curious , sazed walked down the set of worn stone steps . 
 for the first time since entering the building , he felt cramped , and he had to stoop as he reached the bottom of the stairwell and entered a small chamber . 
 he stood up straight , and held up his lamp to reveal ... a wall . 
 the room ended abruptly , and his light sparkled off the wall . 
 it held a steel plate , like those above . 
 this one was a good five feet across , and nearly as tall . 
 and it bore writing . 
 suddenly interested , sazed set down his pack and stepped forward , raising his lamp to read the top words on the wall . 
 the text was in terris . 
 it was an old dialect , certainly , but one that sazed could make out even without his language coppermind . 
 his hand trembled as he read the words . 
 i write these words in steel , for anything not set in metal can not be trusted . 
 i have begun to wonder if i am the only sane man remaining . 
 can the others not see ? 
 they have been waiting so long for their hero to come-the one spoken of in terris prophecies-that they quickly jump between conclusions , presuming that each story and legend applies to this one man . 
 my brethren ignore the other facts . 
 they can not connect the other strange things that are happening . 
 they are deaf to my objections and blind to my discoveries . 
 perhaps they are right . 
 perhaps i am mad , or jealous , or simply daft . 
 my name is kwaan . 
 philosopher , scholar , traitor . 
 i am the one who discovered alendi , and i am the one who first proclaimed him to be the hero of ages . 
 i am the one who started this all . 
 and i am the one who betrayed him , for i now know that he must never be allowed to complete his quest . 
 `` sazed . '' 
 sazed jumped , nearly dropping the lamp . 
 marsh stood in the doorway behind him . 
 imperious , discomforting , and so dark . 
 he fit this place , with its lines and hardness . 
 `` the upstairs quarters are empty , '' marsh said . 
 `` this trip has been a waste-my brethren took anything of use with them . '' 
 `` not a waste , marsh , '' sazed said , turning back to the plate of text . 
 he had n't read all of it ; he had n't even gotten close . 
 the script was written in a tight , cramped hand , its etchings coating the wall . 
 the steel had preserved the words despite their obvious age . 
 sazed 's heart beat a little faster . 
 this was a fragment of text from before the lord ruler 's reign . 
 a fragment written by a terris philosopher-a holy man . 
 despite ten centuries of searching , the keepers had never fulfilled the original goal of their creation : they had never discovered their own terris religion . 
 the lord ruler had squelched terris religious teachings soon after his rise to power . 
 his persecution of the terris people-his own people-had been the most complete of his long reign , and the keepers had never found more than vague fragments regarding what their own people had once believed . 
 `` i have to copy this down , marsh , '' sazed said , reaching for his pack . 
 taking a visual memory would n't work-no man could stare at a wall of so much text , then remember the words . 
 he could , perhaps , read them into his coppermind . 
 however , he wanted a physical record , one that perfectly preserved the structure of lines and punctuation . 
 marsh shook his head . 
 `` we will not stay here . 
 i do not think we should even have come . '' 
 sazed paused , looking up . 
 then he pulled several large sheets of paper from his pack . 
 `` very well , then , '' he said . 
 `` i 'll take a rubbing . 
 that will be better anyway , i think . 
 it will let me see the text exactly as it was written . '' 
 marsh nodded , and sazed got out his charcoal . 
 this discovery ... he thought with excitement . 
 this will be like rashek 's logbook . 
 we are getting close ! 
 however , even as he began the rubbing-his hands moving carefully and precisely-another thought occurred to him . 
 with a text like this in his possession , his sense of duty would no longer let him wander the villages . 
 he had to return to the north to share what he had found , lest he die and this text be lost . 
 he had to go to terris . 
 or ... to luthadel . 
 from there he could send messages north . 
 he had a valid excuse to get back to the center of action , to see the other crewmembers again . 
 why did that make him feel even more guilty ? 
 when i finally had the realization-finally connected all of the signs of the anticipation to alendi-i was so excited . 
 yet , when i announced my discovery to the other worldbringers , i was met with scorn . 
 oh , how i wish that i had listened to them . 
 13 mist swirled and spun , like monochrome paints running together on a canvas . 
 light died in the west , and night came of age . 
 vin frowned . 
 `` does it seem like the mists are coming earlier ? '' 
 `` earlier ? '' 
 oreseur asked in his muffled voice . 
 the kandra wolfhound sat next to her on the rooftop . 
 vin nodded . 
 `` before , the mists did n't start to appear until after it grew dark , right ? '' 
 `` it is dark , mistress . '' 
 `` but they 're already here-they started to gather when the sun was barely beginning to set . '' 
 `` i do n't see that it matters , mistress . 
 perhaps the mists are simply like other weather patterns-they vary , sometimes . '' 
 `` does n't it even seem a little strange to you ? '' 
 `` i will think it strange if you wish me to , mistress , '' oreseur said . 
 `` that is n't what i meant . '' 
 `` i apologize , mistress , '' oreseur said . 
 `` tell me what you do mean , and i will be certain to believe as commanded . '' 
 vin sighed , rubbing her brow . 
 i wish sazed were back ... she thought . 
 it was an idle wish , however . 
 even if sazed were in luthadel , he would n't be her steward . 
 the terrismen no longer called any man master . 
 she 'd have to make do with oreseur . 
 the kandra , at least , could provide information that sazed could not-assuming she could get it out of him . 
 `` we need to find the impostor , '' vin said . 
 `` the one who ... replaced someone . '' 
 `` yes , mistress , '' oreseur said . 
 vin sat back in the mists , reclining on a slanted rooftop , resting her arms back on the tiles . 
 `` then , i need to know more about you . '' 
 `` me , mistress ? '' 
 `` kandra in general . 
 if i 'm going to find this impostor , i need to know how he thinks , need to understand his motivations . '' 
 `` his motivations will be simple , mistress , '' oreseur said . 
 `` he will be following his contract . '' 
 `` what if he 's acting without a contract ? '' 
 oreseur shook his canine head . 
 `` kandra always have a contract . 
 without one , they are not allowed to enter human society . '' 
 `` never ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 `` never . '' 
 `` and what if this is some kind of rogue kandra ? '' 
 vin said . 
 `` such a thing does not exist , '' oreseur said firmly . 
 oh ? 
 vin thought skeptically . 
 however , she let the matter drop . 
 there was little reason for a kandra to infiltrate the palace on his own ; it was far more likely that one of elend 's enemies had sent the creature . 
 one of the warlords , perhaps , or maybe the obligators . 
 even the other nobility in the city would have had good reason to spy on elend . 
 `` okay , '' vin said . 
 `` the kandra is a spy , sent to gather information for another human . '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` but , '' vin said , `` if he did take the body of someone in the palace , he did n't kill them himself . 
 kandra ca n't kill humans , right ? '' 
 oreseur nodded . 
 `` we are all bound by that rule . '' 
 `` so , somebody snuck into the palace , murdered a member of the staff , then had their kandra take the body . '' 
 she paused , trying to work through the problem . 
 `` the most dangerous possibilities-the crewmembers-should be considered first . 
 fortunately , since the killing happened yesterday , we can eliminate breeze , who was outside the city at the time . '' 
 oreseur nodded . 
 `` we can eliminate elend as well , '' vin said . 
 `` he was with us on the wall yesterday . '' 
 `` that still leaves the majority of the crew , mistress . '' 
 vin frowned , sitting back . 
 she 'd tried to establish solid alibis for ham , dockson , clubs , and spook . 
 however , all of them had had at least a few hours unaccounted for . 
 long enough for a kandra to digest them and take their place . 
 `` all right , '' she said . 
 `` so , how do i find the impostor ? 
 how can i tell him from other people ? '' 
 oreseur sat quietly in the mists . 
 `` there has to be a way , '' vin said . 
 `` his imitation ca n't be perfect . 
 would cutting him work ? '' 
 oreseur shook his head . 
 `` kandra replicate a body perfectly , mistress-blood , flesh , skin , and muscle . 
 you have seen that when i split my skin . '' 
 vin sighed , standing and stepping up on the tip of the peaked rooftop . 
 the mists were already full , and the night was quickly becoming black . 
 she began to walk idly back and forth on the ridge , an allomancer 's balance keeping her from falling . 
 `` perhaps i can just see who is n't acting oddly , '' she said . 
 `` are most kandra as good at imitation as you are ? '' 
 `` among kandra , my own skill is average . 
 some are worse , others are better . '' 
 `` but no actor is perfect , '' vin said . 
 `` kandra do n't often make mistakes , mistress , '' oreseur said . 
 `` but , this is probably your best method . 
 be warned , however-he could be anyone . 
 my kind are very skilled . '' 
 vin paused . 
 it 's not elend , she told herself forcibly . 
 he was with me all day yesterday . 
 except in the morning . 
 too long , she decided . 
 we were on the wall for hours , and those bones were freshly expelled . 
 besides , i 'd know if it were him ... would n't i ? 
 she shook her head . 
 `` there has to be another way . 
 can i spot a kandra with allomancy somehow ? '' 
 oreseur did n't answer immediately . 
 she turned toward him in the darkness , studying his canine face . 
 `` what ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` these are not things we speak of with outsiders . '' 
 vin sighed . 
 `` tell me anyway . '' 
 `` do you command me to speak ? '' 
 `` i do n't really care to command you in anything . '' 
 `` then i may leave ? '' 
 oreseur asked . 
 `` you do not wish to command me , so our contract is dissolved ? '' 
 `` that is n't what i meant , '' vin said . 
 oreseur frowned-a strange expression to see on a dog 's face . 
 `` it would be easier for me if you would try to say what you mean , mistress . '' 
 vin gritted her teeth . 
 `` why is it you 're so hostile ? '' 
 `` i 'm not hostile , mistress . 
 i am your servant , and will do as you command . 
 that is part of the contract . '' 
 `` sure . 
 are you like this with all of your masters ? '' 
 `` with most , i am fulfilling a specific role , '' oreseur said . 
 `` i have bones to imitate-a person to become , a personality to adopt . 
 you have given me no direction ; just the bones of this ... animal . '' 
 so that 's it , vin thought . 
 still annoyed by the dog 's body . 
 `` look , those bones do n't really change anything . 
 you are still the same person . '' 
 `` you do not understand . 
 it is not who a kandra is that 's important . 
 it 's who a kandra becomes . 
 the bones he takes , the role he fulfills . 
 none of my previous masters have asked me to do something like this . '' 
 `` well , i 'm not like other masters , '' vin said . 
 `` anyway , i asked you a question . 
 is there a way i can spot a kandra with allomancy ? 
 and yes , i command you to speak . '' 
 a flash of triumph shone in oreseur 's eyes , as if he enjoyed forcing her into her role . 
 `` kandra can not be affected by mental allomancy , mistress . '' 
 vin frowned . 
 `` not at all ? '' 
 `` no , mistress , '' oreseur said . 
 `` you can try to riot or soothe our emotions , if you wish , but it will have no effect . 
 we wo n't even know that you are trying to manipulate us . '' 
 like someone who is burning copper . 
 `` that 's not exactly the most useful bit of information , '' she said , strolling past the kandra on the roof . 
 allomancers could n't read minds or emotions ; when they soothed or rioted another person , they simply had to hope that the person reacted as intended . 
 she could `` test '' for a kandra by soothing someone 's emotions , perhaps . 
 if they did n't react , that might mean they were a kandra-but it could also just mean that they were good at containing their emotions . 
 oreseur watched her pacing . 
 `` if it were easy to detect kandra , mistress , then we would n't be worth much as impostors , would we ? '' 
 `` i suppose not , '' vin acknowledged . 
 however , thinking about what he 'd said made her consider something else . 
 `` can a kandra use allomancy ? 
 if they eat an allomancer , i mean ? '' 
 oreseur shook his head . 
 that 's another method , then , vin thought . 
 if i catch a member of the crew burning metals , then i know he 's not the kandra . 
 would n't help with dockson or the palace servants , but it would let her eliminate ham and spook . 
 `` there 's something else , '' vin said . 
 `` before , when we were doing the job with kelsier , he said that we had to keep you away from the lord ruler and his inquisitors . 
 why was that ? '' 
 oreseur looked away . 
 `` this is not a thing we speak of . '' 
 `` then i command you to speak of it . '' 
 `` then i must refuse to answer , '' oreseur said . 
 `` refuse to answer ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 `` you can do that ? '' 
 oreseur nodded . 
 `` we are not required to reveal secrets about kandra nature , mistress . 
 it is - '' `` in the contract , '' vin finished , frowning . 
 i really need to read that thing again . 
 `` yes , mistress . 
 i have , perhaps , said too much already . '' 
 vin turned away from oreseur , looking out over the city . 
 the mists continued to spin . 
 vin closed her eyes , questing out with bronze , trying to feel the telltale pulse of an allomancer burning metals nearby . 
 oreseur rose and padded over beside her , then settled down on his haunches again , sitting on the inclined roof . 
 `` should n't you be at the meeting the king is having , mistress ? '' 
 `` perhaps later , '' vin said , opening her eyes . 
 out beyond the city , watchfires from the armies lit the horizon . 
 keep venture blazed in the night to her right , and inside of it , elend was holding council with the others . 
 many of the most important men in the government , sitting together in one room . 
 elend would call her paranoid for insisting that she be the one who watched for spies and assassins . 
 that was fine ; he could call her whatever he wanted , as long as he stayed alive . 
 she settled back down . 
 she was glad elend had decided to pick keep venture as his palace , rather than moving into kredik shaw , the lord ruler 's home . 
 not only was kredik shaw too big to be properly defended , but it also reminded her of him . 
 the lord ruler . 
 she thought of the lord ruler often , lately-or , rather , she thought of rashek , the man who had become the lord ruler . 
 a terrisman by birth , rashek had killed the man who should have taken the power at the well of ascension and ... and done what ? 
 they still did n't know . 
 the hero had been on a quest to protect the people from a danger simply known as the deepness . 
 so much had been lost ; so much had been intentionally destroyed . 
 their best source of information about those days came in the form of an aged journal , written by the hero of ages during the days before rashek had killed him . 
 however , it gave precious few clues about his quest . 
 why do i even worry about these things ? 
 vin thought . 
 the deepness is a thing a thousand years forgotten . 
 elend and the others are right to be concerned about more pressing events . 
 and still , vin found herself strangely detached from them . 
 perhaps that was why she found herself scouting outside . 
 it was n't that she did n't worry about the armies . 
 she just felt ... removed from the problem . 
 even now , as she considered the threat to luthadel , her mind was drawn back to the lord ruler . 
 you do n't know what i do for mankind , he had said . 
 i was your god , even if you could n't see it . 
 by killing me , you have doomed yourselves . 
 those were the lord ruler 's last words , spoken as he lay dying on the floor of his own throne room . 
 they worried her . 
 chilled her , even still . 
 she needed to distract herself . 
 `` what kinds of things do you like , kandra ? '' 
 she asked , turning to the creature , who still sat on the rooftop beside her . 
 `` what are your loves , your hatreds ? '' 
 `` i do not want to answer that . '' 
 vin frowned . 
 `` do not want to , or do not have to ? '' 
 oreseur paused . 
 `` do not want to , mistress . '' 
 the implication was obvious . 
 you 're going to have to command me . 
 she almost did . 
 however , something gave her pause , something in those eyes-inhuman though they were . 
 something familiar . 
 she 'd known resentment like that . 
 she 'd felt it often during her youth , when she 'd served crewleaders who had lorded over their followers . 
 in the crews , one did what one was commanded-especially if one was a small waif of a girl , without rank or means of intimidation . 
 `` if you do n't wish to speak of it , '' vin said , turning away from the kandra , `` then i wo n't force you . '' 
 oreseur was silent . 
 vin breathed in the mist , its cool wetness tickling her throat and lungs . 
 `` do you know what i love , kandra ? '' 
 `` no , mistress . '' 
 `` the mists , '' she said , holding out her arms . 
 `` the power , the freedom . '' 
 oreseur nodded slowly . 
 nearby , vin felt a faint pulsing with her bronze . 
 quiet , strange , unnerving . 
 it was the same odd pulsing that she had felt atop keep venture a few nights before . 
 she had never been brave enough to investigate it again . 
 it 's time to do something about that , she decided . 
 `` do you know what i hate , kandra ? '' 
 she whispered , falling to a crouch , checking her knives and metals . 
 `` no , mistress . '' 
 she turned , meeting oreseur 's eyes . 
 `` i hate being afraid . '' 
 she knew that others thought her jumpy . 
 paranoid . 
 she had lived with fear for so long that she had once seen it as something natural , like the ash , the sun , or the ground itself . 
 kelsier had taken that fear away . 
 she was careful , still , but she did n't feel a constant sense of terror . 
 the survivor had given her a life where the ones she loved did n't beat her , had shown her something better than fear . 
 trust . 
 now that she knew of these things , she would not quickly surrender them . 
 not to armies , not to assassins ... not even to spirits . 
 `` follow if you can , '' she whispered , then dropped off the rooftop to the street below . 
 she dashed along the mist-slicked street , building momentum before she had time to lose her nerve . 
 the source of the bronze pulses was close ; it came from only one street over , in a building . 
 not the top , she decided . 
 one of the darkened windows on the third floor , the shutters open . 
 vin dropped a coin and jumped into the air . 
 she shot upward , angling herself by pushing against a latch across the street . 
 she landed in the window 's pitlike opening , arms grabbing the sides of the frame . 
 she flared tin , letting her eyes adjust to the deep darkness within the abandoned room . 
 and it was there . 
 formed entirely of mists , it shifted and spun , its outline vague in the dark chamber . 
 it had a vantage to see the rooftop where vin and oreseur had been talking . 
 ghosts do n't spy on people ... do they ? 
 skaa did n't speak of things like spirits or the dead . 
 it smacked too much of religion , and religion was for the nobility . 
 to worship was death for skaa . 
 that had n't stopped some , of course-but thieves like vin had been too pragmatic for such things . 
 there was only one thing in skaa lore that this creature matched . 
 mistwraiths . 
 creatures said to steal the souls of men foolish enough to go outside at night . 
 but , vin now knew what mistwraiths were . 
 they were cousins to the kandra-strange , semi-intelligent beasts who used the bones of those they ingested . 
 they were odd , true-but hardly phantoms , and not really even that dangerous . 
 there were no dark wraiths in the night , no haunting spirits or ghouls . 
 or so kelsier had said . 
 the thing standing in the dark room-its insubstantial form writhing in the mists-seemed a powerful counterexample . 
 she gripped the sides of the window , fear-her old friend-returning . 
 run . 
 flee . 
 hide . 
 `` why have you been watching me ? '' 
 she demanded . 
 the thing did not move . 
 its form seemed to draw the mists forward , and they spun slightly , as if in an air current . 
 i can sense it with bronze . 
 that means it 's using allomancy-and allomancy attracts the mist . 
 the thing stepped forward . 
 vin tensed . 
 and then the spirit was gone . 
 vin paused , frowning . 
 that was it ? 
 she had - something grabbed her arm . 
 something cold , something terrible , but something very real . 
 a pain shot through her head , moving as if from her ear and into her mind . 
 she yelled , but cut off as her voice failed . 
 with a quiet groan-her arm quivering and shaking-she fell backward out of the window . 
 her arm was still cold . 
 she could feel it whipping in the air beside her , seeming to exude chill air . 
 mist passed like trailing clouds . 
 vin flared tin . 
 pain , cold , wetness , and lucidity burst into her mind , and she threw herself into a twist and flared pewter just as she hit the ground . 
 `` mistress ? '' 
 oreseur said , darting from the shadows . 
 vin shook her head , pushing herself up to her knees , her palms cool against the slick cobblestones . 
 she could still feel the trailing chill in her left arm . 
 `` shall i go for aid ? '' 
 the wolfhound asked . 
 vin shook her head , forcing herself into a wobbling stand . 
 she looked upward , through swirling mists , toward the black window above . 
 she shivered . 
 her shoulder was sore from where she had hit the ground , and her still bruised side throbbed , but she could feel her strength returning . 
 she stepped away from the building , still looking up . 
 above her , the deep mists seemed ... ominous . 
 obscuring . 
 no , she thought forcefully . 
 the mists are my freedom ; the night is my home ! 
 this is where i belong . 
 i have n't needed to be afraid in the night since kelsier taught me otherwise . 
 she could n't lose that . 
 she would n't go back to the fear . 
 still , she could n't help the quick urgency in her step as she waved to oreseur and scampered away from the building . 
 she gave no explanation for her strange actions . 
 he did n't ask for one . 
 elend set a third pile of books onto the table , and it slumped against the other two , threatening to topple the entire lot to the floor . 
 he steadied them , then glanced up . 
 breeze , in a prim suit , regarded the table with amusement as he sipped his wine . 
 ham and spook were playing a game of stones as they waited for the meeting to begin ; spook was winning . 
 dockson sat in the corner of the room , scribbling on a ledger , and clubs sat in a deep plush chair , eyeing elend with one of his stares . 
 any of these men could be an impostor , elend thought . 
 the thought still seemed insane to him . 
 what was he to do ? 
 exclude them all from his confidence ? 
 no , he needed them too much . 
 the only option was to act normally and watch them . 
 vin had told him to try and spot inconsistencies in their personalities . 
 he intended to do his best , but the reality was he was n't sure how much he would be able to see . 
 this was more vin 's area of expertise . 
 he needed to worry about the armies . 
 thinking of her , he glanced at the stained-glass window at the back of the study , and was surprised to see it was dark . 
 that late already ? 
 elend thought . 
 `` my dear man , '' breeze noted . 
 `` when you told us you needed to ` go and gather a few important references , ' you might have warned us that you were planning to be gone for two full hours . '' 
 `` yes , well , '' elend said , `` i kind of lost track of time ... '' `` for two hours ? '' 
 elend nodded sheepishly . 
 `` there were books involved . '' 
 breeze shook his head . 
 `` if the fate of the central dominance were n't at stake-and if it were n't so fantastically enjoyable to watch hammond lose an entire month 's earnings to the boy there-i 'd have left an hour ago . '' 
 `` yes , well , we can get started now , '' elend said . 
 ham chuckled , standing up . 
 `` actually , it 's kind of like the old days . 
 kell always arrived late , too-and he liked to hold his meetings at night . 
 mistborn hours . '' 
 spook smiled , his coin pouch bulging . 
 we still use boxings-lord ruler imperials-as our coinage , elend thought . 
 we 'll have to do something about that . 
 `` i miss the charcoal board , though , '' spook said . 
 `` i certainly do n't , '' breeze replied . 
 `` kell had atrocious handwriting . '' 
 `` absolutely atrocious , '' ham said with a smile , sitting . 
 `` you have to admit , though-it was distinctive . '' 
 breeze raised an eyebrow . 
 `` it was that , i suppose . '' 
 kelsier , the survivor of hathsin , elend thought . 
 even his handwriting is legendary . 
 `` regardless , '' he said , `` i think perhaps we should get to work . 
 we 've still got two armies waiting out there . 
 we 're not leaving tonight until we have a plan to deal with them ! '' 
 the crewmembers shared looks . 
 `` actually , your majesty , '' dockson said , `` we 've already worked on that problem for a bit . '' 
 `` oh ? '' 
 elend asked , surprised . 
 well , i guess i did leave them alone for a couple of hours . 
 `` let me hear it , then . '' 
 dockson stood , pulling his chair a bit closer to join the rest of the group , and ham began to speak . 
 `` here 's the thing , el , '' ham said . 
 `` with two armies here , we do n't have to worry about an immediate attack . 
 but , we 're still in serious danger . 
 this will probably turn into an extended siege as each army tries to outlast the other . '' 
 `` they 'll try to starve us out , '' clubs said . 
 `` weaken us , and their enemies , before attacking . '' 
 `` and , '' ham continued , `` that puts us in a bind-because we ca n't last very long . 
 the city is already on the edge of starvation-and the enemy kings are probably aware of that fact . '' 
 `` what are you saying ? '' 
 elend asked slowly . 
 `` we have to make an alliance with one of those armies , your majesty , '' dockson said . 
 `` they both know it . 
 alone , they ca n't reliably defeat one another . 
 with our help , however , the balance will be tipped . '' 
 `` they 'll hem us in , '' ham said . 
 `` keep us blockaded until we get desperate enough to side with one of them . 
 eventually , we 'll have to do so-either that , or let our people starve . '' 
 `` the decision comes down to this , '' breeze said . 
 `` we ca n't outlast the others , so we have to choose which of those men we want to take over the city . 
 and , i would suggest making our decision quickly as opposed to waiting while our supplies run out . '' 
 elend stood quietly . 
 `` by making a deal with one of those armies , we 'll essentially be giving away our kingdom . '' 
 `` true , '' breeze said , tapping the side of his cup . 
 `` however , what i gained us by bringing a second army is bargaining power . 
 you see , at least we are in a position to demand something in exchange for our kingdom . '' 
 `` what good is that ? '' 
 elend asked . 
 `` we still lose . '' 
 `` it 's better than nothing , '' breeze said . 
 `` i think that we might be able to persuade cett to leave you as a provisional leader in luthadel . 
 he does n't like the central dominance ; he finds it barren and flat . '' 
 `` provisional leader of the city , '' elend said with a frown . 
 `` that is somewhat different from king of the central dominance . '' 
 `` true , '' dockson said . 
 `` but , every emperor needs good men to administrate the cities under their rule . 
 you would n't be king , but you-and our armies-would live through the next few months , and luthadel would n't be pillaged . '' 
 ham , breeze , and dockson all sat resolutely , looking him in the eye . 
 elend glanced down at his pile of books , thinking of his research and study . 
 worthless . 
 how long had the crew known that there was only one course of action ? 
 the crew seemed to take elend 's silence as assent . 
 `` cett really is the best choice , then ? '' 
 dockson asked . 
 `` perhaps straff would be more likely to make an agreement with elend-they are , after all , family . '' 
 oh , he 'd make an agreement , elend thought . 
 and he 'd break it the moment it was convenient . 
 but ... the alternative ? 
 give the city over to this cett ? 
 what would happen to this land , this people , if he were in charge ? 
 `` cett is best , i think , '' breeze said . 
 `` he is very willing to let others rule , as long as he gets his glory and his coins . 
 the problem is going to be that atium . 
 cett thinks it is here , and if he does n't find it ... '' `` we just let him search the city , '' ham said . 
 breeze nodded . 
 `` you 'd have to persuade him that i misled him about the atium-and that should n't be too hard , considering what he thinks of me . 
 which is another small matter-you 'll have to convince him that i 've been dealt with . 
 perhaps he 'd believe that i was executed as soon as elend found out i had raised an army against him . '' 
 the others nodded . 
 `` breeze ? '' 
 elend asked . 
 `` how does lord cett treat the skaa in his lands ? '' 
 breeze paused , then glanced away . 
 `` not well , i 'm afraid . '' 
 `` now , see , '' elend said . 
 `` i think we need to consider how to best protect our people . 
 i mean , if we give everything over to cett , then we 'd save my skin-but at the cost of the entire skaa population of the dominance ! '' 
 dockson shook his head . 
 `` elend , it 's not a betrayal . 
 not if this is the only way . '' 
 `` that 's easy to say , '' elend said . 
 `` but i 'm the one who 'd have to bear the guilty conscience for doing such a thing . 
 i 'm not saying that we should throw out your suggestion , but i do have a few ideas that we might talk about ... '' the others shared looks . 
 as usual , clubs and spook remained quiet during proceedings ; clubs only spoke when he felt it absolutely necessary , and spook tended to stay on the periphery of the conversations . 
 finally , breeze , ham , and dockson looked back at elend . 
 `` this is your country , your majesty , '' dockson said carefully . 
 `` we 're simply here to give advice . '' 
 very good advice , his tone implied . 
 `` yes , well , '' elend said , quickly selecting a book . 
 in his haste , he knocked over one of the stacks , sending a clatter of books across the table and landing a volume in breeze 's lap . 
 `` sorry , '' elend said , as breeze rolled his eyes and sat the book back up on the table . 
 elend pulled open his own book . 
 `` now , this volume had some very interesting things to say about the movement and arrangement of troop bodies - '' `` uh , el ? '' 
 ham asked , frowning . 
 `` that looks like a book on shipping grain . '' 
 `` i know , '' elend said . 
 `` there were n't a lot of books about warfare in the library . 
 i guess that 's what we get for a thousand years without any wars . 
 however , this book does mention how much grain it took to keep the various garrisons in the final empire stocked . 
 do you have any idea how much food an army needs ? '' 
 `` you have a point , '' clubs said , nodding . 
 `` usually , it 's a blasted pain to keep soldiers fed ; we often had supply problems fighting on the frontier , and we were only small bands , sent to quell the occasional rebellion . '' 
 elend nodded . 
 clubs did n't often speak of his past fighting in the lord ruler 's army-and the crew did n't often ask him about it . 
 `` anyway , '' elend said , `` i 'll bet both cett and my father are unaccustomed to moving large bodies of men . 
 there will be supply problems , especially for cett , since he marched so hastily . '' 
 `` maybe not , '' clubs said . 
 `` both armies have secured canal routes into luthadel . 
 that will make it easy for them to send for more supplies . '' 
 `` plus , '' breeze added , `` though much of cett 's land is in revolt right now , he does still hold the city of haverfrex , which held one of the lord ruler 's main canneries . 
 cett has a remarkable amount of food a short canal trip away . '' 
 `` then , we disrupt the canals , '' elend said . 
 `` we find a way to stop those supplies from coming . 
 canals make resupply quick , but also vulnerable , since we know exactly which route it will take . 
 and , if we can take away their food , perhaps they 'll be forced to turn around and march home . '' 
 `` either that , '' breeze said , `` or they 'll just decide to risk attacking luthadel . '' 
 elend paused . 
 `` that 's a possibility , '' he said . 
 `` but , well , i 've been researching how to hold the city as well . '' 
 he reached across the table , picking up a book . 
 `` now , this is jendellah 's city management in the modern era . 
 he mentions how difficult luthadel is to police because of its extreme size and large number of skaa slums . 
 he suggests using roving bands of city watchmen . 
 i think we could adapt his methods to use in a battle-our wall is too long to defend in detail , but if we had mobile bands of troops that could respond to - '' `` your majesty , '' dockson interrupted . 
 `` hum ? 
 yes ? '' 
 `` we 've got a troop of boys and men who have barely a year 's training , and we 're facing not one overwhelming force , but two . 
 we ca n't win this battle by force . '' 
 `` oh , yes , '' elend said . 
 `` of course . 
 i was just saying that if we did have to fight , i have some strategies ... '' `` if we fight , we lose , '' clubs said . 
 `` we 'll probably lose anyway . '' 
 elend paused for a moment . 
 `` yes , well , i just ... '' `` attacking the canal routes is a good idea , though , '' dockson said . 
 `` we can do that covertly , perhaps hire some of the bandits in the area to attack supply barges . 
 it probably wo n't be enough to send cett or straff home , but we could make them more desperate to make alliances with us . '' 
 breeze nodded . 
 `` cett 's already worried about instability back in his home dominance . 
 we should send him a preliminary messenger , let him know we 're interested in an alliance . 
 that way , as soon as his supply problems begin , he 'll think of us . '' 
 `` we could even send him a letter explaining breeze 's execution , '' dockson said , `` as a sign of good faith . 
 that - '' elend cleared his throat . 
 the others paused . 
 `` i , uh , was n't finished yet , '' elend said . 
 `` i apologize , your majesty , '' dockson said . 
 elend took a deep breath . 
 `` you 're right-we ca n't afford to fight those armies . 
 but , i think we need to find a way to get them to fight each other . '' 
 `` a pleasant sentiment , my dear man , '' breeze said . 
 `` but getting those two to attack one another is n't as simple as persuading spook over there to refill my wine . '' 
 he turned , holding out his empty cup . 
 spook paused , then sighed , rising to fetch the wine bottle . 
 `` well , yes , '' elend said . 
 `` but , while there are n't a lot of books on warfare , there are a lot about politics . 
 breeze , you said the other day that being the weakest party in a three-way stalemate gives us power . '' 
 `` exactly , '' breeze said . 
 `` we can tip the battle for either of the two larger sides . '' 
 `` yes , '' elend said , opening a book . 
 `` now that there are three parties involved , it 's not warfare-it 's politics . 
 this is just like a contest between houses . 
 and in house politicking , even the most powerful houses ca n't stand without allies . 
 the small houses are weak individually , but they are strong when considered as a group . 
 `` we 're like one of those small houses . 
 if we want to make any gains , we 're going to have to get our enemies to forget about us-or , at least , make them think us inconsequential . 
 if they both assume that they have the better of us-that they can use us to defeat the other army , then turn on us at their leisure-then they 'll leave us alone and concentrate on each other . '' 
 ham rubbed his chin . 
 `` you 're talking about playing both sides , elend . 
 it 's a dangerous position to put ourselves in . '' 
 breeze nodded . 
 `` we 'd have to switch our allegiance to whichever side seems weaker at the moment , keep them snapping at each other . 
 and there 's no guarantee that the winner between the two would be weakened enough for us to defeat . '' 
 `` not to mention our food problems , '' dockson said . 
 `` what you propose would take time , your majesty . 
 time during which we 'd be under siege , our supplies dwindling . 
 it 's autumn right now . 
 winter will soon be upon us . '' 
 `` it will be tough , '' elend agreed . 
 `` and risky . 
 but , i think we can do it . 
 we make them both think we 're allied with them , but we hold back our support . 
 we encourage them against one another , and we wear away at their supplies and morale , pushing them into a conflict . 
 when the dust settles , the surviving army might just be weak enough for us to beat . '' 
 breeze looked thoughtful . 
 `` it has style , '' he admitted . 
 `` and , it does kind of sound fun . '' 
 dockson smiled . 
 `` you only say that because it involves making someone else do our work for us . '' 
 breeze shrugged . 
 `` manipulation works so well on a personal level , i do n't see why it would n't be an equally viable national policy . '' 
 `` that 's actually how most rulership works , '' ham mused . 
 `` what is a government but an institutionalized method of making sure somebody else does all the work ? '' 
 `` uh , the plan ? '' 
 elend asked . 
 `` i do n't know , el , '' ham said , getting back on topic . 
 `` it sounds like one of kell 's plans-foolhardy , brave , and a little insane . '' 
 he sounded as if he were surprised to hear elend propose such a measure . 
 i can be as foolhardy as any man , elend thought indignantly , then paused . 
 did he really want to follow that line of thought ? 
 `` we could get ourselves into some serious trouble , '' dockson said . 
 `` if either side decides it 's tired of our games ... '' `` they 'll destroy us , '' elend said . 
 `` but ... well , gentlemen , you 're gamblers . 
 you ca n't tell me that this plan does n't appeal to you more than simply bowing before lord cett . '' 
 ham shared a look with breeze , and they seemed to be considering the idea . 
 dockson rolled his eyes , but seemed like he was objecting simply out of habit . 
 no , they did n't want to take the safe way out . 
 these were the men who had challenged the lord ruler , men who had made their livelihood scamming noblemen . 
 in some ways , they were very careful ; they could be precise in their attention to detail , cautious in covering their tracks and protecting their interests . 
 but when it came time to gamble for the big prize , they were often willing . 
 no , not willing . 
 eager . 
 great , elend thought . 
 i 've filled my inner council with a bunch of thrill-seeking masochists . 
 even worse , i 've decided to join them . 
 but , what else could he do ? 
 `` we could at least consider it , '' breeze said . 
 `` it does sound exciting . '' 
 `` now , see , i did n't suggest this because it was exciting , breeze , '' elend said . 
 `` i spent my youth trying to plan how i would make a better city of luthadel once i became leader of my house . 
 i 'm not going to throw away those dreams at the first sign of opposition . '' 
 `` what about the assembly ? '' 
 ham said . 
 `` that 's the best part , '' elend said . 
 `` they voted in my proposal at the meeting two days back . 
 they ca n't open the city gates to any invader until i meet with my father in parlay . '' 
 the crew sat quietly for a few moments . 
 finally , ham turned to elend , shaking his head . 
 `` i really do n't know , el . 
 it sounds appealing . 
 we actually discussed a few more daring plans like this while we were waiting for you . 
 but ... '' `` but what ? '' 
 elend asked . 
 `` a plan like this depends a lot on you , my dear man , '' breeze said , sipping his wine . 
 `` you 'd have to be the one to meet with the kings-the one to persuade them both that we 're on their side . 
 no offense , but you 're new to scamming . 
 it 's difficult to agree to a daring plan that puts a newcomer in as the linchpin member of the team . '' 
 `` i can do this , '' elend said . 
 `` really . '' 
 ham glanced at breeze , then both glanced at clubs . 
 the gnarled general shrugged . 
 `` if the kid wants to try it , then let him . '' 
 ham sighed , then looked back . 
 `` i guess i agree . 
 as long as you 're up to this , el . '' 
 `` i think i am , '' elend said , covering his nervousness . 
 `` i just know we ca n't give up , not easily . 
 maybe this wo n't work-maybe , after a couple months of being besieged , we 'll just end up giving away the city anyway . 
 however , that gives us a couple of months during which something could happen . 
 it 's worth the risk to wait , rather than fold . 
 wait , and plan . '' 
 `` all right , then , '' dockson said . 
 `` give us some time to come up with some ideas and options , your majesty . 
 we 'll meet again in a few days to talk about specifics . '' 
 `` all right , '' elend said . 
 `` sounds good . 
 now , if we can move on to other matters , i 'd like to mention - '' a knock came at the door . 
 at elend 's call , captain demoux pushed open the door , looking a little embarrassed . 
 `` your majesty ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` i apologize , but ... i think we caught someone listening in on your meeting . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 elend said . 
 `` who ? '' 
 demoux turned to the side , waving in a pair of his guards . 
 the woman they led into the room was vaguely familiar to elend . 
 tall , like most terris , she wore a bright-colored , but utilitarian , dress . 
 her ears were stretched downward , the lobes elongated to accommodate numerous earrings . 
 `` i recognize you , '' elend said . 
 `` from the assembly hall a few days ago . 
 you were watching me . '' 
 the woman did n't answer . 
 she looked over the room 's occupants , standing stiffly-even haughtily-despite her bound wrists . 
 elend had never actually met a terriswoman before ; he 'd only met stewards , eunuchs trained from birth to work as manservants . 
 for some reason , elend had expected a terriswoman to seem a bit more servile . 
 `` she was hiding in the next room over , '' demoux said . 
 `` i 'm sorry , your majesty . 
 i do n't know how she got past us . 
 we found her listening against the wall , though i doubt she heard anything . 
 i mean , those walls are made of stone . '' 
 elend met the woman 's eyes . 
 older-perhaps fifty-she was n't beautiful , but neither was she homely . 
 she was sturdy , with a straightforward , rectangular face . 
 her stare was calm and firm , and it made elend uncomfortable to hold it for long . 
 `` so , what did you expect to overhear , woman ? '' 
 elend asked . 
 the terriswoman ignored the comment . 
 she turned to the others , and spoke in a lightly accented voice . 
 `` i would speak with the king alone . 
 the rest of you are excused . '' 
 ham smiled . 
 `` well , at least she 's got nerve . '' 
 dockson addressed the terriswoman . 
 `` what makes you think that we would leave our king alone with you ? '' 
 `` his majesty and i have things to discuss , '' the woman said in a businesslike manner , as if oblivious of-or unconcerned about-her status as a prisoner . 
 `` you need n't be worried about his safety ; i 'm certain that the young mistborn hiding outside the window will be more than enough to deal with me . '' 
 elend glanced to the side , toward the small ventilation window beside the more massive stained-glass one . 
 how would the terriswoman have known that vin was watching ? 
 her ears would have to be extraordinarily keen . 
 keen enough , perhaps , to listen in on the meeting through a stone wall ? 
 elend turned back to the newcomer . 
 `` you 're a keeper . '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` did sazed send you ? '' 
 `` it is because of him that i am here , '' she said . 
 `` but i was not ` sent . ' '' 
 `` ham , it 's all right , '' elend said slowly . 
 `` you can go . '' 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 ham asked , frowning . 
 `` leave me bound , if you wish , '' the woman said . 
 if she really is a feruchemist , that wo n't be much of a hindrance , elend thought . 
 of course , if she really is a feruchemist-a keeper , like sazed-i should n't have anything to fear from her . 
 theoretically . 
 the others shuffled from the room , their postures indicating what they thought of elend 's decision . 
 though they were no longer thieves by profession , elend suspected that they-like vin-would always bear the effects of their upbringing . 
 `` we 'll be just outside , el , '' ham-the last one out-said , then pulled the door shut . 
 and yet , any who know me will realize that there was no chance i would give up so easily . 
 once i find something to investigate , i become dogged in my pursuit . 
 14 the terriswoman snapped her bonds , and the ropes dropped to the floor . 
 `` uh , vin ? '' 
 elend said , beginning to wonder about the logic of meeting with this woman . 
 `` perhaps it 's time you came in . '' 
 `` she 's not actually there , '' the terriswoman said offhandedly , walking forward . 
 `` she left a few minutes ago to do her rounds . 
 that is why i let myself be caught . '' 
 `` um , i see , '' elend said . 
 `` i 'll be calling for the guards now . '' 
 `` do n't be a fool , '' the terriswoman said . 
 `` if i wanted to kill you , i could do it before the others got back in . 
 now be quiet for a moment . '' 
 elend stood uncomfortably as the tall woman walked around the table in a slow circle , studying him as a merchant might inspect a piece of furniture up for auction . 
 finally she stopped , placing her hands on her hips . 
 `` stand up straight , '' she commanded . 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 `` you 're slouching , '' the woman said . 
 `` a king must maintain an air of dignity at all times , even when with his friends . '' 
 elend frowned . 
 `` now , while i appreciate advice , i do n't - '' `` no , '' the woman said . 
 `` do n't hedge . 
 command . '' 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 elend said again . 
 the woman stepped forward , placing a hand on his shoulder and pressing his back firmly to improve his posture . 
 she stepped back , then nodded slightly to herself . 
 `` now , see , '' elend said . 
 `` i do n't - '' `` no , '' the woman interrupted . 
 `` you must be stronger in the way that you speak . 
 presentation-words , actions , postures-will determine how people judge you and react to you . 
 if you start every sentence with softness and uncertainty , you will seem soft and uncertain . 
 be forceful ! '' 
 `` what is going on here ? '' 
 elend demanded , exasperated . 
 `` there , '' the woman said . 
 `` finally . '' 
 `` you said that you know sazed ? '' 
 elend asked , resisting the urge to slouch back into his earlier posture . 
 `` he is an acquaintance , '' the woman said . 
 `` my name is tindwyl ; i am , as you have guessed , a keeper of terris . '' 
 she tapped her foot for a moment , then shook her head . 
 `` sazed warned me about your slovenly appearance , but i honestly assumed that no king could have such a poor sense of self-presentation . '' 
 `` slovenly ? '' 
 elend asked . 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 `` stop saying that , '' tindwyl snapped . 
 `` do n't ask questions ; say what you mean . 
 if you object , object-don ' t leave your words up to my interpretation . '' 
 `` yes , well , while this is fascinating , '' elend said , walking toward the door , `` i 'd rather avoid further insults this evening . 
 if you 'll excuse me ... '' `` your people think you are a fool , elend venture , '' tindwyl said quietly . 
 elend paused . 
 `` the assembly-a body you yourself organized-ignores your authority . 
 the skaa are convinced that you wo n't be able to protect them . 
 even your own council of friends makes their plans in your absence , assuming your input to be no great loss . '' 
 elend closed his eyes , taking a slow , deep breath . 
 `` you have good ideas , elend venture , '' tindwyl said . 
 `` regal ideas . 
 however , you are not a king . 
 a man can only lead when others accept him as their leader , and he has only as much authority as his subjects give to him . 
 all of the brilliant ideas in the world can not save your kingdom if no one will listen to them . '' 
 elend turned . 
 `` this last year i 've read every pertinent book on leadership and governance in the four libraries . '' 
 tindwyl raised an eyebrow . 
 `` then , i suspect that you spent a great deal of time in your room that you should have been out , being seen by your people and learning to be a ruler . '' 
 `` books have great value , '' elend said . 
 `` actions have greater value . '' 
 `` and where am i to learn the proper actions ? '' 
 `` from me . '' 
 elend paused . 
 `` you may know that every keeper has an area of special interest , '' tindwyl said . 
 `` while we all memorize the same store of information , one person can only study and understand a limited amount of that store . 
 our mutual friend sazed spends his time on religions . '' 
 `` and your specialty ? '' 
 `` biographies , '' she said . 
 `` i have studied the lives of generals , kings , and emperors whose names you have never heard . 
 understanding theories of politics and leadership , elend venture , is not the same as understanding the lives of men who lived such principles . '' 
 `` and ... you can teach me to emulate those men ? '' 
 `` perhaps , '' tindwyl said . 
 `` i have n't yet decided whether or not you 're a hopeless case . 
 but , i am here , so i will do what i can . 
 a few months ago , i received a letter from sazed , explaining your predicament . 
 he did not ask me to come to train you-but , then , sazed is perhaps another man who could learn to be more forceful . '' 
 elend nodded slowly , meeting the terriswoman 's eyes . 
 `` will you accept my instruction , then ? '' 
 she asked . 
 elend thought for a moment . 
 if she 's anywhere near as useful as sazed , then ... well , i could certainly use some help at this . 
 `` i will , '' he said . 
 tindwyl nodded . 
 `` sazed also mentioned your humility . 
 it could be an asset-assuming you do n't let it get in the way . 
 now , i believe that your mistborn has returned . '' 
 elend turned toward the side window . 
 the shutter swung open , allowing mist to begin streaming into the room and revealing a crouching , cloaked form . 
 `` how did you know i was here ? '' 
 vin asked quietly . 
 tindwyl smiled-the first such expression elend had seen on her face . 
 `` sazed mentioned you as well , child . 
 you and i should speak soon in private , i think . '' 
 vin slipped into the room , drawing mist in behind her , then closed the shutter . 
 she did n't bother to hide her hostility or mistrust as she put herself between elend and tindwyl . 
 `` why are you here ? '' 
 vin demanded . 
 tindwyl smiled again . 
 `` it took your king there several minutes to get to that question , and here you ask it after a few bare moments . 
 you are an interesting couple , i think . '' 
 vin 's eyes narrowed . 
 `` regardless , i should withdraw , '' tindwyl said . 
 `` we shall speak again , i assume , your majesty ? '' 
 `` yes , of course , '' elend said . 
 `` um ... is there anything i should begin practicing ? '' 
 `` yes , '' tindwyl said , walking to the door . 
 `` stop saying ` um . ' '' 
 `` right . '' 
 ham poked his head in the door as soon as tindwyl opened it . 
 he immediately noticed her discarded bonds . 
 he did n't say anything , however ; he likely assumed that elend had freed her . 
 `` i think we 're done for the night , everyone , '' elend said . 
 `` ham , would you see that mistress tindwyl is given quarters in the palace ? 
 she 's a friend of sazed 's . '' 
 ham shrugged . 
 `` all right , then . '' 
 he nodded to vin , then withdrew . 
 tindwyl did not bid them good night as she left . 
 vin frowned , then glanced at elend . 
 he seemed ... distracted . 
 `` i do n't like her , '' she said . 
 elend smiled , stacking up the books on his table . 
 `` you do n't like anyone when you first meet them , vin . '' 
 `` i liked you . '' 
 `` thereby demonstrating that you are a terrible judge of character . '' 
 vin paused , then smiled . 
 she walked over and began picking through the books . 
 they were n't typical elend fare-far more practical than the kinds of things he usually read . 
 `` how did it go tonight ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` i did n't have much time to listen . '' 
 elend sighed . 
 he turned , sitting down on the table , looking up at the massive rose window at the back of the room . 
 it was dark , its colors only hinted as reflections in the black glass . 
 `` it went well , i suppose . '' 
 `` i told you they 'd like your plan . 
 it 's the sort of thing they 'll find challenging . '' 
 `` i suppose , '' elend said . 
 vin frowned . 
 `` all right , '' she said , hopping up to stand on the table . 
 she sat down beside him . 
 `` what is it ? 
 is it something that woman said ? 
 what did she want , anyway ? '' 
 `` just to pass on some knowledge , '' he said . 
 `` you know how keepers are , always wanting an ear to listen to their lessons . '' 
 `` i suppose , '' vin said slowly . 
 she had n't ever seen elend depressed , but he did get discouraged . 
 he had so many ideas , so many plans and hopes , that she sometimes wondered how he kept them all straight . 
 she would have said that he lacked focus ; reen had always said that focus kept a thief alive . 
 elend 's dreams , however , were so much a part of who he was . 
 she doubted he could discard them . 
 she did n't think she would want him to , for they were part of what she loved about him . 
 `` they agreed to the plan , vin , '' elend said , still looking up at the window . 
 `` they even seemed excited , like you said they 'd be . 
 it 's just ... i ca n't help thinking that their suggestion was far more rational than mine . 
 they wanted to side with one of the armies , giving it our support in exchange for leaving me as a subjugated ruler in luthadel . '' 
 `` that would be giving up , '' vin said . 
 `` sometimes , giving up is better than failing . 
 i just committed my city to an extended siege . 
 that will mean hunger , perhaps starvation , before this is over with . '' 
 vin put a hand on his shoulder , watching him uncertainly . 
 usually , he was the one who reassured her . 
 `` it 's still a better way , '' she said . 
 `` the others probably just suggested a weaker plan because they thought you would n't go along with something more daring . '' 
 `` no , '' elend said . 
 `` they were n't pandering to me , vin . 
 they really thought that making a strategic alliance was a good , safe plan . '' 
 he paused , then looked at her . 
 `` since when did that group represent the reasonable side of my government ? '' 
 `` they 've had to grow , '' vin said . 
 `` they ca n't be the men they once were , not with this much responsibility . '' 
 elend turned back toward the window . 
 `` i 'll tell you what worries me , vin . 
 i 'm worried that their plan was n't reasonable-perhaps it itself was a bit foolhardy . 
 perhaps making an alliance would have been a difficult enough task . 
 if that 's the case , then what i 'm proposing is just downright ludicrous . '' 
 vin squeezed his shoulder . 
 `` we fought the lord ruler . '' 
 `` you had kelsier then . '' 
 `` not that again . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' elend said . 
 `` but , really , vin . 
 maybe my plan to try and hold on to the government is just arrogance . 
 what was it you told me about your childhood ? 
 when you were in the thieving crews , and everyone was bigger , stronger , and meaner than you , what did you do ? 
 did you stand up to the leaders ? '' 
 memories flashed in her mind . 
 memories of hiding , of keeping her eyes down , of weakness . 
 `` that was then , '' she said . 
 `` you ca n't let others beat on you forever . 
 that 's what kelsier taught me-that 's why we fought the lord ruler . 
 that 's why the skaa rebellion fought the final empire all those years , even when there was no chance of winning . 
 reen taught me that the rebels were fools . 
 but reen is dead now-and so is the final empire . 
 and ... '' she leaned down , catching elend 's eyes . 
 `` you ca n't give up the city , elend , '' she said quietly . 
 `` i do n't think i 'd like what that would do to you . '' 
 elend paused , then smiled slowly . 
 `` you can be very wise sometimes , vin . '' 
 `` you think that ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` well , '' she said , `` then obviously you 're as poor a judge of character as i am . '' 
 elend laughed , putting his arm around her , hugging her against his side . 
 `` so , i assume the patrol tonight was uneventful ? '' 
 the mist spirit . 
 her fall . 
 the chill she could still feel-if only faintly remembered-in her forearm . 
 `` it was , '' she said . 
 the last time she 'd told him of the mist spirit , he 'd immediately thought she 'd been seeing things . 
 `` see , '' elend said , `` you should have come to the meeting ; i would have liked to have had you here . '' 
 she said nothing . 
 they sat for a few minutes , looking up at the dark window . 
 there was an odd beauty to it ; the colors were n't visible because of the lack of back light , and she could instead focus on the patterns of glass . 
 chips , slivers , slices , and plates woven together within a framework of metal . 
 `` elend ? '' 
 she finally said . 
 `` i 'm worried . '' 
 `` i 'd be concerned if you were n't , '' he said . 
 `` those armies have me so worried that i can barely think straight . '' 
 `` no , '' vin said . 
 `` not about that . 
 i 'm worried about other things . '' 
 `` like what ? '' 
 `` well ... i 've been thinking about what the lord ruler said , right before i killed him . 
 do you remember ? '' 
 elend nodded . 
 he had n't been there , but she 'd told him . 
 `` he talked about what he 'd done for mankind , '' vin said . 
 `` he saved us , the stories say . 
 from the deepness . '' 
 elend nodded . 
 `` but , '' vin said , `` what was the deepness ? 
 you were a nobleman-religion was n't forbidden to you . 
 what did the ministry teach about the deepness and the lord ruler ? '' 
 elend shrugged . 
 `` not much , really . 
 religion was n't forbidden , but it was n't encouraged either . 
 there was something proprietary about the ministry , an air that implied they would take care of religious things-that we did n't need to worry ourselves . '' 
 `` but they did teach you about some things , right ? '' 
 elend nodded . 
 `` mostly , they talked about why the nobility were privileged and the skaa cursed . 
 i guess they wanted us to understand how fortunate we were-though honestly , i always found the teachings a little disturbing . 
 see , they claimed that we were noble because our ancestors supported the lord ruler before the ascension . 
 but , that means that we were privileged because of what other people had done . 
 not really fair , eh ? '' 
 vin shrugged . 
 `` fair as anything else , i guess . '' 
 `` but , did n't you get angry ? '' 
 elend said . 
 `` did n't it frustrate you that the nobility had so much while you had so little ? '' 
 `` i did n't think about it , '' vin said . 
 `` the nobility had a lot , so we could take it from them . 
 why should i care how they got it ? 
 sometimes , when i had food , other thieves beat me and took it . 
 what did it matter how i got my food ? 
 it was still taken from me . '' 
 elend paused . 
 `` you know , sometimes i wonder what the political theorists i 've read would say if they met you . 
 i have a feeling they 'd throw up their hands in frustration . '' 
 she poked him in the side . 
 `` enough politics . 
 tell me about the deepness . '' 
 `` well , i think it was a creature of some sort-a dark and evil thing that nearly destroyed the world . 
 the lord ruler traveled to the well of ascension , where he was given the power to defeat the deepness and unite mankind . 
 there are several statues in the city depicting the event . '' 
 vin frowned . 
 `` yes , but they never really show what the deepness looked like . 
 it 's depicted as a twisted lump at the lord ruler 's feet . '' 
 `` well , the last person who actually saw the deepness died a year ago , so i guess we 'll have to make do with the statues . '' 
 `` unless it comes back , '' vin said quietly . 
 elend frowned , looking at her again . 
 `` is that what this is about , vin ? '' 
 his face softened slightly . 
 `` two armies are n't enough ? 
 you have to worry about the fate of the world as well ? '' 
 vin glanced down sheepishly , and elend laughed , pulling her close . 
 `` ah , vin . 
 i know you 're a bit paranoid-honestly , considering our situation , i 'm starting to feel the same-but i think this is one problem you do n't have to worry about . 
 i have n't heard any reports of monstrous incarnations of evil rampaging across the land . '' 
 vin nodded , and elend leaned back a bit , obviously assuming that he 'd answered her question . 
 the hero of ages traveled to the well of ascension to defeat the deepness , she thought . 
 but the prophecies all said that the hero should n't take the well 's power for himself . 
 he was supposed to give it , trust in the power itself to destroy the deepness . 
 rashek did n't do that-he took the power for himself . 
 would n't that mean that the deepness was never defeated ? 
 why , then , was n't the world destroyed ? 
 `` the red sun and brown plants , '' vin said . 
 `` did the deepness do that ? '' 
 `` still thinking about that ? '' 
 elend frowned . 
 `` red sun and brown plants ? 
 what other colors would they be ? '' 
 `` kelsier said that the sun was once yellow , and plants were green . '' 
 `` that 's an odd image . '' 
 `` sazed agrees with kelsier , '' vin said . 
 `` the legends all say that during the early days of the lord ruler , the sun changed colors , and ash began to fall from the skies . '' 
 `` well , '' elend said , `` i guess the deepness could have had something to do with it . 
 i do n't know , honestly . '' 
 he sat musingly for a few moments . 
 `` green plants ? 
 why not purple or blue ? 
 so odd ... '' the hero of ages traveled north , to the well of ascension , vin thought again . 
 she turned slightly , her eyes drawn toward the terris mountains so far away . 
 was it still up there ? 
 the well of ascension ? 
 `` did you have any luck getting information out of oreseur ? '' 
 elend asked . 
 `` anything to help us find the spy ? '' 
 vin shrugged . 
 `` he told me that kandra ca n't use allomancy . '' 
 `` so , you can find our impostor that way ? '' 
 elend said , perking up . 
 `` maybe , '' vin said . 
 `` i can test spook and ham , at least . 
 regular people will be more difficult-though kandra ca n't be soothed , so maybe that will let me find the spy . '' 
 `` that sounds promising , '' elend said . 
 vin nodded . 
 the thief in her , the paranoid girl that elend always teased , itched to use allomancy on him-to test him , to see if he reacted to her pushes and pulls . 
 she stopped herself . 
 this one man she would trust . 
 the others she would test , but she would not question elend . 
 in a way , she 'd rather trust him and be wrong than deal with the worry of mistrust . 
 i finally understand , she thought with a start . 
 kelsier . 
 i understand what it was like for you with mare . 
 i wo n't make your same mistake . 
 elend was looking at her . 
 `` what ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` you 're smiling , '' he said . 
 `` do i get to hear the joke ? '' 
 she hugged him . 
 `` no , '' she said simply . 
 elend smiled . 
 `` all right then . 
 you can test spook and ham , but i 'm pretty sure the impostor is n't one of the crew-i talked to them all today , and they were all themselves . 
 we need to search the palace staff . '' 
 he does n't know how good kandra can be . 
 the enemy kandra had probably studied his victim for months and months , learning and memorizing their every mannerism . 
 `` i 've spoken to ham and demoux , '' elend said . 
 `` as members of the palace guard , they know about the bones-and ham was able to guess what they were . 
 hopefully , they can sort through the staff with minimal disturbance and locate the impostor . '' 
 vin 's senses itched at how trusting elend was . 
 no , she thought . 
 let him assume the best . 
 he has enough to worry about . 
 besides , perhaps the kandra is imitating someone outside our core team . 
 elend can search that avenue . 
 and , if the impostor is a member of the crew ... well , that 's the sort of situation where my paranoia comes in handy . 
 `` anyway , '' elend said , standing . 
 `` i have a few things to check on before it gets too late . '' 
 vin nodded . 
 he gave her a long kiss , then left . 
 she sat on the table for a few moments longer , not looking at the massive rose window , but at the smaller window to the side , which she 'd left slightly open . 
 it stood , a doorway into the night . 
 mist churned in the blackness , tentatively sending tendrils into the room , evaporating quietly in the warmth . 
 `` i will not fear you , '' vin whispered . 
 `` and i will find your secret . '' 
 she climbed off the table and slipped out the window , back out to meet with oreseur and do another check of the palace grounds . 
 i had determined that alendi was the hero of ages , and i intended to prove it . 
 i should have bowed before the will of the others ; i should n't have insisted on traveling with alendi to witness his journeys . 
 it was inevitable that alendi himself would find out what i believed him to be . 
 15 on the eighth day out of the conventical , sazed awoke to find himself alone . 
 he stood , pushing off his blanket and the light film of ash that had fallen during the night . 
 marsh 's place beneath the tree 's canopy was empty , though a patch of bare earth indicated where the inquisitor had slept . 
 sazed stood , following marsh 's footsteps out into the harsh red sunlight . 
 the ash was deeper here , without the cover of trees , and there was also more wind blowing it into drifts . 
 sazed regarded the windswept landscape . 
 there was no further sign of marsh . 
 sazed returned to camp . 
 the trees here-in the middle of the eastern dominance-rose twisted and knotted , but they had shelflike , overlapping branches , thick with brown needles . 
 these provided decent shelter , though the ash seemed capable of infiltrating any sanctuary . 
 sazed made a simple soup for breakfast . 
 marsh did not return . 
 sazed washed his brown travel robes in a nearby stream . 
 marsh did not return . 
 sazed sewed a rent in his sleeve , oiled his walking boots , and shaved his head . 
 marsh did not return . 
 sazed got out the rubbing he 'd made in the conventical , transcribed a few words , then forced himself to put the sheet away-he worried about blurring the words by opening it too often or by getting ash on it . 
 better to wait until he could have a proper desk and clean room . 
 marsh did not return . 
 finally , sazed left . 
 he could n't define the sense of urgency that he felt-part excitement to share what he had learned , part desire to see how vin and the young king elend venture were handling events in luthadel . 
 marsh knew the way . 
 he would catch up . 
 sazed raised his hand , shading his eyes against the red sunlight , looking down from his hilltop vantage . 
 there was a slight darkness on the horizon , to the east of the main road . 
 he tapped his geography coppermind , seeking out descriptions of the eastern dominance . 
 the knowledge swelled his mind , blessing him with recollection . 
 the darkness was a village named urbene . 
 he searched through one of his indexes , looking for the right gazetteer . 
 the index was growing fuzzy , its information difficult to remember-which meant that he 'd switched it from coppermind to memory and back too many times . 
 knowledge inside a coppermind would remain pristine , but anything inside his head-even for only a few moments-would decay . 
 he 'd have to re-memorize the index later . 
 he found what he was looking for , and dumped the right memories into his head . 
 the gazetteer listed urbene as `` picturesque , '' which probably meant that some important nobleman had decided to make his manor there . 
 the listing said that the skaa of urbene were herdsmen . 
 sazed scribbled a note to himself , then redeposited the gazetteer 's memories . 
 reading the note told him what he had just forgotten . 
 like the index , the gazetteer memories had inevitably decayed slightly during their stay in his head . 
 fortunately , he had a second set of copperminds hidden back up in terris , and would use those to pass his knowledge on to another keeper . 
 his current copperminds were for everyday use . 
 unapplied knowledge benefited no one . 
 he shouldered his pack . 
 a visit to the village would do him some good , even if it slowed him down . 
 his stomach agreed with the decision . 
 it was unlikely the peasants would have much in the way of food , but perhaps they would be able to provide something other than broth . 
 besides , they might have news of events at luthadel . 
 he hiked down the short hill , taking the smaller , eastern fork in the road . 
 once , there had been little travel in the final empire . 
 the lord ruler had forbidden skaa to leave their indentured lands , and only thieves and rebels had dared disobey . 
 still , most of the nobility had made their livings by trading , so a village such as this one might be accustomed to visitors . 
 sazed began to notice the oddities immediately . 
 goats roamed the countryside along the road , unwatched . 
 sazed paused , then dug a coppermind from his pack . 
 he searched through it as he walked . 
 one book on husbandry claimed that herdsmen sometimes left their flocks alone to graze . 
 yet , the unwatched animals made him nervous . 
 he quickened his pace . 
 just to the south , the skaa starve , he thought . 
 yet here , livestock is so plentiful that nobody can be spared to keep it safe from bandits or predators ? 
 the small village appeared in the distance . 
 sazed could almost convince himself that the lack of activity-the lack of movement in the streets , the derelict doors and shutters swinging in the breeze-was due to his approach . 
 perhaps the people were so scared that they were hiding . 
 or , perhaps they simply were all out . 
 tending flocks ... sazed stopped . 
 a shift in the wind brought a telltale scent from the village . 
 the skaa were n't hiding , and they had n't fled . 
 it was the scent of rotting bodies . 
 suddenly urgent , sazed pulled out a small ring-a scent tinmind-and slipped it on his thumb . 
 the smell on the wind , it did n't seem like that of a slaughter . 
 it was a mustier , dirtier smell . 
 a smell not only of death , but of corruption , unwashed bodies , and waste . 
 he reversed the use of the tinmind , filling it instead of tapping it , and his ability to smell grew very weak-keeping him from gagging . 
 he continued on , carefully entering the village proper . 
 like most skaa villages , urbene was organized simply . 
 it had a group of ten large hovels built in a loose circle with a well at the center . 
 the buildings were wood , and for thatching they used the same needle-bearing branches from the trees he 'd seen . 
 overseers ' huts , along with a fine nobleman 's manor , stood a little farther up the valley . 
 if it had n't been for the smell-and the sense of haunted emptiness-sazed might have agreed with his gazetteer 's description of urbene . 
 for skaa residences , the hovels looked well maintained , and the village lay in a quiet hollow amid the rising landscape . 
 it was n't until he got a little closer that he found the first bodies . 
 they lay scattered around the doorway to the nearest hovel , about a half-dozen of them . 
 sazed approached carefully , but could quickly see that the corpses were at least several days old . 
 he knelt beside the first one , that of a woman , and could see no visible cause of death . 
 the others were the same . 
 nervous , sazed forced himself to reach up and pull open the door to the hovel . 
 the stench from inside was so strong that he could smell it through his tinmind . 
 the hovel , like most , was only a single chamber . 
 it was filled with bodies . 
 most lay wrapped in thin blankets ; some sat with backs pressed up against the walls , rotting heads hanging limply from their necks . 
 they had gaunt , nearly fleshless bodies with withered limbs and protruding ribs . 
 haunted , unseeing eyes sat in desiccated faces . 
 these people had died of starvation and dehydration . 
 sazed stumbled from the hovel , head bowed . 
 he did n't expect to find anything different in the other buildings , but he checked anyway . 
 he saw the same scene repeated again and again . 
 woundless corpses on the ground outside ; many more bodies huddled inside . 
 flies buzzing about in swarms , covering faces . 
 in several of the buildings he found gnawed human bones at the center of the room . 
 he stumbled out of the final hovel , breathing deeply through his mouth . 
 dozens of people , over a hundred total , dead for no obvious reason . 
 what possibly could have caused so many of them to simply sit , hidden in their houses , while they ran out of food and water ? 
 how could they have starved when there were beasts running free ? 
 and what had killed those that he 'd found outside , lying in the ash ? 
 they did n't seem as emaciated as the ones inside , though from the level of decomposition , it was difficult to tell . 
 i must be mistaken about the starvation , sazed told himself . 
 it must have been a plague of some sort , a disease . 
 that is a much more logical explanation . 
 he searched through his medical coppermind . 
 surely there were diseases that could strike quickly , leaving their victims weakened . 
 and the survivors must have fled . 
 leaving behind their loved ones . 
 not taking any of the animals from their pastures ... sazed frowned . 
 at that moment , he thought he heard something . 
 he spun , drawing auditory power from his hearing tinmind . 
 the sounds were there-the sound of breathing , the sound of movement , coming from one of the hovels he 'd visited . 
 he dashed forward , throwing open the door , looking again on the sorry dead . 
 the corpses lay where they had been before . 
 sazed studied them very carefully , this time watching until he found the one whose chest was moving . 
 by the forgotten gods ... sazed thought . 
 the man did n't need to work hard to feign death . 
 his hair had fallen out , and his eyes were sunken into his face . 
 though he did n't look particularly starved , sazed must have missed seeing him because of his dirty , almost corpselike body . 
 sazed stepped toward the man . 
 `` i am a friend , '' he said quietly . 
 the man remained motionless . 
 sazed frowned as he walked forward and laid a hand on the man 's shoulder . 
 the man 's eyes snapped open , and he cried out , jumping to his feet . 
 dazed and frenzied , he scrambled over corpses , moving to the back of the room . 
 he huddled down , staring at sazed . 
 `` please , '' sazed said , setting down his pack . 
 `` you must n't be afraid . '' 
 the only food he had besides broth spices was a few handfuls of meal , but he pulled some out . 
 `` i have food . '' 
 the man shook his head . 
 `` there is no food , '' he whispered . 
 `` we ate it all . 
 except ... the food . '' 
 his eyes darted toward the center of the room . 
 toward the bones sazed had noticed earlier . 
 uncooked , gnawed on , placed in a pile beneath a ragged cloth , as if to hide them . 
 `` i did n't eat the food , '' the man whispered . 
 `` i know , '' sazed said , taking a step forward . 
 `` but , there is other food . 
 outside . '' 
 `` ca n't go outside . '' 
 `` why not ? '' 
 the man paused , then looked down . 
 `` mist . '' 
 sazed glanced toward the doorway . 
 the sun was nearing the horizon , but would n't set for another hour or so . 
 there was no mist . 
 not now , anyway . 
 sazed felt a chill . 
 he slowly turned back toward the man . 
 `` mist ... during the day ? '' 
 the man nodded . 
 `` and it stayed ? '' 
 sazed asked . 
 `` it did n't go away after a few hours ? '' 
 the man shook his head . 
 `` days . 
 weeks . 
 all mist . '' 
 lord ruler ! 
 sazed thought , then caught himself . 
 it had been a long time since he 'd sworn by that creature 's name , even in his thoughts . 
 but for the mist to come during the day , then to stay-if this man were to be believed-for weeks ... sazed could imagine the skaa , frightened in their hovels , a thousand years of terror , tradition , and superstition keeping them from venturing outside . 
 but to remain inside until they starved ? 
 even their fear of the mist , deep-seated though it was , would n't have been enough to make them starve themselves to death , would it ? 
 `` why did n't you leave ? '' 
 sazed asked quietly . 
 `` some did , '' the man said , nodding as if to himself . 
 `` jell . 
 you know what happened to him . '' 
 sazed frowned . 
 `` dead ? '' 
 `` taken by the mist . 
 oh , how he shook . 
 was a bull-headed one , you know . 
 old jell . 
 oh , how he shook . 
 how he writhed when it took him . '' 
 sazed closed his eyes . 
 the corpses i found outside the doors . 
 `` some got away , '' the man said . 
 sazed snapped his eyes open . 
 `` what ? '' 
 the crazed villager nodded again . 
 `` some got away , you know . 
 they called to us , after leaving the village . 
 said it was all right . 
 it did n't take them . 
 do n't know why . 
 it killed others , though . 
 some , it shook to the ground , but they got up later . 
 some it killed . '' 
 `` the mist let some survive , but it killed others ? '' 
 the man did n't answer . 
 he 'd sat down , and now he lay back , staring unfocused at the ceiling . 
 `` please , '' sazed said . 
 `` you must answer me . 
 who did it kill and who did it let pass ? 
 what is the connection ? '' 
 the man turned toward him . 
 `` time for food , '' he said , then rose . 
 he wandered over to a corpse , then pulled on an arm , ripping the rotted meat free . 
 it was easy to see why he had n't starved to death like the others . 
 sazed pushed aside nausea , striding across the room and grabbing the man 's arm as he raised the near fleshless bone to his lips . 
 the man froze , then looked up at sazed . 
 `` it 's not mine ! '' 
 he yelped , dropping the bone and running to the back of the room . 
 sazed stood for a moment . 
 i must hurry . 
 i must get to luthadel . 
 there is more wrong with this world than bandits and armies . 
 the wild man watched with a feral sort of terror as sazed picked up his pack , then paused and set it down again . 
 he pulled out his largest pewtermind . 
 he fastened the wide metal bracer to his forearm , then turned and walked toward the villager . 
 `` no ! '' 
 the man screamed , trying to dash to the side . 
 sazed tapped the pewtermind , pulling out a burst of strength . 
 he felt his muscles enlarge , his robes growing tight . 
 he snatched the villager as the man ran passed , then held him out , far enough away that the man could n't do either of them much harm . 
 then he carried the man outside of the building . 
 the man stopped struggling as soon as they emerged into the sunlight . 
 he looked up , as if seeing the sun for the first time . 
 sazed set him down , then released his pewtermind . 
 the man knelt , looking up at the sun , then turned to sazed . 
 `` the lord ruler ... why did he abandon us ? 
 why did he go ? '' 
 `` the lord ruler was a tyrant . '' 
 the man shook his head . 
 `` he loved us . 
 he ruled us . 
 now that he 's gone , the mists can kill us . 
 they hate us . '' 
 then , surprisingly adroit , the man leaped to his feet and scrambled down the pathway out of the village . 
 sazed took a step forward , but paused . 
 what would he do ? 
 pull the man all the way to luthadel ? 
 there was water in the well and there were animals to eat . 
 sazed could only hope that the poor wretch would be able to manage . 
 sighing , sazed returned to the hovel and retrieved his pack . 
 on his way out , he paused , then pulled out one of his steelminds . 
 steel held one of the very most difficult attributes to store up : physical speed . 
 he had spent months filling this particular steelmind in preparation for the possibility that someday he might need to run somewhere very , very quickly . 
 he put it on now . 
 yes , he was the one who fueled the rumors after that . 
 i could never have done what he himself did , convincing and persuading the world that he was indeed the hero . 
 i do n't know if he himself believed it , but he made others think that he must be the one . 
 16 vin rarely used her quarters . 
 elend had assigned her spacious rooms-which was , perhaps , part of the problem . 
 she 'd spent her childhood sleeping in nooks , lairs , or alleys . 
 having three separate chambers was a bit daunting . 
 it did n't really matter , however . 
 during her time awake she was with either elend or the mists . 
 her rooms existed for her to sleep in . 
 or , in this case , for her to make a mess in . 
 she sat on the floor in the center of her main chamber . 
 elend 's steward , concerned that vin did n't have any furniture , had insisted on decorating her rooms . 
 this morning , vin had pushed some of this aside , bunching up rugs and chairs on one side so that she could sit on the cool stones with her book . 
 it was the first real book she had ever owned , though it was just a collection of pages bound loosely at one side . 
 that suited her just fine ; the simple binding had made the book that much easier to pull apart . 
 she sat amid stacks of paper . 
 it was amazing how many pages there were in the book , once she had separated them . 
 vin sat next to one pile , looking over its contents . 
 she shook her head , then crawled over to another pile . 
 she leafed through the pages , eventually selecting one . 
 sometimes i wonder if i 'm going mad , the words read . 
 perhaps it is due to the pressure of knowing that i must somehow bear the burden of an entire world . 
 perhaps it is caused by the death i have seen , the friends i have lost . 
 the friends i have been forced to kill . 
 either way , i sometimes see shadows following me . 
 dark creatures that i do n't understand , nor do i wish to understand . 
 they are , perhaps , some figment of my overtaxed mind ? 
 vin sat for a moment , rereading the paragraphs . 
 then she moved the sheet over to another pile . 
 oreseur lay on the side of the room , head on paws , eyeing her . 
 `` mistress , '' he said as she set down the page , `` i have been watching you work for the last two hours , and will admit that i am thoroughly confused . 
 what is the point of all this ? '' 
 vin crawled over to another stack of pages . 
 `` i thought you did n't care how i spent my time . '' 
 `` i do n't , '' oreseur said . 
 `` but i do get bored . '' 
 `` and annoyed , apparently . '' 
 `` i like to understand what is going on around me . '' 
 vin shrugged , gesturing toward the stacks of paper . 
 `` this is the lord ruler 's logbook . 
 well , actually , it 's not the logbook of the lord ruler we knew , but the logbook of the man who should have been the lord ruler . '' 
 `` should have been ? '' 
 oreseur asked . 
 `` you mean he should have conquered the world , but did n't ? '' 
 `` no , '' vin said . 
 `` i mean he should have been the one who took the power at the well of ascension . 
 this man , the man who wrote this book-we do n't actually know his name-was some kind of prophesied hero . 
 or ... everyone thought he was . 
 anyway , the man who became the lord ruler-rashek-was this hero 's packman . 
 do n't you remember us talking about this , back when you were imitating renoux ? '' 
 oreseur nodded . 
 `` i recall you briefly mentioning it . '' 
 `` well , this is the book kelsier and i found when we infiltrated the lord ruler 's palace . 
 we thought it was written by the lord ruler , but it turns out it was written by the man the lord ruler killed , the man whose place he took . '' 
 `` yes , mistress , '' oreseur said . 
 `` now , why exactly are you tearing it to pieces ? '' 
 `` i 'm not , '' vin said . 
 `` i just took off the binding so i could move the pages around . 
 it helps me think . '' 
 `` i. . . 
 see , '' oreseur said . 
 `` and , what exactly are you looking for ? 
 the lord ruler is dead , mistress . 
 last i checked , you killed him . '' 
 what am i looking for ? 
 vin thought , picking up another page . 
 ghosts in the mist . 
 she read the words on this page slowly . 
 it is n't a shadow . 
 this dark thing that follows me , the thing that only i can see-it is n't really a shadow . 
 it is blackish and translucent , but it does n't have a shadowlike solid outline . 
 it 's insubstantial-wispy and formless . 
 like it 's made out of black fog . 
 or mist , perhaps . 
 vin lowered the page . 
 it watched him , too , she thought . 
 she remembered reading the words over a year before , thinking that the hero must have started to go mad . 
 with all the pressures on him , who would have been surprised ? 
 now , however , she thought she understood the nameless logbook author better . 
 she knew he was not the lord ruler , and could see him for what he might have been . 
 uncertain of his place in the world , but forced into important events . 
 determined to do the best he could . 
 idealistic , in a way . 
 and the mist spirit had chased him . 
 what did it mean ? 
 what did seeing it imply for her ? 
 she crawled over to another pile of pages . 
 she 'd spent the morning scanning through the logbook for clues about the mist creature . 
 however , she was having trouble digging out much beyond these two , familiar passages . 
 she made piles of pages that mentioned anything strange or supernatural . 
 she made a small pile with pages that referenced the mist spirit . 
 she also had a special pile for references to the deepness . 
 this last one , ironically , was both the largest and least informative of the group . 
 the logbook author had a habit of mentioning the deepness , but not saying much about it . 
 the deepness was dangerous , that much was clear . 
 it had ravaged the land , slaying thousands . 
 the monster had sown chaos wherever it stepped , bringing destruction and fear , but the armies of mankind had been unable to defeat it . 
 only the terris prophecies and the hero of ages had offered any hope . 
 if only he had been more specific ! 
 vin thought with frustration , riffling papers . 
 however , the tone of the logbook really was more melancholy than it was informative . 
 it was something that the hero had written for himself , to stay sane , to let him put his fears and hopes down on paper . 
 elend said he wrote for similar reasons , sometimes . 
 to vin , it seemed a silly method of dealing with problems . 
 with a sigh , she turned to the last stack of papers-the one with pages she had yet to study . 
 she lay down on the stone floor and began to read , searching for useful information . 
 it took time . 
 not only was she a slow reader , but her mind kept wandering . 
 she 'd read the logbook before-and , oddly , hints and phrases from it reminded her of where she 'd been at the time . 
 two years and a world away in fellise , still recovering from her near death at the hands of a steel inquisitor , she 'd been forced to spend her days pretending to be valette renoux , a young , inexperienced country noblewoman . 
 back then , she still had n't believed in kelsier 's plan to overthrow the final empire . 
 she 'd stayed with the crew because she valued the strange things they offered her-friendship , trust , and lessons in allomancy-not because she accepted their goals . 
 she would never have guessed where that would lead her . 
 to balls and parties , to actually growing-just a bit-to become the noblewoman she had pretended to be . 
 but that had been a farce , a few months of make-believe . 
 she forced her thoughts away from the frilly clothing and the dances . 
 she needed to focus on practical matters . 
 and ... is this practical ? 
 she thought idly , setting a page in one of the stacks . 
 studying things i barely comprehend , fearing a threat nobody else even cares to notice ? 
 she sighed , folding her arms under her chin as she lay on her stomach . 
 what was she really worried about ? 
 that the deepness would return ? 
 all she had were a few phantom visions in the mist-things that could , as elend implied , have easily been fabricated by her overworked mind . 
 more important was another question . 
 assuming that the deepness was real , what did she expect to do about it ? 
 she was no hero , general , or leader . 
 oh , kelsier , she thought , picking up another page . 
 we could use you now . 
 kelsier had been a man beyond convention ... a man who had somehow been able to defy reality . 
 he 'd thought that by giving his life to overthrow the lord ruler , he would secure freedom for the skaa . 
 but , what if his sacrifice had opened the way for a greater danger , something so destructive that the lord ruler 's oppression was a preferable alternative ? 
 she finally finished the page , then placed it in the stack of those that contained no useful information . 
 then she paused . 
 she could n't even remember what she 'd just read . 
 she sighed , picking the page back up , looking at it again . 
 how did elend do it ? 
 he could study the same books over and over again . 
 but , for vin , it was hard to - she paused . 
 i must assume that i am not mad , the words said . 
 i can not , with any rational sense of confidence , continue my quest if i do not believe this . 
 the thing following me must , therefore , be real . 
 she sat up . 
 she only vaguely remembered this section of the logbook . 
 the book was organized like a diary , with sequential-but dateless-entries . 
 it had a tendency to ramble , and the hero had been fond of droning on about his insecurities . 
 this section had been particularly dry . 
 but there , in the middle of his complaining , was a tidbit of information . 
 i believe that it would kill me , if it could , the text continued . 
 there is an evil feel to the thing of shadow and fog , and my skin recoils at its touch . 
 yet , it seems limited in what it can do , especially to me . 
 it can affect this world , however . 
 the knife it placed in fedik 's chest proves that much . 
 i 'm still not certain which was more traumatic for him-the wound itself , or seeing the thing that did it to him . 
 rashek whispers that i stabbed fedik myself , for only fedik and i can give witness to that night 's events . 
 however , i must make a decision . 
 i must determine that i am not mad . 
 the alternative is to admit that it was i who held that knife . 
 somehow , knowing rashek 's opinion on the matter makes it much easier for me to believe the opposite . 
 the next page continued on about rashek , and the next several entries contained no mention of the mist spirit . 
 however , vin found even these few paragraphs exciting . 
 he made a decision , she thought . 
 i have to make the same one . 
 she 'd never worried that she was mad , but she had sensed some logic in elend 's words . 
 now she rejected them . 
 the mist spirit was not some delusion brought on by a mixture of stress and memories of the logbook . 
 it was real . 
 that did n't mean the deepness was returning , nor did it mean that luthadel was in any sort of supernatural danger . 
 both , however , were possibilities . 
 she set this page with the two others that contained concrete information about the mist spirit , then turned back to her studies , determined to pay closer attention to her reading . 
 the armies were digging in . 
 elend watched from atop the wall as his plan , vague though it was , began to take form . 
 straff was making a defensive perimeter to the north , holding the canal route back a relatively short distance to urteau , his home city and capital . 
 cett was digging in to the west of the city , holding the luth-davn canal , which ran back to his cannery in haverfrex . 
 a cannery . 
 that was something elend wished he had in the city . 
 the technology was newer-perhaps fifty years old-but he 'd read of it . 
 the scholars had considered its main use that of providing easily carried supplies for soldiers fighting at the fringes of the empire . 
 they had n't considered stockpiles for sieges-particularly in luthadel . 
 but , then , who would have ? 
 even as elend watched , patrols began to move out from the separate armies . 
 some moved to watch the boundaries between the two forces , but others moved to secure other canal routes , bridges across the river channerel , and roads leading away from luthadel . 
 in a remarkably short time , the city felt completely surrounded . 
 cut off from the world , and the rest of elend 's small kingdom . 
 no more moving in or out . 
 the armies were counting on disease , starvation , and other weakening factors to bring elend to his knees . 
 the siege of luthadel had begun . 
 that 's a good thing , he told himself . 
 for this plan to work , they have to think me desperate . 
 they have to be so sure that i 'm willing to side with them , that they do n't consider that i might be working with their enemies , too . 
 as elend watched , he noticed someone climbing up the steps to the wall . 
 clubs . 
 the general hobbled over to elend , who had been standing alone . 
 `` congratulations , '' clubs said . 
 `` looks like you now have a full-blown siege on your hands . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 `` it 'll give us a little breathing room , i guess , '' clubs said . 
 then he eyed elend with one of his gnarled looks . 
 `` you 'd better be up to this , kid . '' 
 `` i know , '' elend whispered . 
 `` you 've made yourself the focal point , '' clubs said . 
 `` the assembly ca n't break this siege until you meet officially with straff , and the kings are n't likely to meet with anyone on the crew other than yourself . 
 this is all about you . 
 useful place for a king to be , i suppose . 
 if he 's a good one . '' 
 clubs fell silent . 
 elend stood , looking out over the separate armies . 
 the words spoken to him by tindwyl the terriswoman still bothered him . 
 you are a fool , elend venture ... so far , neither of the kings had responded to elend 's requests for a meeting-though the crew was sure that they soon would . 
 his enemies would wait , to make elend sweat a bit . 
 the assembly had just called another meeting , probably to try and bully him into releasing them from their earlier proposal . 
 elend had found a convenient reason to skip the meeting . 
 he looked at clubs . 
 `` and am i a good king , clubs ? 
 in your opinion . '' 
 the general glanced at him , and elend saw a harsh wisdom in his eyes . 
 `` i 've known worse leaders , '' he said . 
 `` but i 've also known a hell of a lot better . '' 
 elend nodded slowly . 
 `` i want to be good at this , clubs . 
 nobody else is going to look after the skaa like they deserve . 
 cett , straff . 
 they 'd just make slaves of the people again . 
 i. . . 
 i want to be more than my ideas , though . 
 i want to-need to-be a man that others can look to . '' 
 clubs shrugged . 
 `` my experience has been that the man is usually made by the situation . 
 kelsier was a selfish dandy until the pits nearly broke him . '' 
 he glanced at elend . 
 `` will this siege be your pits of hathsin , elend venture ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' he said honestly . 
 `` then we 'll have to wait and see , i guess . 
 for now , someone wants to speak with you . '' 
 he turned , nodding down toward the street some forty feet below , where a tall , feminine figure stood in colorful terris robes . 
 `` she told me to send you down , '' clubs said . 
 he paused , then glanced at elend . 
 `` it is n't often you meet someone who feels like they can order me around . 
 and a terriswoman at that . 
 i thought those terris were all docile and kindly . '' 
 elend smiled . 
 `` i guess sazed spoiled us . '' 
 clubs snorted . 
 `` so much for a thousand years of breeding , eh ? '' 
 elend nodded . 
 `` you sure she 's safe ? '' 
 clubs asked . 
 `` yes , '' elend said . 
 `` her story checks out-vin brought in several of the terris people from the city , and they knew and recognized tindwyl . 
 she 's apparently a fairly important person back in her homeland . '' 
 plus , she had performed feruchemy for him , growing stronger to free her hands . 
 that meant she was n't a kandra . 
 all of it together meant that she was trustworthy enough ; even vin admitted that , even if she continued to dislike the terriswoman . 
 clubs nodded to him , and elend took a deep breath . 
 then he walked down the stairs to meet tindwyl for another round of lessons . 
 `` today , we will do something about your clothing , '' tindwyl said , closing the door to elend 's study . 
 a plump seamstress with bowl-cut white hair waited inside , standing respectfully with a group of youthful assistants . 
 elend glanced down at his clothing . 
 it actually was n't bad . 
 the suit coat and vest fit fairly well . 
 the trousers were n't as stiff as those favored by imperial nobility , but he was the king now ; should n't he be able to set the trends ? 
 `` i do n't see what 's wrong with it , '' he said . 
 he held up a hand as tindwyl began to speak . 
 `` i know it 's not quite as formal as what other men like to wear , but it suits me . '' 
 `` it 's disgraceful , '' tindwyl said . 
 `` now , i hardly see - '' `` do n't argue with me . '' 
 `` but , see , the other day you said that - '' `` kings do n't argue , elend venture , '' tindwyl said firmly . 
 `` they command . 
 and , part of your ability to command comes from your bearing . 
 slovenly clothing invites other slovenly habits-such as your posture , which i 've already mentioned , i believe . '' 
 elend sighed , rolling his eyes as tindwyl snapped her fingers . 
 the seamstress and her assistants started unpacking a pair of large trunks . 
 `` this is n't necessary , '' elend said . 
 `` i already have some suits that fit more snugly ; i wear them on formal occasions . '' 
 `` you 're not going to wear suits anymore , '' tindwyl said . 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 tindwyl eyed him with a commanding stare , and elend sighed . 
 `` explain yourself ! '' 
 he said , trying to sound commanding . 
 tindwyl nodded . 
 `` you have maintained the dress code preferred by the nobility sanctioned by the final emperor . 
 in some respects , this was a good idea-it gave you a connection to the former government , and made you seem less of a deviant . 
 now , however , you are in a different position . 
 your people are in danger , and the time for simple diplomacy is over . 
 you are at war . 
 your dress should reflect that . '' 
 the seamstress selected a particular costume , then brought it over to elend while the assistants set up a changing screen . 
 elend hesitantly accepted the costume . 
 it was stiff and white , and the front of the jacket appeared to button all the way up to a rigid collar . 
 all and all , it looked like ... `` a uniform , '' he said , frowning . 
 `` indeed , '' tindwyl said . 
 `` you want your people to believe that you can protect them ? 
 well , a king is n't simply a lawmaker-he 's a general . 
 it is time you began to act like you deserve your title , elend venture . '' 
 `` i 'm no warrior , '' elend said . 
 `` this uniform is a lie . '' 
 `` the first point we will soon change , '' tindwyl said . 
 `` the second is not true . 
 you command the armies of the central dominance . 
 that makes you a military man whether or not you know how to swing a sword . 
 now , go change . '' 
 elend acceded with a shrug . 
 he walked around the changing screen , pushed aside a stack of books to make room , then began to change . 
 the white trousers fit snugly and fell straight around the calves . 
 while there was a shirt , it was completely obscured by the large , stiff jacket-which had military shoulder fittings . 
 it had an array of buttons-all of which , he noticed , were wood instead of metal-as well as a strange shieldlike design over the right breast . 
 it seemed to have some sort of arrow , or perhaps spear , emblazoned in it . 
 stiffness , cut , and design considered , elend was surprised how well the uniform fit . 
 `` it 's sized quite well , '' he noted , putting on the belt , then pulling down the bottom of the jacket , which came all the way to his hips . 
 `` we got your measurements from your tailor , '' tindwyl said . 
 elend stepped around the changing screen , and several assistants approached . 
 one politely motioned for him to step into a pair of shiny black boots , and the other attached a white cape to fastenings at his shoulders . 
 the final assistant handed him a polished hardwood dueling cane and sheath . 
 elend hooked it onto the belt , then pulled it through a slit in the jacket so it hung outside ; that much , at least , he had done before . 
 `` good , '' tindwyl said , looking him up and down . 
 `` once you learn to stand up straight , that will be a decent improvement . 
 now , sit . '' 
 elend opened his mouth to object , but thought better of it . 
 he sat down , and an assistant approached to attach a sheet around his shoulders . 
 she then pulled out a pair of shears . 
 `` now , wait , '' elend said . 
 `` i see where this is going . '' 
 `` then voice an objection , '' tindwyl said . 
 `` do n't be vague ! '' 
 `` all right , then , '' elend said . 
 `` i like my hair . '' 
 `` short hair is easier to care for than long hair , '' tindwyl said . 
 `` and you have proven that you can not be trusted in the area of personal grooming . '' 
 `` you are n't cutting my hair , '' elend said firmly . 
 tindwyl paused , then nodded . 
 the apprentice backed away , and elend stood , pulling off the sheet . 
 the seamstress produced a large mirror , and elend walked forward to inspect himself . 
 and froze . 
 the difference was surprising . 
 all his life , he 'd seen himself as a scholar and socialite , but also as just a bit of a fool . 
 he was elend-the friendly , comfortable man with the funny ideas . 
 easy to dismiss , perhaps , but difficult to hate . 
 the man he saw now was no dandy of the court . 
 he was a serious man-a formal man . 
 a man to be taken seriously . 
 the uniform made him want to stand up straighter , to rest one hand on the dueling cane . 
 his hair-slightly curled , long on the top and sides , and blown loose by the wind atop the city wall-didn ' t fit . 
 elend turned . 
 `` all right , '' he said . 
 `` cut it . '' 
 tindwyl smiled , then nodded for him to sit . 
 he did so , waiting quietly while the assistant worked . 
 when he stood again , his head matched the suit . 
 it was n't extremely short , not like ham 's hair , but it was neat and precise . 
 one of the assistants approached and handed him a loop of silver-painted wood . 
 he turned to tindwyl , frowning . 
 `` a crown ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` nothing ostentatious , '' tindwyl said . 
 `` this is a more subtle era than some of those gone by . 
 the crown is n't a symbol of your wealth , but of your authority . 
 you will wear it from now on , whether you are in private or in public . '' 
 `` the lord ruler did n't wear a crown . '' 
 `` the lord ruler did n't need to remind people that he was in charge , '' tindwyl said . 
 elend paused , then slipped on the crown . 
 it bore no gemstones or ornamentation ; it was just a simple coronet . 
 as he might have expected , it fit perfectly . 
 he turned back toward tindwyl , who waved for the seamstress to pack up and leave . 
 `` you have six uniforms like this one waiting for you in your rooms , '' tindwyl said . 
 `` until this siege is over , you will wear nothing else . 
 if you want variety , change the color of the cape . '' 
 elend nodded . 
 behind him , the seamstress and her assistants slipped out the door . 
 `` thank you , '' he told tindwyl . 
 `` i was hesitant at first , but you are right . 
 this makes a difference . '' 
 `` enough of one to deceive people for now , at least , '' tindwyl said . 
 `` deceive people ? '' 
 `` of course . 
 you did n't think that this was it , did you ? '' 
 `` well ... '' tindwyl raised an eyebrow . 
 `` a few lessons , and you think you 're through ? 
 we 've barely begun . 
 you are still a fool , elend venture-you just do n't look like one anymore . 
 hopefully , our charade will begin reversing some of the damage you 've done to your reputation . 
 however , it is going to take a lot more training before i 'll actually trust you to interact with people and not embarrass yourself . '' 
 elend flushed . 
 `` what do you - '' he paused . 
 `` tell me what you plan to teach me , then . '' 
 `` well , you need to learn how to walk , for one thing . '' 
 `` something 's wrong with the way i walk ? '' 
 `` by the forgotten gods , yes ! '' 
 tindwyl said , sounding amused , though no smile marred her lips . 
 `` and your speech patterns still need work . 
 beyond that , of course , there is your inability to handle weapons . '' 
 `` i 've had some training , '' elend said . 
 `` ask vin-i rescued her from the lord ruler 's palace the night of the collapse ! '' 
 `` i know , '' tindwyl said . 
 `` and , from what i 've heard , it was a miracle you survived . 
 fortunately , the girl was there to do the actual fighting . 
 you apparently rely on her quite a bit for that sort of thing . '' 
 `` she 's mistborn . '' 
 `` that is no excuse for your slovenly lack of skill , '' tindwyl said . 
 `` you can not always rely on your woman to protect you . 
 not only is it embarrassing , but your people-your soldiers-will expect you to be able to fight with them . 
 i doubt you will ever be the type of leader who can lead a charge against the enemy , but you should at least be able to handle yourself if your position gets attacked . '' 
 `` so , you want me to begin sparring with vin and ham during their training sessions ? '' 
 `` goodness , no ! 
 ca n't you imagine how terrible it would be for morale if the men saw you being beaten up in public ? '' 
 tindwyl shook her head . 
 `` no , we 'll have you trained discreetly by a dueling master . 
 given a few months , we should have you competent with the cane and the sword . 
 hopefully , this little siege of yours will last that long before the fighting starts . '' 
 elend flushed again . 
 `` you keep talking down to me . 
 it 's like i 'm not even king in your eyes-like you see me as some kind of placeholder . '' 
 tindwyl did n't answer , but her eyes glinted with satisfaction . 
 you said it , not i , her expression seemed to say . 
 elend flushed more deeply . 
 `` you can , perhaps , learn to be a king , elend venture , '' tindwyl said . 
 `` until then , you 'll just have to learn to fake it . '' 
 elend 's angry response was cut off by a knock at the door . 
 elend gritted his teeth , turning . 
 `` come in . '' 
 the door swung open . 
 `` there 's news , '' captain demoux said , his youthful face excited as he entered . 
 `` i - '' he froze . 
 elend cocked his head . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 `` i. . . 
 uh ... '' demoux paused , looked elend over again before continuing . 
 `` ham sent me , your majesty . 
 he says that a messenger from one of the kings has arrived . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 elend said . 
 `` from lord cett ? '' 
 `` no , your majesty . 
 the messenger is from your father . '' 
 elend frowned . 
 `` well , tell ham i 'll be there in a moment . '' 
 `` yes , your majesty , '' demoux said , retreating . 
 `` uh , i like the new uniform , your majesty . '' 
 `` thank you , demoux , '' elend said . 
 `` do you , by chance , know where lady vin is ? 
 i have n't seen her all day . '' 
 `` i think she 's in her quarters , your majesty . '' 
 her quarters ? 
 she never stays there . 
 is she sick ? 
 `` do you want me to summon her ? '' 
 demoux asked . 
 `` no , thank you , '' elend said . 
 `` i 'll get her . 
 tell ham to make the messenger comfortable . '' 
 demoux nodded , then withdrew . 
 elend turned to tindwyl , who was smiling to herself with a look of satisfaction . 
 elend brushed by her , walking over to grab his notebook . 
 `` i 'm going to learn to do more than just ` fake ' being king , tindwyl . '' 
 `` we 'll see . '' 
 elend shot a glance at the middle-aged terriswoman in her robes and jewelry . 
 `` practice expressions like that one , '' tindwyl noted , `` and you just might do it . '' 
 `` is that all it is , then ? '' 
 elend asked . 
 `` expressions and costumes ? 
 is that what makes a king ? '' 
 `` of course not . '' 
 elend stopped by the door , turning back . 
 `` then , what does ? 
 what do you think makes a man a good king , tindwyl of terris ? '' 
 `` trust , '' tindwyl said , looking him in the eyes . 
 `` a good king is one who is trusted by his people-and one who deserves that trust . '' 
 elend paused , then nodded . 
 good answer , he acknowledged , then pulled open the door and rushed out to find vin . 
 if only the terris religion , and belief in the anticipation , had n't spread beyond our people . 
 17 the piles of paper seemed to multiply as vin found more and more ideas in the logbook that she wanted to isolate and remember . 
 what were the prophecies about the hero of ages ? 
 how did the logbook author know where to go , and what did he think he 'd have to do when he got there ? 
 eventually , lying amid the mess-overlapping piles turned in odd directions to keep them separate-vin acknowledged a distasteful fact . 
 she was going to have to take notes . 
 with a sigh , she rose and crossed the room , stepping carefully over several stacks and approaching the room 's desk . 
 she 'd never used it before ; in fact , she 'd complained about it to elend . 
 what need did she have of a writing desk ? 
 so she 'd thought . 
 she selected a pen , then pulled out a little jar of ink , remembering the days when reen had taught her to write . 
 he 'd quickly grown frustrated with her scratchings , complaining about the cost of ink and paper . 
 he 'd taught her to read so that she could decipher contracts and imitate a noblewoman , but he 'd thought that writing was less useful . 
 in general , vin shared this opinion . 
 apparently , however , writing had uses even if one was n't a scribe . 
 elend was always scribbling notes and memos to himself ; she 'd often been impressed by how quickly he could write . 
 how did he make the letters come so easily ? 
 she grabbed a couple of blank sheets of paper and walked back over to her sorted piles . 
 she sat down with crossed legs and unscrewed the top of the ink bottle . 
 `` mistress , '' oreseur noted , still lying with his paws before him , `` you do realize that you just left the writing desk behind to sit on the floor . '' 
 vin looked up . 
 `` and ? '' 
 `` the purpose of a writing desk is , well , writing . '' 
 `` but my papers are all over here . '' 
 `` papers can be moved , i believe . 
 if they prove too heavy , you could always burn pewter to give yourself more strength . '' 
 vin eyed his amused face as she inked the nib of her pen . 
 well , at least he 's displaying something other than his dislike of me . 
 `` the floor is more comfortable . '' 
 `` if you say so , mistress , i will believe it to be true . '' 
 she paused , trying to determine if he was still mocking her or not . 
 blasted dog 's face , she thought . 
 too hard to read . 
 with a sigh , she leaned down and began to write out the first word . 
 she had to make each line precisely so that the ink did n't smudge , and she had to pause often to sound out words and find the right letters . 
 she 'd barely written a couple of sentences before a knock came at her door . 
 she looked up with a frown . 
 who was bothering her ? 
 `` come in , '' she called . 
 she heard a door open in the other room , and elend 's voice called out . 
 `` vin ? '' 
 `` in here , '' she said , turning back to her writing . 
 `` why did you knock ? '' 
 `` well , you might have been changing , '' he said , entering . 
 `` so ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 elend chuckled . 
 `` two years , and privacy is still a strange concept to you . '' 
 vin looked up . 
 `` well , i did - '' for just the briefest flash of a moment , she thought he was someone else . 
 her instincts kicked in before her brain , and she reflexively dropped the pen , jumping up and flaring pewter . 
 then she stopped . 
 `` that much of a change , eh ? '' 
 elend asked , holding out his arms so she could get a better look at his costume . 
 vin put a hand to her chest , so shocked that she stepped right on one of her stacks . 
 it was elend , but it was n't . 
 the brilliant white costume , with its sharp lines and firm figure , looked so different from his normal loose jacket and trousers . 
 he seemed more commanding . 
 more regal . 
 `` you cut your hair , '' she said , walking around him slowly , studying the costume . 
 `` tindwyl 's idea , '' he said . 
 `` what do you think ? '' 
 `` less for people to grab on to in a fight , '' vin said . 
 elend smiled . 
 `` is that all you think about ? '' 
 `` no , '' vin said absently , reaching up to tug his cape . 
 it came free easily , and she nodded approvingly . 
 mistcloaks were the same ; elend would n't have to worry about someone grabbing his cape in a fight . 
 she stepped back , arms folded . 
 `` does this mean i can cut my hair , too ? '' 
 elend paused just briefly . 
 `` you 're always free to do what you want , vin . 
 but , i kind of think it 's pretty longer . '' 
 it stays , then . 
 `` anyway , '' elend said . 
 `` you approve ? '' 
 `` definitely , '' vin said . 
 `` you look like a king . '' 
 though , she suspected a part of her would miss the tangle-haired , disheveled elend . 
 there had been something ... endearing about that mixture of earnest competence and distracted inattention . 
 `` good , '' elend said . 
 `` because i think we 're going to need the advantage . 
 a messenger just ... '' he trailed off , looking over her stacks of paper . 
 `` vin ? 
 were you doing research ? '' 
 vin flushed . 
 `` i was just looking through the logbook , trying to find references to the deepness . '' 
 `` you were ! '' 
 elend stepped forward excitedly . 
 to her chagrin , he quickly located the paper with her fledgling notes on it . 
 he held the paper up , then looked over at her . 
 `` did you write this ? '' 
 `` yes , '' she said . 
 `` your penmanship is beautiful , '' he said , sounding a bit surprised . 
 `` why did n't you tell me you could write like this ? '' 
 `` did n't you say something about a messenger ? '' 
 elend put the sheet back down , looking oddly like a proud parent . 
 `` right . 
 a messenger from my father 's army has arrived . 
 i 'm making him wait for a bit-it did n't seem wise to appear too eager . 
 but , we should probably go meet with him . '' 
 vin nodded , waving to oreseur . 
 the kandra rose and padded to her side , and the three of them left her quarters . 
 that was one nice thing about books and notes . 
 they could always wait for another time . 
 they found the messenger waiting in the third-floor venture atrium . 
 vin and elend walked in , and she stopped immediately . 
 it was him . 
 the watcher . 
 elend stepped forward to meet the man , and vin grabbed his arm . 
 `` wait , '' she hissed quietly . 
 elend turned , confused . 
 if that man has atium , vin thought with a stab of panic , elend is dead . 
 we 're all dead . 
 the watcher stood quietly . 
 he did n't look much like a messenger or courier . 
 he wore all black , even a pair of black gloves . 
 he wore trousers and a silken shirt , with no cloak or cape . 
 she remembered that face . 
 it was him . 
 but ... she thought , if he 'd wanted to kill elend , he could have done so already . 
 the thought frightened her , yet she had to admit it was true . 
 `` what ? '' 
 elend asked , standing in the doorway with her . 
 `` be careful , '' she whispered . 
 `` this is no simple messenger . 
 that man is mistborn . '' 
 elend paused , frowning . 
 he turned back toward the watcher , who stood quietly , clasping his hands behind his back , looking confident . 
 yes , he was mistborn ; only a man such as he could walk into an enemy palace , completely surrounded by guards , and not be the slightest bit unsettled . 
 `` all right , '' elend said , finally stepping into the room . 
 `` straff 's man . 
 you bring a message for me ? '' 
 `` not just a message , your majesty , '' the watcher said . 
 `` my name is zane , and i am something of an ... ambassador . 
 your father was very pleased to receive your invitation for an alliance . 
 he 's glad that you are finally seeing reason . '' 
 vin studied the watcher , this `` zane . '' 
 what was his game ? 
 why come himself ? 
 why reveal who he was ? 
 elend nodded , keeping a distance from zane . 
 `` two armies , '' elend said , `` camped outside my door ... well , that 's not the kind of thing i can ignore . 
 i 'd like to meet with my father and discuss possibilities for the future . '' 
 `` i think he would enjoy that , '' zane said . 
 `` it has been some time since he saw you , and he has long regretted your falling-out . 
 you are , after all , his only son . '' 
 `` it 's been hard on both of us , '' elend said . 
 `` perhaps we could set up a tent in which to meet outside the city ? '' 
 `` i 'm afraid that wo n't be possible , '' zane said . 
 `` his majesty rightly fears assassins . 
 if you wish to speak with him , he 'd be happy to host you at his tent in the venture camp . '' 
 elend frowned . 
 `` now , i do n't think that makes much sense . 
 if he fears assassins , should n't i ? '' 
 `` i 'm certain he could protect you in his own camp , your majesty , '' zane said . 
 `` you have nothing to fear from cett 's assassins there . '' 
 `` i. . . 
 see , '' elend said . 
 `` i 'm afraid that his majesty was quite firm on this point , '' zane said . 
 `` you are the one who is eager for an alliance-if you wish a meeting , you will have to come to him . '' 
 elend glanced at vin . 
 she continued to watch zane . 
 the man met her eyes , and spoke . 
 `` i have heard reports of the beautiful mistborn who accompanies the venture heir . 
 she who slew the lord ruler , and was trained by the survivor himself . '' 
 there was silence in the room for a moment . 
 elend finally spoke . 
 `` tell my father that i will consider his offer . '' 
 zane finally turned away from vin . 
 `` his majesty was hoping for us to set a date and time , your majesty . '' 
 `` i will send another message when i have made my decision , '' elend said . 
 `` very well , '' zane said , bowing slightly , though he used the move to catch vin 's eyes once again . 
 then he nodded once to elend , and let the guards escort him away . 
 in the cold mist of early evening , vin waited on the short wall of keep venture , oreseur sitting at her side . 
 the mists were quiet . 
 her thoughts were far less serene . 
 who else would he work for ? 
 she thought . 
 of course he 's one of straff 's men . 
 that explained many things . 
 it had been quite a while since their last encounter ; vin had begun to think that she would n't see the watcher again . 
 would they spar again , then ? 
 vin tried to suppress her eagerness , tried to tell herself that she simply wanted to find this watcher because of the threat he posed . 
 but , the thrill of another fight in the mists-another chance to test her abilities against a mistborn-made her tense with anticipation . 
 she did n't know him , and she certainly did n't trust him . 
 that only made the prospect of a fight all the more exciting . 
 `` why are we waiting here , mistress ? '' 
 oreseur asked . 
 `` we 're just on patrol , '' vin said . 
 `` watching for assassins or spies . 
 just like every night . '' 
 `` do you command me to believe you , mistress ? '' 
 vin shot him a flat stare . 
 `` believe as you wish , kandra . '' 
 `` very well , '' oreseur said . 
 `` why did you not tell the king that you 've been sparring with this zane ? '' 
 vin turned back toward the dark mists . 
 `` assassins and allomancers are my concern , not elend 's . 
 no need to worry him yet-he has enough troubles at the moment . '' 
 oreseur sat back on his haunches . 
 `` i see . '' 
 `` you do n't believe i 'm right ? '' 
 `` i believe as i wish , '' oreseur said . 
 `` is n't that what you just commanded me , mistress ? '' 
 `` whatever , '' vin said . 
 her bronze was on , and she had to try very hard not to think about the mist spirit . 
 she could feel it waiting in the darkness to her right . 
 she did n't look toward it . 
 the logbook never did mention what became of that spirit . 
 it nearly killed one of the hero 's companions . 
 after that , there was barely a mention of it . 
 problems for another night , she thought as another source of allomancy appeared to her bronze senses . 
 a stronger , more familiar source . 
 zane . 
 vin hopped up onto the battlements , nodded farewell to oreseur , then jumped out into the night . 
 mist twisted in the sky , different breezes forming silent streams of white , like rivers in the air . 
 vin skimmed them , burst through them , and rode them like a bouncing stone cast upon the waters . 
 she quickly reached the place where she and zane had last parted , the lonely abandoned street . 
 he waited in the center , still wearing black . 
 vin dropped to the cobbles before him in a flurry of mistcloak tassels . 
 she stood up straight . 
 he never wears a cloak . 
 why is that ? 
 the two stood opposite one another for a few silent moments . 
 zane had to know of her questions , but he offered no introduction , greeting , or explanation . 
 eventually , he reached into a pocket and pulled out a coin . 
 he tossed it to the street between them , and it bounced-metal ringing against stone-and came to a stop . 
 he jumped into the air . 
 vin did likewise , both pushing against the coin . 
 their separate weights nearly canceled each other out , and they shot up and back , like the two arms of a `` v. '' zane spun , throwing a coin behind him . 
 it slammed against the side of a building and he pushed , throwing himself toward vin . 
 suddenly , she felt a force slam against her coin pouch , threatening to toss her back down to the ground . 
 what is the game tonight , zane ? 
 she thought even as she yanked the tie on her pouch , dropping it free from her belt . 
 she pushed against it , and it shot downward , forced by her weight . 
 when it hit the ground , vin had the better upward force : she was pushing against the pouch from directly above , while zane was only pushing from the side . 
 vin lurched upward , streaking past zane in the cool night air , then threw her weight against the coins in his own pocket . 
 zane began to drop . 
 however , he grabbed the coins-keeping them from ripping free-and pushed down on her pouch . 
 he froze in the air-vin pushing him from above , his own push forcing him upward . 
 and , because he stopped , vin 's push suddenly threw her backward . 
 vin let go of zane and allowed herself to drop . 
 zane , however , did n't let himself fall . 
 he pushed himself back up into the air , then began to bound away , never letting his feet touch rooftops or cobblestones . 
 he tried to force me to the ground , vin thought . 
 first one to fall loses , is that it ? 
 still tumbling , vin spun herself in the air . 
 she retrieved her coin pouch with a careful pull , then threw it down toward the ground and pushed herself upward . 
 she pulled the pouch back into her hand even as she flew , then jumped after zane , pushing recklessly through the night , trying to catch up . 
 in the darkness , luthadel seemed cleaner than it did during the day . 
 she could n't see the ash-stained buildings , the dark refineries , the haze of smoke from the forges . 
 around her , the empty keeps of the old high nobility watched like silent monoliths . 
 some of the majestic buildings had been given to lesser nobles , and others had become government buildings . 
 the rest-after being plundered at elend 's command-lay unused , their stained-glass windows dark , their vaultings , statues , and murals ignored . 
 vin was n't certain if zane purposely headed to keep hasting , or if she simply caught up to him there . 
 either way , the enormous structure loomed as zane noticed her proximity and turned , throwing a handful of coins at her . 
 vin pushed against them tentatively . 
 sure enough , as soon as she touched them , zane flared steel and pushed harder . 
 if she 'd been pushing hard , the force of his attack would have thrown her backward . 
 as it was , she was able to deflect the coins to her sides . 
 zane immediately pushed against her coin pouch again , throwing himself upward along one of keep hasting 's walls . 
 vin was ready for this move as well . 
 flaring pewter , she grabbed the pouch in a two-handed grip and ripped it in half . 
 coins sprayed beneath her , shooting toward the ground under the force of zane 's push . 
 she selected one and pushed herself , gaining lift as soon as it hit the ground . 
 she spun , facing upward , her tin-enhanced ears hearing a shower of metal hit the stones far below . 
 she 'd still have access to the coins , but she did n't have to carry them on her body . 
 she shot up toward zane , one of the keep 's outer towers looming in the mists to her left . 
 keep hasting was one of the finest in the city . 
 it had a large tower at the center-tall , imposing , wide-with a ballroom at the very top . 
 it also had six smaller towers rising equidistant around the central structure , each one connected to it by a thick wall . 
 it was an elegant , majestic building . 
 somehow , she suspected that zane had sought it out for that reason . 
 vin watched him now , his push losing power as he got too far from the coin anchor below . 
 he spun directly above her , a dark figure against a shifting sky of mist , still well below the top of the wall . 
 vin yanked sharply on several coins below , pulling them into the air in case she needed them . 
 zane plummeted toward her . 
 vin reflexively pushed against the coins in his pocket , then realized that was probably what he 'd wanted : it gave him lift while forcing her down . 
 she let go as she fell , and she soon passed the group of coins she 'd pulled into the air . 
 she pulled on one , bringing it into her hand , then pushed on another , sending it sideways into the wall . 
 vin shot to the side . 
 zane whooshed by her in the air , his passing churning the mists . 
 he soon bobbed back up-probably using a coin from below-and flung a double handful of coins straight at her . 
 vin spun , again deflecting the coins . 
 they shot around her , and she heard several pling against something in the mists behind her . 
 another wall . 
 she and zane were sparring between a pair of the keep 's outer towers ; there was an angled wall to either side of them , with the central tower just a short distance in front of them . 
 they were fighting near the tip of an open-bottomed triangle of stone walls . 
 zane shot toward her . 
 vin reached out to throw her weight against him , but realized with a start that he was no longer carrying any coins . 
 he was pushing on something behind him , though-the same coin vin had slammed against the wall with her weight . 
 she pushed herself upward , trying to get out of the way , but he angled upward as well . 
 zane crashed into her , and they began to fall . 
 as they spun together , zane grabbed her by the upper arms , holding his face close to hers . 
 he did n't seem angry , or even very forceful . 
 he just seemed calm . 
 `` this is what we are , vin , '' he said quietly . 
 wind and mist whipped around them as they fell , the tassels of vin 's mistcloak writhing in the air around zane . 
 `` why do you play their games ? 
 why do you let them control you ? '' 
 vin placed her hand lightly against zane 's chest , then pushed on the coin that had been in her palm . 
 the force of the push lurched her free of his grip , flipping him up and backward . 
 she caught herself just a few feet from the ground , pushing against fallen coins , throwing herself upward again . 
 she passed zane in the night , and saw a smile on his face as he fell . 
 vin reached downward , locking on to the blue lines extending toward the ground far below , then flared iron and pulled against all of them at once . 
 blue lines zipped around her , the coins rising and rising shooting past the surprised zane . 
 she pulled a few choice coins into her hands . 
 let 's see if you can stay in the air now , vin thought with a smile , pushing outward , spraying the other coins away into the night . 
 zane continued to fall . 
 vin began to fall as well . 
 she threw a coin to each side , then pushed . 
 the coins shot into the mists , flying toward the stone walls to either side . 
 coins slapped against stone , and vin lurched to a halt in the air . 
 she pushed hard , holding herself in place , anticipating a pull from below . 
 if he pulls , i pull , too , she thought . 
 we both fall , and i keep the coins between us in the air . 
 he 'll hit the ground first . 
 a coin shot past her in the air . 
 what ! 
 where did he get that ! 
 she 'd been sure that she 'd pushed away every coin below . 
 the coin arced upward , through the mists , trailing a blue line visible to her allomancer 's eyes . 
 it crested the top of the wall to her right . 
 vin glanced down just in time to see zane slow , then lurch upward-pulling on the coin that was now held in place atop the wall by the stone railing . 
 he passed her with a self-satisfied look on his face . 
 show-off . 
 vin let go of the coin to her left while still pushing to her right . 
 she lurched to the left , nearly colliding with the wall before she threw another coin at it . 
 she pushed on this one , throwing herself upward and to the right . 
 another coin sent her back upward to the left , and she continued to bounce between the walls , back and forth , until she crested the top . 
 she smiled as she twisted in the air . 
 zane-hovering in the air above the wall 's top-nodded appreciatively as she passed . 
 she noticed that he 'd grabbed a few of her discarded coins . 
 time for a little attack myself , vin thought . 
 she slammed a push against the coins in zane 's hand , and they shot her upward . 
 however , zane was still pushing against the coin on the wall top below , and so he did n't fall . 
 instead he hung in the air between the two forces-his own push forcing him upward , vin 's push forcing him downward . 
 vin heard him grunt in exertion , and she pushed harder . 
 she was so focused , however , that she barely saw him open his other hand and push a coin up toward her . 
 she reached out to push against it , but fortunately his aim was off , and the coin missed her by a few inches . 
 or perhaps it did n't . 
 immediately , the coin zipped back downward and hit her in the back . 
 zane pulled on it forcefully , and the bit of metal dug into vin 's skin . 
 she gasped , flaring pewter to keep the coin from cutting through her . 
 zane did n't relent . 
 vin gritted her teeth , but he weighed much more than she did . 
 she inched down toward him in the night , her push straining to keep the two of them apart , the coin digging painfully into her back . 
 never get into a raw pushing match , vin , kelsier had warned her . 
 you do n't weigh enough-you 'll lose every time . 
 she stopped pushing on the coin in zane 's hand . 
 immediately , she fell , pulled by the coin on her back . 
 she pushed on it slightly , giving herself a little leverage , then threw her final coin to the side . 
 it hit at the last moment , and vin 's push scooted her out from between zane and his coin . 
 zane 's coin snapped him in the chest , and he grunted : he had obviously been trying to get vin to collide with him again . 
 vin smiled , then pulled against the coin in zane 's hand . 
 give him what he wants , i guess . 
 he turned just in time to see her slam feet-first into him . 
 vin spun , feeling him crumple beneath her . 
 she exulted in the victory , spinning in the air above the wall walk . 
 then she noticed something : several faint lines of blue disappearing into the distance . 
 zane had pushed all of their coins away . 
 desperately , vin grabbed one of the coins and pulled it back . 
 too late , however . 
 she searched frantically for a closer source of metal , but all was stone or wood . 
 disoriented , she hit the stone wall walk , tumbling amid her mistcloak until she came to a halt beside the wall 's stone railing . 
 she shook her head and flared tin , clearing her vision with a flash of pain and other senses . 
 surely zane had n't fared better . 
 he must have fallen as - zane hung a few feet away . 
 he 'd found a coin-vin could n't fathom how-and was pushing against it below him . 
 however , he did n't shoot away . 
 he hovered above the wall top , just a few feet in the air , still in a half tumble from vin 's kick . 
 as vin watched , zane rotated slowly in the air , hand outstretched beneath him , twisting like a skilled acrobat on a pole . 
 there was a look of intense concentration on his face , and his muscles-all of them , arms , face , chest-were taut . 
 he turned in the air until he was facing her . 
 vin watched with awe . 
 it was possible to push just slightly against a coin , regulating the amount of force with which one was thrown backward . 
 it was incredibly difficult , however-so difficult that even kelsier had struggled with it . 
 most of the time , mistborn simply used short bursts . 
 when vin fell , for instance , she slowed herself by throwing a coin and pushing against it briefly-but powerfully-to counteract her momentum . 
 she 'd never seen an allomancer with as much control as zane . 
 his ability to push slightly against that coin would be of little use in a fight ; it obviously took too much concentration . 
 yet , there was a grace to it , a beauty to his movements that implied something vin herself had felt . 
 allomancy was n't just about fighting and killing . 
 it was about skill and grace . 
 it was something beautiful . 
 zane rotated until he was upright , standing in a gentleman 's posture . 
 then he dropped to the wall walk , his feet slapping quietly against the stones . 
 he regarded vin-who still lay on the stones-with a look that lacked contempt . 
 `` you are very skilled , '' he said . 
 `` and quite powerful . '' 
 he was tall , impressive . 
 like ... kelsier . 
 `` why did you come to the palace today ? '' 
 she asked , climbing to her feet . 
 `` to see how they treated you . 
 tell me , vin . 
 what is it about mistborn that makes us-despite our powers-so willing to act as slaves to others ? '' 
 `` slaves ? '' 
 vin said . 
 `` i 'm no slave . '' 
 zane shook his head . 
 `` they use you , vin . '' 
 `` sometimes it 's good to be useful . '' 
 `` those words are spoken of insecurity . '' 
 vin paused ; then she eyed him . 
 `` where did you get that coin , at the end ? 
 there were none nearby . '' 
 zane smiled , then opened his mouth and pulled out a coin . 
 he dropped it to the stones with a pling . 
 vin opened her eyes wide . 
 metal inside a person 's body ca n't be affected by another allomancer ... that 's such an easy trick ! 
 why did n't i think of it ? 
 why did n't kelsier think of it ? 
 zane shook his head . 
 `` we do n't belong with them , vin . 
 we do n't belong in their world . 
 we belong here , in the mists . '' 
 `` i belong with those who love me , '' vin said . 
 `` love you ? '' 
 zane asked quietly . 
 `` tell me . 
 do they understand you , vin ? 
 can they understand you ? 
 and , can a man love something he does n't understand ? '' 
 he watched her for a moment . 
 when she did n't respond , he nodded to her slightly , then pushed against the coin he had dropped moments before , throwing himself back into the mists . 
 vin let him go . 
 his words held more weight than he probably understood . 
 we do n't belong in their world ... he could n't know that she 'd been pondering her place , wondering whether she was noblewoman , assassin , or something else . 
 zane 's words , then , meant something important . 
 he felt himself to be an outsider . 
 a little like herself . 
 it was a weakness in him , certainly . 
 perhaps she could turn him against straff-his willingness to spar with her , his willingness to reveal himself , hinted at that much . 
 she breathed in deeply of the cool , mist air , her heart still beating quickly from the exchange . 
 she felt tired , yet alive , from fighting someone who might actually be better than she was . 
 standing in the mists atop the wall of an abandoned keep , she decided something . 
 she had to keep sparring with zane . 
 if only the deepness had n't come when it did , providing a threat that drove men to desperation both in action and belief . 
 18 `` kill him , '' god whispered . 
 zane hung quietly in the mists , looking through elend venture 's open balcony doors . 
 the mists swirled around him , obscuring him from the king 's view . 
 `` you should kill him , '' god said again . 
 in a way , zane hated elend , though he had never met the man before today . 
 elend was everything that zane should have been . 
 favored . 
 privileged . 
 pampered . 
 he was zane 's enemy , a block in the road to domination , the thing that was keeping straff-and therefore zane-from ruling the central dominance . 
 but he was also zane 's brother . 
 zane let himself drop through the mists , falling silently to the ground outside keep venture . 
 he pulled his anchors up into his hand-three small bars he had been pushing on to hold himself in place . 
 vin would be returning soon , and he did n't want to be near the keep when she did . 
 she had a strange ability to know where he was ; her senses were far more keen than any allomancer he had ever known or fought . 
 of course , she had been trained by the survivor himself . 
 i would have liked to have known him , zane thought as he moved quietly across the courtyard . 
 he was a man who understood the power of being mistborn . 
 a man who did n't let others control him . 
 a man who did what had to be done , no matter how ruthless it seemed . 
 or so the rumors said . 
 zane paused beside the outer keep wall , below a buttress . 
 he stooped , removing a cobblestone , and found the message left there by his spy inside elend 's palace . 
 zane retrieved it , replaced the cobblestone , then dropped a coin and launched himself out into the night . 
 zane did not slink . 
 nor did he creep , skulk , or cower . 
 in fact , he did n't even like to hide . 
 so , he approached the venture army camp with a determined stride . 
 it seemed to him that mistborn spent too much of their existence hiding . 
 true , anonymity offered some limited freedom . 
 however , his experience had been that it bound them more than it freed them . 
 it let them be controlled , and it let society pretend that they did n't exist . 
 zane strode toward a guard post , where two soldiers sat beside a large fire . 
 he shook his head ; they were virtually useless , blinded by the firelight . 
 normal men feared the mists , and that made them less valuable . 
 that was n't arrogance ; it was a simple fact . 
 allomancers were more useful , and therefore more valuable , than normal men . 
 that was why zane had tineyes watching in the darkness as well . 
 these regular soldiers were more a formality than anything else . 
 `` kill them , '' god commanded as zane walked up to the guard post . 
 zane ignored the voice , though it was growing more and more difficult to do so . 
 `` halt ! '' 
 one of the guards said , lowering a spear . 
 `` who is that ? '' 
 zane pushed the spear offhandedly , flipping up the tip . 
 `` who else would it be ? '' 
 he snapped , walking into the firelight . 
 `` lord zane ! '' 
 the other soldier said . 
 `` summon the king , '' zane said , passing the guard post . 
 `` tell him to meet me in the command tent . '' 
 `` but , my lord , '' the guard said . 
 `` the hour is late . 
 his majesty is probably ... '' zane turned , giving the guard a flat stare . 
 the mists swirled between them . 
 zane did n't even have to use emotional allomancy on the soldier ; the man simply saluted , then rushed off into the night to do as commanded . 
 zane strode through the camp . 
 he wore no uniform or mistcloak , but soldiers stopped and saluted as he passed . 
 this was the way it should be . 
 they knew him , knew what he was , knew to respect him . 
 and yet , a part of him acknowledged that if straff had n't kept his bastard son hidden , zane might not be the powerful weapon that he was today . 
 that secrecy had forced zane to live a life of near squalor while his half brother , elend , had been privileged . 
 but it also meant that straff had been able to keep zane hidden for most of his life . 
 even still , while rumors were growing about the existence of straff 's mistborn , few realized that zane was straff 's son . 
 plus , living a harsh life had taught zane to survive on his own . 
 he had become hard , and powerful . 
 things he suspected elend would never understand . 
 unfortunately , one side effect of his childhood was that it had apparently driven him mad . 
 `` kill him , '' god whispered as zane passed another guard . 
 the voice spoke every time he saw a person-it was zane 's quiet , constant companion . 
 he understood that he was insane . 
 it had n't really been all that hard to determine , all things considered . 
 normal people did not hear voices . 
 zane did . 
 he found insanity no excuse , however , for irrational behavior . 
 some men were blind , others had poor tempers . 
 still others heard voices . 
 it was all the same , in the end . 
 a man was defined not by his flaws , but by how he overcame them . 
 and so , zane ignored the voice . 
 he killed when he wanted to , not when it commanded . 
 in his estimation , he was actually quite lucky . 
 other madmen saw visions , or could n't distinguish their delusions from reality . 
 zane , at least , could control himself . 
 for the most part . 
 he pushed on the metal clasps on the flaps of the command tent . 
 the flaps flipped backward , opening for him as the soldiers to either side saluted . 
 zane ducked inside . 
 `` my lord ! '' 
 said the nightwatch officer of command . 
 `` kill him , '' god said . 
 `` he 's really not that important . '' 
 `` paper , '' zane ordered , walking to the room 's large table . 
 the officer scrambled to comply , grabbing a stack of sheets . 
 zane pulled on the nib of a pen , flipping it across the room to his waiting hand . 
 the officer brought the ink . 
 `` these are troop concentrations and night patrols , '' zane said , scribbling down some numbers and diagrams on the paper . 
 `` i observed them tonight , while i was in luthadel . '' 
 `` very good , my lord , '' the soldier said . 
 `` we appreciate your help . '' 
 zane paused . 
 then he slowly continued to write . 
 `` soldier , you are not my superior . 
 you are n't even my equal . 
 i am not ` helping ' you . 
 i am seeing to the needs of my army . 
 do you understand ? '' 
 `` of course , my lord . '' 
 `` good , '' zane said , finishing his notes and handing the paper to the soldier . 
 `` now , leave-or i 'll do as a friend has suggested and ram this pen through your throat . '' 
 the soldier accepted the paper , then quickly withdrew . 
 zane waited impatiently . 
 straff did not arrive . 
 finally , zane cursed quietly and pushed open the tent flaps and strode out . 
 straff 's tent was a blazing red beacon in the night , well lit by numerous lanterns . 
 zane passed the guards , who knew better than to bother him , and entered the king 's tent . 
 straff was having a late dinner . 
 he was a tall man , brown of hair like both his sons-the two important ones , at least . 
 he had fine nobleman 's hands , which he used to eat with finesse . 
 he did n't react as zane entered . 
 `` you 're late , '' straff said . 
 `` kill him , '' god said . 
 zane clinched his fists . 
 this command from the voice was the hardest to ignore . 
 `` yes , '' he said . 
 `` i 'm late . '' 
 `` what happened tonight ? '' 
 straff asked . 
 zane glanced at the servants . 
 `` we should do this in the command tent . '' 
 straff continued to sip his soup , staying where he was , implying that zane had no power to order him about . 
 it was frustrating , but not unexpected . 
 zane had used virtually the same tactic on the nightwatch officer just moments before . 
 he had learned from the best . 
 finally , zane sighed , taking a seat . 
 he rested his arms on the table , idly spinning a dinner knife as he watched his father eat . 
 a servant approached to ask zane if he wanted a meal , but he waved the man away . 
 `` kill straff , '' god commanded . 
 `` you should be in his place . 
 you are stronger than he is . 
 you are more competent . '' 
 but i 'm not as sane , zane thought . 
 `` well ? '' 
 straff asked . 
 `` do they have the lord ruler 's atium or not ? '' 
 `` i 'm not sure , '' zane said . 
 `` does the girl trust you ? '' 
 straff asked . 
 `` she 's beginning to , '' zane said . 
 `` i did see her use atium , that once , fighting cett 's assassins . '' 
 straff nodded thoughtfully . 
 he really was competent ; because of him , the northern dominance had avoided the chaos that prevailed in the rest of the final empire . 
 straff 's skaa remained under control , his noblemen quelled . 
 true , he had been forced to execute a number of people to prove that he was in charge . 
 but , he did what needed to be done . 
 that was one attribute in a man that zane respected above all others . 
 especially since he had trouble displaying it himself . 
 `` kill him ! '' 
 god yelled . 
 `` you hate him ! 
 he kept you in squalor , forcing you to fight for your survival as a child . '' 
 he made me strong , zane thought . 
 `` then use that strength to kill him ! '' 
 zane grabbed the carving knife off the table . 
 straff looked up from his meal , then flinched just slightly as zane sliced the flesh of his own arm . 
 he cut a long gash into the top of his forearm , drawing blood . 
 the pain helped him resist the voice . 
 straff watched for a moment , then waved for a servant to bring zane a towel so he would n't get blood on the rug . 
 `` you need to get her to use atium again , '' straff said . 
 `` elend may have been able to gather one or two beads . 
 we 'll only know the truth if she runs out . '' 
 he paused , turning back to his meal . 
 `` actually , what you need to do is get her to tell you where the stash is hidden , if they even have it . '' 
 zane sat , watching the blood seep from the gash on his forearm . 
 `` she 's more capable than you think , father . '' 
 straff raised an eyebrow . 
 `` do n't tell me you believe those stories , zane ? 
 the lies about her and the lord ruler ? '' 
 `` how do you know they are lies ? '' 
 `` because of elend , '' straff said . 
 `` that boy is a fool ; he only controls luthadel because every nobleman with half a wit in his head fled the city . 
 if that girl were powerful enough to defeat the lord ruler , i sincerely doubt that your brother could ever have gained her loyalty . '' 
 zane cut another slice in his arm . 
 he did n't cut deeply enough to do any real damage , and the pain worked as it usually did . 
 straff finally turned from his meal , masking a look of discomfort . 
 a small , twisted piece of zane took pleasure from seeing that look in his father 's eyes . 
 perhaps it was a side effect of his insanity . 
 `` anyway , '' straff said , `` did you meet with elend ? '' 
 zane nodded . 
 he turned to a serving girl . 
 `` tea , '' he said , waving his uncut arm . 
 `` elend was surprised . 
 he wanted to meet with you , but he obviously did n't like the idea of coming into your camp . 
 i doubt he 'll come . '' 
 `` perhaps , '' straff said . 
 `` but , do n't underestimate the boy 's foolishness . 
 either way , perhaps now he understands how our relationship will proceed . '' 
 so much posturing , zane thought . 
 by sending this message , straff took a stand : he would n't be ordered about , or even inconvenienced , on elend 's behalf . 
 being forced into a siege inconvenienced you , though , zane thought with a smile . 
 what straff would have liked to do was attack directly , taking the city without parlay or negotiations . 
 the arrival of the second army made that impossible . 
 attack now , and straff would be defeated by cett . 
 that meant waiting , waiting in a siege , until elend saw reason and joined with his father willingly . 
 but , waiting was something straff disliked . 
 zane did n't mind as much . 
 it would give him more time to spar with the girl . 
 he smiled . 
 as the tea arrived , zane closed his eyes , then burned tin to enhance his senses . 
 his wounds burst to life , minor pains becoming great , shocking him to wakefulness . 
 there was a part of all this he was n't telling straff . 
 she is coming to trust me , he thought . 
 and there 's something else about her . 
 she 's like me . 
 perhaps ... she could understand me . 
 perhaps she could save me . 
 he sighed , opening his eyes and using the towel to clean his arm . 
 his insanity frightened him sometimes . 
 but , it seemed weaker around vin . 
 that was all he had to go on for the moment . 
 he accepted his tea from the serving girl-long braid , firm chest , homely features-and took a sip of the hot cinnamon . 
 straff raised his own cup , then hesitated , sniffing delicately . 
 he eyed zane . 
 `` poisoned tea , zane ? '' 
 zane said nothing . 
 `` birchbane , too , '' straff noted . 
 `` that 's a depressingly unoriginal move for you . '' 
 zane said nothing . 
 straff made a cutting motion . 
 the girl looked up with terror as one of straff 's guards stepped toward her . 
 she glanced at zane , expecting some sort of aid , but he just looked away . 
 she yelled pathetically as the guard pulled her off to be executed . 
 she wanted the chance to kill him , he thought . 
 i told her it probably would n't work . 
 straff just shook his head . 
 though not a full mistborn , the king was a tineye . 
 still , even for one with such an ability , sniffing birchbane amid the cinnamon was an impressive feat . 
 `` zane , zane ... '' straff said . 
 `` what would you do if you actually managed to kill me ? '' 
 if i actually wanted to kill you , zane thought , i 'd use that knife , not poison . 
 but , he let straff think what he wished . 
 the king expected assassination attempts . 
 so zane provided them . 
 straff held something up-a small bead of atium . 
 `` i was going to give you this , zane . 
 but i see that we 'll have to wait . 
 you need to get over these foolish attempts on my life . 
 if you were ever to succeed , where would you get your atium ? '' 
 straff did n't understand , of course . 
 he thought that atium was like a drug , and assumed that mistborn relished using it . 
 therefore , he thought he could control zane with it . 
 zane let the man continue in his misapprehension , never explaining that he had his own personal stockpile of the metal . 
 that , however , brought him to face the real question that dominated his life . 
 god 's whispers were returning , now that the pain was fading . 
 and , of all the people the voice whispered about , straff venture was the one who most deserved to die . 
 `` why ? '' 
 god asked . 
 `` why wo n't you kill him ? '' 
 zane looked down at his feet . 
 because he 's my father , he thought , finally admitting his weakness . 
 other men did what they had to . 
 they were stronger than zane . 
 `` you 're insane , zane , '' straff said . 
 zane looked up . 
 `` do you really think you could conquer the empire yourself , if you were to kill me ? 
 considering your ... particular malady , do you think you could run even a city ? '' 
 zane looked away . 
 `` no . '' 
 straff nodded . 
 `` i 'm glad we both understand that . '' 
 `` you should just attack , '' zane said . 
 `` we can find the atium once we control luthadel . '' 
 straff smiled , then sipped the tea . 
 the poisoned tea . 
 despite himself , zane started , sitting up straight . 
 `` do n't presume to think you know what i 'm planning , zane , '' straff said . 
 `` you do n't understand half as much as you assume . '' 
 zane sat quietly , watching his father drink the last of the tea . 
 `` what of your spy ? '' 
 straff asked . 
 zane lay the note on the table . 
 `` he 's worried that they might suspect him . 
 he has found no information about the atium . '' 
 straff nodded , setting down the empty cup . 
 `` you 'll return to the city and continue to befriend the girl . '' 
 zane nodded slowly , then turned and left the tent . 
 straff thought he could feel the birchbane already , seeping through his veins , making him tremble . 
 he forced himself to remain in control . 
 waiting for a few moments . 
 once he was sure zane was distant , he called for a guard . 
 `` bring me amaranta ! '' 
 straff ordered . 
 `` quickly ! '' 
 the soldier rushed to do his master 's bidding . 
 straff sat quietly , tent rustling in the evening breeze , a puff of mist floating to the floor from the once open flap . 
 he burned tin , enhancing his senses . 
 yes ... he could feel the poison within him . 
 deadening his nerves . 
 he had time , however . 
 as long as an hour , perhaps , and so he relaxed . 
 for a man who claimed he did n't want to kill straff , zane certainly spent a lot of effort trying . 
 fortunately , straff had a tool even zane did n't know about-one that came in the form of a woman . 
 straff smiled as his tin-enhanced ears heard soft footsteps approaching in the night . 
 the soldiers sent amaranta right in . 
 straff had n't brought all of his mistresses with him on the trip-just his ten or fifteen favorites . 
 mixed in with the ones he was currently bedding , however , were some women that he kept for their effectiveness rather than their beauty . 
 amaranta was a good example . 
 she had been quite attractive a decade before , but now she was creeping up into her late twenties . 
 her br ** sts had begun to sag from childbirth , and every time straff looked at her , he noticed the wrinkles that were appearing on her forehead and around her eyes . 
 he got rid of most women long before they reached her age . 
 this one , however , had skills that were useful . 
 if zane heard that straff had sent for the woman this night , he 'd assume that straff had simply wanted to bed her . 
 he 'd be wrong . 
 `` my lord , '' amaranta said , getting down on her knees . 
 she began to disrobe . 
 well , at least she 's optimistic , straff thought . 
 he would have thought that after four years without being called to his bed , she would understand . 
 did n't women realize when they were too old to be attractive ? 
 `` keep your clothing on , woman , '' he snapped . 
 amaranta 's face fell , and she laid her hands in her lap , leaving her dress half undone , one breast exposed-as if she were trying to tempt him with her aging nudity . 
 `` i need your antidote , '' he said . 
 `` quickly . '' 
 `` which one , my lord ? '' 
 she asked . 
 she was n't the only herbalist straff kept ; he learned scents and tastes from four different people . 
 amaranta , however , was the best of them . 
 `` birchbane , '' straff said . 
 `` and ... maybe something else . 
 i 'm not sure . '' 
 `` another general potion , then , my lord ? '' 
 amaranta asked . 
 straff nodded curtly . 
 amaranta rose , walking to his poison cabinet . 
 she lit the burner at the side , boiling a small pot of water as she quickly mixed powders , herbs , and liquids . 
 the concoction was her particular specialty-a mixture of all of the basic poison antidotes , remedies , and reagents in her repertoire . 
 straff suspected that zane had used the birchbane to cover something else . 
 whatever it was , however , amaranta 's concoction would deal with-or at least identify-it . 
 straff waited uncomfortably as amaranta worked , still half nak * d . 
 the concoction needed to be prepared freshly each time , but it was worth the wait . 
 she eventually brought him a steaming mug . 
 straff gulped it , forcing down the harsh liquid despite its bitterness . 
 immediately , he began to feel better . 
 he sighed-another trap avoided-as he drank the rest of the cup to be certain . 
 amaranta knelt expectantly again . 
 `` go , '' straff ordered . 
 amaranta nodded quietly . 
 she put her arm back through the dress 's sleeve , then retreated from the tent . 
 straff sat stewing , empty cup cooling in his hand . 
 he knew he held the edge . 
 as long as he appeared strong before zane , the mistborn would continue to do as commanded . 
 probably . 
 if only i had passed over alendi when looking for an assistant , all those years ago . 
 19 sazed unclasped his final steelmind . 
 he held it up , the braceletlike band of metal glistening in the red sunlight . 
 to another man , it might seem valuable . 
 to sazed , it was now just another empty husk-a simple steel bracelet . 
 he could refill it if he wished , but for the moment he did n't consider the weight worth carrying . 
 with a sigh , he dropped the bracelet . 
 it fell with a clank , tossing up a puff of ash from the ground . 
 five months of storing , of spending every fifth day drained of speed , my body moving as if impeded by a thick molasses . 
 and now it 's all gone . 
 the loss had purchased something valuable , however . 
 in just six days of travel , using steelminds on occasion , he had traveled the equivalent of six weeks ' worth of walking . 
 according to his cartography coppermind , luthadel was now a little over a week away . 
 sazed felt good about the expenditure . 
 perhaps he 'd overreacted to the deaths he 'd found in the little southern village . 
 perhaps there was no need for him to hurry . 
 but , he 'd created the steelmind to be used . 
 he hefted his pack , which was much lighter than it had been . 
 though many of his metalminds were small , they were heavy in aggregate . 
 he 'd decided to discard some of the less valuable or less full ones as he ran . 
 just like the steel bracelet , which he left sitting in the ash behind him as he went on . 
 he was definitely in the central dominance now . 
 he 'd passed faleast and tyrian , two of the northern ashmounts . 
 tyrian was still just barely visible to the south-a tall , solitary peak with a cut-off , blackened top . 
 the landscape had grown flat , the trees changing from patchy brown pines to the willowy white aspens common around luthadel . 
 the aspens rose like bones growing from the black soil , clumping , their ashen white bark scarred and twisted . 
 they - sazed paused . 
 he stood near the central canal , one of the main routes to luthadel . 
 the canal was empty of boats at the moment ; travelers were rare these days , even more rare than they had been during the final empire , for bandits were far more common . 
 sazed had outrun several groups of them during his hurried flight to luthadel . 
 no , solitary travelers were rare . 
 armies were far more common-and , judging from the several dozen trails of smoke he saw rising ahead of him , he had run afoul of one . 
 it stood directly between him and luthadel . 
 he thought quietly for a moment , flakes of ash beginning to fall lightly around him . 
 it was midday ; if that army had scouts , sazed would have a very difficult time getting around it . 
 in addition , his steelminds were empty . 
 he would n't be able to run from pursuit . 
 and yet , an army within a week of luthadel ... whose was it , and what threat did it pose ? 
 his curiosity , the curiosity of a scholar , prodded him to seek a vantage from which to study the troops . 
 vin and the others could use any information he gathered . 
 decision made , sazed located a hill with a particularly large stand of aspens . 
 he dropped his pack at the base of a tree , then pulled out an ironmind and began to fill it . 
 he felt the familiar sensation of decreased weight , and he easily climbed to the top of the thin tree-his body was now light enough that it did n't take much strength to pull himself upward . 
 hanging from the very tip of the tree , sazed tapped his tinmind . 
 the edges of his vision fuzzed , as always , but with the increased vision he could make out details about the large group settled into a hollow before him . 
 he was right about it being an army . 
 he was wrong about it being made up of men . 
 `` by the forgotten gods ... '' sazed whispered , so shocked that he nearly lost his grip . 
 the army was organized in only the most simplistic and primitive way . 
 there were no tents , no vehicles , no horses . 
 just hundreds of large cooking fires , each ringed with figures . 
 and those figures were of a deep blue . 
 they varied greatly in size ; some were just five feet tall , others were lumbering hulks of ten feet or more . 
 they were both the same species , sazed knew . 
 koloss . 
 the creatures-though similar to men in base form-never stopped growing . 
 they simply continued to get bigger as they aged , growing until their hearts could no longer support them . 
 then they died , killed by their body 's own growth imperative . 
 before they died , however , they got very large . 
 and very dangerous . 
 sazed dropped from the tree , making his body light enough that he hit the ground softly . 
 he hurriedly searched through his copperminds . 
 when he found the one he wanted , he strapped it to his upper left arm , then climbed back up the tree . 
 he searched an index quickly . 
 somewhere , he 'd taken notes on a book about the koloss-he 'd studied it trying to decide if the creatures had a religion . 
 he 'd had someone repeat the notes back to him , so he could store them in the coppermind . 
 he had the book memorized , too , of course , but placing so much information directly in his mind would ruin the - there , he thought , recovering the notes . 
 he tapped them from the coppermind , filling his mind with knowledge . 
 most koloss bodies gave out before they reached twenty years of age . 
 the more `` ancient '' creatures were often a massive twelve feet in height , with stocky , powerful bodies . 
 however , few koloss lived that long-and not just because of heart failure . 
 their society-if it could be called that-was extremely violent . 
 excitement suddenly overcoming apprehension , sazed tapped tin for vision again , searching through the thousands of blue humanoids , trying to get visual proof of what he 'd read . 
 it was n't hard to find fights . 
 scuffles around the fires seemed common , and , interestingly , they were always between koloss of nearly the same size . 
 sazed magnified his view even further-gripping the tree tightly to overcome the nausea-and got his first good look at a koloss . 
 it was a creature of smaller size-perhaps six feet tall . 
 it was man-shaped , with two arms and legs , though its neck was hard to distinguish . 
 it was completely bald . 
 the oddest feature , however , was its blue skin , which hung loose and folded . 
 the creature looked like a fat man might , had all his fat been drained away , leaving the stretched skin behind . 
 and ... the skin did n't seem to be connected very well . 
 around the creature 's red , blood-drop eyes , the skin sagged , revealing the facial muscles . 
 the same was true around the mouth : the skin sagged a few inches below the chin , the lower teeth and jaw completely exposed . 
 it was a stomach-turning sight , especially for a man who was already nauseated . 
 the creature 's ears hung low , flopping down beside its jawline . 
 its nose was formless and loose , with no cartilage supporting it . 
 skin hung baggily from the creature 's arms and legs , and its only clothing was a crude loincloth . 
 sazed turned , selecting a larger creature-one perhaps eight feet tall-to study . 
 the skin on this beast was n't as loose , but it still did n't seem to fit quite right . 
 its nose twisted at a crooked angle , pulled flat against the face by an enlarged head that sat on a stumpy neck . 
 the creature turned to leer at a companion , and again , the skin around its mouth did n't quite fit : the lips did n't close completely , and the holes around the eyes were too big , so they exposed the muscles beneath . 
 like ... a person wearing a mask made of skin , sazed thought , trying to push away his disgust . 
 so ... their body continues to grow , but their skin does n't ? 
 his thought was confirmed as a massive , ten-foot-tall beast of a koloss wandered into the group . 
 smaller creatures scattered before this newcomer , who thumped up to the fire , where several horses were roasting . 
 this largest creature 's skin was pulled so tight it was beginning to tear . 
 the hairless blue flesh had ripped around the eyes , at the edges of the mouth , and around the massive chest muscles . 
 sazed could see little trails of red blood dripping from the rips . 
 even where the skin was n't torn , it was pulled taut-the nose and ears were so flat they were almost indistinguishable from the flesh around them . 
 suddenly , sazed 's study did n't seem so academic . 
 koloss had come to the central dominance . 
 creatures so violent and uncontrollable that the lord ruler had been forced to keep them away from civilization . 
 sazed extinguished his tinmind , welcoming the return to normal vision . 
 he had to get to luthadel and warn the others . 
 if they - sazed froze . 
 one problem with enhancing his vision was that he temporarily lost the ability to see close up-so it was n't odd that he had n't noticed the koloss patrol surrounding his aspens . 
 by the forgotten gods ! 
 he held firm to the tip of the tree , thinking quickly . 
 several koloss were already pushing their way into the stand . 
 if he dropped to the ground , he 'd be too slow to escape . 
 as always , he wore a pewtermind ; he could easily become as strong as ten men , and maintain it for a good amount of time . 
 he could fight , perhaps ... yet , the koloss carried crude-looking , but massive , swords . 
 sazed 's notes , his memory , and his lore all agreed : koloss were very dangerous warriors . 
 strong as ten men or not , sazed would n't have the skill to defeat them . 
 `` come down , '' called a deep , slurred voice from below . 
 `` come down now . '' 
 sazed looked down . 
 a large koloss , skin just beginning to stretch , stood at the tree 's base . 
 it gave the aspen a shake . 
 `` come down now , '' the creature repeated . 
 the lips do n't work very well , sazed thought . 
 he sounds like a man trying to talk without moving his lips . 
 he was n't surprised that the creature could talk ; his notes mentioned that . 
 he was , however , surprised at how calm it sounded . 
 i could run , he thought . 
 he could keep to the tops of trees , perhaps cross the distance between patches of aspens by dropping his metalminds and trying to ride gusts of wind . 
 but it would be very difficult-and very unpredictable . 
 and he would have to leave his copperminds-a thousand years of history-behind . 
 so , pewtermind ready in case he needed strength , sazed let go of the tree . 
 the koloss leader-sazed could only assume that was what he was-watched sazed fall to the ground with a red-eyed stare . 
 the creature did not blink . 
 sazed wondered if it even could blink , its skin stretched as it was . 
 sazed plunked to the ground beside the tree , then reached for his pack . 
 `` no , '' the koloss snapped , grabbing the pack with an inhumanly quick swipe of the arm . 
 it tossed the pack to another koloss . 
 `` i need that , '' sazed said . 
 `` i will be much more cooperative if - '' `` quiet ! '' 
 the koloss yelled with a rage so sudden that sazed took a step backward . 
 terrismen were tall-especially terrismen eunuchs-and it was very disconcerting to be dwarfed by this beastly creature , well over nine feet in height , its skin a blackish blue , its eyes the color of the sun at dusk . 
 it loomed over sazed , and he cringed in spite of himself . 
 apparently , that was the proper reaction , for the lead koloss nodded and turned away . 
 `` come , '' it slurred , lumbering through the small aspen forest . 
 the other koloss-about seven of them-followed . 
 sazed did n't want to find out what would happen if he disobeyed . 
 he chose a god-duis , a god once said to watch over wearied travelers-and said a quick , silent prayer . 
 then he hurried forward , staying with the pack of koloss as they walked toward the camp . 
 at least they did n't kill me out of hand , sazed thought . 
 he 'd half expected that , considering what he 'd read . 
 of course , even the books did n't know much . 
 the koloss had been kept separate from mankind for centuries ; the lord ruler only called upon them in times of great martial need , to quell revolts , or to conquer new societies discovered on the inner islands . 
 at those times , the koloss had caused absolute destruction and slaughter-or so the histories claimed . 
 could all that have been propaganda ? 
 sazed wondered . 
 maybe the koloss are n't as violent as we assumed . 
 one of the koloss beside sazed howled in sudden anger . 
 sazed spun as the koloss jumped at one of its companions . 
 the creature ignored the sword on its back , instead punching his enemy 's head with a blocky fist . 
 the others paused , turning to watch the fight , but none of them seemed alarmed . 
 sazed watched with growing horror as the aggressor proceeded to repeatedly pummel his enemy . 
 the defender tried to protect himself , getting out a dagger and managing to score a cut on the aggressor 's arm . 
 the blue skin tore , seeping bright red blood , as the aggressor got his hands around his opponent 's thick head and twisted . 
 there was a snap . 
 the defender stopped moving . 
 the aggressor removed the sword from his victim 's back and strapped it on beside his own weapon , then removed a small pouch that was tied beside the sword . 
 after that , he stood , ignoring the wound on his arm , and the group began to walk again . 
 `` why ? '' 
 sazed asked , shocked . 
 `` what was that for ? '' 
 the wounded koloss turned around . 
 `` i hated him , '' he said . 
 `` move ! '' 
 the lead koloss snapped at sazed . 
 sazed forced himself to start walking . 
 they left the corpse lying in the road . 
 the pouches , he thought , trying to find something to focus on besides the brutality . 
 they all carry those pouches . 
 the koloss kept them tied to their swords . 
 they did n't carry the weapons in sheaths ; they were simply bound on their backs with leather straps . 
 and tied to those straps were pouches . 
 sometimes there was just one , though the two largest creatures in the group each had several . 
 they look like coin pouches , sazed thought . 
 but , the koloss do n't have an economy . 
 perhaps they keep personal possessions in them ? 
 but what would beasts like these value ? 
 they entered the camp . 
 there did n't appear to be sentries at the borders-but , then , why would guards be necessary ? 
 it would be very difficult for a human to sneak into this camp . 
 a group of smaller koloss-the five-foot-tall ones-rushed forward as soon as the group arrived . 
 the murderer threw his extra sword to one of them , then pointed into the distance . 
 he kept the pouch for himself , and the small ones rushed off , following the road in the direction of the body . 
 burial detail ? 
 sazed wondered . 
 he walked uncomfortably behind his captors as they penetrated into the camp . 
 beasts of all sorts were being roasted over the firepits , though sazed did n't think any of them had once been human . 
 in addition , the ground around the camp had been completely stripped of plant life , as if it had been grazed by a group of particularly aggressive goats . 
 and , according to his coppermind , that was n't far off the truth . 
 koloss could , apparently , subsist on practically anything . 
 they preferred meat , but would eat any kind of plant-even grass , going so far as to pull it up by the roots to eat . 
 some reports even spoke of them eating dirt and ash , though sazed found that a little difficult to believe . 
 he continued to walk . 
 the camp smelled of smoke , grime , and a strange musk that he assumed was koloss body odor . 
 some of the creatures turned as he passed , watching him with steady red eyes . 
 it 's like they only have two emotions , he thought , jumping as a fireside koloss suddenly screamed and attacked a companion . 
 they 're either indifferent or they 're enraged . 
 what would it take to set them all off at once ? 
 and ... what kind of a disaster would they cause if that happened ? 
 he nervously revised his earlier thoughts . 
 no , the koloss had not been maligned . 
 the stories he had heard-stories of koloss running wild in the farmost dominance , causing widespread destruction and death-were obviously true . 
 but something kept this group marginally reined in . 
 the lord ruler had been able to control the koloss , though no book explained how . 
 most writers simply accepted this ability as part of what had made the lord ruler god . 
 the man had been immortal-compared with that , other powers seemed mundane . 
 his immortality , however , was a trick , sazed thought . 
 simply a clever combination of feruchemical and allomantic powers . 
 the lord ruler had been just a normal man-albeit one with an unusual combination of abilities and opportunities . 
 that being the case , how had he controlled the koloss ? 
 there was something different about the lord ruler . 
 something more than his powers . 
 he did something at the well of ascension , something that forever changed the world . 
 perhaps his ability to control the koloss came from that . 
 sazed 's captors ignored the occasional fights around firepits . 
 there did n't appear to be any female koloss in the camp-or , if there were , they were indistinguishable from the males . 
 sazed did , however , notice a koloss corpse lying forgotten near one of the fires . 
 it had been flayed , the blue skin ripped free . 
 how could any society exist like this ? 
 he thought with horror . 
 his books said the koloss bred and aged quickly-a fortunate situation for them , considering the number of deaths he had already seen . 
 even so , it seemed to him that this species killed too many of its members to continue . 
 yet they did continue . 
 unfortunately . 
 the keeper in him believed strongly that nothing should be lost , that every society was worth remembering . 
 however , the brutality of the koloss camp-the wounded creatures who sat , ignoring the gashes in their skin , the flayed corpses along the path , the sudden bellows of anger and subsequent murders-tested this belief . 
 his captors led him around a small hillock in the land , and sazed paused as he saw something very unexpected . 
 a tent . 
 `` go , '' the lead koloss said , pointing . 
 sazed frowned . 
 there were several dozen humans outside the tent , carrying spears and dressed like imperial guards . 
 the tent was large , and behind it stood a line of boxy carts . 
 `` go ! '' 
 the koloss yelled . 
 sazed did as he was told . 
 behind him , one of the koloss indifferently tossed sazed 's pack toward the human guards . 
 the metalminds inside clinked together as they hit the ashy ground , causing sazed to cringe . 
 the soldiers watched the koloss retreat with a wary eye ; then one picked up the pack . 
 another leveled his spear at sazed . 
 sazed held up his hands . 
 `` i am sazed , a keeper of terris , once steward , now teacher . 
 i am not your enemy . '' 
 `` yes , well , '' the guard said , still watching the retreating koloss . 
 `` you 're still going to have to come with me . '' 
 `` may i have my possessions back ? '' 
 sazed asked . 
 this hollow appeared free of koloss ; apparently , the human soldiers wanted to keep their distance . 
 the first guard turned to his companion , who was perusing sazed 's pack . 
 the second guard looked up and shrugged . 
 `` no weapons . 
 some bracelets and rings , maybe worth something . '' 
 `` none of them are of precious metals , '' sazed said . 
 `` they are the tools of a keeper , and are of little value to anyone but myself . '' 
 the second guard shrugged , handing the bag to the first man . 
 both were of standard central dominance coloring-dark hair , light skin , the build and height of those who 'd had proper nutrition as children . 
 the first guard was the older of the two , and was obviously in charge . 
 he took the bag from his companion . 
 `` we 'll see what his majesty says . '' 
 ah , sazed thought . 
 `` let us speak with him then . '' 
 the guard turned , pushing aside the tent door and motioning for sazed to enter . 
 sazed stepped from red sunlight into a functional-if sparsely furnished-tent room . 
 this main chamber was large , and contained several more guards . 
 sazed had seen perhaps two dozen so far . 
 the lead guard walked forward and poked his head into a room at the back . 
 a few moments later , he waved sazed forward and pulled back the tent door . 
 sazed entered the second chamber . 
 the man inside wore the pants and suit jacket of a luthadel nobleman . 
 he was balding-his hair reduced to a few struggling wisps-despite his youth . 
 he stood , tapping the side of his leg with a nervous hand , and jumped slightly when sazed entered . 
 sazed recognized the man . 
 `` jastes lekal . '' 
 `` king lekal , '' jastes snapped . 
 `` do i know you , terrisman ? '' 
 `` we have not met , your majesty , '' sazed said , `` but i have had some dealings with a friend of yours , i think . 
 king elend venture of luthadel ? '' 
 jastes nodded absently . 
 `` my men say the koloss brought you . 
 they found you poking around the camp ? '' 
 `` yes , your majesty , '' sazed said carefully , watching as jastes began to pace . 
 this man is n't much more stable than the army he apparently leads , he thought with dissatisfaction . 
 `` how is it that you have persuaded the creatures to serve you ? '' 
 `` you are a prisoner , terrisman , '' jastes snapped . 
 `` no questions . 
 did elend send you to spy on me ? '' 
 `` i was sent by no man , '' sazed said . 
 `` you happened to be in my path , your majesty . 
 i meant no harm by my observations . '' 
 jastes paused , eyeing sazed , before beginning to pace again . 
 `` well , never mind . 
 i 've been without a proper steward for some time now . 
 you will serve me now . '' 
 `` i apologize , your majesty , '' sazed said , bowing slightly . 
 `` but that will not be possible . '' 
 jastes frowned . 
 `` you 're a steward-i can tell that from the robes . 
 is elend so great a master that you would deny me ? '' 
 `` elend venture is not my master , your majesty , '' sazed said , meeting the young king 's eyes . 
 `` now that we are free , the terrismen no longer call any man master . 
 i can not be your servant , for i can be no man 's servant . 
 keep me as prisoner , if you must . 
 but i will not serve you . 
 i apologize . '' 
 jastes paused again . 
 instead of being angry , however , he simply seemed ... embarrassed . 
 `` i see . '' 
 `` your majesty , '' sazed said calmly , `` i realize that you commanded me to ask no questions , so i will instead make observations . 
 you appear to have placed yourself in a very poor position . 
 i know not how you control these koloss , but i can not help but think that your grip is tenuous . 
 you are in danger , and you appear intent on sharing that danger with others . '' 
 jastes flushed . 
 `` your ` observations ' are flawed , terrisman . 
 i am in control of this army . 
 they obey me completely . 
 how many other noblemen have you seen gather koloss armies ? 
 none-only i have been successful . '' 
 `` they do not seem very much under control , your majesty . '' 
 `` oh ? '' 
 jastes asked . 
 `` and did they tear you apart when they found you ? 
 pummel you to death for sport ? 
 ram a stick through you and roast you over one of their fires ? 
 no . 
 they do n't do these things because i commanded them otherwise . 
 it may not seem like much , terrisman , but trust me-this is a sign of great restraint and obedience for koloss . '' 
 `` civilization is no great achievement , your majesty . '' 
 `` do not try me , terrisman ! '' 
 jastes snapped , running a hand through the remnants of his hair . 
 `` these are koloss we speak of-we ca n't expect much from them . '' 
 `` and you bring them to luthadel ? '' 
 sazed asked . 
 `` even the lord ruler feared these creatures , your majesty . 
 he kept them away from cities . 
 you bring them to the most populated area in all of the final empire ! '' 
 `` you do n't understand , '' jastes said . 
 `` i tried overtures of peace , but nobody listens unless you have money or an army . 
 well , i have one , and i 'll soon have the other . 
 i know elend 's sitting on that stash of atium-and i 'm just come to ... to make an alliance with him . '' 
 `` an alliance where you take over control of the city ? '' 
 `` bah ! '' 
 jastes said with a wave of his hand . 
 `` elend does n't control luthadel-he 's just a placeholder waiting for someone more powerful to come along . 
 he 's a good man , but he 's an innocent idealist . 
 he 's going to lose his throne to one army or another , and i 'll give him a better deal than cett or straff will , that 's certain . '' 
 cett ? 
 straff ? 
 what kind of trouble has young venture gotten himself into ? 
 sazed shook his head . 
 `` somehow i doubt that a ` better deal ' involves the use of koloss , your majesty . '' 
 jastes frowned . 
 `` you certainly are smart-mouthed , terrisman . 
 you 're a sign-your entire people are a sign-of what has gone wrong with the world . 
 i used to respect the terris people . 
 there 's no shame in being a good servant . '' 
 `` there 's often little pride in it either , '' sazed said . 
 `` but , i apologize for my attitude , your majesty . 
 it is not a manifestation of terris independence . 
 i have always been too free with my comments , i think . 
 i never made the best of stewards . '' 
 or the best of keepers , he added to himself . 
 `` bah , '' jastes said again , resuming his pacing . 
 `` your majesty , '' sazed said . 
 `` i must continue to luthadel . 
 there are ... events i need to deal with . 
 think what you will of my people , but you must know that we are honest . 
 the work i do is beyond politics and wars , thrones and armies . 
 it is important for all men . '' 
 `` scholars always say things like that , '' jastes said . 
 he paused . 
 `` elend always said things like that . '' 
 `` regardless , '' sazed continued , `` i must be allowed to leave . 
 in exchange for my freedom , i will deliver a message from you to his majesty king elend , if you wish . '' 
 `` i could send a messenger of my own at any time ! '' 
 `` and leave yourself with one less man to protect you from the koloss ? '' 
 sazed said . 
 jastes paused just briefly . 
 ah , so he does fear them . 
 good . 
 at least he 's not insane . 
 `` i will be leaving , your majesty , '' sazed said . 
 `` i do not mean to be arrogant , but i can see that you do n't have the resources to keep prisoners . 
 you can let me go , or you can give me to the koloss . 
 i would be wary , however , of letting them get into a habit of killing humans . '' 
 jastes eyed him . 
 `` fine , '' he said . 
 `` deliver this message , then . 
 tell elend that i do n't care if he knows i 'm coming-i do n't even care if you give our numbers . 
 be sure you 're accurate , though ! 
 i have over twenty thousand koloss in this army . 
 he ca n't fight me . 
 he ca n't fight the others , either . 
 but , if i had those city walls ... well , i could hold off both other armies for him . 
 tell him to be logical . 
 if he gives over the atium , i 'll even let him keep luthadel . 
 we can be neighbors . 
 allies . '' 
 one bankrupt of coin , the other bankrupt of common sense , sazed thought . 
 `` very well , your majesty . 
 i will speak with elend . 
 i will need the return of my possessions , however . '' 
 the king waved a hand in annoyance , and sazed withdrew , waiting quietly as the lead guard entered the king 's chambers again and received his orders . 
 as he waited for the soldiers to prepare-his pack thankfully returned to him-sazed thought about what jastes had said . 
 cett or straff . 
 just how many forces were working on elend to take his city ? 
 if sazed had wanted a quiet place to study , he 'd apparently chosen the wrong direction to run . 
 it was n't until a few years later that i began to notice the signs . 
 i knew the prophecies-i am a terris worldbringer , after all . 
 and yet , not all of us are religious men ; some , such as myself , are more interested in other topics . 
 however , during my time with alendi , i could not help but become more interested in the anticipation . 
 he seemed to fit the signs so well . 
 20 `` this is going to be dangerous , your majesty , '' dockson said . 
 `` it 's our only option , '' elend said . 
 he stood behind his table ; it was , as usual , stacked with books . 
 he was backlit by the study 's window , and its colors fell upon the back of his white uniform , dyeing it a brilliant maroon . 
 he certainly does look more commanding in that outfit , vin thought , sitting in elend 's plush reading chair , oreseur resting patiently on the floor beside her . 
 she still was n't sure what to think of the changes in elend . 
 she knew the alterations were mostly visual-new clothing , new haircut-but other things about him seemed to be changing as well . 
 he stood up straighter when he spoke , and was more authoritative . 
 he was even training in the sword and the cane . 
 vin glanced at tindwyl . 
 the matronly terriswoman sat in a stiff chair at the back of the room , watching the proceedings . 
 she had perfect posture , and was ladylike in her colorful skirt and blouse . 
 she did n't sit with her legs folded beneath her , as vin currently did , and she 'd never wear trousers . 
 what is it about her ? 
 vin thought . 
 i 've spent a year trying to get elend to practice his swordsmanship . 
 tindwyl 's been here less than a month , and she already has him sparring . 
 why did vin feel bitter ? 
 elend would n't change that much , would he ? 
 she tried to quiet the little piece of her that worried about this new confident , well-dressed warrior of a king-worried that he would turn out to be different from the man she loved . 
 what if he stopped needing her ? 
 she pulled down into the chair just a little bit farther as elend continued to speak with ham , dox , clubs , and breeze . 
 `` el , '' ham said , `` you realize that if you go into the enemy camp , we wo n't be able to protect you . '' 
 `` i 'm not sure you can protect me here , ham , '' elend said . 
 `` not with two armies camped practically against the walls . '' 
 `` true , '' dockson said , `` but i 'm worried that if you enter that camp , you 'll never come out . '' 
 `` only if i fail , '' elend said . 
 `` if i follow the plan-convince my father that we 're his allies-he 'll let me return . 
 i did n't spend a lot of time politicking in the court when i was younger . 
 however , one thing i did learn to do was manipulate my father . 
 i know straff venture-and i know that i can beat him . 
 besides , he does n't want me dead . '' 
 `` can we be sure of that ? '' 
 ham asked , rubbing his chin . 
 `` yes , '' elend said . 
 `` after all , straff has n't sent assassins after me , while cett has . 
 it makes sense . 
 what better person for straff to leave in control of luthadel than his own son ? 
 he thinks he can control me-he 'll assume that he can make me give him luthadel . 
 if i play into that , i should be able to get him to attack cett . '' 
 `` he does have a point ... '' ham said . 
 `` yes , '' dockson said , `` but what is to keep straff from just taking you hostage and forcing his way into luthadel ? '' 
 `` he 'll still have cett at his back , '' elend said . 
 `` if he fights us , he 'll lose men-a lot of men-and expose himself to attack from behind . '' 
 `` but he 'll have you , my dear man , '' breeze said . 
 `` he would n't have to attack luthadel-he could force us to give in . '' 
 `` you 'll have orders to let me die first '' elend said . 
 `` that 's why i set up the assembly . 
 it has the power to choose a new king . '' 
 `` but why ? '' 
 ham asked . 
 `` why take this risk , el ? 
 let 's wait a bit longer and see if we can get straff to meet with you in a more neutral location . '' 
 elend sighed . 
 `` you have to listen to me , ham . 
 siege or no siege , we ca n't just sit here . 
 if we do , either we 'll get starved out , or one of those armies will decide to break the siege and attack us , hoping to take our walls , then turn and immediately defend against its enemies . 
 they wo n't do that easily , but it could happen . 
 it will happen , if we do n't begin to play the kings against one another . '' 
 the room fell silent . 
 the others slowly turned toward clubs , who nodded . 
 he agreed . 
 good job , elend , vin thought . 
 `` someone has to meet with my father , '' elend said . 
 `` and , i need to be that person . 
 straff thinks i am a fool , so i can convince him that i 'm no threat . 
 then , i 'll go and persuade cett that i 'm on his side . 
 when they finally attack each other-each one thinking we 're on their side-we 'll withdraw instead and force them to fight it out . 
 the winner wo n't have enough strength left to take the city from us ! '' 
 ham and breeze nodded their heads . 
 dockson , however , shook his . 
 `` the plan is good in theory , but going into the enemy camp unguarded ? 
 that seems foolish . '' 
 `` now , see , '' elend said . 
 `` i think this is to our advantage . 
 my father believes strongly in control and domination . 
 if i walk into his camp , i 'll essentially be telling him that i agree he has authority over me . 
 i 'll seem weak , and he 'll assume that he can take me whenever he wants . 
 it 's a risk , but if i do n't do this , we die . '' 
 the men eyed each other . 
 elend stood up a little straighter and pulled his hands into fists at his sides . 
 he always did that when he was nervous . 
 `` i 'm afraid that this is n't a discussion , '' elend said . 
 `` i 've made my decision . '' 
 they 're not going to accept a declaration like that , vin thought . 
 the crew were an independent lot . 
 yet , surprisingly , none of them objected . 
 dockson finally nodded his head . 
 `` all right , your majesty , '' he said . 
 `` you 're going to need to walk a dangerous line-make straff believe that he can count on our support , but also convince him that he can betray us at his leisure . 
 you have to make him want our strength of arms while at the same time dismissing our strength of will . '' 
 `` and , '' breeze added , `` you need to do so without him figuring out that you 're playing both sides . '' 
 `` can you do it ? '' 
 ham asked . 
 `` honestly , elend ? '' 
 elend nodded . 
 `` i can do it , ham . 
 i 've gotten much better at politics this last year . '' 
 he said the words with confidence , though vin noticed that he still had his fists clenched . 
 he 'll have to learn not to do that . 
 `` you may , perhaps , understand politics , '' breeze said , `` but this is scamming . 
 face it , my friend , you 're dreadfully honest-always talking about how to defend the rights of skaa and the like . '' 
 `` now , see , you 're being unfair , '' elend said . 
 `` honesty and good intentions are completely different . 
 why , i can be just as dishonest as - '' he paused . 
 `` why am i arguing this point ? 
 we admit what has to be done , and we know that i 'm the one who has to do it . 
 dox , would you draft a letter to my father ? 
 suggest that i would be happy to visit him . 
 in fact ... '' elend paused , glancing at vin . 
 then , he continued . 
 `` in fact , tell him that i want to discuss the future of luthadel , and because i want to introduce him to someone special . '' 
 ham chuckled . 
 `` ah , nothing like bringing a girl home to meet the father . '' 
 `` especially when that girl happens to be the most dangerous allomancer in the central dominance , '' breeze added . 
 `` you think he 'll agree to letting her come ? '' 
 dockson said . 
 `` if he does n't , there 's no deal , '' elend said . 
 `` make sure he knows that . 
 either way , i do think he 'll agree . 
 straff has a habit of underestimating me-probably with good reason . 
 however , i 'll bet that sentiment extends to vin as well . 
 he 'll assume she is n't as good as everyone says . '' 
 `` straff has his own mistborn , '' vin added . 
 `` to protect him . 
 it will only be fair for elend to be able to bring me . 
 and , if i 'm there , i can get him out should something go wrong . '' 
 ham chuckled again . 
 `` that probably would n't make for a very dignified retreat-getting slung over vin 's shoulder and carried to safety . '' 
 `` better than dying , '' elend said , obviously trying to act good-natured , but flushing slightly at the same time . 
 he loves me , but he 's still a man , vin thought . 
 how many times have i hurt his pride by being mistborn while he is simply a normal person ? 
 a lesser man would never have fallen in love with me . 
 but , does n't he deserve a woman that he feels he can protect ? 
 a woman who 's more like ... a woman ? 
 vin pulled down in her chair again , seeking warmth within its plushness . 
 however , it was elend 's study chair , where he read . 
 did n't he also deserve a woman who shared his interests , one who did n't find reading a chore ? 
 a woman with whom he could talk about his brilliant political theories ? 
 why am i thinking about our relationship so much lately ? 
 vin thought . 
 we do n't belong in their world , zane had said . 
 we belong here , in the mists . 
 you do n't belong with them ... `` there is something else i wanted to mention , your majesty , '' dockson said . 
 `` you should meet with the assembly . 
 they 've been growing impatient to get your ear-something about counterfeit coins being passed in luthadel . '' 
 `` i do n't really have time for city business right now , '' elend said . 
 `` the prime reason i set up the assembly was so that they could deal with these kinds of issues . 
 go ahead and send them a message , telling them that i trust their judgment . 
 apologize for me , and explain that i 'm seeing to the city 's defense . 
 i 'll try and make the assembly meeting next week . '' 
 dockson nodded , scribbling a note to himself . 
 `` though , '' he noted , `` that is something else to consider . 
 by meeting with straff , you 'll give up your hold on the assembly . '' 
 `` this is n't an official parlay , '' elend said . 
 `` just an informal meeting . 
 my resolution from before will still stand . '' 
 `` in all honesty , your majesty , '' dockson said , `` i highly doubt that they will see it that way . 
 you know how angry they are to be left without recourse until you decide to hold the parlay . '' 
 `` i know , '' elend said . 
 `` but the risk is worthwhile . 
 we need to meet with straff . 
 once that is done , i can return with-hopefully-good news for the assembly . 
 at that point , i can argue that the resolution has n't been fulfilled . 
 for now , the meeting goes forward . '' 
 more decisive indeed , vin thought . 
 he 's changing ... she had to stop thinking about things like that . 
 instead , she focused on something else . 
 the conversation turned to specific ways that elend could manipulate straff , each of the crewmembers giving him tips on how to scam effectively . 
 vin , however , found herself watching them , looking for discrepancies in their personalities , trying to decide if any of them might be the kandra spy . 
 was clubs being even quieter than normal ? 
 was spook 's shift in language patterns due to growing maturity , or because the kandra had difficulty mimicking his slang ? 
 was ham , perhaps , too jovial ? 
 he also seemed to focus less on his little philosophical puzzles than he once had . 
 was that because he was more serious now , or because the kandra did n't know how to imitate him properly ? 
 it was no good . 
 if she thought too much , she could spot seeming discrepancies in anyone . 
 yet , at the same time , they all seemed like themselves . 
 people were just too complex to reduce to simple personality traits . 
 plus , the kandra would be good-very good . 
 he would have a lifetime of training in the art of imitating others , and he had probably been planning his insertion for a long time . 
 it came down to allomancy , then . 
 with all of the activities surrounding the siege and her studies about the deepness , however , she had n't had a chance to test her friends . 
 as she thought about it , she admitted that the lack of time excuse was a weak one . 
 the truth was that she was probably distracting herself because the thought of one of the crew-one of her first group of friends-being a traitor was just too upsetting . 
 she had to get over that . 
 if there really were a spy in the group , that would be the end of them . 
 if the enemy kings found out about the tricks elend was planning ... this in mind , she tentatively burned bronze . 
 immediately , she sensed an allomantic pulse from breeze-dear , incorrigible breeze . 
 he was so good at allomancy that even vin could n't detect his touch most of the time , but he was also compulsive about using his power . 
 he was n't currently using it on her , however . 
 she closed her eyes , focusing . 
 once , long ago , marsh had tried to train her in the fine art of using bronze to read allomantic pulses . 
 she had n't realized at the time just how large a task he 'd begun . 
 when an allomancer burned a metal , they gave off an invisible , drumlike beat that only another allomancer burning bronze could sense . 
 the rhythm of these pulses-how quickly the beats came , the way they `` sounded '' - told exactly what metal was being burned . 
 it took practice , and was difficult , but vin was getting better at reading the pulses . 
 she focused . 
 breeze was burning brass-the internal , mental pushing metal . 
 and ... vin focused harder . 
 she could feel a pattern washing over her , a double dum-dum beat with each pulse . 
 they felt oriented to her right . 
 the pulses were washing against something else , something that was sucking them in . 
 elend . 
 breeze was focused on elend . 
 not surprising , considering the current discussion . 
 breeze was always pushing on the people he interacted with . 
 satisfied , vin sat back . 
 but then she paused . 
 marsh implied there was much more to bronze than many people thought . 
 i wonder ... she squeezed her eyes shut-ignoring the fact that any of the others who saw her would think her actions strange-and focused again on the allomantic pulses . 
 she flared the bronze , concentrating so hard she felt she 'd give herself a headache . 
 there was a. . . 
 vibration to the pulses . 
 but what that could mean , she was n't certain . 
 focus ! 
 she told herself . 
 however , the pulses stubbornly refused to yield any further information . 
 fine , she thought . 
 i 'll cheat . 
 she turned off her tin-she almost always had it on a little bit-then reached inside and burned the fourteenth metal . 
 duralumin . 
 the allomantic pulses became so loud ... so powerful ... she swore she could feel their vibrations shaking her apart . 
 they pounded like beats from a massive drum set right beside her . 
 but she got something from them . 
 anxiety , nervousness , worry , insecurity , anxiety , nervousness , worry - it was gone , her bronze expended in one massive flare of power . 
 vin opened her eyes ; no one in the room was looking at her except oreseur . 
 she felt drained . 
 the headache she 'd predicted before now came in full force , thudding inside her head like the tiny brother of the drum she 'd now banished . 
 however , she held to the information she 'd gleaned . 
 it had n't come in words , but feelings-and her first fear was that breeze was making these emotions appear . 
 anxiety , nervousness , worry . 
 however , she immediately realized that breeze was a soother . 
 if he focused on emotions , it would be the ones he was dampening . 
 the ones he was using his powers to soothe away . 
 she looked from him to elend . 
 why ... he 's making elend more confident ! 
 if elend stood a little taller , it was because breeze was quietly helping , soothing away anxiety and worry . 
 and breeze did this even as he argued and made his usual mocking comments . 
 vin studied the plump man , ignoring her headache , feeling a newfound sense of admiration . 
 she 'd always wondered just a little at breeze 's placement in the crew . 
 the other men were all , to an extent , idealists . 
 even clubs , beneath his crotchety exterior , had always struck her as a solidly good man . 
 breeze was different . 
 manipulative , a little selfish-he seemed like he 'd joined the crew for the challenge , not because he really wanted to help the skaa . 
 but , kelsier had always claimed that he 'd chosen his crew carefully , picking the men for their integrity , not just their skill . 
 perhaps breeze was n't an exception after all . 
 vin watched him pointing his cane at ham as he said something flippant . 
 and yet , on the inside , he was completely different . 
 you 're a good man , breeze , she thought , smiling to herself . 
 you just try your best to hide it . 
 and he also was n't the impostor . 
 she 'd known that before , of course ; breeze had n't been in the city when the kandra had made the switch . 
 however , having a second confirmation lifted a tiny bit of her burden . 
 now if she could just eliminate some of the others . 
 elend bid the crew farewell after the meeting . 
 dockson went to pen the requested letters , ham to go over security , clubs back to training the soldiers , and breeze to try and placate the assembly regarding elend 's lack of attention . 
 vin trailed out of the study , shooting him a glance , then eyeing tindwyl . 
 suspicious of her still , eh ? 
 elend thought with amusement . 
 he nodded reassuringly , and vin frowned , looking just a little annoyed . 
 he would have let her stay , but ... well , facing tindwyl was embarrassing enough alone . 
 vin left the room , wolfhound kandra at her side . 
 looks like she 's growing more attached to the creature , elend thought with satisfaction . 
 it was good to know that someone watched over her . 
 vin shut the door behind her , and elend sighed , rubbing his shoulder . 
 several weeks of training with the sword and cane were taking a lot out of him , and his body was bruised . 
 he tried to keep the pain from showing-or , rather , from letting tindwyl see him show the pain . 
 at least i proved that i 'm learning , he thought . 
 she had to see how well i did today . 
 `` well ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` you are an embarrassment , '' tindwyl said , standing before her chair . 
 `` so you like to say , '' elend said , walking forward to begin piling up a stack of books . 
 tindwyl said that he needed to let servants keep his study clean , something he 'd always resisted . 
 the clutter of books and papers felt right to him , and he certainly did n't want someone else moving them around . 
 with her standing there looking at him , however , it was difficult not to feel self-conscious about the mess . 
 he stacked another book on the pile . 
 `` surely you noticed how well i did , '' elend said . 
 `` i got them to let me go into straff 's camp . '' 
 `` you are king , elend venture , '' tindwyl said , arms folded . 
 `` nobody ` lets ' you do anything . 
 the first change in attitude has to be your own-you have to stop thinking that you need permission or agreement from those who follow you . '' 
 `` a king should lead by consent of his citizens , '' elend said . 
 `` i will not be another lord ruler . '' 
 `` a king should be strong , '' tindwyl said firmly . 
 `` he accepts counsel , but only when he asks for it . 
 he makes it clear that the final decision is his , not his counselors ' . 
 you need better control over your advisors . 
 if they do n't respect you , then your enemies wo n't either-and the masses never will . '' 
 `` ham and the others respect me . '' 
 tindwyl raised an eyebrow . 
 `` they do ! '' 
 `` what do they call you ? '' 
 elend shrugged . 
 `` they 're my friends . 
 they use my name . '' 
 `` or a close approximation of it . 
 right , ` el ' ? '' 
 elend flushed , setting one final book on the stack . 
 `` you 'd have me force my friends to address me by my title ? '' 
 `` yes , '' tindwyl said . 
 `` especially in public . 
 you should be addressed as ` your majesty , ' or at least as ` my lord . ' '' 
 `` i doubt ham would deal well with that , '' elend said . 
 `` he has some issues with authority . '' 
 `` he will get over them , '' tindwyl said , wiping her finger along a bookcase . 
 she did n't need to hold it up for elend to know there would be dust on its tip . 
 `` what about you ? '' 
 elend challenged . 
 `` me ? '' 
 `` you call me ` elend venture , ' not ` your majesty . ' '' 
 `` i am different , '' tindwyl said . 
 `` well , i do n't see why you should be . 
 you can call me ` your majesty ' from now on . '' 
 tindwyl smiled slyly . 
 `` very well , your majesty . 
 you can unclench your fists now . 
 you 're going to have to work on that-a statesman should not give visual clues of his nervousness . '' 
 elend glanced down , relaxing his hands . 
 `` all right . '' 
 `` in addition , '' tindwyl continued , `` you still hedge too much in your language . 
 it makes you seem timid and hesitant . '' 
 `` i 'm working on that . '' 
 `` do n't apologize unless you really mean it , '' tindwyl said . 
 `` and do n't make excuses . 
 you do n't need them . 
 a leader is often judged by how well he bears responsibility . 
 as king , everything that happens in your kingdom-regardless of who commits the act-is your fault . 
 you are even responsible for unavoidable events such as earthquakes or storms . '' 
 `` or armies , '' elend said . 
 tindwyl nodded . 
 `` or armies . 
 it is your responsibility to deal with these things , and if something goes wrong , it is your fault . 
 you simply have to accept this . '' 
 elend nodded , picking up a book . 
 `` now , let 's talk about guilt , '' tindwyl said , seating herself . 
 `` stop cleaning . 
 that is n't a job for a king . '' 
 elend sighed , setting down the book . 
 `` guilt , '' tindwyl said , `` does not become a king . 
 you have to stop feeling sorry for yourself . '' 
 `` you just told me everything that happens in the kingdom is my fault ! '' 
 `` it is . '' 
 `` how can i not feel guilty , then ? '' 
 `` you have to feel confident that your actions are the best , '' tindwyl explained . 
 `` you have to know that no matter how bad things get , they would be worse without you . 
 when disaster occurs , you take responsibility , but you do n't wallow or mope . 
 you are n't allowed that luxury ; guilt is for lesser men . 
 you simply need to do what is expected . '' 
 `` and that is ? '' 
 `` to make everything better . '' 
 `` great , '' elend said flatly . 
 `` and if i fail ? '' 
 `` then you accept responsibility , and make everything better on the second try . '' 
 elend rolled his eyes . 
 `` and what if i ca n't ever make things better ? 
 what if i 'm really not the best man to be king ? '' 
 `` then you remove yourself from the position , '' tindwyl said . 
 `` suicide is the preferred method-assuming , of course , that you have an heir . 
 a good king knows not to foul up the succession . '' 
 `` of course , '' elend said . 
 `` so , you 're saying i should just kill myself . '' 
 `` no . 
 i 'm telling you to have pride in yourself , your majesty . '' 
 `` that 's not what it sounds like . 
 every day you tell me how poor a king i am , and how my people will suffer because of it ! 
 tindwyl , i 'm not the best man for this position . 
 he got himself killed by the lord ruler . '' 
 `` that is enough ! '' 
 tindwyl snapped . 
 `` believe it or not , your majesty , you are the best person for this position . '' 
 elend snorted . 
 `` you are best , '' tindwyl said , `` because you hold the throne now . 
 if there is anything worse than a mediocre king , it is chaos-which is what this kingdom would have if you had n't taken the throne . 
 the people on both sides , noblemen and skaa , accept you . 
 they may not believe in you , but they accept you . 
 step down now-or even die accidentally-and there would be confusion , collapse , and destruction . 
 poorly trained or not , weak of character or not , mocked or not , you are all this country has . 
 you are king , elend venture . '' 
 elend paused . 
 `` i 'm ... not sure if you 're making me feel any better about myself , tindwyl . '' 
 `` it 's - '' elend raised a hand . 
 `` yes , i know . 
 it 's not about how i feel . '' 
 `` you have no place for guilt . 
 accept that you 're king , accept that you can do nothing constructive to change that , and accept responsibility . 
 whatever you do , be confident-for if you were n't here , there would be chaos . '' 
 elend nodded . 
 `` arrogance , your majesty , '' tindwyl said . 
 `` successful leaders all share one common trait-they believe that they can do a better job than the alternatives . 
 humility is fine when considering your responsibility and duty , but when it comes time to make a decision , you must not question yourself . '' 
 `` i 'll try . '' 
 `` good , '' tindwyl said . 
 `` now , perhaps , we can move on to another matter . 
 tell me , why have n't you married that young girl ? '' 
 elend frowned . 
 was n't expecting that ... `` that 's a very personal question , tindwyl . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 elend deepened his frown , but she sat expectantly , watching him with one of her unrelenting stares . 
 `` i do n't know , '' elend finally said , sitting back in his chair , sighing . 
 `` vin is n't ... like other women . '' 
 tindwyl raised an eyebrow , her voice softening slightly . 
 `` i think that the more women you come to know , your majesty , the more you 'll find that statement applies to all of them . '' 
 elend nodded ruefully . 
 `` either way , '' tindwyl said , `` things are not well as they stand . 
 i will not pry further into your relationship , but-as we 've discussed-appearances are very important to a king . 
 it is n't appropriate for you to be seen as having a mistress . 
 i realize that sort of thing was common for imperial nobility . 
 the skaa , however , want to see something better in you . 
 perhaps because many noblemen were so frivolous with their sexual lives , the skaa have always prized monogamy . 
 they wish desperately for you to respect their values . '' 
 `` they 'll just have to be patient with us , '' elend said . 
 `` i actually want to marry vin , but she wo n't have it . '' 
 `` do you know why ? '' 
 elend shook his head . 
 `` she ... does n't seem to make sense a lot of the time . '' 
 `` perhaps she is n't right for a man in your position . '' 
 elend looked up sharply . 
 `` what does that mean ? '' 
 `` perhaps you need someone a little more refined , '' tindwyl said . 
 `` i 'm certain she 's a fine bodyguard , but as a lady , she - '' `` stop , '' elend snapped . 
 `` vin is fine as she is . '' 
 tindwyl smiled . 
 `` what ? '' 
 elend demanded . 
 `` i 've insulted you all afternoon , your majesty , and you barely grew sullen . 
 i mentioned your mistborn in a mildly disparaging way , and now you 're ready to throw me out . '' 
 `` so ? '' 
 `` so , you do love her ? '' 
 `` of course , '' elend said . 
 `` i do n't understand her , but yes . 
 i love her . '' 
 tindwyl nodded . 
 `` i apologize , then , your majesty . 
 i had to be certain . '' 
 elend frowned , relaxing in his chair slightly . 
 `` so , this was some kind of test , then ? 
 you wanted to see how i would react to your words about vin ? '' 
 `` you will always be tested by those you meet , your majesty . 
 you might as well grow accustomed to it . '' 
 `` but , why do you care about my relationship with vin ? '' 
 `` love is not easy for kings , your majesty , '' tindwyl said in an uncharacteristically kind voice . 
 `` you will find that your affection for the girl can cause far more trouble than any of the other things we 've discussed . '' 
 `` and that 's a reason to give her up ? '' 
 elend asked stiffly . 
 `` no , '' tindwyl said . 
 `` no , i do n't think so . '' 
 elend paused , studying the stately terriswoman with her square features and her stiff posture . 
 `` that ... seems odd , coming from you . 
 what about kingly duty and appearances ? '' 
 `` we must make allowances for the occasional exception , '' tindwyl said . 
 interesting , elend thought . 
 he would n't have considered her the type to agree to any sort of `` exceptions . '' 
 perhaps she 's a little deeper than i 've assumed . 
 `` now , '' tindwyl said . 
 `` how are your training sessions going ? '' 
 elend rubbed his sore arm . 
 `` all right , i suppose . 
 but - '' he was interrupted by a knock at the door . 
 captain demoux entered a moment later . 
 `` your majesty , a visitor has arrived from lord cett 's army . '' 
 `` a messenger ? '' 
 elend said , standing . 
 demoux paused , looking a little embarrassed . 
 `` well ... sort of . 
 she says she 's lord cett 's daughter , and she 's come looking for breeze . '' 
 he was born of a humble family , yet married the daughter of a king . 
 21 the young woman 's expensive dress-light red silk with a shawl and lace sleeves-might have lent her an air of dignity , had she not scampered forward as soon as breeze entered the room . 
 her light western hair bouncing , she made a squeal of happiness as she threw her arms around breeze 's neck . 
 she was , perhaps , eighteen years old . 
 elend glanced at ham , who stood dumbfounded . 
 `` well , looks like you were right about breeze and cett 's daughter , '' elend whispered . 
 ham shook his head . 
 `` i did n't think ... i mean i joked , because it was breeze , but i did n't expect to be right ! '' 
 breeze , for his part , at least had the decency to look terribly uncomfortable in the young woman 's arms . 
 they stood inside the palace atrium , the same place where elend had met with his father 's messenger . 
 floor-to-ceiling windows let in the afternoon light , and a group of servants stood at one side of the room to wait on elend 's orders . 
 breeze met elend 's eyes , blushing deeply . 
 i do n't think i 've ever seen him do that before , elend thought . 
 `` my dear , '' breeze said , clearing his throat , `` perhaps you should introduce yourself to the king ? '' 
 the girl finally let go of breeze . 
 she stepped back , curtsying to elend with a noblewoman 's grace . 
 she was a bit plump , her hair long after pre-collapse fashion , and her cheeks were red with excitement . 
 she was a cute thing , obviously well trained for the court-exactly the sort of girl that elend had spent his youth trying to avoid . 
 `` elend , '' breeze said , `` might i introduce allrianne cett , daughter to lord ashweather cett , king of the western dominance ? '' 
 `` your majesty , '' allrianne said . 
 elend nodded . 
 `` lady cett . '' 
 he paused , then-with a hopeful voice-continued . 
 `` your father sent you as an ambassador ? '' 
 allrianne paused . 
 `` um ... he did n't exactly send me , your majesty . '' 
 `` oh , dear , '' breeze said , pulling out a handkerchief to dab his brow . 
 elend glanced at ham , then back at the girl . 
 `` perhaps you should explain , '' he said , gesturing toward the atrium 's seats . 
 allrianne nodded eagerly , but stayed close to breeze as they sat . 
 elend waved for some servants to bring chilled wine . 
 he had a feeling he was going to want something to drink . 
 `` i seek asylum , your majesty , '' allrianne said , speaking with a quick voice . 
 `` i had to go . 
 i mean , breezy must have told you how my father is ! '' 
 breeze sat uncomfortably , and allrianne put an affectionate hand on his knee . 
 `` how your father is ? '' 
 elend asked . 
 `` he is so manipulative , '' allrianne said . 
 `` so demanding . 
 he drove breezy away , and i absolutely had to follow . 
 i would n't spend another moment in that camp . 
 a war camp ! 
 he brought me , a young lady , along with him to war ! 
 why , do you know what it is like to be leered at by every passing soldier ? 
 do you understand what it is like to live in a tent ? '' 
 `` i - '' `` we rarely had fresh water , '' allrianne continued . 
 `` and i could n't take a decent bath without fear of peeping soldiers ! 
 during our travels , there was dreadful nothing to do all day but sit in the carriage and bounce , bounce , bounce . 
 why , until breezy came , i had n't had a refined conversation in weeks . 
 and then , father drove him away ... '' `` because ? '' 
 ham asked eagerly . 
 breeze coughed . 
 `` i had to get away , your majesty , '' allrianne said . 
 `` you have to give me asylum ! 
 i know things that could help you . 
 like , i saw my father 's camp . 
 i 'll bet you do n't know that he is getting supplies from the cannery in haverfrex ! 
 what do you think of that ? '' 
 `` um ... impressive , '' elend said hesitantly . 
 allrianne nodded curtly . 
 `` and , you came to find breeze ? '' 
 elend asked . 
 allrianne flushed slightly , glancing to the side . 
 however , when she spoke , she displayed little tact . 
 `` i had to see him again , your majesty . 
 so charming , so ... wonderful . 
 i would n't have expected father to understand a man such as he . '' 
 `` i see , '' elend said . 
 `` please , your majesty , '' allrianne said . 
 `` you have to take me in . 
 now that i 've left father , i have nowhere else to go ! '' 
 `` you may stay-for a time , at least , '' elend said , nodding greetings to dockson , who had entered through the atrium doors . 
 `` but , you 've obviously had a difficult trip . 
 perhaps you would like an opportunity to refresh yourself ... ? '' 
 `` oh , i would much appreciate that , your majesty ! '' 
 elend eyed cadon , one of the palace stewards , who stood at the back of the room with other servants . 
 he nodded ; rooms were prepared . 
 `` then , '' elend said , standing , `` cadon will lead you to some rooms . 
 we will take dinner this evening at seven , and can speak again then . '' 
 `` thank you , your majesty ! '' 
 allrianne said , jumping up from her chair . 
 she gave breeze another hug , then stepped forward , as if to do the same for elend . 
 fortunately , she thought better of it , instead allowing the servants to lead her away . 
 elend sat . 
 breeze sighed deeply , leaning back in a wearied posture as dockson walked forward , taking the girl 's seat . 
 `` that was ... unexpected , '' breeze noted . 
 there was an awkward pause , the atrium trees shifting slightly in the breeze from the balcony . 
 then-with a sharp bark-ham began to laugh . 
 the noise sparked elend , and-despite the danger , despite the gravity of the problem-he found himself laughing as well . 
 `` oh , honestly , '' breeze huffed , which only prompted them further . 
 perhaps it was the sheer incongruity of the situation , perhaps it was because he needed to release tension , but elend found himself laughing so hard he almost fell from the chair . 
 ham was n't doing much better , and even dockson cracked a smile . 
 `` i fail to see the levity in this situation , '' breeze said . 
 `` the daughter of lord cett-a man who is currently besieging our home-just demanded asylum in the city . 
 if cett was n't determined to kill us before , he certainly will be now ! '' 
 `` i know , '' elend said , taking deep breaths . 
 `` i know . 
 it 's just ... '' `` it 's the image of you , '' ham said , `` being hugged by that courtly fluffcake . 
 i ca n't think of anything more awkward than you being confronted by an irrational young woman ! '' 
 `` this throws another wrinkle into things , '' dockson noted . 
 `` although , i 'm not accustomed to you being the one to bring us a problem of this nature , breeze . 
 honestly , i thought we would be able to avoid unplanned female attachments now that kell is gone . '' 
 `` this is n't my fault , '' breeze said pointedly . 
 `` the girl 's affection is completely misplaced . '' 
 `` that 's for sure , '' ham mumbled . 
 `` all right , '' a new voice said . 
 `` what was that pink thing i just passed in the hallway ? '' 
 elend turned to find vin standing , arms folded , in the atrium doorway . 
 so quiet . 
 why does she walk stealthily even in the palace ? 
 she never wore shoes that clicked , never wore skirts that could rustle , and never had metal on her clothing that could clink or be pushed by allomancers . 
 `` that was n't pink , my dear , '' breeze said . 
 `` that was red . '' 
 `` close enough , '' vin said , walking forward . 
 `` she was bubbling to the servants about how hot her bath needed to be , and making certain they wrote down her favorite foods . '' 
 breeze sighed . 
 `` that 's allrianne . 
 we 'll probably have to get a new pastry chef-either that , or have desserts ordered in . 
 she 's rather particular about her pastries . '' 
 `` allrianne cett is the daughter of lord cett , '' elend explained as vin-ignoring the chairs-sat on the edge of a planter beside his chair , laying a hand on his arm . 
 `` apparently , she and breeze are something of an item . '' 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 breeze huffed . 
 vin , however , wrinkled her nose . 
 `` that 's disgusting , breeze . 
 you 're old . 
 she 's young . '' 
 `` there was no relationship , '' breeze snapped . 
 `` besides , i 'm not that old-nor is she that young . '' 
 `` she sounded like she was about twelve , '' vin said . 
 breeze rolled his eyes . 
 `` allrianne was a child of the country court-a little innocent , a little spoiled-but she hardly deserves to be spoken of in that manner . 
 she 's actually quite witty , in the right circumstances . '' 
 `` so , was there anything between you ? '' 
 vin pressed . 
 `` of course not , '' breeze said . 
 `` well , not really . 
 nothing real , though it could have been taken the wrong way . 
 was taken the wrong way , actually , once her father discovered ... anyway , who are you to talk , vin ? 
 i seem to remember a certain young girl pining for an old kelsier a few years back . '' 
 elend perked up at this . 
 vin flushed . 
 `` i never pined over kelsier . '' 
 `` not even at the beginning ? '' 
 breeze asked . 
 `` come now , a dashing man like him ? 
 he saved you from being beaten by your old crewleader , took you in ... '' `` you 're a sick man , '' vin declared , folding her arms . 
 `` kelsier was like a father to me . '' 
 `` eventually , perhaps , '' breeze said , `` but - '' elend held up a hand . 
 `` enough , '' he said . 
 `` this line of discussion is useless . '' 
 breeze snorted , but fell silent . 
 tindwyl is right , elend thought . 
 they will listen to me if i act like i expect them to . 
 `` we have to decide what to do , '' elend said . 
 `` the daughter of the man threatening us could be a very powerful bargaining chip , '' dockson said . 
 `` you mean take her hostage ? '' 
 vin said , eyes narrowing . 
 dockson shrugged . 
 `` someone has to state the obvious , vin . '' 
 `` not really a hostage , '' ham said . 
 `` she came to us , after all . 
 simply letting her stay could have the same effect as taking her hostage . '' 
 `` that would risk antagonizing cett , '' elend said . 
 `` our original plan was to make him think we 're his ally . '' 
 `` we could give her back , then , '' dockson said . 
 `` that could get us a long way in the negotiations . '' 
 `` and her request ? '' 
 breeze asked . 
 `` the girl was n't happy in her father 's camp . 
 should n't we at least consider her wishes ? '' 
 all eyes turned toward elend . 
 he paused . 
 just a few weeks ago , they would have kept on arguing . 
 it seemed strange that they should so quickly begin to look to him for decisions . 
 who was he ? 
 a man who had haphazardly ended up on the throne ? 
 a poor replacement for their brilliant leader ? 
 an idealist who had n't considered the dangers his philosophies would bring ? 
 a fool ? 
 a child ? 
 an impostor ? 
 the best they had . 
 `` she stays , '' elend said . 
 `` for now . 
 perhaps we 'll be forced to return her eventually , but this will make a useful distraction for cett 's army . 
 let them sweat for a bit . 
 it will only buy us more time . '' 
 the crewmembers nodded , and breeze looked relieved . 
 i 'll do what i can , make the decisions as i see they must be made , elend thought . 
 then accept the consequences . 
 he could trade words with the finest of philosophers , and had an impressive memory . 
 nearly as good , even , as my own . 
 yet , he was not argumentative . 
 22 chaos and stability , the mist was both . 
 upon the land there was an empire , within that empire were a dozen shattered kingdoms , within those kingdoms were cities , towns , villages , plantations . 
 and above them all , within them all , around them all , was the mist . 
 it was more constant than the sun , for it could not be hidden by clouds . 
 it was more powerful than the storms , for it would outlast any weather 's fury . 
 it was always there . 
 changing , but eternal . 
 day was an impatient sigh , awaiting the night . 
 when the darkness did come , however , vin found that the mists did not calm her as they once had . 
 nothing seemed certain anymore . 
 once the night had been her refuge ; now she found herself glancing behind , watching for ghostly outlines . 
 once elend had been her peace , but he was changing . 
 once she had been able to protect the things she loved-but she was growing more and more afraid that the forces moving against luthadel were beyond her capacity to stop . 
 nothing frightened her more than her own impotence . 
 during her childhood she had taken it for granted that she could n't change things , but kelsier had given her pride in herself . 
 if she could n't protect elend , what good was she ? 
 there are still some things i can do , she thought forcefully . 
 she crouched quietly on a ledge , mistcloak tassels hanging down , waving slightly in the wind . 
 just below her , torches burned fitfully at the front of keep venture , illuminating a pair of ham 's guards . 
 they stood alert in the swirling mists , showing impressive diligence . 
 the guards would n't be able to see her sitting just above them ; they 'd barely be able to see twenty feet in the thick mists . 
 they were n't allomancers . 
 besides the core crew , elend had access to barely half a dozen mistings-which made him allomantically weak compared with most of the other new kings in the final empire . 
 vin was supposed to make up the difference . 
 the torches flickered as the doors opened , and a figure left the palace . 
 ham 's voice echoed quietly in the mist as he greeted his guards . 
 one reason-perhaps the main reason-that the guards were so diligent was because of ham . 
 he might have been a bit of an anarchist at heart , but he could be a very good leader if he was given a small team . 
 though his guards were n't the most disciplined , polished soldiers vin had seen , they were fiercely loyal . 
 ham talked with the men for a time , then he waved farewell and walked out into the mists . 
 the small courtyard between the keep and its wall contained a couple of guard posts and patrols , and ham would visit each one in turn . 
 he walked boldly in the night , trusting to diffused starlight to see , rather than blinding himself with a torch . 
 a thief 's habit . 
 vin smiled , leaping quietly to the ground , then scampering after ham . 
 he walked on , ignorant of her presence . 
 what would it be like to have only one allomantic power ? 
 vin thought . 
 to be able to make yourself stronger , but to have ears as weak as those of any normal man ? 
 it had been only two years , but already she had come to rely so heavily on her abilities . 
 ham continued forward , vin following discreetly , until they reached the ambush . 
 vin tensed , flaring her bronze . 
 oreseur howled suddenly , jumping from a pile of boxes . 
 the kandra was a dark silhouette in the night , his inhuman baying disturbing even to vin . 
 ham spun , cursing quietly . 
 and he instinctively flared pewter . 
 focused on her bronze , vin confirmed that the pulses were definitely coming from him . 
 ham spun around , searching in the night as oreseur landed . 
 vin , however , simply smiled . 
 ham 's allomancy meant he was n't the impostor . 
 she could cross another name off her list . 
 `` it 's okay , ham , '' vin said , walking forward . 
 ham paused , lowering his dueling cane . 
 `` vin ? '' 
 he asked , squinting in the mist . 
 `` it 's me , '' she said . 
 `` i 'm sorry , you startled my hound . 
 he can get jumpy at night . '' 
 ham relaxed . 
 `` we all can , i guess . 
 anything happening tonight ? '' 
 `` not that i can tell , '' she said . 
 `` i 'd let you know . '' 
 ham nodded . 
 `` i 'd appreciate it-though i doubt you 'd need me . 
 i 'm captain of the guard , but you 're the one who does all the work . '' 
 `` you 're more valuable than you think , ham , '' vin said . 
 `` elend confides in you . 
 since jastes and the others left him , he 's needed a friend . '' 
 ham nodded . 
 vin turned , glancing into the mists , where oreseur sat waiting on his haunches . 
 he seemed to be getting more and more comfortable with his hound 's body . 
 now that she knew ham was not an impostor , there was something she needed to discuss with him . 
 `` ham , '' she said , `` your protection of elend is more valuable than you know . '' 
 `` you 're talking about the impostor , '' ham said quietly . 
 `` el has me searching through the palace staff to see who might have gone missing for a few hours on that day . 
 it 's a tough task , though . '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` there 's something else , ham . 
 i 'm out of atium . '' 
 he stood quietly in the mists for a moment , and then she heard him mutter a curse . 
 `` i 'll die the next time i fight a mistborn , '' she said . 
 `` not unless he has atium , '' ham said . 
 `` what are the chances that someone would send a mistborn without atium to fight me ? '' 
 he hesitated . 
 `` ham , '' she said , `` i need to find a way to fight against someone who is burning atium . 
 tell me that you know a way . '' 
 ham shrugged in the darkness . 
 `` there are lots of theories , vin . 
 i once had a long conversation with breeze about this-though he spent most of it grumbling that i was annoying him . '' 
 `` well ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 `` what can i do ? '' 
 he rubbed his chin . 
 `` most people agree that the best way to kill a mistborn with atium is to surprise them . '' 
 `` that does n't help if they attack me first , '' vin said . 
 `` well , '' ham said . 
 `` barring surprise , there is n't much . 
 some people think that you might be able to kill an atium-using mistborn if you catch them in an unavoidable situation . 
 it 's like a game of fets-sometimes , the only way to take a piece is to corner it so that no matter which way it moves , it dies . 
 `` doing that to a mistborn is pretty tough , though . 
 the thing is , atium lets the mistborn see the future-so he knows when a move will trap him , and so he can avoid the situation . 
 the metal is supposed to enhance his mind somehow , too . '' 
 `` it does . 
 when i 'm burning atium , i often dodge before i even register the attacks that are coming . '' 
 ham nodded . 
 `` so , '' vin said , `` what else ? '' 
 `` that 's it , vin , '' ham said . 
 `` thugs talk about this topic a lot-we 're all afraid of going up against a mistborn . 
 those are your two options : surprise him or overwhelm him . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 vin frowned . 
 neither option would do her much good if she got ambushed . 
 `` anyway , i need to keep moving . 
 i promise to tell you about any corpses i produce . '' 
 ham laughed . 
 `` how about you just try and avoid getting into situations where you have to produce them , eh ? 
 the lord only knows what this kingdom would do if we lost you ... '' vin nodded , though she was n't certain how much ham could see of her in the darkness . 
 she waved to oreseur , heading out toward the keep wall , leaving ham on the cobbled path . 
 `` mistress , '' oreseur said as they reached the top of the wall , `` might i know the purpose of surprising master hammond like that ? 
 are you that fond of startling your friends ? '' 
 `` it was a test , '' vin said , pausing beside a merlon gap , looking out over the city proper . 
 `` a test , mistress ? '' 
 `` to see if he would use allomancy . 
 that way , i could know that he was n't the impostor . '' 
 `` ah , '' the kandra said . 
 `` clever , mistress . '' 
 vin smiled . 
 `` thank you , '' she said . 
 a guard patrol was moving toward them . 
 not wanting to have to deal with them , vin nodded to the wall-top stone guardhouse . 
 she jumped , pushing off a coin , and landed on top of it . 
 oreseur bounded up beside her , using his strange kandra musculature to leap the ten feet . 
 vin sat down cross-legged to think , and oreseur padded over to the roof 's side and lay down , paws hanging over the edge . 
 as they sat , vin considered something . 
 oreseur told me that a kandra did n't gain allomantic powers if he ate an allomancer ... but , can a kandra be an allomancer on his own ? 
 i never did finish that conversation . 
 `` this will tell me if a person is n't a kandra , wo n't it ? '' 
 vin asked , turning to oreseur . 
 `` your people do n't have allomantic powers , right ? '' 
 oreseur did n't answer . 
 `` oreseur ? '' 
 vin said . 
 `` i 'm not required to answer that question , mistress . '' 
 yes , vin thought with a sigh . 
 the contract . 
 how am i supposed to catch this other kandra if oreseur wo n't answer any of my questions ? 
 she leaned back in frustration , staring up into the endless mists , using her mistcloak to cushion her head . 
 `` your plan will work , mistress , '' oreseur said quietly . 
 vin paused , rolling her head to look at him . 
 he lay with head on forepaws , staring over the city . 
 `` if you sense allomancy from someone , then they are n't a kandra . '' 
 vin sensed a hesitant reluctance to his words , and he did n't look at her . 
 it was as if he spoke grudgingly , giving up information that he 'd rather have kept to himself . 
 so secretive , vin thought . 
 `` thank you , '' she said . 
 oreseur shrugged a pair of canine shoulders . 
 `` i know you 'd rather not have to deal with me , '' she said . 
 `` we 'd both rather keep our distance from each other . 
 but , we 'll just have to make things work this way . '' 
 oreseur nodded again , then turned his head slightly and looked at her . 
 `` why is it that you hate me ? '' 
 `` i do n't hate you , '' vin said . 
 oreseur raised a canine eyebrow . 
 there was a wisdom in those eyes , an understanding that vin was surprised to see . 
 she 'd never seen such things in him before . 
 `` i. . . '' 
 vin trailed off , looking away . 
 `` i just have n't ever gotten over the fact that you ate kelsier 's body . '' 
 `` that is n't it , '' oreseur said , turning back to look at the city . 
 `` you 're too smart to be bothered by that . '' 
 vin frowned indignantly , but the kandra was n't looking at her . 
 she turned , staring back up at the mists . 
 why did he bring this up ? 
 she thought . 
 we were just starting to get along . 
 she 'd been willing to forget . 
 you really want to know ? 
 she thought . 
 fine . 
 `` it 's because you knew , '' she whispered . 
 `` excuse me , mistress ? '' 
 `` you knew , '' vin said , still looking into the mists . 
 `` you were the only one on the crew who knew kelsier was going to die . 
 he told you that he was going to let himself be killed , and that you were to take his bones . '' 
 `` ah , '' oreseur said quietly . 
 vin turned accusing eyes at the creature . 
 `` why did n't you say something ? 
 you knew how we felt about kelsier . 
 did you even consider telling us that the idiot planned to kill himself ? 
 did it even cross your mind that we might be able to stop him , that we might be able to find another way ? '' 
 `` you are being quite harsh , mistress . '' 
 `` well , you wanted to know , '' vin said . 
 `` it was worst right after he died . 
 when you came to be my servant , by his order . 
 you never even spoke of what you 'd done . '' 
 `` the contract , mistress , '' oreseur said . 
 `` you do not wish to hear this , perhaps , but i was bound . 
 kelsier did not wish you to know of his plans , so i could not tell you . 
 hate me if you must , but i do not regret my actions . '' 
 `` i do n't hate you . '' 
 i got over that . 
 `` but , honestly , you would n't even break the contract for his own good ? 
 you served kelsier for two years . 
 did n't it even hurt you to know he was going to die ? '' 
 `` why should i care if one master or another dies ? '' 
 oreseur said . 
 `` there is always another to take their place . '' 
 `` kelsier was n't that kind of master , '' vin said . 
 `` was n't he ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` i apologize , mistress , '' oreseur said . 
 `` i will believe as commanded , then . '' 
 vin opened her mouth to reply , then snapped it closed . 
 if he was determined to keep thinking like a fool , then it was his right to do so . 
 he could continue to resent masters , just as ... just as she resented him . 
 for keeping his word , for holding to his contract . 
 ever since i 've known him , i 've done nothing but treat him poorly , vin thought . 
 first , when he was renoux , i reacted against his haughty bearing-but that bearing was n't his , it was part of the act he had to play . 
 then , as oreseur , i avoided him . 
 hated him , even , for letting kelsier die . 
 now i 've forced him into an animal 's body . 
 and , in two years of knowing him , the only times i 've asked about his past , i did it so that i could glean more information about his people so that i could find the impostor . 
 vin watched the mists . 
 of all the people in the crew , only oreseur had been an outsider . 
 he had n't been invited to their conferences . 
 he had n't inherited a position in the government . 
 he 'd helped as much as any of them , playing a vital role-that of the `` spirit '' kelsier , who had returned from the grave to incite the skaa to their final rebellion . 
 yet , while the rest of them had titles , friendships , and duties , the only thing oreseur had gained from overthrowing the final empire was another master . 
 one who hated him . 
 no wonder he reacts like he does , vin thought . 
 kelsier 's last words to her returned to her mind : you have a lot to learn about friendship , vin ... kell and the others had invited her in , treated her with dignity and friendliness , even when she had n't deserved it . 
 `` oreseur , '' she said , `` what was your life like before you were recruited by kelsier ? '' 
 `` i do n't see what that has to do with finding the impostor , mistress , '' oreseur said . 
 `` it does n't have anything to do with that , '' vin said . 
 `` i just thought maybe i should get to know you better . '' 
 `` my apologies , mistress , but i do n't want you to know me . '' 
 vin sighed . 
 so much for that . 
 but ... well , kelsier and the others had n't turned away when she 'd been blunt with them . 
 there was a familiar tone to oreseur 's words . 
 something in them that she recognized . 
 `` anonymity , '' vin said quietly . 
 `` mistress ? '' 
 `` anonymity . 
 hiding , even when you 're with others . 
 being quiet , unobtrusive . 
 forcing yourself to stay apart-emotionally , at least . 
 it 's a way of life . 
 a protection . '' 
 oreseur did n't answer . 
 `` you serve beneath masters , '' vin said . 
 `` harsh men who fear your competence . 
 the only way to keep them from hating you is to make certain they do n't pay attention to you . 
 so , you make yourself look small and weak . 
 not a threat . 
 but sometimes you say the wrong thing , or you let your rebelliousness show . '' 
 she turned toward him . 
 he was watching her . 
 `` yes , '' he finally said , turning to look back over the city . 
 `` they hate you , '' vin said quietly . 
 `` they hate you because of your powers , because they ca n't make you break your word , or because they worry that you are too strong to control . '' 
 `` they become afraid of you , '' oreseur said . 
 `` they grow paranoid-terrified , even as they use you , that you will take their place . 
 despite the contract , despite knowing that no kandra would break his sacred vow , they fear you . 
 and men hate what they fear . '' 
 `` and so , '' vin said , `` they find excuses to beat you . 
 sometimes , even your efforts to remain harmless seem to provoke them . 
 they hate your skill , they hate the fact that they do n't have more reasons to beat you , so they beat you . '' 
 oreseur turned back to her . 
 `` how do you know these things ? '' 
 he demanded . 
 vin shrugged . 
 `` that 's not only how they treat kandra , oreseur . 
 that 's the same way crewleaders treat a young girl-an anomaly in a thieving underground filled with men . 
 a child who had a strange ability to make things happen-to influence people , to hear what she should n't , to move more quietly and quickly than others . 
 a tool , yet a threat at the same time . '' 
 `` i. . . 
 did n't realize , mistress ... '' vin frowned . 
 how could he not have known about my past ? 
 he knew i was a street urchin . 
 except ... had he ? 
 for the first time , vin realized how oreseur must have seen her two years before , when she 'd first met him . 
 he had arrived in the area after her recruitment ; he probably assumed that she 'd been part of kelsier 's team for years , like the others . 
 `` kelsier recruited me for the first time just a few days before i met you , '' vin said . 
 `` well , actually , he did n't so much recruit me as rescue me . 
 i spent my childhood serving in one thieving crew after another , always working for the least reputable and most dangerous men , for those were the only ones who would take in a couple of transients like my brother and me . 
 the smart crewleaders learned that i was a good tool . 
 i 'm not sure if they figured out that i was an allomancer-some probably did , others just thought i was ` lucky . ' 
 either way , they needed me . 
 and that made them hate me . '' 
 `` so they beat you ? '' 
 vin nodded . 
 `` the last one especially . 
 that was when i was really beginning to figure out how to use allomancy , even though i did n't know what it was . 
 camon knew , though . 
 and he hated me even as he used me . 
 i think he was afraid that i would figure out how to use my powers fully . 
 and on that day , he worried that i would kill him ... '' vin turned her head , looking at oreseur . 
 `` kill him and take his place as crewleader . '' 
 oreseur sat quietly , up on his haunches now , regarding her . 
 `` kandra are n't the only ones that humans treat poorly , '' vin said quietly . 
 `` we 're pretty good at abusing each other , too . '' 
 oreseur snorted . 
 `` with you , at least , they had to hold back for fear they 'd kill you . 
 have you ever been beaten by a master who knows that no matter how hard he hits , you wo n't die ? 
 all he has to do is get you a new set of bones , and you 'll be ready to serve again the next day . 
 we are the ultimate servant-you can beat us to death in the morning , then have us serve you dinner that night . 
 all the sadism , none of the cost . '' 
 vin closed her eyes . 
 `` i understand . 
 i was n't a kandra , but i did have pewter . 
 i think camon knew he could beat me far harder than he should have been able to . '' 
 `` why did n't you run ? '' 
 oreseur asked . 
 `` you did n't have a contract bonding you to him . '' 
 `` i. . . 
 do n't know , '' vin said . 
 `` people are strange , oreseur , and loyalty is so often twisted . 
 i stayed with camon because he was familiar , and i feared leaving more than i did staying . 
 that crew was all i had . 
 my brother was gone , and i was terrified of being alone . 
 it seems kind of strange now , thinking back . '' 
 `` sometimes a bad situation is still better than the alternative . 
 you did what you needed to do to survive . '' 
 `` perhaps , '' vin said . 
 `` but there 's a better way , oreseur . 
 i did n't know it until kelsier found me , but life does n't have to be like that . 
 you do n't have to spend your years mistrusting , staying in the shadows and keeping yourself apart . '' 
 `` perhaps if you are human . 
 i am kandra . '' 
 `` you can still trust , '' vin said . 
 `` you do n't have to hate your masters . '' 
 `` i do n't hate them all , mistress . '' 
 `` but you do n't trust them . '' 
 `` it is nothing personal , mistress . '' 
 `` yes it is , '' vin said . 
 `` you do n't trust us because you 're afraid we 'll hurt you . 
 i understand that-i spent months with kelsier wondering when i was going to get hurt again . '' 
 she paused . 
 `` but oreseur , nobody betrayed us . 
 kelsier was right . 
 it seems incredible to me even now , but the men in this crew-ham , dockson , breeze-they 're good people . 
 and , even if one of them were to betray me , i 'd still rather have trusted them . 
 i can sleep at night , oreseur . 
 i can feel peace , i can laugh . 
 life is different . 
 better . '' 
 `` you are human , '' oreseur said stubbornly . 
 `` you can have friends because they do n't worry that you 'll eat them , or some other foolishness . '' 
 `` i do n't think that about you . '' 
 `` do n't you ? 
 mistress , you just admitted that you resent me because i ate kelsier . 
 beyond that , you hate the fact that i followed my contract . 
 you , at least , have been honest . 
 `` human beings find us disturbing . 
 they hate that we eat their kind , even though we only take bodies that are already dead . 
 your people find it unsettling that we can take their forms . 
 do n't tell me that you have n't heard the legends of my people . 
 mistwraiths , they call us-creatures that steal the shapes of men who go into the mists . 
 you think a monster like that , a legend used to frighten children , will ever find acceptance in your society ? '' 
 vin frowned . 
 `` this is the reason for the contract , mistress , '' oreseur said , his muffled voice harsh as he spoke through dog 's lips . 
 `` you wonder why we do n't just run away from you ? 
 meld into your society , and become unseen ? 
 we tried that . 
 long ago , when the final empire was new . 
 your people found us , and they started to destroy us . 
 they used mistborn to hunt us down , for there were many more allomancers in those days . 
 your people hated us because they feared we would replace them . 
 we were almost completely destroyed-and then we came up with the contract . '' 
 `` but , what difference does that make ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 `` you 're still doing the same things , are n't you ? '' 
 `` yes , but now we do them at your command , '' oreseur said . 
 `` men like power , and they love controlling something powerful . 
 our people offered to serve , and we devised a binding contract-one that every kandra vowed to uphold . 
 we will not kill men . 
 we will take bones only when we are commanded . 
 we will serve our masters with absolute obedience . 
 we began to do these things , and men stopped killing us . 
 they still hated and feared us-but they also knew they could command us . 
 `` we became your tools . 
 as long as we remain subservient , mistress , we survive . 
 and that is why i obey . 
 to break the contract would be to betray my people . 
 we can not fight you , not while you have mistborn , and so we must serve you . '' 
 mistborn . 
 why are mistborn so important ? 
 he implied that they could find kandra ... she kept this tidbit to herself ; she sensed that if she pointed it out , he 'd close up again . 
 so , instead , she sat up and met his eyes in the darkness . 
 `` if you wish , i will free you from your contract . '' 
 `` and what would that change ? '' 
 oreseur asked . 
 `` i 'd just get another contract . 
 by our laws i must wait another decade before i have time for freedom-and then only two years , during which time i wo n't be able to leave the kandra homeland . 
 to do otherwise would risk exposure . '' 
 `` then , at least accept my apology , '' she asked . 
 `` i was foolish to resent you for following your contract . '' 
 oreseur paused . 
 `` that still does n't fix things , mistress . 
 i still have to wear this cursed dog 's body-i have no personality or bones to imitate ! '' 
 `` i 'd think that you would appreciate the opportunity simply to be yourself . '' 
 `` i feel nak * d , '' oreseur said . 
 he sat quietly for a moment ; then he bowed his head . 
 `` but ... i have to admit that there are advantages to these bones . 
 i did n't realize how unobtrusive they would make me . '' 
 vin nodded . 
 `` there were times in my life when i would have given anything to be able to take the form of a dog and just live my life being ignored . '' 
 `` but not anymore ? '' 
 vin shook her head . 
 `` no . 
 not most of the time , anyway . 
 i used to think that everyone was like you say-hateful , hurtful . 
 but there are good people in the world , oreseur . 
 i wish i could prove that to you . '' 
 `` you speak of this king of yours , '' oreseur said , glancing toward the keep . 
 `` yes , '' vin said . 
 `` and others . '' 
 `` you ? '' 
 vin shook her head . 
 `` no , not me . 
 i 'm not a good person or a bad person . 
 i 'm just here to kill things . '' 
 oreseur watched her for a moment , then settled back down . 
 `` regardless , '' he said , `` you are not my worst master . 
 that is , perhaps , a compliment among our people . '' 
 vin smiled , but her own words left her a bit haunted . 
 just here to kill things ... she glanced toward the light of the armies outside the city . 
 a part-the part that had been trained by reen , the part that still occasionally used his voice in the back of her mind-whispered that there was another way to fight these armies . 
 rather than rely on politics and parlays , the crew could use vin . 
 send her on a quiet visit into the night that left the kings and generals of the armies dead . 
 but , she knew that elend would n't approve of something like that . 
 he 'd argue against using fear to motivate , even on one 's enemies . 
 he 'd point out that if she killed straff or cett , they 'd just be replaced by other men , men even more hostile toward the city . 
 even so , it seemed like such a brutal , logical answer . 
 a piece of vin itched to do it , if only to be doing something other than waiting and talking . 
 she was not a person meant to be besieged . 
 no , she thought . 
 that 's not my way . 
 i do n't have to be like kelsier was . 
 hard . 
 unyielding . 
 i can be something better . 
 something that trusts in elend 's way . 
 she shoved aside that part of her that wanted to just go assassinate both straff and cett , then turned her attention to other things . 
 she focused on her bronze , watching for signs of allomancy . 
 though she liked to jump around and `` patrol '' the area , the truth was that she was just as effective staying in one place . 
 assassins would be likely to scout the front gates , for that was where patrols began and the largest concentration of soldiers waited . 
 still , she felt her mind wandering . 
 there were forces moving in the world , and vin was n't certain if she wanted to be part of them . 
 what is my place ? 
 she thought . 
 she never felt that she 'd discovered it-not back when she 'd been playing as valette renoux , and not now , when she acted as the bodyguard to the man she loved . 
 nothing quite fit . 
 she closed her eyes , burning tin and bronze , feeling the touch of wind-borne mist on her skin . 
 and , oddly , she felt something else , something very faint . 
 in the distance she could sense allomantic pulsings . 
 they were so dull she almost missed them . 
 they were kind of like the pulses given off by the mist spirit . 
 she could hear it , too , much closer . 
 atop a building out in the city . 
 she was getting used to its presence , not that she had much choice . 
 still , as long as it only watched ... it tried to kill one of the hero 's companions , she thought . 
 it knifed him , somehow . 
 or so the logbook claimed . 
 but ... what was that pulsing in the far distance ? 
 it was soft ... yet powerful . 
 like a faraway drum . 
 she squeezed her eyes shut , focusing . 
 `` mistress ? '' 
 oreseur said , suddenly perking up . 
 vin snapped her eyes open . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` did n't you hear that ? '' 
 vin sat up . 
 `` wha - '' then she picked it out . 
 footsteps outside the wall a short distance away . 
 she leaned closer , noticing a dark figure walking down the street toward the keep . 
 she 'd been so focused on her bronze that she 'd completely tuned out real sounds . 
 `` good job , '' she said , approaching the edge of the guard station 's roof . 
 only then did she realize something important . 
 oreseur had taken the initiative : he 'd alerted her of the danger without specifically being ordered to listen . 
 it was a small thing , but it seemed important . 
 `` what do you think ? '' 
 she asked quietly , watching the figure approach . 
 he carried no torch , and he seemed very comfortable in the mists . 
 `` allomancer ? '' 
 oreseur asked , crouching beside her . 
 vin shook her head . 
 `` there 's no allomantic pulse . '' 
 `` so if he is one , he 's mistborn , '' oreseur said . 
 he still did n't know she could pierce copperclouds . 
 `` he 's too tall to be your friend zane . 
 be careful , mistress . '' 
 vin nodded , dropped a coin , then threw herself into the mists . 
 behind her , oreseur jumped down from the guardhouse , then leapt off the wall and dropped some twenty feet to the ground . 
 he certainly does like to push the limits of those bones , she thought . 
 of course , if a fall could n't kill him , then she could perhaps understand his courage . 
 she guided herself by pulling on the nails in a wooden roof , landing just a short distance from the dark figure . 
 she pulled out her knives and prepared her metals , making certain she had duralumin . 
 then she moved quietly across the street . 
 surprise , she thought . 
 ham 's suggestion still left her nervous . 
 she could n't always depend on surprise . 
 she followed the man , studying him . 
 he was tall-very tall . 
 and in robes . 
 in fact , those robes ... vin stopped short . 
 `` sazed ? '' 
 she asked with shock . 
 the terrisman turned , face now visible to her tin-enhanced eyes . 
 he smiled . 
 `` ah , lady vin , '' he said with his familiar , wise voice . 
 `` i was beginning to wonder how long it would take you to find me . 
 you are - '' he was cut off as vin grabbed him in an excited embrace . 
 `` i did n't think you were going to come back so soon ! '' 
 `` i was not planning to return , lady vin , '' sazed said . 
 `` but events are such that i could not avoid this place , i think . 
 come , we must speak with his majesty . 
 i have news of a rather disconcerting nature . '' 
 vin let go , looking up at his kindly face , noting the tiredness in his eyes . 
 exhaustion . 
 his robes were dirty and smelled of ash and sweat . 
 sazed was usually very meticulous , even when he traveled . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` problems , lady vin , '' he said quietly . 
 `` problems and troubles . '' 
 the terris rejected him , but he came to lead them . 
 23 `` king lekal claimed that he had twenty thousand of the creatures in his army , '' sazed said quietly . 
 twenty thousand ! 
 elend thought in shock . 
 that was easily as dangerous as straff 's fifty thousand men . 
 probably more so . 
 the table fell silent , and elend glanced at the others . 
 they sat in the palace kitchen , where a couple of cooks hurriedly prepared a late-night dinner for sazed . 
 the white room had an alcove at the side with a modest table for servant meals . 
 not surprisingly , elend had never dined in the room , but sazed had insisted that they not wake the servants it would require to prepare the main dining hall , though he apparently had n't eaten all day . 
 so , they sat on the low wooden benches , waiting while the cooks worked-far enough away that they could n't hear the hushed conversation in the alcove . 
 vin sat beside elend , arm around his waist , her wolfhound kandra on the floor beside her . 
 breeze sat on the other side of him , looking disheveled ; he 'd been rather annoyed when they 'd woken him . 
 ham had already been up , as had elend himself . 
 another proposal had needed work-a letter he would send to the assembly explaining that he was meeting with straff informally , rather than in official parlay . 
 dockson pulled over a stool , choosing a place away from elend , as usual . 
 clubs sat slumped on his side of the bench , though elend could n't tell if the posture was from weariness or from general clubs grumpiness . 
 that left only spook , who sat on one of the serving tables a distance away , legs swinging over the side as he occasionally pilfered a tidbit of food from the annoyed cooks . 
 he was , elend noticed with amusement , flirting quite unsuccessfully with a drowsy kitchen girl . 
 and then there was sazed . 
 the terrisman sat directly across from elend with the calm sense of collectedness that only sazed could manage . 
 his robes were dusty , and he looked odd without his earrings-removed to not tempt thieves , elend would guess-but his face and hands were clean . 
 even dirtied from travel , sazed still gave off a sense of tidiness . 
 `` i do apologize , your majesty , '' sazed said . 
 `` but i do not think that lord lekal is trustworthy . 
 i realize that you were friends with him before the collapse , but his current state seems somewhat ... unstable . '' 
 elend nodded . 
 `` how is he controlling them , you think ? '' 
 sazed shook his head . 
 `` i can not guess , your majesty . '' 
 ham shook his head . 
 `` i have men in the guard who came up from the south after the collapse . 
 they were soldiers , serving in a garrison near a koloss camp . 
 the lord ruler had n't been dead a day before the creatures went crazy . 
 they attacked everything in the area-villages , garrisons , cities . '' 
 `` the same happened in the northwest , '' breeze said . 
 `` lord cett 's lands were being flooded with refugees running from rogue koloss . 
 cett tried to recruit the koloss garrison near his own lands , and they followed him for a time . 
 but then , something set them off , and they just attacked his army . 
 he had to slaughter the whole lot-and lost nearly two thousand soldiers killing a small garrison of five hundred koloss . '' 
 the group grew quiet again , the clacking and talking of the cooking staff sounding a short distance away . 
 five hundred koloss killed two thousand men , elend thought . 
 and the jastes force contains twenty thousand of the beasts . 
 lord ruler ... `` how long ? '' 
 said clubs . 
 `` how far away ? '' 
 `` it took me a little over a week to get here , '' sazed said . 
 `` though it looked as if king lekal had been camped there for a time . 
 he is obviously coming this direction , but i do n't know how quickly he intends to march . '' 
 `` probably was n't expecting to find that two other armies beat him to the city , '' ham noted . 
 elend nodded . 
 `` what do we do , then ? '' 
 `` i do n't see that we can do anything , your majesty , '' dockson said , shaking his head . 
 `` sazed 's report does n't give me much hope that we 'll be able to reason with jastes . 
 and , with the siege we 're already under , there is little we can do . '' 
 `` he might just turn around and go , '' ham said . 
 `` with two armies already here ... '' sazed looked hesitant . 
 `` he knew about the armies , lord hammond . 
 he seemed to trust in his koloss over the human armies . '' 
 `` with twenty thousand , '' clubs said , `` he could probably take either of those other armies . '' 
 `` but he 'd have trouble with both of them , '' ham said . 
 `` that would give me pause , if i were him . 
 by showing up with a pile of volatile koloss , he could easily worry cett and straff enough that they would join forces against him . '' 
 `` which would suit us just fine , '' clubs said . 
 `` the more that other people fight , the better off we are . '' 
 elend sat back . 
 he felt a looming anxiety , and it was good to have vin next to him , arm around him , even if she did n't say much . 
 sometimes , he felt stronger simply because of her presence . 
 twenty thousand koloss . 
 this single threat scared him more than either of the other armies . 
 `` this could be a good thing , '' ham said . 
 `` if jastes were to lose control of those beasts near luthadel , there 's a good chance they 'd attack one of those other armies . '' 
 `` agreed , '' breeze said tiredly . 
 `` i think we need to keep stalling , draw out this siege until the koloss army arrives . 
 one more army in the mix means only more advantage for us . '' 
 `` i do n't like the idea of koloss in the area , '' elend said , shivering slightly . 
 `` no matter what advantage they offer us . 
 if they attack the city ... '' `` i say we worry about that when , and if , they arrive , '' dockson said . 
 `` for now , we have to continue our plan as we intended . 
 his majesty meets with straff , trying to manipulate him into a covert alliance with us . 
 with luck , the imminent koloss presence will make him more willing to deal . '' 
 elend nodded . 
 straff had agreed to meet , and they 'd set a date for a few days away . 
 the assembly was angry that he had n't consulted with them about the time and place , but there was little they could do about the matter . 
 `` anyway , '' elend finally said , sighing . 
 `` you said you had other news , saze ? 
 better , hopefully ? '' 
 sazed paused . 
 a cook finally walked over , setting a plate of food before him : steamed barley with strips of steak and some spiced lagets . 
 the scents were enough to make elend a little hungry . 
 he nodded thankfully to the palace chef , who had insisted on preparing the meal himself despite the late hour , and who waved to his staff and began to withdraw . 
 sazed sat quietly , waiting to speak until the staff were again out of earshot . 
 `` i hesitate to mention this , your majesty , for your burdens already seem great . '' 
 `` you might as well just tell me , '' elend said . 
 sazed nodded . 
 `` i fear that we may have exposed the world to something when we killed the lord ruler , your majesty . 
 something unanticipated . '' 
 breeze raised a tired eyebrow . 
 `` unanticipated ? 
 you mean other than ravaging koloss , power-hungry despots , and bandits ? '' 
 sazed paused . 
 `` um , yes . 
 i speak of items a little more nebulous , i fear . 
 there is something wrong with the mists . '' 
 vin perked up slightly beside elend . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` i have been following a trail of events , '' sazed explained . 
 he looked down as he spoke , as if embarrassed . 
 `` i have been performing an investigation , you might say . 
 you see , i have heard numerous reports of the mists coming during the daytime . '' 
 ham shrugged . 
 `` that happens sometimes . 
 there are foggy days , especially in the fall . '' 
 `` that is not what i mean , lord hammond , '' sazed said . 
 `` there is a difference between the mist and ordinary fog . 
 it is difficult to spot , perhaps , but it is noticeable to a careful eye . 
 the mist is thicker , and ... well ... '' `` it moves in larger patterns , '' vin said quietly . 
 `` like rivers in the sky . 
 it never just hangs in one place ; it floats in the breeze , almost like it makes the breeze . '' 
 `` and it ca n't enter buildings , '' clubs said . 
 `` or tents . 
 it evaporates soon after it does . '' 
 `` yes , '' sazed said . 
 `` when i first heard these reports of day mist , i assumed that the people were just letting their superstitions get out of control . 
 i have known many skaa who refused to go out on a foggy morning . 
 however , i was curious about the reports , so i traced them to a village in the south . 
 i taught there for some time , and never received confirmation of the stories . 
 so , i made my way from that place . '' 
 he paused , frowning slightly . 
 `` your majesty , please do not think me mad . 
 during those travels i passed a secluded valley , and saw what i swear was mist , not fog . 
 it was moving across the landscape , creeping toward me . 
 during the full light of day . '' 
 elend glanced at ham . 
 he shrugged . 
 `` do n't look at me . '' 
 breeze snorted . 
 `` he was asking your opinion , my dear man . '' 
 `` well , i do n't have one . '' 
 `` some philosopher you are . '' 
 `` i 'm not a philosopher , '' ham said . 
 `` i just like to think about things . '' 
 `` well , think about this , then , '' breeze said . 
 elend glanced at sazed . 
 `` have those two always been this way ? '' 
 `` honestly , i am not certain , your majesty , '' sazed said , smiling slightly . 
 `` i have known them for only slightly longer than yourself . '' 
 `` yes , they 've always been like this , '' dockson said , sighing quietly . 
 `` if anything , they 've gotten worse over the years . '' 
 `` are n't you hungry ? '' 
 elend asked , nodding to sazed 's plate . 
 `` i can eat once our discussion is finished , '' sazed said . 
 `` sazed , you 're not a servant anymore , '' vin said . 
 `` you do n't have to worry about things like that . '' 
 `` it is not a matter of serving or not , lady vin , '' sazed said . 
 `` it is a matter of being polite . '' 
 `` sazed , '' elend said . 
 `` yes , your majesty ? '' 
 he pointed at the plate . 
 `` eat . 
 you can be polite another time . 
 right now , you look famished-and you 're among friends . '' 
 sazed paused , giving elend an odd look . 
 `` yes , your majesty , '' he said , picking up a knife and spoon . 
 `` now , '' elend began , `` why does it matter if you saw mist during the day ? 
 we know that the things the skaa say are n't true-there 's no reason to fear the mist . '' 
 `` the skaa may be more wise than we credit them , your majesty , '' sazed said , taking small , careful bites of food . 
 `` it appears that the mist has been killing people . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 vin asked , leaning forward . 
 `` i have never seen it myself , lady vin , '' sazed said . 
 `` but i have seen its effects , and have collected several separate reports . 
 they all agree that the mist has been killing people . '' 
 `` that 's preposterous , '' breeze said . 
 `` mist is harmless . '' 
 `` that is what i thought , lord ladrian , '' sazed said . 
 `` however , several of the reports are quite detailed . 
 the incidents always occurred during the day , and each one tells of the mist curling around some unfortunate individual , who then died-usually in a seizure . 
 i gathered interviews with witnesses myself . '' 
 elend frowned . 
 from another man , he 'd dismiss the news . 
 but sazed ... he was not a man that one dismissed . 
 vin , sitting beside elend , watched the conversation with interest , chewing slightly on her bottom lip . 
 oddly , she did n't object to sazed 's words-though the others seemed to be reacting as breeze had . 
 `` it does n't make sense , saze , '' ham said . 
 `` thieves , nobles , and allomancers have gone out in the mists for centuries . '' 
 `` indeed they have , lord hammond , '' sazed said with a nod . 
 `` the only explanation i can think of involves the lord ruler . 
 i heard no substantive reports of mist deaths before the collapse , but i have had little trouble finding them since . 
 the reports are concentrated in the outer dominances , but the incidents appear to be moving inward . 
 i found one ... very disturbing incident several weeks to the south , where an entire village seems to have been trapped in their hovels by the mists . '' 
 `` but , why would the lord ruler 's death have anything to do with the mists ? '' 
 breeze asked . 
 `` i am not certain , lord ladrian , '' sazed said . 
 `` but it is the only connection i have been able to hypothesize . '' 
 breeze frowned . 
 `` i wish you would n't call me that . '' 
 `` i apologize , lord breeze , '' sazed said . 
 `` i am still accustomed to calling people by their full names . '' 
 `` your name is ladrian ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 `` unfortunately , '' breeze said . 
 `` i 've never been fond of it , and with dear sazed putting ` lord ' before it ... well , the alliteration makes it even more atrocious . '' 
 `` is it me , '' elend said , `` or are we going off on even more tangents than usual tonight ? '' 
 `` we get that way when we 're tired , '' breeze said with a yawn . 
 `` either way , our good terrisman must have his facts wrong . 
 mist does n't kill . '' 
 `` i can only report what i have discovered , '' sazed said . 
 `` i will need to do some more research . '' 
 `` so , you 'll be staying ? '' 
 vin asked , obviously hopeful . 
 sazed nodded . 
 `` what about teaching ? '' 
 breeze asked , waving his hand . 
 `` when you left , i recall that you said something about spending the rest of your life traveling , or some nonsense like that . '' 
 sazed blushed slightly , glancing down again . 
 `` that duty will have to wait , i fear . '' 
 `` you 're welcome to stay as long as you want , sazed , '' elend said , shooting a glare at breeze . 
 `` if what you say is true , then you 'll be doing a greater service through your studies than you would by traveling . '' 
 `` perhaps , '' sazed said . 
 `` though , '' ham noted with a chuckle , `` you probably could have picked a safer place to set up shop-one that is n't being pushed around by two armies and twenty thousand koloss . '' 
 sazed smiled , and elend gave an obligatory chuckle . 
 he said that the incidents involving the mist were moving inward , toward the center of the empire . 
 toward us . 
 something else to worry about . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 a voice suddenly asked . 
 elend turned toward the kitchen doorway , where a disheveled-looking allrianne stood . 
 `` i heard voices . 
 is there a party ? '' 
 `` we were just discussing matters of state interest , my dear , '' breeze said quickly . 
 `` the other girl is here , '' allrianne said , pointing at vin . 
 `` why did n't you invite me ? '' 
 elend frowned . 
 she heard voices ? 
 the guest quarters are n't anywhere near the kitchens . 
 and allrianne was dressed , wearing a simple noblewoman 's gown . 
 she 'd taken the time to get out of her sleeping clothing , but she 'd left her hair disheveled . 
 perhaps to make herself look more innocent ? 
 i 'm starting to think like vin , elend told himself with a sigh . 
 as if to corroborate his thoughts , he noticed vin narrowing her eyes at the new girl . 
 `` go back to your rooms , dear , '' breeze said soothingly . 
 `` do n't trouble his majesty . '' 
 allrianne sighed dramatically , but turned and did as he asked , trailing off into the hallway . 
 elend turned back to sazed , who was watching the girl with a curious expression . 
 elend gave him an `` ask later '' look , and the terrisman turned back to his meal . 
 a few moments later , the group began to break up . 
 vin hung back with elend as the others left . 
 `` i do n't trust that girl , '' vin said as a couple of servants took sazed 's pack and guided him away . 
 elend smiled , turning to look down at vin . 
 `` do i have to say it ? '' 
 she rolled her eyes . 
 `` i know . 
 ` you do n't trust anyone , vin . ' 
 this time i 'm right . 
 she was dressed , but her hair was disheveled . 
 she must have done that intentionally . '' 
 `` i noticed . '' 
 `` you did ? '' 
 she sounded impressed . 
 elend nodded . 
 `` she must have heard the servants waking up breeze and clubs , so she got up . 
 that means she spent a good half an hour eavesdropping . 
 she kept her hair mussed so that we 'd assume that she 'd just come down . '' 
 vin opened her mouth slightly , then frowned , studying him . 
 `` you 're getting better , '' she eventually said . 
 `` either that , or miss allrianne just is n't very good . '' 
 vin smiled . 
 `` i 'm still trying to figure out why you did n't hear her , '' elend noted . 
 `` the cooks , '' vin said . 
 `` too much noise . 
 besides , i was a little distracted by what sazed was saying . '' 
 `` and what do you think of it ? '' 
 vin paused . 
 `` i 'll tell you later . '' 
 `` all right , '' elend said . 
 to vin 's side , the kandra rose and stretched its wolfhound body . 
 why did she insist on bringing oreseur to the meeting ? 
 he wondered . 
 was n't it just a few weeks ago that she could n't stand the thing ? 
 the wolfhound turned , glancing at the kitchen windows . 
 vin followed its gaze . 
 `` going back out ? '' 
 elend asked . 
 vin nodded . 
 `` i do n't trust this night . 
 i 'll stay near your balcony , in case there 's trouble . '' 
 she kissed him ; then she moved away . 
 he watched her go , wondering why she had been so interested in sazed 's stories , wondering what it was she was n't telling him . 
 stop it , he told himself . 
 perhaps he was learning her lessons a little too well-of all the people in the palace , vin was the last one he needed to be paranoid about . 
 however , every time he felt like he was beginning to figure vin out , he realized just how little he understood her . 
 and that made everything else seem a little more depressing . 
 with a sigh , he turned to seek out his rooms , where his half-finished letter to the assembly waited to be completed . 
 perhaps i should not have spoken of the mists , sazed thought , following a servant up the stairs . 
 now i 've troubled the king about something that might just be my delusion . 
 they reached the top of the stairs , and the servant asked if he wished a bath drawn . 
 sazed shook his head . 
 in most other circumstances he would have welcomed the opportunity to get clean . 
 however , running all the way to the central dominance , being captured by the koloss , then marching the rest of the way up to luthadel had left him wearied to the farthest fringe of exhaustion . 
 he 'd barely had the strength to eat . 
 now he just wanted to sleep . 
 the servant nodded and led sazed down a side corridor . 
 what if he was imagining connections that did n't exist ? 
 every scholar knew that one of the greatest dangers in research was the desire to find a specific answer . 
 he had not imagined the testimonies he had taken , but had he exaggerated their importance ? 
 what did he really have ? 
 the words of a frightened man who had seen his friend die of a seizure ? 
 the testimony of a lunatic , crazed to the point of cannibalism ? 
 the fact remained that sazed himself had never seen the mists kill . 
 the servant led him to a guest chamber , and sazed thankfully bid the man good night . 
 he watched the man walk away , holding only a candle , his lamp left for sazed to use . 
 during most of sazed 's life , he had belonged to a class of servants prized for their refined sense of duty and decorum . 
 he 'd been in charge of households and manors , supervising servants just like the one who had led him to his rooms . 
 another life , he thought . 
 he had always been a little frustrated that his duties as a steward had left him little time for study . 
 how ironic it was that he should help overthrow the final empire , then find himself with even less time . 
 he reached to push open the door , and froze almost immediately . 
 there was already a light inside the room . 
 did they leave a lamp on for me ? 
 he wondered . 
 he slowly pushed the door open . 
 someone was waiting for him . 
 `` tindwyl , '' sazed said quietly . 
 she sat beside the room 's writing desk , collected and neatly dressed , as always . 
 `` sazed , '' she replied as he stepped in , shutting the door . 
 suddenly , he was even more acutely aware of his dirty robes . 
 `` you responded to my request , '' he said . 
 `` and you ignored mine . '' 
 sazed did n't meet her eyes . 
 he walked over , setting his lamp on top of the room 's bureau . 
 `` i noticed the king 's new clothing , and he appears to have gained a bearing to match them . 
 you have done well , i think . '' 
 `` we are only just started , '' she said dismissively . 
 `` you were right about him . '' 
 `` king venture is a very good man , '' sazed said , walking to the washbasin to wipe down his face . 
 he welcomed the cold water ; dealing with tindwyl was bound to tire him even further . 
 `` good men can make terrible kings , '' tindwyl noted . 
 `` but bad men can not make good kings , '' sazed said . 
 `` it is better to start with a good man and work on the rest , i think . '' 
 `` perhaps , '' tindwyl said . 
 she watched him with her normal hard expression . 
 others thought her cold-harsh , even . 
 but sazed had never seen that in her . 
 considering what she had been through , he found it remarkable-amazing , even-that she was so confident . 
 where did she get it ? 
 `` sazed , sazed ... '' she said . 
 `` why did you return to the central dominance ? 
 you know the directions the synod gave you . 
 you are supposed to be in the eastern dominance , teaching the people on the borders of the burnlands . '' 
 `` that is where i was , '' sazed said . 
 `` and now i am here . 
 the south will get along for a time without me , i think . '' 
 `` oh ? '' 
 tindwyl asked . 
 `` and who will teach them irrigation techniques , so they can produce enough food to survive the cold months ? 
 who will explain to them basic lawmaking principles so that they may govern themselves ? 
 who will show them how to reclaim their lost faiths and beliefs ? 
 you were always so passionate about that . '' 
 sazed set down the washcloth . 
 `` i will return to teach them when i am certain there is not a greater work i need to do . '' 
 `` what greater work could there be ? '' 
 tindwyl demanded . 
 `` this is our life 's duty , sazed . 
 this is the work of our entire people . 
 i know that luthadel is important to you , but there is nothing for you here . 
 i will care for your king . 
 you must go . '' 
 `` i appreciate your work with king venture , '' sazed said . 
 `` my course has little to do with him , however . 
 i have other research to do . '' 
 tindwyl frowned , eyeing him with a cool stare . 
 `` you 're still looking for this phantom connection of yours . 
 this foolishness with the mists . '' 
 `` there is something wrong , tindwyl , '' he said . 
 `` no , '' tindwyl said , sighing . 
 `` ca n't you see , sazed ? 
 you spent ten years working to overthrow the final empire . 
 now , you ca n't content yourself with regular work , so you have invented some grand threat to the land . 
 you 're afraid of being irrelevant . '' 
 sazed looked down . 
 `` perhaps . 
 if you are correct , then i will seek the forgiveness of the synod . 
 i should probably seek it anyway , i think . '' 
 `` oh , sazed , '' tindwyl said , shaking her head slightly . 
 `` i ca n't understand you . 
 it makes sense when young fire-heads like vedzan and rindel buck the synod 's advice . 
 but you ? 
 you are the soul of what it means to be terris-so calm , so humble , so careful and respectful . 
 so wise . 
 why are you the one who consistently defies our leaders ? 
 it does n't make sense . '' 
 `` i am not so wise as you think , tindwyl , '' sazed said quietly . 
 `` i am simply a man who must do as he believes . 
 right now , i believe there to be a danger in the mists , and i must investigate my impressions . 
 perhaps it is simply arrogance and foolishness . 
 but i would rather be known as arrogant and foolish than risk danger to the people of this land . '' 
 `` you will find nothing . '' 
 `` then i will be proven wrong , '' sazed said . 
 he turned , looking into her eyes . 
 `` but kindly remember that the last time i disobeyed the synod , the result was the collapse of the final empire and the freedom of our people . '' 
 tindwyl made a tight-lipped frown . 
 she did n't like being reminded of that fact-none of the keepers did . 
 they held that sazed had been wrong to disobey , but they could n't very well punish him for his success . 
 `` i do n't understand you , '' she repeated quietly . 
 `` you should be a leader among our people , sazed . 
 not our greatest rebel and dissident . 
 everyone wants to look up to you-but they ca n't . 
 must you defy every order you are given ? '' 
 he smiled wanly , but did not answer . 
 tindwyl sighed , rising . 
 she walked toward the door , but paused , taking his hand as she passed . 
 she looked into his eyes for a moment ; then he removed the hand . 
 she shook her head and left . 
 he commanded kings , and though he sought no empire , he became greater than all who had come before . 
 24 something is going on , vin thought , sitting in the mists atop keep venture . 
 sazed was not prone to exaggeration . 
 he was meticulous-that much showed in his mannerisms , his cleanliness , and even the way he spoke . 
 and , he was even more meticulous when it came to his studies . 
 vin was inclined to believe his discoveries . 
 and she 'd certainly seen things in the mists . 
 dangerous things . 
 could the mist spirit explain the deaths sazed had encountered ? 
 but , if that 's the case , why did n't sazed speak of figures in the mist ? 
 she sighed , closing her eyes and burning bronze . 
 she could hear the spirit , watching nearby . 
 and , she could hear it again as well , the strange thumping in the distance . 
 she opened her eyes , leaving her bronze on , and quietly unfolded something from her pocket : a sheet from the logbook . 
 by the light from elend 's balcony below , and with tin , she could easily read the words . 
 i sleep but a few hours each night . 
 we must press forward , traveling as much as we can each day-but when i finally lie down , i find sleep elusive . 
 the same thoughts that trouble me during the day are only compounded by the stillness of night . 
 and , above it all , i hear the thumping sounds from above , the pulsings from the mountains . 
 drawing me closer with each beat . 
 she shivered . 
 she had asked one of elend 's seekers to burn bronze , and he had claimed to hear nothing from the north . 
 either he was the kandra , lying to her about his ability to burn bronze , or vin could hear a rhythm that nobody else could . 
 nobody except a man a thousand years dead . 
 a man everyone had assumed was the hero of ages . 
 you 're being silly , she told herself , refolding the paper . 
 jumping to conclusions . 
 to her side , oreseur rustled , lying quietly and staring out over the city . 
 and yet , she kept thinking of sazed 's words . 
 something was happening with the mists . 
 something was wrong . 
 zane did n't find her atop keep hasting . 
 he stopped in the mists , standing quietly . 
 he 'd expected to find her waiting , for this was the place of their last fight . 
 even thinking of the event made him tense with anticipation . 
 during the months of sparring , they had always met again at the place where he 'd eventually lost her . 
 yet , he 'd returned to this location on several nights , and had never found her . 
 he frowned , thinking of straff 's orders , and of necessity . 
 eventually , he would likely be ordered to kill this girl . 
 he was n't certain what bothered him more-his growing reluctance to consider such an act , or his growing worry that he might not actually be able to beat her . 
 she could be it , he thought . 
 the thing that finally lets me resist . 
 the thing that convinces me to just ... leave . 
 he could n't explain why he needed a reason . 
 part of him simply ascribed it to his insanity , though the rational part of him felt that was a weak excuse . 
 deep down , he admitted that straff was all he had ever known . 
 zane would n't be able to leave until he knew he had someone else to rely on . 
 he turned away from keep hasting . 
 he 'd had enough of waiting ; it was time to seek her out . 
 zane threw a coin , bounding across the city for a time . 
 and , sure enough , there she was : sitting atop keep venture , watching over his foolish brother . 
 zane rounded the keep , keeping far enough away that even tin-enhanced eyes would n't see him . 
 he landed on the back of the keep 's roof , then walked forward quietly . 
 he approached , watching her sit on the edge of the roof . 
 the air was silent . 
 finally , she turned around , jumping slightly . 
 he swore that she could sense him when she should n't be able to . 
 either way , he was discovered . 
 `` zane , '' vin said flatly , easily identifying the silhouette . 
 he wore his customary black on black , with no mistcloak . 
 `` i 've been waiting , '' he said quietly . 
 `` atop keep hasting . 
 hoping you 'd come . '' 
 she sighed , careful to keep an eye on him , but relaxing slightly . 
 `` i 'm not really in the mood for sparring right now . '' 
 he watched her . 
 `` pity , '' he finally said . 
 he walked over , prompting vin to rise cautiously to her feet . 
 he paused beside the lip of the rooftop , looking down at elend 's lit balcony . 
 vin glanced at oreseur . 
 he was tense , alternately watching her and zane . 
 `` you 're so worried about him , '' zane said quietly . 
 `` elend ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 zane nodded . 
 `` even though he uses you . '' 
 `` we 've had this discussion , zane . 
 he is n't using me . '' 
 zane looked up at her , meeting her eyes , standing straight-backed and confident in the night . 
 he 's so strong , she thought . 
 so sure of himself . 
 so different from ... she stopped herself . 
 zane turned away . 
 `` tell me , vin , '' he said , `` when you were younger , did you ever wish for power ? '' 
 vin cocked her head , frowning at the strange question . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` you grew up on the streets , '' zane said . 
 `` when you were younger , did you wish for power ? 
 did you dream of having the ability to free yourself , to kill those who brutalized you ? '' 
 `` of course i did , '' vin said . 
 `` and now you have that power , '' zane said . 
 `` what would the child vin say if she could see you ? 
 a mistborn who is bent and bowed by the weight of another 's will ? 
 powerful , yet somehow still subservient ? '' 
 `` i 'm a different person now , zane , '' vin said . 
 `` i 'd like to think that i 've learned things since i was a child . '' 
 `` i 've found that a child 's instincts are often the most honest , '' zane said . 
 `` the most natural . '' 
 vin did n't respond . 
 zane turned quietly , looking out over the city , seemingly unconcerned that he was exposing his back to her . 
 vin eyed him , then dropped a coin . 
 it plinked against the metal rooftop , and he immediately glanced back toward her . 
 no , she thought , he does n't trust me . 
 he turned away again , and vin watched him . 
 she did understand what he meant , for she had once thought as he did . 
 idly , she wondered what kind of person she might have become if she 'd gained full access to her powers without-at the same time-learning of friendship and trust from kelsier 's crew . 
 `` what would you do , vin ? '' 
 zane asked , turning back toward her . 
 `` assuming you did n't have any constraints-assuming there were no repercussions for your actions ? '' 
 go north . 
 the thought was immediate . 
 find out what is causing that thumping . 
 she did n't say it , however . 
 `` i do n't know , '' she said instead . 
 he turned , eyeing her . 
 `` you are n't taking me seriously , i see . 
 i apologize for wasting your time . '' 
 he turned to go , walking directly between her and oreseur . 
 vin watched him , and felt a sudden stab of concern . 
 he 'd come to her , willing to talk rather than just fight-and she 'd wasted the opportunity . 
 she was never going to turn him to her side if she did n't talk to him . 
 `` you want to know what i 'd do ? '' 
 she asked , her voice ringing in the silent mists . 
 zane paused . 
 `` if i could just use my power as i wanted ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 `` no repercussions ? 
 i 'd protect him . '' 
 `` your king ? '' 
 zane asked , turning . 
 vin nodded sharply . 
 `` these men who brought armies against him-your master , this man named cett . 
 i 'd kill them . 
 i 'd use my power to make certain that nobody could threaten elend . '' 
 zane nodded quietly , and she saw respect in his eyes . 
 `` and why do n't you ? '' 
 `` because ... '' `` i see the confusion in your eyes , '' zane said . 
 `` you know that your instincts to kill those men are right-yet you hold back . 
 because of him . '' 
 `` there would be repercussions , zane , '' vin said . 
 `` if i killed those men , their armies might just attack . 
 right now , diplomacy could still work . '' 
 `` perhaps , '' zane said . 
 `` until he asks you to go kill someone for him . '' 
 vin snorted . 
 `` elend does n't work that way . 
 he does n't give me orders , and the only people i kill are the ones who try to kill him first . '' 
 `` oh ? '' 
 zane said . 
 `` you may not act at his order , vin , but you certainly refrain from action at it . 
 you are his toy . 
 i do n't say this to insult you-you see , i 'm as much a toy as you are . 
 neither of us can break free . 
 not alone . '' 
 suddenly , the coin vin had dropped snapped into the air , flying toward zane . 
 she tensed , but it simply streaked into zane 's waiting hand . 
 `` it 's interesting , '' he said , turning the coin in his fingers . 
 `` many mistborn stop seeing the value in coins . 
 to us , they simply become something to be used for jumping . 
 it 's easy to forget the value of something when you use it so often . 
 when it becomes commonplace and convenient to you . 
 when it becomes ... just a tool . '' 
 he flipped the coin up , then shot it out into the night . 
 `` i must go , '' he said , turning . 
 vin raised a hand . 
 seeing him use allomancy made her realize that there was another reason she wanted to speak with him . 
 it had been so long since she 'd talked with another mistborn , one who understood her powers . 
 someone like her . 
 but , it seemed to her that she was too desperate for him to stay . 
 so she let him go , and returned to her vigil . 
 he fathered no children , yet all of the land became his progeny . 
 25 vin was a very light sleeper-a heritage from her youth . 
 thieving crews worked together out of necessity , and any man who could n't guard his own possessions was considered to be unworthy of them . 
 vin , of course , had been at the very bottom of the hierarchy-and while she had n't had many possessions to protect , being a young girl in a primarily male environment gave her other reasons to be a light sleeper . 
 so it was that when she awoke to a quiet bark of warning , she reacted without thinking . 
 she tossed off her covers , reaching immediately for the vial on her bedstand . 
 she did n't sleep with metals inside of her ; many of the allomantic metals were , to some small extent , poisonous . 
 it was unavoidable that she 'd have to deal with some of that danger , but she had been warned to burn away excess metals at the end of each day . 
 she downed this vial even as she reached for the obsidian daggers hidden beneath her pillow . 
 the door to her sleeping chamber swung open , and tindwyl walked in . 
 the terriswoman froze in midstep as she saw vin crouching on the bed 's footboard a few feet away , twin daggers glistening , body tense . 
 tindwyl raised an eyebrow . 
 `` so you are awake . '' 
 `` now . '' 
 the terriswoman smiled . 
 `` what are you doing in my rooms ? '' 
 vin demanded . 
 `` i came to wake you . 
 i thought we might go shopping . '' 
 `` shopping ? '' 
 `` yes , dear , '' tindwyl said , walking over to pull open the curtains . 
 it was far earlier in the day than vin usually rose . 
 `` from what i hear , you 're going to meet with his majesty 's father on the morrow . 
 you 'll want a suitable dress for the occasion , i assume ? '' 
 `` i do n't wear dresses anymore . '' 
 what is your game ? 
 tindwyl turned , eyeing vin . 
 `` you sleep in your clothing ? '' 
 vin nodded . 
 `` you do n't keep any ladies-in-waiting ? '' 
 vin shook her head . 
 `` very well , then , '' tindwyl said , turning to walk from the room . 
 `` bathe and change . 
 we 'll leave when you 're ready . '' 
 `` i do n't take commands from you . '' 
 tindwyl paused by the door , turning . 
 then her face softened . 
 `` i know you do n't , child . 
 you may come with me if you wish-the choice is yours . 
 however , do you really want to meet with straff venture in trousers and a shirt ? '' 
 vin hesitated . 
 `` at least come browse , '' tindwyl said . 
 `` it will help take your mind off things . '' 
 finally , vin nodded . 
 tindwyl smiled again , then left . 
 vin glanced at oreseur , who sat beside her bed . 
 `` thanks for the warning . '' 
 the kandra shrugged . 
 once , vin would n't have been able to imagine living in a place like keep venture . 
 the young vin had been accustomed to hidden lairs , skaa hovels , and the occasional alley . 
 now she lived in a building bespeckled with stained glass , bounded by mighty walls and grand archways . 
 of course , vin thought as she left the stairwell , many things have happened that i did n't expect . 
 why think about them now ? 
 her youth in the thieving crews had been much on her mind of late , and zane 's comments-ridiculous though they were-itched in her mind . 
 did vin belong in a place like this keep ? 
 she had a great many skills , but few of them were beautiful hallway kinds of skills . 
 they were more...ash-stained alleyway kinds of skills . 
 she sighed , oreseur at her side as she made her way to the southern entryway , where tindwyl said she 'd be waiting . 
 the hallway here grew wide and grand , and opened directly into the courtyard . 
 usually , coaches came right up into the entryway to pick up their occupants-that way the noblemen would n't be exposed to the elements . 
 as she approached , her tin let her hear voices . 
 one was tindwyl , the other ... `` i did n't bring much , '' allrianne said . 
 `` a couple hundred boxings . 
 but i do so need something to wear . 
 i ca n't survive on borrowed gowns forever ! '' 
 vin paused as she turned into the last part of the hallway . 
 `` the king 's gift will surely be enough to pay for a dress , dear , '' tindwyl said , noticing vin . 
 `` ah , here she is . '' 
 a sullen-looking spook stood with the two women . 
 he had on his palace guard 's uniform , though he wore the jacket undone and the trousers loose . 
 vin walked forward slowly . 
 `` i was n't expecting company , '' she said . 
 `` young allrianne was trained as a courtly noblewoman , '' tindwyl said . 
 `` she will know the current fashions , and will be able to advise on your purchases . '' 
 `` and spook ? '' 
 tindwyl turned , eyeing the boy . 
 `` packman . '' 
 well , that explains his mood , vin thought . 
 `` come , '' tindwyl said , walking toward the courtyard . 
 allrianne followed quickly , walking with a light , graceful step . 
 vin glanced at spook , who shrugged , and they followed as well . 
 `` how did you get pulled into this ? '' 
 vin whispered to spook . 
 `` was up too early , sneaking food , '' spook grumbled . 
 `` miss imposing there noticed me , smiled like a wolfhound , and said , ` we 'll be needing your services this afternoon , young man . ' '' 
 vin nodded . 
 `` stay alert and keep your tin burning . 
 remember , we 're at war . '' 
 spook obediently did what she said . 
 standing close to him as she was , vin easily picked up and identified his tin 's allomantic pulses-meaning he was n't the spy . 
 another one off the list , vin thought . 
 at least this trip wo n't be a total waste . 
 a coach waited for them by the front keep gates . 
 spook climbed up beside the coachman , and the women piled into the back . 
 vin sat down inside , and oreseur climbed in and took the seat next to her . 
 allrianne and tindwyl sat across from her , and allrianne eyed oreseur with a frown , wrinkling her nose . 
 `` does the animal have to sit on the seats with us ? '' 
 `` yes , '' vin said as the carriage started moving . 
 allrianne obviously expected more of an explanation , but vin did n't give one . 
 finally , allrianne turned to look out the window . 
 `` are you sure we 'll be safe , traveling with only one manservant , tindwyl ? '' 
 tindwyl eyed vin . 
 `` oh , i think that we 'll be all right . '' 
 `` oh , that 's right , '' allrianne said , looking back at vin . 
 `` you 're an allomancer ! 
 are the things they say true ? '' 
 `` what things ? '' 
 vin asked quietly . 
 `` well , they say you killed the lord ruler , for one . 
 and that you 're kind of ... um ... well . '' 
 allrianne bit her lip . 
 `` well , just a little bit rickety . '' 
 `` rickety ? '' 
 `` and dangerous , '' allrianne said . 
 `` but , well , that ca n't be true . 
 i mean , you 're going shopping with us , right ? '' 
 is she trying to provoke me on purpose ? 
 `` do you always wear clothing like that ? '' 
 allrianne asked . 
 vin was in her standard gray trousers and tan shirt . 
 `` it 's easy to fight in . '' 
 `` yes , but ... well . '' 
 allrianne smiled . 
 `` i guess that 's why we 're here today , right , tindwyl ? '' 
 `` yes , dear , '' tindwyl said . 
 she 'd been studying vin through the entire conversation . 
 like what you see ? 
 vin thought . 
 what is it you want ? 
 `` you have to be the strangest noblewoman i 've ever met , '' allrianne declared . 
 `` did you grow up far from court ? 
 i did , but my mother was quite certain to train me well . 
 of course , she was just trying to make me into a good catch so father could auction me off to make an alliance . '' 
 allrianne smiled . 
 it had been a while since vin had been forced to deal with women like her . 
 she remembered hours spent at court , smiling , pretending to be valette renoux . 
 often when she thought of those days , she remembered the bad things . 
 the spite she 'd faced from court members , her own lack of comfort in the role . 
 but , there had also been good things . 
 elend was one . 
 she would never have met him if she had n't been pretending to be a noblewoman . 
 and the balls-with their colors , their music , and their gowns-had held a certain transfixing charm . 
 the graceful dancing , the careful interactions , the perfectly decorated rooms ... those things are gone now , she told herself . 
 we do n't have time for silly balls and gatherings , not when the dominance is on the verge of collapse . 
 tindwyl was still watching her . 
 `` well ? '' 
 allrianne asked . 
 `` what ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 `` did you grow up far from court ? '' 
 `` i 'm not noble , allrianne . 
 i 'm skaa . '' 
 allrianne paled , then flushed , then raised her fingers to her lips . 
 `` oh ! 
 you poor thing ! '' 
 vin 's augmented ears heard something beside her-a light chuckling from oreseur , soft enough that only an allomancer could have heard him . 
 she resisted the urge to shoot the kandra a flat look . 
 `` it was n't so bad , '' she said . 
 `` but , well , no wonder you do n't know how to dress ! '' 
 allrianne said . 
 `` i know how to dress , '' vin said . 
 `` i even own a few gowns . '' 
 not that i 've put one on in months ... allrianne nodded , though she obviously did n't believe vin 's comment . 
 `` breezy is skaa , too , '' she said quietly . 
 `` or , half skaa . 
 he told me . 
 good thing he did n't tell father-father never has been very nice to skaa . '' 
 vin did n't reply . 
 eventually , they reached kenton street , and the crowds made the carriage a liability . 
 vin climbed out first , oreseur hopping down to the cobblestones beside her . 
 the market street was busy , though not as packed as it had been the last time she 'd visited . 
 vin glanced over the prices at some nearby shops as the others exited the coach . 
 five boxings for a bin of aging apples , vin thought with dissatisfaction . 
 food is already going at a premium . 
 elend had stores , fortunately . 
 but how long would they last before the siege ? 
 not through the approaching winter , certainly-not with so much of the dominance 's grain still unharvested in the outer plantations . 
 time may be our friend now , vin thought , but it will turn on us eventually . 
 they had to get those armies to fight each other . 
 otherwise , the city 's people might die of starvation before the soldiers even tried to take the walls . 
 spook hopped down from the carriage , joining them as tindwyl surveyed the street . 
 vin eyed the bustling crowds . 
 the people were obviously trying to go about their daily activities , despite the threat from outside . 
 what else could they do ? 
 the siege had already lasted for weeks . 
 life had to go on . 
 `` there , '' tindwyl said , pointing to a dressmaker 's shop . 
 allrianne scampered forward . 
 tindwyl followed behind , walking with modest decorum . 
 `` eager young thing , is n't she ? '' 
 the terriswoman asked . 
 vin shrugged . 
 the blond noblewoman had already gotten spook 's attention ; he was following her with a lively step . 
 of course , it was n't hard to get spook 's attention . 
 you just had to have br ** sts and smell nice-and the second was sometimes optional . 
 tindwyl smiled . 
 `` she probably has n't had an opportunity to go shopping since she left with her father 's army weeks ago . '' 
 `` you sound like you think she went through some awful ordeal , '' vin said . 
 `` just because she could n't go shopping . '' 
 `` she obviously enjoys it , '' tindwyl said . 
 `` surely you can understand being taken from that which you love . '' 
 vin shrugged as they reached the shop . 
 `` i have trouble feeling sympathy for a courtly puff who is tragically taken from her dresses . '' 
 tindwyl frowned slightly as they entered the shop , oreseur settling down to wait outside . 
 `` do not be so hard on the child . 
 she is a product of her upbringing , just as you are . 
 if you judge her worth based on frivolities , then you are doing the same as those who judge you based on your simple clothing . '' 
 `` i like it when people judge me based on my simple clothing , '' vin said . 
 `` then they do n't expect too much . '' 
 `` i see , '' tindwyl said . 
 `` then , you have n't missed this at all ? '' 
 she nodded toward the shop 's inner room . 
 vin paused . 
 the room burst with colors and fabric , lace and velvet , bodices and skirts . 
 everything was powdered with a light perfume . 
 standing before the dressing dummies in their brilliant hues , vin was-for just a moment-again taken back to the balls . 
 back to when she was valette . 
 back to when she had an excuse to be valette . 
 `` they say you enjoyed noble society , '' tindwyl said lightly , walking forward . 
 allrianne was already standing near the front of the room , running her fingers across a bolt of fabric , talking to the dressmaker in a firm voice . 
 `` who told you that ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 tindwyl turned back . 
 `` why , your friends , dear . 
 it 's quite curious-they say you stopped wearing dresses a few months after the collapse . 
 they all wonder why . 
 they say you seemed to like dressing like a woman , but i guess they were wrong . '' 
 `` no , '' vin said quietly . 
 `` they were right . '' 
 tindwyl raised an eyebrow , pausing beside a dressmaker 's dummy in a bright green dress , edged with lace , the bottom flaring wide with several underskirts . 
 vin approached , looking up at the gorgeous costume . 
 `` i was beginning to like dressing like this . 
 that was the problem . '' 
 `` i do n't see a problem in that , dear . '' 
 vin turned away from the gown . 
 `` this is n't me . 
 it never was-it was just an act . 
 when wearing a dress like that , it 's too easy to forget who you really are . '' 
 `` and these dresses ca n't be part of who you really are ? '' 
 vin shook her head . 
 `` dresses and gowns are part of who she is . '' 
 she nodded toward allrianne . 
 `` i need to be something else . 
 something harder . '' 
 i should n't have come here . 
 tindwyl laid a hand on vin 's shoulder . 
 `` why have n't you married him , child ? '' 
 vin looked up sharply . 
 `` what kind of question is that ? '' 
 `` an honest one , '' tindwyl said . 
 she seemed far less harsh than she had been the other times vin had met her . 
 of course , during those times , she had mostly been addressing elend . 
 `` that topic is not your concern , '' vin said . 
 `` the king has asked me to help him improve his image , '' tindwyl said . 
 `` and i have taken it upon myself to do more than that-i want to make a real king of him , if i can . 
 there is some great potential in him , i think . 
 however , he 's not going to be able to realize it until he 's more sure about certain things in his life . 
 you in particular . '' 
 `` i. . . '' 
 vin closed her eyes , remembering his marriage proposal . 
 that night , on the balcony , ash lightly falling in the night . 
 she remembered her terror . 
 she 'd known , of course , where the relationship was going . 
 why had she been so frightened ? 
 that was the day she 'd stopped wearing dresses . 
 `` he should n't have asked me , '' vin said quietly , opening her eyes . 
 `` he ca n't marry me . '' 
 `` he loves you , child , '' tindwyl said . 
 `` in a way , that is unfortunate-this would all be much easier if he could feel otherwise . 
 however , as things stand ... '' vin shook her head . 
 `` i 'm wrong for him . '' 
 `` ah , '' tindwyl said . 
 `` i see . '' 
 `` he needs something else , '' vin said . 
 `` something better . 
 a woman who can be a queen , not just a bodyguard . 
 someone ... '' vin 's stomach twisted . 
 `` someone more like her . '' 
 tindwyl glanced toward allrianne , who laughed at a comment made by the elderly dressmaker as he took her measurements . 
 `` you are the one he fell in love with , child , '' tindwyl said . 
 `` when i was pretending to be like her . '' 
 tindwyl smiled . 
 `` somehow , i doubt that you could be like allrianne , no matter how hard you practiced . '' 
 `` perhaps , '' vin said . 
 `` either way , it was my courtly performance that he loved . 
 he did n't know what i really was . '' 
 `` and has he abandoned you now that he does know of it ? '' 
 `` well , no . 
 but - '' `` all people are more complex than they first appear , '' tindwyl said . 
 `` allrianne , for instance , is eager and young-perhaps a bit too outspoken . 
 but she knows more of the court than many would expect , and she seems to know how to recognize what is good in a person . 
 that is a talent many lack . 
 `` your king is a humble scholar and thinker , but he has the will of a warrior . 
 he is a man who has the nerve to fight , and i think-perhaps-you have yet to see the best of him . 
 the soother breeze is a cynical , mocking man-until he looks at young allrianne . 
 then he softens , and one wonders how much of his harsh unconcern is an act . '' 
 tindwyl paused , looking at vin . 
 `` and you . 
 you are so much more than you are willing to accept , child . 
 why look at only one side of yourself , when your elend sees so much more ? '' 
 `` is that what this is all about ? '' 
 vin said . 
 `` you trying to turn me into a queen for elend ? '' 
 `` no , child , '' tindwyl said . 
 `` i wish to help you turn into whoever you are . 
 now , go let the man take your measurements so you can try on some stock dresses . '' 
 whoever i am ? 
 vin thought , frowning . 
 however , she let the tall terriswoman push her forward , and the elderly dressmaker took his tape and began to measure . 
 a few moments and a changing room later , vin stepped back into the room wearing a memory . 
 silky blue with white lace , the gown was tight at the waist and through the bust , but had a large , flowing bottom . 
 the numerous skirts made it flare out , tapering down in a triangular shape , her feet completely covered , the bottom of the skirt flush with the floor . 
 it was terribly impractical . 
 it rustled when she moved , and she had to be careful where she stepped to keep it from catching or brushing a dirty surface . 
 but it was beautiful , and it made her feel beautiful . 
 she almost expected a band to start playing , sazed to stand over her shoulder like a protective sentry , and elend to appear in the distance , lounging and watching couples dance as he flipped through a book . 
 vin walked forward , letting the dressmaker watch where the garment pinched and where it bunched , and allrianne let out an `` ooo '' as she saw vin . 
 the old dressmaker leaned on his cane , dictating notes to a young assistant . 
 `` move around a bit more , my lady , '' he requested . 
 `` let me see how it fits when you do more than just walk in a straight line . '' 
 vin spun slightly , turning on one foot , trying to remember the dancing moves sazed had taught her . 
 i never did get to dance with elend , she realized , stepping to the side , as if to music she could only faintly remember . 
 he always found an excuse to wiggle out of it . 
 she twirled , getting a feel for the dress . 
 she would have thought that her instincts would have decayed . 
 now that she had one on again , however , she was surprised at how easy it was to fall back into those habits-stepping lightly , turning so that the bottom of the dress flared just a bit ... she paused . 
 the dressmaker was no longer dictating . 
 he watched her quietly , smiling . 
 `` what ? '' 
 vin asked , flushing . 
 `` i 'm sorry , my lady , '' he said , turning to tap on his assistant 's notebook , sending the boy away with a point of his finger . 
 `` but i do n't rightly think i 've ever seen someone move so gracefully . 
 like a. . . 
 passing breath . '' 
 `` you flatter me , '' vin said . 
 `` no , child , '' tindwyl said , standing to the side . 
 `` he 's right . 
 you move with a grace that most women can only envy . '' 
 the dressmaker smiled again , turning as his assistant approached with a group of square cloth color samples . 
 the old man began to sort through them with a wizened hand , and vin stepped over to tindwyl , holding her hands at the sides , trying not to let the traitorous dress take control of her again . 
 `` why are you being so nice to me ? '' 
 vin demanded quietly . 
 `` why should n't i be ? '' 
 tindwyl asked . 
 `` because you 're mean to elend , '' vin said . 
 `` do n't deny it-i 've listened in on your lessons . 
 you spend the time insulting and disparaging him . 
 but now you 're pretending to be nice . '' 
 tindwyl smiled . 
 `` i am not pretending , child . '' 
 `` then why are you so mean to elend ? '' 
 `` the lad grew up as a pampered son of a great lord , '' tindwyl said . 
 `` now that he 's king , he needs a little harsh truth , i think . '' 
 she paused , glancing down at vin . 
 `` i sense that you 've had quite enough of that in your life . '' 
 the dressmaker approached with his swatches , spreading them out on a low table . 
 `` now , my lady , '' he said , tapping one group with a bent finger . 
 `` i think your coloring would look particularly good with dark cloth . 
 a nice maroon , perhaps ? '' 
 `` what about a black ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 `` heavens , no , '' tindwyl said . 
 `` absolutely no more black or gray for you , child . '' 
 `` what about this one , then ? '' 
 vin asked , pulling out a royal blue swatch . 
 it was nearly the shade she 'd worn the first night she 'd met elend , so long ago . 
 `` ah , yes , '' the dressmaker said . 
 `` that would look wonderful against that light skin and dark hair . 
 hum , yes . 
 now , we 'll have to pick a style . 
 you need this by tomorrow evening , the terriswoman said ? '' 
 vin nodded . 
 `` ah , then . 
 we 'll have to modify one of the stock dresses , but i think i have one in this color . 
 we 'll have to take it in quite a bit , but we can work through the night for a beauty like yourself , ca n't we , lad ? 
 now , as for the style ... '' `` this is fine , i guess , '' vin said , looking down . 
 the gown was the standard cut of those she 'd worn at previous balls . 
 `` well , we 're not looking for ` fine , ' now , are we ? '' 
 the dressmaker said with a smile . 
 `` what if we removed some of the pettiskirts ? '' 
 tindwyl said , pulling at the sides of vin 's dress . 
 `` and perhaps raised the hem just a bit , so that she could move more freely ? '' 
 vin paused . 
 `` you could do that ? '' 
 `` of course , '' the dressmaker said . 
 `` the lad says thinner skirts are more popular to the south , though they tend to lag in fashion a bit behind luthadel . '' 
 he paused . 
 `` though , i do n't know that luthadel even really has a fashion anymore ... '' `` make cuffs of the sleeves wide , '' tindwyl said . 
 `` and sew a couple of pockets into them for certain personal items . '' 
 the old man nodded as his quiet assistant scribbled down the suggestion . 
 `` the chest and waist can be tight , '' tindwyl continued , `` but not restrictive . 
 lady vin needs to be able to move freely . '' 
 the old man paused . 
 `` lady vin ? '' 
 he asked . 
 he looked a little closer at vin , squinting , then turned to his assistant . 
 the boy nodded quietly . 
 `` i see ... '' the man said , paling , hand shaking just a little bit more . 
 he placed it on the top of his cane , as if to give himself a little more stability . 
 `` i 'm ... i 'm sorry if i offended you , my lady . 
 i did n't know . '' 
 vin flushed again . 
 another reason why i should n't go shopping . 
 `` no , '' she said , reassuring the man . 
 `` it 's all right . 
 you have n't offended me . '' 
 he relaxed slightly , and vin noticed spook strolling over . 
 `` looks like we 've been found , '' spook said , nodding to the front windows . 
 vin glanced past dressing dummies and bales of cloth to see a crowd gathering outside . 
 tindwyl watched vin with curiosity . 
 spook shook his head . 
 `` why do you get to be so popular ? '' 
 `` i killed their god , '' vin said quietly , ducking around a dressing dummy , hiding from the dozens of peeking eyes . 
 `` i helped too , '' spook said . 
 `` i even got my nickname from kelsier himself ! 
 but nobody cares about poor little spook . '' 
 vin scanned the room for windows . 
 there 's got to be a back door . 
 of course , there might be people in the alley . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 tindwyl asked . 
 `` i have to go , '' vin said . 
 `` get away from them . '' 
 `` why do n't you go out and talk to them ? '' 
 tindwyl asked . 
 `` they 're obviously very interested in seeing you . '' 
 allrianne emerged from a dressing room-wearing a gown of yellow and blue-and twirled dramatically . 
 she was obviously put out when she did n't even get spook 's attention . 
 `` i 'm not going out there , '' vin said . 
 `` why would i want to do something like that ? '' 
 `` they need hope , '' tindwyl said . 
 `` hope you can give them . '' 
 `` a false hope , '' vin said . 
 `` i 'd only encourage them to think of me as some object of worship . '' 
 `` that 's not true , '' allrianne said suddenly , walking forward , looking out the windows without the least bit of embarrassment . 
 `` hiding in corners , wearing strange clothing , and being mysterious-that 's what has gotten you this amazing reputation . 
 if people knew how ordinary you were , they would n't be so crazy to get a look at you . '' 
 she paused , then looked back . 
 `` i. . . 
 uh , did n't mean that like i think it sounded . '' 
 vin flushed . 
 `` i 'm not kelsier , tindwyl . 
 i do n't want people to worship me . 
 i just want to be left alone . '' 
 `` some people do n't have that choice , child , '' tindwyl said . 
 `` you struck down the lord ruler . 
 you were trained by the survivor , and you are the king 's consort . '' 
 `` i 'm not his consort , '' vin said , flushing . 
 `` we 're just ... '' lord , even i do n't understand our relationship . 
 how am i supposed to explain it ? 
 tindwyl raised an eyebrow . 
 `` all right , '' vin said , sighing and walking forward . 
 `` i 'll go with you , '' allrianne said , grabbing vin 's arm as if they had been friends since childhood . 
 vin resisted , but could n't figure a way to pry her off without making a scene . 
 they stepped out of the shop . 
 the crowd was already large , and the periphery was filling as more and more people came to investigate . 
 most were skaa in brown , ash-stained work coats or simple gray dresses . 
 the ones in the front backed away as vin stepped out , giving her a little ring of empty space , and a murmur of awed excitement moved through the crowd . 
 `` wow , '' allrianne said quietly . 
 `` there sure are a lot of them ... '' vin nodded . 
 oreseur sat where he had before , near the door , and he watched her with a curious canine expression . 
 allrianne smiled at the crowd , waving with a sudden hesitance . 
 `` you can , you know , fight them off or something if this turns messy , right ? '' 
 `` that wo n't be necessary , '' vin said , finally slipping her arm free of allrianne 's grasp and giving the crowd a bit of a soothing to calm them . 
 after that , she stepped forward , trying to push down her sense of itching nervousness . 
 she 'd grown to no longer feel she needed to hide when she went out in public , but standing before a crowd like this ... well , she almost turned and slinked back into the dressmaker 's shop . 
 a voice , however , stopped her . 
 the speaker was a middle-aged man with an ash-stained beard and a dirty black cap held nervously in his hands . 
 he was a strong man , probably a mill worker . 
 his quiet voice seemed a contrast to his powerful build . 
 `` lady heir . 
 what will become of us ? '' 
 the terror-the uncertainty-in the large man 's voice was so piteous that vin hesitated . 
 he regarded her with hopeful eyes , as did most of the others . 
 so many , vin thought . 
 i thought the church of the survivor was small . 
 she looked at the man , who stood wringing his cap . 
 she opened her mouth , but then ... could n't do it . 
 she could n't tell him that she did n't know what would happen ; she could n't explain to those eyes that she was n't the savior that he needed . 
 `` everything will be all right , '' vin heard herself say , increasing her soothing , trying to take away some of their fear . 
 `` but the armies , lady heir ! '' 
 one of the women said . 
 `` they 're trying to intimidate us , '' vin said . 
 `` but the king wo n't let them . 
 our walls are strong , as are our soldiers . 
 we can outlast this siege . '' 
 the crowd was silent . 
 `` one of those armies is led by elend 's father , straff venture , '' vin said . 
 `` elend and i are going to go meet with straff tomorrow . 
 we will persuade him to be our ally . '' 
 `` the king is going to surrender ! '' 
 a voice said . 
 `` i heard it . 
 he 's going to trade the city for his life . '' 
 `` no , '' vin said . 
 `` he would never do that !! '' 
 `` he wo n't fight for us ! '' 
 a voice called . 
 `` he 's not a soldier . 
 he 's a politician ! '' 
 other voices called out in agreement . 
 reverence disappeared as people began to yell out concerns , while others began to demand help . 
 the dissidents continued to rail against elend , yelling that there was no way he could protect them . 
 vin raised her hands to her ears . 
 trying to ward off the crowd , the chaos . 
 `` stop ! '' 
 she yelled , pushing out with steel and brass . 
 several people stumbled back away from her , and she could see a wave in the crowd as buttons , coins , and buckles suddenly pressed backward . 
 the people grew suddenly quiet . 
 `` i will suffer no ill words spoken of our king ! '' 
 vin said , flaring her brass and increasing her soothing . 
 `` he is a good man , and a good leader . 
 he has sacrificed much for you-your freedom comes because of his long hours spent drafting laws , and your livelihoods come because of his work securing trade routes and agreements with merchants . '' 
 many members of the crowd looked down . 
 the bearded man at the front continued to twist his cap , however , looking at vin . 
 `` they 're just right frightened , lady heir . 
 right frightened . '' 
 `` we 'll protect you , '' vin said . 
 what am i saying ? 
 `` elend and i , we 'll find a way . 
 we stopped the lord ruler . 
 we can stop these armies ... '' she trailed off , feeling foolish . 
 yet , the crowd responded . 
 some were obviously still unsatisfied , but many seemed calmed . 
 the crowd began to break up , though some of its members came forward , leading or carrying small children . 
 vin paused nervously . 
 kelsier had often met with and held the children of the skaa , as if giving them his blessing . 
 she bid the group a hasty farewell and ducked back into the shop , pulling allrianne after her . 
 tindwyl waited inside , nodding with satisfaction . 
 `` i lied , '' vin said , pushing the door closed . 
 `` no you did n't , '' tindwyl said . 
 `` you were optimistic . 
 the truth or fiction of what you said has yet to be proven . '' 
 `` it wo n't happen , '' vin said . 
 `` elend ca n't defeat three armies , not even with my help . '' 
 tindwyl raised an eyebrow . 
 `` then you should leave . 
 run away , leave the people to deal with the armies themselves . '' 
 `` i did n't mean that , '' vin said . 
 `` well , make a decision then , '' tindwyl said . 
 `` either give up on the city or believe in it . 
 honestly , the pair of you ... '' she shook her head . 
 `` i thought you were n't going to be harsh with me , '' vin noted . 
 `` i have trouble with that sometimes , '' tindwyl said . 
 `` come , allrianne . 
 let 's finish your fitting . '' 
 they moved to do so . 
 however , at that moment-as if to belie vin 's assurances of safety-several warning drums began to beat atop the city wall . 
 vin froze , glancing through the window , out over the anxious crowd . 
 one of the armies was attacking . 
 cursing the delay , she rushed into the back of the shop to change out of the bulky dress . 
 elend scrambled up the steps to the city wall , nearly tripping on his dueling cane in his haste . 
 he stumbled out of the stairwell , moving onto the wall top , rearranging the cane at his side with a curse . 
 the wall top was in chaos . 
 men scrambled about , calling to each other . 
 some had forgotten their armor , others their bows . 
 so many tried to get up after elend that the stairwell got clogged , and he watched hopelessly as men crowded around the openings below , creating an even larger jam of bodies in the courtyard . 
 elend spun , watching a large group of straff 's men-thousands of them-rush toward the wall . 
 elend stood near tin gate , at the north of the city , nearest straff 's army . 
 he could see a separate group of soldiers rushing toward pewter gate , a little to the east . 
 `` archers ! '' 
 elend yelled . 
 `` men , where are your bows ? '' 
 his voice , however , was lost in the shouting . 
 captains moved about , trying to organize the men , but apparently too many footmen had come to the wall , leaving a lot of the archers trapped in the courtyard below . 
 why ? 
 elend thought desperately , turning back toward the charging army . 
 why is he attacking ? 
 we had an a agreement to meet ! 
 had he , perhaps , gotten wind of elend 's plan to play both sides of the conflict ? 
 perhaps there really was a spy in the inner crew . 
 either way , elend could only watch hopelessly as the army approached his wall . 
 one captain managed to get off a pathetic volley of arrows , but it did n't do much good . 
 as the army approached , arrows began to zip up toward the wall , mixed with flying coins . 
 straff had allomancers in the group . 
 elend cursed , ducking down below a merlon as coins bounced against the stonework . 
 a few soldiers fell . 
 elend 's soldiers . 
 killed because he 'd been too proud to surrender the city . 
 he peeked carefully over the wall . 
 a group of men carrying a battering ram were approaching , their bodies carefully protected by men with shields . 
 the care probably meant that the rammers were thugs , a suspicion confirmed by the sound the ram made when it smashed into the gate . 
 that was not the blow of ordinary men . 
 hooks followed next . 
 shot up toward the wall by coinshots below , falling far more accurately than if they 'd been thrown . 
 soldiers moved to pull them off , but coins shot up , taking the men almost as quickly as they made the attempt . 
 the gate continued to thump beneath him , and he doubted it would last for long . 
 and so we fall , elend thought . 
 with barely a hint of resistance . 
 and there was nothing he could do . 
 he felt impotent , forced to keep ducking down lest his white uniform make him a target . 
 all of his politicking , all of his preparations , all of his dreams and his plans . 
 gone . 
 and then vin was there . 
 she landed atop the wall , breathing hard , amid a group of wounded men . 
 coins and arrows that came near to her deflected back out into the air . 
 men rallied around her , moving to remove hooks and pull the wounded to safety . 
 her knives cut ropes , dropping them back down below . 
 she met elend 's eyes , looking determined , then moved as if to leap over the side of the wall and confront the thugs with their battering ram . 
 elend raised a hand , but someone else spoke . 
 `` vin , wait ! '' 
 clubs bellowed , bursting out of the stairwell . 
 she paused . 
 elend had never heard such a forceful command from the gnarled general . 
 arrows stopped flying . 
 the booming calmed . 
 elend stood hesitantly , watching with a frown as the army retreated back across the ash-strewn fields toward their camp . 
 they left a couple of corpses behind ; elend 's men had actually managed to hit a few with their arrows . 
 his own army had taken far heavier casualties : some two dozen men appeared to be wounded . 
 `` what ... ? '' 
 elend asked , turning to clubs . 
 `` they were n't putting up scaling ladders , '' clubs said , eyeing the retreating force . 
 `` this was n't an actual attack . '' 
 `` what was it then ? '' 
 vin asked , frowning . 
 `` a test , '' clubs said . 
 `` it 's common in warfare-a quick skirmish to see how your enemy responds , to feel out their tactics and preparations . '' 
 elend turned , watching the disorganized soldiers make way for healers to care for the wounded . 
 `` a test , '' he said , glancing at clubs . 
 `` my guess is that we did n't do very well . '' 
 clubs shrugged . 
 `` far worse than we should have . 
 maybe this will scare the lads into paying better attention during drills . '' 
 he paused , and elend could see something he was n't expressing . 
 worry . 
 elend glanced out over the wall , watching the retreating army . 
 suddenly , it made sense . 
 it was exactly the kind of move that his father liked to make . 
 the meeting with straff would take place as planned . 
 however , before it happened , straff wanted elend to know something . 
 i can take this city any time , the attack seemed to say . 
 it 's mine , no matter what you do . 
 remember that . 
 he was forced into war by a misunderstanding-and always claimed he was no warrior-yet he came to fight as well as any man . 
 26 `` this is not a good idea , mistress . '' 
 oreseur sat on his haunches , watching vin unpack a large , flat box . 
 `` elend thinks it 's the only way , '' she said , pulling off the top of the box . 
 the luxurious blue dress lay wrapped within . 
 she pulled it out , noting its comparatively light weight . 
 she walked over to the changing screen and began to disrobe . 
 `` and the assault on the walls yesterday ? '' 
 oreseur asked . 
 `` that was a warning , '' she said , continuing to unbutton her shirt . 
 `` not a serious attack . '' 
 though , apparently , it had really unsettled the assembly . 
 perhaps that had been the point . 
 clubs could say all he wished about strategy and testing the walls , but from vin 's standpoint , the thing straff had gained most was even more fear and chaos inside luthadel . 
 only a few weeks of being besieged , and the city was already strained near to breaking . 
 food was terribly expensive , and elend had been forced to open the city stockpiles . 
 the people were on edge . 
 some few thought the attack had been a victory for luthadel , taking it as a good sign that the army had been `` repelled . '' 
 most , however , were simply even more scared than they had been before . 
 but , again , vin was left with a conundrum . 
 how to react , facing such an overpowering force ? 
 cower , or try to continue with life ? 
 straff had tested the walls , true-but he had maintained the larger part of his army back and in position , should cett have tried to make an opportunistic attack at that time . 
 he 'd wanted information , and he 'd wanted to intimidate the city . 
 `` i still do n't know if this meeting is a good idea , '' oreseur said . 
 `` the attack aside , straff is not a man to be trusted . 
 kelsier had me study all of the major noblemen in the city when i was preparing to become lord renoux . 
 straff is deceitful and harsh , even for a human . '' 
 vin sighed , removing her trousers , then pulled on the dress 's slip . 
 it was n't as tight as some , and gave her a lot of room to move through the thigh and legs . 
 good so far . 
 oreseur 's objection was logical . 
 one of the first things she had learned on the street was to avoid situations where it was difficult to flee . 
 her every instinct rebelled at the idea of walking into straff 's camp . 
 elend had made his decision , however . 
 and , vin understood that she needed to support him . 
 in fact , she was even coming to agree with the move . 
 straff wanted to intimidate the entire city-but he really was n't as threatening as he thought . 
 not as long as he had to worry about cett . 
 vin had had enough of intimidation in her life . 
 in a way , straff 's attack on the walls left her feeling even more determined to manipulate him to their own ends . 
 going into his camp seemed a bit crazy on first impression , but the more she thought about it , the more she realized that it was the only way they were going to get to straff . 
 he had to see them as weak , had to feel that his bullying tactics had worked . 
 that was the only way they would win . 
 that meant doing something she did n't like . 
 it meant being surrounded , entering the enemy 's den . 
 however , if elend did manage to get out of the camp safely , it would provide a large morale boost for the city . 
 beyond that , it would make ham and the rest of the crew more confident in elend . 
 nobody would even have questioned the idea of kelsier entering an enemy camp to negotiate ; in fact , they probably would have expected him to come back from the negotiations somehow having convinced straff to surrender . 
 i just need to make sure he comes back out safely , vin thought , pulling on the dress . 
 straff can display all the muscle he wants-none of it will matter if we 're the ones directing his attacks . 
 she nodded to herself , smoothing her dress . 
 then she walked out from behind the changing screen , studying herself in her mirror . 
 though the dressmaker had obviously sewn it to retain a traditional form , it did n't have a completely triangular bell shape , but instead fell a bit straighter down along her thighs . 
 it was cut open near the shoulders-though it had tight sleeves and open cuffs-and the waist bent with her and gave her a good range of motion . 
 vin stretched a bit , jumping , twisting . 
 she was surprised at how light the dress felt , and how well she moved in it . 
 of course , any skirt would hardly be ideal for fighting-but this one would be an enormous improvement over the bulky creations she had worn to the parties a year before . 
 `` well ? '' 
 she asked , spinning . 
 oreseur raised a canine eyebrow . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` what do you think ? '' 
 oreseur cocked his head . 
 `` why ask me ? '' 
 `` because i care what you think , '' vin said . 
 `` the dress is very nice , mistress . 
 though , to be honest , i have always found the garments to be a little ridiculous . 
 all of that cloth and color , it does n't seem very practical . '' 
 `` yes , i know , '' vin said , using a pair of sapphire barrettes to pin the sides of her hair back a bit from her face . 
 `` but ... well , i 'd forgotten how much fun these things could be to wear . '' 
 `` i fail to see why that would be , mistress . '' 
 `` that 's because you 're a man . '' 
 `` actually , i 'm a kandra . '' 
 `` but you 're a boy kandra . '' 
 `` how do you know that ? '' 
 oreseur asked . 
 `` gender is not easy to tell in my people , since our forms are fluid . '' 
 vin looked at him , raising an eyebrow . 
 `` i can tell . '' 
 then she turned back to her jewelry cabinet . 
 she did n't have much ; though the crew had outfitted her with a good sampling of jewelry during her days as valette , she had given most of it to elend to help fund various projects . 
 she had , however , kept a few of her favorites-as if she 'd known that she 'd someday find her way back into a dress . 
 i 'm just wearing it this once , she thought . 
 this still is n't me . 
 she snapped on a sapphire bracelet . 
 like her barrettes , it contained no metal ; the gemstones were set into a thick hardwood that closed with a wooden twist-clasp . 
 the only metal on her body , then , would be her coins , her metal vial , and the single earring . 
 kept , by kelsier 's suggestion , as a bit of metal she could push on in an emergency . 
 `` mistress , '' oreseur said , pulling something out from under her bed with his paw . 
 a sheet of paper . 
 `` this fell from the box as you were opening it . '' 
 he grabbed it between two of his surprisingly dexterous paw fingers and held it up for her . 
 vin accepted the paper . 
 lady heir , it read . 
 i made the chest and bodice extra tight to give support-and cut the skirts so they would resist flaring-in case you need to jump . 
 there are slits for metal vials in each of the cuffs , as well as a ripple in the cloth cut to obscure a dagger strapped around each forearm . 
 i hope you find the alterations suitable . 
 feldeu , dressmaker . 
 she glanced down , noting the cuffs . 
 they were thick and wide , and the way they pointed at the sides made perfect hiding places . 
 though the sleeves were tight around the upper arms , the forearms were looser , and she could see where the daggers could be strapped . 
 `` it seems that he has made dresses for mistborn before , '' oreseur noted . 
 `` probably , '' vin said . 
 she moved over to her dressing mirror to apply a little makeup , and found that several of her makeup pads had dried out . 
 guess i have n't done this for a while either ... `` what time are we leaving , mistress ? '' 
 oreseur asked . 
 vin paused . 
 `` actually , oreseur , i was n't planning to bring you . 
 i still intend to keep your cover with the other people in the palace , and i think it would look very suspicious of me to bring my pet dog on this particular trip . '' 
 oreseur was silent for a moment . 
 `` oh , '' he said . 
 `` of course . 
 good luck , then , mistress . '' 
 vin felt only a tiny stab of disappointment ; she 'd expected him to object more . 
 she pushed the emotion aside . 
 why should she fault him ? 
 he 'd been the one to rightly point out the dangers of going into the camp . 
 oreseur simply lay down , resting head on paws as he watched her continue applying her makeup . 
 `` but , el , '' ham said , `` you should at least let us send you in our own carriage . '' 
 elend shook his head , straightening his jacket as he looked in the mirror . 
 `` that would require sending in a coachman , ham . '' 
 `` right , '' ham said . 
 `` who would be me . '' 
 `` one man wo n't make a difference in getting us out of that camp . 
 and , the fewer people i take with me , the fewer people vin and i have to worry about . '' 
 ham shook his head . 
 `` el , i. . . '' 
 elend laid a hand on ham 's shoulder . 
 `` i appreciate the concern , ham . 
 but , i can do this . 
 if there 's one man in this world i can manipulate , it 's my father . 
 i 'll come out of this with him feeling assured that he has the city in his pocket . '' 
 ham sighed . 
 `` all right . '' 
 `` oh , one other thing , '' elend said hesitantly . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 `` would you mind calling me ` elend ' instead of just ` el ' ? '' 
 ham chuckled . 
 `` i suppose that one 's easy enough to do . '' 
 elend smiled thankfully . 
 it 's not what tindwyl wanted , but it 's a start . 
 we 'll worry about the `` your majesty `` s later . 
 the door opened , and dockson walked in . 
 `` elend , '' he said . 
 `` this just arrived for you . '' 
 he held up a sheet of paper . 
 `` from the assembly ? '' 
 elend asked . 
 dockson nodded . 
 `` they 're not happy about you missing the meeting this evening . '' 
 `` well , i ca n't change the appointment with straff just because they want to meet a day early , '' elend said . 
 `` tell them i 'll try and visit when i get back . '' 
 dockson nodded , then turned as a rustling sounded from behind him . 
 he stepped to the side , a strange look on his face , as vin walked up to the doorway . 
 and she was wearing a dress-a beautiful blue gown that was sleeker than the common courtly fare . 
 her black hair sparkled with a pair of sapphire barrettes , and she seemed ... different . 
 more feminine-or , rather , more confident in her femininity . 
 how much she 's changed since i first met her , elend thought , smiling . 
 almost two years had passed . 
 then she had been a youth , albeit one with the life experiences of someone far older . 
 now she was a woman-a very dangerous woman , but one who still looked up at him with eyes that were just a bit uncertain , just a bit insecure . 
 `` beautiful , '' elend whispered . 
 she smiled . 
 `` vin ! '' 
 ham said , turning . 
 `` you 're wearing a dress ! '' 
 vin flushed . 
 `` what did you expect , ham ? 
 that i would meet with the king of the northern dominance in trousers ? '' 
 `` well ... '' ham said . 
 `` actually , yes . '' 
 elend chuckled . 
 `` just because you insist on going about everywhere in casual clothing , ham , does n't mean that everyone does . 
 honestly , do n't you get tired of those vests ? '' 
 ham shrugged . 
 `` they 're easy . 
 and simple . '' 
 `` and cold , '' vin said , rubbing her arms . 
 `` i 'm glad i asked for something with sleeves . '' 
 `` be thankful for the weather , '' ham said . 
 `` every chill you suffer will seem far worse to the men out in those armies . '' 
 elend nodded . 
 winter had , technically , started . 
 the weather probably would n't get bad enough to be more than a mild discomfort-they rarely got snow in the central dominance-but the chill nights certainly would n't improve morale . 
 `` well , let 's go , '' vin said . 
 `` the sooner we get this over with , the better . '' 
 elend stepped forward , smiling , taking vin 's hands . 
 `` i appreciate this , vin , '' he said quietly . 
 `` and you really do look gorgeous . 
 if we were n't marching off to near certain doom , i 'd be tempted to command a ball be held tonight just for the opportunity to show you off . '' 
 vin smiled . 
 `` near certain doom is that compelling ? '' 
 `` guess i 've been spending too much time with the crew . '' 
 he leaned down to kiss her , but she yelped and jumped back . 
 `` it took me the better part of an hour to get this makeup on right , '' she snapped . 
 `` no kissing ! '' 
 elend chuckled as captain demoux poked his head in the door . 
 `` your majesty , the carriage has arrived . '' 
 elend looked at vin . 
 she nodded . 
 `` let 's go , '' he said . 
 sitting inside the carriage straff had sent for them , elend could see a solemn group standing on the wall , watching them roll away . 
 the sun was near to setting . 
 he commands us to come in the evening ; we 'll have to leave when the mists are out , elend thought . 
 a crafty way of pointing out how much power he has over us . 
 it was his father 's way-a move , in a way , that was similar to the attack on the walls a day before . 
 to straff , everything was about posturing . 
 elend had watched his father at court , and had seen him manipulate even obligators . 
 by holding the contract to oversee the lord ruler 's atium mine , straff venture had played a game even more dangerous than his fellow noblemen . 
 and he had played that game very well . 
 he had n't factored in kelsier throwing chaos into the mix , but who had ? 
 since the collapse , straff had secured the most stable , and most powerful , kingdom in the final empire . 
 he was a crafty , careful man who knew how to plan for years to get what he wanted . 
 and this was the man elend had to manipulate . 
 `` you look worried , '' vin said . 
 she was across from him in the carriage , sitting in a prim , ladylike posture . 
 it was as if donning a dress somehow granted her new habits and mannerisms . 
 or just a return to old ones-she 'd once been able to act like a noblewoman well enough to fool elend . 
 `` we 'll be all right , '' she said . 
 `` straff wo n't hurt you-even if things go bad , he wo n't dare make a martyr of you . '' 
 `` oh , i 'm not worried about my safety , '' elend said . 
 vin raised an eyebrow . 
 `` because ? '' 
 `` because i have you , '' elend said with a smile . 
 `` you 're worth an army , vin . '' 
 this , however , did n't seem to console her . 
 `` come here , '' he said , scooting over and waving her to the seat beside him . 
 she rose and moved across the carriage-but paused , eyeing him . 
 `` makeup . '' 
 `` i 'll be careful , '' elend promised . 
 she nodded , sitting and letting him put an arm around her . 
 `` be careful of the hair , too , '' she said . 
 `` and your suit coat-don ' t get anything on it . '' 
 `` when did you get so fashion-conscious ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` it 's the dress , '' vin said with a sigh . 
 `` as soon as i put it on , all of sazed 's lessons started coming back to me . '' 
 `` i really do like the dress on you , '' elend said . 
 vin shook her head . 
 `` what ? '' 
 elend asked as the carriage bumped , pushing her a bit closer to him . 
 another new perfume , he thought . 
 at least that 's one habit she never got out of . 
 `` this is n't me , elend , '' she said quietly . 
 `` this dress , these mannerisms . 
 they 're a lie . '' 
 elend sat quietly for a moment . 
 `` no objections ? '' 
 vin said . 
 `` everyone else thinks i 'm speaking nonsense . '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' elend said honestly . 
 `` changing into my new clothes made me feel different , so what you say makes sense . 
 if wearing dresses feels wrong to you , then you do n't have to wear them . 
 i want you to be happy , vin . '' 
 vin smiled , looking up at him . 
 then she leaned up and kissed him . 
 `` i thought you said none of that , '' he said . 
 `` from you , '' she said . 
 `` i 'm mistborn-we 're more precise . '' 
 elend smiled , though he could n't quite feel jovial . 
 conversation , however , did keep him from fretting . 
 `` i feel uncomfortable in these clothes , sometimes . 
 everyone expects so much more from me when i wear them . 
 they expect a king . '' 
 `` when i wear a dress , '' vin said , `` they expect a lady . 
 then they 're disappointed when they find me instead . '' 
 `` anyone who would feel disappointed to find you is too dense to be of any relevance , '' elend said . 
 `` i do n't want you to be like them , vin . 
 they 're not honest . 
 they do n't care . 
 i like you as you are . '' 
 `` tindwyl thinks that i can be both , '' vin said . 
 `` a woman and a mistborn . '' 
 `` tindwyl is wise , '' elend said . 
 `` a bit brutal , but wise . 
 you should listen to her . '' 
 `` you just told me you liked me how i am . '' 
 `` i do , '' elend said . 
 `` but i 'd like you however you were , vin . 
 i love you . 
 the question is , how do you like yourself ? '' 
 that gave her pause . 
 `` clothing does n't really change a man , '' elend said . 
 `` but it changes how others react to him . 
 tindwyl 's words . 
 i think ... i think the trick is convincing yourself that you deserve the reactions you get . 
 you can wear the court 's dresses , vin , but make them your own . 
 do n't worry that you are n't giving people what they want . 
 give them who you are , and let that be enough . '' 
 he paused , smiling . 
 `` it was for me . '' 
 she smiled back , then carefully leaned against him . 
 `` all right , '' she said . 
 `` enough insecurity for the moment . 
 let 's review . 
 tell me more about your father 's disposition . '' 
 `` he 's a perfect imperial nobleman . 
 ruthless , clever , and infatuated with power . 
 you remember my ... experience when i was thirteen ? '' 
 vin nodded . 
 `` well , father was very fond of skaa brothels . 
 i think that he liked how strong he felt by taking a girl while knowing that she would be killed for his passion . 
 he keeps several dozen mistresses , and if they do n't please him , they get removed . '' 
 vin muttered something quietly in response to this . 
 `` he 's the same way with political allies . 
 one did n't ally with house venture-one agreed to be dominated by house venture . 
 if you were n't willing to be our slave , then you did n't get to contract with us . '' 
 vin nodded . 
 `` i 've known crewleaders like that . '' 
 `` and how did you survive when they turned an eye toward you ? '' 
 `` by acting unimportant , '' vin said . 
 `` by crawling on the ground when they passed and by never giving them reason to challenge me . 
 exactly what you 're planning to do tonight . '' 
 elend nodded . 
 `` be careful , '' vin said . 
 `` do n't let straff think that you 're mocking him . '' 
 `` all right . '' 
 `` and do n't promise too much , '' vin said . 
 `` act like you 're trying to seem tough . 
 let him think he 's bullying you into doing what he wants-he 'll enjoy that . '' 
 `` you 've had experience with this before , i see . '' 
 `` too much of it , '' vin said . 
 `` but , you 've heard this before . '' 
 elend nodded . 
 they 'd planned and replanned this meeting . 
 now he simply had to do what the crew had taught him . 
 make straff think we 're weak , imply we 'll give him the city-but only if he helps us against cett first . 
 outside the window , elend could see that they were approaching straff 's army . 
 so big ! 
 he thought . 
 where did father learn to administrate a force like this ? 
 elend had hoped , perhaps , that his father 's lack of military experience would translate to a poorly run army . 
 yet , the tents were arranged in a careful pattern , and the soldiers wore neat uniforms . 
 vin moved over to her window , looking out with avid eyes , showing far more interest than an imperial noblewoman would have dared . 
 `` look , '' she said , pointing . 
 `` what ? '' 
 elend asked , leaning over . 
 `` obligator , '' vin said . 
 elend looked over her shoulder , spotting the former imperial priest-the skin around his eyes tattooed in a wide pattern-directing a line of soldiers outside a tent . 
 `` so that 's it . 
 he 's using obligators to administrate . '' 
 vin shrugged . 
 `` it makes sense . 
 they 'd know how to manage large groups of people . '' 
 `` and how to supply them , '' elend said . 
 `` yes , it 's a good idea-but it 's still surprising . 
 it implies that he still needs obligators-and that he 's still subject to the lord ruler 's authority . 
 most of the other kings threw off the obligators as soon as they could . '' 
 vin frowned . 
 `` i thought you said your father likes being in power . '' 
 `` he does , '' elend said . 
 `` but also likes powerful tools . 
 he always keeps a kandra , and he has a history of associating with dangerous allomancers . 
 he believes that he can control them-and he probably believes the same thing about the obligators . '' 
 the carriage slowed , then stopped beside a large tent . 
 straff venture emerged a moment later . 
 elend 's father had always been a large man , firm of figure with a commanding posture . 
 the new beard only heightened the effect . 
 he wore a sharp , well-cut suit , just like the suits he had tried to get elend to wear as a boy . 
 that was when elend had begun wearing his clothing disheveled-the buttons undone , the jackets too large . 
 anything to separate him from his father . 
 elend 's defiance had never been meaningful , however . 
 he had annoyed straff , pulling small stunts and acting foolish when he knew he could get away with it . 
 none of it had mattered . 
 not until that final night . 
 luthadel in flames , the skaa rebellion running out of control , threatening to bring down the entire city . 
 a night of chaos and destruction , with vin trapped somewhere within it . 
 then elend had stood up to straff venture . 
 i 'm not the same boy you pushed around , father . 
 vin squeezed his arm , and elend climbed out of the carriage as the coachman opened the door . 
 straff waited quietly , a strange look on his face as elend raised a hand to help vin down . 
 `` you came , '' straff said . 
 `` you seem surprised , father . '' 
 straff shook his head . 
 `` i see that you 're just as big an idiot as ever , boy . 
 you 're in my power now-i could have you killed with a bare wave of my hand . '' 
 he raised his arm , as if to do just that . 
 now 's the moment , elend thought , heart thumping . 
 `` i 've always been in your power , father , '' he said . 
 `` you could have had me killed months ago , could have taken my city away at a bare whim . 
 i do n't see how my coming here changes anything . '' 
 straff hesitated . 
 `` we came for dinner , '' elend said . 
 `` i had hoped to give you a chance to meet vin , and had hoped that we might discuss certain ... issues of particular import to you . '' 
 straff frowned . 
 that 's right , elend thought . 
 wonder if i have some offer yet to make . 
 you know that the first man to play his hand usually loses . 
 straff would n't pass up an opportunity for gain-even a slim opportunity , like the one elend represented . 
 he probably figured there was nothing elend could say that was of real importance . 
 but could he be sure ? 
 what did he have to lose ? 
 `` go and confirm with my chef that there will be three for dinner , '' straff said to a servant . 
 elend let out a lightly held breath . 
 `` that girl 's your mistborn , then ? '' 
 straff asked . 
 elend nodded . 
 `` cute little thing , '' straff said . 
 `` tell her to stop soothing my emotions . '' 
 vin flushed . 
 straff nodded toward the tent . 
 elend led vin forward , though she glanced over her shoulder , obviously not liking the idea of exposing her back to straff . 
 little bit late for that ... elend thought . 
 the tent chamber was what elend would have expected of his father : stuffed with pillows and rich furniture , very little of which straff would actually use . 
 straff furnished to suggest his power . 
 like the massive keeps of luthadel , a nobleman 's surroundings were an expression of how important he was . 
 vin waited quietly , tensely , at elend 's side in the center of the room . 
 `` he 's good , '' she whispered . 
 `` i was as subtle as i can manage , and he still noticed my touch . '' 
 elend nodded . 
 `` he 's also a tineye , '' he said in a normal voice . 
 `` so he 's probably listening to us right now . '' 
 elend looked toward the door . 
 straff walked in a few moments later , giving no indication as to whether he had heard vin or not . 
 a group of servants entered a few moments later , carrying a large dining table . 
 vin inhaled sharply . 
 the servants were skaa-imperial skaa , after the old tradition . 
 they were ragged , their clothing made of torn smocks , and showed bruises from a recent beating . 
 they carried their loads with lowered eyes . 
 `` why the reaction , girl ? '' 
 straff asked . 
 `` oh , that 's right . 
 you 're skaa , are n't you-pretty dress notwithstanding ? 
 elend is very kind ; i would n't let you wear something like that . '' 
 or much at all , his tone implied . 
 vin shot straff a look , but pulled a little closer to elend , grabbing his arm . 
 again , straff 's words were only about posturing ; straff was cruel , but only insofar as it served him . 
 he wanted to make vin uncomfortable . 
 which he seemed to be doing . 
 elend frowned , glancing down , and caught just a hint of a sly smile on her lips . 
 breeze has told me that vin is more subtle with her allomancy than most soothers , he recalled . 
 father 's good , but for him to pick out her touch ... she let him , of course . 
 elend looked back at straff , who hit one of the skaa servants on their way out . 
 `` i hope none of them are relatives of yours , '' straff said to vin . 
 `` they have n't been very diligent lately . 
 i might have to execute a few . '' 
 `` i 'm not skaa anymore , '' vin said quietly . 
 `` i 'm a noblewoman . '' 
 straff just laughed . 
 he had already dismissed vin as a threat . 
 he knew she was mistborn , he must have heard that she was dangerous , and yet he now assumed that she was weak and inconsequential . 
 she is good at this , elend thought with wonder . 
 servants began to bring in a feast that was impressive considering the circumstances . 
 as they waited , straff turned to an aide . 
 `` send in hoselle , '' he ordered . 
 `` and tell her to be quick . '' 
 he seems less reserved than i remember , elend thought . 
 in the lord emperor 's day , a good nobleman had been stiff and inhibited when in public , though many had turned to extravagant indulgence when in private . 
 they would dance and have quiet dinner conversation at the ball , for instance , but enjoy whores and drunkenness in the small hours of night . 
 `` why the beard , father ? '' 
 elend asked . 
 `` last i knew , those were n't in fashion . '' 
 `` i set the fashion now , boy , '' straff said . 
 `` sit . '' 
 vin waited respectfully , elend noticed , until elend was seated before taking her place . 
 she managed to maintain an air of half jumpiness : she 'd look straff in the eyes , but always gave a reflexive twitch , as if part of her wanted to glance away . 
 `` now , '' straff said , `` tell me why you 're here . '' 
 `` i thought it was obvious , father , '' elend said . 
 `` i 'm here to discuss our alliance . '' 
 straff raised an eyebrow . 
 `` alliance ? 
 we both just agreed that your life is mine . 
 i do n't see a need to ally with you . '' 
 `` perhaps , '' elend said . 
 `` but , there are other factors at play here . 
 i assume that you were n't expecting cett 's arrival ? '' 
 `` cett is of little concern , '' straff said , turning his attention to the meal : big slabs of barely cooked beef . 
 vin wrinkled her nose , though elend could n't tell if that was part of her act or not . 
 elend cut his steak . 
 `` a man with an army nearly as large as your own is hardly of ` little ' concern , father . '' 
 straff shrugged . 
 `` he 'll be of no trouble to me once i have the city walls . 
 you 'll turn those over to me as part of our alliance , i assume ? '' 
 `` and invite cett to attack the city ? '' 
 elend said . 
 `` yes , together you and i could hold against him , but why go on the defensive ? 
 why let him weaken our fortifications , and possibly just continue this siege until both of our armies are starving ? 
 we need to attack him , father . '' 
 straff snorted . 
 `` you think i need your help to do so ? '' 
 `` you do if you want to beat him with any measure of assured success , '' elend said . 
 `` we can take him easily together-but never alone . 
 we need each other . 
 let 's attack , you leading your armies , me leading mine . '' 
 `` why are you so eager ? '' 
 straff asked , narrowing his eyes . 
 `` because i want to prove something , '' elend said . 
 `` look , we both know you 're going to take luthadel from me . 
 but , if we ride together against cett first , it will look like i wanted to ally with you all along . 
 i 'll be able to give you the city without looking like a complete buffoon . 
 i can spin it that i brought in my father to help us against the army i knew was coming . 
 i turn the city over to you , and then become your heir again . 
 we both get what we want . 
 but only once cett is dead . '' 
 straff paused , and elend could see that his words were having an effect . 
 yes , he thought . 
 think that i 'm just the same boy you left behind-eccentric , eager to resist you for silly reasons . 
 and , saving face is a very venture thing to do . 
 `` no , '' straff said . 
 elend started . 
 `` no , '' straff said again , turning to his meal . 
 `` that 's not how we 're going to do this , boy . 
 i 'll decide when-or even if-i attack cett . '' 
 that should have worked ! 
 elend thought . 
 he studied straff , trying to judge what was wrong . 
 there was a faint hesitance about his father . 
 i need more information , he thought . 
 he glanced to his side , to where vin sat , spinning something lightly in her hand . 
 her fork . 
 she met his eyes , then tapped it lightly . 
 metal , elend thought . 
 good idea . 
 he looked over at straff . 
 `` you came for the atium , '' he said . 
 `` you do n't have to conquer my city to get it . '' 
 straff leaned forward . 
 `` why have n't you spent it ? '' 
 `` nothing brings sharks faster than fresh blood , father , '' elend said . 
 `` spending large amounts of atium would only have indicated for certain that i had it-a bad idea , considering the trouble we took to squelch those rumors . '' 
 there was a sudden motion at the front of the tent , and soon a flustered young girl entered . 
 she wore a ball gown-red-and had her black hair pulled back into a long , flowing tail . 
 she was , perhaps , fifteen . 
 `` hoselle , '' straff said , pointing to the chair next to him . 
 the girl nodded obediently , scurrying forward to sit beside straff . 
 she was done up in makeup , and the dress was low-cut . 
 elend had little doubt as to her relationship with straff . 
 straff smiled and chewed his food , calm and gentlemanly . 
 the girl looked a little bit like vin-same almond face , similar dark hair , same fine features and thin build . 
 it was a statement . 
 i can get one just like yours-only younger and prettier . 
 more posturing . 
 it was that moment-that smirk in straff 's eyes-which reminded elend more than ever why he hated his father . 
 `` perhaps we can make a deal , boy , '' straff said . 
 `` deliver the atium to me , and i 'll deal with cett . '' 
 `` getting it to you will take time , '' elend said . 
 `` why ? '' 
 straff asked . 
 `` atium is light . '' 
 `` there 's a lot of it . '' 
 `` not so much you could n't pack it on a cart and send it out , '' straff said . 
 `` it 's more complicated than that , '' elend said . 
 `` i do n't think it is , '' straff said , smiling . 
 `` you just do n't want to give it to me . '' 
 elend frowned . 
 `` we do n't have it , '' vin whispered . 
 straff turned . 
 `` we never found it , '' she said . 
 `` kelsier overthrew the lord ruler just so he could get that atium . 
 but we never could find out where the metal was . 
 it probably was n't ever in the city . '' 
 was n't expecting that ... elend thought . 
 of course , vin tended to do things by instinct , much as kelsier was said to have done . 
 all the planning in the world could go out the window with vin around-but what she did instead was usually better . 
 straff sat for a moment . 
 he seemed to believe vin . 
 `` so you really have nothing at all to offer me . '' 
 i need to act weak , elend remembered . 
 need him to think he can take the city any time , but also think it is n't worth taking right now . 
 he began to tap the table quietly with his index finger , trying to look nervous . 
 if straff thinks we do n't have the atium ... then he 'll be a lot less likely to risk attacking the city . 
 less gain . 
 that 's why vin said what she did . 
 `` vin does n't know what she 's talking about , '' elend said . 
 `` i 've kept the atium hidden , even from her . 
 i 'm sure we can arrange something , father . '' 
 `` no , '' straff said , now sounding amused . 
 `` you really do n't have it . 
 zane said ... but , well , i did n't believe ... '' straff shook his head , turning back toward his meal . 
 the girl at his side did n't eat ; she sat quietly , like the ornament she was expected to be . 
 straff took a long drink of his wine , then let out a satisfied sigh . 
 he looked at his child mistress . 
 `` leave us , '' he said . 
 she immediately did as commanded . 
 `` you , too , '' straff said to vin . 
 vin stiffened slightly . 
 she looked toward elend . 
 `` it 's all right , '' he said slowly . 
 she paused , then nodded . 
 straff himself was little danger to elend , and she was a mistborn . 
 if something went wrong , she could get to elend quickly . 
 and , if she left , it would do what they wanted-make elend look less powerful . 
 in a better position to deal with straff . 
 hopefully . 
 `` i 'll wait just outside , '' vin said quietly , withdrawing . 
 he was no simple soldier . 
 he was a force of leadership-a man that fate itself seemed to support . 
 27 `` all right , '' straff said , setting down his fork . 
 `` let 's be honest , boy . 
 i 'm this close to simply having you killed . '' 
 `` you 'd execute your only son ? '' 
 elend asked . 
 straff shrugged . 
 `` you need me , '' elend said . 
 `` to help you fight cett . 
 you can kill me , but you 'd gain nothing . 
 you 'd still have to take luthadel by force , and cett would still be able to attack-and defeat you-in your weakened state . '' 
 straff smiled , folding his arms , leaning forward so he loomed over the table . 
 `` you are wrong on both counts , boy . 
 first , i think that if i killed you , the next leader of luthadel would be more accommodating . 
 i have certain interests in the city who indicate that is true . 
 second , i do n't need your help to fight cett . 
 he and i already have a treaty . '' 
 elend paused . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` what do you think i 've been doing these last few weeks ? 
 sitting and waiting on your whims ? 
 cett and i have exchanged pleasantries . 
 he 's not interested in the city-he just wants the atium . 
 we agreed to split what we discover in luthadel , then work together to take the rest of the final empire . 
 he conquers to the west and north , i head east and south . 
 very accommodating man , cett . '' 
 he 's bluffing , elend thought with reasonable certainty . 
 that was n't straff 's way ; he would n't make an alliance with someone so near to him in strength . 
 straff feared betrayal too much . 
 `` you think i would believe that ? '' 
 elend said . 
 `` believe what you wish , '' straff said . 
 `` and the koloss army marching this way ? '' 
 elend asked , playing one of their trump cards . 
 this made straff pause . 
 `` if you want to take luthadel before those koloss get here , father , '' elend said , `` then i think you might want to be a little more accommodating toward the man who 's come , offering you everything you want . 
 i only ask one thing-let me have a victory . 
 let me fight cett , secure my legacy . 
 then you can have the city . '' 
 straff thought about it , thought about it long enough that elend dared to hope he might just have won . 
 then , however , straff shook his head . 
 `` no , i think not . 
 i 'll take my chances with cett . 
 i do n't know why he is willing to let me have luthadel , but he does n't seem to care much about it . '' 
 `` and you do ? '' 
 elend said . 
 `` you know we do n't have the atium . 
 what does the city matter to you now ? '' 
 straff leaned forward a bit farther . 
 elend could smell his breath , odorous from the dinner spices . 
 `` that 's where you are wrong about me , boy . 
 that 's why-even if you 'd been able to promise me that atium-you would never have left this camp tonight . 
 i made a mistake a year ago . 
 if i 'd stayed in luthadel , i would have been the one on that throne . 
 instead , it was you . 
 i ca n't imagine why-i guess a weak venture was still better than the other alternatives . '' 
 straff was everything elend had hated about the old empire . 
 presumptuous . 
 cruel . 
 arrogant . 
 weakness , elend thought , calming himself . 
 i ca n't be threatening . 
 he shrugged . 
 `` it 's only a city , father . 
 from my position , it does n't matter half as much as your army . '' 
 `` it 's more than a city , '' straff said . 
 `` it 's the lord ruler 's city-and it has my home in it . 
 my keep . 
 i understand that you 're using it as your palace . '' 
 `` i did n't really have any other place to go . '' 
 straff turned back to his meal . 
 `` all right , '' he said in between cutting chunks of steak , `` at first , i thought you were an idiot for coming tonight , but now i 'm not so certain . 
 you must have seen the inevitable . '' 
 `` you 're stronger , '' elend said . 
 `` i ca n't stand up to you . '' 
 straff nodded . 
 `` you 've impressed me , boy . 
 wearing proper clothing , getting yourself a mistborn mistress , maintaining control of the city . 
 i 'm going to let you live . '' 
 `` thank you , '' elend said . 
 `` and , in exchange , you 're going to give me luthadel . '' 
 `` as soon as cett is dealt with . '' 
 straff laughed . 
 `` no , that 's not the way these things work , boy . 
 we 're not negotiating . 
 you 're listening to my orders . 
 tomorrow , we 'll ride to the city together , and you 'll order the gates opened . 
 i 'll march my army in and take command , and luthadel will become the new capital of my kingdom . 
 if you stay in line and do as i say , i 'll name you heir again . '' 
 `` we ca n't do that , '' elend said . 
 `` i left orders that the gates were n't to be opened to you , no matter what . '' 
 straff paused . 
 `` my advisors thought you might try and use vin as a hostage , forcing me to relinquish the city , '' elend said . 
 `` if we go together , they 'll assume you 're threatening me . '' 
 straff 's mood darkened . 
 `` you 'd better hope that they do n't . '' 
 `` they will , '' elend said . 
 `` i know these men , father . 
 they 'd be eager for an excuse to take the city away from me . '' 
 `` then , why come here ? '' 
 `` to do as i said , '' elend said . 
 `` to negotiate an alliance against cett . 
 i can deliver luthadel to you-but i still need time . 
 let 's take down cett first . '' 
 straff grabbed his dinner knife by the hilt and slammed it down into the table . 
 `` i said this was n't a negotiation ! 
 you do n't make demands , boy . 
 i could have you killed ! '' 
 `` i 'm just stating facts , father , '' elend said quickly . 
 `` i do n't want to - '' `` you 've gotten smooth , '' straff said , eyes narrowing . 
 `` what did you hope to accomplish with this game ? 
 coming to my camp ? 
 bringing nothing to offer ... '' he paused , then continued . 
 `` nothing to offer except for that girl . 
 pretty little thing , she is . '' 
 elend flushed . 
 `` that wo n't get you into the city . 
 remember , my advisors thought you might try threatening her . '' 
 `` fine , '' straff snapped . 
 `` you die ; i take the city by force . '' 
 `` and cett attacks you from behind , '' elend said . 
 `` pinning you against our wall and forcing you to fight surrounded . '' 
 `` he 'd take heavy losses , '' straff said . 
 `` he would n't be able to take and hold the city after that . '' 
 `` even with diminished forces , he 'd have a better chance of taking it from us than he would if he waited and then tried to take it from you . '' 
 straff stood . 
 `` i 'll have to take that chance . 
 i left you behind before . 
 i 'm not going to let you loose again , boy . 
 those cursed skaa were supposed to kill you and leave me free of you . '' 
 elend stood as well . 
 however , he could see the resolve in straff 's eyes . 
 it is n't working , elend thought , panic beginning to set in . 
 this plan had been a gamble , but he had n't ever really thought that he 'd fail . 
 indeed , he 'd played his cards well . 
 but , something was wrong-something he had n't anticipated , and still did n't understand . 
 why was straff resisting so much ? 
 i 'm too new to this , elend thought . 
 ironically , if he had let his father train him better as a child , he might have known what he 'd done wrong . 
 as it was , he suddenly realized the gravity of his situation . 
 surrounded by a hostile army . 
 separated from vin . 
 he was going to die . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 elend said desperately . 
 `` ah , '' straff said smiling . 
 `` finally realized what you 've gotten yourself into ? '' 
 there was pleasure in straff 's smile . 
 eagerness . 
 there had always been something inside straff that had enjoyed hurting others , though elend had rarely seen it applied to him . 
 propriety had always been there to stop straff . 
 propriety enforced by the lord ruler . 
 at that moment , elend saw murder in his father 's eyes . 
 `` you never intended to let me live , '' elend said . 
 `` even if i 'd given you the atium , even if i 'd gone with you to the city . '' 
 `` you were dead the moment i decided to march here , '' straff said . 
 `` idiot boy . 
 i do thank you for bringing me that girl , though . 
 i 'll take her tonight . 
 we 'll see if she cries my name or yours while i 'm - '' elend laughed . 
 it was a desperate laugh , a laugh at the ridiculous situation he 'd gotten himself into , a laugh at his sudden worry and fear-but most of all , it was a laugh at the idea of straff trying to force himself upon vin . 
 `` you have no idea how foolish you sound , '' elend said . 
 straff flushed . 
 `` for that , boy , i 'll be extra rough with her . '' 
 `` you are a pig , father , '' elend said . 
 `` a sick , disgusting man . 
 you thought you were a brilliant leader , but you were barely competent . 
 you nearly got our house destroyed-only the lord ruler 's own death saved you ! '' 
 straff called for his guards . 
 `` you may take luthadel , '' elend said , `` but you 'll lose it ! 
 i may have been a bad king , but you 'll be a terrible one . 
 the lord ruler was a tyrant , but he was also a genius . 
 you 're neither . 
 you 're just a selfish man who 'll use up his resources , then end up dead from a knife in the back . '' 
 straff pointed at elend as soldiers rushed in . 
 elend did n't cringe . 
 he 'd grown up with this man , been raised by him , been tortured by him . 
 and , despite it all , elend had never spoken his mind . 
 he 'd rebelled with the petty timidity of a teenage boy , but he 'd never spoken the truth . 
 it felt good . 
 it felt right . 
 perhaps playing the weak hand was a mistake against straff . 
 he always was fond of crushing things . 
 and suddenly elend knew what he had to do . 
 he smiled , looking straff in the eyes . 
 `` kill me , father , '' he said , `` and you 'll die , too . '' 
 `` kill me , father , '' elend said , `` and you 'll die , too . '' 
 vin paused . 
 she stood outside the tent , in the darkness of early night . 
 she 'd been standing with straff 's soldiers , but they 'd rushed in at his command . 
 she 'd moved into the darkness , and now stood on the north side of the tent , watching the shadowed forms move within . 
 she 'd been about to burst in . 
 elend had n't been doing very well-not that he was a bad negotiator . 
 he was just too honest by nature . 
 it was n't difficult to tell when he was bluffing , especially if you knew him well . 
 but , this new proclamation was different . 
 it was n't a sign of elend attempting to be clever , nor was it an angry outburst like the one he 'd made moments before . 
 suddenly , he seemed calm and forceful . 
 vin waited quietly , her daggers out , tense in the mists before the glowing tent . 
 something told her she had to give elend just a few more moments . 
 straff laughed at elend 's threat . 
 `` you are a fool , father , '' elend said . 
 `` you think i came here to negotiate ? 
 you think i would willingly deal with one such as you ? 
 no . 
 you know me better than that . 
 you know that i 'd never submit to you . '' 
 `` then why ? '' 
 straff asked . 
 she could almost hear elend 's smile . 
 `` i came to get near you , father ... and to bring my mistborn to the very heart of your camp . '' 
 silence . 
 finally , straff laughed . 
 `` you threaten me with that wisp of a girl ? 
 if that 's the great mistborn of luthadel i 've been hearing of , then i 'm sorely disappointed . '' 
 `` that 's because she wants you to feel that way , '' elend said . 
 `` think , father . 
 you were suspicious , and the girl confirmed those suspicions . 
 but , if she 's as good as the rumors say-and i know you 've heard the rumors-then how would you have spotted her touch on your emotions ? 
 `` you caught her soothing you , and you called her on it . 
 then , you did n't feel the touch anymore , so you assumed that she was cowed . 
 but , after that , you began to feel confident . 
 comfortable . 
 you dismissed vin as a threat-but would any rational man dismiss a mistborn , no matter how small or quiet ? 
 in fact , you 'd think that the small , quiet ones would be the assassins you 'd want to pay the most attention to . '' 
 vin smiled . 
 clever , she thought . 
 she reached out , rioting straff 's emotions , flaring her metal and stoking his sense of anger . 
 he gasped in sudden shock . 
 take the clue , elend . 
 `` fear , '' elend said . 
 she soothed away straff 's anger and exchanged it for fear . 
 `` passion . '' 
 she complied . 
 `` calmness . '' 
 she soothed everything away . 
 inside the tent , she saw straff 's shadow standing stiffly . 
 an allomancer could n't force a person to do anything-and usually , strong pushes or pulls on an emotion were less effective , since they alerted the target that something was wrong . 
 in this case , however , vin wanted straff to know for certain she was watching . 
 she smiled , extinguishing her tin . 
 then she burned duralumin and soothed straff 's emotions with explosive pressure , wiping away all capacity for feeling within him . 
 his shadow stumbled beneath the attack . 
 her brass was gone a moment later , and she turned on her tin again , watching the black patterns on the canvas . 
 `` she 's powerful , father , '' elend said . 
 `` she 's more powerful than any allomancer you 've known . 
 she killed the lord ruler . 
 she was trained by the survivor of hathsin . 
 and if you kill me , she 'll kill you . '' 
 straff righted himself , and the tent fell silent again . 
 a footstep sounded . 
 vin spun , ducking , raising her dagger . 
 a familiar figure stood in the night mists . 
 `` why is it i can never sneak up on you ? '' 
 zane asked quietly . 
 vin shrugged and turned back to the tent-but moved herself so she could keep an eye on zane , too . 
 he walked over and crouched beside her , watching the shadows . 
 `` that 's hardly a useful threat , '' straff finally said from within . 
 `` you 'll be dead , even if your mistborn does get to me . '' 
 `` ah , father , '' elend said . 
 `` i was wrong about your interest in luthadel . 
 however , you 're also wrong about me-you 've always been wrong about me . 
 i do n't care if i die , not if it brings safety to my people . '' 
 `` cett will take the city if i 'm gone , '' straff said . 
 `` i think my people might be able to hold against him , '' elend said . 
 `` after all , he has the smaller army . '' 
 `` this is idiocy ! '' 
 straff snapped . 
 he did n't , however , order his soldiers forward any farther . 
 `` kill me , and you die , too , '' elend said . 
 `` and not just you . 
 your generals . 
 your captains . 
 even your obligators . 
 she has orders to slaughter you all . '' 
 zane took a step closer to vin , his feet crunching slightly on the packed-down weeds that made up the floor of the camp . 
 `` ah , '' he whispered , `` clever . 
 no matter how strong your opponent is , he ca n't attack if you 've got a knife at his throat . '' 
 zane leaned even closer , and vin looked up at him , their faces just inches from each other . 
 he shook his head in the soft mists . 
 `` but tell me-why is it that people like you and me always have to be the knives ? '' 
 inside the tent , straff was growing concerned . 
 `` no one is that powerful , boy , '' he said , `` not even a mistborn . 
 she might be able to kill some of my generals , but she 'd never get to me . 
 i have my own mistborn . '' 
 `` oh ? '' 
 elend said . 
 `` and why has n't he killed her ? 
 because he 's afraid to attack ? 
 if you kill me , father-if you even make so much as a move toward my city-then she 'll begin the slaughter . 
 men will die like prisoners before the fountains on a day of execution . '' 
 `` i thought you said he was above this kind of thing , '' zane whispered . 
 `` you claimed you were n't his tool . 
 you said he would n't use you as an assassin ... '' vin shuffled uncomfortably . 
 `` he 's bluffing , zane , '' she said . 
 `` he 'd never actually do anything like that . '' 
 `` she is an allomancer like you 've never seen , father , '' elend said , voice muffled by the tent . 
 `` i 've seen her fight other allomancers-none of them can even touch her . '' 
 `` is that true ? '' 
 zane asked . 
 vin paused . 
 elend had n't actually ever seen her attack other allomancers . 
 `` he saw me attack some soldiers once , and i 've told him about my fights with other allomancers . '' 
 `` ah , '' zane said softly . 
 `` so it 's only a small lie , then . 
 those are fine when one is king . 
 many things are . 
 exploiting one person to save an entire kingdom ? 
 what leader would n't pay such a cheap price ? 
 your freedom in exchange for his victory . '' 
 `` he 's not using me , '' vin said . 
 zane stood . 
 vin turned slightly , watching carefully as he walked into the mists , away from tents , torches , and soldiers . 
 he paused , standing a short distance away , looking up . 
 even with the light of tent and fires , this camp was claimed by the mists . 
 it spun all around them . 
 from within it , the torchlight and campfires seemed insignificant . 
 like dying coals . 
 `` what is this to him , '' zane said quietly , sweeping a hand around him . 
 `` can he ever understand the mists ? 
 can he ever understand you ? '' 
 `` he loves me , '' vin said , glancing back at the shadowed forms . 
 they had fallen quiet for a moment , straff obviously considering elend 's threats . 
 `` he loves you ? '' 
 zane asked . 
 `` or he loves having you ? '' 
 `` elend is n't like that , '' vin said . 
 `` he 's a good man . '' 
 `` good or not , you are n't like him , '' zane said , voice echoing in the night to her tin-enhanced ears . 
 `` can he understand what it is like to be one of us ? 
 can he know the things we know , care about the things we love ? 
 has he ever seen those ? '' 
 zane gestured upward , toward the sky . 
 far beyond the mists , lights shone in the sky , like tiny freckles . 
 stars , invisible to the normal eye . 
 only a person burning tin could penetrate the mists and see them shining . 
 she remembered the first time kelsier had shown them to her . 
 she remembered how stunned she had been that the stars had been there all along , invisible beyond the mists ... zane continued to point upward . 
 `` lord ruler ! '' 
 vin whispered , taking a small step away from the tent . 
 through the swirling mists , in the reflected light of the tent , she could see something on zane 's arm . 
 the skin was covered with thin white streaks . 
 scars . 
 zane immediately lowered his arm , hiding the scarred flesh with his sleeve . 
 `` you were in the pits of hathsin , '' vin said quietly . 
 `` like kelsier . '' 
 zane looked away . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' vin said . 
 zane turned back , smiling in the night . 
 it was a firm , confident smile . 
 he stepped forward . 
 `` i understand you , vin . '' 
 then he bowed slightly to her and jumped away , disappearing into the mists . 
 inside the room , straff spoke to elend . 
 `` go . 
 leave here . '' 
 the carriage rolled away . 
 straff stood outside his tent , heedless of the mists , still feeling a bit stunned . 
 i let him go . 
 why did i let him go ? 
 yet-even now-he could feel her touch slamming against him . 
 one emotion after another , like a treasonous maelstrom within him , and then ... nothing . 
 like a massive hand , grabbing his soul and squeezing it into painful submission . 
 it had felt the way he thought death might . 
 no allomancer could be that powerful . 
 zane respects her , straff thought . 
 and everyone says she killed the lord ruler . 
 that little thing . 
 it could n't be . 
 it seemed impossible . 
 and apparently , that was just the way she wanted it to seem . 
 everything had been going so well . 
 the information provided by zane 's kandra spy had been accurate : elend did try to make an alliance . 
 the frightening thing about it was that straff might have gone along with it , assuming elend to be of no consequence , if the spy had n't sent warning . 
 even so , elend had bested him . 
 straff had even been prepared for their feint of weakness , and he had still fallen . 
 she 's so powerful ... a figure in black stepped out of the mists and walked up to straff . 
 `` you look like you 've seen a ghost , father , '' zane said with a smile . 
 `` your own , perhaps ? '' 
 `` was there anyone else out there , zane ? '' 
 straff asked , too shaken for repartee at the moment . 
 `` another couple of mistborn , perhaps , helping her ? '' 
 zane shook his head . 
 `` no . 
 she really is that strong . '' 
 he turned to walk back out into the mists . 
 `` zane ! '' 
 straff snapped , making the man pause . 
 `` we 're going to change plans . 
 i want you to kill her . '' 
 zane turned . 
 `` but - '' `` she 's too dangerous . 
 plus , we now have the information we wanted to get from her . 
 they do n't have the atium . '' 
 `` you believe them ? '' 
 zane asked . 
 straff paused . 
 after how thoroughly he 'd been manipulated this evening , he was n't going to trust anything he thought he 'd learned . 
 `` no , '' he decided . 
 `` but we 'll find it another way . 
 i want that girl dead , zane . '' 
 `` are we attacking the city for real , then ? '' 
 straff almost gave the order right then , commanding his armies to prepare for a morning assault . 
 the preliminary attack had gone well , showing that the defenses were hardly impressive . 
 straff could take that wall , then use it against cett . 
 however , elend 's final words before departing this evening made him stop . 
 send your armies against my city , father , the boy had said , and die . 
 you 've felt her power-you know what she can do . 
 you can try and hide , you can even conquer my city . 
 but she will find you . 
 and she will kill you . 
 your only option is to wait . 
 i 'll contact you when my armies are prepared to attack cett . 
 we 'll strike together , as i said earlier . 
 straff could n't depend on that . 
 the boy had changed-had become strong , somehow . 
 if straff and elend attacked together , straff had no illusions as to how quickly he 'd be betrayed . 
 but straff could n't attack luthadel while that girl was alive . 
 not knowing her strength , having felt her touch on his emotions . 
 `` no , '' he finally said to zane 's question . 
 `` we wo n't attack . 
 not until you kill her . '' 
 `` that might be harder than you make it sound , father , '' zane said . 
 `` i 'll need some help . '' 
 `` what kind of help ? '' 
 `` a strike team . 
 allomancers that ca n't be traced . '' 
 zane was speaking of a particular group . 
 most allomancers were easy to identify because of their noble lineages . 
 straff , however , had access to some special resources . 
 there was a reason that he had so many mistresses-dozens and dozens of them . 
 some thought it was just because he was lustful . 
 that was n't it at all . 
 more mistresses meant more children . 
 and more children , born from a high noble line like his , meant more allomancers . 
 he 'd only spawned one mistborn , but there were many mistings . 
 `` it will be done , '' straff said . 
 `` they might not survive the encounter , father , '' zane warned , still standing in the mists . 
 that awful sensation returned . 
 the sense of nothingness , the horrible knowledge that someone else had complete and total control over his emotions . 
 nobody should have that much power over him . 
 especially not elend . 
 he should be dead . 
 he came right to me . 
 and i let him go . 
 `` get rid of her , '' straff said . 
 `` do anything you need to , zane . 
 anything . '' 
 zane nodded , then walked away with a self-satisfied stroll . 
 straff returned to his tent and sent for hoselle again . 
 she looked enough like elend 's girl . 
 it would do him good to remind himself that most of the time , he really was in control . 
 elend sat back in the carriage , a little stunned . 
 i 'm still alive ! 
 he thought with growing excitement . 
 i did it ! 
 i convinced straff to leave the city alone . 
 for a time , at least . 
 luthadel 's safety depended on straff remaining frightened of vin . 
 but ... well , any victory was an enormous one for elend . 
 he had n't failed his people . 
 he was their king , and his plan-crazy though it might have seemed-had worked . 
 the small crown on his head suddenly did n't seem as heavy as it had before . 
 vin sat across from him . 
 she did n't look nearly as pleased as she could have . 
 `` we did it , vin ! '' 
 elend said . 
 `` it was n't what we planned , but it worked . 
 straff wo n't dare attack the city now . '' 
 she nodded quietly . 
 elend frowned . 
 `` um , it 's because of you that the city will be safe . 
 you know that , right ? 
 if you had n't been there ... well , of course , if it had n't been for you , the entire final empire would still be enslaved . '' 
 `` because i killed the lord ruler , '' she said quietly . 
 elend nodded . 
 `` but it was kelsier 's plan-the crew 's skills , the people 's strength of will-that freed the empire . 
 i just held the knife . '' 
 `` you make it sound like a trivial thing , vin , '' he said . 
 `` it 's not ! 
 you 're a fantastic allomancer . 
 ham says he ca n't beat you even in an unfair fight anymore , and you 've kept the palace free of assassins . 
 there 's nobody like you in all of the final empire ! '' 
 strangely , his words made her huddle into the corner just a little farther . 
 she turned , watching out the window , eyes staring into the mists . 
 `` thank you , '' she said softly . 
 elend wrinkled his brow . 
 every time i begin to think i 've figured out what 's going on in her head ... he moved over , putting an arm around her . 
 `` vin , what 's wrong ? '' 
 she was silent , then finally shook her head , forcing a smile . 
 `` it 's nothing , elend . 
 you 're right to be excited . 
 you were brilliant in there-i doubt even kelsier could have manipulated straff so neatly . '' 
 elend smiled , and pulled her close , impatient as the carriage rolled up to the dark city . 
 the doors of tin gate opened hesitantly , and elend saw a group of men standing just inside of the courtyard . 
 ham held aloft a lantern in the mists . 
 elend did n't wait for the carriage to stop on its own . 
 he opened the door and hopped down as it was rolling to a halt . 
 his friends began to smile eagerly . 
 the gates thumped closed . 
 `` it worked ? '' 
 ham asked hesitantly as elend approached . 
 `` you did it ? '' 
 `` kind of , '' elend said with a smile , clasping hands with ham , breeze , dockson , and finally spook . 
 even the kandra , oreseur , was there . 
 he padded over to the carriage , waiting for vin . 
 `` the initial feint did n't go so well-my father did n't bite on an alliance . 
 but then i told him i 'd kill him ! '' 
 `` wait . 
 how was that a good idea ? '' 
 ham asked . 
 `` we overlooked one of our greatest resources , my friends , '' elend said as vin climbed down from the carriage . 
 elend turned , waving his hand toward her . 
 `` we have a weapon like nothing they can match ! 
 straff expected me to come begging , and he was ready to control that situation . 
 however , when i mentioned what would happen to him and his army if vin 's anger was roused ... '' `` my dear man , '' breeze said . 
 `` you went into the camp of the strongest king in the final empire , and you threatened him ? '' 
 `` yes i did ! '' 
 `` brilliant ! '' 
 `` i know ! '' 
 elend said . 
 `` i told my father that he was going to let me leave his camp and that he was going to leave luthadel alone , otherwise i 'd have vin kill him and every general in his army . '' 
 he put his arm around vin . 
 she smiled at the group , but he could tell that something was still troubling her . 
 she does n't think i did a good job , elend realized . 
 she saw a better way to manipulate straff , but she does n't want to spoil my enthusiasm . 
 `` well , guess we wo n't need a new king , '' spook said with a smile . 
 `` i was kind of looking forward to taking the job ... '' elend laughed . 
 `` i do n't intend to vacate the position for quite some time yet . 
 we 'll let the people know that straff has been cowed , if temporarily . 
 that should boost morale a bit . 
 then , we deal with the assembly . 
 hopefully , they 'll pass a resolution to wait for me to meet with cett like i just did with straff . '' 
 `` shall we have a celebration back at the palace ? '' 
 breeze asked . 
 `` as fond as i am of the mists , i doubt the courtyard is an appropriate place to be discussing these issues . '' 
 elend patted him on the back and nodded . 
 ham and dockson joined him and vin , while the others took the carriage they 'd come in . 
 elend glanced oddly at dockson as he climbed into the carriage . 
 ordinarily , the man would have chosen the other vehicle-the one elend was n't in . 
 `` honestly , elend , '' ham said as he settled into his seat . 
 `` i 'm impressed . 
 i half thought we were going to have to raid that camp to get you back . '' 
 elend smiled , eyeing dockson , who sat down as the carriage began moving . 
 he pulled open his satchel and took out a sealed envelope . 
 he looked up and met elend 's eyes . 
 `` this came from the assembly members for you a short time ago , your majesty . '' 
 elend paused . 
 then he took it and broke the seal . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 `` i 'm not sure , '' dockson said . 
 `` but ... i 've already started hearing rumors . '' 
 vin leaned in , reading over elend 's arm as he scanned the sheet inside . 
 your majesty , it read . 
 this note is to inform you that by majority vote , the assembly has decided to invoke the charter 's no-confidence clause . 
 we appreciate your efforts on behalf of the city , but the current situation calls for a different kind of leadership than your majesty can provide . 
 we take this step with no hostility , but only resignation . 
 we see no other alternative , and must act for the good of luthadel . 
 we regret to have to inform you of this by letter . 
 it was signed by all twenty-three members of the assembly . 
 elend lowered the paper , shocked . 
 `` what ? '' 
 ham asked . 
 `` i 've just been deposed , '' elend said quietly . 
 part three king he left ruin in his wake , but it was forgotten . 
 he created kingdoms , and then destroyed them as he made the world anew . 
 28 `` let me see if i understand this correctly , '' tindwyl said , calm and polite , yet somehow still stern and disapproving . 
 `` there is a clause in the kingdom 's legal code that lets the assembly overthrow their king ? '' 
 elend wilted slightly . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` and you wrote the law yourself ? '' 
 tindwyl demanded . 
 `` most of it , '' elend admitted . 
 `` you wrote into your own law a way that you could be deposed ? '' 
 tindwyl repeated . 
 their group-expanded from those who had met in the carriages to include clubs , tindwyl , and captain demoux-sat in elend 's study . 
 the group 's size was such that they 'd run out of chairs , and vin sat quietly at the side , on a stack of elend 's books , having quickly changed to trousers and shirt . 
 tindwyl and elend were standing , but the rest were seated-breeze prim , ham relaxed , and spook trying to balance his chair as he leaned back on two legs . 
 `` i put in that clause intentionally , '' elend said . 
 he stood at the front of the room , leaning with one arm against the glass of his massive stained-glass window , looking up at its dark shards . 
 `` this land wilted beneath the hand of an oppressive ruler for a thousand years . 
 during that time , philosophers and thinkers dreamed of a government where a bad ruler could be ousted without bloodshed . 
 i took this throne through an unpredictable and unique series of events , and i did n't think it right to unilaterally impose my will-or the will of my descendants-upon the people . 
 i wanted to start a government whose monarchs would be responsible to their subjects . '' 
 sometimes , he talks like those books he reads , vin thought . 
 not like a normal man at all ... but like words on a page . 
 zane 's words came back to her , seeming to whisper in her mind . 
 you are n't like him . 
 she pushed the thought out . 
 `` with respect , your majesty , '' tindwyl said , `` this has to be one of the most foolish things i 've ever seen a leader do . '' 
 `` it was for the good of the kingdom , '' elend said . 
 `` it was sheer idiocy , '' tindwyl snapped . 
 `` a king does n't subject himself to the whims of another ruling body . 
 he is valuable to his people because he is an absolute authority ! '' 
 vin had rarely seen elend so sorrowful , and she cringed a bit at the sadness in his eyes . 
 however , a different piece of her was rebelliously happy . 
 he was n't king anymore . 
 now maybe people would n't work so hard to kill him . 
 maybe he could just be elend again , and they could leave . 
 go somewhere . 
 a place where things were n't so complicated . 
 `` regardless , '' dockson said to the quiet room , `` something must be done . 
 discussing the prudence of decisions already past has little current relevance . '' 
 `` agreed , '' ham said . 
 `` so , the assembly tried to kick you out . 
 what are we going to do about it ? '' 
 `` we obviously ca n't let them have their way , '' breeze said . 
 `` why , the people overthrew a government just last year ! 
 this is a bad habit to be getting into , i should think . '' 
 `` we need to prepare a response , your majesty , '' dockson said . 
 `` something decrying this deceitful maneuver , performed while you were negotiating for the very safety of the city . 
 now that i look back , it 's obvious that they arranged this meeting so that you could n't be present and defend yourself . '' 
 elend nodded , still staring up at the dark glass . 
 `` there 's probably no need to call me your majesty anymore , dox . '' 
 `` nonsense , '' tindwyl said , arms folded as she stood beside a bookcase . 
 `` you are still king . '' 
 `` i 've lost the mandate of the people , '' elend said . 
 `` yes , '' clubs said , `` but you 've still got the mandate of my armies . 
 that makes you king no matter what the assembly says . '' 
 `` exactly , '' tindwyl said . 
 `` foolish laws aside , you 're still in a position of power . 
 we need to tighten martial law , restrict movement within the city . 
 seize control of key points , and sequester the members of the assembly so that your enemies ca n't raise a resistance against you . '' 
 `` i 'll have my men on the streets before light , '' clubs said . 
 `` no , '' elend said quietly . 
 there was a pause . 
 `` your majesty ? '' 
 dockson asked . 
 `` it really is the best move . 
 we ca n't let this faction against you gain momentum . '' 
 `` it 's not a faction , dox , '' elend said . 
 `` it 's the elected representatives of the assembly . '' 
 `` an assembly you formed , my dear man , '' breeze said . 
 `` they have power because you gave it to them . '' 
 `` the law gives them their power , breeze , '' elend said . 
 `` and we are all subject to it . '' 
 `` nonsense , '' tindwyl said . 
 `` as king , you are the law . 
 once we secure the city , you can call in the assembly and explain to its members that you need their support . 
 those who disagree can be held until the crisis is over . '' 
 `` no , '' elend said , a little more firm . 
 `` we will do none of that . '' 
 `` that 's it , then ? '' 
 ham asked . 
 `` you 're giving up ? '' 
 `` i 'm not giving up , ham , '' elend said , finally turning to regard the group . 
 `` but i 'm not going to use the city 's armies to pressure the assembly . '' 
 `` you 'll lose your throne , '' breeze said . 
 `` see reason , elend , '' ham said with a nod . 
 `` i will not be an exception to my own laws ! '' 
 elend said . 
 `` do n't be a fool , '' tindwyl said . 
 `` you should - '' `` tindwyl , '' elend said , `` respond to my ideas as you wish , but do not call me a fool again . 
 i will not be belittled because i express my opinion ! '' 
 tindwyl paused , mouth partially open . 
 then she pressed her lips together and took her seat . 
 vin felt a quiet surge of satisfaction . 
 you trained him , tindwyl , she thought with a smile . 
 can you really complain if he stands up to you ? 
 elend walked forward , placing his hands on the table as he regarded the group . 
 `` yes , we will respond . 
 dox , you write a letter informing the assembly of our disappointment and feelings of betrayal-inform them of our success with straff , and lay on the guilt as thickly as possible . 
 `` the rest of us will begin planning . 
 we 'll get the throne back . 
 as has been stated , i know the law . 
 i wrote it . 
 there are ways to deal with this . 
 those ways do not , however , include sending our armies to secure the city . 
 i will not be like the tyrants who would take luthadel from us ! 
 i will not force the people to do my will , even if i know it is best for them . '' 
 `` your majesty , '' tindwyl said carefully , `` there is nothing immoral about securing your power during a time of chaos . 
 people react irrationally during such times . 
 that is one of the reasons why they need strong leadership . 
 they need you . '' 
 `` only if they want me , tindwyl , '' elend said . 
 `` forgive me , your majesty , '' tindwyl said , `` but that statement seems somewhat naive to me . '' 
 elend smiled . 
 `` perhaps it is . 
 you can change my clothing and my bearing , but you ca n't change the soul of who i am . 
 i 'll do what i think is right-and that includes letting the assembly depose me , if that is their choice . '' 
 tindwyl frowned . 
 `` and if you ca n't get your throne back through lawful means ? '' 
 `` then i accept that fact , '' elend said . 
 `` and do my best to help the kingdom anyway . '' 
 so much for running away , vin thought . 
 however , she could n't help smiling . 
 part of what she loved about elend was his sincerity . 
 his simple love for the people of luthadel-his determination to do what was right for them-was what separated him from kelsier . 
 even in martyrdom , kelsier had displayed a hint of arrogance . 
 he 'd made certain that he would be remembered like few men who had ever lived . 
 but elend-to him , ruling the central dominance was n't about fame or glory . 
 for the first time , completely and honestly , she decided something . 
 elend was a far better king than kelsier would ever have been . 
 `` i 'm ... not certain what i think of this experience , mistress , '' a voice whispered beside her . 
 vin paused , looking down as she realized that she had begun idly scratching oreseur 's ears . 
 she pulled her hand back with a start . 
 `` sorry , '' she said . 
 oreseur shrugged , resting his head back on his paws . 
 `` so , you said there 's a legal way to get the throne back , '' ham said . 
 `` how do we go about it ? '' 
 `` the assembly has one month to choose a new king , '' elend said . 
 `` nothing in the law says that the new king ca n't be the same as the old one . 
 and , if they ca n't come up with a majority decision by that deadline , the throne reverts to me for a minimum of one year . '' 
 `` complicated , '' ham said , rubbing his chin . 
 `` what did you expect ? '' 
 breeze said . 
 `` it 's the law . '' 
 `` i did n't mean the law itself , '' ham said . 
 `` i meant getting the assembly to either choose elend or not choose anyone . 
 they would n't have deposed him in the first place unless they had another person in mind for the throne . '' 
 `` not necessarily , '' dockson said . 
 `` perhaps they simply meant this as a warning . '' 
 `` perhaps , '' elend said . 
 `` gentlemen , i think this is a sign . 
 i 've been ignoring the assembly-we thought that they were taken care of , since i got them to sign that proposal giving me right of parlay . 
 however , we never realized that an easy way for them to get around that proposal was to choose a new king , then have him do as they wished . '' 
 he sighed , shaking his head . 
 `` i have to admit , i 've never been very good at handling the assembly . 
 they do n't see me as a king , but as a colleague-and because of that , they can easily see themselves taking my place . 
 i 'll bet one of the assemblymen has convinced the others to put him on the throne instead . '' 
 `` so , we just make him disappear , '' ham said . 
 `` i 'm sure vin could ... '' elend frowned . 
 `` i 'm joking , el , '' ham said . 
 `` you know , ham , '' breeze noted . 
 `` the only funny thing about your jokes is how often they lack any humor whatsoever . '' 
 `` you 're only saying that because they usually involve you in the punch line . '' 
 breeze rolled his eyes . 
 `` you know , '' oreseur muttered quietly , obviously counting on her tin to let vin hear him , `` it seems that these meetings would be more productive if someone forgot to invite those two . '' 
 vin smiled . 
 `` they 're not that bad , '' she whispered . 
 oreseur raised an eyebrow . 
 `` okay , '' vin said . 
 `` they do distract us a little bit . '' 
 `` i could always eat one of them , if you wish , '' oreseur said . 
 `` that might speed things up . '' 
 vin paused . 
 oreseur , however , had a strange little smile on his lips . 
 `` kandra humor , mistress . 
 i apologize . 
 we can be a bit grim . '' 
 vin smiled . 
 `` they probably would n't taste very good anyway . 
 ham 's far too stringy , and you do n't want to know the kinds of things that breeze spends his time eating ... '' `` i 'm not sure , '' oreseur said . 
 `` one is , after all , named ` ham . ' 
 as for the other ... '' he nodded to the cup of wine in breeze 's hand . 
 `` he does seem quite fond of marinating himself . '' 
 elend was picking through his stacks of books , pulling out several relevant volumes on law-including the book of luthadel law that he himself had written . 
 `` your majesty , '' tindwyl said , emphasizing the term . 
 `` you have two armies on your doorstep , and a group of koloss making their way into the central dominance . 
 do you honestly think that you have time for a protracted legal battle now ? '' 
 elend set down the books and pulled his chair to the table . 
 `` tindwyl , '' he said . 
 `` i have two armies on my doorstep , koloss coming to pressure them , and i myself am the main obstacle keeping the leaders of this city from handing the kingdom over to one of the invaders . 
 do you honestly think that it 's a coincidence that i get deposed now ? '' 
 several members of the crew perked up at this , and vin cocked her head . 
 `` you think one of the invaders might be behind this ? '' 
 ham asked , rubbing his chin . 
 `` what would you do , if you were them ? '' 
 elend said , opening a book . 
 `` you ca n't attack the city , because it will cost you too many troops . 
 the siege has already lasted weeks , your troops are getting cold , and the men dockson hired have been attacking your canal supply barges , threatening your food supply . 
 add on top of that , you know that a large force of koloss are marching this way ... and , well , it makes sense . 
 if straff and cett 's spies are any good , they 'll know that the assembly just about capitulated and gave the city away when that army first arrived . 
 assassins have failed to kill me , but if there were another way to remove me ... '' `` yes , '' breeze said . 
 `` this does sound like something cett would do . 
 turn the assembly against you , put a sympathizer on the throne , then get him to open the gates . '' 
 elend nodded . 
 `` and my father seemed hesitant to side with me this evening , as if he felt he had some other way to get the city . 
 i ca n't be certain if either monarch is behind this move , tindwyl , but we certainly ca n't ignore the possibility . 
 this is n't a distraction-this is very much part of the same siege tactics we 've been fighting since those armies arrived . 
 if i can put myself back on the throne , then straff and cett will know that i 'm the only one they can work with-and that will , hopefully , make them more likely to side with me in desperation , particularly as those koloss draw near . '' 
 with that , elend began riffling through a stack of books . 
 his depression seemed to be abating in face of this new academic problem . 
 `` there might be a few other clauses of relevance in the law , '' he half mumbled . 
 `` i need to do some studying . 
 spook , did you invite sazed to this meeting ? '' 
 spook shrugged . 
 `` i could n't get him to wake up . '' 
 `` he 's recovering from his trip here , '' tindwyl said , turning away from her study of elend and his books . 
 `` it 's an issue of the keepers . '' 
 `` needs to refill one of his metalminds ? '' 
 ham asked . 
 tindwyl paused , her expression darkening . 
 `` he explained that to you , then ? '' 
 ham and breeze nodded . 
 `` i see , '' tindwyl said . 
 `` regardless , he could not help with this problem , your majesty . 
 i give you some small aid in the area of government because it is my duty to train leaders in knowledge of the past . 
 however , traveling keepers such as sazed do not take sides in political matters . '' 
 `` political matters ? '' 
 breeze asked lightly . 
 `` you mean , perhaps , like overthrowing the final empire ? '' 
 tindwyl closed her mouth , lips growing thin . 
 `` you should not encourage him to break his vows , '' she finally said . 
 `` if you were his friends , you would see that to be true , i think . '' 
 `` oh ? '' 
 breeze asked , pointing at her with his cup of wine . 
 `` personally , i think you 're just embarrassed that he disobeyed you all , but then actually ended up freeing your people . '' 
 tindwyl gave breeze a flat stare , her eyes narrow , her posture stiff . 
 they sat that way for a long moment . 
 `` push on my emotions all you wish , soother , '' tindwyl said . 
 `` my feelings are my own . 
 you will have no success here . '' 
 breeze finally turned back to his drink , muttering something about `` damn terrismen . '' 
 elend , however , was n't paying attention to the argument . 
 he already had four books open on the table before him , and was flipping through a fifth . 
 vin smiled , remembering the days-not so long ago-when his courtship of her had often involved him plopping himself down in a nearby chair and opening a book . 
 he is the same man , she thought . 
 and that soul , that man , is the one who loved me before he knew i was mistborn . 
 he loved me even after he discovered i was a thief , and thought i was trying to rob him . 
 i need to remember that . 
 `` come on , '' she whispered to oreseur , standing as breeze and ham got into another argument . 
 she needed time to think , and the mists were still fresh . 
 this would be a lot easier if i were n't so skilled , elend thought with amusement , poking through his books . 
 i set up the law too well . 
 he followed a particular passage with his finger , rereading it as the crew slowly trailed away . 
 he could n't remember if he 'd dismissed them or not . 
 tindwyl would probably chastise him for that . 
 here , he thought , tapping the page . 
 i might have grounds to argue for a revote if any of the members of the assembly arrived late to the meeting , or made their votes in absentia . 
 the vote to depose had to be unanimous-save , of course , for the king being deposed . 
 he paused , noticing movement . 
 tindwyl was the only one still in the room with him . 
 he looked up from his books with resignation . 
 i probably have this coming ... `` i apologize for treating you with disrespect , your majesty , '' she said . 
 elend frowned . 
 was n't expecting that . 
 `` i have a habit of treating people like children , '' tindwyl said . 
 `` it is not something that i should be proud of , i think . '' 
 `` it 's - '' elend paused . 
 tindwyl had taught him never to excuse people 's failings . 
 he could accept people with failings-even forgive them-but if he glossed over the problems , then they would never change . 
 `` i accept your apology , '' he said . 
 `` you 've learned quickly , your majesty . '' 
 `` i have n't had much choice , '' elend said with a smile . 
 `` of course , i did n't change fast enough for the assembly . '' 
 `` how did you let this happen ? '' 
 she asked quietly . 
 `` even considering our disagreement over how a government should be run , i should think that these assemblymen would be supporters of yours . 
 you gave them their power . '' 
 `` i ignored them , tindwyl . 
 powerful men , friends or not , never like being ignored . '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` though , perhaps we should pause to take note of your successes , rather than simply focusing on your failings . 
 vin tells me that your meeting with your father went well . '' 
 elend smiled . 
 `` we scared him into submission . 
 it felt very good to do something like that to straff . 
 but , i think i might have offended vin somehow . '' 
 tindwyl raised an eyebrow . 
 elend set down his book , leaning forward with his arms on the desk . 
 `` she was in an odd mood on the way back . 
 i could barely get her to talk to me . 
 i 'm not sure what it was . '' 
 `` perhaps she was just tired . '' 
 `` i 'm not convinced that vin gets tired , '' elend said . 
 `` she 's always moving , always doing something . 
 sometimes , i worry that she thinks i 'm lazy . 
 maybe that 's why ... '' he trailed off , then shook his head . 
 `` she does n't think that you are lazy , your majesty , '' tindwyl said . 
 `` she refused to marry you because she does n't think that she is worthy of you . '' 
 `` nonsense , '' elend said . 
 `` vin 's mistborn , tindwyl . 
 she knows she 's worth ten men like me . '' 
 tindwyl raised an eyebrow . 
 `` you understand very little about women , elend venture-especially young women . 
 to them , their competence has a surprisingly small amount to do with how they feel about themselves . 
 vin is insecure . 
 she does n't believe that she deserves to be with you-it is less that she does n't think she deserves you personally , and more that she is n't convinced that she deserves to be happy at all . 
 she has led a very confusing , difficult life . '' 
 `` how sure are you about this ? '' 
 `` i 've raised a number of daughters , your majesty , '' tindwyl said . 
 `` i understand the things of which i speak . '' 
 `` daughters ? '' 
 elend asked . 
 `` you have children ? '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 `` i just ... '' the terrismen he 'd known were eunuchs , like sazed . 
 the same could n't be true for a woman like tindwyl , of course , but he 'd assumed that the lord ruler 's breeding programs would have affected her somehow . 
 `` regardless , '' tindwyl said curtly , `` you must make some decisions , your majesty . 
 your relationship with vin is going to be difficult . 
 she has certain issues that will provide more problems than you would find in a more conventional woman . '' 
 `` we 've already discussed this , '' elend said . 
 `` i 'm not looking for a more ` conventional ' woman . 
 i love vin . '' 
 `` i 'm not implying that you should n't , '' tindwyl said calmly . 
 `` i am simply giving you instruction , as i have been asked to do . 
 you need to decide how much you 're going to let the girl , and your relationship with her , distract you . '' 
 `` what makes you think i 'm distracted ? '' 
 tindwyl raised an eyebrow . 
 `` i asked you about your success with lord venture this evening , and all you wanted to talk about was how vin felt during the ride home . '' 
 elend hesitated . 
 `` which is more important to you , your majesty ? '' 
 tindwyl asked . 
 `` this girl 's love , or the good of your people ? '' 
 `` i 'm not going to answer a question like that , '' elend said . 
 `` eventually , you may not have a choice , '' tindwyl said . 
 `` it is a question most kings face eventually , i fear . '' 
 `` no , '' elend said . 
 `` there 's no reason that i ca n't both love vin and protect my people . 
 i 've studied too many hypothetical dilemmas to be caught in a trap like that . '' 
 tindwyl shrugged , standing . 
 `` believe as you wish , your majesty . 
 however , i already see a dilemma , and i find it not at all hypothetical . '' 
 she bowed her head slightly in deference , then withdrew from the room , leaving him with his books . 
 there were other proofs to connect alendi to the hero of ages . 
 smaller things , things that only one trained in the lore of the anticipation would have noticed . 
 the birthmark on his arm . 
 the way his hair turned gray when he was barely twenty and five years of age . 
 the way he spoke , the way he treated people , the way he ruled . 
 he simply seemed to fit . 
 29 `` tell me , mistress , '' oreseur said , lying lazily , head on paws . 
 `` i have been around humans for a goodly number of years . 
 i was under the impression that they needed regular sleep . 
 i guess i was mistaken . '' 
 vin sat on a wall-top stone ledge , one leg up against her chest , the other dangling over the side of the wall . 
 keep hasting 's towers were dark shadows in the mists to her right and to her left . 
 `` i sleep , '' she said . 
 `` occasionally . '' 
 oreseur yawned a deep , tongue-stretching yawn . 
 was he adopting more canine mannerisms ? 
 vin turned away from the kandra , looking east , over the slumbering city of luthadel . 
 there was a fire in the distance , a growing light that was too large to be of man 's touch . 
 dawn had arrived . 
 another night had passed , making it nearly a week since she and elend had visited straff 's army . 
 zane had yet to appear . 
 `` you 're burning pewter , are n't you ? '' 
 oreseur asked . 
 `` to stay awake ? '' 
 vin nodded . 
 beneath a light burn of pewter , her fatigue was only a mild annoyance . 
 she could feel it deep within her , if she looked hard , but it had no power over her . 
 her senses were keen , her body strong . 
 even the night 's cold was n't as bothersome . 
 the moment she extinguished her pewter , however , she 'd feel the exhaustion in force . 
 `` that can not be healthy , mistress , '' oreseur said . 
 `` you sleep barely three or four hours a day . 
 nobody-mistborn , man , or kandra-can survive on a schedule like that for long . '' 
 vin looked down . 
 how could she explain her strange insomnia ? 
 she should be over that ; she no longer had to be frightened of the other crewmembers around her . 
 and yet , no matter how exhausted she grew , she was finding sleep more and more difficult to claim . 
 how could she sleep , with that quiet thumping in the distance ? 
 it seemed to be getting closer , for some reason . 
 or simply stronger ? 
 i hear the thumping sounds from above , the pulsings from the mountains ... words from the logbook . 
 how could she sleep , knowing that the spirit watched her from the mist , ominous and hateful ? 
 how could she sleep when armies threatened to slaughter her friends , when elend 's kingdom had been taken from him , when everything she thought she 'd known and loved was getting muddled and obscure ? 
 ... when i finally lie down , i find sleep elusive . 
 the same thoughts that trouble me during the day are only compounded by the stillness of night ... oreseur yawned again . 
 `` he 's not coming , mistress . '' 
 vin turned , frowning . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` this is the last place you sparred with zane , '' oreseur said . 
 `` you 're waiting for him to come . '' 
 vin paused . 
 `` i could use a spar , '' she finally said . 
 light continued to grow in the east , slowly brightening the mists . 
 the mists persisted , however , reticent to give way before the sun . 
 `` you should n't let that man influence you so , mistress , '' oreseur said . 
 `` i do not think he is the person you believe him to be . '' 
 vin frowned . 
 `` he 's my enemy . 
 what else would i believe ? '' 
 `` you do not treat him like an enemy , mistress . '' 
 `` well , he has n't attacked elend , '' vin said . 
 `` maybe zane is n't fully under straff 's control . '' 
 oreseur sat quietly , head on paws . 
 then he turned away . 
 `` what ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 `` nothing , mistress . 
 i will believe as i 'm told . '' 
 `` oh , no , '' vin said , turning on the ledge to look at him . 
 `` you 're not going back to that excuse . 
 what were you thinking ? '' 
 oreseur sighed . 
 `` i was thinking , mistress , that your fixation with zane is disconcerting . '' 
 `` fixation ? '' 
 vin said . 
 `` i 'm just keeping an eye on him . 
 i do n't like having another mistborn-enemy or not-running around in my city . 
 who knows what he could be up to ? '' 
 oreseur frowned , but said nothing . 
 `` oreseur , '' vin said , `` if you have things to say , speak ! '' 
 `` i apologize , mistress , '' oreseur said . 
 `` i 'm not accustomed to chatting with my masters-especially not candidly . '' 
 `` it 's all right . 
 just speak your mind . '' 
 `` well , mistress , '' oreseur said , raising his head off his paws , `` i do not like this zane . '' 
 `` what do you know of him ? '' 
 `` nothing more than you , '' oreseur admitted . 
 `` however , most kandra are very good judges of character . 
 when you practice imitation for as long as i have , you learn to see to the hearts of men . 
 i do not like what i have seen of zane . 
 he seems too pleased with himself . 
 he seems too deliberate in the way he has befriended you . 
 he makes me uncomfortable . '' 
 vin sat on the ledge , legs parted , hands before her with palms down , resting on the cool stone . 
 he might be right . 
 but , oreseur had n't flown with zane , had n't sparred in the mists . 
 through no fault of his own , oreseur was like elend . 
 not an allomancer . 
 neither of them could understand what it was to soar on a push of steel , to flare tin and experience the sudden shock of five heightened senses . 
 they could n't know . 
 they could n't understand . 
 vin leaned back . 
 then , she regarded the wolfhound in the growing light . 
 there was something she 'd been meaning to mention , and now seemed as good a time as any . 
 `` oreseur , you can switch bodies , if you want . '' 
 the wolfhound raised an eyebrow . 
 `` we have those bones that we found in the palace , '' vin said . 
 `` you can use those , if you 're tired of being a dog . '' 
 `` i could n't use them , '' oreseur said . 
 `` i have n't digested their body-i would n't know the proper arrangement of muscles and organs to make the person look correct . '' 
 `` well , then , '' vin said . 
 `` we could get you a criminal . '' 
 `` i thought you liked these bones on me , '' oreseur said . 
 `` i do , '' vin said . 
 `` but , i do n't want you to stay in a body that makes you unhappy . '' 
 oreseur snorted . 
 `` my happiness is not an issue . '' 
 `` it is to me , '' vin said . 
 `` we could - '' `` mistress , '' oreseur interrupted . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 `` i shall keep these bones . 
 i 've grown accustomed to them . 
 it is very frustrating to change forms often . '' 
 vin hesitated . 
 `` all right , '' she finally said . 
 oreseur nodded . 
 `` though , '' he continued , `` speaking of bodies , mistress , are we ever planning to return to the palace ? 
 not all of us have the constitution of a mistborn-some people need sleep and food on occasion . '' 
 he certainly complains a lot more now , vin thought . 
 however , she found the attitude to be a good sign ; it meant oreseur was growing more comfortable with her . 
 comfortable enough to tell her when he thought she was being stupid . 
 why do i even bother with zane ? 
 she thought , rising and turning eyes northward . 
 the mist was still moderately strong , and she could barely make out straff 's army , still holding the northern canal , maintaining the siege . 
 it sat like a spider , waiting for the right time to spring . 
 elend , she thought . 
 i should be more focused on elend . 
 his motions to dismiss the assembly 's decision , or to force a revote , had all failed . 
 and , stubbornly lawful as always , elend continued to accept his failures . 
 he still thought he had a chance to persuade the assembly to choose him as king-or at least not vote anybody else to the position . 
 so he worked on speeches and planned with breeze and dockson . 
 this left him little time for vin , and rightly so . 
 the last thing he needed was her distracting him . 
 this was something she could n't help him with-something she could n't fight or scare away . 
 his world is of papers , books , laws , and philosophies , she thought . 
 he rides the words of his theories like i ride the mists . 
 i always worry that he ca n't understand me ... but can i really even understand him ? 
 oreseur stood , stretched , and placed his forepaws on the wall 's railing to raise himself and look north , like vin . 
 vin shook her head . 
 `` sometimes , i wish elend were n't so ... well , noble . 
 the city does n't need this confusion right now . '' 
 `` he did the right thing , mistress . '' 
 `` you think so ? '' 
 `` of course , '' oreseur said . 
 `` he made a contract . 
 it is his duty to keep that contract , no matter what . 
 he must serve his master-in his case , that would be the city-even if that master makes him do something very distasteful . '' 
 `` that 's a very kandralike way of seeing things , '' vin said . 
 oreseur looked up at her , raising a canine eyebrow , as if to ask well , what did you expect ? 
 she smiled ; she had to suppress a chuckle every time she saw that expression on his dog face . 
 `` come on , '' vin said . 
 `` let 's get back to the palace . '' 
 `` excellent , '' oreseur said , dropping down to all fours . 
 `` that meat i set out should be perfect by now . '' 
 `` unless the maids found it again , '' vin said with a smile . 
 oreseur 's expression darkened . 
 `` i thought you were going to warn them . '' 
 `` what would i say ? '' 
 vin asked with amusement . 
 `` please do n't throw away this rancid meat-my dog likes to eat it ? '' 
 `` why not ? '' 
 oreseur asked . 
 `` when i imitate a human , i almost never get to have a good meal , but dogs eat aged meat sometimes , do n't they ? '' 
 `` i honestly do n't know , '' vin said . 
 `` aged meat is delicious . '' 
 `` you mean ` rotten ' meat . '' 
 `` aged , '' oreseur said insistently as she picked him up , preparing to carry him down from the wall . 
 the top of keep hasting was a good hundred feet tall-far too high up for oreseur to jump , and the only path down would be through the inside of the abandoned keep . 
 better to carry him . 
 `` aged meat is like aged wine or aged cheese , '' oreseur continued . 
 `` it tastes better when it 's a few weeks old . '' 
 i suppose that 's one of the side effects of being related to scavengers , vin thought . 
 she hopped up on the lip of the wall , dropping a few coins . 
 however , as she prepared to jump-oreseur a large bulk in her arms-she hesitated . 
 she turned one last time , looking out at straff 's army . 
 it was fully visible now ; the sun had risen completely above the horizon . 
 yet , a few insistent swirls of mist wavered in the air , as if trying to defy the sun , to continue to cloak the city , to stave off the light of day ... lord ruler ! 
 vin thought , struck by a sudden insight . 
 she 'd been working on this problem so long , it had begun to frustrate her . 
 and now , when she 'd been ignoring it , the answer had come to her . 
 as if her subconscious had still been picking it apart . 
 `` mistress ? '' 
 oreseur asked . 
 `` is everything all right ? '' 
 vin opened her mouth slightly , cocking her head . 
 `` i think i just realized what the deepness was . '' 
 but , i must continue with the sparsest of detail . 
 space is limited . 
 the other worldbringers must have thought themselves humble when they came to me , admitting that they had been wrong . 
 even then , i was beginning to doubt my original declaration . 
 but , i was prideful . 
 30 i write this record now , sazed read , pounding it into a metal slab , because i am afraid . 
 afraid for myself , yes-i admit to being human . 
 if alendi does return from the well of ascension , i am certain that my death will be one of his first objectives . 
 he is not an evil man , but he is a ruthless one . 
 that is , i think , a product of what he has been through . 
 i am also afraid , however , that all i have known-that my story-will be forgotten . 
 i am afraid for the world that is to come . 
 afraid that alendi will fail . 
 afraid of a doom brought by the deepness . 
 it all comes back to poor alendi . 
 i feel bad for him , and for all the things he has been forced to endure . 
 for what he has been forced to become . 
 but , let me begin at the beginning . 
 i met alendi first in khlennium ; he was a young lad then , and had not yet been warped by a decade spent leading armies . 
 alendi 's height struck me the first time i saw him . 
 here was a man who was small of stature , but who seemed to tower over others , a man who demanded respect . 
 oddly , it was alendi 's simple ingenuousness that first led me to befriend him . 
 i employed him as an assistant during his first months in the grand city . 
 it was n't until years later that i became convinced that alendi was the hero of ages . 
 hero of ages : the one called rabzeen in khlennium , the anamnesor . 
 savior . 
 when i finally had the realization-finally connected all of the signs of the anticipation to him-i was so excited . 
 yet , when i announced my discovery to the other worldbringers , i was met with scorn . 
 oh , how i wish that i had listened to them . 
 and yet , any who know me will realize that there was no chance i would give up so easily . 
 once i find something to investigate , i become dogged in my pursuit . 
 i had determined that alendi was the hero of ages , and i intended to prove it . 
 i should have bowed before the will of the others ; i should n't have insisted on traveling with alendi to witness his journeys . 
 it was inevitable that alendi himself would find out what i believed him to be . 
 yes , he was the one who fueled the rumors after that . 
 i could never have done what he himself did , convincing and persuading the world that he was indeed the hero . 
 i do n't know if he himself believed it , but he made others think that he must be the one . 
 if only the terris religion , and belief in the anticipation , had n't spread beyond our people . 
 if only the deepness had n't come , providing a threat that drove men to desperation both in action and belief . 
 if only i had passed over alendi when looking for an assistant , all those years ago . 
 sazed sat back from his work of transcribing the rubbing . 
 there was still a great deal to do-it was amazing how much writing this kwaan had managed to cram onto the relatively small sheet of steel . 
 sazed looked over his work . 
 he 'd spent his entire trip north anticipating the time when he could finally begin work on the rubbing . 
 a part of him had been worried . 
 would the dead man 's words seem as important sitting in a well-lit room as they had when in the dungeons of the conventical of seran ? 
 he scanned to another part of the document , reading a few choice paragraphs . 
 ones of particular importance to him . 
 as the one who found alendi , however , i became someone important . 
 foremost amongst the worldbringers . 
 there was a place for me , in the lore of the anticipation-i thought myself the announcer , the prophet foretold to discover the hero of ages . 
 renouncing alendi then would have been to renounce my new position , my acceptance , by the others . 
 and so i did not . 
 but i do so now . 
 let it be known that i , kwaan , worldbringer of terris , am a fraud . 
 sazed closed his eyes . 
 worldbringer . 
 the term was known to him ; the order of the keepers had been founded upon memories and hopes from terris legends . 
 the worldbringers had been teachers , feruchemists who had traveled the lands bearing knowledge . 
 they had been a prime inspiration for the secret order of keepers . 
 and now he had a document made by a worldbringer 's own hand . 
 tindwyl is going to be very annoyed with me , sazed thought , opening his eyes . 
 he 'd read the entire rubbing , but he would need to spend time studying it . 
 memorizing it . 
 cross-referencing it with other documents . 
 this one bit of writing-perhaps twenty pages total-could easily keep him busy for months , even years . 
 his window shutters rattled . 
 sazed looked up . 
 he was in his quarters at the palace-a tasteful collection of well-decorated rooms that were far too lavish for one who had spent his life as a servant . 
 he rose , walked over to the window , undid the latch , and pulled open the shutters . 
 he smiled as he found vin crouching on the ledge outside . 
 `` um ... hi , '' vin said . 
 she wore her mistcloak over gray shirt and black trousers . 
 despite the onset of morning , she obviously had n't yet gone to bed after her nightly prowling . 
 `` you should leave your window unlatched . 
 i ca n't get in if it 's locked . 
 elend got mad at me for breaking too many latches . '' 
 `` i shall try to remember that , lady vin , '' sazed said , and gesturing for her to enter . 
 vin hopped spryly through the window , mistcloak rustling . 
 `` try to remember ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` you never forget anything . 
 not even the things you do n't have stuck in a metalmind . '' 
 she 's grown so much more bold , he thought as she walked over to his writing desk , peering over his work . 
 even in the months i 've been away . 
 `` what 's this ? '' 
 vin asked , still looking at the desk . 
 `` i found it at the conventical of seran , lady vin , '' sazed said , walking forward . 
 it felt so good to be wearing clean robes again , to have a quiet and comfortable place in which to study . 
 was he a bad man for preferring this to travel ? 
 one month , he thought . 
 i will give myself one month of study . 
 then i will turn the project over to someone else . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 vin asked , holding up the rubbing . 
 `` if you please , lady vin , '' sazed said apprehensively . 
 `` that is quite fragile . 
 the rubbing could be smudged ... '' vin nodded , putting it down and scanning his transcription . 
 there had been a time when she would have avoided anything that smelled of stuffy writing , but now she looked intrigued . 
 `` this mentions the deepness ! '' 
 she said with excitement . 
 `` among other things , '' sazed said , joining her at the desk . 
 he sat down , and vin walked over to one of the room 's low-backed , plush chairs . 
 however , she did n't sit on it as an ordinary person would ; instead , she hopped up and sat down on the top of the chair 's back , her feet resting on the seat cushion . 
 `` what ? '' 
 she asked , apparently noticing sazed 's smile . 
 `` just amused at a proclivity of mistborn , lady vin , '' he said . 
 `` your kind has trouble simply sitting-it seems you always want to perch instead . 
 that is what comes from having such an incredible sense of balance , i think . '' 
 vin frowned , but passed over the comment . 
 `` sazed , '' she said , `` what was the deepness ? '' 
 he laced his fingers before himself , regarding the young woman as he mused . 
 `` the deepness , lady vin ? 
 that is a subject of much debate , i think . 
 it was supposedly something great and powerful , though some scholars have dismissed the entire legend as a fabrication concocted by the lord ruler . 
 there is some reason to believe this theory , i think , for the only real records of those times are the ones sanctioned by the steel ministry . '' 
 `` but , the logbook mentions the deepness , '' vin said . 
 `` and so does that thing you 're translating now . '' 
 `` indeed , lady vin , '' sazed said . 
 `` but , even among those who assume the deepness was real , there is a great deal of debate . 
 some hold to the lord ruler 's official story , that the deepness was a horrible , supernatural beast-a dark god , if you will . 
 others disagree with this extreme interpretation . 
 they think the deepness was more mundane-an army of some sort , perhaps invaders from another land . 
 the farmost dominance , during pre-ascension times , was apparently populated with several breeds of men who were quite primitive and warlike . '' 
 vin was smiling . 
 he looked at her questioningly , and she just shrugged . 
 `` i asked elend this same question , '' she explained , `` and i got barely a sentence-long response . '' 
 `` his majesty has different areas of scholarship ; pre-ascension history may be too stuffy a topic even for him . 
 besides , anyone who asks a keeper about the past should be prepared for an extended conversation , i think . '' 
 `` i 'm not complaining , '' vin said . 
 `` continue . '' 
 `` there is n't much more to say-or , rather , there is a great deal more to say , but i doubt much of it has relevance . 
 was the deepness an army ? 
 was it , perhaps , the first attack from koloss , as some theorize ? 
 that would explain much-most stories agree that the lord ruler gained some power to defeat the deepness at the well of ascension . 
 perhaps he gained the support of the koloss , and then used them as his armies . '' 
 `` sazed , '' vin said . 
 `` i do n't think the deepness was the koloss . '' 
 `` oh ? '' 
 `` i think it was the mist . '' 
 `` that theory has been proposed , '' sazed said with a nod . 
 `` it has ? '' 
 vin asked , sounding a bit disappointed . 
 `` of course , lady vin . 
 during the thousand-year reign of the final empire , there are few possibilities that have n't been discussed , i think . 
 the mist theory has been advanced before , but there are several large problems with it . '' 
 `` such as ? '' 
 `` well , '' sazed said , `` for one thing , the lord ruler is said to have defeated the deepness . 
 however , the mist is obviously still here . 
 also , if the deepness was simply mist , why call it by such an obscure name ? 
 of course , others point out that much of what we know or have heard of the deepness comes from oral lore , and something very common can take on mystical properties when transferred verbally through generations . 
 the ` deepness ' therefore could mean not just the mist , but the event of its coming or alteration . 
 `` the larger problem with the mist theory , however , is one of malignance . 
 if we trust the accounts-and we have little else to go on-the deepness was terrible and destructive . 
 the mist seems to display none of this danger . '' 
 `` but it kills people now . '' 
 sazed paused . 
 `` yes , lady vin . 
 it apparently does . '' 
 `` and what if it did so before , but the lord ruler stopped it somehow ? 
 you yourself said that you think we did something-something that changed the mist-when we killed the lord ruler . '' 
 sazed nodded . 
 `` the problems i have been investigating are quite terrible , to be certain . 
 however , i do not see that they could be a threat on the same level as the deepness . 
 certain people have been killed by the mists , but many are elderly or otherwise lacking in constitution . 
 it leaves many people alone . '' 
 he paused , tapping his thumbs together . 
 `` but , i would be remiss if i did n't admit some merit to the suggestion , lady vin . 
 perhaps even a few deaths would be enough to cause a panic . 
 the danger could have been exaggerated by retelling-and , perhaps the killings were more widespread before . 
 i have n't been able to collect enough information to be certain of anything yet . '' 
 vin did n't respond . 
 oh , dear , sazed thought , sighing to himself . 
 i 've bored her . 
 i really do need to be more careful , watching my vocabulary and my language . 
 one would think that after all my travels among the skaa , i would have learned - `` sazed ? '' 
 vin said , sounding thoughtful . 
 `` what if we 're looking at it wrong ? 
 what if these random deaths in the mists are n't the problem at all ? '' 
 `` what do you mean , lady vin ? '' 
 she sat quietly for a moment , one foot tapping back idly against the chair 's back cushion . 
 she finally looked up , meeting his eyes . 
 `` what would happen if the mists came during the day permanently ? '' 
 sazed mused on that for a moment . 
 `` there would be no light , '' vin continued . 
 `` plants would die , people would starve . 
 there would be death ... chaos . '' 
 `` i suppose , '' sazed said . 
 `` perhaps that theory has merit . '' 
 `` it 's not a theory , '' vin said , hopping down from her chair . 
 `` it 's what happened . '' 
 `` you 're so certain , already ? '' 
 sazed asked with amusement . 
 vin nodded curtly , joining him at the desk . 
 `` i 'm right , '' she said with her characteristic bluntness . 
 `` i know it . '' 
 she pulled something out of a trouser pocket , then drew over a stool to sit beside him . 
 she unfolded the wrinkled sheet and flattened it on the desk . 
 `` these are quotes from the logbook , '' vin said . 
 she pointed at a paragraph . 
 `` here the lord ruler talks about how armies were useless against the deepness . 
 at first , i thought this meant that the armies had n't been able to defeat it-but look at the wording . 
 he says ` the swords of my armies are useless . ' 
 what 's more useless than trying to swing a sword at mist ? '' 
 she pointed at another paragraph . 
 `` it left destruction in its wake , right ? 
 countless thousands died because of it . 
 but , he never says that the deepness actually attacked them . 
 he says that they ` died because of it . ' 
 maybe we 've just been looking at this the wrong way all along . 
 those people were n't crushed or eaten . 
 they starved to death because their land was slowly being swallowed by the mists . '' 
 sazed studied her paper . 
 she seemed so certain . 
 did she know nothing of proper research techniques ? 
 of questioning , of studying , of postulating and devising answers ? 
 of course she does n't , sazed chastised himself . 
 she grew up on the streets-she does n't use research techniques . 
 she just uses instinct . 
 and she 's usually right . 
 he smoothed the paper again , reading its passages . 
 `` lady vin ? 
 did you write this yourself ? '' 
 she flushed . 
 `` why is everybody so surprised about that ? '' 
 `` it just does n't seem in your nature , lady vin . '' 
 `` you people have corrupted me , '' she said . 
 `` look , there is n't a single comment on this sheet that contradicts the idea that the deepness was mist . '' 
 `` not contradicting a point and proving it are different things , lady vin . '' 
 she waved indifferently . 
 `` i 'm right , sazed . 
 i know i am . '' 
 `` what about this point , then ? '' 
 sazed asked , pointing to a line . 
 `` the hero implies that he can sense a sentience to the deepness . 
 the mist is n't alive . '' 
 `` well , it does swirl around someone using allomancy . '' 
 `` that is n't the same thing , i think , '' sazed said . 
 `` he says that the deepness was mad ... destructively insane . 
 evil . '' 
 vin paused . 
 `` there is something , sazed , '' she admitted . 
 he frowned . 
 she pointed at another section of notes . 
 `` do you recognize these paragraphs ? '' 
 it is n't a shadow , the words read . 
 this dark thing that follows me , the thing that only i can see-it is n't really a shadow . 
 it is blackish and translucent , but it does n't have a shadowlike solid outline . 
 it 's insubstantial-wispy and formless . 
 like it 's made out of a dark fog . 
 or mist , perhaps . 
 `` yes , lady vin , '' sazed said . 
 `` the hero saw a creature following him . 
 it attacked one of his companions , i think . '' 
 vin looked in his eyes . 
 `` i 've seen it , sazed . '' 
 he felt a chill . 
 `` it 's out there , '' she said . 
 `` every night , in the mists . 
 watching me . 
 i can feel it , with allomancy . 
 and , if i get close enough , i can see it . 
 as if formed from the mist itself . 
 insubstantial , yet somehow still there . '' 
 sazed sat quietly for a moment , not certain what to think . 
 `` you think me mad , '' vin accused . 
 `` no , lady vin , '' he said quietly . 
 `` i do n't think any of us are in a position to call such things madness , not considering what is happening . 
 just ... are you certain ? '' 
 she nodded firmly . 
 `` but , '' sazed said . 
 `` even if this is true , it does not answer my question . 
 the logbook author saw that same creature , and he did n't refer to it as the deepness . 
 it was not the deepness , then . 
 the deepness was something else-something dangerous , something he could feel as evil . '' 
 `` that 's the secret , then , '' vin said . 
 `` we have to figure out why he spoke of the mists that way . 
 then we 'll know ... '' `` know what , lady vin ? '' 
 sazed asked . 
 vin paused , then looked away . 
 she did n't answer , instead turning to a different topic . 
 `` sazed , the hero never did what he was supposed to . 
 rashek killed him . 
 and , when rashek took the power at the well , he did n't give it up like he was supposed to-he kept it for himself . '' 
 `` true , '' sazed said . 
 vin paused again . 
 `` and the mists have started killing people . 
 they 've started coming during the day . 
 it 's ... like things are repeating again . 
 so ... maybe that means that the hero of ages will have to come again . '' 
 she glanced back at him , looking a bit ... embarrassed ? 
 ah ... sazed thought , sensing her implication . 
 she saw things in the mists . 
 the previous hero had seen the same things . 
 `` i am not certain that is a valid statement , lady vin . '' 
 she snorted . 
 `` why ca n't you just come out and say ` you 're wrong , ' like regular people ? '' 
 `` i apologize , lady vin . 
 i have had much training as a servant , and we are taught to be nonconfrontational . 
 nevertheless , i do not think that you are wrong . 
 however , i also think that , perhaps , you have n't fully considered your position . '' 
 vin shrugged . 
 `` what makes you think that the hero of ages will return ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 things that happen ; things i feel . 
 the mists are coming again , and someone needs to stop them . '' 
 sazed ran his fingers across his translated section of the rubbing , looking over its words . 
 `` you do n't believe me , '' vin said . 
 `` it is n't that , lady vin , '' sazed said . 
 `` it 's just that i am not prone to rushing to decisions . '' 
 `` but , you 've thought about the hero of ages , have n't you ? '' 
 vin said . 
 `` he was part of your religion-the lost religion of terris , the thing you keepers were founded to try and discover . '' 
 `` that is true , '' sazed admitted . 
 `` however , we do not know much about the prophecies that our ancestors used to find their hero . 
 besides , the reading i 've been doing lately suggests that there was something wrong with their interpretations . 
 if the greatest theologians of pre-ascension terris were unable to properly identify their hero , how are we supposed to do so ? '' 
 vin sat quietly . 
 `` i should n't have brought it up , '' she finally said . 
 `` no , lady vin , please do n't think that . 
 i apologize-your theories have great merit . 
 i simply have a scholar 's mind , and must question and consider information when i am given it . 
 i am far too fond of arguing , i think . '' 
 vin looked up , smiling slightly . 
 `` another reason you never made a good terris steward ? '' 
 `` undoubtedly , '' he said with a sigh . 
 `` my attitude also tends to cause conflicts with the others of my order . '' 
 `` like tindwyl ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 `` she did n't sound happy when she heard that you 'd told us about feruchemy . '' 
 sazed nodded . 
 `` for a group dedicated to knowledge , the keepers can be rather stingy with information about their powers . 
 when the lord ruler still lived-when keepers were hunted-the caution was warranted , i think . 
 but , now that we are free from that , my brethren and sisters seem to have found the habit of secrecy a difficult one to break . '' 
 vin nodded . 
 `` tindwyl does n't seem to like you very much . 
 she says that she came because of your suggestion , but every time someone mentions you , she seems to get ... cold . '' 
 sazed sighed . 
 did tindwyl dislike him ? 
 he thought , perhaps , that her inability to do so was a large part of the problem . 
 `` she is simply disappointed in me , lady vin . 
 i 'm not sure how much you know of my history , but i had been working against the lord ruler for some ten years before kelsier recruited me . 
 the other keepers thought that i endangered my copperminds , and the very order itself . 
 they believed that the keepers should remain quiet-waiting for the day when the lord ruler fell , but not seeking to make it happen . '' 
 `` seems a bit cowardly to me , '' vin said . 
 `` ah , but it was a very prudent course . 
 you see , lady vin , had i been captured , there are many things i could have revealed . 
 the names of other keepers , the location of our safe houses , the means by which we managed to hide ourselves in terris culture . 
 my brethren worked for many decades to make the lord ruler think that feruchemy had finally been exterminated . 
 by revealing myself , i could have undone all of that . '' 
 `` that would only have been bad had we failed , '' vin said . 
 `` we did n't . '' 
 `` we could have . '' 
 `` we did n't . '' 
 sazed paused , then smiled . 
 sometimes , in a world of debate , questions , and self-doubt , vin 's simple bluntness was refreshing . 
 `` regardless , '' he continued , `` tindwyl is a member of the synod-a group of keeper elders who guide our sect . 
 i have been in rebellion against the synod a number of times during my past . 
 and , by returning to luthadel , i am defying them once again . 
 she has good reason to be displeased with me . '' 
 `` well , i think you 're doing the right thing , '' vin said . 
 `` we need you . '' 
 `` thank you , lady vin . '' 
 `` i do n't think you have to listen to tindwyl , '' she said . 
 `` she 's the type who acts like she knows more than she does . '' 
 `` she is very wise . '' 
 `` she 's hard on elend . '' 
 `` then she probably does so because it is best for him , '' sazed said . 
 `` do not judge her too harshly , child . 
 if she seems off-putting , it is only because she has lived a very hard life . '' 
 `` hard life ? '' 
 vin asked , tucking her notes back into her pocket . 
 `` yes , lady vin , '' sazed said . 
 `` you see , tindwyl spent most of her life as a terris mother . '' 
 vin hesitated , hand in pocket , looking surprised . 
 `` you mean ... she was a breeder ? '' 
 sazed nodded . 
 the lord ruler 's breeding program included selecting a few , special individuals to use for birthing new children-with the goal being to breed feruchemy out of the population . 
 `` tindwyl had , at last count , birthed over twenty children , '' he said . 
 `` each with a different father . 
 tindwyl had her first child when she was fourteen , and spent her entire life being taken repeatedly by strange men until she became pregnant . 
 and , because of the fertility drugs the breeding masters forced upon her , she often bore twins or triplets . '' 
 `` i. . . 
 see , '' vin said softly . 
 `` you are not the only one who knew a terrible childhood , lady vin . 
 tindwyl is perhaps the strongest woman i know . '' 
 `` how did she bear it ? '' 
 vin asked quietly . 
 `` i think ... i think i would probably have just killed myself . '' 
 `` she is a keeper , '' sazed said . 
 `` she suffered the indignity because she knew that she did a great service for her people . 
 you see , feruchemy is hereditary . 
 tindwyl 's position as a mother ensured future generations of feruchemists among our people . 
 ironically , she is exactly the sort of person that the breeding masters were supposed to avoid letting reproduce . '' 
 `` but , how did such a thing happen ? '' 
 `` the breeders assumed they 'd already cut feruchemy out of the population , '' sazed said . 
 `` they started looking to create other traits in the terris-docility , temperance . 
 they bred us like fine horses , and it was a great stroke when the synod managed to get tindwyl chosen for their program . 
 `` of course , tindwyl has very little training in feruchemy . 
 she did , fortunately , receive some of the copperminds that we keepers carry . 
 so , during her many years locked away , she was able to study and read biographies . 
 it was only during the last decade-her childbearing years through-that she was able to join and gain fellowship with the other keepers . '' 
 sazed paused , then shook his head . 
 `` by comparison , the rest of us have known a life of freedom , i think . '' 
 `` great , '' vin mumbled , standing and yawning . 
 `` another reason for you to feel guilty . '' 
 `` you should sleep , lady vin , '' sazed noted . 
 `` for a few hours , '' vin said , walking toward the door , leaving him alone again with his studies . 
 in the end , my pride may have doomed us all . 
 31 philen frandeu was not skaa . 
 he had never been skaa . 
 skaa made things or grew things . 
 philen sold things . 
 there was an enormous difference between the two . 
 oh , some people had called him skaa . 
 even now , he could see that word in the eyes of some of the other assemblymen . 
 they regarded philen and his fellow merchants with the same disdain that they gave the eight skaa workers on the assembly . 
 could n't they see that the two groups were completely different ? 
 philen shifted a bit on the bench . 
 should n't the assembly hall at least have comfortable seating ? 
 they were waiting on just a few members ; the tall clock in the corner said that fifteen minutes still remained until the meeting began . 
 oddly , one of those who had yet to arrive was venture himself . 
 king elend was usually early . 
 not king anymore , philen thought with a smile . 
 just plain old elend venture . 
 it was a poor name-not as good as philen 's own . 
 of course , he had been just `` lin '' until a year and a half ago . 
 philen frandeu was what he had dubbed himself after the collapse . 
 it delighted him to no end that the others had taken to calling him the name without pause . 
 but , why should n't he have a grand name ? 
 a lord 's name ? 
 was philen not as good as any of the `` noblemen '' sitting aloofly in their places ? 
 oh , he was just as good . 
 better , even . 
 yes , they had called him skaa-but during those years , they had come to him out of need , and so their arrogant sneers had lacked power . 
 he 'd seen their insecurity . 
 they 'd needed him . 
 a man they called skaa . 
 but he 'd also been a merchant . 
 a merchant who was n't noble . 
 something that was n't supposed to have existed in the lord ruler 's perfect little empire . 
 but , noblemen merchants had to work with the obligators . 
 and , where there had been obligators , nothing illegal could occur . 
 hence philen . 
 he 'd been ... an intermediary , of sorts . 
 a man capable of arranging deals between interested parties who , for various reasons , wanted to avoid the watchful eyes of the lord ruler 's obligators . 
 philen had n't been part of a thieving crew-no , that was far too dangerous . 
 and far too mundane . 
 he had been born with an eye for finances and trades . 
 give him two rocks , and he 'd have a quarry by the end of the week . 
 give him a spoke , and he 'd change it to a fine horse-drawn carriage . 
 two bits of corn , and he 'd eventually have a massive shipment of grain sailing to the farmost dominance markets . 
 actual noblemen had done the trades , of course , but philen had been behind it all . 
 a vast empire of his own . 
 and still , they could n't see . 
 he wore a suit as fine as theirs ; now that he could trade openly , he had become one of the wealthiest men in luthadel . 
 yet , the noblemen ignored him , just because he lacked a valid pedigree . 
 well , they would see . 
 after today 's meeting ... yes , they would see . 
 philen looked out into the crowd , looking anxiously for the person he had hidden there . 
 reassured , he looked toward the noblemen of the assembly , who sat chatting a short distance away . 
 one of their last members-lord ferson penrod-had just arrived . 
 the older man walked up onto the assembly 's dais , passing by the members , greeting each in turn . 
 `` philen , '' penrod said , noticing him . 
 `` a new suit , i see . 
 the red vest suits you . '' 
 `` lord penrod ! 
 why , you 're looking well . 
 you got over the other night 's ailment , then ? '' 
 `` yes , it passed quickly , '' the lord said , nodding a head topped with silver hair . 
 `` just a touch of stomach ills . '' 
 pity , philen thought , smiling . 
 `` well , we 'd best be seated . 
 i see that young venture is n't here , though ... '' `` yes , '' penrod said , frowning . 
 he 'd been most difficult to convince to vote against venture ; he had something of a fondness for the boy . 
 he had come around in the end . 
 they all had . 
 penrod moved on , joining the other noblemen . 
 the old fool probably thought he was going to end up as king . 
 well , philen had other plans for that throne . 
 it was n't philen 's own posterior that would sit in it , of course ; he had no interest in running a country . 
 seemed like a terrible way to make money . 
 selling things . 
 that was a much better way . 
 more stable , less likely to lose one his head . 
 oh , but philen had plans . 
 he 'd always had those . 
 he had to keep himself from glancing at the audience again . 
 philen turned , instead , to study the assembly . 
 they had all arrived except venture . 
 seven noblemen , eight merchants , and eight skaa workers : twenty-four men , with venture . 
 the three-way division was supposed to give the commoners the most power , since they ostensibly outnumbered the noblemen . 
 even venture had n't understood that merchants were n't skaa . 
 philen wrinkled his nose . 
 even though the skaa assemblymen usually cleaned up before coming to the meetings , he could smell the stink of forges , mills , and shops on them . 
 men who made things . 
 philen would have to be certain they were put back in their place , once this was over . 
 an assembly was an interesting idea , but it should be filled only with those who deserved the station . 
 men like philen . 
 lord philen , he thought . 
 not long now . 
 hopefully , elend would be late . 
 then , maybe they could avoid his speech . 
 philen could imagine how it would go anyway . 
 um ... now , see , this was n't fair . 
 i should be king . 
 here , let me read you a book about why . 
 now , um , can you all please give some more money to the skaa ? 
 philen smiled . 
 the man next to him , getrue , nudged him . 
 `` you think he 's going to show up ? '' 
 he whispered . 
 `` probably not . 
 he must know that we do n't want him . 
 we kicked him out , did n't we ? '' 
 getrue shrugged . 
 he 'd gained weight since the collapse-a lot of it . 
 `` i do n't know , lin . 
 i mean ... we did n't mean . 
 he was just ... the armies ... we have to have a strong king , right ? 
 someone who will keep the city from falling ? '' 
 `` of course , '' philen said . 
 `` and my name is n't lin . '' 
 getrue flushed . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 `` we did the right thing , '' philen continued . 
 `` venture is a weak man . 
 a fool . '' 
 `` i would n't say that , '' getrue said . 
 `` he has good ideas ... '' getrue glanced downward uncomfortably . 
 philen snorted , glancing at the clock . 
 it was time , though he could n't hear the chimes over the crowd . 
 the assembly meetings had become busy since venture 's fall . 
 benches fanned out before the stage , benches crowded with people , mostly skaa . 
 philen was n't sure why they were allowed to attend . 
 they could n't vote or anything . 
 more venture foolishness , he thought , shaking his head . 
 at the very back of the room-behind the crowd , opposite the stage-sat two large , broad doors letting in the red sunlight . 
 philen nodded toward some men , and they pushed the doors shut . 
 the crowds hushed . 
 philen stood to address the assembly . 
 `` well , since - '' the assembly hall doors burst back open . 
 a man in white stood with a small crowd of people , backlit by red sunlight . 
 elend venture . 
 philen cocked his head , frowning . 
 the former king strode forward , white cape fluttering behind him . 
 his mistborn was at his side , as usual , but she was wearing a dress . 
 from the few times philen had spoken with her , he would have expected her to look awkward in a noblewoman 's gown . 
 and yet , she seemed to wear it well , walking gracefully . 
 she actually looked rather fetching . 
 at least , until philen met her eyes . 
 she did not have a warm look for the assembly members , and philen glanced away . 
 venture had brought all of his allomancers with him-the former thugs of the survivor 's crew . 
 elend apparently wanted to remind everyone who his friends were . 
 powerful men . 
 frightening men . 
 men who killed gods . 
 and elend had not one , but two terrismen with him . 
 one was only a woman-philen had never seen a terriswoman before-but still , it was impressive . 
 everyone had heard how the stewards had left their masters after the collapse ; they refused to work as servants anymore . 
 where had venture found not one , but two of the colorful-robed stewards to serve him ? 
 the crowd sat quietly , watching venture . 
 some seemed uncomfortable . 
 how were they to treat this man ? 
 others seemed ... awed ? 
 was that right ? 
 who would be awed by elend venture-even if the elend venture in question was clean-shaven , had styled hair , wore new clothing and ... ? 
 philen frowned . 
 was that a dueling cane the king was wearing ? 
 and a wolfhound at his side ? 
 he 's not king anymore ! 
 philen reminded himself again . 
 venture strode up onto the assembly stage . 
 he turned , waving for his people-all eight of them-to sit with the guards . 
 venture then turned and glanced at philen . 
 `` philen , did you want to say something ? '' 
 philen realized he was still standing . 
 `` i. . . 
 was just - '' `` are you assembly chancellor ? '' 
 elend asked . 
 philen paused . 
 `` chancellor ? '' 
 `` the king presides at assembly meetings , '' elend said . 
 `` we now have no king-and so , by law , the assembly should have elected a chancellor to call speakers , adjudicate time allotments , and break tie votes . '' 
 he paused , eyeing philen . 
 `` someone needs to lead . 
 otherwise there is chaos . '' 
 despite himself , philen grew nervous . 
 did venture know that philen had organized the vote against him ? 
 no , no he did n't , he could n't . 
 he was looking at each of the assembly members in turn , meeting their eyes . 
 there was none of the jovial , dismissible boy that had attended these meetings before . 
 standing in the militaristic suit , firm instead of hesitant ... he almost seemed like a different person . 
 you found a coach , it appears , philen thought . 
 a little too late . 
 just wait ... philen sat down . 
 `` actually , we did n't get a chance to choose a chancellor , '' he said . 
 `` we were just getting to that . '' 
 elend nodded , a dozen different instructions rattling in his head . 
 keep eye contact . 
 use subtle , but firm , expressions . 
 never appear hurried , but do n't seem hesitant . 
 sit down without wiggling , do n't shuffle , use a straight posture , do n't form your hands into fists when you 're nervous ... he shot a quick glance at tindwyl . 
 she gave him a nod . 
 get back to it , el , he told himself . 
 let them sense the differences in you . 
 he walked over to take his seat , nodding to the other seven noblemen on the assembly . 
 `` very well , '' he said , taking the lead . 
 `` then , might i nominate a chancellor ? '' 
 `` yourself ? '' 
 asked dridel , one of the noblemen ; his sneer seemed permanent , as far as elend could tell . 
 it was a passably appropriate expression for one with such a sharp face and dark hair . 
 `` no , '' elend said . 
 `` i 'm hardly an unbiased party in today 's proceedings . 
 therefore , i nominate lord penrod . 
 he 's as honorable a man as we 're likely to find , and i believe he can be trusted to mediate our discussions . '' 
 the group was quiet for a moment . 
 `` that seems logical , '' hettel , a forge worker , finally said . 
 `` all in favor ? '' 
 elend said , raising his hand . 
 he got a good eighteen hands-all of the skaa , most of the nobility , only one of the merchants . 
 it was a majority , however . 
 elend turned to lord penrod . 
 `` i believe that means that you are in charge , ferson . '' 
 the stately man nodded appreciatively , then rose to formally open the meeting , something elend had once done . 
 penrod 's mannerisms were polished , his posture strong as he stood in his well-cut suit . 
 elend could n't help but feel a little jealous , watching penrod act so naturally in the things that elend was struggling to learn . 
 maybe he would make a better king than i , elend thought . 
 perhaps ... no , he thought firmly . 
 i have to be confident . 
 penrod is a decent man and an impeccable noble , but those things do not make a leader . 
 he has n't read what i 've read , and does n't understand legislative theory as i do . 
 he 's a good man , but he 's still a product of his society-he does n't consider skaa animals , but he 'll never be able to think of them as equals . 
 penrod finished the introductions , then turned to elend . 
 `` lord venture , you called this meeting . 
 i believe that the law grants you first opportunity to address the assembly . '' 
 elend nodded thankfully , rising . 
 `` will twenty minutes be enough time ? '' 
 penrod asked . 
 `` it should be , '' elend said , passing penrod as they traded places . 
 elend stood up at the lectern . 
 to his right , the floor of the hall was packed with shuffling , coughing , whispering people . 
 there was a tension to the room-this was the first time elend had confronted the group that had betrayed him . 
 `` as many of you know , '' elend said to the twenty-three assembly members , `` i recently returned from a meeting with straff venture-the warlord who is , unfortunately , my father . 
 i would like to give a report of this encounter . 
 realize that because this is an open meeting , i will adjust my report to avoid mentioning sensitive matters of national security . '' 
 he paused just slightly , and saw the looks of confusion he had expected . 
 finally , philen the merchant cleared his throat . 
 `` yes , philen ? '' 
 elend asked . 
 `` this is all well and good , elend , '' philen said . 
 `` but are n't you going to address the matter that brought us here ? '' 
 `` the reason we meet together , philen , '' elend said , `` is so that we can discuss how to keep luthadel safe and prosperous . 
 i think the people are most worried about the armies-and we should , primarily , seek to address their concerns . 
 matters of leadership in the assembly can wait . '' 
 `` i. . . 
 see , '' philen said , obviously confused . 
 `` the time is yours , lord venture , '' penrod said . 
 `` proceed as you wish . '' 
 `` thank you , chancellor , '' elend said . 
 `` i wish to make it very clear that my father is not going to attack this city . 
 i can understand why people would be concerned , particularly because of last week 's preliminary assault on our walls . 
 that , however , was simply a test-straff fears attacking too much to commit all of his resources . 
 `` during our meeting , straff told me that he had made an alliance with cett . 
 however , i believe this to have been a bluff-if , unfortunately , a bluff with teeth . 
 i suspect that he was , indeed , planning to risk attacking us , despite cett 's presence . 
 that attack has been halted . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 asked one of the worker representatives . 
 `` because you 're his son ? '' 
 `` no , actually , '' elend said . 
 `` straff is not one to let familial relationships hamper his determination . '' 
 elend paused , glancing at vin . 
 he was beginning to realize that she did n't like being the one who held the knife at straff 's throat , but she had given him permission to speak of her in his speech . 
 still ... she said it was all right , he told himself . 
 i 'm not choosing duty over her ! 
 `` come now , elend , '' philen said . 
 `` stop with the theatrics . 
 what did you promise straff to keep his armies out of the city ? '' 
 `` i threatened him , '' elend said . 
 `` my fellow assemblymen , when facing down my father in parlay , i realized that we-as a group-have generally ignored one of our greatest resources . 
 we think of ourselves as an honorable body , created by the mandate of the people . 
 however , we are not here because of anything we ourselves did . 
 there is only one reason we have the positions we do-and that reason is the survivor of hathsin . '' 
 elend looked the members of the assembly in the eyes as he continued . 
 `` i have , at times , felt as i suspect that many of you do . 
 the survivor is a legend already , one we can not hope to emulate . 
 he has power over this people-a power stronger than our own , even though he is dead . 
 we 're jealous . 
 insecure , even . 
 these are natural , human feelings . 
 leaders feel them just as acutely as other people-perhaps even more so . 
 `` gentlemen , we can not afford to continue thinking like this . 
 the survivor 's legacy does n't belong to one group , or even to this city alone . 
 he is our progenitor-the father of everyone who is free in this land . 
 whether or not you accept his religious authority , you must admit that without his bravery and sacrifice , we would not now enjoy our current freedom . '' 
 `` what does this have to do with straff ? '' 
 philen snapped . 
 `` everything , '' elend said . 
 `` for , though the survivor is gone , his legacy remains . 
 specifically , in the form of his apprentice . '' 
 elend nodded toward vin . 
 `` she is the most powerful mistborn alive-something straff now knows for himself . 
 gentlemen , i know my father 's temperament . 
 he will not attack this city while he fears retribution from a source he can not stop . 
 he now realizes that if he attacks , he will incur the wrath of the survivor 's heir-a wrath not even the lord ruler himself could withstand . '' 
 elend fell silent , listening to the whispered conversations move through the crowd . 
 news of what he 'd just said would reach the populace , and bring them strength . 
 perhaps , even , news would reach straff 's army through the spies elend knew must be in the audience . 
 he 'd noticed his father 's allomancer sitting in the crowd , the one named zane . 
 and when news reached straff 's army , the men there might think twice about obeying any orders to attack . 
 who would want to face the very force that had destroyed the lord ruler ? 
 it was a weak hope-the men of straff 's army probably did n't believe all of the stories out of luthadel-but every little bit of weakened morale would help . 
 it also would n't hurt for elend to associate himself a little more strongly with the survivor . 
 he was just going to have to get over his insecurity ; kelsier had been a great man , but he was gone . 
 elend would just have to do his best to see that the survivor 's legacy lived on . 
 for that was what would be best for his people . 
 vin sat with a twisted stomach , listening to elend 's speech . 
 `` you okay with this ? '' 
 ham whispered , leaning over to her as elend gave a more detailed account of his visit with straff . 
 vin shrugged . 
 `` whatever helps the kingdom . '' 
 `` you were never comfortable with the way that kell set himself up with the skaa-none of us were . '' 
 `` it 's what elend needs , '' vin said . 
 tindwyl , who sat just before them , turned and gave her a flat look . 
 vin expected some recrimination for whispering during the assembly proceedings , but apparently the terriswoman had a different kind of castigation in mind . 
 `` the king - '' she still referred to elend that way . '' 
 - needs this link with the survivor . 
 elend has very little of his own authority to rely upon , and kelsier is currently the most well loved , most celebrated man in the central dominance . 
 by implying that the government was founded by the survivor , the king will make the people think twice about meddling with it . '' 
 ham nodded thoughtfully . 
 vin glanced downward , however . 
 what 's the problem ? 
 just earlier , i was beginning to wonder if i were the hero of ages , and now i 'm worried about the notoriety elend is giving me ? 
 she sat uncomfortably , burning bronze , feeling the pulsing from far away . 
 it was growing even louder ... stop it ! 
 she told herself . 
 sazed does n't think the hero would return , and he knows the histories better than anyone . 
 it was foolish , anyway . 
 i need to focus on what 's happening here . 
 after all , zane was in the audience . 
 vin sought out his face near the back of the room , a light burn of tin-not enough to blind her-letting her study his features . 
 he was n't looking at her , but watching the assembly . 
 was he working at straff 's command , or was this visit his own ? 
 straff and cett both undoubtedly had spies in the audience-and , of course , ham had guards mixed with the people as well . 
 zane unnerved her , however . 
 why did n't he turn toward her ? 
 was n't - zane met her eyes . 
 he smiled slightly , then turned back to his study of elend . 
 vin felt a shiver despite herself . 
 so , did this mean he was n't avoiding her ? 
 focus ! 
 she told herself . 
 you need to pay attention to what elend is saying . 
 he was almost done , however . 
 he wrapped up his speech with a few comments on how he thought they could keep straff off-balance . 
 again , he could n't be too detailed-not without giving away secrets . 
 he glanced at the large clock in the corner ; done three minutes early , he moved to leave the lectern . 
 lord penrod cleared his throat . 
 `` elend , are n't you forgetting something ? '' 
 elend hesitated , then looked back at the assembly . 
 `` what is it that you all want me to say ? '' 
 `` do n't you have a reaction ? '' 
 one of the skaa workers said . 
 `` about ... what happened at the last meeting ? '' 
 `` you received my missive , '' elend said . 
 `` you know how i feel about the matter . 
 however , this public forum is not a place for accusations or denunciations . 
 the assembly is too noble a body for that kind of thing . 
 i wish that a time of danger were not when the assembly had chosen to voice its concerns , but we can not alter what has happened . '' 
 he moved to sit again . 
 `` that 's it ? '' 
 asked one of the skaa . 
 `` you 're not even going to argue for yourself , try and persuade us to reinstate you ? '' 
 elend paused again . 
 `` no , '' he said . 
 `` no , i do n't think that i will . 
 you have made your opinions known to me , and i am disappointed . 
 however , you are the representatives chosen by the people . 
 i believe in the power that you have been given . 
 `` if you have questions , or challenges , i will be happy to defend myself . 
 however , i am not going to stand and preach my virtues . 
 you all know me . 
 you know what i can do , and what i intend to do , for this city and the surrounding populace . 
 let that stand as my argument . '' 
 he returned to his seat . 
 vin could see hints of a frown on tindwyl 's face . 
 elend had n't given the speech that she and he had prepared , a speech giving the very arguments the assembly was obviously expecting . 
 why the change ? 
 vin wondered . 
 tindwyl obviously did n't think it was a good idea . 
 and yet , oddly , vin found herself trusting elend 's instincts more than she did tindwyl 's . 
 `` well , '' lord penrod said , approaching the lectern again . 
 `` thank you for that report , lord venture . 
 i 'm not certain if we have other items of business ... '' `` lord penrod ? '' 
 elend asked . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 `` perhaps you should hold the nominations ? '' 
 lord penrod frowned . 
 `` the nominations for king , penrod , '' philen snapped . 
 vin paused , eyeing the merchant . 
 he certainly seems up on things , she noted . 
 `` yes , '' elend said , eyeing philen as well . 
 `` in order for the assembly to choose a new king , nominations must be held at least three days before the actual voting . 
 i suggest we hold the nominations now , so that we can hold the vote as soon as possible . 
 the city suffers each day it is without a leader . '' 
 elend paused , then smiled . 
 `` unless , of course , you intend to let the month lapse without choosing a new king ... '' good to confirm that he still wants the crown , vin thought . 
 `` thank you , lord venture , '' penrod said . 
 `` we 'll do that now , then ... and , how exactly do we proceed ? '' 
 `` each member of the assembly may make one nomination , if he wishes , '' elend said . 
 `` so that we do n't become overburdened with options , i would recommend that we all exercise restraint-only choose someone that you honestly and sincerely think would make the finest king . 
 if you have a nomination to make , you may stand and announce it to the rest of the group . '' 
 penrod nodded , returning to his seat . 
 almost as soon as he sat , however , one of the skaa stood . 
 `` i nominate lord penrod . '' 
 elend had to expect that , vin thought . 
 after nominating penrod to be chancellor . 
 why give such authority to the man that he knew would be his greatest contender for the throne ? 
 the answer was simple . 
 because elend knew that lord penrod was the best choice for chancellor . 
 sometimes , he 's a little too honorable , vin thought , not for the first time . 
 she turned to study the skaa assemblyman who had nominated penrod . 
 why were the skaa so quick to unify behind a nobleman ? 
 she suspected that it was still too soon . 
 the skaa were accustomed to being led by noblemen , and even with their freedom , they were traditional beings-more traditional , even , than the noblemen . 
 a lord like penrod-calm , commanding-seemed inherently better suited to the title of king than a skaa . 
 they 'll have to get over that , eventually , vin thought . 
 at least , they will if they 're ever going to be the people that elend wants them to be . 
 the room remained quiet , no other nominations being made . 
 a few people coughed in the audience , even the whispers now dead . 
 finally , lord penrod himself stood . 
 `` i nominate elend venture , '' he said . 
 `` ah ... '' someone whispered behind her . 
 vin turned , glancing at breeze . 
 `` what ? '' 
 she whispered . 
 `` brilliant , '' breeze said . 
 `` do n't you see ? 
 penrod is an honorable man . 
 or , at least , as honorable as noblemen get-which means that he insists on being seen as honorable . 
 elend nominated penrod for chancellor ... '' hoping , in turn , that penrod would feel obligated to nominate elend for king , vin realized . 
 she glanced at elend , noting a slight smile on his lips . 
 had he really crafted the exchange ? 
 it seemed a move subtle enough for breeze himself . 
 breeze shook his head appreciatively . 
 `` not only did elend not have to nominate himself-which would have made him look desperate-but now everyone on the assembly thinks that the man they respect , the man they would probably choose as king , would rather have elend hold the title . 
 brilliant . '' 
 penrod sat , and the room remained quiet . 
 vin suspected that he also had made the nomination so that he would n't go uncontested to the throne . 
 the entire assembly probably thought that elend deserved a chance to reclaim his place ; penrod was just the one who was honorable enough to voice the feeling . 
 but , what about the merchants ? 
 vin thought . 
 they 've got to have their own plan . 
 elend thought that it was probably philen who had organized the vote against him . 
 they 'd want to put one of their own on the throne , one who could open the city gates to whichever of the kings was manipulating them-or whichever one paid the best . 
 she studied the group of eight men , in their suits that seemed-somehow-even more fine than those of the noblemen . 
 they all seemed to be waiting on the whims of a single man . 
 what was philen planning ? 
 one of the merchants moved as if to stand , but philen shot him a harsh glance . 
 the merchant did not rise . 
 philen sat quietly , a nobleman 's dueling cane across his lap . 
 finally , when most of the room had noticed the merchant 's focus on him , he slowly rose to his feet . 
 `` i have a nomination of my own , '' he said . 
 there was a snort from the skaa section . 
 `` now who 's being melodramatic , philen ? '' 
 one of the assemblymen there said . 
 `` just go ahead and do it-nominate yourself . '' 
 philen raised an eyebrow . 
 `` actually , i 'm not going to nominate myself . '' 
 vin frowned , and she saw confusion in elend 's eyes . 
 `` though i appreciate the sentiment , '' philen continued , `` i am but a simple merchant . 
 no , i think that the title of king should go to someone whose skills are a little more specialized . 
 tell me , lord venture , must our nominations be for people on the assembly ? '' 
 `` no , '' elend said . 
 `` the king does n't have to be an assemblyman-i accepted this position after the fact . 
 the king 's primary duty is that of creating , then enforcing , the law . 
 the assembly is only an advisory council with some measure of counterbalancing power . 
 the king himself can be anyone-actually , the title was intended to be hereditary . 
 i did n't expect ... certain clauses to be invoked quite so quickly . '' 
 `` ah , yes , '' philen said . 
 `` well , then . 
 i think the title should go to someone who has a little practice with it . 
 someone who has shown skill with leadership . 
 therefore , i nominate lord ashweather cett to be our king ! '' 
 what ? 
 vin thought with shock as philen turned , gesturing toward the audience . 
 a man sitting there removed his skaa cloak , pulling down the hood , revealing a suit and a face with a bristling beard . 
 `` oh dear ... '' breeze said . 
 `` it 's actually him ? '' 
 vin asked incredulously as the whispers began in the audience . 
 breeze nodded . 
 `` oh , that 's him . 
 lord cett himself . '' 
 he paused , then eyed her . 
 `` i think we might be in trouble . '' 
 i had never received much attention from my brethren ; they thought that my work and my interests were unsuitable to a worldbringer . 
 the could n't see how my work , studying nature instead of religion , benefited the people of the fourteen lands . 
 32 vin sat quietly , tensely , scanning the crowd . 
 cett would n't have come alone , she thought . 
 and then she saw them , now that she knew what she was looking for . 
 soldiers in the crowd , dressed like skaa , forming a small protective buffer around cett 's seat . 
 the king did not rise , though a young man at his side did . 
 maybe thirty guards , vin thought . 
 he may not be foolish enough to come alone ... but entering the very city you 're besieging ? 
 it was a bold move-one that bordered on stupidity . 
 of course , many had said the same about elend 's visit to straff 's army . 
 but cett was n't in the same position as elend . 
 he was n't desperate , was n't in danger of losing everything . 
 except ... he had a smaller army than straff , and the koloss were coming . 
 and if straff did secure the supposed atium supply , cett 's days as leader in the west would certainly be numbered . 
 coming into luthadel might not have been an act of desperation , but it also was n't the act of a man who held the upper hand . 
 cett was gambling . 
 and he seemed to be enjoying it . 
 cett smiled as the room waited in silence , assemblymen and audience alike too shocked to speak . 
 finally , cett waved to a few of his disguised soldiers , and the men picked up cett 's chair and carried it to the stage . 
 assemblymen whispered and commented , turning to aides or companions , seeking confirmation of cett 's identity . 
 most of the noblemen sat quietly-which should have been enough of a confirmation , in vin 's mind . 
 `` he 's not what i expected , '' vin whispered to breeze as the soldiers climbed up on the dais . 
 `` nobody told you he was crippled ? '' 
 breeze asked . 
 `` not just that , '' vin said . 
 `` he 's not wearing a suit . '' 
 he had on a pair of trousers and a shirt , but instead of a nobleman 's suit coat , he was wearing a worn black jacket . 
 `` plus , that beard . 
 he could n't have grown a beast like that in one year-he must have had it before the collapse . '' 
 `` you only knew noblemen in luthadel , vin , '' ham said . 
 `` the final empire was a big place , with a lot of different societies . 
 not everybody dresses like they do here . '' 
 breeze nodded . 
 `` cett was the most powerful nobleman in his area , so he need n't worry about tradition and propriety . 
 he did what he wished , and the local nobility pandered . 
 there were a hundred different courts with a hundred different little ` lord rulers ' in the empire , each region having its own political dynamic . '' 
 vin turned back to the stage front . 
 cett sat in his chair , having yet to speak . 
 finally , lord penrod stood . 
 `` this is most unexpected , lord cett . '' 
 `` good ! '' 
 cett said . 
 `` that was , after all , the point ! '' 
 `` do you wish to address the assembly ? '' 
 `` i thought i already was . '' 
 penrod cleared his throat , and vin 's tin-enhanced ears heard a disparaging mutter from the noblemen 's section regarding `` western noblemen . '' 
 `` you have ten minutes , lord cett , '' penrod said , sitting . 
 `` good , '' cett said . 
 `` because-unlike the boy over there-i intend to tell you exactly why you should make me king . '' 
 `` and that is ? '' 
 one of the merchant assemblymen asked . 
 `` because i 've got an army on your damn doorstep ! '' 
 cett said with a laugh . 
 the assembly looked taken aback . 
 `` a threat , cett ? '' 
 elend asked calmly . 
 `` no , venture , '' cett replied . 
 `` just honesty-something you central noblemen seem to avoid at all cost . 
 a threat is only a promise turned around . 
 what was it you told these people ? 
 that your mistress had her knife at straff 's throat ? 
 so , were you implying that if you were n't elected , you 'd have your mistborn withdraw , and let the city be destroyed ? '' 
 elend flushed . 
 `` of course not . '' 
 `` of course not , '' cett repeated . 
 he had a loud voice-unapologetic , forceful . 
 `` well , i do n't pretend , and i do n't hide . 
 my army is here , and my intention is to take this city . 
 however , i 'd much rather that you just give it to me . '' 
 `` you , sir , are a tyrant , '' penrod said flatly . 
 `` so ? '' 
 cett asked . 
 `` i 'm a tyrant with forty thousand soldiers . 
 that 's twice what you 've got guarding these walls . '' 
 `` what 's to stop us from simply taking you hostage ? '' 
 asked one of the other noblemen . 
 `` you seem to have delivered yourself to us quite neatly . '' 
 cett bellowed a laugh . 
 `` if i do n't return to my camp this evening , my army has orders to attack and raze the city immediately-no matter what ! 
 they 'll probably get destroyed by venture afterward-but it wo n't matter to me , or to you , at that point ! 
 we 'll all be dead . '' 
 the room fell silent . 
 `` see , venture ? '' 
 cett asked . 
 `` threats work wonderfully . '' 
 `` you honestly expect us to make you our king ? '' 
 elend asked . 
 `` actually , i do , '' cett said . 
 `` look , with your twenty thousand added to my forty , we could easily hold these walls against straff-we could even stop that army of koloss . '' 
 whispers began immediately , and cett raised a bushy eyebrow , turning to elend . 
 `` you did n't tell them about the koloss , did you ? '' 
 elend did n't respond . 
 `` well , they 'll know soon enough , '' cett said . 
 `` regardless , i do n't see that you have any other option but to elect me . '' 
 `` you 're not an honorable man , '' elend said simply . 
 `` the people expect more from their leaders . '' 
 `` i 'm not an honorable man ? '' 
 cett asked with amusement . 
 `` and you are ? 
 let me ask you a direct question , venture . 
 during the proceedings of this meeting , have any of your allomancers over there been soothing members of the assembly ? '' 
 elend paused . 
 his eyes glanced to the side , finding breeze . 
 vin closed her eyes . 
 no , elend , do n't - `` yes , they have , '' elend admitted . 
 vin heard tindwyl groan quietly . 
 `` and , '' cett continued , `` can you honestly say that you 've never doubted yourself ? 
 never wondered if you were a good king ? '' 
 `` i think every leader wonders these things , '' elend said . 
 `` well , i have n't , '' cett said . 
 `` i 've always known i was meant to be in charge-and i 've always done the best job of making certain that i stayed in power . 
 i know how to make myself strong , and that means i know how to make those who associate with me strong as well . 
 `` here 's the deal . 
 you give me the crown , and i 'll take charge here . 
 you all get to keep your titles-and those of the assembly who do n't have titles will get them . 
 in addition , you 'll get to keep your heads-which is a far better deal than straff would offer , i assure you . 
 `` the people get to keep working , and i 'll make certain that they 're fed this winter . 
 everything goes back to normal , the way it was before this insanity began a year back . 
 the skaa work , the nobility administrates . '' 
 `` you think they 'd go back to that ? '' 
 elend asked . 
 `` after all we fought for , you think i will simply let you force the people back into slavery ? '' 
 cett smiled beneath his large beard . 
 `` i was n't under the impression that the decision was yours , elend venture . '' 
 elend fell silent . 
 `` i want to meet with each of you , '' cett said to the assemblymen . 
 `` if you 'll allow , i wish to move into luthadel with some of my men . 
 say , a force of five thousand-enough to make me feel safe , but not to be of any real danger to you . 
 i 'll take up residence in one of the abandoned keeps , and wait until your decision next week . 
 during that time , i 'll meet with each of you in turn and explain the ... benefits that would come from choosing me as your king . '' 
 `` bribes , '' elend spat . 
 `` of course , '' cett said . 
 `` bribes for all of the people of this city-the foremost bribe being that of peace ! 
 you 're so fond of name-calling , venture . 
 ` slaves , ' ` threats , ' ` honorable . ' 
 ` bribe ' is just a word . 
 looked at another way , a bribe is just a promise , turned on its head . '' 
 cett smiled . 
 the group of assemblymen was silent . 
 `` shall we vote , then , on whether to let him enter the city ? '' 
 penrod asked . 
 `` five thousand is way too many , '' one of the skaa assemblymen said . 
 `` agreed , '' elend said . 
 `` there 's no way we can let that many foreign troops into luthadel . '' 
 `` i do n't like it at all , '' another said . 
 `` what ? '' 
 said philen . 
 `` a monarch inside our city will be less dangerous than one outside , would n't you say ? 
 and besides , cett has promised us all titles . '' 
 this gave the group something to think about . 
 `` why not just give me the crown now ? '' 
 cett said . 
 `` open your gates to my army . '' 
 `` you ca n't , '' elend said immediately . 
 `` not until there is a king-or unless you can get a unanimous vote right now . '' 
 vin smiled . 
 unanimous would n't happen in that case as long as elend was on the assembly . 
 `` bah , '' cett said , but he obviously was smooth enough not to insult the legislative body further . 
 `` let me take up residence in the city , then . '' 
 penrod nodded . 
 `` all in favor of allowing lord cett to take up residence inside with ... say ... a thousand troops ? '' 
 a full nineteen of the assemblymen raised their hands . 
 elend was not one of them . 
 `` it is done , then , '' penrod said . 
 `` we adjourn for two weeks . '' 
 this ca n't be happening , elend thought . 
 i thought maybe penrod would provide a challenge , philen a lesser one . 
 but ... one of the very tyrants who is threatening the city ? 
 how could they ? 
 how could they even consider his suggestion ? 
 elend stood , catching penrod 's arm as he turned to walk off the dais . 
 `` ferson , '' elend said quietly , `` this is insanity . '' 
 `` we have to consider the option , elend . '' 
 `` consider selling out the people of this city to a tyrant ? '' 
 penrod 's face grew cold , and he shook elend 's arm free . 
 `` listen , lad , '' he said quietly . 
 `` you are a good man , but you 've always been an idealist . 
 you 've spent time in books and philosophy-i 've spent my life fighting politics with the members of the court . 
 you know theories ; i know people . '' 
 he turned , nodding to the audience . 
 `` look at them , lad . 
 they 're terrified . 
 what good do your dreams do them when they 're starving ? 
 you talk of freedom and justice when two armies are preparing to slaughter their families . '' 
 penrod turned back to elend , staring him in the eyes . 
 `` the lord ruler 's system was n't perfect , but it kept these people safe . 
 we do n't even have that anymore . 
 your ideals ca n't face down armies . 
 cett might be a tyrant , but given the choice between him and straff , i 'd have to choose cett . 
 we 'd probably have given him the city weeks ago , if you had n't stopped us . '' 
 penrod nodded to elend , then turned and joined a few of the noblemen who were leaving . 
 elend stood quietly for a moment . 
 we have seen a curious phenomenon associated with rebel groups that break off of the final empire and attempt to seek autonomy , he thought , recalling a passage from ytves 's book studies in revolution . 
 in almost all cases , the lord ruler did n't need to send his armies to reconquer the rebels . 
 by the time his agents arrived , the groups had overthrown themselves . 
 it seems that the rebels found the chaos of transition more difficult to accept than the tyranny they had known before . 
 they joyfully welcomed back authority-even oppressive authority-for it was less painful for them than uncertainty . 
 vin and the others joined him on the stage , and he put his arm around her shoulders , standing quietly as he watched people trail from the building . 
 cett sat surrounded by a small group of assemblymen , arranging meetings with them . 
 `` well , '' vin said quietly . 
 `` we know he 's mistborn . '' 
 elend turned toward her . 
 `` you sensed allomancy from him ? '' 
 vin shook her head . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` then , how do you know ? '' 
 elend asked . 
 `` well , look at him , '' vin said with a wave of her hand . 
 `` he acts like he ca n't walk-that has to be covering up something . 
 what would be more innocent than a cripple ? 
 can you think of a better way to hide the fact that you 're a mistborn ? '' 
 `` vin , my dear , '' breeze said , `` cett has been crippled since childhood , when a disease rendered his legs useless . 
 he 's not mistborn . '' 
 vin raised an eyebrow . 
 `` that has to be one of the best cover stories i 've ever heard . '' 
 breeze rolled his eyes , but elend just smiled . 
 `` what now , elend ? '' 
 ham asked . 
 `` we obviously ca n't deal with things the same way now that cett has entered the city . '' 
 elend nodded . 
 `` we have to plan . 
 let 's ... '' he trailed off as a young man left cett 's group , walking toward elend . 
 it was the same man who had been sitting next to cett . 
 `` cett 's son , '' breeze whispered . 
 `` gneorndin . '' 
 `` lord venture , '' gneorndin said , bowing slightly . 
 he was , perhaps , about spook 's age . 
 `` my father wishes to know when you would like to meet with him . '' 
 elend raised an eyebrow . 
 `` i have no intention of joining the line of assemblymen waiting upon cett 's bribes , lad . 
 tell your father that he and i have nothing to discuss . '' 
 `` you do n't ? '' 
 gneorndin asked . 
 `` and what about my sister ? 
 the one you kidnapped ? '' 
 elend frowned . 
 `` you know that is n't true . '' 
 `` my father would still like to discuss the event , '' gneorndin said , shooting a hostile glance at breeze . 
 `` besides , he thinks that a conversation between you two might be in the city 's best interests . 
 you met with straff in his camp-don ' t tell me that you are n't willing to do the same for cett inside your own city ? '' 
 elend paused . 
 forget your biases , he told himself . 
 you need to talk to this man , if only for the information the meeting might provide . 
 `` all right , '' elend said . 
 `` i 'll meet with him . '' 
 `` dinner , in one week ? '' 
 gneorndin asked . 
 elend nodded curtly . 
 as the one who found alendi , however , i became someone important . 
 foremost among the worldbringers . 
 33 vin lay on her stomach , arms folded , head resting on them as she studied a sheet of paper on the floor in front of her . 
 considering the last few days of chaos , it was surprising to her that she found returning to her studies to be a relief . 
 a small one , however , for her studies held their own problems . 
 the deepness has returned , she thought . 
 even if the mists only kill infrequently , they 've begun to turn hostile again . 
 that means the hero of ages needs to come again too , does n't it ? 
 did she honestly think that might be her ? 
 it sounded ridiculous , when she considered it . 
 yet , she heard the thumping in her head , saw the spirit in the mists ... and what of that night , over a year gone , when she 'd confronted the lord ruler ? 
 that night when somehow , she 'd drawn the mists into herself , burning them as if they were metal ? 
 that 's not enough , she told herself . 
 one freak event-one i 've never been able to replicate-doesn ' t mean i 'm some mythological savior . 
 she did n't even really know most of the prophecies about the hero . 
 the logbook mentioned that he was supposed to come from humble origins-but that pretty much described every skaa in the final empire . 
 he was supposed to have hidden royal bloodlines , but that made every half-breed in the city a candidate . 
 in fact , she 'd be willing to bet that most skaa had one or another hidden nobleman progenitor . 
 she sighed , shaking her head . 
 `` mistress ? '' 
 oreseur asked , turning . 
 he stood on a chair , his forepaws up against the window as he looked out at the city . 
 `` prophecies , legends , foretellings , '' vin said , slapping her hand down on her sheet of notes . 
 `` what 's the point ? 
 why did the terris even believe in these things ? 
 should n't a religion teach something practical ? '' 
 oreseur settled down on his haunches upon the chair . 
 `` what would be more practical than gaining knowledge of the future ? '' 
 `` if these actually said something useful , i 'd agree . 
 but even the logbook acknowledges that the terris prophecies could be understood many different ways . 
 what good are promises that could be interpreted so liberally ? '' 
 `` do not dismiss someone 's beliefs because you do not understand them , mistress . '' 
 vin snorted . 
 `` you sound like sazed . 
 a part of me is tempted to think that all these prophecies and legends were devised by priests who wanted to make a living . '' 
 `` only a part of you ? '' 
 oreseur asked , sounding amused . 
 vin paused , then nodded . 
 `` the part that grew up on the streets , the part that always expects a scam . '' 
 that part did n't want to acknowledge the other things she felt . 
 the thumpings were getting stronger and stronger . 
 `` prophecies do not have to be a scam , mistress , '' oreseur said . 
 `` or even , really , a promise for the future . 
 they can simply be an expression of hope . '' 
 `` what do you know of such things ? '' 
 vin said dismissively , setting aside her sheet . 
 there was a moment of silence . 
 `` nothing , of course , mistress , '' oreseur eventually said . 
 vin turned toward the dog . 
 `` i 'm sorry , oreseur . 
 i did n't mean ... well , i 've just been feeling distracted lately . '' 
 thump . 
 thump . 
 thump ... `` you need not apologize to me , mistress , '' oreseur said . 
 `` i am only kandra . '' 
 `` still a person , '' vin said . 
 `` if one with dog breath . '' 
 oreseur smiled . 
 `` you chose these bones for me , mistress . 
 you must deal with the consequences . '' 
 `` the bones might have something to do with it , '' vin said , rising . 
 `` but i do n't think that carrion you eat is helping . 
 honestly , we have to get you some mint leaves to chew . '' 
 oreseur raised a canine eyebrow . 
 `` and you do n't think a dog with sweet breath would attract attention ? '' 
 `` only from anyone you happen to kiss in the near future , '' vin said , returning her stacks of paper to her desk . 
 oreseur chuckled softly in his canine way , turning back to study the city . 
 `` is the procession finished yet ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 `` yes , mistress , '' oreseur said . 
 `` it is difficult to see , even from a height . 
 but , it does look like lord cett has finished moving in . 
 he certainly did bring a lot of carts . '' 
 `` he 's allrianne 's father , '' vin said . 
 `` despite how much that girl complains about accommodations in the army , i 'd bet that cett likes to travel in comfort . '' 
 oreseur nodded . 
 vin turned , leaning against the desk , watching him and thinking of what he 'd said earlier . 
 expression of hope ... `` the kandra have a religion , do n't they ? '' 
 vin guessed . 
 oreseur turned sharply . 
 that was enough of a confirmation . 
 `` do the keepers know of it ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 oreseur stood on his hind legs , paws against the windowsill . 
 `` i should not have spoken . '' 
 `` you need n't be afraid , '' vin said . 
 `` i wo n't give away your secret . 
 but , i do n't see why it has to be secret anymore . '' 
 `` it is a kandra thing , mistress , '' oreseur said . 
 `` it would n't be of any interest to anyone else . '' 
 `` of course it would , '' vin said . 
 `` do n't you see , oreseur ? 
 the keepers believe that the last independent religion was destroyed by the lord ruler centuries ago . 
 if the kandra managed to keep one , that suggests that the lord ruler 's theological control of the final empire was n't absolute . 
 that has to mean something . '' 
 oreseur paused , cocking his head , as if he had n't considered such things . 
 his theological control was n't absolute ? 
 vin thought , a bit surprised at the words . 
 lord ruler-i 'm starting to sound like sazed and elend . 
 i 've been studying too much lately . 
 `` regardless , mistress , '' oreseur said . 
 `` i 'd rather you did n't mention this to your keeper friends . 
 they would probably begin asking discomforting questions . '' 
 `` they 're like that , '' vin said with a nod . 
 `` what is it your people have prophecies about , anyway ? '' 
 `` i do n't think you want to know , mistress . '' 
 vin smiled . 
 `` they talk about overthrowing us , do n't they ? '' 
 oreseur sat down , and she could almost see a flush on his canine face . 
 `` my ... people have dealt with the contract for a great long time , mistress . 
 i know it is difficult for you to understand why we would live under this burden , but we find it necessary . 
 yet , we do dream of a day when it may not be . '' 
 `` when all the humans are subject to you ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 oreseur looked away . 
 `` when they 're all dead , actually . '' 
 `` wow . '' 
 `` the prophecies are not literal , mistress , '' oreseur said . 
 `` they 're metaphors-expressions of hope . 
 or , at least , that is how i have always seen them . 
 perhaps your terris prophecies are the same ? 
 expressions of a belief that if the people were in danger , their gods would send a hero to protect them ? 
 in this case , the vagueness would be intentional-and rational . 
 the prophecies were never meant to mean someone specific , but more to speak of a general feeling . 
 a general hope . '' 
 if the prophecies were n't specific , why could only she sense the drumming beats ? 
 stop it , she told herself . 
 you 're jumping to conclusions . 
 `` all the humans dead , '' she said . 
 `` how do we die off ? 
 the kandra kill us ? '' 
 `` of course not , '' oreseur said . 
 `` we honor our contract , even in religion . 
 the stories say that you 'll kill yourselves off . 
 you 're of ruin , after all , while the kandra are of preservation . 
 you 're ... actually supposed to destroy the world , i believe . 
 using the koloss as your pawns . '' 
 `` you actually sound sorry for them , '' vin noted with amusement . 
 `` the kandra actually tend to think well of the koloss , mistress , '' oreseur said . 
 `` there is a bond between us ; we both understand what it is to be slaves , we both are outsiders to the culture of the final empire , we both - '' he paused . 
 `` what ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 `` might i speak no further ? '' 
 oreseur asked . 
 `` i have said too much already . 
 you put me off balance , mistress . '' 
 vin shrugged . 
 `` we all need secrets . '' 
 she glanced toward the door . 
 `` though there 's one i still need to figure out . '' 
 oreseur hopped down from his chair , joining her as she strode out the door . 
 there was still a spy somewhere in the palace . 
 she 'd been forced to ignore that fact for far too long . 
 elend looked deeply into the well . 
 the dark pit-widemouthed to accommodate the comings and goings of numerous skaa-seemed a large mouth opening up , stone lips spread and preparing to swallow him down . 
 elend glanced to the side , where ham stood speaking with a group of healers . 
 `` we first noticed when so many people came to us complaining of diarrhea and abdominal pains , '' the healer said . 
 `` the symptoms were unusually strong , my lord . 
 we 've ... already lost several to the malady . '' 
 ham glanced at elend , frowning . 
 `` everyone who grew sick lived in this area , '' the healer continued . 
 `` and drew their water from this well or another in the next square . '' 
 `` have you brought this to the attention of lord penrod and the assembly ? '' 
 elend asked . 
 `` um , no , my lord . 
 we figured that you ... '' i 'm not king anymore , elend thought . 
 however , he could n't say the words . 
 not to this man , looking for help . 
 `` i 'll take care of it , '' elend said , sighing . 
 `` you may return to your patients . '' 
 `` they are filling our clinic , my lord , '' he said . 
 `` then appropriate one of the empty noble mansions , '' elend said . 
 `` there are plenty of those . 
 ham , send him with some of my guard to help move the sick and prepare the building . '' 
 ham nodded , waving over a soldier , telling him to gather twenty on-duty men from the palace to meet with the healer . 
 the healer smiled , looking relieved , and bowed to elend as he left . 
 ham walked up , joining elend beside the well . 
 `` coincidence ? '' 
 `` hardly , '' elend said , gripping the edge if the well with frustrated fingers . 
 `` the question is , which one poisoned it ? '' 
 `` cett just came into the city , '' ham said , rubbing his chin . 
 `` would have been easy to send out some soldiers to covertly drop in the poison . '' 
 `` seems more like something my father would do , '' elend said . 
 `` something to increase our tension , to get back at us for playing him for a fool in his camp . 
 plus , he 's got that mistborn who could have easily placed the poison . '' 
 of course , cett had had this same thing happen to him-breeze poisoning his water supply back before he reached the city . 
 elend ground his teeth . 
 there was really no way to know which one was behind the attack . 
 either way , the poisoned wells meant trouble . 
 there were others in the city , of course , but they were just as vulnerable . 
 the people might have to start relying on the river for their water , and it was far less healthy , its waters muddy and polluted by waste from both the army camps and the city itself . 
 `` set guards around these wells , '' elend said , waving a hand . 
 `` board them up , post warnings , and then tell the healers to watch with particular care for other outbreaks . '' 
 we just keep getting wound tighter and tighter , he thought as ham nodded . 
 at this rate , we 'll snap long before winter ends . 
 after a detour for a late dinner-where some talk about servants getting sick left her concerned-vin went in and checked on elend , who had just returned from walking the city with ham . 
 after that , vin and oreseur continued their original quest : that of finding dockson . 
 they located him in the palace library . 
 the room had once been straff 's personal study ; elend seemed to find the room 's new purpose amusing for some reason . 
 personally , vin did n't find the library 's location nearly as amusing as its contents . 
 or , rather , lack thereof . 
 though the room was lined with shelves , nearly all of them showed signs of having been pillaged by elend . 
 the rows of books lay pocked by forlorn empty spots , their companions taken away one by one , as if elend were a predator , slowly whittling down a herd . 
 vin smiled . 
 it probably would n't be too long before elend had stolen every book in the small library , carrying the tomes up to his study , then forgetfully placing them in one of his piles-ostensibly for return . 
 still , there were a large number of volumes left-ledgers , books of figures , and notebooks on finances ; things that elend usually found of little interest . 
 dockson sat at the library 's desk now , writing in a ledger . 
 he noticed her arrival , and glanced over with a smile , but then turned back to his notations-apparently not wanting to lose his place . 
 vin waited for him to finish , oreseur at her side . 
 of all the members of the crew , dockson seemed to have changed the most during the last year . 
 she remembered her first impressions of him , back in camon 's lair . 
 dockson had been kelsier 's right-hand man , and the more `` realistic '' of the pair . 
 and yet , there had always been an edge of humor to dockson-a sense that he enjoyed his role as the straight man . 
 he had n't foiled kelsier so much as complemented him . 
 kelsier was dead . 
 where did that leave dockson ? 
 he wore a nobleman 's suit , as he always had-and of all the crewmembers , the suits seemed to fit him the best . 
 if he shaved off the half beard , he could pass for a nobleman-not a rich high courtier , but a lord in early middle age who had lived his entire life trading goods beneath a great house master . 
 he wrote in his ledgers , but he had always done that . 
 he still played the role of the responsible one in the crew . 
 so , what was different ? 
 he was the same person , did the same things . 
 he just felt different . 
 the laughter was gone ; the quiet enjoyment of the eccentricity in those around him . 
 without kelsier , dockson had somehow changed from temperate to ... boring . 
 and that was what made her suspicious . 
 this has to be done , she thought , smiling at dockson as he set down his pen and waved her to take a seat . 
 vin sat down , oreseur padding over to stand beside her chair . 
 dockson eyed the dog , shaking his head slightly . 
 `` that 's such a remarkably well-trained beast , vin , '' he said . 
 `` i do n't think i 've ever seen one quite like it ... '' does he know ? 
 vin wondered with alarm . 
 would one kandra be able to recognize another in a dog 's body ? 
 no , that could n't be . 
 otherwise oreseur could find the impostor for her . 
 so , she simply smiled again , patting oreseur 's head . 
 `` there is a trainer in the market . 
 he teaches wolfhounds to be protective-to stay with young children and keep them out of danger . '' 
 dockson nodded . 
 `` so , any purpose to this visit ? '' 
 vin shrugged . 
 `` we never chat anymore , dox . '' 
 dockson sat back in his chair . 
 `` this might not be the best time for chatting . 
 i have to prepare the royal finances to be taken over by someone else , should the vote go against elend . '' 
 would a kandra be able to do the ledgers ? 
 vin wondered . 
 yes . 
 they 'd have known-they 'd have been prepared . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' vin said . 
 `` i do n't mean to bother you , but elend has been so busy lately , and sazed has his project ... '' `` it 's all right , '' dockson said . 
 `` i can spare a few minutes . 
 what 's on your mind ? '' 
 `` well , do you remember that conversation we had , back before the collapse ? '' 
 dockson frowned . 
 `` which one ? '' 
 `` you know ... the one about your childhood . '' 
 `` oh , '' dockson said , nodding . 
 `` yes , what about it ? '' 
 `` well , do you still think the same way ? '' 
 dockson paused thoughtfully , fingers slowly tapping on the desktop . 
 vin waited , trying not to show her tension . 
 the conversation in question had been between the two of them , and during it , dockson had first spoken to her of how much he 'd hated the nobility . 
 `` i suppose i do n't , '' dockson said . 
 `` not anymore . 
 kell always said that you gave the nobility too much credit , vin . 
 but you started to change even him there at the end . 
 no , i do n't think that noble society needs to be completely destroyed . 
 they are n't all monsters as once presumed . '' 
 vin relaxed . 
 he not only knew the conversation , he knew the details of the tangents they 'd discussed . 
 she had been the only one there with him . 
 that had to mean that he was n't the kandra , right ? 
 `` this is about elend , is n't it ? '' 
 dockson asked . 
 vin shrugged . 
 `` i suppose . '' 
 `` i know that you wish he and i could get along better , vin . 
 but , all things considered , i think we 're doing pretty well . 
 he is a decent man ; i can acknowledge that . 
 he has some faults as a leader : he lacks boldness , lacks presence . '' 
 not like kelsier . 
 `` but , '' dockson continued , `` i do n't want to see him lose his throne . 
 he has treated the skaa fairly , for a nobleman . '' 
 `` he 's a good person , dox , '' vin said quietly . 
 dockson looked away . 
 `` i know that . 
 but ... well , every time i talk to him , i see kelsier standing over his shoulder , shaking his head at me . 
 do you know how long kell and i dreamed of toppling the lord ruler ? 
 the other crewmembers , they thought kelsier 's plan was a newfound passion-something that came to him in the pits . 
 but it was older than that , vin . 
 far older . 
 `` we always hated the nobility , kell and i . 
 when we were youths , planning our first jobs , we wanted to be rich-but we also wanted to hurt them . 
 hurt them for taking from us things they had no right to . 
 my love ... kelsier 's mother ... every coin we stole , every nobleman we left dead in an alleyway-this was our way of waging war . 
 our way of punishing them . '' 
 vin sat quietly . 
 it was these kinds of stories , these memories of a haunted past , that had always made her just a little uncomfortable with kelsier-and with the person he had been training her to become . 
 it was this sentiment that gave her pause , even when her instincts whispered that she should go and exact retribution on straff and cett with knives in the night . 
 dockson held some of that same hardness . 
 kell and dox were n't evil men , but there was an edge of vengefulness to them . 
 oppression had changed them in ways that no amount of peace , reformation , or recompense could redeem . 
 dockson shook his head . 
 `` and we put one of them on the throne . 
 i ca n't help but think that kell would be angry with me for letting elend rule , no matter how good a man he is . '' 
 `` kelsier changed at the end , '' vin said quietly . 
 `` you said it yourself , dox . 
 did you know that he saved elend 's life ? '' 
 dockson turned , frowning . 
 `` when ? '' 
 `` on that last day , '' vin said . 
 `` during the fight with the inquisitor . 
 kell protected elend , who came looking for me . '' 
 `` must have thought he was one of the prisoners . '' 
 vin shook her head . 
 `` he knew who elend was , and knew that i loved him . 
 in the end , kelsier was willing to admit that a good man was worth protecting , no matter who his parents were . '' 
 `` i find that hard to accept , vin . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 dockson met her eyes . 
 `` because if i accept that elend bears no guilt for what his people did to mine , then i must admit to being a monster for the things that i did to them . '' 
 vin shivered . 
 in those eyes , she saw the truth behind dockson 's transformation . 
 she saw the death of his laughter . 
 she saw the guilt . 
 the murders . 
 this man is no impostor . 
 `` i can find little joy in this government , vin , '' dockson said quietly . 
 `` because i know what we did to create it . 
 the thing is , i 'd do it all again . 
 i tell myself it 's because i believe in skaa freedom . 
 i still lie awake at nights , however , quietly satisfied for what we 've done to our former rulers . 
 their society undermined , their god dead . 
 now they know . '' 
 vin nodded . 
 dockson looked down , as if ashamed , an emotion she 'd rarely seen in him . 
 there did n't seem to be anything else to say . 
 dockson sat quietly as she withdrew , his pen and ledger forgotten on the desktop . 
 `` it 's not him , '' vin said , walking down an empty palace hallway , trying to shake the haunting sound of dockson 's voice from her mind . 
 `` you are certain , mistress ? '' 
 oreseur asked . 
 vin nodded . 
 `` he knew about a private conversation that dockson and i had before the collapse . '' 
 oreseur was silent for a moment . 
 `` mistress , '' he finally said , `` my brethren can be very thorough . '' 
 `` yes , but how could he have known about such an event ? '' 
 `` we often interview people before we take their bones , mistress , '' oreseur explained . 
 `` we 'll meet them several times , in different settings , and find ways to talk about their lives . 
 we 'll also talk to their friends and acquaintances . 
 did you ever tell anyone about this conversation you had with dockson ? '' 
 vin stopped to lean against the side of the stone hallway . 
 `` maybe elend , '' she admitted . 
 `` i think i mentioned it to sazed too , just after it happened . 
 that was almost two years ago . '' 
 `` that could have been enough , mistress , '' oreseur said . 
 `` we can not learn everything about a person , but we try our best to discover items like this-private conversations , secrets , confidential information-so that we can mention them at appropriate times and reinforce our illusion . '' 
 vin frowned . 
 `` there are ... other things as well , mistress , '' oreseur said . 
 `` i hesitate because i do not wish you to imagine your friends in pain . 
 however , it is common for our master-the one who actually does the killing-to torture their victim for information . '' 
 vin closed her eyes . 
 dockson felt so real ... his guilt , his reactions ... that could n't be faked , could it ? 
 `` damn , '' she whispered quietly , opening her eyes . 
 she turned , sighing as she pushed open the shutters of a hallway window . 
 it was dark out , and the mists curled before her as she leaned against the stone windowsill and looked out at the courtyard two stories below . 
 `` dox is n't an allomancer , '' she said . 
 `` how can i find out for certain if he 's the impostor or not ? '' 
 `` i do not know , mistress , '' oreseur said . 
 `` this is never an easy task . '' 
 vin stood quietly . 
 absently , she pulled out her bronze earring-her mother 's earring-and worked it between her fingers , watching it reflect light . 
 it had once been gilded with silver , but that had worn off in most places . 
 `` i hate this , '' she finally whispered . 
 `` what , mistress ? '' 
 `` this ... distrust , '' she said . 
 `` i hate being suspicious of my friends . 
 i thought i was through mistrusting those around me . 
 i feel like a knife is twisting inside of me , and it cuts deeper every time i confront one of the crew . '' 
 oreseur sat on his haunches beside her , and he cocked his head . 
 `` but , mistress . 
 you 've managed to eliminate several of them as impostors . '' 
 `` yes , '' vin said . 
 `` but that only narrows the field-brings me one step closer to knowing which one of them is dead . '' 
 `` and that knowledge is n't a good thing ? '' 
 vin shook her head . 
 `` i do n't want it to be any of them , oreseur . 
 i do n't want to distrust them , do n't want to find out that we 're right ... '' oreseur did n't respond at first , leaving her to stare out the window , mists slowly streaming to the floor around her . 
 `` you are sincere , '' oreseur finally said . 
 she turned . 
 `` of course i am . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , mistress , '' oreseur said . 
 `` i did not wish to be insulting . 
 i just ... well , i have been kandra to many masters . 
 so many of them are suspicious and hateful of everyone around them , i had begun to think that your kind lacked the capacity for trust . '' 
 `` that 's silly , '' vin said , turning back to the window . 
 `` i know it is , '' oreseur said . 
 `` but people often believe silly things , if given enough proof . 
 either way , i apologize . 
 i do not know which of your friends is dead , but i am sorry that one of my kind brought you this pain . '' 
 `` whoever he is , he 's just following his contract . '' 
 `` yes , mistress , '' oreseur said . 
 `` the contract . '' 
 vin frowned . 
 `` is there a way that you could find out which kandra has a contract in luthadel ? '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , mistress , '' oreseur said . 
 `` that is not possible . '' 
 `` i figured as much , '' she said . 
 `` are you likely to know him , whoever he is ? '' 
 `` the kandra are a close-knit group , mistress , '' oreseur said . 
 `` and our numbers are small . 
 there is a good chance that i know him quite well . '' 
 vin tapped her finger against the windowsill , frowning as she tried to decide if the information was useful . 
 `` i still do n't think it 's dockson , '' she finally said , replacing the earring . 
 `` we 'll ignore him for now . 
 if i ca n't get any other leads , we 'll come back ... '' she trailed off as something caught her attention . 
 a figure walking in the courtyard , bearing no light . 
 ham , she thought . 
 but the walk was n't right . 
 she pushed on the shield of the lamp hanging on the wall a short distance away . 
 it snapped closed , the lamp shaking as the hallway fell into darkness . 
 `` mistress ? '' 
 oreseur asked as vin climbed up into the window , flaring her tin as she squinted into the night . 
 definitely not ham , she thought . 
 her first thought was of elend-a sudden terror that assassins had come while she was talking to dockson . 
 but , it was early in the night , and elend would still be speaking with his counselors . 
 it was an unlikely time for an assassination . 
 and only one man ? 
 not zane , not judging from the height . 
 probably just a guard , vin thought . 
 why do i have to be so paranoid all the time ? 
 and yet ... she watched the figure walking into the courtyard , and her instincts kicked in . 
 he seemed to be moving suspiciously , as if he were uncomfortable-as if he did n't want to be seen . 
 `` in my arms , '' she said to oreseur , tossing a padded coin out the window . 
 he hopped up obligingly , and she leaped out the window , fell twenty-five feet , and landed with the coin . 
 she released oreseur and nodded into the mists . 
 he followed closely as she moved into the darkness , stooping and hiding , trying to get a good look at the lone figure . 
 the man walked briskly , moving toward the side of the palace , where the servants ' entrances were . 
 as he passed , she finally saw his face . 
 captain demoux ? 
 she thought . 
 she sat back , crouching with oreseur beside a small stack of wooden supply boxes . 
 what did she really know of demoux ? 
 he was one of the skaa rebels recruited by kelsier almost two years before . 
 he 'd taken to command , and had been promoted quickly . 
 he was one of the loyal men who had stayed behind when the rest of the army had followed yeden to their doom . 
 after the collapse , he 'd stayed in with the crew , eventually becoming ham 's second . 
 he had received no small amount of training from ham-which might explain why he 'd go out at night without a torch or lantern . 
 but , even so ... if i were going to replace someone on the crew , vin thought , i would n't pick an allomancer-that would make the impostor too easy to spot . 
 i 'd pick someone ordinary , someone who would n't have to make decisions or attract notice . 
 someone close to the crew , but not necessarily on it . 
 someone who is always near important meetings , but someone that others do n't really know that well ... she felt a small thrill . 
 if the impostor were demoux , it would mean that one of her good friends had n't been killed . 
 and it would mean that the kandra 's master was even smarter than she 'd given him credit for being . 
 he rounded the keep , and she followed quietly . 
 however , whatever he 'd been doing this night , it was already completed-for he moved in through one of the entrances on the side of the building , greeting the guards posted there to watch . 
 vin sat back in the shadows . 
 he 'd spoken to the guards , so he had n't snuck out of the palace . 
 and yet ... she recognized the stooped posture , the nervous movements . 
 he 'd been nervous about something . 
 that 's him , she thought . 
 the spy . 
 but now , what should she do about it ? 
 there was a place for me , in the lore of the anticipation-i thought myself the announcer , the prophet foretold to discover the hero of ages . 
 renouncing alendi then would have been to renounce my new position , my acceptance , by the others . 
 and so i did not . 
 34 `` that wo n't work , '' elend said , shaking his head . 
 `` we need a unanimous decision-minus the person being ousted , of course-in order to depose a member of the assembly . 
 we 'd never manage to vote out all eight merchants . '' 
 ham looked a bit deflated . 
 elend knew that ham liked to consider himself a philosopher ; indeed , ham had a good mind for abstract thinking . 
 however , he was n't a scholar . 
 he liked to think up questions and answers , but he did n't have experience studying a text in detail , searching out its meaning and implications . 
 elend glanced at sazed , who sat with a book open on the table before him . 
 the keeper had at least a dozen volumes stacked around him-though , amusingly , his stacks were neatly arranged , spines pointing the same direction , covers flush . 
 elend 's own stacks were characteristically haphazard , pages of notes sticking out at odd angles . 
 it was amazing how many books one could fit into a room , assuming one did n't want to move around very much . 
 ham sat on the floor , a small pile of books beside him , though he spent most of his time voicing one random idea or another . 
 tindwyl had a chair , and did not study . 
 the terriswoman found it perfectly acceptable to train elend as a king ; however , she refused to research and give suggestions about keeping his throne . 
 this seemed , in her eyes , to cross some unseen line between being an educator and a political force . 
 good thing sazed is n't like that , elend thought . 
 if he were , the lord ruler might still be in charge . 
 in fact , vin and i would probably both be dead-sazed was the one who actually rescued her when she was imprisoned by the inquisitors . 
 it was n't me . 
 he did n't like to think about that event . 
 his bungled attempt at rescuing vin now seemed a metaphor for all he had done wrong in his life . 
 he 'd always been well-intentioned , but he 'd rarely been able to deliver . 
 that was going to change . 
 `` what about this , your majesty ? '' 
 the one who spoke was the only other person in the room , a scholar named noorden . 
 elend tried to ignore the intricate tattoos around the man 's eyes , indications of noorden 's former life as an obligator . 
 he wore large spectacles to try to hide the tattoos , but he had once been relatively well placed in the steel ministry . 
 he could renounce his beliefs , but the tattoos would always remain . 
 `` what have you found ? '' 
 elend asked . 
 `` some information on lord cett , your majesty , '' noorden said . 
 `` i found it in one of the ledgers you took from the lord ruler 's palace . 
 it seems cett is n't as indifferent to luthadel politics as he 'd like us to think . '' 
 noorden chuckled to himself at the thought . 
 elend had never met a cheerful obligator before . 
 perhaps that was why noorden had n't left the city like most of his kind ; he certainly did n't seem to fit into their ranks . 
 he was only one of several men that elend had been able to find to act as scribes and bureaucrats in his new kingdom . 
 elend scanned noorden 's page . 
 though the page was filled with numbers rather than words , his scholar 's mind easily parsed the information . 
 cett had done a lot of trading with luthadel . 
 most of his work had been done using lesser houses as fronts . 
 that might have fooled noblemen , but not the obligators , who had to be informed of the terms of any deal . 
 noorden passed the ledger over to sazed , who scanned the numbers . 
 `` so , '' noorden said , `` lord cett wanted to appear unconnected to luthadel-the beard and the attitude only serving to reinforce that impression . 
 yet , he always had a very quiet hand in things here . '' 
 elend nodded . 
 `` maybe he realized that you ca n't avoid politics by pretending you 're not part of them . 
 there 's no way he would have been able to grab as much power as he did without some solid political connections . '' 
 `` so , what does this tell us ? '' 
 sazed asked . 
 `` that cett is far more accomplished at the game than he wants people to believe , '' elend said , standing , then stepping over a pile of books as he made his way back to his chair . 
 `` but , i think that much was obvious by the way he manipulated me and the assembly yesterday . '' 
 noorden chuckled . 
 `` you should have seen the way you all looked , your majesty . 
 when cett revealed himself , a few of the noble assemblymen actually jumped in their seats ! 
 i think the rest of you were too shocked to - '' `` noorden ? '' 
 elend said . 
 `` yes , your majesty ? '' 
 `` please focus on the task at hand . '' 
 `` um , yes , your majesty . '' 
 `` sazed ? '' 
 elend asked . 
 `` what do you think ? '' 
 sazed looked up from his book-a codified and annotated version of the city 's charter , as written by elend himself . 
 the terrisman shook his head . 
 `` you did a very good job with this , i think . 
 i can see very few methods of preventing lord cett 's appointment , should the assembly choose him . '' 
 `` too competent for your own good ? '' 
 noorden said . 
 `` a problem which , unfortunately , i 've rarely had , '' elend said , sitting and rubbing his eyes . 
 is this how vin feels all the time ? 
 he wondered . 
 she got less sleep than he , and she was always moving about , running , fighting , spying . 
 yet , she always seemed fresh . 
 elend was beginning to droop after just a couple of days of hard study . 
 focus , he told himself . 
 you have to know your enemies so that you can fight them . 
 there has to be a way out of this . 
 dockson was still composing letters to the other assemblymen . 
 elend wanted to meet with those who were willing . 
 unfortunately , he had a feeling that number would be small . 
 they had voted him out , and now they had been presented with an option that seemed an easy way out of their problems . 
 `` your majesty ... '' noorden said slowly . 
 `` do you think , maybe , that we should just let cett take the throne ? 
 i mean , how bad could he be ? '' 
 elend stopped . 
 one of the reasons he employed the former obligator was because of noorden 's different view-point . 
 he was n't a skaa , nor was he a high nobleman . 
 he was n't a thief . 
 he was just a scholarly little man who had joined the ministry because it had offered an option other than becoming a merchant . 
 to him , the lord ruler 's death had been a catastrophe that had destroyed his entire way of life . 
 he was n't a bad man , but he had no real understanding of the plight of the skaa . 
 `` what do you think of the laws i 've made , noorden ? '' 
 elend asked . 
 `` they 're brilliant , your majesty , '' noorden said . 
 `` keen representations of the ideals spoken of by old philosophers , along with a strong element of modern realism . '' 
 `` will cett respect these laws ? '' 
 elend asked . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i have n't ever really met the man . '' 
 `` what do your instincts tell you ? '' 
 noorden hesitated . 
 `` no , '' he finally said . 
 `` he is n't the type of man who rules by law . 
 he just does what he wants . '' 
 `` he would bring only chaos , '' elend said . 
 `` look at the information we have from his homeland and the places he 's conquered . 
 they are in turmoil . 
 he 's left a patchwork of half alliances and promises-threats of invasion acting as the thread that-barely-holds it all together . 
 giving him rule of luthadel would just set us up for another collapse . '' 
 noorden scratched his cheek , then nodded thoughtfully and turned back to his reading . 
 i can convince him , elend thought . 
 if only i could do the same for the assemblymen . 
 but noorden was a scholar ; he thought the way elend did . 
 logical facts were enough for him , and a promise of stability was more powerful than one of wealth . 
 the assembly was a different beast entirely . 
 the noblemen wanted a return to what they 'd known before ; the merchants saw an opportunity to grab the titles they 'd always envied ; and the skaa were simply worried about a brutal slaughter . 
 and yet , even those were generalizations . 
 lord penrod saw himself as the city 's patriarch-the ranking nobleman , the one who needed to bring a measure of conservative temperance to their problems . 
 kinaler , one of the steel-workers , was worried that the central dominance needed a kinship with the kingdoms around it , and saw an alliance with cett as the best way to protect luthadel in the long run . 
 each of the twenty-three assemblymen had their own thoughts , goals , and problems . 
 that was what elend had intended ; ideas proliferated in such an environment . 
 he just had n't expected so many of their ideas to contradict his own . 
 `` you were right , ham , '' elend said , turning . 
 ham looked up , raising an eyebrow . 
 `` at the beginning of this all , you and the others wanted to make an alliance with one of the armies-give them the city in exchange for keeping it safe from the other armies . '' 
 `` i remember , '' ham said . 
 `` well , that 's what the people want , '' elend said . 
 `` with or without my consent , it appears they 're going to give the city to cett . 
 we should have just gone with your plan . '' 
 `` your majesty ? '' 
 sazed asked quietly . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 `` my apologies , but it is not your duty to do what the people want . '' 
 elend blinked . 
 `` you sound like tindwyl . '' 
 `` i have known few people as wise as she , your majesty , '' sazed said , glancing at her . 
 `` well , i disagree with both of you , '' elend said . 
 `` a ruler should only lead by the consent of the people he rules . '' 
 `` i do not disagree with that , your majesty , '' sazed said . 
 `` or , at least , i do believe in the theory of it . 
 regardless , i still do not believe that your duty is to do as the people wish . 
 your duty is to lead as best you can , following the dictates of your conscience . 
 you must be true , your majesty , to the man you wish to become . 
 if that man is not whom the people wish to have lead them , then they will choose someone else . '' 
 elend paused . 
 well , of course . 
 if i should n't be an exception to my own laws , i should n't be an exception to my own ethics , either . 
 sazed 's words were really just a rephrasing of things tindwyl had said about trusting oneself , but sazed 's explanation seemed a better one . 
 a more honest one . 
 `` trying to guess what people wish of you will only lead to chaos , i think , '' sazed said . 
 `` you can not please them all , elend venture . '' 
 the study 's small ventilation window bumped open , and vin squeezed through , pulling in a puff of mist behind her . 
 she closed the window , then surveyed the room . 
 `` more ? '' 
 she asked incredulously . 
 `` you found more books ? '' 
 `` of course , '' elend said . 
 `` how many of those things have people written ? '' 
 she asked with exasperation . 
 elend opened his mouth , then paused as he saw the twinkle in her eye . 
 finally , he just sighed . 
 `` you 're hopeless , '' he said , turning back to his letters . 
 he heard rustling from behind , and a moment later vin landed on one of his stacks of books , somehow managing to balance atop it . 
 her mistcloak tassels hung down around her , smudging the ink on his letter . 
 elend sighed . 
 `` oops , '' vin said , pulling back the mistcloak . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 `` is it really necessary to leap around like that all the time , vin ? '' 
 elend asked . 
 vin jumped down . 
 `` sorry , '' she repeated , biting her lip . 
 `` sazed says it 's because mistborn like to be up high , so we can see everything that 's going on . '' 
 elend nodded , continuing the letter . 
 he preferred them to be in his own hand , but he 'd need to have a scribe rewrite this one . 
 he shook his head . 
 so much to do ... vin watched elend scribble . 
 sazed sat reading , as did one of elend 's scribes-the obligator . 
 she eyed the man , and he shrank down a little in his seat . 
 he knew that she 'd never trusted him . 
 priests should n't be cheerful . 
 she was excited to tell elend what she 'd discovered about demoux , but she hesitated . 
 there were too many people around , and she did n't really have any evidence-just her instincts . 
 so , she held herself back , looking over the stacks of books . 
 there was a dull quiet in the room . 
 tindwyl sat with her eyes slightly glazed ; she was probably studying some ancient biography in her mind . 
 even ham was reading , though he flipped from book to book , hopping topics . 
 vin felt as if she should be studying something , too . 
 she thought of the notes she 'd been making about the deepness and the hero of ages , but could n't bring herself to get them out . 
 she could n't tell him about demoux , yet , but there was something else she 'd discovered . 
 `` elend , '' she said quietly . 
 `` i have something to tell you . '' 
 `` humm ? '' 
 `` i heard the servants talking when oreseur and i got dinner earlier , '' vin said . 
 `` some people they know have been sick lately-a lot of them . 
 i think that someone might be fiddling with our supplies . '' 
 `` yes , '' elend said , still writing . 
 `` i know . 
 several wells in the city have been poisoned . '' 
 `` they have ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` did n't i tell you when you checked on me earlier ? 
 that 's where ham and i were . '' 
 `` you did n't tell me . '' 
 `` i thought i did , '' elend said , frowning . 
 vin shook her head . 
 `` i apologize , '' he said , leaned up and kissed her , then turned back to his scribbling . 
 and a kiss is supposed to make it all right ? 
 she thought sullenly , sitting back on a stack of books . 
 it was a silly thing ; there was really no reason that elend should have told her so quickly . 
 and yet , the exchange left her feeling odd . 
 before , he would have asked her to do something about the problem . 
 now , he 'd apparently handled it all on his own . 
 sazed sighed , closing his tome . 
 `` your majesty , i can find no holes . 
 i have read your laws over six times now . '' 
 elend nodded . 
 `` i feared as much . 
 the only advantage we could gain from the law is to misinterpret it intentionally-which i will not do . '' 
 `` you are a good man , your majesty , '' sazed said . 
 `` if you had seen a hole in the law , you would have fixed it . 
 even if you had n't caught the flaws , one of us would have , when you asked for our opinions . '' 
 he lets them call him `` your majesty , '' vin thought . 
 he tried to get them to stop that . 
 why let them use it now ? 
 odd , that elend would finally start to think of himself as king after the throne had been taken from him . 
 `` wait , '' tindwyl said , eyes unglazing . 
 `` you read over this law before it was ratified , sazed ? '' 
 sazed flushed . 
 `` he did , '' elend said . 
 `` in fact , sazed 's suggestions and ideas were instrumental in helping me craft the current code . '' 
 `` i see , '' tindwyl said through tight lips . 
 elend frowned . 
 `` tindwyl , you were not invited to this meeting . 
 you are suffered at it . 
 your advice has been well appreciated , but i will not allow you to insult a friend and guest of my household , even if those insults are indirect . '' 
 `` i apologize , your majesty . '' 
 `` you will not apologize to me , '' elend said . 
 `` you will apologize to sazed , or you will leave this conference . '' 
 tindwyl sat for a moment ; then she stood and left the room . 
 elend did n't appear offended . 
 he simply turned back to writing his letters . 
 `` you did n't need to do that , your majesty , '' sazed said . 
 `` tindwyl 's opinions of me are well founded , i think . '' 
 `` i will do as i see fit , sazed , '' elend said , still writing . 
 `` no offense , my friend , but you have a history of letting people treat you poorly . 
 i wo n't stand for it in my house-by insulting your help with my laws , she insulted me as well . '' 
 sazed nodded , then reached over to pick up a new volume . 
 vin sat quietly . 
 he 's changing so quickly . 
 how long has it been since tindwyl arrived ? 
 two months ? 
 none of the things elend said were that different from what he would have said before-but the way he said them was completely different . 
 he was firm , demanding in a way that implied he expected respect . 
 it 's the collapse of his throne , the danger of the armies , vin thought . 
 the pressures are forcing him to change , to either step up and lead or get crushed . 
 he 'd known about the wells . 
 what other things had he discovered , and not told her ? 
 `` elend ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 `` i 've thought more about the deepness . '' 
 `` that 's wonderful , vin , '' elend said , smiling at her . 
 `` but , i really do n't have time right now ... '' vin nodded , and smiled at him . 
 however , her thoughts were more troubled . 
 he 's not uncertain , like he once was . 
 he does n't have to rely on people as much for support . 
 he does n't need me anymore . 
 it was a foolish thought . 
 elend loved her ; she knew that . 
 his aptitude would n't make her less valuable to him . 
 and yet , she could n't stamp out her worries . 
 he 'd left her once before , when he 'd been trying to juggle the needs of his house with his love for her , and the action had nearly crushed her . 
 what would happen if he abandoned her now ? 
 he wo n't , she told herself . 
 he 's a better man than that . 
 but , good men had failed relationships , did n't they ? 
 people grew apart-particularly people who were so different to begin with . 
 despite herself-despite her self-assurances-she heard a small voice pop up in the back of her mind . 
 it was a voice she 'd thought banished , a voice she had n't ever expected to hear again . 
 leave him first , reen , her brother , seemed to whisper in her head . 
 it will hurt less . 
 vin heard a rustling outside . 
 she perked up slightly , but it had been too soft for the others to hear . 
 she stood , walking over to the ventilation window . 
 `` going back on patrol ? '' 
 elend asked . 
 she turned , then nodded . 
 `` you might want to scout out cett 's defenses at keep hasting , '' elend said . 
 vin nodded again . 
 elend smiled at her , then turned back to his letters . 
 vin pulled open the window and stepped out into the night . 
 zane stood in the mists , feet barely resting against the stone lip running beneath the window . 
 he stood at a skewed angle , feet against the wall , body jutting out into the night . 
 vin glanced to the side , noting the bit of metal that zane was pulling against to hold himself stationary . 
 another feat of prowess . 
 he smiled at her in the night . 
 `` zane ? '' 
 she whispered . 
 zane glanced upward , and vin nodded . 
 a second later , they both landed atop keep venture 's metal roof . 
 vin turned to zane . 
 `` where have you been ? '' 
 he attacked . 
 vin jumped back in surprise as zane spun forward , a swirling form in black , knives twinkling . 
 she came down with her feet half off the rooftop , tense . 
 a spar , then ? 
 she thought . 
 zane struck , his knife coming dangerously close to her neck as she dodged to the side . 
 there was something different about his attacks this time . 
 something more dangerous . 
 vin cursed and pulled out her own daggers , jumping back from another attack . 
 as she moved , zane sliced through the air , cutting the tip off one of her mistcloak tassels . 
 she turned to face him . 
 he walked forward , but held no combat posture . 
 he seemed confident , yet unconcerned , as if he were strolling up to an old friend , not entering a fight . 
 all right then , she thought , jumping forward , swiping with her daggers . 
 zane stepped forward casually , turning just slightly to the side , easily dodging one knife . 
 he reached out , grabbing her other hand with an effortless motion , stopping its blow . 
 vin froze . 
 nobody was that good . 
 zane looked down at her , eyes dark . 
 unconcerned . 
 unworried . 
 he was burning atium . 
 vin pulled free of his grip , jumping backward . 
 he let her go , watching as she fell into a crouch , sweat beading on her brow . 
 she felt a sudden , sharp stab of terror-a guttural , primal feeling . 
 she had feared this day from the moment she 'd learned of atium . 
 it was the terror of knowing she was powerless , despite all of her skills and abilities . 
 it was the terror of knowing she was going to die . 
 she turned to jump away , but zane leaped forward before she even began to move . 
 he knew what she would do before she did herself . 
 he grabbed her shoulder from behind , pulling her backward , throwing her down to the rooftop . 
 vin slammed against the metal roofing , gasping in pain . 
 zane stood above her , looking down , as if waiting . 
 i wo n't be beaten this way ! 
 vin thought with desperation . 
 i wo n't be killed like a trapped rat ! 
 she reached and swung a knife at his leg , but it was useless . 
 he pulled the leg back slightly-just enough-so that her swing did n't even nick the cloth of his trousers . 
 she was like a child , being held at a distance by a much larger , more powerful foe . 
 this was what it must be like , being a normal person , trying to fight her . 
 zane stood in the darkness . 
 `` what ? '' 
 she finally demanded . 
 `` you really do n't have it , '' he said quietly . 
 `` the lord ruler 's atium stash . '' 
 `` no , '' she said . 
 `` you do n't have any at all , '' he said flatly . 
 `` i used the last bead the day i fought cett 's assassins . '' 
 he stood for a moment ; then he turned , stepping away from her . 
 vin sat up , heart thumping , hands shaking just a bit . 
 she forced herself to her feet , then stooped and retrieved her fallen daggers . 
 one had cracked against the roof 's copper top . 
 zane turned back toward her , quiet in the mists . 
 zane watched her in the darkness , saw her fear-yet also her determination . 
 `` my father wants me to kill you , '' zane said . 
 she stood , watching him , eyes still afraid . 
 she was strong , and she repressed the fear well . 
 the news from their spy , the words vin had spoken while visiting straff 's tent , were all true . 
 there was no atium to be had in this city . 
 `` is that why you stayed away ? '' 
 she asked . 
 he nodded , turning away from her . 
 `` so ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` why let me live ? '' 
 `` i 'm not sure , '' he admitted . 
 `` i may still kill you . 
 but ... i do n't have to . 
 not to fulfill his order . 
 i could just take you away-that would have the same effect . '' 
 he turned back toward her . 
 she was frowning , a small , quiet figure in the mists . 
 `` come with me , '' he said . 
 `` both of us could leave-straff would lose his mistborn , and elend would lose his . 
 we could deny them both their tools . 
 and we could be free . '' 
 she did n't respond immediately . 
 finally , she shook her head . 
 `` this ... thing between us , zane . 
 it is n't what you think . '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 he said , stepping forward . 
 she looked up at him . 
 `` i love elend , zane . 
 i really do . '' 
 and you think that means you ca n't feel anything for me ? 
 zane thought . 
 what of that look i 've seen in your eyes , that longing ? 
 no , it is n't as easy as you imply , is it ? 
 it never is . 
 and yet , what else had he expected ? 
 he turned away . 
 `` it makes sense . 
 that 's the way it has always been . '' 
 `` what is that supposed to mean ? '' 
 she demanded . 
 elend ... `` kill him , '' god whispered . 
 zane squeezed his eyes shut . 
 she would not be fooled ; not a woman who had grown up on the streets , a woman who was friends with thieves and scammers . 
 this was the difficult part . 
 she would need to see things that terrified zane . 
 she would need truth . 
 `` zane ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 she still seemed a bit shaken by his attack , but she was the type who recovered quickly . 
 `` ca n't you see the resemblance ? '' 
 zane asked , turning . 
 `` the same nose , the same slant of the face ? 
 i cut my hair shorter than he , but it has the same curl . 
 is it so hard to see ? '' 
 her breath caught in her throat . 
 `` who else would straff venture trust as his mistborn ? '' 
 zane asked . 
 `` why else would he let me get so close , why else would he feel so comfortable letting me in on his plans ? '' 
 `` you 're his son , '' vin whispered . 
 `` elend 's brother . '' 
 zane nodded . 
 `` elend ... '' `` does n't know of me , '' zane said . 
 `` ask him about our father 's sexual habits sometime . '' 
 `` he 's told me , '' vin said . 
 `` straff likes mistresses . '' 
 `` for more than one reason , '' zane said . 
 `` more women means more children . 
 more children means more allomancers . 
 more allomancers means more chances at having a mistborn son to be your assassin . '' 
 breeze-blown mist washed over them . 
 in the distance , a soldier 's armor clinked as he patrolled . 
 `` while the lord ruler lived , i could never inherit , '' zane said . 
 `` you know how strict the obligators were . 
 i grew up in the shadows , ignored . 
 you lived on the streets-i assume that was terrible . 
 but , think of what it would be like to be a scavenger in your own home , unacknowledged by your father , treated like a beggar . 
 think of watching your brother , a boy your same age , growing up privileged . 
 think of watching his disdain for the things you longed to have . 
 comfort , idleness , love ... '' `` you must hate him , '' vin whispered . 
 `` hate ? '' 
 zane asked . 
 `` no . 
 why hate a man for what he is ? 
 elend has done nothing to me , not directly . 
 besides , straff found a reason to need me , eventually-after i snapped , and he finally got what he 'd been gambling to get for the last twenty years no , i do n't hate elend . 
 sometimes , however , i do envy him . 
 he has everything . 
 and still ... it seems to me like he does n't appreciate it . '' 
 vin stood quietly . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 zane shook his head sharply . 
 `` do n't pity me , woman . 
 if i were elend , i would n't be mistborn . 
 i would n't understand the mists , nor would i know what it was like to grow up alone and hated . '' 
 he turned , looking into her eyes . 
 `` do n't you think a man better appreciates love when he has been forced for so long to go without ? '' 
 `` i. . . '' 
 zane turned away . 
 `` anyway , '' he said , `` i did n't come here tonight to lament my childhood . 
 i came with a warning . '' 
 vin grew tense . 
 `` a short time ago , '' zane said , `` my father let several hundred refugees through his barricade to approach the city . 
 you know of the koloss army ? '' 
 vin nodded . 
 `` it attacked and pillaged the city of suisna earlier . '' 
 vin felt a start of fright . 
 suisna was only a day away from luthadel . 
 the koloss were close . 
 `` the refugees came to my father for help , '' zane said . 
 `` he sent them on to you . '' 
 `` to make the people of the city more afraid , '' vin said . 
 `` and to provide a further drain on our resources . '' 
 zane nodded . 
 `` i wanted to give you warning . 
 both of the refugees , and of my orders . 
 think about my offer , vin . 
 think about this man who claims to love you . 
 you know he does n't understand you . 
 if you leave , it will be better for both of you . '' 
 vin frowned . 
 zane bowed his head slightly to her , then jumped into the night , pushing against the metal rooftop . 
 she still did n't believe him about elend . 
 he could see that in her eyes . 
 well , proof was coming . 
 she 'd soon see . 
 she 'd soon understand what elend venture truly thought of her . 
 but i do so now . 
 let it be known that i , kwaan , worldbringer of terris , am a fraud . 
 35 it felt like she was going to a ball again . 
 the beautiful maroon gown would have fit in perfectly at one of the parties she had attended during the months before the collapse . 
 the dress was untraditional , but not unfashionable . 
 the changes simply made the dress seem distinctive . 
 the alterations left her freer to move ; let her walk more gracefully , turn more naturally . 
 that , in turn , made her feel even more beautiful . 
 standing before her mirror , vin thought of what it might have been like to wear the dress to a real ball . 
 to be herself-not valette , the uncomfortable country noblewoman . 
 not even vin , the skaa thief . 
 to be herself . 
 or , at least , as she could imagine herself . 
 confident because she accepted her place as a mistborn . 
 confident because she accepted her place as the one who had struck down the lord ruler . 
 confident because she knew that the king loved her . 
 maybe i could be both , vin thought , running her hands down the sides of the dress , feeling the soft satin . 
 `` you look beautiful , child , '' tindwyl said . 
 vin turned , smiling hesitantly . 
 `` i do n't have any jewelry . 
 i gave the last of it to elend to help feed the refugees . 
 it was the wrong color to go with this dress anyway . '' 
 `` many women use jewelry to try and hide their own plainness , '' tindwyl said . 
 `` you do n't have that need . '' 
 the terriswoman stood with her usual posture , hands clasped before her , rings and earrings sparkling . 
 none of her jewelry , however , had gemstones ; in fact , most of it was made from simple materials . 
 iron , copper , pewter . 
 feruchemical metals . 
 `` you have n't been in to see elend lately , '' vin said , turning back to the mirror and using a few wooden barrettes to hold her hair back . 
 `` the king is quickly approaching the point where he no longer needs my instruction . '' 
 `` he 's that close then ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 `` to being like the men from your biographies ? '' 
 tindwyl laughed . 
 `` goodness , no , child . 
 he 's quite far from that . '' 
 `` but - '' `` i said he would no longer need my instruction , '' tindwyl said . 
 `` he is learning that he can rely only so much upon the words of others , and has reached the point where he will have to learn more for himself . 
 you would be surprised , child , how much about being a good leader simply comes from experience . '' 
 `` he seems very different to me , '' vin said quietly . 
 `` he is , '' tindwyl said , walking forward to lay a hand on vin 's shoulder . 
 `` he is becoming the man that he always knew he would have to be-he just did n't know the path . 
 though i am hard on him , i think he would have found his way , even if i had n't come . 
 a man can only stumble for so long before he either falls or stands up straight . '' 
 vin looked at her mirror self , pretty in its maroon dressings . 
 `` this is what i have to become . 
 for him . '' 
 `` for him , '' tindwyl agreed . 
 `` and for yourself . 
 this is where you were heading , before you got distracted . '' 
 vin turned . 
 `` are you going to come with us tonight ? '' 
 tindwyl shook her head . 
 `` that is not my place . 
 now , go meet your king . '' 
 this time , elend did not intend to enter his enemy 's lair without a proper escort . 
 two hundred soldiers stood in the courtyard , waiting to accompany him to cett 's dinner , and ham-fully armed-was playing personal bodyguard . 
 spook would act as elend 's coachman . 
 that only left breeze , who-understandably-was a bit nervous about the idea of going to the dinner . 
 `` you do n't have to come , '' elend told the portly man as they assembled in the venture courtyard . 
 `` i do n't ? '' 
 breeze said . 
 `` well then , i shall remain here . 
 enjoy the dinner ! '' 
 elend paused , frowning . 
 ham clapped elend on the shoulder . 
 `` you should know better than to give that one any wiggle room , elend ! '' 
 `` well , i meant my words , '' elend said . 
 `` we could really use a soother , but he does n't have to come if he does n't want to . '' 
 breeze looked relieved . 
 `` you do n't even feel a bit guilty , do you ? '' 
 ham asked . 
 `` guilty ? '' 
 breeze asked , hand resting on his cane . 
 `` my dear hammond , have you ever known me to express such a dreary and uninspired emotion ? 
 besides , i have a feeling cett will be more amiable without me around . '' 
 he 's probably right , elend thought as his coach pulled up . 
 `` elend , '' ham said . 
 `` do n't you think bringing two hundred soldiers with us is ... well , a little obvious ? '' 
 `` cett is the one who said we should be honest with our threats , '' elend said . 
 `` well , i 'd say two hundred men is on the conservative side of how well i trust the man . 
 he 'll still have us outnumbered five to one . '' 
 `` but you 'll have a mistborn sitting a few seats from him , '' a soft voice said from behind . 
 elend turned , smiling at vin . 
 `` how can you possibly move so quietly in a dress like that ? '' 
 `` i 've been practicing , '' she said , taking his arm . 
 thing is , she probably has , he thought , inhaling her perfume , imagining vin creeping through the palace hallways in a massive ball gown . 
 `` well , we should get moving , '' ham said . 
 he gestured for vin and elend to enter the carriage , and they left breeze behind on the palace steps . 
 after a year of passing keep hasting in the night , its windows darkened , it felt right to see them glowing again . 
 `` you know , '' elend said from beside her , `` we never did get to attend a ball together . '' 
 vin turned from her contemplation of the approaching keep . 
 around her , the carriage bounced along to the sound of several hundred tromping feet , the evening just beginning to grow dark . 
 `` we met up several times at the balls , '' elend continued , `` but we never officially attended one together . 
 i never got the chance to pick you up in my carriage . '' 
 `` is that really so important ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 elend shrugged . 
 `` it 's all part of the experience . 
 or , it was . 
 there was a comfortable formality to it all ; the gentleman arriving to accompany the lady , then everyone watching you enter and evaluating how you look together . 
 i did it dozens of times with dozens of women , but never with the one that would have made the experience special . '' 
 vin smiled . 
 `` do you think we 'll ever have balls again ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , vin . 
 even if we survive all of this ... well , could you dance while so many people starved ? '' 
 he was probably thinking about the hundreds of refugees , wearied from their travels , stripped of all food and equipment by straff 's soldiers , huddled together in the warehouse elend had found for them . 
 you danced before , she thought . 
 people starved then , too . 
 but that was a different time ; elend had n't been king then . 
 in fact , as she thought about it , he had never actually danced at those balls . 
 he had studied and met with his friends , planning how he could make a better place out of the final empire . 
 `` there has to be a way to have both , '' vin said . 
 `` maybe we could throw balls , and ask the nobility who came to donate money to help feed the people . '' 
 elend smiled . 
 `` we 'd probably spend twice as much on the party as we got in donations . '' 
 `` and the money we spent would go to skaa merchants . '' 
 elend paused thoughtfully , and vin smirked to herself . 
 odd that i would end up with the only frugal nobleman in the city . 
 what a pair they were-a mistborn who felt guilty wasting coins to jump and a nobleman who thought balls were too expensive . 
 it was a wonder that dockson could pry enough money out of them to keep the city running . 
 `` we 'll worry about that later , '' elend said as the hasting gates opened , revealing a field of soldiers at attention . 
 you can bring your soldiers if you want , the display seemed to say . 
 i 've got more . 
 in reality , they were entering a strange allegory of luthadel itself . 
 elend 's two hundred were now surrounded by cett 's thousand-which , in turn , were surrounded by luthadel 's twenty thousand . 
 the city , of course , was then surrounded by nearly a hundred thousand troops on the outside . 
 layer upon layer of soldiers , all tensely waiting for a fight . 
 thoughts of balls and parties fled her mind . 
 cett did not greet them at the door . 
 that duty was performed by a soldier in a simple uniform . 
 `` your soldiers can remain here , '' the man said as they entered the main entryway . 
 once , the large , pillared room had been draped in fine rugs and wall hangings , but elend had taken those to fund his government . 
 cett , obviously , had n't brought replacements , and that left the inside of the keep feeling austere . 
 like a battlefront fortress , rather than a mansion . 
 elend turned , waving to demoux , and the captain ordered his men to wait indoors . 
 vin stood for a moment , consciously keeping herself from shooting a glare at demoux . 
 if he was the kandra , as her instincts warned , then it was dangerous to have him too close . 
 part of her itched to simply throw him in a dungeon . 
 and yet , a kandra could n't hurt humans , so he was n't a direct threat . 
 he was simply there to relay information . 
 plus , he 'd already know their most sensitive secrets ; there was little point in striking now , playing her hand so quickly . 
 if she waited , saw where he went when he slipped out of the city , then maybe she could find out which army-or sect in the city-he was reporting to . 
 learn what information he had betrayed . 
 and so , she stayed her hand , waiting . 
 the time to strike would come . 
 ham and demoux arranged their men , and then a smaller honor guard-including ham , spook , and demoux-gathered to stay with vin and elend . 
 elend nodded to cett 's man , and the soldier led them down a side passageway . 
 we 're not heading toward the lifts , vin thought . 
 the hasting ballroom was at the very top of the keep 's central tower ; the times she had attended balls in the structure , she had been taken to the top on one of four human-drawn lifts . 
 either hasting did n't want to waste the manpower , or ... he picked the tallest keep in the city , vin thought . 
 the one with the fewest windows as well . 
 if cett pulled all the lifts to the top , it would be very difficult for an invading force to claim the keep . 
 fortunately , it did n't appear that they would have to go all the way to the top this evening . 
 after they climbed two flights in a twisting stone stairwell-vin having to pull her dress in at the sides to keep from brushing against the stones-their guide led them out into a large , circular room with stained-glass windows running around the entire perimeter , broken only by columns to support the ceiling . 
 the single room was nearly as wide around as the tower itself . 
 a secondary ballroom , perhaps ? 
 vin wondered , taking in the beauty . 
 the glass was n't lit , though she suspected that there were clefts for limelights on the outside . 
 cett did n't appear to care about such things . 
 he had set up a large table in the very center of the room , and sat at its head . 
 he was already eating . 
 `` you 're late , '' he called out to elend , `` so i started without you . '' 
 elend frowned . 
 to this , cett laughed a full bellow , holding up a drumstick . 
 `` you seem more aghast at my breach of etiquette than you do about the fact that i brought an army to conquer you , boy ! 
 but , i suppose that 's luthadel . 
 sit down before i eat this all myself . '' 
 elend held out an arm for vin , leading her to the table . 
 spook took up position near the stairwell , his tineye 's ears listening for danger . 
 ham led their ten men to a position from which they could watch the only entrances to the room-the entry from the stairs and the door the serving staff used . 
 cett ignored the soldiers . 
 he had a group of his own bodyguards standing near the wall on the other side of the room , but he seemed unconcerned that ham 's troop had them slightly outnumbered . 
 his son-the young man who had attended him at the assembly meeting-stood at his side , waiting quietly . 
 one of the two has to be mistborn , vin thought . 
 and i still think it is cett . 
 elend seated her , then took a chair next to her , both of them sitting directly across from cett . 
 he barely paused in his eating as the servers brought vin 's and elend 's dishes . 
 drumsticks , vin thought , and vegetables in gravy . 
 he wants this to be a messy meal-he wants to make elend uncomfortable . 
 elend did n't start on his food immediately . 
 he sat , watching cett , his expression thoughtful . 
 `` damn , '' cett said . 
 `` this is good food . 
 you have no idea how hard it is to get proper meals when traveling ! '' 
 `` why did you want to speak with me ? '' 
 elend asked . 
 `` you know i wo n't be convinced to vote for you . '' 
 cett shrugged . 
 `` i thought it might be interesting . '' 
 `` is this about your daughter ? '' 
 elend asked . 
 `` lord ruler , no ! '' 
 cett said with a laugh . 
 `` keep the silly thing , if you want . 
 the day she ran off was one of the few joys i 've had this last month . '' 
 `` and if i threaten to harm her ? '' 
 elend asked . 
 `` you wo n't , '' cett said . 
 `` you 're certain ? '' 
 cett smiled through his thick beard , leaning toward elend . 
 `` i know you , venture . 
 i 'd been watching you , studying you , for months . 
 and then , you were kind enough to send one of your friends to spy on me . 
 i learned a lot about you from him ! '' 
 elend looked troubled . 
 cett laughed . 
 `` honestly , you did n't think i 'd recognize one of the survivor 's own crewmembers ? 
 you luthadel noblemen must assume that everyone outside the city is a damn fool ! '' 
 `` and yet , you listened to breeze , '' elend said . 
 `` you let him join you , listened to his advice . 
 and then , you only chased him away when you found him being intimate with your daughter-the one you claim to have no affection for . '' 
 `` is that why he told you he left the camp ? '' 
 cett asked , laughing . 
 `` because i caught him with allrianne ? 
 goodness , what do i care if the girl seduced him ? '' 
 `` you think she seduced him ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 `` of course , '' cett said . 
 `` honestly , i only spent a few weeks with him , and even i know how useless he is with women . '' 
 elend was taking all this in stride . 
 he watched cett with narrow , discerning eyes . 
 `` so why did you chase him away ? '' 
 cett leaned back . 
 `` i tried to turn him . 
 he refused . 
 i figured killing him would be preferable to letting him return to you . 
 but , he 's remarkably agile for a man his size . '' 
 if cett really is mistborn , there 's no way breeze got away without cett letting him , vin thought . 
 `` so you see , venture , '' cett said . 
 `` i know you . 
 i know you better , perhaps , than you know yourself-for i know what your friends think of you . 
 it takes a pretty extraordinary man to earn the loyalty of a weasel like breeze . '' 
 `` so you think i wo n't harm your daughter , '' elend said . 
 `` i know you wo n't , '' cett said . 
 `` you 're honest-i happen to like that about you . 
 unfortunately , honesty is very easy to exploit-i knew , for instance , that you 'd admit breeze was soothing that crowd . '' 
 cett shook his head . 
 `` honest men were n't meant to be kings , lad . 
 it 's a damn shame , but it 's true . 
 that 's why i have to take the throne from you . '' 
 elend was silent for a moment . 
 finally , he looked to vin . 
 she took his plate , sniffing it with an allomancer 's senses . 
 cett laughed . 
 `` think i 'd poison you ? '' 
 `` no , actually , '' elend said as vin set the plate down . 
 she was n't as good as some , but she 'd leaned the obvious scents . 
 `` you would n't use poison , '' elend said . 
 `` that is n't your way . 
 you seem to be a rather honest man yourself . '' 
 `` i 'm just blunt , '' cett said . 
 `` there 's a difference . '' 
 `` i have n't heard you tell a lie yet . '' 
 `` that 's because you do n't know me well enough to discern the lies , '' cett said . 
 he held up several grease-stained fingers . 
 `` i 've already told you three lies tonight , lad . 
 good luck guessing which ones they were . '' 
 elend paused , studying cett . 
 `` you 're playing with me . '' 
 `` of course i am ! '' 
 cett said . 
 `` do n't you see , boy ? 
 this is why you should n't be king . 
 leave the job to men who understand their own corruption ; do n't let it destroy you . '' 
 `` why do you care ? '' 
 elend asked . 
 `` because i 'd rather not kill you , '' cett said . 
 `` then do n't . '' 
 cett shook his head . 
 `` that is n't how all this works , lad . 
 if there is an opportunity to stabilize your power , or to get more power , you 'd damn well better take it . 
 and i will . '' 
 the table fell silent again . 
 cett eyed vin . 
 `` no comments from the mistborn ? '' 
 `` you swear a lot , '' vin said . 
 `` you 're not supposed to do that in front of ladies . '' 
 cett laughed . 
 `` that 's the funny thing about luthadel , lass . 
 they 're all so concerned about doing what is ` proper ' when people can see them-but , at the same time , they find nothing wrong with going and raping a couple skaa women when the party is through . 
 at least i swear to your face . '' 
 elend still had n't touched his food . 
 `` what will happen if you win the vote for the throne ? '' 
 cett shrugged . 
 `` honest answer ? '' 
 `` always . '' 
 `` first thing , i 'd have you assassinated , '' cett said . 
 `` ca n't have old kings sticking around . '' 
 `` and if i step down ? '' 
 elend said . 
 `` withdraw from the vote ? '' 
 `` step down , '' cett said , `` vote for me , and then leave town , and i 'll let you live . '' 
 `` and the assembly ? '' 
 elend asked . 
 `` dissolved , '' cett said . 
 `` they 're a liability . 
 any time you give a committee power , you just end up with confusion . '' 
 `` the assembly gives the people power , '' elend said . 
 `` that 's what a government should provide . '' 
 surprisingly , cett did n't laugh at that comment . 
 instead , he leaned in again , setting one arm on the table , discarding a half-eaten drumstick . 
 `` that 's the thing , boy . 
 letting the people rule themselves is fine when everything is bright and happy , but what about when you have two armies facing you ? 
 what about when there 's a band of insane koloss destroying villages on your frontier ? 
 those are n't the times when you can afford to have an assembly around to depose you . '' 
 cett shook his head . 
 `` the price is too high . 
 when you ca n't have both freedom and safety , boy , which do you choose ? '' 
 elend was silent . 
 `` i make my own choice , '' he finally said . 
 `` and i leave the others to make their own as well . '' 
 cett smiled , as if he 'd expected such a reply . 
 he started in on another drumstick . 
 `` let 's say i leave , '' elend said . 
 `` and let 's say you do get the throne , protect the city , and dissolve the assembly . 
 what then ? 
 what of the people ? '' 
 `` why do you care ? '' 
 `` you need ask ? '' 
 elend said . 
 `` i thought you ` understood ' me . '' 
 cett smiled . 
 `` i put the skaa back to work , in the way the lord ruler did . 
 no pay , no emancipated peasant class . '' 
 `` i ca n't accept that , '' elend said . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 cett said . 
 `` it 's what they want . 
 you gave them a choice-and they chose to throw you out . 
 now they 're going to choose to put me on the throne . 
 they know that the lord ruler 's way was the best . 
 one group must rule , and another must serve . 
 someone has to grow the food and work the forges , boy . '' 
 `` perhaps , '' elend said . 
 `` but you 're wrong about one thing . '' 
 `` and what is that ? '' 
 `` they 're not going to vote for you , '' elend said , standing . 
 `` they 're going to choose me . 
 faced with the choice between freedom and slavery , they will choose freedom . 
 the men of the assembly are the finest of this city , and they will make the best choice for its people . '' 
 cett paused , then he laughed . 
 `` the best thing about you , lad , is that you can say that and sound serious ! '' 
 `` i 'm leaving , cett , '' elend said , nodding to vin . 
 `` oh , sit down , venture , '' cett said , waving toward elend 's chair . 
 `` do n't act indignant because i 'm being honest with you . 
 we still have things to discuss . '' 
 `` such as ? '' 
 elend asked . 
 `` atium , '' cett said . 
 elend stood for a moment , apparently forcing down his annoyance . 
 when cett did n't speak immediately , elend finally sat and began to eat . 
 vin just picked quietly at her food . 
 as she did , however , she studied the faces of cett 's soldiers and servants . 
 there were bound to be allomancers mixed among them-finding out how many could give elend an advantage . 
 `` your people are starving , '' cett said . 
 `` and , if my spies are worth their coin , you just got another influx of mouths . 
 you ca n't last much longer under this siege . '' 
 `` and ? '' 
 elend asked . 
 `` i have food , '' cett said . 
 `` a lot of it-more than my army needs . 
 canned goods , packed with the new method the lord ruler developed . 
 long-lasting , no spoilage . 
 really a marvel of technology . 
 i 'd be willing to trade you some of them ... '' elend paused , fork halfway to his lips . 
 then he lowered it and laughed . 
 `` you still think i have the lord ruler 's atium ? '' 
 `` of course you have it , '' cett said , frowning . 
 `` where else would it be ? '' 
 elend shook his head , taking a bite of gravy-drenched potato . 
 `` not here , for certain . '' 
 `` but ... the rumors ... '' cett said . 
 `` breeze spread those rumors , '' elend said . 
 `` i thought you 'd figured out why he joined your group . 
 he wanted you to come to luthadel so that you 'd stop straff from taking the city . '' 
 `` but , breeze did everything he could to keep me from coming here , '' cett said . 
 `` he downplayed the rumors , he tried to distract me , he ... '' cett trailed off , then he bellowed a laugh . 
 `` i thought he was just there to spy ! 
 it seems we both underestimated each other . '' 
 `` my people could still use that food , '' elend said . 
 `` and they 'll have it-assuming i become king . '' 
 `` they 're starving now , '' elend said . 
 `` and their suffering will be your burden , '' cett said , his face growing hard . 
 `` i can see that you have judged me , elend venture . 
 you think me a good man . 
 you 're wrong . 
 honesty does not make a man less of a tyrant . 
 i slaughtered thousands to secure my rule . 
 i put burdens on the skaa that make even the lord ruler 's hand seem pleasant . 
 i made certain that i stayed in power . 
 i will do the same here . '' 
 the men fell silent . 
 elend ate , but vin only mixed her food around . 
 if she had missed a poison , she wanted one of them to remain alert . 
 she still wanted to find those allomancers , and there was only one way to be certain . 
 she turned off her copper , then burned bronze . 
 there was no coppercloud burning ; cett apparently did n't care if someone recognized his men as allomancers . 
 two of his men were burning pewter . 
 neither , however , were soldiers ; both were pretending to be members of the serving staff who were bringing meals . 
 there was also a tineye pulsing in the other room , listening . 
 why hide thugs as servants , then use no copper to hide their pulses ? 
 in addition , there were no soothers or rioters . 
 nobody was trying to influence elend 's emotions . 
 neither cett nor his youthful attendant were burning any metals . 
 either they were n't actually allomancers , or they feared exposing themselves . 
 just to be certain , vin flared her bronze , seeking to pierce any hidden copperclouds that might be nearby . 
 she could see cett putting out some obvious allomancers as a distraction , then hiding the others inside a cloud . 
 she found nothing . 
 finally satisfied , she returned to picking at her meal . 
 how many times has this ability of mine-the ability to pierce copperclouds-proven useful ? 
 she 'd forgotten what it was like to be blocked from sensing allomantic pulses . 
 this one little ability-simple though it seemed-provided an enormous advantage . 
 and the lord ruler and his inquisitors had probably been able to do it from the beginning . 
 what other tricks was she missing , what other secrets had died with the lord ruler ? 
 he knew the truth about the deepness , vin thought . 
 he must have . 
 he tried to warn us , at the end ... elend and cett were talking again . 
 why could n't she focus on the problems of the city ? 
 `` so you do n't have any atium at all ? '' 
 cett said . 
 `` none that we 're willing to sell , '' elend said . 
 `` you 've searched the city ? '' 
 cett asked . 
 `` a dozen times . '' 
 `` the statues , '' cett said . 
 `` perhaps the lord ruler hid the metal by melting it down , then building things out of it . '' 
 elend shook his head . 
 `` we thought of that . 
 the statues are n't atium , and they are n't hollow either-that would have been a good place to hide metal from allomancer eyes . 
 we thought maybe that it would be hidden in the palace somewhere , but even the spires are simple iron . '' 
 `` caves , tunnels ... '' `` none that we can find , '' elend said . 
 `` we 've had allomancers patrol , searching for large sources of metals . 
 we 've done everything we can think of , cett , short of tearing holes in the ground . 
 trust me . 
 we 've been working on this problem for a while . '' 
 cett nodded , sighing . 
 `` so , i suppose holding you for ransom would be pointless ? '' 
 elend smiled . 
 `` i 'm not even king , cett . 
 the only thing you 'd do is make the assembly less likely to vote for you . '' 
 cett laughed . 
 `` suppose i 'll have to let you go , then . '' 
 alendi was never the hero of ages . 
 at best , i have amplified his virtues , creating a hero where there was none . 
 at worst , i fear that all we believe may have been corrupted . 
 36 once this warehouse had held swords and armor , scattered across its floor in heaps , like some mythical treasure . 
 sazed remembered walking through it , marveling at the preparations kelsier had made without alerting any of his crewmembers . 
 those weapons had armed the rebellion on the eve of the survivor 's own death , letting it take the city . 
 those weapons were now stored in lockers and armories . 
 in their place , a desperate , beaten people huddled in what blankets they could find . 
 there were very few men , none of fighting quality ; straff had pressed those into his army . 
 these others-the weak , the sickly , the wounded-he had allowed to luthadel , knowing that elend would n't turn them away . 
 sazed moved among them , offering what comfort he could . 
 they had no furniture , and even changes of clothing were becoming scarce in the city . 
 the merchants , realizing that warmth would be a premium for the upcoming winter , had begun raising prices on all their wares , not just foodstuffs . 
 sazed knelt beside a crying woman . 
 `` peace , genedere , '' he said , his coppermind reminding him of her name . 
 she shook her head . 
 she had lost three children in the koloss attack , two more in the flight to luthadel . 
 now the final one-the babe she had carried the entire way-was sick . 
 sazed took the child from her arms , carefully studying his symptoms . 
 little had changed from the day before . 
 `` is there hope , master terrisman ? '' 
 genedere asked . 
 sazed glanced down at the thin , glassy-eyed baby . 
 the chances were not good . 
 how could he tell her such a thing ? 
 `` as long as he breathes , there is hope , dear woman , '' sazed said . 
 `` i will ask the king to increase your portion of food-you need strength to give suck . 
 you must keep him warm . 
 stay near the fires , and use a damp cloth to drip water in his mouth even when he is not eating . 
 he has great need of liquids . '' 
 genedere nodded dully , taking back the baby . 
 how sazed wished he could give her more . 
 a dozen different religions passed through his mind . 
 he had spent his entire life trying to encourage people to believe in something other than the lord ruler . 
 yet , for some reason , at this moment he found it difficult to preach one of them to genedere . 
 it had been different before the collapse . 
 each time he 'd spoken of a religion , sazed had felt a subtle sense of rebellion . 
 even if people had n't accepted the things he taught-and they rarely had-his words had reminded them that there had once been beliefs other than the doctrines of the steel ministry . 
 now there was nothing to rebel against . 
 in the face of the terrible grief he saw in genedere 's eyes , he found it difficult to speak of religions long dead , gods long forgotten . 
 esoterica would not ease this woman 's pain . 
 sazed stood , moving on to the next group of people . 
 `` sazed ? '' 
 sazed turned . 
 he had n't noticed tindwyl entering the warehouse . 
 the doors of the large structure were closed against approaching night , and the firepits gave an inconsistent light . 
 holes had been knocked in the roof to let out the smoke ; if one looked up , trails of mist could be seen creeping into the room , though they evaporated before they reached halfway to the floor . 
 the refugees did n't often look up . 
 `` you 've been here nearly all day , '' tindwyl said . 
 the room was remarkably quiet , considering its occupancy . 
 fires crackled , and people lay silent in their pain or numbness . 
 `` there are many wounded here , '' sazed said . 
 `` i am the best one to look after them , i think . 
 i am not alone-the king has sent others and lord breeze is here , soothing the people 's despair . '' 
 sazed nodded to the side , where breeze sat in a chair , ostensibly reading a book . 
 he looked terribly out of place in the room , wearing his fine three-piece suit . 
 yet , his mere presence said something remarkable , in sazed 's estimation . 
 these poor people , sazed thought . 
 their lives were terrible under the lord ruler . 
 now even what little they had has been taken from them . 
 and they were only a tiny number-four hundred compared with the hundreds of thousands who still lived in luthadel . 
 what would happen when the final stores of food ran out ? 
 rumors were already abroad regarding the poisoned wells , and sazed had just heard that some of their stored food had been sabotaged as well . 
 what would happen to these people ? 
 how long could the siege continue ? 
 in fact , what would happen when the siege ended ? 
 what would happen when the armies finally began to attack and pillage ? 
 what destruction , what grief , would the soldiers cause in searching for hidden atium ? 
 `` you do care for them , '' tindwyl said quietly , stepping up . 
 sazed turned toward her . 
 then he looked down . 
 `` not as much as i should , perhaps . '' 
 `` no , '' tindwyl said . 
 `` i can see it . 
 you confuse me , sazed . '' 
 `` i seem to have a talent in that area . '' 
 `` you look tired . 
 where is your bronzemind ? '' 
 suddenly , sazed felt the fatigue . 
 he 'd been ignoring it , but her words seemed to bring it in like a wave , rolling over him . 
 he sighed . 
 `` i used most of my wakefulness in my run to luthadel . 
 i was so eager to get here ... '' his studies had languished recently . 
 with the problems in the city , and the arrival of the refugees , he had n't had much time . 
 besides , he had already transcribed the rubbing . 
 further work would require detailed cross-referencing to other works , searching for clues . 
 he probably would n't even have time to ... he frowned , noting the odd look in tindwyl 's eyes . 
 `` all right , '' she said , sighing . 
 `` show me . '' 
 `` show you ? '' 
 `` whatever it was you found , '' she said . 
 `` the discovery that prompted you to run across two dominances . 
 show it to me . '' 
 suddenly , everything seemed to lighten . 
 his fatigue , his worry , even his sorrow . 
 `` i would love to , '' he said quietly . 
 another job well done , breeze thought , congratulating himself as he watched the two terrismen leave the warehouse . 
 most people , even noblemen , misunderstood soothing . 
 they thought of it as some kind of mind control , and even those who knew more presumed that soothing was an invasive , terrible thing . 
 breeze had never seen it that way . 
 soothing was n't invasive . 
 if it was , then ordinary interaction with another person was comparably invasive . 
 soothing , when done right , was no more a violation of another person than it was for a woman to wear a low-cut gown or speak in a commanding voice . 
 all three produced common , understandable , and-most important-natural reactions in people . 
 take sazed , for example . 
 was it `` invasive '' to make the man less fatigued , so he could better go about his ministrations ? 
 was it wrong to soothe away his pain-just a bit-thereby making him better able to cope with the suffering ? 
 tindwyl was an even better example . 
 perhaps some would call breeze a meddler for soothing her sense of responsibility , and her disappointment , when she saw sazed . 
 but , breeze had not created the emotions that the disappointment had been overshadowing . 
 emotions like curiosity . 
 respect . 
 love . 
 no , if soothing were simple `` mind control , '' tindwyl would have turned away from sazed as soon as the two left breeze 's area of influence . 
 but breeze knew that she would n't . 
 a crucial decision had been made , and breeze had not made that decision for her . 
 the moment had been building for weeks ; it would have occurred with or without breeze . 
 he had just helped it happen sooner . 
 smiling to himself , breeze checked his pocket watch . 
 he still had a few more minutes , and he settled back in his chair , sending out a general soothing wave , lessening people 's grief and pain . 
 focusing on so many at once , he could n't be very specific ; some would find themselves made a little emotionally numb as he pushed too strongly against them . 
 but , it would be good for the group as a whole . 
 he did n't read his book ; in truth , he could n't understand how elend and the rest spent so much time with them . 
 dreadfully boring things . 
 breeze could only see himself reading if there were no people around . 
 instead , he went back to what he 'd been doing before sazed had drawn his attention . 
 he studied the refugees , trying to decide what each one was feeling . 
 this was the other great misunderstanding about soothing . 
 allomancy was n't nearly as important as observational talent . 
 true , having a subtle touch certainly helped . 
 however , soothing did n't give an allomancer the ability to know someone 's feelings . 
 those , breeze had to guess on his own . 
 it all came back to what was natural . 
 even the most inexperienced skaa would realize they were being soothed if unexpected emotions began bouncing around inside of them . 
 true subtlety in soothing was about encouraging natural emotions , all done by carefully making the right other emotions less powerful . 
 people were a patchwork of feelings ; usually , what they thought they were `` feeling '' at the moment only related to which emotions were currently most dominant within them . 
 the careful soother saw what was beneath the surface . 
 he understood what a man was feeling , even when that man himself did n't understand-or acknowledge-those emotions . 
 such was the case with sazed and tindwyl . 
 odd pair , that one , breeze thought to himself , idly soothing one of the skaa to make him more relaxed as he tried to sleep . 
 the rest of the crew is convinced that those two are enemies . 
 but , hatred rarely creates that measure of bitterness and frustration . 
 no , those two emotions come from an entirely different set of problems . 
 of course , is n't sazed supposed to be a eunuch ? 
 i wonder how this all came about ... his speculations trailed off as the warehouse doors opened . 
 elend walked in-ham , unfortunately , accompanying him . 
 elend was wearing one of his white uniforms , complete with white gloves and a sword . 
 the white was an important symbol ; with all of the ash and soot in the city , a man in white was quite striking . 
 elend 's uniforms had to been crafted of special fabrics designed to be resistant to ash , and they still had to be scrubbed every day . 
 the effect was worth the effort . 
 breeze immediately picked at elend 's emotions , making the man less tired , less uncertain-though the second was becoming almost unnecessary . 
 that was partially the terriswoman 's doing ; breeze had been impressed with her ability to change how people felt , considering her lack of allomancy . 
 breeze left elend 's emotions of disgust and pity ; both were appropriate considering the environment . 
 he did , however , give ham a nudge to make him less argumentative ; breeze was n't in a mood to deal with the man 's prattlings at the moment . 
 he stood as the two men approached . 
 people perked up as they saw elend , his presence somehow bringing them a hope that breeze could n't emulate with allomancy . 
 they whispered , calling elend king . 
 `` breeze , '' elend said , nodding . 
 `` is sazed here ? '' 
 `` he just left , i 'm afraid , '' breeze said . 
 elend seemed distracted . 
 `` ah , well , '' he said . 
 `` i 'll find him later . '' 
 elend looked around the room , lips downturned . 
 `` ham , tomorrow , i want you to round up the clothing merchants on kenton street and bring them here to see this . '' 
 `` they might not like that , elend , '' ham said . 
 `` i hope they do n't , '' elend said . 
 `` but we 'll see how they feel about their prices once they visit this room . 
 i can understand food 's expense , considering its scarcity . 
 however , there is no reason but greed to deny the people clothing . '' 
 ham nodded , but breeze could see the reticence in his posture . 
 did the others realize how strangely nonconfrontational ham was ? 
 he liked to argue with friends , but he rarely actually came to any conclusions in his philosophizing . 
 plus , he absolutely hated fighting with strangers ; breeze had always found that an odd attribute in one who was hired , essentially , to hit people . 
 he gave ham a bit of a soothing to make him less worried about confronting the merchants . 
 `` you are n't going to stay here all night , are you , breeze ? '' 
 elend asked . 
 `` lord ruler , no ! '' 
 breeze said . 
 `` my dear man , you 're lucky you managed to get me to come at all . 
 honestly , this is no place for a gentleman . 
 the dirt , the depressing atmosphere-and that 's not even making mention of the smell ! '' 
 ham frowned . 
 `` breeze , someday you 're going to have to learn to think about other people . '' 
 `` as long as i can think about them from a distance , hammond , i shall be happy to engage in the activity . '' 
 ham shook his head . 
 `` you 're hopeless . '' 
 `` are you heading back to the palace then ? '' 
 elend asked . 
 `` yes , actually , '' breeze said , checking his pocket watch . 
 `` do you need a ride ? '' 
 `` i brought my own carriage , '' breeze said . 
 elend nodded , then turned to ham , and the two retreated the way they had come , talking about elend 's next meeting with one of the other assemblymen . 
 breeze wandered into the palace a short time later . 
 he nodded to the door guards , soothing away their mental fatigue . 
 they perked up in response , watching the mists with renewed vigilance . 
 it would n't last long , but little touches like that were second nature to breeze . 
 it was getting late , and few people were in the hallways . 
 he made his way through the kitchens , nudging the scullery maids to make them more chatty . 
 it would make their cleaning pass more quickly . 
 beyond the kitchens he found a small stone room , lit by a couple of plain lamps , set with a small table . 
 it was one of the palace 's boothlike , solitary dining rooms . 
 clubs sat in one corner of the booth , gimped leg stretched out on the bench . 
 he eyed breeze with a scowl . 
 `` you 're late . '' 
 `` you 're early , '' breeze said , sliding into the bench across from clubs . 
 `` same thing , '' clubs grumbled . 
 there was a second cup on the table , along with a bottle of wine . 
 breeze unbuttoned his vest , sighed quietly , and poured himself a cup as he leaned back with his legs up on his bench . 
 clubs sipped his wine . 
 `` you have your cloud up ? '' 
 breeze asked . 
 `` around you ? '' 
 clubs said . 
 `` always . '' 
 breeze smiled , taking a sip , and relaxed . 
 though he rarely had opportunities to use his powers anymore , clubs was a smoker . 
 when he was burning copper , every allomancer 's abilities were invisible to those burning bronze . 
 but more important-at least to breeze-burning copper made clubs immune to any form of emotional allomancy . 
 `` do n't see why that makes you so happy , '' clubs said . 
 `` i thought you liked playing with emotions . '' 
 `` i do , '' breeze said . 
 `` then why come drink with me every night ? '' 
 clubs asked . 
 `` you mind the company ? '' 
 clubs did n't answer . 
 that was pretty much his way of saying he did n't mind . 
 breeze eyed the grumpy general . 
 most of the other crewmembers stayed away from clubs ; kelsier had brought him in at the last moment , since the coppercloud they usually used had died . 
 `` do you know what it 's like , clubs ? '' 
 breeze asked . 
 `` being a soother ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` it gives you remarkable control . 
 it 's a wonderful feeling , being able to influence those around you , always feeling like you have a handle on how people will react . '' 
 `` sounds delightful , '' clubs said flatly . 
 `` and yet , it does things to you . 
 i spend most of my time watching people-tweaking , nudging , and soothing . 
 that 's changed me . 
 i do n't ... look at people the same way . 
 it 's hard to just be friends with someone when you see them as something to be influenced and changed . '' 
 clubs grunted . 
 `` so that 's why we never used to see you with women . '' 
 breeze nodded . 
 `` i ca n't help it anymore . 
 i always touch the emotions of everyone around me . 
 and so , when a woman comes to love me ... '' he liked to think he was n't invasive . 
 yet , how could he trust anyone who said they loved him ? 
 was it he , or his allomancy , that they responded to ? 
 clubs filled his cup . 
 `` you 're a lot sillier than you act . '' 
 breeze smiled . 
 clubs was one of the few people who was completely immune to his touch . 
 emotional allomancy would n't work on him , and he was always completely forthcoming with his emotions : everything made him grumpy . 
 manipulating him through non-allomantic means had proven to be a fruitless waste of time . 
 breeze regarded his wine . 
 `` the amusing thing is , you almost did n't join the crew because of me . '' 
 `` damn soothers , '' clubs muttered . 
 `` but you 're immune to us . '' 
 `` to your allomancy , maybe , '' clubs said . 
 `` but that is n't the only way you people do things . 
 a man always has to watch himself around soothers . '' 
 `` then why let me join you every evening for wine ? '' 
 clubs was silent for a moment , and breeze almost thought he was n't going to respond . 
 finally , clubs muttered , `` you 're not as bad as most . '' 
 breeze took a gulp of wine . 
 `` that is as honest a compliment as i think i 've ever received . '' 
 `` do n't let it ruin you , '' clubs said . 
 `` oh , i think i 'm too late for ruining , '' breeze said , topping off his cup . 
 `` this crew ... kell 's plan ... has already done a thorough job of that . '' 
 clubs nodded in agreement . 
 `` what happened to us , clubs ? '' 
 breeze asked . 
 `` i joined kell for the challenge . 
 i never did know why you joined . '' 
 `` money . '' 
 breeze nodded . 
 `` his plan fell apart , his army got destroyed , and we stayed . 
 then he died , and we still stayed . 
 this blasted kingdom of elend 's is doomed , you know . '' 
 `` we wo n't last another month , '' clubs said . 
 it was n't idle pessimism ; breeze knew people well enough to tell when they were serious . 
 `` and yet , here we are , '' breeze said . 
 `` i spent all day making skaa feel better about the fact that their families had been slaughtered . 
 you spent all day training soldiers that-with or without your help-will barely last a few heartbeats against a determined foe . 
 we follow a boy of a king who does n't seem to have a shade of a clue just how bad his predicament is . 
 why ? '' 
 clubs shook his head . 
 `` kelsier . 
 gave us a city , made us think we were responsible for protecting it . '' 
 `` but we are n't that kind of people , '' breeze said . 
 `` we 're thieves and scammers . 
 we should n't care . 
 i mean ... i 've gotten so bad that i soothe scullery maids so that they 'll have a happier time at work ! 
 i might as well start dressing in pink and carrying around flowers . 
 i could probably make quite a bundle at weddings . '' 
 clubs snorted . 
 then he raised his cup . 
 `` to the survivor , '' he said . 
 `` may he be damned for knowing us better than we knew ourselves . '' 
 breeze raised his own cup . 
 `` damn him , '' he agreed quietly . 
 the two fell silent . 
 talking to clubs tended to turn into ... well , not talking . 
 however , breeze felt a simple contentment . 
 soothing was wonderful ; it made him who he was . 
 but it was also work . 
 even birds could n't fly all the time . 
 `` there you are . '' 
 breeze snapped his eyes open . 
 allrianne stood at the entrance to the room , just at the edge of the table . 
 she wore light blue ; where had she gotten so many dresses ? 
 her makeup was , of course , immaculate-and there was a bow in her hair . 
 that long blond hair-common in the west but almost unheard of in the central dominance-and that perky , inviting figure . 
 desire immediately blossomed inside of him . 
 no ! 
 breeze thought . 
 she 's half your age . 
 you 're a dirty old man . 
 dirty ! 
 `` allrianne , '' he said uncomfortably , `` should n't you be in bed or something ? '' 
 she rolled her eyes , shooing his legs out of the way so she could sit on the bench beside him . 
 `` it 's only nine o'clock , breeze . 
 i 'm eighteen , not ten . '' 
 you might as well be , he thought , looking away from her , trying to focus on something else . 
 he knew that he should be stronger , should n't let the girl get near him , but he did nothing as she slid up to him and took a drink from his cup . 
 he sighed , putting his arm around her shoulders . 
 clubs just shook his head , the hint of a smile on his lips . 
 `` well , '' vin said quietly , `` that answers one question . '' 
 `` mistress ? '' 
 oreseur said , sitting across the table from her in the dark room . 
 with her allomancer 's ears , she could hear exactly what was going on in the next boothlike room over . 
 `` allrianne is an allomancer , '' vin said . 
 `` really ? '' 
 vin nodded . 
 `` she 's been rioting breeze 's emotions ever since she arrived , making him more attracted to her . '' 
 `` one would think that he 'd notice , '' oreseur said . 
 `` you 'd think , '' vin said . 
 she probably should n't feel as amused as she did . 
 the girl could be a mistborn-though the idea of that puff flying through the mists seemed ridiculous . 
 which is probably exactly how she wants me to think , vin thought . 
 i have to remember kliss and shan-neither one of them turned out to be the person i thought they were . 
 `` breeze probably just does n't think his emotions are unnatural , '' vin said . 
 `` he must be attracted to her already . '' 
 oreseur closed his mouth and cocked his head-his dog 's version of a frown . 
 `` i know , '' vin agreed . 
 `` but , at least we know he is n't the one using allomancy to seduce her . 
 either way , that 's irrelevant . 
 clubs is n't the kandra . '' 
 `` how could you possibly know that , mistress ? '' 
 vin paused . 
 clubs always turned his copper on around breeze ; it was one of the few times he used it . 
 however , it was difficult to tell if someone was burning copper . 
 after all , if they turned on their metal , they hid themselves by default . 
 but vin could pierce copperclouds . 
 she could sense allrianne 's rioting ; she could even sense a faint thumping coming from clubs himself , copper 's own allomantic pulse , something that vin suspected few people beyond herself and the lord ruler had ever heard . 
 `` i just know , '' vin said . 
 `` if you say so , mistress , '' oreseur said . 
 `` but ... did n't you already decide the spy was demoux ? '' 
 `` i wanted to check clubs anyway , '' she said . 
 `` before i did anything drastic . '' 
 `` drastic ? '' 
 vin sat quietly for a moment . 
 she did n't have much proof , but she did have her instincts-and those instincts told her demoux was the spy . 
 that sneaking way he 'd gone out the other night ... the obvious logic of choosing him ... it all fit . 
 she stood . 
 things were getting too dangerous , too sensitive . 
 she could n't ignore it any longer . 
 `` come on , '' she said , leaving the booth behind . 
 `` it 's time to put demoux in prison . '' 
 `` what do you mean you lost him ? '' 
 vin asked , standing outside the door to demoux 's room . 
 the servant flushed . 
 `` my lady , i 'm sorry . 
 i watched him , like you told me-but he went out on patrol . 
 should i have followed ? 
 i mean , do n't you think that would have looked suspicious ? '' 
 vin cursed quietly to herself . 
 she knew that she did n't have much right to be angry , however . 
 i should have told ham straight off , she thought with frustration . 
 `` my lady , he only left a few minutes ago , '' the servant said . 
 vin glanced at oreseur , then took off down the corridor . 
 as soon as they reached a window , vin leaped out into the dark night , oreseur following behind her , dropping the short distance to the courtyard . 
 last time , i saw him come back in through the gates to the palace grounds , she thought , running through the mist . 
 she found a couple of soldiers there , guarding . 
 `` did captain demoux come this way ? '' 
 she demanded , bursting into their ring of torchlight . 
 they perked up , at first shocked , then confused . 
 `` lady heir ? '' 
 one of them said . 
 `` yes , he just went out , on patrol just a minute or two ago . '' 
 `` by himself ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 they nodded . 
 `` is n't that a little odd ? '' 
 they shrugged . 
 `` he goes by himself sometimes , '' one said . 
 `` we do n't question . 
 he 's our superior , after all . '' 
 `` which way ? '' 
 vin demanded . 
 one pointed , and vin took off , oreseur at her side . 
 i should have watched better . 
 i should have hired real spies to keep an eye on him . 
 i should have - she froze . 
 up ahead , walking down a quite street in the mists , was a figure , walking into the city . 
 demoux . 
 vin dropped a coin and threw herself into the air , passing far over his head , landing on top of a building . 
 he continued , oblivious . 
 demoux or kandra , neither would have allomantic powers . 
 vin paused , daggers out , ready to spring . 
 but ... she still did n't have any real proof . 
 the part of her that kelsier had transformed , the part that had come to trust , thought of the demoux she knew . 
 do i really believe he 's the kandra ? 
 she thought . 
 or do i just want him to be the kandra , so that i do n't have to suspect my real friends ? 
 he continued to walk below , her tin-enhanced ears easily picking out his footfalls . 
 behind , oreseur scrambled up onto the top of the roof , then padded over and sat down beside her . 
 i ca n't just attack , she thought . 
 i need to at least watch , see where he 's going . 
 get proof . 
 perhaps learn something in the process . 
 she waved to oreseur , and they quietly followed along the rooftops , trailing demoux . 
 soon , vin noticed something odd-a flicker of firelight illuminating the mists a few streets over , making haunted shadows of buildings . 
 vin glanced at demoux , trailing him with her eyes as he wandered down an alleyway , moving toward the illumination . 
 what ... ? 
 vin threw herself off the roof . 
 it took only three bounds for her to reach the source of the light . 
 a modest bonfire crackled in the center of a small square . 
 skaa huddled around it for warmth , looking a little frightened in the mists . 
 vin was surprised to see them . 
 she had n't seen skaa go out in the mists since the night of the collapse . 
 demoux approached down a side street , greeting several of the others . 
 in the firelight she could confirm for certain that it was him-or , at least , a kandra with his face . 
 there were , perhaps , two hundred people in the square . 
 demoux moved as if to sit on the cobblestones , but someone quickly approached with a chair . 
 a young woman brought him a mug of something steaming , which he received gratefully . 
 vin leaped to a rooftop , staying low to keep from being exposed by the firelight . 
 more skaa arrived , mostly in groups , but some brave individuals came alone . 
 a sound came from behind her , and vin turned as oreseur-apparently having barely made the jump-scrambled the last few feet over the edge onto the roof . 
 he glanced down at the street below , shook his head , then padded over to join her . 
 she raised a finger to her lips , nodding down at the growing group of people . 
 oreseur cocked his head at the sight , but said nothing . 
 finally , demoux stood , holding the still steaming cup in his hands . 
 people gathered around , sitting on the cold cobblestones , huddled beneath blankets or cloaks . 
 `` we should n't fear the mists , my friends , '' demoux said . 
 his was n't the voice of a strong leader or forceful battle commander-it was the voice of hardened youth , a little hesitant , but compelling nonetheless . 
 `` the survivor taught us of this , '' he continued . 
 `` i know it 's very hard to think of the mists without remembering stories of mistwraiths or other horrors . 
 but , the survivor gave the mists to us . 
 we should try and remember him , through them . '' 
 lord ruler ... vin thought with shock . 
 he 's one of them-a member of the church of the survivor ! 
 she wavered , uncertain what to think . 
 was he the kandra or was n't he ? 
 why would the kandra meet with a group of people like this ? 
 but ... why would demoux himself do it ? 
 `` i know it 's hard , '' demoux said below , `` without the survivor . 
 i know you 're afraid of the armies . 
 trust me , i know . 
 i see them too . 
 i know you suffer beneath this siege . 
 i. . . 
 do n't know if i can even tell you not to worry . 
 the survivor himself knew great hardship-the death of his wife , his imprisonment in the pits of hathsin . 
 but he survived . 
 that 's the point , is n't it ? 
 we have to live on , no matter how hard this all gets . 
 we 'll win , in the end . 
 just like he did . '' 
 he stood with his mug in his hands , looking nothing like the skaa preachers vin had seen . 
 kelsier had chosen a passionate man to found his religion-or , more precisely , to found the revolution the religion had come from . 
 kelsier had needed leaders who could enflame supporters , whip them up into a destructive upheaval . 
 demoux was something different . 
 he did n't shout , but spoke calmly . 
 yet , people paid attention . 
 they sat on the stones around him , looking up with hopeful-even worshipful-eyes . 
 `` the lady heir , '' one of them whispered . 
 `` what of her ? '' 
 `` lady vin bears a great responsibility , '' demoux said . 
 `` you can see the weight bowing her down , and how frustrated she is with the problems in the city . 
 she is a straightforward woman , and i do n't think she likes the assembly 's politicking . '' 
 `` but , she 'll protect us , right ? '' 
 one asked . 
 `` yes , '' demoux said . 
 `` yes , i believe she will . 
 sometimes , i think that she 's even more powerful than the survivor was . 
 you know that he only had two years to practice as a mistborn ? 
 she 's barely had that much time herself . '' 
 vin turned away . 
 it comes back to that , she thought . 
 they sound rational until they talk about me , and then ... `` she 'll bring us peace , someday , '' demoux said . 
 `` the heir will bring back the sun , stop the ash from falling . 
 but we have to survive until then . 
 and we have to fight . 
 the survivor 's entire work was to see the lord ruler dead and make us free . 
 what gratitude do we show if we run now that armies have come ? 
 `` go and tell your assemblymen that you do n't want lord cett , or even lord penrod , to be your king . 
 the vote happens in one day , and we need to make certain the right man is made king . 
 the survivor chose elend venture , and that is whom we must follow . '' 
 that 's new , vin thought . 
 `` lord elend is weak , '' one of the people said . 
 `` he wo n't defend us . '' 
 `` lady vin loves him , '' demoux said . 
 `` she would n't love a weak man . 
 penrod and cett treat you like the skaa used to be treated , and that 's why you think they 're strong . 
 but that 's not strength-it 's oppression . 
 we have to be better than that ! 
 we have to trust the survivor 's judgment ! '' 
 vin relaxed against the lip of the roof , tension melting a bit . 
 if demoux really was the spy , then he was n't going to give her any evidence this night . 
 so , she put her knives away , then rested with her arms folded on the rooftop 's edge . 
 the fire crackled in the cool winter evening , sending billows of smoke to mix with the mists , and demoux continued to speak in his quiet , reassuring voice , teaching the people about kelsier . 
 it 's not even really a religion , vin thought as she listened . 
 the theology is so simple-not at all like the complex beliefs that sazed speaks about . 
 demoux taught basic concepts . 
 he held up kelsier as a model , talking about survival , and about enduring hardships . 
 vin could see why the direct words would appeal to the skaa . 
 the people really only had two choices : to struggle on , or to give up . 
 demoux 's teachings gave them an excuse to keep living . 
 the skaa did n't need rituals , prayers , or codes . 
 not yet . 
 they were too inexperienced with religion in general , too frightened of it , to want such things . 
 but , the more she listened , the more vin understood the church of the survivor . 
 it was what they needed ; it took what the skaa already knew-a life filled with hardship-and elevated it to a higher , more optimistic plane . 
 and the teachings were still evolving . 
 the deification of kelsier she had expected ; even the reverence for her was understandable . 
 but , where did demoux get the promises that vin would stop the ash and bring back the sun ? 
 how did he know to preach of green grasses and blue skies , describing the world as it was known only in some of the world 's most obscure texts ? 
 he described a strange world of colors and beauty-a place foreign and difficult to conceive , but somehow wonderful all the same . 
 flowers and green plants were strange , alien things to these people ; even vin had trouble visualizing them , and she had heard sazed 's descriptions . 
 demoux was giving the skaa a paradise . 
 it had to be something completely removed from normal experience , for the mundane world was not a place of hope . 
 not with a foodless winter approaching , not with armies threatening and the government in turmoil . 
 vin pulled back as demoux finally ended the meeting . 
 she lay for a moment , trying to decide how she felt . 
 she 'd been near certain about demoux , but now her suspicions seemed unfounded . 
 he 'd gone out at night , true , but she saw now what he was doing . 
 plus , he 'd acted so suspiciously when sneaking out . 
 it seemed to her , as she reflected , that a kandra would know how to go about things in a much more natural way . 
 it 's not him , she thought . 
 or , if it is , he 's not going to be as easy to unmask as i thought . 
 she frowned in frustration . 
 finally , she just sighed , rising , and walked to the other side of the roof . 
 oreseur followed , and vin glanced at him . 
 `` when kelsier told you to take his body , '' she said , `` what did he want you to preach to these people ? '' 
 `` mistress ? '' 
 oreseur asked . 
 `` he had you appear , as if you were him returned from the grave . '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` well , what did he have you say ? '' 
 oreseur shrugged . 
 `` very simple things , mistress . 
 i told them that the time for rebellion had arrived . 
 i told them that i-kelsier-had returned to give them hope for victory . '' 
 i represent that thing you 've never been able to kill , no matter how hard you try . 
 they had been kelsier 's final words , spoken face-to-face with the lord ruler . 
 i am hope . 
 i am hope . 
 was it any wonder that this concept would become central to the church that sprang up around him ? 
 `` did he have you teach things like we just heard demoux say ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 `` about the ash no longer falling , and the sun turning yellow ? '' 
 `` no , mistress . '' 
 `` that 's what i thought , '' vin said as she heard rustling on the stones below . 
 she glanced over the side of the building , and saw demoux returning to the palace . 
 vin dropped to the alleyway floor behind him . 
 to the man 's credit , he heard her , and he spun , hand on dueling cane . 
 `` peace , captain , '' she said , rising . 
 `` lady vin ? '' 
 he asked with surprise . 
 she nodded , approaching closer so that he 'd be able to see her better in the night . 
 fading torchlight still lit the air from behind , swirls of mist playing with shadows . 
 `` i did n't know you were a member of the church of the survivor , '' she said softly . 
 he looked down . 
 though he was easily two hands taller than she , he seemed to shrink a bit before her . 
 `` i. . . 
 i know it makes you uncomfortable . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` it 's all right , '' she said . 
 `` you do a good thing for the people . 
 elend will appreciate hearing of your loyalty . '' 
 demoux looked up . 
 `` do you have to tell him ? '' 
 `` he needs to know what the people believe , captain . 
 why would you want me to keep it quiet ? '' 
 demoux sighed . 
 `` i just ... i do n't want the crew to think i 'm out here pandering to the people . 
 ham thinks preaching about the survivor is silly , and lord breeze says the only reason to encourage the church is to make people more pliant . '' 
 vin regarded him in the darkness . 
 `` you really believe , do n't you ? '' 
 `` yes , my lady . '' 
 `` but you knew kelsier , '' she said . 
 `` you were with us from near the beginning . 
 you know he 's no god . '' 
 demoux looked up , a bit of a challenge in his eyes . 
 `` he died to overthrow the lord ruler . '' 
 `` that does n't make him divine . '' 
 `` he taught us how to survive , to have hope . '' 
 `` you survived before , '' vin said . 
 `` people had hope before kelsier got thrown in those pits . '' 
 `` not like we do now , '' demoux said . 
 `` besides ... he had power , my lady . 
 i felt it . '' 
 vin paused . 
 she knew the story ; kelsier had used demoux as an example to the rest of the army in a fight with a skeptic , directing his blows with allomancy , making demoux seem as if he had supernatural powers . 
 `` oh , i know about allomancy now , '' demoux said . 
 `` but ... i felt him pushing on my sword that day . 
 i felt him use me , making me more than i was . 
 i think i can still feel him , sometimes . 
 strengthening my arm , guiding my blade ... '' vin frowned . 
 `` do you remember the first time we met ? '' 
 demoux nodded . 
 `` yes . 
 you came to the caverns where we were hiding on the day when the army was destroyed . 
 i was on guard duty . 
 you know , my lady-even then , i knew that kelsier would come for us . 
 i knew that he 'd come and get those of us who had been faithful and guide us back to luthadel . '' 
 he went to those caves because i forced him to . 
 he wanted to get himself killed fighting an army on his own . 
 `` the destruction of the army was a test , '' demoux said , looking up into the mists . 
 `` these armies ... the siege ... they 're just tests . 
 to see if we will survive or not . '' 
 `` and the ash ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 `` where did you hear that it would stop falling ? '' 
 demoux turned back to her . 
 `` the survivor taught that , did n't he ? '' 
 vin shook her head . 
 `` a lot of the people are saying it , '' demoux said . 
 `` it must be true . 
 it fits with everything else-the yellow sun , the blue sky , the plants ... '' `` yes , but where did you first hear those things ? '' 
 `` i 'm not sure , my lady . '' 
 where did you hear that i would be the one to bring them about ? 
 she thought , but she somehow could n't bring herself to voice the question . 
 regardless , she knew the answer : demoux would n't know . 
 rumors were propagating . 
 it would be difficult indeed to trace them back to their source now . 
 `` go back to the palace , '' vin said . 
 `` i have to tell elend what i saw , but i 'll ask him not to tell the rest of the crew . '' 
 `` thank you , my lady , '' demoux said , bowing . 
 he turned and hurried away . 
 a second later , vin heard a thump from behind : oreseur , jumping down to the street . 
 she turned . 
 `` i was sure it was him . '' 
 `` mistress ? '' 
 `` the kandra , '' vin said , turning back toward the disappearing demoux . 
 `` i thought i 'd discovered him . '' 
 `` and ? '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` it 's like dockson-i think demoux knows too much to be faking . 
 he feels ... real to me . '' 
 `` my brethren - '' `` are quite skilled , '' vin said with a sigh . 
 `` yes , i know . 
 but we 're not going to arrest him . 
 not tonight , at least . 
 we 'll keep an eye on him , but i just do n't think it 's him anymore . '' 
 oreseur nodded . 
 `` come on , '' she said . 
 `` i want to check on elend . '' 
 and so , i come to the focus of my argument . 
 i apologize . 
 even forcing my words into steel , sitting and scratching in this frozen cave , i am prone to ramble . 
 37 sazed glanced at the window shutters , noting the hesitant beams of light that were beginning to shine through the cracks . 
 morning already ? 
 he thought . 
 we studied all night ? 
 it hardly seemed possible . 
 he had tapped no wakefulness , yet he felt more alert-more alive-than he had in days . 
 tindwyl sat in the chair beside him . 
 sazed 's desk was filled with loose papers , two sets of ink and pen waiting to be used . 
 there were no books ; keepers had no need of such . 
 `` ah ! '' 
 tindwyl said , grabbing a pen and beginning to write . 
 she did n't look tired either , but she had likely dipped into her bronzemind , tapping the wakefulness stored within . 
 sazed watched her write . 
 she almost looked young again ; he had n't seen such overt excitement in her since she had been abandoned by the breeders some ten years before . 
 on that day , her grand work finished , she had finally joined her fellow keepers . 
 sazed had been the one to present her with the collected knowledge that had been discovered during her thirty years of cloistered childbirth . 
 it had n't taken her long to achieve a place in the synod . 
 by then , however , sazed had been ousted from their ranks . 
 tindwyl finished writing . 
 `` the passage is from a biography of king wednegon , '' she said . 
 `` he was one of the last leaders who resisted the lord ruler in any sort of meaningful combat . '' 
 `` i know who he was , '' sazed said , smiling . 
 she paused . 
 `` of course . '' 
 she obviously was n't accustomed to studying with someone who had access to as much information as she did . 
 she pushed the written passage over to sazed ; even with his mental indexes and self-notes , it would be faster for her to write out the passage than it would be for him to try and find it within his own copperminds . 
 i spent a great deal of time with the king during his final weeks , the text read . 
 he seemed frustrated , as one might imagine . 
 his soldiers could not stand against the conqueror 's koloss , and his men had been beaten back repeatedly ever since fellspire . 
 however , the king did n't blame his soldiers . 
 he thought that his problems came from another source : food . 
 he mentioned this idea several times during those last days . 
 he thought that if he 'd had more food , he could have held out . 
 in this , wednegon blamed the deepness . 
 for , though the deepness had been defeated-or at least weakened-its touch had depleted darrelnai 's food stores . 
 his people could not both raise food and resist the conqueror 's demon armies . 
 in the end , that was why they fell . 
 sazed nodded slowly . 
 `` how much of this text do we have ? '' 
 `` not much , '' tindwyl said . 
 `` six or seven pages . 
 this is the only section that mentions the deepness . '' 
 sazed sat quietly for a moment , rereading the passage . 
 finally , he looked up at tindwyl . 
 `` you think lady vin is right , do n't you ? 
 you think the deepness was mist . '' 
 tindwyl nodded . 
 `` i agree , '' sazed said . 
 `` at the very least , what we now call ` the deepness ' was some sort of change in the mist . '' 
 `` and your arguments from before ? '' 
 `` proven wrong , '' sazed said , setting down the paper . 
 `` by your words and my own studies . 
 i did not wish this to be true , tindwyl . '' 
 tindwyl raised an eyebrow . 
 `` you defied the synod again to seek after something you did n't even want to believe ? '' 
 he looked into her eyes . 
 `` there is a difference between fearing something and desiring it . 
 the return of the deepness could destroy us . 
 i did not want this information-but neither could i pass by the opportunity to discover it . '' 
 tindwyl looked away . 
 `` i do not believe that this will destroy us , sazed . 
 you have made a grand discovery , that i will admit . 
 the writings of the man kwaan tell us much . 
 indeed , if the deepness was the mists , then our understanding of the lord ruler 's ascension has been enhanced greatly . '' 
 `` and if the mists are growing stronger ? '' 
 sazed asked . 
 `` if , by killing the lord ruler , we also destroyed whatever force was keeping the mists chained ? '' 
 `` we have no proof that the mists are coming by day , '' tindwyl said . 
 `` and on the possibility of them killing people , we have only your hesitant theories . '' 
 sazed glanced away . 
 on the table , his fingers had smudged tindwyl 's hurriedly written words . 
 `` that is true , '' he said . 
 tindwyl sighed softly in the dim room . 
 `` why do you never defend yourself , sazed ? '' 
 `` what defense is there ? '' 
 `` there must be some . 
 you apologize and ask forgiveness , but your apparent guilt never seems to change your behavior ! 
 do you never think that , perhaps , if you had been more outspoken , you might be leading the synod ? 
 they cast you out because you refused to offer arguments on your own behalf . 
 you 're the most contrite rebel i 've ever known . '' 
 sazed did n't respond . 
 he glanced to the side , seeing her concerned eyes . 
 beautiful eyes . 
 foolish thoughts , he told himself , looking away . 
 you 've always known that . 
 some things were meant for others , but never for you . 
 `` you were right about the lord ruler , sazed , '' tindwyl said . 
 `` perhaps the others would have followed you if you had been just a little more ... insistent . '' 
 sazed shook his head . 
 `` i am not a man from one of your biographies , tindwyl . 
 i am not even , really , a man . '' 
 `` you are a better man than they , sazed , '' tindwyl said quietly . 
 `` the frustrating part is , i 've never been able to figure out why . '' 
 they fell silent . 
 sazed rose and walked to the window , opening the shutters , letting in the light . 
 then he extinguished the room 's lamp . 
 `` i will leave today , '' tindwyl said . 
 `` leave ? '' 
 sazed asked . 
 `` the armies might not let you pass . '' 
 `` i was n't going to pass them , sazed . 
 i plan to visit them . 
 i have given knowledge to young lord venture ; i need to offer the same aid to his opponents . '' 
 `` ah , '' sazed said . 
 `` i see . 
 i should have realized this . '' 
 `` i doubt they will listen as he has , '' tindwyl said , a hint of fondness slipping into her voice . 
 `` venture is a fine man . '' 
 `` a fine king , '' sazed said . 
 tindwyl did n't respond . 
 she looked at the table , with its scattered notations , each drawn from one or another of their copperminds , scribbled in haste , then shown and reread . 
 what was this night , then ? 
 this night of study , this night sharing thoughts and discoveries ? 
 she was still beautiful . 
 auburn hair graying , but kept long and straight . 
 face marked by a lifetime of hardship that had not broken her . 
 and eyes ... keen eyes , with the knowledge and love of learning that only a keeper could claim . 
 i should not consider these things , sazed thought again . 
 there is no purpose to them . 
 there never was . 
 `` you must go , then , '' he said , turning . 
 `` again , you refuse to argue , '' she said . 
 `` what would be the point of argument ? 
 you are a wise and determined person . 
 you must be guided by your own conscience . '' 
 `` sometimes , people only seem determined upon one course because they have been offered no other options . '' 
 sazed turned toward her . 
 the room was quiet , the only sounds coming from the courtyard below . 
 tindwyl sat half in sunlight , her bright robes slowly growing more illuminated as the shadows fell away . 
 she seemed to be implying something , something he had not expected to ever hear from her . 
 `` i am confused , '' he said , sitting back down in a slow motion . 
 `` what of your duty as a keeper ? '' 
 `` it is important , '' she admitted . 
 `` but ... certain , occasional exceptions must be allowed . 
 this rubbing you found ... well , perhaps it merits further study before i depart . '' 
 sazed watched her , trying to read her eyes . 
 what is it i feel ? 
 he wondered . 
 confused ? 
 dumbfounded ? 
 afraid ? 
 `` i can not be what you wish , tindwyl , '' he said . 
 `` i am not a man . '' 
 she waved her hand indifferently . 
 `` i have had more than enough of ` men ' and childbearing over the years , sazed . 
 i have done my duty to the terris people . 
 i should like to stay away from them for a time , i think . 
 a part of me resents them , for what was done to me . '' 
 he opened his mouth to speak , but she held up a hand . 
 `` i know , sazed . 
 i took that duty upon myself , and am glad for my service . 
 but ... during the years spent alone , meeting with the keepers only on occasion , i found it frustrating that all their planning seemed to be directed at maintaining their status as a conquered people . 
 `` i only ever saw one man pushing the synod toward active measures . 
 while they planned how to keep themselves hidden , one man wanted to attack . 
 while they decided the best ways to foil the breeders , one man wanted to plot the downfall of the final empire . 
 when i rejoined my people , i found that man still fighting . 
 alone . 
 condemned for fraternizing with thieves and rebels , he quietly accepted his punishment . '' 
 she smiled . 
 `` that man went on to free us all . '' 
 she took his hand . 
 sazed sat , astonished . 
 `` the men i read about , sazed , '' tindwyl said quietly , `` these were not men who sat and planned the best ways to hide . 
 they fought ; they sought victory . 
 sometimes , they were reckless-and other men called them fools . 
 yet , when the dice were cast and the bodies counted , they were men who changed things . '' 
 sunlight entered the room in full , and she sat , cupping his hand in hers . 
 she seemed ... anxious . 
 had he ever seen that emotion in her ? 
 she was strong , the strongest woman he knew . 
 that could n't possibly be apprehension he saw in her eyes . 
 `` give me an excuse , sazed , '' she whispered . 
 `` i should ... very much like it if you stayed , '' sazed said , one hand in hers , the other resting on the tabletop , fingers trembling slightly . 
 tindwyl raised an eyebrow . 
 `` stay , '' sazed said . 
 `` please . '' 
 tindwyl smiled . 
 `` very well-you have persuaded me . 
 let us return to our studies , then . '' 
 elend walked the top of the city wall in the morning light , sword at his hip clicking against the side of the stonework with each step . 
 `` you almost look like a king , '' a voice noted . 
 elend turned as ham climbed the last few steps up to the wall walk . 
 the air was brisk , frost still crystalline in shadows on the stone . 
 winter was approaching . 
 perhaps it had arrived . 
 yet , ham wore no cloak-only his usual vest , trousers , and sandals . 
 i wonder if he even knows what it is like to be cold , elend thought . 
 pewter . 
 such an amazing talent . 
 `` you say i nearly look like a king , '' elend said , turning to continue walking along the wall as ham joined him . 
 `` i guess tindwyl 's clothing has done wonders for my image . '' 
 `` i did n't mean the clothing , '' ham said . 
 `` i was talking about that look on your face . 
 how long have you been up here ? '' 
 `` hours , '' elend said . 
 `` how did you find me ? '' 
 `` the soldiers , '' ham said . 
 `` they 're starting to see you as a commander , elend . 
 they watch where you are ; they stand a little straighter when you 're around , polish their weapons if they know you 'll be stopping by . '' 
 `` i thought you did n't spend much time with them , '' elend said . 
 `` oh , i never said that , '' ham said . 
 `` i spend lots of time with the soldiers-i just ca n't be intimidating enough to be their commander . 
 kelsier always wanted me to be a general-i think , deep down , he thought that befriending people was inferior to leading them . 
 perhaps he was right ; men need leaders . 
 i just do n't want to be one of them . '' 
 `` i do , '' elend said , surprised to hear himself say so . 
 ham shrugged . 
 `` that 's probably a good thing . 
 you are , after all , king . '' 
 `` kind of , '' elend said . 
 `` you 're still wearing the crown . '' 
 elend nodded . 
 `` it felt wrong to go without it . 
 it sounds silly , i know-i only wore it for a short time . 
 but , people need to know that someone is still in charge . 
 for a few more days at least . '' 
 they continued to walk . 
 in the distance , elend could see a shadow upon the land : the third army had finally arrived in the wake of the refugees it had sent . 
 their scouts were n't certain why the koloss force had taken so long to get to luthadel . 
 the villagers ' sad tale , however , gave some clue . 
 the koloss had not attacked straff or cett . 
 they lay waiting . 
 apparently , jastes had enough control over them to keep them in check . 
 and so they joined the siege , another beast waiting for the opportunity to spring on luthadel . 
 when you ca n't have both freedom and safety , which do you choose ... ? 
 `` you seem surprised to realize that you want to be in charge , '' ham said . 
 `` i just have n't ever voiced the desire before , '' elend said . 
 `` it sounds so arrogant , when i actually say it . 
 i want to be king . 
 i do n't want another man to take my place . 
 not penrod , not cett ... not anyone . 
 the position is mine . 
 this city is mine . '' 
 `` i do n't know if ` arrogant ' is the right word , el , '' ham said . 
 `` why do you want to be king ? '' 
 `` to protect this people , '' elend said . 
 `` to guard their safety-and their rights . 
 but , also to make certain that the noblemen do n't end up on the wrong end of another rebellion . '' 
 `` that 's not arrogance . '' 
 `` it is , ham , '' elend said . 
 `` but it 's an understandable arrogance . 
 i do n't think a man could lead without it . 
 actually , i think it 's what i 've been missing through most of my reign . 
 arrogance . '' 
 `` self-confidence . '' 
 `` a nicer word for the same concept , '' elend said . 
 `` i can do a better job for this people than another man could . 
 i just have to find a way to prove that fact to them . '' 
 `` you will . '' 
 `` you 're an optimist , ham , '' elend said . 
 `` so are you , '' ham noted . 
 elend smiled . 
 `` true . 
 but this job is changing me . '' 
 `` well , if you want to keep the job , we should probably get back to studying . 
 we only have one day left . '' 
 elend shook his head . 
 `` i 've read all i can , ham . 
 i will not take advantage of the law , so there 's no reason to search for loopholes , and studying other books looking for inspiration just is n't working . 
 i need time to think . 
 time to walk ... '' they continued to do so . 
 as they did , elend noticed something out in the distance . 
 a group of enemy soldiers doing something he could n't distinguish . 
 he waved over one of his men . 
 `` what is that ? '' 
 he asked . 
 the soldier shaded his eyes , looking . 
 `` looks like another skirmish between cett 's men and straff 's , your majesty . '' 
 elend raised an eyebrow . 
 `` that happens often ? '' 
 the soldier shrugged . 
 `` more and more often , lately . 
 usually the scouting patrols run afoul of each other and get into a conflict . 
 leave a few bodies behind when they retreat . 
 nothing big , your majesty . '' 
 elend nodded , dismissing the man . 
 big enough , he thought to himself . 
 those armies must be as tense as we are . 
 the soldiers ca n't enjoy remaining so long in a siege , particularly with the winter weather . 
 they were close . 
 the arrival of the koloss would only cause more chaos . 
 if he shoved right , straff and cett would be pushed into a head-on battle . 
 i just need a little more time ! 
 he thought , continuing to walk , ham at his side . 
 yet , first he needed to get his throne back . 
 without that authority , he was nothing-and could do nothing . 
 the problem gnawed at his mind . 
 as the walk continued , however , something distracted him-this time , something inside the walls rather than outside of them . 
 ham was right-the soldiers did stand a little taller when elend approached their posts . 
 they saluted him , and he nodded to them , walking with hand on pommel , as tindwyl had instructed . 
 if i do keep my throne , i owe it to that woman , he thought . 
 of course , she 'd chastise him for that thought . 
 she would tell him that he kept his throne because he deserved to-because he was king . 
 in changing himself , he had simply used the resources at hand to overcome his challenges . 
 he was n't certain if he 'd ever be able to see things that way . 
 but , her final lesson to him the day before-he somehow knew that it was her last-had taught him only one new concept : that there was no one mold for kingship . 
 he would not be like the kings of the past , any more than he would be like kelsier . 
 he would be elend venture . 
 his roots were in philosophy , so he would be remembered as a scholar . 
 he 'd best use that to his advantage , or he would n't be remembered at all . 
 no kings could admit their weaknesses , but they were certainly wise to admit their strengths . 
 and what are my strengths ? 
 he thought . 
 why should i be the one who rules this city , and those around it ? 
 yes , he was a scholar-and an optimist , as ham had noted . 
 he was no master duelist , though he was improving . 
 he was n't an excellent diplomat , though his meetings with straff and cett proved that he could hold his own . 
 what was he ? 
 a nobleman who loved the skaa . 
 they 'd always fascinated him , even before the collapse-before he 'd met vin and the others . 
 it had been one of his pet philosophical puzzles to try and prove them no different from men of noble birth . 
 it sounded idealistic , even a little prim , when he thought about it-and , if he was truthful , much of his interest in the skaa before the collapse had been academic . 
 they had been unknown , and so they had seemed exotic and interesting . 
 he smiled . 
 i wonder what the plantation workers would have thought , had anyone told them they were `` exotic . '' 
 but then the collapse had come-the rebellion predicted in his books and theories coming to life . 
 his beliefs had n't been able to continue as mere academic abstractions . 
 and he 'd come to know the skaa-not just vin and the crew , but the workers and the servants . 
 he 'd seen the hope beginning to grow within them . 
 he 'd seen the awakening of self-respect , and of self-worth , in the people of the city , and it excited him . 
 he would not abandon them . 
 that 's what i am , elend thought , pausing as he walked the wall . 
 an idealist . 
 a melodramatic idealist who , despite his books and learning , never did make a very good nobleman . 
 `` what ? '' 
 ham asked , stopping next to him . 
 elend turned toward him . 
 `` i 've got an idea , '' he said . 
 this is the problem . 
 though i believed in alendi at first , i later became suspicious . 
 it seemed that he fit the signs , true . 
 but , well , how can i explain this ? 
 could it be that he fit them too well ? 
 38 how can he possibly look so confident when i feel so nervous ? 
 vin thought , standing beside elend as the assembly hall began to fill . 
 they had arrived early ; this time , elend said he wanted to appear in control by being the one who greeted each assemblyman as he arrived . 
 today , the vote for king would occur . 
 vin and elend stood on the stage , nodding to the assemblymen as they entered through the room 's side door . 
 on the floor of the room , the benches were already growing crowded . 
 the first few rows , as always , were seeded with guards . 
 `` you look beautiful today , '' elend said , looking at vin . 
 vin shrugged . 
 she had worn her white gown , a flowing garment with a few diaphanous layers on the top . 
 like the others , it was designed for mobility , and it matched elend 's new outfits-especially with the dark embroidery on the sleeves . 
 her jewelry was gone , but she did have a few white wooden barrettes for her hair . 
 `` it 's odd , '' she said , `` how quickly wearing these gowns became natural for me again . '' 
 `` i 'm glad you made the switch , '' elend said . 
 `` the trousers and shirt are you ... but this is you , too . 
 the part of you i remember from the balls , when we barely knew each other . '' 
 vin smiled wistfully , looking up at him , the gathering crowd growing a bit more distant . 
 `` you never did dance with me . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' he said , holding her arm with a light touch . 
 `` we have n't had much time for each other lately , have we ? '' 
 vin shook her head . 
 `` i 'll fix that , '' elend said . 
 `` once this confusion is all through , once the throne is secure , we can get back to us . '' 
 vin nodded , then turned sharply as she noticed movement behind her . 
 an assemblyman walking across the stage . 
 `` you 're jumpy , '' elend said , frowning slightly . 
 `` even more than usual . 
 what am i missing ? '' 
 vin shook her head . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 elend greeted the assemblyman-one of the skaa representatives-with a firm handshake . 
 vin stood at his side , her earlier wistfulness evaporating like mist as her mind returned to the moment . 
 what is bothering me ? 
 the room was packed-everyone wanted to witness the events of the day . 
 elend had been forced to post guards at the doors to maintain order . 
 but , it was n't just the number of people that made her edgy . 
 it was a sense of ... wrongness to the event . 
 people were gathering like carrion feeders to a rotting carcass . 
 `` this is n't right , '' vin said , holding elend 's arm as the assemblyman moved off . 
 `` governments should n't change hands based on arguments made from a lectern . '' 
 `` just because it has n't happened that way in the past does n't mean it should n't happen , '' elend said . 
 vin shook her head . 
 `` something is going to go wrong , elend . 
 cett will surprise you , and maybe penrod will , too . 
 men like them wo n't sit still and let a vote decide their future . '' 
 `` i know , '' elend said . 
 `` but they are n't the only ones who can offer up surprises . '' 
 vin looked at him quizzically . 
 `` you 're planning something ? '' 
 he paused , then glanced at her . 
 `` i. . . 
 well , ham and i came up with something last night . 
 a ploy . 
 i 've been trying to find a way to talk to you about it , but there just has n't been time . 
 we had to move quickly . '' 
 vin frowned , sensing his apprehension . 
 she started to say something , but then stopped , studying his eyes . 
 he seemed a little embarrassed . 
 `` what ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` well ... it kind of involves you , and your reputation . 
 i was going to ask permission , but ... '' vin felt a slight chill . 
 behind them , the last assemblyman took his seat , and penrod stood up to conduct the meeting . 
 he glanced toward elend , clearing his throat . 
 elend cursed quietly . 
 `` look , i do n't have time to explain , '' he said . 
 `` but , it 's really not a big deal-it might not even get me that many votes . 
 but , well , i had to try . 
 and it does n't change anything . 
 between us , i mean . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` lord venture ? '' 
 penrod said . 
 `` are you ready for this meeting to begin ? '' 
 the hall grew quiet . 
 vin and elend still stood in the center of the stage , between the lectern and the seats of the assembly members . 
 she looked at him , torn between a sense of dread , a sense of confusion , and a slight sense of betrayal . 
 why did n't you tell me ? 
 she thought . 
 how can i be ready if you do n't tell me what you 're planning ? 
 and ... why are you looking at me like that ? 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' elend said , moving over to take his seat . 
 vin remained standing alone before the audience . 
 once , so much attention would have terrified her . 
 it still made her uncomfortable . 
 she ducked her head slightly , walking toward the back benches and her empty spot . 
 ham was n't there . 
 vin frowned , turning as penrod opened the proceedings . 
 there , she thought , finding ham in the audience , sitting calmly with a group of skaa . 
 the group was obviously conversing quietly , but even with tin , vin would never be able to pick out their voices in the large crowd . 
 breeze stood with some of ham 's soldiers at the back of the room . 
 it did n't matter if they knew about elend 's plan-they were too far away for her to interrogate them . 
 annoyed , she arranged her skirts , then sat . 
 she had n't felt so blind since ... since that night a year ago , she thought , that moment just before we figured out kelsier 's true plan , that moment when i thought everything was collapsing around me . 
 perhaps that was a good sign . 
 had elend cooked up some last-minute flash of political brilliance ? 
 it did n't really matter that he had n't shared it with her ; she probably would n't understand the legal basis for it anyway . 
 but ... he always shared his plans with me before . 
 penrod continued to drone on , likely maximizing his time in front of the assembly . 
 cett was on the front bench of the audience , surrounded by a good twenty soldiers , sitting with a look of self-satisfaction . 
 as well he should . 
 from the accounts she 'd heard , cett stood to take the vote with ease . 
 but what was elend planning ? 
 penrod will vote for himself , vin thought . 
 so will elend . 
 that leaves twenty-two votes . 
 the merchants are behind cett , and so are the skaa . 
 they 're too afraid of that army to vote for anyone else . 
 that only leaves the nobility . 
 some of them will vote for penrod-he 's the strongest nobleman in the city ; many of the members of the assembly are longtime political allies of his . 
 but , even if he takes half of the nobility-which he probably wo n't - cett will win . 
 cett only needs a two-thirds majority to get the throne . 
 eight merchants , eight skaa . 
 sixteen men on cett 's side . 
 he was going to win . 
 what could elend possibly do ? 
 penrod finally finished his opening announcements . 
 `` but , before we vote , '' he said , `` i would like to offer time to the candidates to make any final addresses they wish . 
 lord cett , would you care to go first ? '' 
 in the audience , cett shook his head . 
 `` i 've made my offers and my threats , penrod . 
 you all know you have to vote for me . '' 
 vin frowned . 
 he seemed certain of himself , and yet ... she scanned the crowd , eyes falling on ham . 
 he was talking to captain demoux . 
 and seated next to them was one of the men who had followed her in the market . 
 a priest of the survivor . 
 vin turned , studying the assembly . 
 the skaa representatives looked uncomfortable . 
 she glanced at elend , who stood up to take his turn at the front of the lectern . 
 his earlier confidence had returned , and he looked regal in his sharp white uniform . 
 he still wore his crown . 
 it does n't change things , he 'd said . 
 between us ... i 'm sorry . 
 something that would use her reputation to gain him votes . 
 her reputation was kelsier 's reputation , and only the skaa really cared about that . 
 and there was one easy way to gain influence with them ... `` you joined the church of the survivor , did n't you ? '' 
 she whispered . 
 the reactions of the skaa assemblymen , the logic of the moment , elend 's words to her before , all of them suddenly made sense . 
 if elend joined the church , the skaa assemblymen might be afraid to vote against him . 
 and , elend did n't need sixteen votes to gain the throne ; if the assembly deadlocked , he won . 
 with the eight skaa and his own vote , the others would never be able to oust him . 
 `` very clever , '' she whispered . 
 the ploy might not work . 
 it would depend on how much hold the church of the survivor had on the skaa assemblymen . 
 yet , even if some skaa voted against elend , there were still the noblemen who would probably vote for penrod . 
 if enough did , elend would still deadlock the assembly and keep his throne . 
 all it would cost was his integrity . 
 that 's unfair , vin told herself . 
 if elend had joined with the church of the survivor , he would hold to whatever promises he had made . 
 and , if the church of the survivor gained official backing , it could become as powerful in luthadel as the steel ministry had once been . 
 and ... how would that change the way elend saw her ? 
 this does n't change anything , he had promised . 
 she dully heard him begin to speak , and his references to kelsier now seemed obvious to her . 
 yet , the only thing she could feel was a slight sense of anxiety . 
 it was as zane had said . 
 she was the knife-a different kind of knife , but still a tool . 
 the means by which elend would protect the city . 
 she should be furious , or at least sick . 
 why did her eyes keep darting toward the crowd ? 
 why could n't she focus on what elend was saying , on how he was elevating her ? 
 why was she suddenly so on edge ? 
 why were those men subtly moving their way around the edges of the room ? 
 `` so , '' elend said , `` by the blessing of the survivor himself , i ask you to vote for me . '' 
 he waited quietly . 
 it was a drastic move ; joining the church of the survivor put elend under the spiritual authority of an external group . 
 but , ham and demoux both had thought it a good idea . 
 elend had spent the better part of the previous day getting the word out to the skaa citizens about his decision . 
 it felt like a good move . 
 the only thing he worried about was vin . 
 he glanced at her . 
 she did n't like her place in the church of the survivor , and having elend join it meant that he-technically-accepted her part in the mythology . 
 he tried to catch her eye and smile , but she was n't watching him . 
 she was looking out into the audience . 
 elend frowned . 
 vin stood up . 
 a man from the audience suddenly shoved aside two soldiers in the front row , then leaped supernaturally far to land up on the dais . 
 the man pulled out a dueling cane . 
 what ? 
 elend thought in shock . 
 fortunately , months spent sparring at tindwyl 's command had given him instincts he did n't know he had . 
 as the thug charged , elend tucked and rolled . 
 he hit the ground , scrambling , and turned to see the beefy man bearing down on him , dueling cane raised . 
 a flurry of white lace and skirts fluttered through the air over elend . 
 vin slammed feet-first into the thug , throwing him backward as she spun , skirts flaring . 
 the man grunted . 
 vin landed with a thump directly in front of elend . 
 the assembly hall echoed with sudden screaming and shouts . 
 vin kicked the lectern out of the way . 
 `` stay behind me , '' she whispered , an obsidian dagger glittering in her right hand . 
 elend nodded hesitantly , unbuckling the sword at his waist as he climbed to his feet . 
 the thug was n't alone ; three small groups of armed men were moving through the room . 
 one attacked the front row , distracting the guards there . 
 another group was climbing onto the dais . 
 the third group seemed occupied by something in the crowd . 
 cett 's soldiers . 
 the thug had regained his feet . 
 he did n't look like he had suffered much from vin 's kick . 
 assassins , elend thought . 
 but who sent them ? 
 the man smiled as he was joined by a group of five friends . 
 chaos filled the room , assemblymen scattering , their bodyguards rushing to surround them . 
 yet , the fighting in front of the stage kept anyone from escaping in that direction . 
 the assemblymen clogged around the stage 's side exit . 
 the attackers , however , did n't seem concerned with them . 
 only with elend . 
 vin remained in her crouch , waiting for the men to attack first , her posture threatening despite the frilly dress . 
 elend thought he actually heard her growl quietly . 
 the men attacked . 
 vin snapped forward , swiping at the lead thug with a dagger . 
 his reach was too great , however , and he easily fended her off with a swipe of his staff . 
 there were six men in total ; three who were obviously thugs , leaving the other three to likely be coinshots or lurchers . 
 a strong component of metal-controllers . 
 someone did n't want her ending this fight quickly with coins . 
 they did n't understand that she would never use coins in this situation . 
 not with elend standing so close and with so many people in the room . 
 coins could n't be deflected safely . 
 if she shot a handful at her enemies , random people would die . 
 she had to kill these men fast . 
 they were already fanning out , surrounding her and elend . 
 they moved in pairs-one thug and one coinshot in each team . 
 they would attack from the sides , trying to get past her to elend . 
 vin reached behind herself with iron , pulling elend 's sword from its sheath with a ringing squeal . 
 she caught it by the hilt , throwing it at one of the teams . 
 the coinshot pushed it back at her , and she in turn pushed it to the side , spinning it toward a second pair of allomancers . 
 one of them pushed it back at her again . 
 vin pulled from behind , whipping elend 's metal-tipped sheath out of his hands and shooting it through the air by its clasp . 
 sheath passed sword in the air . 
 this time , the enemy coinshots pushed both items out of the way , deflecting them toward the fleeing audience . 
 men shouted in desperation as they trampled and tried to force their way out of the room . 
 vin gritted her teeth . 
 she needed a better weapon . 
 she flung a stone dagger at one assassin pair , then jumped toward another , spinning beneath the attacking thug 's weapon . 
 the coinshot did n't have any metal on him that she could sense ; he was just there to keep her from killing the thug with coins . 
 they probably assumed that vin would be easy to defeat , as she was deprived of the ability to shoot coins . 
 the thug brought his staff back around , trying to catch her with the end . 
 she caught the weapon , yanking it forward and jumping up as she pushed against the assembly bleachers behind her . 
 her feet hit the thug in the chest , and she kicked hard with flared pewter . 
 as he grunted , vin pulled herself back toward the nails in the bleachers as hard as she could . 
 the thug managed to stay on his feet . 
 he seemed completely surprised , however , to find vin streaking away from him , holding his staff in her hands . 
 she landed and spun toward elend . 
 he 'd found himself a weapon-a dueling cane-and had the good sense to back himself against a wall . 
 to her right , some of the assemblymen stood in a huddle , surrounded by their guards . 
 the room was too full , the exits too small and cramped , for them all to escape . 
 the assemblymen made no moves to help elend . 
 one of the assassins cried out , pointing as vin pushed against the bleachers and shot toward them , moving herself in front of elend . 
 two thugs raised their weapons as vin turned in the air , lightly pulling against a door 's hinges to spin herself . 
 her gown fluttered as she landed . 
 i really have to thank that dressmaker , she thought as she raised the staff . 
 she briefly considered ripping the dress free anyway , but the thugs were upon her too quickly . 
 she blocked both blows at once , then threw herself between the men , flaring pewter , moving faster than even they . 
 one of them cursed , trying to bring his staff around . 
 vin broke his leg before he could . 
 he dropped with a howl , and vin leaped onto his back , forcing him to the ground as she swung an overhand blow at the second thug . 
 he blocked , then shoved his weapon against hers to throw her back off his companion . 
 elend attacked . 
 the king 's actions , however , seemed sluggish compared with the movements of men burning pewter . 
 the thug turned almost nonchalantly , smashing elend 's weapon with an easy blow . 
 vin cursed as she fell . 
 she hurled her staff at the thug , forcing him to turn away from elend . 
 he barely ducked out of the way as vin hit the ground , bounced to her feet , and whipped out a second dagger . 
 she dashed forward before the thug could turn back to elend . 
 a spray of coins flew toward her . 
 she could n't push them back , not toward the crowd . 
 she cried out-throwing herself between the coins and elend-then pushed to the sides , dividing them as best she could so they sprayed against the wall . 
 even so , she felt a flash of pain from her shoulder . 
 where did he get the coins ? 
 she thought with frustration . 
 however , as she glanced to the side , she saw the coinshot standing beside a cowering assemblyman , who had been forced to give up his coin pouch . 
 vin gritted her teeth . 
 her arm still worked . 
 that was all that mattered . 
 she yelled and threw herself at the closest thug . 
 however , the third thug had regained his weapon-the one vin had thrown-and was now circling with his coinshot to try and get behind vin . 
 one at a time , vin thought . 
 the thug nearest her swung his weapon . 
 she needed to surprise him . 
 so , she did n't dodge or block . 
 she simply took his blow in the side , burning duralumin and pewter to resist . 
 something cracked , within her as she was hit , but with duralumin , she was strong enough to stay up . 
 wood shattered , and she continued forward , slamming her dagger into the thug 's neck . 
 he dropped , revealing a surprised coinshot behind him . 
 vin 's pewter evaporated with the duralumin , and pain blossomed like a sunrise in her side . 
 even so , she yanked her dagger free as the thug fell , still moving quickly enough to drop the coinshot with a dagger in the chest . 
 then she stumbled , gasping quietly , holding her side as two men died at her feet . 
 one thug left , she thought desperately . 
 and two coinshots . 
 elend needs me . 
 to the side , she saw one of the coinshots fire a spray of stolen coins at elend . 
 she cried out , pushing them away , and she heard the coinshot cursing . 
 she turned-counting on the blue lines from her steel to warn her if the coinshots tried shooting anything else at elend-and ripped her backup vial of metal from her sleeve , where it had been tied tightly to keep it from being pulled away . 
 however , even as she yanked the stopper open , the vial lurched from her now undexterous hand . 
 the second coinshot grinned as he pushed the vial away , tipping it and spraying its contents across the floor . 
 vin growled , but her mind was growing fuzzy . 
 she needed pewter . 
 without it , the large coin wound in her shoulder-its blood turning her lacy sleeve red-and the crushing pain in her side were too much . 
 she almost could n't think . 
 a staff swung toward her head . 
 she jerked to the side , rolling . 
 however , she no longer had the grace or speed of pewter . 
 a normal man 's blow she could have dodged , but the attack of an allomancer was another thing . 
 i should n't have burned duralumin ! 
 she thought . 
 it had been a gamble , letting her kill two assassins , but it had left her too exposed . 
 the staff descended toward her . 
 something large slammed into the thug , bearing him to the ground in a growling flurry of claws . 
 vin came out of her dodge as the thug punched oreseur in the head , cracking his skull . 
 yet , the thug was bleeding and cursing , and his staff had rolled free . 
 vin snatched it up , scrambling to her feet and gritting her teeth as she drove the butt of the staff down into the man 's face . 
 he took the blow with a curse , swiping her feet out from under her with a kick . 
 she fell beside oreseur . 
 the wolfhound , oddly , was smiling . 
 there was a wound in his shoulder . 
 no , not a wound . 
 an opening in the flesh-and a vial of metal hidden inside . 
 vin snatched it , rolling , keeping it hidden as the thug regained his feet . 
 she downed the liquid , and the flakes of metal it contained . 
 on the floor before her , she could see the shadow of the thug raising his weapon in a mighty overhand blow . 
 pewter flared to life inside of her , and her wounds became mere annoying buzzes . 
 she jerked to the side as the blow fell , hitting the floor , throwing up bits of wood . 
 vin flipped to her feet , slamming her fist into the arm of her surprised opponent . 
 it was n't enough to break the bones , but it obviously hurt . 
 the thug-now missing two teeth-grunted in pain . 
 to the side , vin saw oreseur on his feet , his dog 's jaw hanging unnaturally . 
 he nodded to her ; the thug would think him dead from the cracked skull . 
 more coins flew at elend . 
 she pushed them away without even looking . 
 in front of her , oreseur struck the thug from behind , making him spin in surprise just as vin attacked . 
 the thug 's staff passed within a finger 's width of her head as it smashed into oreseur 's back , but her own hand took the man in the face . 
 she did n't punch , however ; that would n't do much against a thug . 
 she had one finger out , and she had incredible aim . 
 the thug 's eye popped as she rammed her finger into the socket . 
 she hopped back as he cried out , raising a hand to his face . 
 she smashed her fists into his chest , throwing him to the ground , then jumped over oreseur 's crumpled form and grabbed her dagger off the ground . 
 the thug died , clutching his face in agony , her dagger in his chest . 
 vin spun , searching desperately for elend . 
 he 'd taken one of the fallen thugs ' weapons and was fending off the two remaining coinshots , who had apparently grown frustrated by her pushing away all of their coin attacks . 
 instead , they had pulled out dueling canes to attack him directly . 
 elend 's training had apparently been enough to keep him alive-but only because his opponents had to keep an eye on vin to make certain she did n't try using coins herself . 
 vin kicked up the staff of the man she 'd just killed , catching it . 
 a coinshot cried out as she growled and dashed toward them , spinning her weapon . 
 one had the presence of mind to push off the bleachers and launch himself away . 
 vin 's weapon still caught him in midair , throwing him to the side . 
 the next swing took down his companion , who had tried to dash away . 
 elend stood breathing heavily , his costume disheveled . 
 he did better than i thought he would , vin admitted , flexing , trying to judge the damage to her side . 
 she needed to get a bandage on that shoulder . 
 the coin had n't hit bone , but the bleeding would - `` vin ! '' 
 elend cried out . 
 something very strong suddenly grabbed her from behind . 
 vin choked as she was jerked backward and thrown to the ground . 
 the first thug . 
 she 'd broken his leg , then forgotten - he got his hands around her neck , squeezing as he knelt above her , his legs pressing against her chest , his face wild with rage . 
 his eyes bulged , adrenaline mixing with pewter . 
 vin gasped for breath . 
 she was taken back to years before , to beatings performed by men looming above her . 
 camon , and reen , and a dozen others . 
 no ! 
 she thought , flaring her pewter , struggling . 
 he had her pinned , however , and he was much larger then she was . 
 much stronger . 
 elend slammed his staff against the man 's back , but the thug barely even flinched . 
 vin could n't breathe . 
 she felt her throat being crushed . 
 she tried to pry the thug 's hands apart , but it was as ham had always said . 
 her small size was a great advantage to her in most situations-but when it came down to brute strength , she was no match for a man of bulk and muscle . 
 she tried pulling herself to the side , but the man 's grip was too strong , her weight too small compared with his . 
 she struggled in vain . 
 she had duralumin still-burning it only made other metals vanish , not the duralumin itself-but last time that had nearly gotten her killed . 
 if she did n't take the thug down quickly , she 'd be left without pewter once again . 
 elend pounded , yelling for help , but his voice sounded distant . 
 the thug pressed his face almost up against vin 's , and she could see his fury . 
 at that moment , incredibly , a thought occurred to her . 
 where have i seen this man before ? 
 her vision darkened . 
 however , as the thug constricted his grip , he leaned closer , closer , closer ... she did n't have a choice . 
 vin burned duralumin and flared her pewter . 
 she flung her opponent 's hands aside and smashed her head upward into his face . 
 the man 's head exploded as easily as the eyeball had earlier . 
 vin gasped for breath and pushed the headless corpse off her . 
 elend stumbled back , his suit and face sprayed red . 
 vin stumbled to her feet . 
 her vision swam as her pewter dissipated-but even through that , she could see an emotion on elend 's face , stark as the blood on his brilliant white uniform . 
 horror . 
 no , she thought , her mind fading . 
 please , elend , not that ... she fell forward , unable to maintain consciousness . 
 elend sat in his ruined suit , hands against forehead , the wreckage of the assembly hall hauntingly empty around him . 
 `` she 'll live , '' ham said . 
 `` she actually is n't hurt that badly . 
 or ... well , not that badly for vin . 
 she just needs plenty of pewter and some of sazed 's care . 
 he says the ribs are n't even broken , just cracked . '' 
 elend nodded absently . 
 some soldiers were clearing away the corpses , among them the six men that vin had killed , including the one at the end ... elend squeezed his eyes shut . 
 `` what ? '' 
 ham asked . 
 elend opened his eyes , forming his hand into a fist to keep it from shaking . 
 `` i know you 've seen a lot of battles , ham , '' he said . 
 `` but , i 'm not used to them . 
 i 'm not used to ... '' he turned away as the soldiers dragged away the headless body . 
 ham watched the corpse go . 
 `` i 've only actually seen her fight once before , you know , '' elend said quietly . 
 `` in the palace , a year ago . 
 she only threw a few men against the walls . 
 it was nothing like this . '' 
 ham took a seat beside elend on the benches . 
 `` she 's mistborn , el . 
 what did you expect ? 
 a single thug can easily take down ten men-dozens , if he has a coinshot to support him . 
 a mistborn ... well , they 're like an army in one person . '' 
 elend nodded . 
 `` i know , ham . 
 i know she killed the lord ruler-she 's even told me how she faced several steel inquisitors . 
 but ... i 've just never seen ... '' he closed his eyes again . 
 the image of vin stumbling toward him at the end , her beautiful white ball gown covered in the gore of a man she 'd just killed with her forehead ... she did it to protect me , he thought . 
 but that does n't make it any less disturbing . 
 maybe that even makes it a little more disturbing . 
 he forced his eyes open . 
 he could n't afford to be distracted ; he had to be strong . 
 he was king . 
 `` you think straff sent them ? '' 
 elend asked . 
 ham nodded . 
 `` who else ? 
 they targeted you and cett . 
 i guess your threat to kill straff was n't as binding as we assumed . '' 
 `` how is cett ? '' 
 `` he barely escaped alive . 
 as it is , they slaughtered half of his soldiers . 
 in the fray , demoux and i could n't even see what was happening up on the stage with you and vin . '' 
 elend nodded . 
 by the time ham had arrived , vin had already dealt with the assassins . 
 it had taken her only a few minutes to wipe out all six of them . 
 ham was silent for a moment . 
 finally , he turned to elend . 
 `` i 'll admit , el , '' he said quietly . 
 `` i 'm impressed . 
 i did n't see the fight , but i saw the aftermath . 
 it 's one thing to fight six allomancers , but it 's another to do that while trying to protect a regular person , and to keep any by-standers from harm . 
 and that last man ... '' `` do you remember when she saved breeze ? '' 
 elend asked . 
 `` it was so far away , but i swear i saw her throw horses into the air with her allomancy . 
 have you ever heard of anything like that ? '' 
 ham shook his head . 
 elend sat quietly for a moment . 
 `` i think we need to do some planning . 
 what with today 's events , we ca n't ... '' ham looked up as elend trailed off . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` messenger , '' elend said , nodding toward the doorway . 
 sure enough , the man presented himself to the soldiers , then was escorted up to the stage . 
 elend stood , walking over to meet the short man , who wore penrod 's heraldry on his coat . 
 `` my lord , '' the man said , bowing . 
 `` i 've been sent to inform you that the voting will proceed at lord penrod 's mansion . '' 
 `` the voting ? '' 
 ham asked . 
 `` what nonsense is this ? 
 his majesty was nearly killed today ! '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , my lord , '' the aide said . 
 `` i was simply told to deliver the message . '' 
 elend sighed . 
 he 'd hoped that , in the confusion , penrod would n't remember the deadline . 
 `` if they do n't choose a new leader today , ham , then i get to retain the crown . 
 they 've already wasted their grace period . '' 
 ham sighed . 
 `` and if there are more assassins ? '' 
 he asked quietly . 
 `` vin will be laid up for a few days , at least . '' 
 `` i ca n't rely on her to protect me all the time , '' elend said . 
 `` let 's go . '' 
 `` i vote for myself , '' lord penrod said . 
 not unexpected , elend thought . 
 he sat in penrod 's comfortable lounge , accompanied by a group of shaken assemblymen-none of whom , thankfully , had been hurt in the attack . 
 several held drinks , and there was a veritable army of guards waiting around the perimeter , eyeing each other warily . 
 the crowded room also held noorden and three other scribes , who were there to witness the voting , according to the law . 
 `` i vote for lord penrod as well , '' said lord dukaler . 
 also not unexpected , elend thought . 
 i wonder how much that cost penrod . 
 mansion penrod was not a keep , but it was lavishly decorated . 
 the plushness of elend 's chair was welcome as a relief from the tensions of the day . 
 yet , elend feared that it was too soothing . 
 it would be very easy to drift off ... `` i vote for cett , '' said lord habren . 
 elend perked up . 
 it was the second for cett , which put him behind penrod by three . 
 everyone turned to elend . 
 `` i vote for myself , '' he said , trying to project a firmness that was hard to maintain after everything that had happened . 
 the merchants were next . 
 elend settled back , prepared for the expected run of votes for cett . 
 `` i vote for penrod , '' philen said . 
 elend sat upright , alert . 
 what ! 
 the next merchant voted for penrod as well . 
 as did the next , and the next . 
 elend sat stunned , listening . 
 what did i miss ? 
 he thought . 
 he glanced at ham , who shrugged in confusion . 
 philen glanced at elend , smiling pleasantly . 
 elend could n't tell if there was bitterness or satisfaction in that look , however . 
 they switched allegiances ? 
 that quickly ? 
 philen had been the one to sneak cett into the city in the first place . 
 elend looked down the row of merchants , trying with little success to gauge their reactions . 
 cett himself was n't in the meeting ; he had retreated to keep hasting to nurse his wound . 
 `` i vote for lord venture , '' said haws , foremost of the skaa faction . 
 this also managed to get a stir out of the room . 
 haws met elend 's eye , and nodded . 
 he was a firm believer in the church of the survivor , and while the different preachers of the religion were beginning to disagree on how to organize their followers , they all agreed that a believer on the throne would be better for them than handing the city over to cett . 
 there will be a price to pay for this allegiance , elend thought as the skaa voted . 
 they knew elend 's reputation for honesty , and he would not betray their trust . 
 he had told them he would become an open member of their sect . 
 he had n't promised them belief , but he had promised them devotion . 
 he still was n't certain what he had given away , but both of them knew they would need each other . 
 `` i vote for penrod , '' said jasten , a canal worker . 
 `` as do i , '' said thurts , his brother . 
 elend gritted his teeth . 
 he 'd known they would be trouble ; they never had liked the church of the survivor . 
 but , four of the skaa had already given him their votes . 
 with only two remaining , he had a very good shot at a deadlock . 
 `` i vote for venture , '' said the next man . 
 `` i do , too , '' said the final skaa . 
 elend gave the man , vet , a smile of appreciation . 
 that left fifteen votes for penrod , two for cett , and seven for elend . 
 deadlock . 
 elend reclined slightly , head resting against the chair 's pillowed back , sighing softly . 
 you did your job , vin , he thought . 
 i did mine . 
 now we just need to keep this country in one piece . 
 `` um , '' a voice asked , `` am i allowed to change my vote ? '' 
 elend opened his eyes . 
 it was lord habren , one of the votes for cett . 
 `` i mean , it 's obvious now that cett is n't going to win , '' habren said , flushing slightly . 
 the young man was a distant cousin of the elariel family , which was probably how he 'd gotten his seat . 
 names still meant power in luthadel . 
 `` i 'm not sure if you can change or not , '' lord penrod said . 
 `` well , i 'd rather my vote meant something , '' habren said . 
 `` there are only two votes for cett , after all . '' 
 the room fell silent . 
 one by one , the members of the assembly turned to elend . 
 noorden the scribe met elend 's eyes . 
 there was a clause allowing for men to change their votes , assuming that the chancellor had n't officially closed the voting-which , indeed , he had n't . 
 the clause was a rather oblique ; noorden was probably the only other one in the room who knew the law well enough to interpret it . 
 he nodded slightly , still meeting elend 's eyes . 
 he would hold his tongue . 
 elend sat still in a room full of men who trusted him , even as they rejected him . 
 he could do as noorden did . 
 he could say nothing , or could say that he did n't know . 
 `` yes , '' elend said softly . 
 `` the law allows for you to change your vote , lord habren . 
 you may only do so once , and must do so before the winner is declared . 
 everyone else has the same opportunity . '' 
 `` then i vote for lord penrod , '' habren said . 
 `` as do i , '' said lord hue , the other who had voted for cett . 
 elend closed his eyes . 
 `` are there any other alterations ? '' 
 lord penrod asked . 
 no one spoke . 
 `` then , '' penrod said , `` i see seventeen votes for myself , seven votes for lord venture . 
 i officially close the voting and humbly accept your appointment as king . 
 i shall serve as best i can in this capacity . '' 
 elend stood , then slowly removed his crown . 
 `` here , '' he said , setting it on the mantle . 
 `` you 'll need this . '' 
 he nodded to ham , then left without looking back at the men who had discarded him . 
 part four knives i know your argument . 
 we speak of the anticipation , of things foretold , of promises made by our greatest prophets of old . 
 of course the hero of ages will fit the prophecies . 
 he will fit them perfectly . 
 that 's the idea . 
 39 straff venture rode quietly in the misty twilight air . 
 though he would have preferred a carriage , he felt it important to travel by horseback and present a compelling image for the troops . 
 zane , not surprisingly , chose to walk . 
 he sauntered along beside straff 's horse , the two of them leading a group of fifty soldiers . 
 even with the troops , straff felt exposed . 
 it was n't just the mists , and it was n't just the darkness . 
 he could still remember her touch on his emotions . 
 `` you 've failed me , zane , '' straff said . 
 the mistborn looked up , and-burning tin-straff could see a frown on his face . 
 `` failed ? '' 
 `` venture and cett still live . 
 beyond that , you sent a batch of my best allomancers to their deaths . '' 
 `` i warned you that they might die , '' zane said . 
 `` for a purpose , zane , '' straff said sternly . 
 `` why did you need a group of secret allomancers if you were just going to send them on a suicide mission in the middle of a public gathering ? 
 you may assume our resources to be unlimited , but let me assure you-those six men can not be replaced . '' 
 it had taken straff decades of work with his mistresses to gather so many hidden allomancers . 
 it had been pleasurable work , but work all the same . 
 in one reckless gambit , zane had destroyed a good third of straff 's allomancer children . 
 my children dead , our hand exposed , and that ... creature of elend 's still lives ! 
 `` i 'm sorry , father , '' zane said . 
 `` i thought that the chaos and crowded quarters would keep the girl isolated , and force her not to use coins . 
 i really thought this would work . '' 
 straff frowned . 
 he well knew that zane thought himself more competent than his father ; what mistborn would n't think such a thing ? 
 only a delicate mixture of bribery , threats , and manipulation kept zane under control . 
 yet , no matter what zane thought , straff was no fool . 
 he knew , at that moment , that zane was hiding something . 
 why send those men to die ? 
 straff thought . 
 he must have intended them to fail-otherwise he would have helped them fight the girl . 
 `` no , '' zane said softly , talking to himself as he sometimes did . 
 `` he 's my father ... '' he trailed off , then shook his head sharply . 
 `` no . 
 not them either . '' 
 lord ruler , straff thought , looking down at the muttering madman beside him . 
 what have i gotten myself into ? 
 zane was growing more unpredictable . 
 had he sent those men to die out of jealousy , out of lust for violence , or had he simply been bored ? 
 straff did n't think that zane had turned on him , but it was difficult to tell . 
 either way , straff did n't like having to rely on zane for his plans to work . 
 he did n't really like having to rely on zane for anything . 
 zane looked up at straff , and stopped talking . 
 he did a good job of hiding his insanity , most of the time . 
 a good enough job that straff sometimes forgot about it . 
 yet , it still lurked there , beneath the surface . 
 zane was as dangerous a tool as straff had ever used . 
 the protection provided by a mistborn outweighed the danger of zane 's insanity . 
 barely . 
 `` you need n't worry , father , '' zane said . 
 `` the city will still be yours . '' 
 `` it will never be mine as long as that woman lives , '' straff said . 
 he shivered . 
 perhaps that 's what this was all about . 
 zane 's attack was so obvious that everyone in the city knows i was behind it , and when that mistborn demon wakes , she will come after me in retribution . 
 but , if that were zane 's goal , then why not just kill me himself ? 
 zane did n't make sense . 
 he did n't have to . 
 that was , perhaps , one of the advantages of being insane . 
 zane shook his head . 
 `` i think you will be surprised , father . 
 one way or another , you will soon have nothing to fear from vin . '' 
 `` she thinks i tried to have her beloved king assassinated . '' 
 zane smiled . 
 `` no , i do n't think that she does . 
 she 's far too clever for that . '' 
 too clever to see the truth ? 
 straff thought . 
 however , his tin-enhanced ears heard shuffling in the mists . 
 he held up a hand , halting his procession . 
 in the distance , he could just barely pick out the flickering blobs of wall-top torches . 
 they were close to the city-uncomfortably close . 
 straff 's procession waited quietly . 
 then , from the mists before them , a man on horseback appeared , accompanied by fifty soldiers of his own . 
 ferson penrod . 
 `` straff , '' penrod said , nodding . 
 `` ferson . '' 
 `` your men did well , '' penrod said . 
 `` i 'm glad your son did n't have to die . 
 he 's a good lad . 
 a bad king , but an earnest man . '' 
 a lot of my sons died today , ferson , straff thought . 
 the fact that elend still lives is n't fortunate-it 's irony . 
 `` you are ready to deliver the city ? '' 
 straff asked . 
 penrod nodded . 
 `` philen and his merchants want assurances that they will have titles to match those cett promised them . '' 
 straff waved a dismissive hand . 
 `` you know me , ferson . '' 
 you used to practically grovel before me at parties every week . 
 `` i always honor business agreements . 
 i 'd be an idiot not to appease those merchants-they 're the ones who will bring me tax revenue from this dominance . '' 
 penrod nodded . 
 `` i 'm glad we could come to an understanding , straff . 
 i do n't trust cett . '' 
 `` i doubt you trust me , '' straff said . 
 penrod smiled . 
 `` but i do know you , straff . 
 you 're one of us-a luthadel nobleman . 
 besides , you have produced the most stable kingdom in the dominances . 
 that 's all we 're looking for right now . 
 a little stability for this people . '' 
 `` you almost sound like that fool son of mine . '' 
 penrod paused , then shook his head . 
 `` your boy is n't a fool , straff . 
 he 's just an idealist . 
 in truth , i 'm sad to see his little utopia fall . '' 
 `` if you are sad for him , ferson , then you are an idiot , too . '' 
 penrod stiffened . 
 straff caught the man 's proud eyes , holding them with his stare , until penrod looked down . 
 the exchange was a simple one , mostly meaningless-but it did serve as a very important reminder . 
 straff chuckled . 
 `` you 're going to have to get used to being a small fish again , ferson . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 `` be cheerful , '' straff said . 
 `` assuming this turnover of power happens as you promised , no one will have to end up dead . 
 who knows , maybe i 'll let you keep that crown of yours . '' 
 penrod looked up . 
 `` for a long time , this land did n't have kings , '' straff said quietly . 
 `` it had something greater . 
 well , i 'm not the lord ruler-but i can be an emperor . 
 you want to keep your crown and rule as a subject king under me ? '' 
 `` that depends on the cost , straff , '' penrod said carefully . 
 not completely quelled , then . 
 penrod had always been clever ; he 'd been the most important nobleman to stay behind in luthadel , and his gamble had certainly worked . 
 `` the cost is exorbitant , '' straff said . 
 `` ridiculously so . '' 
 `` the atium , '' penrod guessed . 
 straff nodded . 
 `` elend has n't found it , but it 's here , somewhere . 
 i was the one who mined those geodes-my men spent decades harvesting them and bringing them to luthadel . 
 i know how much of it we harvested , and i know that nowhere near the same amount came back out in disbursements to the nobility . 
 the rest is in that city , somewhere . '' 
 penrod nodded . 
 `` i 'll see what i can find , straff . '' 
 straff raised an eyebrow . 
 `` you need to get back into practice , ferson . '' 
 penrod paused , then bowed his head . 
 `` i 'll see what i can find , my lord . '' 
 `` good . 
 now , what news did you bring of elend 's mistress ? '' 
 `` she collapsed after the fight , '' penrod said . 
 `` i employ a spy on the cooking staff , and she said she delivered a bowl of broth to lady vin 's room . 
 it returned cold . '' 
 straff frowned . 
 `` could this woman of yours slip the mistborn something ? '' 
 penrod paled slightly . 
 `` i. . . 
 do n't think that would be wise , my lord . 
 besides , you know mistborn constitutions . '' 
 perhaps she really is incapacitated , straff thought . 
 if we moved in ... the chill of her touch on his emotions returned . 
 numbness . 
 nothingness . 
 `` you need n't fear her so , my lord , '' penrod said . 
 straff raised an eyebrow . 
 `` i 'm not afraid , i 'm wary . 
 i will not move into that city until my safety is assured-and until i move in , your city is in danger from cett . 
 or , worse . 
 what would happen if those koloss decide to attack the city , ferson ? 
 i 'm in negotiations with their leader , and he seems to be able to control them . 
 for now . 
 have you ever seen the aftermath of a koloss slaughter ? '' 
 he probably had n't ; straff had n't until just recently . 
 penrod just shook his head . 
 `` vin wo n't attack you . 
 not if the assembly votes to put you in command of the city . 
 the transfer will be perfectly legal . '' 
 `` i doubt she cares about legality . '' 
 `` perhaps , '' penrod said . 
 `` but elend does . 
 and , where he commands , the girl follows . '' 
 unless he has as little control over her as i have over zane , straff thought , shivering . 
 no matter what penrod said , straff was n't going to take the city until that horrible creature was dealt with . 
 in this , he could rely only on zane . 
 and that thought frightened him almost as much as vin did . 
 without further discussion , straff waved to penrod , dismissing him . 
 penrod turned and retreated into the mists with his entourage . 
 even with his tin , straff barely heard zane land on the ground beside him . 
 straff turned , looking at the mistborn . 
 `` you really think he 'd turn the atium over to you if he found it ? '' 
 zane asked quietly . 
 `` perhaps , '' straff said . 
 `` he has to know that he 'd never be able to hold on to it-he does n't have the military might to protect a treasure like that . 
 and , if he does n't give it to me ... well , it would probably be easier to take the atium from him than it would be to find it on my own . '' 
 zane seemed to find the answer satisfactory . 
 he waited for a few moments , staring into the mists . 
 then he looked at straff , a curious expression on his face . 
 `` what time is it ? '' 
 straff checked his pocket watch , something no mistborn would carry . 
 too much metal . 
 `` eleven seventeen , '' he said . 
 zane nodded , turning back to look at the city . 
 `` it should have taken effect by now . '' 
 straff frowned . 
 then he began to sweat . 
 he flared tin , clamping his eyes shut . 
 there ! 
 he thought , noticing a weakness inside of him . 
 `` more poison ? '' 
 he asked , keeping the fear from his voice , forcing himself to be calm . 
 `` how do you do it , father ? '' 
 zane asked . 
 `` i thought for certain you 'd missed this one . 
 yet , here you are , just fine . '' 
 straff was beginning to feel weak . 
 `` one does n't need to be mistborn to be capable , zane , '' he snapped . 
 zane shrugged , smiling in the haunting way only he could-keenly intelligent , yet eerily unstable . 
 then he just shook his head . 
 `` you win again , '' he said , then shot upward into the sky , churning mists with his passing . 
 straff immediately turned his horse , trying to maintain his decorum as he urged it back toward the camp . 
 he could feel the poison . 
 feel it stealing his life . 
 feel it threatening him , overcoming him ... he went , perhaps , too quickly . 
 it was difficult to maintain an air of strength when you were dying . 
 finally , he broke into a gallop . 
 he left his startled guards behind , and they called in surprise , breaking into a jog to try and keep up . 
 straff ignored their complaints . 
 he kicked the horse faster . 
 could he feel the poison slowing his reactions ? 
 which one had zane used ? 
 gurwraith ? 
 no , it required injection . 
 tompher , perhaps ? 
 or ... perhaps he had found one that straff did n't even know about . 
 he could only hope that was n't the case . 
 for , if straff did n't know of the poison , then amaranta probably would n't know of it either , and would n't be able to put the antidote into her catch-all healing potion . 
 the lights of camp illuminated the mists . 
 soldiers cried out as straff approached , and he was nearly run through as one of his own men leveled a spear at the charging horse . 
 fortunately , the man recognized him in time . 
 straff rode the man down even as he turned aside his spear . 
 straff charged right up to his tent . 
 by now , his men were scattering , preparing as if for an invasion , or some other attack . 
 there was no way he could hide this from zane . 
 i would n't be able to hide my death either . 
 `` my lord ! '' 
 a captain said , dashing up to him . 
 `` send for amaranta , '' straff said , stumbling off his horse . 
 the soldier paused . 
 `` your mistress , lord ? '' 
 the man said , frowning . 
 `` why - '' `` now ! '' 
 straff commanded , throwing back his tent flap , walking inside . 
 he paused , legs trembling as the tent flap closed . 
 he wiped his brow with a hesitant hand . 
 too much sweat . 
 damn him ! 
 he thought with frustration . 
 i have to kill him , contain him ... i have to do something . 
 i ca n't rule like this ! 
 but what ? 
 he 'd sat up nights , he 'd wasted days , trying to decide what to do about zane . 
 the atium he used to bribe the man no longer seemed a good motivator . 
 zane 's actions this day-slaughtering straff 's children in an obviously hopeless attempt to kill elend 's mistress-proved that he could no longer be trusted , even in a small way . 
 amaranta arrived with surprising speed , and she immediately began mixing her antidote . 
 eventually , as straff slurped down the horrid-tasting concoction-feeling its healing effects immediately-he came to an uneasy conclusion . 
 zane had to die . 
 and yet ... something about all this seemed so convenient . 
 it felt almost as if we constructed a hero to fit our prophecies , rather than allowing one to arise naturally . 
 this was the worry i had , the thing that should have given me pause when my brethren came to me , finally willing to believe . 
 40 elend sat beside her bed . 
 that comforted her . 
 though she slept fitfully , a piece of her knew that he was there , watching over her . 
 it felt odd to be beneath his protective care , for she was the one who usually did the guarding . 
 so , when she finally woke , she was n't surprised to find him in the chair beside her bed , reading quietly by soft candlelight . 
 as she came fully awake , she did n't jump up , or search the room with apprehension . 
 instead , she sat up slowly , pulling the blanket up under her arms , then took a sip of the water that had been left for her beside the bed . 
 elend closed the book and turned toward her , smiling . 
 vin searched those soft eyes , delving for hints of the horror she had seen before . 
 the disgust , the terror , the shock . 
 he knew her for a monster . 
 how could he smile so kindly ? 
 `` why ? '' 
 she asked quietly . 
 `` why what ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` why wait here ? '' 
 she said . 
 `` i 'm not dying-i remember that much . '' 
 elend shrugged . 
 `` i just wanted to be near you . '' 
 she said nothing . 
 a coal stove burned in the corner , though it needed more fuel . 
 winter was close , and it was looking to be a cold one . 
 she wore only a nightgown ; she 'd asked the maids not to put one on her , but by then sazed 's draught-to help her sleep-had already begun taking effect , and she had n't had the energy to argue . 
 she pulled the blanket closer . 
 only then did she realize something she should have noticed earlier . 
 `` elend ! 
 you 're not wearing your uniform . '' 
 he looked down at his clothing-a nobleman 's suit from his old wardrobe , with an unbuttoned maroon vest . 
 the jacket was too big for him . 
 he shrugged . 
 `` no need to continue the charade anymore , vin . '' 
 `` cett is king ? '' 
 she asked with a sinking feeling . 
 elend shook his head . 
 `` penrod . '' 
 `` that does n't make sense . '' 
 `` i know , '' he said . 
 `` we are n't sure why the merchants betrayed cett-but it does n't really matter anymore . 
 penrod is a far better choice anyway . 
 than either cett , or me . '' 
 `` you know that 's not true . '' 
 elend sat back contemplatively . 
 `` i do n't know , vin . 
 i thought i was the better man . 
 yet , while i thought up all kinds of schemes to keep the throne from cett , i never really considered the one plan that would have been certain to defeat him-that of giving my support to penrod , combining our votes . 
 what if my arrogance had landed us with cett ? 
 i was n't thinking of the people . '' 
 `` elend ... '' she said , laying a hand on his arm . 
 and he flinched . 
 it was slight , almost unnoticeable , and he covered it quickly . 
 but the damage was done . 
 damage she had caused , damage within him . 
 he had finally seen-really seen-what she was . 
 he 'd fallen in love with a lie . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he said , looking into her face . 
 `` nothing , '' vin said . 
 she withdrew her hand . 
 inside , something cracked . 
 i love him so much . 
 why ? 
 why did i let him see ? 
 if only i 'd had a choice ! 
 he 's betraying you , reen 's voice whispered in the back of her mind . 
 everyone will leave you eventually , vin . 
 elend sighed , glancing toward the shutters to her room . 
 they were closed , keeping the mists out , though vin could see the darkness beyond . 
 `` the thing is , vin , '' he said quietly , `` i never really thought it would end this way . 
 i trusted them , right to the end . 
 the people-the assemblymen they chose-i trusted that they would do the right thing . 
 when they did n't choose me , i was actually surprised . 
 i should n't have been . 
 we knew that i was the long shot . 
 i mean , they had already voted me out once . 
 but , i 'd convinced myself that was just a warning . 
 inside , in my heart , i thought that they would reinstate me . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` now , i either have to admit that my faith in them was wrong , or i have to trust in their decision . '' 
 that was what she loved : his goodness , his simple honesty . 
 things as odd and exotic to a skaa urchin as her own mistborn nature must be to most people . 
 even among all the good men of kelsier 's crew , even amid the best of the nobility , she had never found another man like elend venture . 
 a man who would rather believe that the people who had dethroned him were just trying to do the right thing . 
 at times , she had felt a fool for falling in love with the first nobleman whom she grew to know . 
 but now she realized that her love of elend had not come about because of simple convenience or proximity . 
 it had come because of who elend was . 
 the fact that she had found him first was an event of incredible fortune . 
 and now ... it was over . 
 at least , in the form it had once had . 
 but , she 'd known all along that it would turn out this way . 
 that was why she 'd refused his marriage proposal , now over a year old . 
 she could n't marry him . 
 or , rather , she could n't let him marry her . 
 `` i know that sorrow in your eyes , vin , '' elend said softly . 
 she looked at him with shock . 
 `` we can get past this , '' he said . 
 `` the throne was n't everything . 
 we might be better off this way , actually . 
 we did our best . 
 now it 's someone else 's turn to try . '' 
 she smiled wanly . 
 he does n't know . 
 he must never know how much this hurts . 
 he 's a good man-he 'd try to force himself to keep loving me . 
 `` but , '' he said , `` you should get some more rest . '' 
 `` i feel fine , '' vin said , stretching slightly . 
 her side hurt , and her neck ached , but pewter burned within her , and none of her wounds were debilitating . 
 `` i need to - '' she cut herself off as a realization hit her . 
 she sat upright , the sudden motion making her rigid with pain . 
 the day before was a blur , but ... `` oreseur ! '' 
 she said , pushing aside the blanket . 
 `` he 's fine , vin , '' elend said . 
 `` he 's a kandra . 
 broken bones mean nothing to him . '' 
 she paused , half out of bed , suddenly feeling foolish . 
 `` where is he ? '' 
 `` digesting a new body , '' elend said , smiling . 
 `` why the smile ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` i 've just never heard someone express that much concern for a kandra before . '' 
 `` well , i do n't see why not , '' vin said , climbing back in bed . 
 `` oreseur risked his life for me . '' 
 `` he 's a kandra , vin , '' elend repeated . 
 `` i do n't think those men could have killed him ; i doubt even a mistborn could . '' 
 vin paused . 
 not even a mistborn could ... what bothered her about that statement ? 
 `` regardless , '' she said . 
 `` he feels pain . 
 he took two serious blows on my behalf . '' 
 `` just fulfilling his contract . '' 
 his contract ... oreseur had attacked a human . 
 he had broken his contract . 
 for her . 
 `` what ? '' 
 elend asked . 
 `` nothing , '' vin said quickly . 
 `` tell me about the armies . '' 
 elend eyed her , but allowed the conversation to change directions . 
 `` cett is still holed up in keep hasting . 
 we 're not sure what his reaction will be . 
 the assembly did n't choose him , which ca n't be good . 
 and yet , he has n't protested-he has to realize that he 's trapped in here now . '' 
 `` he must have really believed that we 'd choose him , '' vin said , frowning . 
 `` why else would he come into the city ? '' 
 elend shook his head . 
 `` it was an odd move in the first place . 
 anyway , i have advised the assembly to try and make a deal with him . 
 i think he believes that the atium is n't in the city , so there 's really no reason for him to want luthadel . '' 
 `` except for the prestige . '' 
 `` which would n't be worth losing his army , '' elend 's said . 
 `` or his life . '' 
 vin nodded . 
 `` and your father ? '' 
 `` silent , '' elend said . 
 `` it 's strange , vin . 
 this is n't like him-those assassins were so blatant . 
 i 'm not sure what to make of them . '' 
 `` the assassins , '' vin said , sitting back in the bed . 
 `` you 've identified them ? '' 
 elend shook his head . 
 `` nobody recognizes them . '' 
 vin frowned . 
 `` maybe we are n't as familiar with the noblemen out in the northern dominance as we thought we were . '' 
 no , vin thought . 
 no , if they were from a city as close as urteau-straff 's home-some of them would be known , would n't they ? 
 `` i thought i recognized one of them , '' vin finally said . 
 `` which one ? '' 
 `` the ... last one . '' 
 elend paused . 
 `` ah . 
 well , i guess we wo n't be able to identify him now . '' 
 `` elend , i 'm sorry you had to see that . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 elend asked . 
 `` vin , i 've seen death before . 
 i was forced to attend the lord ruler 's executions , remember ? '' 
 he paused . 
 `` not that what you did was like that , of course . '' 
 of course . 
 `` you were amazing , '' elend said . 
 `` i 'd be dead right now if you had n't stopped those allomancers-and it 's likely that penrod and the other assemblymen would have fared the same . 
 you saved the central dominance . '' 
 we always have to be the knives ... elend smiled , standing . 
 `` here , '' he said , walking to the side of the room . 
 `` this is cold , but sazed said you should eat it when you awoke . '' 
 he returned with a bowl of broth . 
 `` sazed sent it ? '' 
 vin asked skeptically . 
 `` drugged , then ? '' 
 elend smiled . 
 `` he warned me not to taste it myself-he said it was filled with enough sedatives to knock me out for a month . 
 it takes a lot to affect you pewter burners . '' 
 he set the bowl on the bedstand . 
 vin eyed it through narrowed eyes . 
 sazed was probably worried that , despite her wounds , she 'd go out and prowl the city if she were left on her own . 
 he was probably right . 
 with a sigh , vin accepted the bowl and began to sip at it . 
 elend smiled . 
 `` i 'll send someone to bring you more coal for the stove , '' he said . 
 `` there are some things i need to do . '' 
 vin nodded , and he left , pulling the door shut behind him . 
 when vin next awoke , she saw that elend was still there . 
 he stood in the shadows , watching her . 
 it was still dark outside . 
 the shutters to her window were open , and mist coated the floor of the room . 
 the shutters were open . 
 vin sat upright and turned toward the figure in the corner . 
 it was n't elend . 
 `` zane , '' she said flatly . 
 he stepped forward . 
 it was so easy to see the similarities between him and elend , now that she knew what to look for . 
 they had the same jaw , the same wavy dark hair . 
 they even had similar builds , now that elend had been exercising . 
 `` you sleep too soundly , '' zane said . 
 `` even a mistborn 's body needs sleep to heal . '' 
 `` you should n't have been hurt in the first place , '' zane said . 
 `` you should have been able to kill those men with ease , but you were distracted by my brother , and by trying to keep the people of the room from harm . 
 this is what he 's done to you-he 's changed you , so that you no longer see what needs to be done , you just see what he wants you to do . '' 
 vin raised an eyebrow , quietly feeling beneath her pillow . 
 her dagger was there , fortunately . 
 he did n't kill me in my sleep , she thought . 
 that has to be a good sign . 
 he took another step forward . 
 she tensed . 
 `` what is your game , zane ? '' 
 she said . 
 `` first , you tell me that you 've decided not to kill me-then you send a group of assassins . 
 what now ? 
 have you come to finish the job ? '' 
 `` we did n't send those assassins , vin , '' zane said quietly . 
 vin snorted . 
 `` believe as you wish , '' zane said , taking another step forward so that he stood right beside her bed , a tall figure of blackness and solemnity . 
 `` but , my father is still terrified of you . 
 why would he risk retribution by trying to kill elend ? '' 
 `` it was a gamble , '' vin said . 
 `` he hoped those assassins would kill me . '' 
 `` why use them ? '' 
 zane asked . 
 `` he has me-why use a bunch of mistings to attack you in the middle of a crowded room , when he could just have me use atium in the night and kill you ? '' 
 vin hesitated . 
 `` vin , '' he said , `` i watched the corpses being carried away from the assembly hall , and i recognized some of them from cett 's entourage . '' 
 that 's it ! 
 vin thought . 
 that 's where i saw that thug whose face i smashed ! 
 he was at keep hasting , peeking out from the kitchen while we ate with cett , pretending to be a servant . 
 `` but , the assassins attacked cett too ... '' vin trailed off . 
 it was basic thieving strategy : if you had a front that you wanted to escape suspicion as you burgled the shops around it , you made certain to `` steal '' from yourself as well . 
 `` the assassins who attacked cett were all normal men , '' vin said . 
 `` no allomancers . 
 i wonder what he told them-that they 'd be allowed to ` surrender ' once the battle turned ? 
 but why fake an attack in the first place ? 
 he was favored for the throne . '' 
 zane shook his head . 
 `` penrod made a deal with my father , vin . 
 straff offered the assembly wealth beyond anything cett could provide . 
 that 's why the merchants changed their votes . 
 cett must have gotten wind of their betrayal . 
 he has spies enough in the city . '' 
 vin sat , dumbfounded . 
 of course ! 
 `` and the only way that cett could see to win ... '' `` was to send the assassins , '' zane said with a nod . 
 `` they were to attack all three candidates , killing penrod and elend , but leaving cett alive . 
 the assembly would assume that they 'd been betrayed by straff , and cett would become king . '' 
 vin gripped her knife with a shaking hand . 
 she was growing tired of games . 
 elend had almost died . 
 she had almost failed . 
 part of her , a burning part , wanted to do what she 'd first been inclined to . 
 to go out and kill cett and straff , to remove the danger the most efficient way possible . 
 no , she told herself forcefully . 
 no , that was kelsier 's way . 
 it 's not my way . 
 it 's not ... elend 's way . 
 zane turned away , facing toward her window , staring at the small waterfall-like flow of mist spilling through . 
 `` i should have arrived sooner to the fight . 
 i was outside , with the crowds that came too late to get a seat . 
 i did n't even know what was happening until the people started piling out . '' 
 vin raised an eyebrow . 
 `` you almost sound sincere , zane . '' 
 `` i have no wish to see you dead , '' he said , turning . 
 `` and i certainly do n't want to see harm befall elend . '' 
 `` oh ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 `` even though he 's the one who had all the privileges , while you were despised and kept locked away ? '' 
 zane shook his head . 
 `` it is n't like that . 
 elend is ... pure . 
 sometimes-when i hear him speak-i wonder if i would have become like him , if my childhood had been different . '' 
 he met her eyes in the dark room . 
 `` i 'm ... broken , vin . 
 maddened . 
 i can never be like elend . 
 but , killing him would n't change me . 
 it 's probably best that he and i were raised apart-it 's far better that he does n't know about me . 
 better that he remain as he is . 
 untainted . '' 
 `` i. . . '' 
 vin floundered . 
 what could she say ? 
 she could see actual sincerity in zane 's eyes . 
 `` i 'm not elend , '' zane said . 
 `` i never will be-i 'm not a part of his world . 
 but , i do n't think that i should be . 
 neither should you . 
 after the fighting was done , i finally got into the assembly hall . 
 i saw elend standing over you , at the end . 
 i saw the look in his eyes . '' 
 she turned away . 
 `` it 's not his fault that he is what he is , '' zane said . 
 `` as i said , he 's pure . 
 but , that makes him different from us . 
 i 've tried to explain it to you . 
 i wish you could have seen that look in his eyes ... '' i saw it , vin thought . 
 she did n't want to remember it , but she had seen it . 
 that awful look of horror , a reaction to something terrible and alien , something beyond understanding . 
 `` i ca n't be elend , '' zane said quietly , `` but you do n't want me to be . '' 
 he reached over and dropped something on her bedstand . 
 `` next time , be prepared . '' 
 vin snatched the object as zane began to walk toward the window . 
 the ball of metal rolled in her palm . 
 the shape was bumpy , but the texture was smooth-like a nugget of gold . 
 she knew it without having to swallow it . 
 `` atium ? '' 
 `` cett may send other assassins , '' zane said , hopping up onto the windowsill . 
 `` you 're giving it to me ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` there 's enough here for a good two minutes of burning ! '' 
 it was a small fortune , easily worth twenty thousand boxings before the collapse . 
 now , with the scarcity of atium ... zane turned back toward her . 
 `` just keep yourself safe , '' he said , then launched himself out into the mists . 
 vin did not like being injured . 
 logically , she knew that other people probably felt the same way ; after all , who would enjoy pain and debilitation ? 
 yet , when the others got sick , she sensed frustration from them . 
 not terror . 
 when sick , elend would spend the day in bed , reading books . 
 clubs had taken a bad blow during practice several months before , and he had grumbled about the pain , but had stayed off his leg for a few days without much prodding . 
 vin was growing to be more like them . 
 she could lie in bed as she did now , knowing that nobody would try to slit her throat while she was too weak to call for help . 
 still , she itched to rise , to show that she was n't very badly wounded . 
 lest someone think otherwise , and try to take advantage . 
 it is n't like that anymore ! 
 she told herself . 
 it was light outside , and though elend had been back to visit several times , he was currently away . 
 sazed had come to check on her wounds , and had begged her to stay in bed for `` at least one more day . '' 
 then he 'd gone back to his studies . 
 with tindwyl . 
 what ever happened to those two hating each other ? 
 she thought with annoyance . 
 i barely get to see him . 
 her door opened . 
 vin was pleased that her instincts were still keen enough that she immediately grew tense , reaching for her daggers . 
 her pained side protested the sudden motion . 
 nobody entered . 
 vin frowned , still tense , until a canine head popped up over the top of her footboard . 
 `` mistress ? '' 
 said a familiar , half growl of a voice . 
 `` oreseur ? '' 
 vin said . 
 `` you 're wearing another dog 's body ! '' 
 `` of course , mistress , '' oreseur said , hopping up onto the bed . 
 `` what else would i have ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' vin said , putting away her daggers . 
 `` when elend said you 'd had him get you a body , i just assumed that you 'd asked for a human . 
 i mean , everyone saw my ` dog ' die . '' 
 `` yes , '' oreseur said , `` but it will be simple to explain that you got a new animal . 
 you are expected to have a dog with you now , and so not having one would provoke notice . '' 
 vin sat quietly . 
 she 'd changed back to trousers and shirt , despite sazed 's protests . 
 her dresses hung in the other room , one noticeably absent . 
 at times , when she looked at them , she thought she saw the gorgeous white gown hanging there , sprayed with blood . 
 tindwyl had been wrong : vin could n't be both mistborn and lady . 
 the horror she had seen in the eyes of the assemblymen was enough proof for her . 
 `` you did n't need to take a dog 's body , oreseur , '' vin said quietly . 
 `` i 'd rather that you were happy . '' 
 `` it is all right , mistress , '' oreseur said . 
 `` i have grown ... fond of these kinds of bones . 
 i should like to explore their advantages a little more before i return to human ones . '' 
 vin smiled . 
 he 'd chosen another wolfhound-a big brute of a beast . 
 the colorings were different : more black than gray , without any patches of white . 
 she approved . 
 `` oreseur ... '' vin said , looking away . 
 `` thank you for what you did for me . '' 
 `` i fulfill my contract . '' 
 `` i 've been in other fights , '' vin said . 
 `` you never intervened in those . '' 
 oreseur did n't answer immediately . 
 `` no , i did n't . '' 
 `` why this time ? '' 
 `` i did what felt right , mistress , '' oreseur said . 
 `` even if it contradicted the contract ? '' 
 oreseur sat up proudly on his haunches . 
 `` i did not break my contract , '' he said firmly . 
 `` but you attacked a human . '' 
 `` i did n't kill him , '' oreseur said . 
 `` we are cautioned to stay out of combat , lest we accidentally cause a human death . 
 indeed , most of my brethren think that helping someone kill is the same as killing , and feel it is a breach of the contract . 
 the words are distinct , however . 
 i did nothing wrong . '' 
 `` and if that man you tackled had broken his neck ? '' 
 `` then i would have returned to my kind for execution , '' oreseur said . 
 vin smiled . 
 `` then you did risk your life for me . '' 
 `` in a small way , i suppose , '' oreseur said . 
 `` the chances of my actions directly causing that man 's death were slim . '' 
 `` thank you anyway . '' 
 oreseur bowed his head in acceptance . 
 `` executed , '' vin said . 
 `` so you can be killed ? '' 
 `` of course , mistress , '' oreseur said . 
 `` we are n't immortal . '' 
 vin eyed him . 
 `` i will say nothing specific , mistress , '' oreseur said . 
 `` as you might imagine , i would rather not reveal the weaknesses of my kind . 
 please suffice it to say that they exist . '' 
 vin nodded , but frowned in thought , bringing her knees up to her chest . 
 something was still bothering her , something about what elend had said earlier , something about oreseur 's actions ... `` but , '' she said slowly , `` you could n't have been killed by swords or staves , right ? '' 
 `` correct , '' oreseur said . 
 `` though our flesh looks like yours , and though we feel pain , beating us has no permanent effect . '' 
 `` then why are you afraid ? '' 
 vin said , finally lighting upon what was bothering her . 
 `` mistress ? '' 
 `` why did your people make the contract ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 `` why subjugate yourselves to mankind ? 
 if our soldiers could n't hurt you , then why even worry about us ? '' 
 `` you have allomancy , '' oreseur said . 
 `` so , allomancy can kill you ? '' 
 `` no , '' oreseur said , shaking his canine head . 
 `` it can not . 
 but , perhaps we should change the topic . 
 i 'm sorry , mistress . 
 this is very dangerous ground for me . '' 
 `` i understand , '' vin said , sighing . 
 `` it 's just so frustrating . 
 there 's so much i do n't know-about the deepness , about the legal politics ... even about my own friends ! '' 
 she sat back , looking up at the ceiling . 
 and there 's still a spy in the palace . 
 demoux or dockson , likely . 
 maybe i should just order them both taken and held for a time ? 
 would elend even do such a thing ? 
 oreseur was watching her , apparently noting her frustration . 
 finally , he sighed . 
 `` perhaps there are some things i can speak of , mistress , if i am careful . 
 what do you know of the origin of the kandra ? '' 
 vin perked up . 
 `` nothing . '' 
 `` we did not exist before the ascension , '' he said . 
 `` you mean to say that the lord ruler created you ? '' 
 `` that is what our lore teaches , '' oreseur said . 
 `` we are not certain of our purpose . 
 perhaps we were to be father 's spies . '' 
 `` father ? '' 
 vin said . 
 `` it seems strange to hear him spoken of that way . '' 
 `` the lord ruler created us , mistress , '' oreseur said . 
 `` we are his children . '' 
 `` and i killed him , '' vin said . 
 `` i. . . 
 feel like i should apologize . '' 
 `` just because he is our father does not mean we accepted everything he did , mistress , '' oreseur said . 
 `` can not a human man love his father , yet not believe he is a good person ? '' 
 `` i suppose . '' 
 `` kandra theology about father is complex , '' oreseur said . 
 `` even for us , it is difficult to sort through it sometimes . '' 
 vin frowned . 
 `` oreseur ? 
 how old are you ? '' 
 `` old , '' he said simply . 
 `` older than kelsier ? '' 
 `` much , '' oreseur . 
 `` but not as old as you are thinking . 
 i do not remember the ascension . '' 
 vin nodded . 
 `` why tell me all of this ? '' 
 `` because of your original question , mistress . 
 why do we serve the contract ? 
 well , tell me-if you were the lord ruler , and had his power , would you have created servants without building into them a way that you could control them ? '' 
 vin nodded slowly in understanding . 
 `` father took little thought of the kandra from about the second century after his ascension , '' oreseur said . 
 `` we tried to be independent for a time , but it was as i explained , humankind resented us . 
 feared us . 
 and , some of them knew of our weaknesses . 
 when my ancestors considered their options , they eventually chose voluntary servitude as opposed to forced slavery . '' 
 he created them , vin thought . 
 she had always shared a bit of kelsier 's view regarding the lord ruler-that he was more man than deity . 
 but , if he 'd truly created a completely new species , then there had to have been some divinity in him . 
 the power of the well of ascension , she thought . 
 he took it for himself-but it did n't last . 
 it must have run out , and quickly . 
 otherwise , why would he have needed armies to conquer ? 
 an initial burst of power , the ability to create , to change-perhaps to save . 
 he 'd pushed back the mists , and in the process he 'd somehow made the ash begin to fall and the sky turn red . 
 he 'd created the kandra to serve him-and probably the koloss , too . 
 he might even have created allomancers themselves . 
 and after that , he had returned to being a normal man . 
 mostly . 
 the lord ruler had still held an inordinate amount of power for an allomancer , and had managed to keep control of his creations-and he had somehow kept the mists from killing . 
 until vin had slain him . 
 then the koloss had begun to rampage , and the mists had returned . 
 the kandra had n't been beneath his control at that time , so they remained as they were . 
 but , he built into them a method of control , should he need it . 
 a way to make the kandra serve him ... vin closed her eyes , and quested out lightly with her allomantic senses . 
 oreseur had said that kandra could n't be affected by allomancy-but she knew something else about the lord ruler , something that had distinguished him from other allomancers . 
 his inordinate power had allowed him to do things he should n't have been able to . 
 things like pierce copperclouds , and affect metals inside of a person 's body . 
 maybe that was how he controlled the kandra , the thing that oreseur was speaking of . 
 the reason they feared mistborn . 
 not because mistborn could kill them , but because mistborn could do something else . 
 enslave them , somehow . 
 tentatively , testing what he 'd said earlier , vin reached out with a soothing and touched oreseur 's emotions . 
 nothing happened . 
 i can do some of the same things as the lord ruler , she thought . 
 i can pierce copperclouds . 
 perhaps , if i just push harder ... she focused , and pushed on his emotions with a powerful soothing . 
 again , nothing happened . 
 just as he 'd told her . 
 she sat for a moment . 
 and then , impulsively , she burned duralumin and tried one final , massive push . 
 oreseur immediately let out a howl so bestial and unexpected that vin jumped to her feet in shock , flaring pewter . 
 oreseur fell to the bed , shaking . 
 `` oreseur ! '' 
 she said , dropping to her knees , grabbing his head . 
 `` i 'm sorry ! '' 
 `` said too much ... '' he muttered , still shaking . 
 `` i knew i 'd said too much . '' 
 `` i did n't mean to hurt you , '' vin said . 
 the shaking subsided , and oreseur fell still for a moment , breathing quietly . 
 finally , he pulled his head out of her arms . 
 `` what you meant is immaterial , mistress , '' he said flatly . 
 `` the mistake was mine . 
 please , never do that again . '' 
 `` i promise , '' she said . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 he shook his head , crawling off the bed . 
 `` you should n't even have been able to do it . 
 there are strange things about you , mistress-you are like the allomancers of old , before the passage of generations dulled their powers . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' vin said again , feeling helpless . 
 he saved my life , nearly broke his contract , and i do this to him ... oreseur shrugged . 
 `` it is done . 
 i need to rest . 
 i suggest that you do the same . '' 
 after that , i began to see other problems . 
 41 '' ' i write this record now , ' '' sazed read out loud , '' ` pounding it into a metal slab , because i am afraid . 
 afraid for myself , yes-i admit to being human . 
 if alendi does return from the well of ascension , i am certain that my death will be one of his first objectives . 
 he is not an evil man , but he is a ruthless one . 
 that is , i think , a product of what he has been through . ' '' 
 `` that fits what we know of alendi from the logbook , '' tindwyl said . 
 `` assuming that alendi is that book 's author . '' 
 sazed glanced at his pile of notes , running over the basics in his mind . 
 kwaan had been an ancient terris scholar . 
 he had discovered alendi , a man he began to think-through his studies-might be the hero of ages , a figure from terris prophecy . 
 alendi had listened to him , and had become a political leader . 
 he had conquered much of the world , then traveled north to the well of ascension . 
 by then , however , kwaan had apparently changed his mind about alendi-and had tried to stop him from getting to the well . 
 it fit together . 
 even though the logbook author never mentioned his own name , it was obvious that he was alendi . 
 `` it is a very safe assumption , i think , '' sazed said . 
 `` the logbook even speaks of kwaan , and the falling-out they had . '' 
 they sat beside each other in sazed 's rooms . 
 he had requested , and received , a larger desk to hold their multitudinous notes and scribbled theories . 
 beside the door sat the remnants of their afternoon meal , a soup they had hurriedly gulped down . 
 sazed itched to take the dishes down to the kitchens , but he had n't been able to pull himself away yet . 
 `` continue , '' tindwyl requested , sitting back in her chair , looking more relaxed than sazed had ever seen her . 
 the rings running down the sides of her ears alternated in color-a gold or copper followed by a tin or iron . 
 it was such a simple thing , but there was a beauty to it . 
 `` sazed ? '' 
 sazed started . 
 `` i apologize , '' he said , then turned back to his reading . '' ' 
 i am also afraid , however , that all i have known-that my story-will be forgotten . 
 i am afraid for the world that may come . 
 afraid because my plans failed . 
 afraid of a doom brought by the deepness . ' '' 
 `` wait , '' tindwyl said . 
 `` why did he fear that ? '' 
 `` why would he not ? '' 
 sazed asked . 
 `` the deepness-which we assume is the mist-was killing his people . 
 without sunlight , their crops would not grow , and their animals could not graze . '' 
 `` but , if kwaan feared the deepness , then he should not have opposed alendi , '' tindwyl said . 
 `` he was climbing to the well of ascension to defeat the deepness . '' 
 `` yes , '' sazed said . 
 `` but by then , kwaan was convinced that alendi was n't the hero of ages . '' 
 `` but why would that matter ? '' 
 tindwyl said . 
 `` it did n't take a specific person to stop the mists-rashek 's success proves that . 
 here , skip to the end . 
 read that passage about rashek . '' '' ' 
 i have a young nephew , one rashek , ' '' sazed read . '' 
 ` he hates all of khlennium with the passion of envious youth . 
 he hates alendi even more acutely-though the two have never met-for rashek feels betrayed that one of our oppressors should have been chosen as the hero of ages . '' 
 ` alendi will need guides through the terris mountains . 
 i have charged rashek with making certain that he and his trusted friends are chosen as those guides . 
 rashek is to try and lead alendi in the wrong direction , to discourage him or otherwise foil his quest . 
 alendi wo n't know that he has been deceived . '' 
 ` if rashek fails to lead alendi astray , then i have instructed the lad to kill my former friend . 
 it is a distant hope . 
 alendi has survived assassins , wars , and catastrophes . 
 and yet , i hope that in the frozen mountains of terris , he may finally be exposed . 
 i hope for a miracle . '' 
 ` alendi must not reach the well of ascension . 
 he must not take the power for himself . ' '' 
 tindwyl sat back , frowning . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` something is wrong there , i think , '' she said . 
 `` but i can not tell you precisely what . '' 
 sazed scanned the text again . 
 `` let us break it down to simple statements , then . 
 rashek-the man who became the lord ruler-was kwaan 's nephew . '' 
 `` yes , '' tindwyl said . 
 `` kwaan sent rashek to mislead , or even kill , his once-friend alendi the conqueror-a man climbing the mountains of terris to seek the well of ascension . '' 
 tindwyl nodded . 
 `` kwaan did this because he feared what would happen if alendi took the well 's power for himself . '' 
 tindwyl raised a finger . 
 `` why did he fear that ? '' 
 `` it seems a rational fear , i think , '' sazed said . 
 `` too rational , '' tindwyl replied . 
 `` or , rather , perfectly rational . 
 but , tell me , sazed . 
 when you read alendi 's logbook , did you get the impression that he was the type who would take that power for himself ? '' 
 sazed shook his head . 
 `` actually , the opposite . 
 that is part of what made the logbook so confusing-we could n't figure out why the man represented within would have done as we assumed he must have . 
 i think that is part of what eventually led vin to guess that the lord ruler was n't alendi at all , but rashek , his packman . '' 
 `` and kwaan says that he knew alendi well , '' tindwyl said . 
 `` in fact , in this very rubbing , he compliments the man on several occasions . 
 calls him a good person , i believe . '' 
 `` yes , '' sazed said , finding the passage . '' 
 ` he is a good man-despite it all , he is a good man . 
 a sacrificing man . 
 in truth , all of his actions-all of the deaths , destructions , and pains that he has caused-have hurt him deeply . ' '' 
 `` so , kwaan knew alendi well , '' tindwyl said . 
 `` and thought highly of him . 
 he also , presumably , knew his nephew rashek well . 
 do you see my problem ? '' 
 sazed nodded slowly . 
 `` why send a man of wild temperament , one whose motivations are based on envy and hatred , to kill a man you thought to be good and of worthy temperament ? 
 it does seem an odd choice . '' 
 `` exactly , '' tindwyl said , resting her arms on the table . 
 `` but , '' sazed said , `` kwaan says right here that he ` doubts that if alendi reaches the well of ascension , he will take the power and then-in the name of the greater good-give it up . ' '' 
 tindwyl shook her head . 
 `` it does n't make sense , sazed . 
 kwaan wrote several times about how he feared the deepness , but then he tried to foil the hope of stopping it by sending a hateful youth to kill a respected , and presumably wise , leader . 
 kwaan practically set up rashek to take the power-if letting alendi take the power was such a concern , would n't he have feared that rashek might do the same ? '' 
 `` perhaps we simply see things with the clarity of those regarding events that have already occurred , '' sazed said . 
 tindwyl shook her head . 
 `` we 're missing something , sazed . 
 kwaan is a very rational , even deliberate , man-one can tell that from his narrative . 
 he was the one who discovered alendi , and was the first to tout him as the hero of ages . 
 why would he turn against him as he did ? '' 
 sazed nodded , flipping through his translation of the rubbing . 
 kwaan had gained much notoriety by discovering the hero . 
 he found the place he was looking for . 
 there was a place for me in the lore of the anticipation , the text read . 
 i thought myself the announcer , the prophet foretold to discover the hero of ages . 
 renouncing alendi then would have been to renounce my new position , my acceptance , by the others . 
 `` something dramatic must have happened , '' tindwyl said . 
 `` something that would make him turn against his friend , the source of his own fame . 
 something that pricked his conscience so sharply that he was willing to risk opposing the most powerful monarch in the land . 
 something so frightening that he took a ridiculous chance by sending this rashek on an assassination mission . '' 
 sazed leafed through his notes . 
 `` he fears both the deepness and what would happen if alendi took the power . 
 yet , he can not seem to decide which one is the greater threat , and neither seems more present in the narrative than the other . 
 yes , i can see the problem here . 
 do you think , perhaps , kwaan was trying to imply something by the inconsistency in his own arguments ? '' 
 `` perhaps , '' tindwyl said . 
 `` the information is just so slim . 
 i can not judge a man without knowing the context of his life ! '' 
 sazed looked up , eyeing her . 
 `` perhaps we have been studying too hard , '' he said . 
 `` shall we take a break ? '' 
 tindwyl shook her head . 
 `` we do n't have the time , sazed . '' 
 he met her eyes . 
 she was right on that point . 
 `` you sense it too , do n't you ? '' 
 she asked . 
 he nodded . 
 `` this city will soon fall . 
 the forces pressing upon it ... the armies , the koloss , the civil confusion ... '' `` i fear it will be more violent than your friends hope , sazed , '' tindwyl said quietly . 
 `` they seem to believe that they can just continue to juggle their problems . '' 
 `` they are an optimistic group , '' he said with a smile . 
 `` unaccustomed to being defeated . '' 
 `` this will be worse than the revolution , '' tindwyl said . 
 `` i have studied these things , sazed . 
 i know what happens when a conqueror takes a city . 
 people will die . 
 many people . '' 
 sazed felt a chill at her words . 
 there was a tension to luthadel ; war was coming to the city . 
 perhaps one army or another would enter by the blessing of the assembly , but the other would still strike . 
 the walls of luthadel would run red when the siege finally ended . 
 and he feared that end was coming very , very soon . 
 `` you are right , '' he said , turning back to the notes on his desktop . 
 `` we must continue to study . 
 we should collect more of what we can find about the land before the ascension , so that you may have the context you seek . '' 
 she nodded , showing a fatalistic resolve . 
 this was not a task they could complete in the time they had . 
 deciphering the meaning of the rubbing , comparing it to the logbook , and relating it to the context of the period was a scholarly undertaking that would require the determined work of years . 
 keepers had much knowledge-but in this case , it was almost too much . 
 they had been gathering and transmitting records , stories , myths , and legends for so long that it took years for one keeper to recite the collected works to a new initiate . 
 fortunately , included with the mass of information were indexes and summaries created by the keepers . 
 on top of this came the notes and personal indexes each individual keeper made . 
 and yet , these only helped the keeper understand just how much information he had . 
 sazed himself had spent his life reading , memorizing , and indexing religions . 
 each night , before he slept , he read some portion of a note or story . 
 he was probably the world 's foremost scholar on pre-ascension religions , and yet he felt as if he knew so little . 
 compounding all of that was the inherent unreliability of their information . 
 a great deal of it came from the mouths of simple people , doing their best to remember what their lives had once been like-or , more often , what the lives of their grandparents had once been like . 
 the keepers had n't been founded until late in the second century of the lord ruler 's reign . 
 by then , many religions had already been wiped out in their pure forms . 
 sazed closed his eyes , dumped another index from a coppermind into his head , then began to search it . 
 there was n't much time , true , but tindwyl and he were keepers . 
 they were accustomed to beginning tasks that others would have to finish . 
 elend venture , once king of the central dominance , stood on the balcony of his keep , overlooking the vast city of luthadel . 
 though the first snows had yet to fall , the weather had grown cold . 
 he wore an overcloak , tied at the front , but it did n't protect his face . 
 a chill tingled his cheeks as a wind blew across him , whipping at his cloak . 
 smoke rose from chimneys , gathering like an ominous shadow above the city before rising up to meld with the ashen red sky . 
 for every house that produced smoke , there were two that did not . 
 many of those were probably deserted ; the city held nowhere near the population it once had . 
 however , he knew that many of those smokeless houses were still inhabited . 
 inhabited , and freezing . 
 i should have been able to do more for them , elend thought , eyes open to the piercing cold wind . 
 i should have found a way to get more coal ; i should have managed to provide for them all . 
 it was humbling , even depressing , to admit that the lord ruler had done better than elend himself . 
 despite being a heartless tyrant , the lord ruler had at least kept a significant portion of the population from starving or freezing . 
 he had kept armies in check , and had kept crime at a manageable level . 
 to the northeast , the koloss army waited . 
 it had sent no emissaries to the city , but it was more frightening than either cett 's or straff 's armies . 
 the cold would n't scare away its occupants ; despite their bare skin , they apparently took little notice of weather changes . 
 this final army was the most disturbing of the three-more dangerous , more unpredictable , and impossible to deal with . 
 koloss did not bargain . 
 we have n't been paying enough attention to that threat , he thought as he stood on the balcony . 
 there 's just been so much to do , so much to worry about , that we could n't focus on an army that might be as dangerous to our enemies as it is to us . 
 it was looking less and less likely that the koloss would attack cett or straff . 
 apparently , jastes was enough in control to keep them waiting to take a shot at luthadel itself . 
 `` my lord , '' said a voice from behind . 
 `` please , come back in . 
 that 's a fell wind . 
 no use killing yourself from a chill . '' 
 elend turned back . 
 captain demoux stood dutifully in the room , along with another bodyguard . 
 in the aftermath of the assassination attempt , ham had insisted that elend go about guarded . 
 elend had n't complained , though he knew there was little reason for caution anymore . 
 straff would n't want to kill him now that he was n't king . 
 so earnest , elend thought , studying demoux 's face . 
 why do i find him youthful ? 
 we 're nearly the same age . 
 `` very well , '' elend said , turning and striding into the room . 
 as demoux closed the balcony doors , elend removed his cloak . 
 the suit below felt wrong on him . 
 sloppy , even though he had ordered it cleaned and pressed . 
 the vest was too tight-his practice with the sword was slowly modifying his body-while the coat hung loosely . 
 `` demoux , '' elend said . 
 `` when is your next survivor rally ? '' 
 `` tonight , my lord . '' 
 elend nodded . 
 he 'd feared that ; it would be a cold night . 
 `` my lord , '' demoux said , `` do you still intend to come ? '' 
 `` of course , '' elend said . 
 `` i gave my word that i would join with your cause . '' 
 `` that was before you lost the vote , my lord . '' 
 `` that is immaterial , '' elend said . 
 `` i am joining your movement because it is important to the skaa , demoux , and i want to understand the will of my ... of the people . 
 i promised you dedication-and you shall have it . '' 
 demoux seemed a bit confused , but spoke no further . 
 elend eyed his desk , considering some studying , but found it hard to motivate himself in the chill room . 
 instead , he pushed open the door and strode out into the hallway . 
 his guards followed . 
 he stopped himself from turning toward vin 's rooms . 
 she needed her rest , and it did n't do her much good to have him peeking in every half hour to check on her . 
 so instead he turned to wander down a different passageway . 
 the back hallways of keep venture were tight , dark , stone constructions of labyrinthine complexity . 
 perhaps it was because he 'd grown up in these passages , but he felt at home in their dark , secluded confines . 
 they had been the perfect place for a young man who did n't really care to be found . 
 now he used them for another reason ; the corridors provided a perfect place for extended walking . 
 he did n't point himself in any particular direction , he just moved , working out his frustration to the beating of his own footsteps . 
 i ca n't fix the city 's problems , he told himself . 
 i have to let penrod handle that-he 's the one the people want . 
 that should have made things easier for elend . 
 it let him focus on his own survival , not to mention let him spend time revitalizing his relationship with vin . 
 she , however , seemed different lately . 
 elend tried to tell himself it was just her injury , but he sensed something deeper . 
 something in the way she looked at him , something in the way she reacted to his affection . 
 and , despite himself , he could think of only one thing that had changed . 
 he was no longer king . 
 vin was not shallow . 
 she had shown him nothing but devotion and love during their two years together . 
 and yet , how could she not react-even if unconsciously-to his colossal failure ? 
 during the assassination attempt , he had watched her fight . 
 really watched her fight , for the first time . 
 until that day , he had n't realized just how amazing she was . 
 she was n't just a warrior , and she was n't just an allomancer . 
 she was a force , like thunder or wind . 
 the way she had killed that last man , smashing his head with her own ... how could she love a man like me ? 
 he thought . 
 i could n't even hold my throne . 
 i wrote the very laws that deposed me . 
 he sighed , continuing to walk . 
 he felt like he should be scrambling , trying to figure out a way to convince vin that he was worthy of her . 
 but that would just make him seem more incompetent . 
 there was no correcting past mistakes , especially since he could see no real `` mistakes '' he had made . 
 he had done the best he could , and that had proven insufficient . 
 he paused at an intersection . 
 once , a relaxing dip into a book would have been enough to calm him . 
 now he felt nervous . 
 tense . 
 a little ... like he assumed vin usually felt . 
 maybe i could learn from her , he thought . 
 what would vin do in my situation ? 
 she certainly would n't just wander around , brooding and feeling sorry for herself . 
 elend frowned , looking down a hallway lighted by flickering oil lamps , only half of them lit . 
 then he took off , waking with a determined stride toward a particular set of rooms . 
 he knocked quietly , and got no response . 
 finally , he poked his head in . 
 sazed and tindwyl sat quietly before a desk piled high with scraps of paper and ledgers . 
 they both sat staring , as if at nothing , their eyes bearing the glazedover look of someone who had been stunned . 
 sazed 's hand rested on the table . 
 tindwyl 's rested on top of it . 
 sazed shook himself alert suddenly , turning to regard elend . 
 `` lord venture ! 
 i am sorry . 
 i did not hear you enter . '' 
 `` it 's all right , saze , '' elend said , walking into the room . 
 as he did , tindwyl shook awake as well , and she removed her hand from sazed 's . 
 elend nodded to demoux and his companion-who were still following-indicating that they should remain outside , then closed the door . 
 `` elend , '' tindwyl said , her voice laced with its typical undercurrent of displeasure . 
 `` what is your purpose in bothering us ? 
 you have already proven your incompetence quite soundly-i see no need for further discussion . '' 
 `` this is still my home , tindwyl , '' elend replied . 
 `` insult me again , and you will find yourself ejected from the premises . '' 
 tindwyl raised an eyebrow . 
 sazed paled . 
 `` lord venture , '' he said quickly , `` i do n't think that tindwyl meant to - '' `` it 's all right , sazed , '' elend said , raising a hand . 
 `` she was just testing to see if i had reverted back to my previous state of insultability . '' 
 tindwyl shrugged . 
 `` i have heard reports of your moping through the palace hallways like a lost child . '' 
 `` those reports are true , '' elend said . 
 `` but that does n't mean that my pride is completely gone . '' 
 `` good , '' tindwyl said , nodding to a chair . 
 `` seat yourself , if you wish . '' 
 elend nodded , pulling the chair over before the two and sitting . 
 `` i need advice . '' 
 `` i 've given you what i can already , '' tindwyl said . 
 `` in fact , i 've perhaps given you too much . 
 my continued presence here makes it seem that i 'm taking sides . '' 
 `` i 'm not king anymore , '' elend said . 
 `` therefore , i have no side . 
 i 'm just a man seeking truth . '' 
 tindwyl smiled . 
 `` ask your questions , then . '' 
 sazed watched the exchange with obvious interest . 
 i know , elend thought , i 'm not sure i understand our relationship either . 
 `` here is my problem , '' he said . 
 `` i lost the throne , essentially , because i was n't willing to lie . '' 
 `` explain , '' tindwyl said . 
 `` i had a chance to obscure a piece of the law , '' elend said . 
 `` at the last moment , i could have made the assembly take me as king . 
 instead , i gave them a bit of information that was true , but which ended up costing me the throne . '' 
 `` i 'm not surprised , '' tindwyl said . 
 `` i doubted that you would be , '' elend said . 
 `` now , do you think i was foolish to do as i did ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 elend nodded . 
 `` but , '' tindwyl said , `` that moment is n't what cost you the throne , elend venture . 
 that moment was a small thing , far too simple to credit with your large-scale failure . 
 you lost the throne because you would n't command your armies to secure the city , because you insisted on giving the assembly too much freedom , and because you do n't employ assassins or other forms of pressure . 
 in short , elend venture , you lost the throne because you are a good man . '' 
 elend shook his head . 
 `` can you not be both a man who follows his conscience and a good king , then ? '' 
 tindwyl frowned in thought . 
 `` you ask an age-old question , elend , '' sazed said quietly . 
 `` a question that monarchs , priests , and humble men of destiny have always asked . 
 i do not know that there is an answer . '' 
 `` should i have told the lie , sazed ? '' 
 elend asked . 
 `` no , '' sazed said , smiling . 
 `` perhaps another man should have , in your same position . 
 but , a man must be cohesive with himself . 
 you have made your decisions in life , and changing yourself at the last moment-telling this lie-would have been against who you are . 
 it is better for you to have done as you did and lost the throne , i think . '' 
 tindwyl frowned . 
 `` his ideals are nice , sazed . 
 but what of the people ? 
 what if they die because elend was n't capable of controlling his own conscience ? '' 
 `` i do not wish to argue with you , tindwyl , '' sazed said . 
 `` it is simply my opinion that he chose well . 
 it is his right to follow his conscience , then trust in providence to fill in the holes caused by the conflict between morality and logic . '' 
 providence . 
 `` you mean god , '' elend said . 
 `` i do . '' 
 elend shook his head . 
 `` what is god , sazed , but a device used by obligators ? '' 
 `` why do you make the choices that you do , elend venture ? '' 
 `` because they 're right , '' elend said . 
 `` and why are these things right ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' elend said with a sigh , leaning back . 
 he caught a disapproving glance from tindwyl at his posture , but he ignored her . 
 he was n't king ; he could slouch if he wanted to . 
 `` you talk of god , sazed , but do n't you preach of a hundred different religions ? '' 
 `` three hundred , actually , '' sazed said . 
 `` well , which one do you believe ? '' 
 elend asked . 
 `` i believe them all . '' 
 elend shook his head . 
 `` that does n't make sense . 
 you 've only pitched a half-dozen to me , but i can already see that they 're incompatible . '' 
 `` it is not my position to judge truth , lord venture , '' sazed said , smiling . 
 `` i simply carry it . '' 
 elend sighed . 
 priests ... he thought . 
 sometimes , talking to sazed is like talking to an obligator . 
 `` elend , '' tindwyl said , her tone softening . 
 `` i think you handled this situation in the wrong way . 
 however , sazed does have a point . 
 you were true to your own convictions , and that is a regal attribute , i think . '' 
 `` and what should i do now ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` whatever you wish , '' tindwyl said . 
 `` it was never my place to tell you what to do . 
 i simply gave you knowledge of what men in your place did in the past . '' 
 `` and what would they have done ? '' 
 elend asked . 
 `` these great leaders of yours , how would they have reacted to my situation ? '' 
 `` it is a meaningless question , '' she said . 
 `` they would not have found themselves in this situation , for they would not have lost their titles in the first place . '' 
 `` is that what it 's about , then ? '' 
 elend asked . 
 `` the title ? '' 
 `` is n't that what we were discussing ? '' 
 tindwyl asked . 
 elend did n't answer . 
 what do you think makes a man a good king ? 
 he had once asked of tindwyl . 
 trust , she had replied . 
 a good king is one who is trusted by his people-and one who deserves that trust . 
 elend stood up . 
 `` thank you , tindwyl , '' he said . 
 tindwyl frowned in confusion , then turned to sazed . 
 he looked up and met elend 's eyes , cocking his head slightly . 
 then he smiled . 
 `` come , tindwyl , '' he said . 
 `` we should return to our studies . 
 his majesty has work to do , i think . '' 
 tindwyl continued to frown as elend left the room . 
 his guards followed behind as he quickly strode down the hallway . 
 i wo n't go back to the way i was , elend thought . 
 i wo n't continue to fret and worry . 
 tindwyl taught me better than that , even if she never really understood me . 
 elend arrived at his rooms a few moments later . 
 he stalked directly in , then opened his closet . 
 the clothing tindwyl had chosen for him-the clothing of a king-waited inside . 
 some of you may know of my fabled memory . 
 it is true ; i need not a feruchemist 's metalmind to memorize a sheet of words in an instant . 
 42 `` good , '' elend said , using a charcoal stick to circle another section on the city map before him . 
 `` what about here ? '' 
 demoux scratched his chin . 
 `` grainfield ? 
 that 's a nobleman 's neighborhood , my lord . '' 
 `` it used to be , '' elend said . 
 `` grainfield was filled with cousin houses to the ventures . 
 when my father pulled out of the city , so did most of them . '' 
 `` then we 'll probably find the homes filled with skaa transients , i 'd guess . '' 
 elend nodded . 
 `` move them out . '' 
 `` excuse me , my lord ? '' 
 demoux said . 
 the two stood in keep venture 's large carriage landing . 
 soldiers moved in a bustle through the spacious room . 
 many of them did n't wear uniforms ; they were n't on official city business . 
 elend was no longer king , but they had still come at his request . 
 that said something , at least . 
 `` we need to move the skaa out of those homes , '' elend continued . 
 `` noblemen 's houses are mostly stone mansions with a lot of small rooms . 
 they 're extremely hard to heat , requiring a separate hearth or a stove for every room . 
 the skaa tenements are depressing , but they have massive hearths and open rooms . '' 
 demoux nodded slowly . 
 `` the lord ruler could n't have his workers freezing , '' elend said . 
 `` those tenements are the best way to efficiently look after a large population of people with limited resources . '' 
 `` i understand , my lord , '' demoux said . 
 `` do n't force them , demoux , '' elend said . 
 `` my personal guard-even augmented with army volunteers-has no official authority in the city . 
 if a family wants to stay in their pilfered aristocratic house , let them . 
 just make certain that they know there 's an alternative to freezing . '' 
 demoux nodded , then moved over to pass on the commands . 
 elend turned as a messenger arrived . 
 the man had to weave his way through an organized jumble of soldiers receiving orders and making plans . 
 elend nodded to the newcomer . 
 `` you 're on the demolitions scout group , correct ? '' 
 the man nodded as he bowed . 
 he was n't in uniform ; he was a soldier , not one of elend 's guards . 
 he was a younger man , with a square jaw , balding head , and honest smile . 
 `` do n't i know you ? '' 
 elend said . 
 `` i helped you a year ago , my lord , '' the man said . 
 `` i led you into the lord ruler 's palace to help rescue lady vin ... '' `` goradel , '' elend said , remembering . 
 `` you used to be in the lord ruler 's personal guard . '' 
 the man nodded . 
 `` i joined up in your army after that day . 
 seemed like the thing to do . '' 
 elend smiled . 
 `` not my army anymore , goradel , but i do appreciate you coming to help us today . 
 what 's your report ? '' 
 `` you were right , my lord , '' goradel said , `` the skaa have already robbed the empty homes for furniture . 
 but , not many thought of the walls . 
 a good half of the abandoned mansions have wooden walls on the inside , and a lot of the tenements were made of wood . 
 most all of them have wooden roofs . '' 
 `` good , '' elend said . 
 he surveyed the gathering mass of men . 
 he had n't told them his plans ; he 'd simply asked for volunteers to help him with some manual labor . 
 he had n't expected the response to number in the hundreds . 
 `` it looks like we 're gathering quite a group , my lord , '' demoux said , rejoining elend . 
 elend nodded , giving leave for goradel to withdraw . 
 `` we 'll be able to try an even more ambitious project than i 'd planned . '' 
 `` my lord , '' demoux said . 
 `` are you certain you want to start tearing the city down around ourselves ? '' 
 `` we either lose buildings or we lose people , demoux , '' elend said . 
 `` the buildings go . '' 
 `` and if the king tries to stop us ? '' 
 `` then we obey , '' elend said . 
 `` but i do n't think lord penrod will object . 
 he 's too busy trying to get a bill through the assembly that hands the city over to my father . 
 besides , it 's probably better for him to have these men here , working , than it is to have them sitting and worrying in the barracks . '' 
 demoux fell silent . 
 elend did as well ; both knew how precarious their position was . 
 only a short time had passed since the assassination attempt and the transfer of power , and the city was in shock . 
 cett was still holed up inside of keep hasting , and his armies had moved into position to attack the city . 
 luthadel was like a man with a knife pressed very closely to his throat . 
 each breath cut the skin . 
 i ca n't do much about that now , elend thought . 
 i have to make certain the people do n't freeze these next few nights . 
 he could feel the bitter cold , despite the daylight , his cloak , and the shelter . 
 there were a lot of people in luthadel , but if he could get enough men tearing down enough buildings , he just might be able to do some good . 
 `` my lord ! '' 
 elend turned as a short man with a drooping mustache approached . 
 `` ah , felt , '' he said . 
 `` you have news ? '' 
 the man was working on the poisoned-food problem-specifically how the city was being breached . 
 the scout nodded . 
 `` i do indeed , my lord . 
 we interrogated the refugees with a rioter , and we came up dry . 
 then , however , i started thinking . 
 the refugees seemed too obvious to me . 
 strangers in the city ? 
 of course they 'd be the first ones we 'd suspect . 
 i figured , with how much has been going wrong with the wells and the food and the like , someone has to be sneaking in and out of the city . '' 
 elend nodded . 
 they 'd been watching cett 's soldiers inside keep hasting very carefully , and none of them was responsible . 
 straff 's mistborn was still a possibility , but vin had never believed that he was behind the poisoning . 
 elend hoped that the trail-if it could be found-would lead back to someone in his own palace , hopefully revealing who on his serving staff had been replaced by a kandra . 
 `` well ? '' 
 elend asked . 
 `` i interrogated the people who run passwalls , '' felt continued . 
 `` i do n't think they 're to blame . '' 
 `` passwalls ? '' 
 felt nodded . 
 `` covert passages out of the city . 
 tunnels or the like . '' 
 `` such things exist ? '' 
 elend asked with surprise . 
 `` of course , my lord , '' felt said . 
 `` moving between cities was very difficult for skaa thieves during the lord ruler 's reign . 
 everyone who entered luthadel was subject to interview and interrogation . 
 so , ways to get into the city covertly were very prevalent . 
 most of those have shut down-the ones who used to lower people up and down by ropes over the walls . 
 a few are still running , but i do n't think they are letting the spies in . 
 once that first well was poisoned , the passwalls all got paranoid that you 'd come after them . 
 since then , they 've only been letting people out of the city-ones who want to run from the besieged city and the like . '' 
 elend frowned . 
 he was n't certain what he thought of the fact that people were disobeying his order that the gates be shut , with no passage out . 
 `` next , '' felt said , `` i tried the river . '' 
 `` we thought of that , '' elend said . 
 `` the grates covering the water are all secure . '' 
 felt smiled . 
 `` that they are . 
 i sent some men down under the water to search about , and we found several locks down below , keeping the river grates in place . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` someone pried the grates free , my lord , '' felt said , `` then locked them back into place so it would n't look suspicious . 
 that way , they could swim in and out at their leisure . '' 
 elend raised an eyebrow . 
 `` you want us to replace the grates ? '' 
 felt asked . 
 `` no , '' elend said . 
 `` no , just replace those locks with new ones , then post men to watch . 
 next time those prisoners try and get into the city , i want them to find themselves trapped . '' 
 felt nodded , retreating with a happy smile on his face . 
 his talents as a spy had n't been put to much good use lately , and he seemed to be enjoying the tasks elend was giving him . 
 elend made a mental note to think about putting felt to work on locating the kandra spy-assuming , of course , that felt himself was n't the spy . 
 `` my lord , '' demoux said , approaching . 
 `` i think i might be able to offer a second opinion on how the poisonings are occurring . '' 
 elend turned . 
 `` oh ? '' 
 demoux nodded , waving for a man to approach from the side of the room . 
 he was younger , perhaps eighteen , and had the dirty face and clothing of a skaa worker . 
 `` this is larn , '' demoux said . 
 `` a member of my congregation . '' 
 the young man bowed to elend , posture nervous . 
 `` you may speak , larn , '' demoux said . 
 `` tell lord venture what you saw . '' 
 `` well , my lord , '' the young man said . 
 `` i tried to go tell this to the king . 
 the new king , i mean . '' 
 he flushed , embarrassed . 
 `` it 's all right , '' elend said . 
 `` continue . '' 
 `` well , the men there turned me away . 
 said the king did n't have time for me . 
 so , i came to lord demoux . 
 i figured he might believe me . '' 
 `` about what ? '' 
 elend asked . 
 `` inquisitor , my lord , '' the man said quietly . 
 `` i saw one in the city . '' 
 elend felt a chill . 
 `` you 're sure ? '' 
 the young man nodded . 
 `` i 've lived in luthadel all my life , my lord . 
 watched executions a number of times . 
 i 'd recognize one of those monsters , sure i would . 
 i saw him . 
 spikes through the eyes , tall and robed , slinking about at night . 
 near the center squares of the city . 
 i promise you . '' 
 elend shared a look with demoux . 
 `` he 's not the only one , my lord , '' demoux said quietly . 
 `` some other members of my congregation claimed to have seen an inquisitor hanging around kredik shaw . 
 i dismissed the first few , but larn , he 's trustworthy . 
 if he said he saw something , he did . 
 eyes nearly as good as a tineye , that one . '' 
 elend nodded slowly , and ordered a patrol from his personal guard to keep watch in the area indicated . 
 after that , he turned his attention back to the wood-gathering effort . 
 he gave the orders , organizing the men into teams , sending some to begin working , others to gather recruits . 
 without fuel , many of the city 's forges had shut down , and the workers were idle . 
 they could use something to occupy their time . 
 elend saw energy in the men 's eyes as they began to split up . 
 elend knew that determination , that firmness of eye and arm . 
 it came from the satisfaction of doing something , of not just sitting around and waiting for fate-or kings-to act . 
 elend turned back to the map , making a few notations . 
 from the corner of his eye , he saw ham saunter in . 
 `` so this is where they all went ! '' 
 ham said . 
 `` the sparring grounds are empty . '' 
 elend looked up , smiling . 
 `` you 're back to the uniform , then ? '' 
 ham asked . 
 elend glanced down at his white outfit . 
 designed to stand out , to set him apart from a city stained by ash . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` too bad , '' ham said with a sigh . 
 `` nobody should have to wear a uniform . '' 
 elend raised an eyebrow . 
 in the face of undeniable winter , ham had finally taken to wearing a shirt beneath his vest . 
 he wore no cloak or coat , however . 
 elend turned back to the map . 
 `` the clothing suits me , '' he said . 
 `` it just feels right . 
 anyway , that vest of yours is as much a uniform as this is . '' 
 `` no it 's not . '' 
 `` oh ? '' 
 elend asked . 
 `` nothing screams thug like a man who goes about in the winter without a coat , ham . 
 you 've used your clothing to change how people react to you , to let them know who you are and what you represent-which is essentially what a uniform does . '' 
 ham paused . 
 `` that 's an interesting way of looking at it . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 elend said . 
 `` you never argued about something like this with breeze ? '' 
 ham shook his head as he turned to look over the groups of men , listening to the men elend had appointed to give orders . 
 he 's changed , elend thought . 
 running this city , dealing with all of this , it 's even changed him . 
 the thug was more solemn , now-more focused . 
 of course , he had even more stake in the city 's safety than the rest of the crew . 
 it was sometimes hard to remember that the free-spirited thug was a family man . 
 ham tended to not talk much about mardra or his two children . 
 elend suspected it was habit ; ham had spent much of his marriage living apart from his family in order to keep them safe . 
 this whole city is my family , elend thought , watching the soldiers leave to do their work . 
 some might have thought something as simple as gathering firewood to be a mundane task , of little relevance in a city threatened by three armies . 
 however , elend knew that the freezing skaa people would receive the fuel with as much appreciation as they would salvation from the armies . 
 the truth was that elend felt a little like his soldiers did . 
 he felt a satisfaction-a thrill even-from doing something , anything , to help . 
 `` what if cett 's attack comes ? '' 
 ham said , still looking over the soldiers . 
 `` a good portion of the army will be out scattered through the city . '' 
 `` even if we have a thousand men in my teams , that 's not much of a dent in our forces . 
 besides , clubs thinks there will be plenty of time to gather them . 
 we 've got messengers set up . '' 
 elend looked back at his map . 
 `` anyway , i do n't think cett 's going to attack just yet . 
 he 's pretty safe in that keep , there . 
 we 'll never take him-we 'd have to pull too many men away from the city defenses , leaving ourselves exposed . 
 the only thing he really has to worry about is my father ... '' elend trailed off . 
 `` what ? '' 
 ham said . 
 `` that 's why cett is here , '' elend said , blinking in surprise . 
 `` do n't you see ? 
 he intentionally left himself without options . 
 if straff attacks , cett 's armies will end up fighting alongside our own . 
 he 's locked in his fate with ours . '' 
 ham frowned . 
 `` seems like a pretty desperate move . '' 
 elend nodded , thinking back to his meeting with cett . '' 
 ` desperate , ' '' he said . 
 `` that 's a good word . 
 cett is desperate for some reason-one i have n't been able to figure out . 
 anyway , by putting himself in here , he sides with us against straff-whether we want the alliance or not . '' 
 `` but , what if the assembly gives the city to straff ? 
 if our men join with him and attack cett ? '' 
 `` that 's the gamble he took , '' elend said . 
 cett never intended to be able to walk away from the confrontation here in luthadel . 
 he intends to take the city or be destroyed . 
 he is waiting , hoping straff will attack , worrying that we 'll just give into him . 
 but neither can happen as long as straff is afraid of vin . 
 a three-way standoff . 
 with the koloss as a fourth element that nobody can predict . 
 someone needed to do something to tip the scales . 
 `` demoux , '' elend said . 
 `` are you ready to take over here ? '' 
 captain demoux looked over , nodding . 
 elend turned to ham . 
 `` i have a question for you , ham . '' 
 ham raised an eyebrow . 
 `` how insane are you feeling at the moment ? 
 elend led his horse out of the tunnel into the scraggly landscape outside of luthadel . 
 he turned , craning to look up at the wall . 
 hopefully , the soldiers there had gotten his message , and would n't mistake him for a spy or a scout of one of the enemy armies . 
 he 'd rather not end up in tindwyl 's histories as the ex-king who 'd died by an arrow from one of his own men . 
 ham led a small , grizzled woman from the tunnel . 
 as elend had guessed , ham had easily found a suitable passwall to get them out of the city . 
 `` well , there you go , '' said the elderly woman , resting on her cane . 
 `` thank you , good woman , '' elend said . 
 `` you have served your dominance well this day . '' 
 the woman snorted , raising an eyebrow-though , from what elend could tell , she was quite nearly blind . 
 elend smiled , pulling out a pouch and handing it to her . 
 she reached into it with gnarled , but surprisingly dexterous , fingers and counted out the contents . 
 `` three extra ? '' 
 `` to pay you to leave a scout here , '' elend said . 
 `` to watch for our return . '' 
 `` return ? '' 
 the woman asked . 
 `` you are n't running ? '' 
 `` no , '' elend said . 
 `` i just have some business with one of the armies . '' 
 the woman raised the eyebrow again . 
 `` well , none of granny 's business , '' she muttered , turning back down the hole with a tapping cane . 
 `` for three clips , i can find a grandson to sit out here for a few hours . 
 lord ruler knows , i have enough of them . '' 
 ham watched her go , a spark of fondness in his eyes . 
 `` how long have you known about this place ? '' 
 elend asked , watching as a couple of burly men pulled closed the hidden section of stone . 
 half burrowed , half cut from the wall 's stones themselves , the tunnel was a remarkable feat . 
 even after hearing about the existence of such things from felt earlier , it was still a shock to travel through one hidden not a few minutes ' ride from keep venture itself . 
 ham turned back to him as the false wall snapped shut . 
 `` oh , i 've known of this for years and years , '' he said . 
 `` granny hilde used to give me sweets when i was a kid . 
 of course , that was really just a cheap way of getting some quiet-yet well-targeted-publicity for her passwall . 
 when i was grown , i used to use this to sneak mardra and the kids in and out of the city when they came to visit . '' 
 `` wait , '' elend said . 
 `` you grew up in luthadel ? '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 `` on the streets , like vin ? '' 
 ham shook his head . 
 `` not really like vin , '' he said in a subdued voice , scanning the wall . 
 `` i do n't really think anyone grew up like vin . 
 i had skaa parents-my grandfather was the nobleman . 
 i was involved with the underground , but i had my parents for a good portion of my childhood . 
 besides , i was a boy-and a large one . '' 
 he turned toward elend . 
 `` i suspect that makes a big difference . '' 
 elend nodded . 
 `` you 're not going to shut this place down , are you ? '' 
 ham asked . 
 elend turned with shock . 
 `` why would i ? '' 
 ham shrugged . 
 `` it does n't exactly seem like the kind of honest enterprise that you would approve of . 
 there are probably people fleeing from the city nightly through this hole . 
 granny hilde is known to take coin and not ask questions-even if she does grumble at you a bit . '' 
 ham did have a point . 
 probably why he did n't tell me about the place until i specifically asked . 
 his friends walked a fine line , close to their old ties with the underground , yet working hard to build up the government they 'd sacrificed so much to create . 
 `` i 'm not king , '' elend said , leading his horse away from the city . 
 `` what granny hilde does is n't any of my business . '' 
 ham moved up beside him , looking relieved . 
 elend could see that relief dissipate , however , as the reality of what they were doing settled in . 
 `` i do n't like this , el . '' 
 they stopped walking as elend mounted . 
 `` neither do i. '' ham took a deep breath , then nodded . 
 my old nobleman friends would have tried to talk me out of this , elend thought with amusement . 
 why did i surround myself with people who had been loyal to the survivor ? 
 they expect their leaders to take irrational risks . 
 `` i 'll go with you , '' ham said . 
 `` no , '' elend said . 
 `` it wo n't make a difference . 
 stay here , wait to see if i get back . 
 if i do n't , tell vin what happened . '' 
 `` sure , i 'll tell her , '' ham said wryly . 
 `` then i 'll proceed to remove her daggers from my chest . 
 just make sure you come back , all right ? '' 
 elend nodded , barely paying attention . 
 his eyes were focused on the army in the distance . 
 an army without tents , carriages , food carts , or servants . 
 an army who had eaten the foliage to the ground in a wide swath around them . 
 koloss . 
 sweat made the reins slick in elend 's hands . 
 this was different from before , when he 'd gone into straff 's army and cett 's keep . 
 this time he was alone . 
 vin could n't get him out if things went bad ; she was still recovering from her wounds , and nobody knew what elend was doing but ham . 
 what do i owe the people of this city ? 
 elend thought . 
 they rejected me . 
 why do i still insist on trying to protect them ? 
 `` i recognize that look , el , '' ham said . 
 `` let 's go back . '' 
 elend closed his eyes , letting out a quiet sigh . 
 then he snapped his eyes open and kicked his horse into a gallop . 
 it had been years since he 'd seen koloss , and that experience had come only at his father 's insistence . 
 straff had n't trusted the creatures , and had never liked having garrisons of them in the northern dominance , one just a few days ' march from his home city of urteau . 
 those koloss had been a reminder , a warning , from the lord ruler . 
 elend rode his horse hard , as if using its momentum to bolster his own will . 
 aside from one brief visit to the urteau koloss garrison , everything he knew of the creatures came from books-but tindwyl 's instruction had weakened his once absolute , and slightly naive , trust in his learning . 
 it will have to be enough , elend thought as he approached the camp . 
 he gritted his teeth , slowing his animal as he approached a wandering squad of koloss . 
 it was as he remembered . 
 one large creature-its skin revoltingly split and cracked by stretch marks-led a few medium-sized beasts , whose bleeding rips were only beginning to appear at the corners of their mouths and the edges of their eyes . 
 a smattering of smaller creatures-their baggy skin loose and sagging beneath their eyes and arms-accompanied their betters . 
 elend reined in his horse , trotting it over to the largest beast . 
 `` take me to jastes . '' 
 `` get off your horse , '' the koloss said . 
 elend looked the creature directly in the eyes . 
 atop his horse , he was nearly the same height . 
 `` take me to jastes . '' 
 the koloss regarded him with a set of beady , unreadable eyes . 
 it bore a rip from one eye to the other , above the nose , a secondary rip curving down to one of the nostrils . 
 the nose itself was pulled so tight it was twisted and flattened , held to the bone a few inches off-center . 
 this was the moment . 
 the books said the creature would either do as commanded or simply attack him . 
 elend sat tensely . 
 `` come , '' the koloss snapped , turning to walk back toward the camp . 
 the rest of the creatures surrounded elend 's horse , and the beast shuffled nervously . 
 elend kept a tight hold on his reins and nudged the animal forward . 
 it responded skittishly . 
 he should have felt good at his small victory , but his tension only increased . 
 they moved forward into the koloss camp . 
 it was like being swallowed . 
 like letting a rockslide collapse around you . 
 koloss looked up as he passed , watching him with their red , emotionless eyes . 
 many others just stood silently around their cooking fires , unresponsive , like men who had been born dull-minded and witless . 
 others fought . 
 they killed each other , wrestling on the ground before their uncaring companions . 
 no philosopher , scientist , or scholar had been able to determine exactly what set off a koloss . 
 greed seemed a good motivation . 
 yet , they would sometimes attack when there was plenty of food , killing a companion for his hunk of beef . 
 pain was another good motivator , apparently , as was a challenge to authority . 
 carnal , visceral reasons . 
 and yet , there seemed to be times when they attacked without any cause or reason . 
 and after fighting , they would explain themselves in calm tones , as if their actions were perfectly rational . 
 elend shivered as he heard yells , telling himself that he would probably be all right until he reached jastes . 
 koloss usually just attacked each other . 
 unless they got into a blood frenzy . 
 he pushed that thought away , instead focusing on the things that sazed had mentioned about his trip into the koloss camp . 
 the creatures wore the wide , brutish iron swords that sazed had described . 
 the bigger the koloss , the bigger the weapon . 
 when a koloss reached a size where he thought he needed a larger sword , he had only two choices : find one that had been discarded , or kill someone and take theirs . 
 a koloss population could often be crudely controlled by increasing or decreasing the number of swords available to the group . 
 none of the scholars knew how the creatures bred . 
 as sazed had explained , these koloss also had strange little pouches tied to their sword straps . 
 what are they ? 
 elend thought . 
 sazed said he saw the largest koloss carrying three or four . 
 but that one leading my group has almost twenty . 
 even the small koloss in elend 's group had three pouches . 
 that 's the difference , he thought . 
 whatever is in those pouches , could it be the way jastes controls the creatures ? 
 there was no way to know , save begging one of the pouches off a koloss-and he doubted they would let them go . 
 as he walked , he noticed another oddity : some of the koloss were wearing clothing . 
 before , he 'd seen them only in loincloths , as sazed had reported . 
 yet , many of these koloss had pants , shirts , or skirts pulled onto their bodies . 
 they wore the clothing without regard for size , and most pieces were so tight they had torn . 
 others were so loose they had to be tied on . 
 elend saw a few of the larger koloss wearing garments like bandanas tied around their arms or heads . 
 `` we are not koloss , '' the lead koloss suddenly said , turning to elend as they walked . 
 elend frowned . 
 `` explain . '' 
 `` you think we are koloss , '' it said through lips that were stretched too tightly to work properly . 
 `` we are humans . 
 we will live in your city . 
 we will kill you , and we will take it . '' 
 elend shivered , realizing the source of the mismatched garments . 
 they had come from the village that the koloss had attacked , the one whose refugees had trickled into luthadel . 
 this appeared to be a new development in koloss thinking . 
 or , had it always been there , repressed by the lord ruler ? 
 the scholar in elend was fascinated . 
 the rest of him was simply horrified . 
 his koloss guide paused before a small group of tents , the only such structures in the camp . 
 then the lead koloss turned and yelled , startling elend 's horse . 
 elend fought to keep his mount from throwing him as the koloss jumped and attacked one of its companions , proceeding to pummel it with a massive fist . 
 elend won his struggle . 
 the lead koloss , however , did not . 
 elend climbed off his horse , patting the beast on the neck as the victimized koloss pulled his sword from the chest of his former leader . 
 the survivor-who now bore several cuts in his skin that had n't come from stretching-bent down to harvest the pouches tied to the corpse 's back . 
 elend watched with a muted fascination as the koloss stood and spoke . 
 `` he was never a good leader , '' it said in a slurred voice . 
 i ca n't let these monsters attack my city , elend thought . 
 i have to do something . 
 he pulled his horse forward , turning his back on the koloss as he entered the secluded section of camp , watched over by a group of nervous young men in uniforms . 
 elend handed his reins to one of them . 
 `` take care of this for me , '' elend said , striding forward . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 one of the soldiers said . 
 `` halt ! '' 
 elend turned sharply , facing the shorter man , who was trying to both level his spear at elend and keep an eye on the koloss . 
 elend did n't try to be harsh ; he just wanted to keep his own anxiety under control and keep moving . 
 either way , the resulting glare probably would have impressed even tindwyl . 
 the soldier jerked to a halt . 
 `` i am elend venture , '' elend said . 
 `` you know that name ? '' 
 the man nodded . 
 `` you may announce me to lord lekal , '' elend said . 
 `` just get to the tent before i do . '' 
 the young man took off at a dash . 
 elend followed , striding up to the tent , where other soldiers stood hesitantly . 
 what must it have done to them , elend wondered , living surrounded by koloss , so terribly outnumbered ? 
 feeling a stab of pity , he did n't try to bully his way in . 
 he stood with faux patience until a voice called from inside . 
 `` let him in . '' 
 elend brushed past the guards and threw open the tent flap . 
 the months had not been kind to jastes lekal . 
 somehow , the few wisps of hair on his head looked far more pathetic than complete baldness would have . 
 his suit was sloppy and stained , his eyes underlined by a pair of deep bags . 
 he was pacing , and jumped slightly when elend entered . 
 then he froze for a moment , eyes wide . 
 finally , he raised a quivering hand to push back hair he did n't have . 
 `` elend ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` what in the lord ruler 's name happened to you ? '' 
 `` responsibility , jastes , '' elend said quietly . 
 `` it appears that neither of us were ready for it . '' 
 `` out , '' jastes said , waving to his guards . 
 they shuffled past elend , closing the tent flap behind them . 
 `` it 's been a while , elend , '' jastes said , chuckling weakly . 
 elend nodded . 
 `` i remember those days , '' jastes said , `` sitting in your den or mine , sharing a drink with telden . 
 we were so innocent , were n't we ? '' 
 `` innocent , '' elend said , `` but hopeful . '' 
 `` want something to drink ? '' 
 jastes said , turning toward the room 's desk . 
 elend eyed the bottles and flasks lying in the corner of the room . 
 they were all empty . 
 jastes removed a full bottle from the desk and poured elend a small cup , the size and clear color an indication that this was no simple dinner wine . 
 elend accepted the small cup , but did not drink . 
 `` what happened , jastes ? 
 how did the clever , thoughtful philosopher i knew turn into a tyrant ? '' 
 `` tyrant ? '' 
 jastes snapped , downing his cup in a single shot . 
 `` i 'm no tyrant . 
 your father 's the tyrant . 
 i 'm just a realist . '' 
 `` sitting at the center of a koloss army does n't seem to be a very realistic position to me . '' 
 `` i can control them . '' 
 `` and suisna ? '' 
 elend asked . 
 `` the village they slaughtered ? '' 
 jastes wavered . 
 `` that was an unfortunate accident . '' 
 elend looked down at the drink in his hand , then threw it aside , the liquor splashing on the dusty tent floor . 
 `` this is n't my father 's den , and we are not friends any longer . 
 i will call no man friend who leads something like this against my city . 
 what happened to your honor , jastes lekal ? '' 
 jastes snorted , glancing at the spilled liquor . 
 `` that 's always been the problem with you , elend . 
 so certain , so optimistic , so self-righteous . '' 
 `` it was our optimism , '' elend said , stepping forward . 
 `` we wanted to change things , jastes , not destroy them ! '' 
 `` is that so ? '' 
 jastes countered , showing a temper elend had never seen in his friend . 
 `` you want to know why i 'm here , elend ? 
 did you even pay attention to what was happening in the southern dominance while you played in luthadel ? '' 
 `` i 'm sorry about what happened to your family , jastes . '' 
 `` sorry ? '' 
 jastes said , snatching the bottle off his desk . 
 `` you 're sorry ? 
 i implemented your plans , elend . 
 i did everything we talked about-freedom , political honesty . 
 i trusted my allies rather than crushing them into submission . 
 and you know what happened ? '' 
 elend closed his eyes . 
 `` they killed everyone , elend , '' jastes said . 
 `` that 's what you do when you take over . 
 you kill your rivals and their families-even the young girls , even the babies . 
 and you leave their bodies , as a warning . 
 that 's good politics . 
 that 's how you stay in power ! '' 
 `` it 's easy to believe in something when you win all the time , jastes , '' elend said , opening his eyes . 
 `` the losses are what define a man 's faith . '' 
 `` losses ? '' 
 jastes demanded . 
 `` my sister was a loss ? '' 
 `` no , i mean - '' `` enough ! '' 
 jastes snapped , slamming the bottle down on his desk . 
 `` guards ! '' 
 two men threw back the tent flap and moved into the room . 
 `` take his majesty captive , '' jastes said , with an unsteady wave of his hand . 
 `` send a messenger to the city , tell them that we want to negotiate . '' 
 `` i 'm not king anymore , jastes , '' elend said . 
 jastes stopped . 
 `` do you think i 'd come here and let myself get captured if i were king ? '' 
 elend asked . 
 `` they deposed me . 
 the assembly invoked a no-confidence clause and chose a new king . '' 
 `` you bloody idiot , '' jastes said . 
 `` losses , jastes , '' elend said . 
 `` it has n't been as hard for me as it was for you , but i do think i understand . '' 
 `` so , '' jastes said , running a hand through his `` hair , '' `` that fancy suit and haircut did n't save you , eh ? '' 
 `` take your koloss and go , jastes . '' 
 `` that sounded like a threat , elend , '' jastes said . 
 `` you are n't king , you do n't have an army , and i do n't see your mistborn around . 
 what grounds do you have for threats ? '' 
 `` they 're koloss , '' elend said . 
 `` do you really want them getting into the city ? 
 it 's your home , jastes-or , it was once . 
 there are thousands of people inside ! '' 
 `` i can ... control my army , '' jastes said . 
 `` no , i doubt you can , '' elend said . 
 `` what happened , jastes ? 
 did they decide they needed a king ? 
 they decided that 's the way that ` humans ' did it , so they should do it , too ? 
 what is it that they carry in those pouches ? '' 
 jastes did n't answer . 
 elend sighed . 
 `` what happens when one of them just snaps and attacks you ? '' 
 jastes shook his head . 
 `` i 'm sorry , elend , '' he said quietly . 
 `` i ca n't let straff get that atium . '' 
 `` and my people ? '' 
 jastes paused only briefly , then lowered his eyes and motioned to the guards . 
 one laid a hand on elend 's shoulder . 
 elend 's reaction surprised even himself . 
 he slammed his elbow up into the man 's face , shattering his nose , then took the other man down with a kick to the leg . 
 before jastes could do more than cry out , elend jumped forward . 
 elend ripped an obsidian knife-given to him by vin-from his boot and caught jastes by the shoulder . 
 elend slammed the whimpering man around , pushing him backward onto the desk and-barely thinking to consider his actions-rammed the knife into his old friend 's shoulder . 
 jastes emitted a loud , pathetic scream . 
 `` if killing you would do anything useful , jastes , '' elend growled , `` i 'd do it right now . 
 but i do n't know how you control these things , and i do n't want to set them loose . '' 
 soldiers piled into the room . 
 elend did n't look up . 
 he slapped jastes , stopping his cries of pain . 
 `` you listen , '' elend said . 
 `` i do n't care if you 've been hurt , i do n't care if you do n't believe in the philosophies anymore , and i do n't really care if you get yourself killed playing politics with straff and cett . 
 `` but i do care if you threaten my people . 
 i want you to march your army out of my dominance-go attack straff 's homeland , or maybe cett 's . 
 they 're both undefended . 
 i promise i wo n't let your enemies get the atium . 
 `` and , as a friend , i 'll give you a bit of counsel . 
 think about that wound in your arm for a little while , jastes . 
 i was your best friend , and i nearly killed you . 
 what the hell are you doing sitting in the middle of an entire army of deranged koloss ? '' 
 soldiers surrounded him . 
 elend stood , ripping the knife from jastes 's body and spinning the man around , pressing the weapon against his throat . 
 the guards froze . 
 `` i 'm leaving , '' elend said , pushing the confused jastes ahead of him , moving out of the tent . 
 he noticed with some concern that there were barely a dozen human guards . 
 sazed had counted more . 
 where had jastes lost them ? 
 there was no sign of elend 's horse . 
 so he kept a wary eye on the soldiers , pulling jastes toward the invisible line between the human camp and the koloss one . 
 elend turned as he reached the perimeter , then pushed jastes back toward his men . 
 they caught him , one pulling out a bandage for the arm . 
 others made moves as if to chase elend , but they paused , hesitant . 
 elend had crossed the line into the koloss camp . 
 he stood quietly , watching the pathetic group of young soldiers , jastes at their center . 
 even as they ministered to him , elend could see the look in jastes 's eyes . 
 hatred . 
 he would n't retreat . 
 the man elend had known was dead , replaced by this product of a new world that did n't kindly regard philosophers and idealists . 
 elend turned away , walking among the koloss . 
 a group of them quickly approached . 
 the same one as before ? 
 he could n't tell for certain . 
 `` take me out , '' elend commanded , meeting the eyes of the largest koloss in the team . 
 either elend seemed more commanding now , or this koloss was more easily cowed , for there was no argument . 
 the creature simply nodded and began to shuffle out of the camp , his team surrounding elend . 
 this trip was a waste , elend thought with frustration . 
 all i did was antagonize jastes . 
 i risked my life for nothing . 
 if only i could find out what was in those pouches ! 
 he eyed the group of koloss around him . 
 it was a typical group , ranging in size from five feet to one ten-foot monstrosity . 
 they walked along with slumped , unengaged postures ... elend still had his knife out . 
 this is stupid , he thought . 
 for some reason , that did n't stop him from choosing the smallest koloss in the group , taking a deep breath , and attacking . 
 the rest of the koloss paused to watch . 
 the creature elend had chosen spun-but in the wrong direction . 
 it turned to face its companion koloss , the one nearest to it in size , as elend tackled it , ramming the knife into its back . 
 even at five feet with a small build , the koloss was incredibly strong . 
 it tossed elend off , bellowing in pain . 
 elend , however , managed to keep hold of his dagger . 
 ca n't let it get out that sword , he thought , scrambling to his feet and ramming his knife into the creature 's thigh . 
 the koloss dropped again , punching at elend with one arm , fingers reaching for its sword with the other . 
 elend took the punch to the chest , and fell back to the sooty ground . 
 he groaned , gasping . 
 the koloss pulled out its sword , but had trouble standing . 
 both knife wounds bled stark red blood ; the liquid seemed brighter , more reflective , than that of a human , but that might have just been a contrast with the deep blue skin . 
 the koloss finally managed to gain its feet , and elend realized his mistake . 
 he 'd let the adrenaline of his confrontation with jastes-his frustration at his inability to stop the armies-drive him . 
 he 'd sparred a lot lately , but he was in no position to take a koloss . 
 but it was far too late to worry about that now . 
 elend rolled out of the way as a thick , clublike sword smashed to the ground beside him . 
 instincts overrode terror , and he mostly managed to avoid the backswing . 
 it took him a bit in the side , spraying a patch of blood across his once white uniform , but he barely even felt the cut . 
 only one way to win a knife fight against a guy with a sword ... elend thought , gripping his knife . 
 the thought , oddly , had n't come from one of his trainers , or even from vin . 
 he was n't sure where it came from , but he trusted it . 
 close in tight as fast as possible , and kill quickly . 
 and elend attacked . 
 the koloss swung as well . 
 elend could see the attack , but could n't do anything about it . 
 he could only throw himself forward , knife raised , teeth clenched . 
 he rammed his knife into the koloss 's eye , barely managing to get inside the creature 's reach . 
 even so , the hilt of the sword hit him in the stomach . 
 both dropped . 
 elend groaned quietly , slowly becoming aware of the hard , ash-packed earth and weeds eaten down to their roots . 
 a fallen twig was scratching his cheek . 
 odd that he would notice that , considering the pain in his chest . 
 he stumbled to his feet . 
 the koloss he 'd attacked did not rise . 
 its companions stood , looking unconcerned , though their eyes were focused on him . 
 they seemed to want something . 
 `` he ate my horse , '' elend said , saying the first thing that came to his clouded mind . 
 the group of koloss nodded . 
 elend stumbled forward , wiping the ash from his cheek with a dazed hand as he knelt beside the dead creature . 
 he ripped his knife out , then slid it back in his boot . 
 next he unfastened the pouches ; this koloss had two . 
 finally , not certain why , he grabbed the creature 's large sword and rested it up on his shoulder . 
 it was so weighty that he could barely carry it , and certainly would n't be able to swing it . 
 how does a creature so small use something like this ? 
 the koloss watched him work without comment ; then they led him out of the camp . 
 once they had retreated , elend pulled open one of the pouches and looked inside . 
 he should n't have been surprised by what he found inside . 
 jastes had decided to control his army the old-fashioned way . 
 he was paying them . 
 the others call me mad . 
 as i have said , that may be true . 
 43 mist poured into the dark room , collapsing around vin like a waterfall as she stood in the open balcony doorway . 
 elend was a motionless lump sleeping in his bed a short distance away . 
 apparently , mistress , oreseur had explained , he went into the koloss camp alone . 
 you were asleep , and none of us knew what he was doing . 
 i do n't think he managed to persuade the creatures not to attack , but he did come back with some very useful information . 
 oreseur sat on his haunches beside her . 
 he had not asked why vin had come to elend 's rooms , nor why she stood , quietly watching the former king in the night . 
 she could n't protect him . 
 she tried so hard , but the impossibility of keeping even one person safe suddenly seemed so real-so tangible-to her that she felt sick . 
 elend had been right to go out . 
 he was his own man , competent , kingly . 
 what he had done would only put him in more danger , however . 
 fear had been a companion of hers for such a long time that she had grown accustomed to it , and it rarely caused a physical reaction in her . 
 yet , watching him sleep quietly , she found her hands traitorously unsteady . 
 i saved him from the assassins . 
 i protected him . 
 i 'm a powerful allomancer . 
 why , then , do i feel so helpless ? 
 so alone . 
 she walked forward , bare feet silent as she stepped up to elend 's bed . 
 he did not wake . 
 she stood for a long moment , just looking at him peaceful in his slumber . 
 oreseur growled quietly . 
 vin spun . 
 a figure stood on the balcony , straight-backed and black , a near silhouette even to her tin-enhanced eyes . 
 mist fell before him , pooling on the floor , spreading out like an ethereal moss . 
 `` zane , '' she whispered . 
 `` he is not safe , vin , '' he said , stepping slowly into the room , pushing a wave of mist before him . 
 she looked back at elend . 
 `` he never will be . '' 
 `` i came to tell you that there is a traitor in your midst . '' 
 vin looked up . 
 `` who ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` the man , demoux , '' zane said . 
 `` he contacted my father a short time before the assassination attempt , offering to open the gates and give up the city . '' 
 vin frowned . 
 that makes no sense . 
 zane stepped forward . 
 `` cett 's work , vin . 
 he is a snake , even among high lords . 
 i do n't know how he bribed away one of your own men , but i do know that demoux tried to provoke my father to attack the city during the voting . '' 
 vin paused . 
 if straff had attacked at that moment , it would have reinforced the impression that he had sent the assassins in the first place . 
 `` elend and penrod were supposed to die , '' zane said . 
 `` with the assembly in chaos , cett could have taken charge . 
 he could have led his forces-along with your own-against straff 's attacking army . 
 he would have become the savior who protected luthadel against the tyranny of an invader ... '' vin stood quietly . 
 just because zane said it did n't mean it was true . 
 yet , her investigations whispered that demoux was the traitor . 
 she 'd recognized the assassin at the assembly , and he had been from cett 's retinue , so she knew that zane was telling the truth about at least one thing . 
 plus , cett had precedent for sending allomancer assassins : he had sent the ones months ago , when vin had used the last of her atium . 
 zane had saved her life during that fight . 
 she clenched her fists , frustration biting at her chest . 
 if he 's right , then demoux is dead , and an enemy kandra has been in the palace , spending his days just steps away from elend . 
 even if zane lies , we still have a tyrant inside the city , another without . 
 a force of koloss salivating over the people . 
 and elend does n't need me . 
 because there 's nothing i can do . 
 `` i see your frustration , '' zane whispered , stepping up beside elend 's bed , looking down at his sleeping brother . 
 `` you keep listening to him . 
 you want to protect him , but he wo n't let you . '' 
 zane looked up , meeting her eyes . 
 she saw an implication in them . 
 there was something she could do-the thing a part of her had wanted to do from the beginning . 
 the thing she 'd been trained to do . 
 `` cett almost killed the man you love , '' zane said . 
 `` your elend does as he wishes . 
 well , let us do as you wish . '' 
 he looked into her eyes . 
 `` we have been someone else 's knives for too long . 
 let 's show cett why he should fear us . '' 
 her fury , her frustration at the siege , yearned to do as zane suggested . 
 yet , she wavered , her thoughts in chaos . 
 she had killed-killed well-just a short time before , and it had terrified her . 
 yet ... elend could take risks-insane risks , traveling into an army of koloss on his own . 
 it almost felt like a betrayal . 
 she had worked so hard to protect him , straining herself , exposing herself . 
 then , just a few days later , he wandered alone into a camp full of monsters . 
 she gritted her teeth . 
 part of her whispered that if elend would n't be reasonable and stay out of danger , she 'd just have to go and make sure the threats against him were removed . 
 `` let 's go , '' she whispered . 
 zane nodded . 
 `` realize this , '' he said . 
 `` we ca n't just assassinate him . 
 another warlord will take his place , and take his armies . 
 we have to attack hard . 
 we have to hit that army so soundly that whoever takes over for cett is so frightened that he withdraws . '' 
 vin paused , looking away from him , nails biting into her own palms . 
 `` tell me , '' he said , stepping closer to her . 
 `` what would your kelsier tell you to do ? '' 
 the answer was simple . 
 kelsier would never have gotten into this situation . 
 he had been a hard man , a man with little tolerance for any who threatened those he loved . 
 cett and straff would n't have lasted a single night at luthadel without feeling kelsier 's knife . 
 there was a part of her that had always been awed by his powerful , utilitarian brutality . 
 there are two ways to stay safe , reen 's voice whispered to her . 
 either be so quiet and harmless that people ignore you , or be so dangerous that they 're terrified of you . 
 she met zane 's eyes and nodded . 
 he smiled , then moved over and jumped out the window . 
 `` oreseur , '' she whispered once he was gone . 
 `` my atium . '' 
 the dog paused , then padded up to her , his shoulder splitting . 
 `` mistress ... '' he said slowly . 
 `` do not do this . '' 
 she glanced at elend . 
 she could n't protect him from everything . 
 but she could do something . 
 she took the atium from oreseur . 
 her hands no longer shook . 
 she felt cold . 
 `` cett has threatened all that i love , '' she whispered . 
 `` he will soon know that there is something in this world more deadly than his assassins . 
 something more powerful than his army . 
 something more terrifying than the lord ruler himself . 
 `` and i am coming for him . '' 
 mist duty , they called it . 
 every soldier had to take his turn , standing in the dark with a sputtering torch . 
 someone had to watch . 
 had to stare into those shifting , deceitful mists and wonder if anything was out there . 
 watching . 
 wellen knew there was . 
 he knew it , but he never spoke . 
 soldiers laughed at such superstitions . 
 they had to go out in the mists . 
 they were used to it . 
 they knew better than to fear it . 
 supposedly . 
 `` hey , '' jarloux said , stepping up to the edge of the wall . 
 `` wells , do you see something out there ? '' 
 of course he did n't . 
 they stood with several dozen others on the perimeter of keep hasting , watching from the outer keep wall-a low fortification , perhaps fifteen feet tall , that surrounded the grounds . 
 their job was to look for anything suspicious in the mists . 
 `` suspicious . '' 
 that was the word they used . 
 it was all suspicious . 
 it was mist . 
 that shifting darkness , that void made of chaos and hatred . 
 wellen had never trusted it . 
 they were out there . 
 he knew . 
 something moved in the darkness . 
 wellen stepped back , staring into the void , his heart beginning to flutter , hands beginning to sweat as he raised his spear . 
 `` yeah , '' jarloux said , squinting . 
 `` i swear , i see ... '' it came , as wellen had always known it would . 
 like a thousand gnats on a hot day , like a hail of arrows shot by an entire army . 
 coins sprayed across the battlements . 
 a wall of shimmering death , hundreds of trails zipping through the mists . 
 metal rang against stone , and men cried out in pain . 
 wellen stepped back , raising his spear , as jarloux yelled the alarm . 
 jarloux died halfway through the call , a coin snapping through his mouth , throwing out a chip of tooth as it proceeded out the back of his head . 
 jarloux collapsed , and wellen stumbled away from the corpse , knowing that it was too late to run . 
 the coins stopped . 
 silence in the air . 
 men lay dying or groaning at his feet . 
 then they came . 
 two dark shadows of death in the night . 
 ravens in the mist . 
 they flew over wellen with a rustle of black cloth . 
 and they left him behind , alone amid the corpses of what had once been a squad of forty men . 
 vin landed in a crouch , bare feet on the cool stone cobbles of the hasting courtyard . 
 zane landed upright , standing-as always-with his towering air of self-confidence . 
 pewter blazed within her , giving her muscles the taut energy of a thousand excited moments . 
 she easily ignored the pain of her wounded side . 
 her sole bead of atium rested in her stomach , but she did n't use it . 
 not yet . 
 not unless she was right , and cett proved to be mistborn . 
 `` we 'll go from the bottom up , '' zane said . 
 vin nodded . 
 the central tower of keep hasting was many stories high , and they could n't know which one cett was on . 
 if they started low , he would n't be able to escape . 
 besides . 
 going up would be more difficult . 
 the energy in vin 's limbs cried for release . 
 she 'd waited , remained coiled , for far too long . 
 she was tired of weakness , tired of being restrained . 
 she had spent months as a knife , held immobile at someone 's throat . 
 it was time to cut . 
 the two dashed forward . 
 torches began to light around them as cett 's men-those who camped in the courtyard-awakened to the alarm . 
 tents unfurled and collapsed , men yelling in surprise , looking for the army that assailed them . 
 they could only wish that they were so lucky . 
 vin jumped straight up into the air , and zane spun , throwing a bag of coins around him . 
 hundreds of bits of copper sparkled in the air beneath her-a peasant 's fortune . 
 vin landed with a rustle , and they both pushed , their power throwing the coins outward . 
 the torch-sparkled missiles ripped through the camp , dropping surprised , drowsy men . 
 vin and zane continued toward the central tower . 
 a squad of soldiers had formed up at the tower 's front . 
 they still seemed disoriented , confused , and sleepy , but they were armed . 
 armed with metal armor and steel weapons-a choice that , had they actually been facing an enemy army , would have been wise . 
 zane and vin slid into the midst of the soldiers . 
 zane tossed a single coin into the air between them . 
 vin reached out and pushed against it , feeling zane 's weight as he also pushed against it . 
 braced against each other , they both pushed in opposite directions , throwing their weight against the breastplates of the soldiers to either side . 
 with flared pewter-holding each other steady-their pushes scattered the soldiers as if they had been slapped by enormous hands . 
 spears and swords twisted in the night , clattering to the cobbles . 
 breastplates towed bodies away . 
 vin extinguished her steel as she felt zane 's weight come off the coin . 
 the sparkling bit of metal bounced to the ground between them , and zane turned , throwing up his hand toward the single soldier who remained standing directly between zane and the keep doors . 
 a squad of soldiers raced up behind zane , but they suddenly halted as he pushed against them-then sent the transfer of weight directly into the lone soldier . 
 the unfortunate man crashed backward into the keep doors . 
 bones crunched . 
 the doors flung open as the soldier burst into the room beyond . 
 zane ducked through the open doorway , and vin moved smoothly behind him , her bare feet leaving rough cobbles and falling on smooth marble instead . 
 soldiers waited inside . 
 these did n't wear armor , and they carried large wooden shields to block coins . 
 they were armed with staves or obsidian swords . 
 hazekillers-men trained specifically to fight allomancers . 
 there were , perhaps , fifty of them . 
 now it begins in earnest , vin thought , leaping into the air and pushing off the door 's hinges . 
 zane led by pushing on the same man he 'd used to break open the doors , throwing the corpse toward a group of hazekillers . 
 as the soldier crashed into them , vin landed amid a second group . 
 she spun on the floor , whipping out her legs and flaring pewter , tripping a good four men . 
 as the others tried to strike , she pushed downward against a coin in her pouch , ripping it free and throwing herself upward . 
 she spun in the air , catching a falling staff discarded by a tripped soldier . 
 obsidian cracked against the white marble where she had been . 
 vin came down with her own weapon and struck , attacking faster than anyone should be able to , hitting ears , chins , and throats . 
 skulls cracked . 
 bones broke . 
 she was barely breathing hard when she found all ten of her opponents down . 
 ten men ... did n't kelsier once tell me he had trouble with half a dozen hazekillers ? 
 no time to think . 
 a large group of soldiers charged her . 
 she yelled and jumped toward them , throwing her staff into the face of the first man she met . 
 the others raised their shields , surprised , but vin whipped out a pair of obsidian daggers as she landed . 
 she rammed them into the thighs of two men before her , then spun past them , attacking flesh where she saw it . 
 an attack flickered from the corner of her eye , and she snapped up an arm , blocking the wooden staff as it came for her head . 
 the wood cracked , and she took the man down with a wide sweep of the dagger , nearly beheading him . 
 she jumped backward as the others moved in , braced herself , then yanked on the armored corpse zane had used before , pulling it toward her . 
 shields did little good against a missile so large . 
 vin smashed the corpse into her opponents , sweeping them before her . 
 to the side , she could see the remnants of the hazekillers who had attacked zane . 
 zane stood among them , a black pillar before the fallen , arms outstretched . 
 he met her eyes , then nodded toward the rear of the chamber . 
 vin ignored the few remaining hazekillers . 
 she pushed against the corpse and sent herself sliding across the floor . 
 zane jumped up , pushing back , shattering his way through a window and into the mists . 
 vin quickly did a check of the back rooms : no cett . 
 she turned and took down a straggling hazekiller as she ducked into the lift shaft . 
 she needed no elevator . 
 she shot straight up on a pushed coin , bursting out onto the third floor . 
 zane would take the second . 
 vin landed quietly on the marble floor , hearing footsteps come down a stairwell beside her . 
 she recognized this large , open room : it was the chamber where she and elend had met cett for dinner . 
 it was now empty , even the table removed , but she recognized the circular perimeter of stained-glass windows . 
 hazekillers burst from the kitchen room . 
 dozens . 
 there must be another stairwell back there , vin thought as she darted toward the stairwell beside her . 
 dozens more were coming out there , however , and the two groups moved to surround her . 
 fifty-to-one must have seemed like good odds for the men , and they charged confidently . 
 she glanced at the open kitchen doors , and saw no cett beyond . 
 this floor was clear . 
 cett certainly brought a lot of hazekillers , she thought , backing quietly to the center of the room . 
 save for the stairwell , kitchens , and pillars , the room was mostly surrounded in arched stained-glass windows . 
 he planned for my attack . 
 or , he tried to . 
 vin ducked down as the waves of men surrounded her . 
 she turned her head up , eyes closed , and burned duralumin . 
 then she pulled . 
 stained-glass windows-set in metal frames inside their arches-exploded around the room . 
 she felt the metal frames burst inward , twisting on themselves before her awesome power . 
 she imagined twinkling slivers of multicolored glass in the air . 
 she heard men scream as glass and metal hit them , embedding in their flesh . 
 only the outer layer of men would die from the blast . 
 vin opened her eyes and jumped as a dozen dueling canes fell around her . 
 she passed through a hail of attacks . 
 some hit . 
 it did n't matter . 
 she could n't feel pain at the moment . 
 she pushed against a broken metal frame , throwing herself over the heads of soldiers , landing outside the large circle of attackers . 
 the outer line of men was down , impaled by glass shards and twisted metal frames . 
 vin raised a hand and bowed her head . 
 duralumin and steel . 
 she pushed . 
 the world lurched . 
 vin shot out into the mists through a broken window as she pushed against the line of corpses impaled by metal frames . 
 the bodies were thrown away from her , smashing into the men who were still alive in the center . 
 dead , dying , and unharmed were swept from the room , pushed out the window opposite vin . 
 bodies twisted in the mists , fifty men thrown into the night , leaving the room empty save for trails of blood and discarded bits of glass . 
 vin downed a vial of metals as the mists rushed around her ; then she pulled herself back toward the keep , using a window on the fourth floor . 
 as she approached , a corpse crashed through the window , falling out into the night . 
 she caught a glimpse of zane disappearing out another window on the opposite side . 
 this level was clear . 
 lights burned on the fifth floor . 
 they probably could have come here first , but that was n't the plan . 
 zane was right . 
 they did n't just need to kill cett . 
 they needed to terrify his entire army . 
 vin pushed against the same corpse that zane had thrown out the window , using its metal armor as an anchor . 
 it shot down at an angle , passing just inside a broken window , and vin soared upward in an angle away from the building . 
 a quick pull directed her back to the building once she reached the elevation she needed . 
 she landed at a window on the fifth floor . 
 vin grasped the stone sill , heart thumping , breaths coming in deep gasps . 
 sweat made her face cold in the winter breeze , despite the heat burning within her . 
 she gulped , eyes wide , and flared her pewter . 
 mistborn . 
 she shattered the window with a slap . 
 the soldiers that waited beyond jumped backward , spinning . 
 one wore a metal belt buckle . 
 he died first . 
 the other twenty barely knew how to react as the buckle buzzed through their ranks , twisting between vin 's pushes and pulls . 
 they had been trained , instructed , and perhaps even tested against allomancers . 
 but they had never fought vin . 
 men screamed and fell , vin ripping through their ranks with only the buckle as a weapon . 
 before the force of her pewter , tin , steel , and iron , the possible use of atium seemed an incredible waste . 
 even without it , she was a terrible weapon-one that , until this moment , even she had n't understood . 
 mistborn . 
 the last man fell . 
 vin stood among them , feeling a numbing sense of satisfaction . 
 she let the belt buckle slip from her fingers . 
 it hit carpet . 
 she stood in a room that was n't unadorned as the rest of the building had been ; there was furniture here , and there were some minor decorations . 
 perhaps elend 's clearing crews had n't gotten this far before cett 's arrival , or perhaps he 'd simply brought some of his own comforts . 
 behind her was the stairwell . 
 in front of her was a fine wooden wall set with a door-the inner apartments . 
 vin stepped forward quietly , mistcloak rustling as she pulled four lamps off the brackets behind her . 
 they whipped forward , and she sidestepped , letting them crash into the wall . 
 fire blossomed across splattered oil , billowing across the wall , the force of the lamps breaking the door on its hinges . 
 she raised a hand , pushing it fully open . 
 fire dripped around her as she stepped into the room beyond . 
 the richly decorated chamber was quiet , and eerily empty save for two figures . 
 cett sat in a simple wooden chair , bearded , sloppily dressed , and looking very , very tired . 
 cett 's young son stepped in between cett and vin . 
 the boy held a dueling cane . 
 so , which one is mistborn ? 
 the boy swung . 
 vin caught the weapon , then shoved the boy to the side . 
 he crashed into the wooden wall , then slumped to the ground . 
 vin eyed him . 
 `` leave gneorndin alone , woman , '' cett said . 
 `` do what you came to do . '' 
 vin turned toward the nobleman . 
 she remembered her frustration , her rage , her cool , icy anger . 
 she stepped forward and grabbed cett by the front of his suit . 
 `` fight me , '' she said , and tossed him backward . 
 he slammed against the back wall , then slumped to the ground . 
 vin prepared her atium , but he did not rise . 
 he simply rolled to the side , coughing . 
 vin walked over , pulling him up by one arm . 
 he balled a fist , trying to strike her , but he was pathetically weak . 
 she let the blows bounce off her side . 
 `` fight me , '' she commanded , tossing him to the side . 
 he tumbled across the floor-head hitting hard-and came to rest against the burning wall , a trickle of blood running from his brow . 
 he did n't rise . 
 vin gritted her teeth , striding forward . 
 `` leave him alone ! '' 
 the boy , gneorndin , stumbled in front of cett , raising his dueling cane in a wavering hand . 
 vin paused , cocking her head . 
 the boy 's brow was streaked with sweat , and he was unsteady on his feet . 
 she looked into his eyes , and saw absolute terror therein . 
 this boy was no mistborn . 
 yet , he held his ground . 
 pathetically , hopelessly , he stood before the body of the fallen cett . 
 `` step aside , son , '' cett said in a tired voice . 
 `` there is nothing you can do here . '' 
 the boy started to shake , then began to weep . 
 tears , vin thought , feeling an oddly surreal feeling cloud her mind . 
 she reached up , surprised to find wet streaks on her own cheeks . 
 `` you have no mistborn , '' she whispered . 
 cett had struggled to a half-reclining position , and he looked into her eyes . 
 `` no allomancers faced us this night , '' she said . 
 `` you used them all on the assassination attempt in the assembly hall ? '' 
 `` the only allomancers i had , i sent against you months ago , '' cett said with a sigh . 
 `` they were all i ever had , my only hope of killing you . 
 even they were n't from my family . 
 my whole line has been corrupted by skaa blood-allrianne is the only allomancer to be born to us for centuries . '' 
 `` you came to luthadel ... '' `` because straff would have come for me eventually , '' cett said . 
 `` my best chance , lass , was to kill you early on . 
 that 's why i sent them all against you . 
 failing that , i knew i had to try and take this damn city and its atium so i could buy myself some allomancers . 
 did n't work . '' 
 `` you could have just offered us an alliance . '' 
 cett chuckled , pulling himself up to a sitting position . 
 `` it does n't work that way in real politics . 
 you take , or you get taken . 
 besides , i 've always been a gambling man . '' 
 he looked up at her , meeting her eyes . 
 `` do what you came to , '' he repeated . 
 vin shivered . 
 she could n't feel her tears . 
 she could barely feel anything . 
 why ? 
 why ca n't i make sense of anything anymore ? 
 the room began to shake . 
 vin spun , looking toward the back wall . 
 the wood there quivered and spasmed like a dying animal . 
 nails began to pop , ripping backward through the paneling ; then the entire wall burst away from vin . 
 burning boards , splinters , nails , and shingles sprayed in the air , flying around a man in black . 
 zane stood sideways in the room beyond , death strewn at his feet , hands at his sides . 
 red streamed from the tips of his fingers , running in a steady drip . 
 he looked up through the burning remnants of the wall , smiling . 
 then he stepped toward cett 's room . 
 `` no ! '' 
 vin said , dashing at him . 
 zane paused , surprised . 
 he stepped to the side , easily dodging vin , walking toward cett and the boy . 
 `` zane , leave them ! '' 
 vin said , turning toward him , pushing herself in a skid across the room . 
 she reached for his arm . 
 the black fabric glistened wet with blood that was only his own . 
 zane dodged . 
 he turned toward her , curious . 
 she reached for him , but he moved out of the way with supernatural ease , outstepping her like a master swordsman facing a young boy . 
 atium , vin thought . 
 he probably burned it this entire time . 
 but , he did n't need it to fight those men ... they did n't have a chanee against us anyway . 
 `` please , '' she asked . 
 `` leave them . '' 
 zane turned toward cett , who sat expectant . 
 the boy was at his side , trying to pull his father away . 
 zane looked back at her , head cocked . 
 `` please , '' vin repeated . 
 zane frowned . 
 `` he still controls you , then , '' he said , sounding disappointed . 
 `` i thought , maybe , if you could fight and see just how powerful you were , you 'd shake yourself free of elend 's grip . 
 i guess i was wrong . '' 
 then he turned his back on cett and walked out through the hole he had made . 
 vin followed quietly , feet crunching splinters of wood as she slowly withdrew , leaving a broken keep , shattered army , and humiliated lord behind . 
 but must not even a madman rely on his own mind , his own experience , rather than that of others ? 
 44 in the cold calm of morning , breeze watched a very disheartening sight : cett 's army withdrawing . 
 breeze shivered , breath puffing as he turned toward clubs . 
 most people would n't have been able to read beyond the sneer on the squat general 's face . 
 but breeze saw more : he saw the tension in the taut skin around clubs 's eyes , he noticed the way that clubs tapped his finger against the frosty stone wall . 
 clubs was not a nervous man . 
 the motions meant something . 
 `` this is it , then ? '' 
 breeze asked quietly . 
 clubs nodded . 
 breeze could n't see it . 
 there were still two armies out there ; it was still a standoff . 
 yet , he trusted clubs 's assessment . 
 or , rather , he trusted his own knowledge of people enough to trust his assessment of clubs . 
 the general knew something he did n't . 
 `` kindly explain , '' breeze said . 
 `` this 'll end when straff figures it out , '' clubs said . 
 `` figures what out ? '' 
 `` that those koloss will do his job for him , if he lets them . '' 
 breeze paused . 
 straff does n't really care about the people in the city-he just wants to take it for the atium . 
 and for the symbolic victory . 
 `` if straff pulls back ... '' breeze said . 
 `` those koloss will attack , '' clubs said with a nod . 
 `` they 'll slaughter everyone they find and generally make rubble out of the city . 
 then straff can come back and find his atium once the koloss are done . '' 
 `` assuming they leave , my dear man . '' 
 clubs shrugged . 
 `` either way , he 's better off . 
 straff will face one weakened enemy instead of two strong ones . '' 
 breeze felt a chill , and pulled his cloak closer . 
 `` you say that all so ... straightforwardly . '' 
 `` we were dead the moment that first army got here , breeze , '' clubs said . 
 `` we 're just good at stalling . '' 
 why in the name of the lord ruler do i spend my time with this man ? 
 breeze thought . 
 he 's nothing more than a pessimistic doomsayer . 
 and yet , breeze knew people . 
 this time , clubs was n't exaggerating . 
 `` bloody hell , '' breeze muttered . 
 clubs just nodded , leaning against the wall and looking out at the disappearing army . 
 `` three hundred men , '' ham said , standing in elend 's study . 
 `` or , at least , that 's what our scouts say . '' 
 `` that 's not as bad as i 'd feared , '' elend said . 
 they stood in elend 's study , the only other occupant being spook , who sat lounging beside the table . 
 `` el , '' ham said , `` cett only had a thousand men with him here in luthadel . 
 that means that during vin 's attack , cett took thirty percent casualties in less than ten minutes . 
 even on a battlefield , most armies will break if they take thirty or forty percent casualties in the course of an entire day 's fighting . '' 
 `` oh , '' elend said , frowning . 
 ham shook his head , sitting down , pouring himself something to drink . 
 `` i do n't get it , el . 
 why 'd she attack him ? '' 
 `` she 's loony , '' spook said . 
 elend opened his mouth to counter that comment , but found it difficult to explain his feelings . 
 `` i 'm not sure why she did it , '' he finally admitted . 
 `` she did mention that she did n't believe those assassins at the assembly came from my father . '' 
 ham shrugged . 
 he looked ... haggard . 
 this was n't his element , dealing with armies and worrying about the fate of kingdoms . 
 he preferred to concern himself with smaller spheres . 
 of course , elend thought , i 'd just prefer to be in my chair , reading quietly . 
 we do what we must . 
 `` any news of her yet ? '' 
 elend asked . 
 spook shook his head . 
 `` uncle grumpy has the scouts searching the city , but so far nothing . '' 
 `` if vin does n't want to be found ... '' ham said . 
 elend began to pace . 
 he could n't keep still ; he was beginning to think he must look like jastes , wandering in circles , running his hand through his hair . 
 be firm , he told himself . 
 you can afford to seem worried , but you must n't ever seem uncertain . 
 he continued to pace , though he slowed his step , and he did n't voice his concerns to ham or spook . 
 what if vin was wounded ? 
 what if cett had killed her ? 
 their scouts had seen very little of the attack the night before . 
 vin had definitely been involved , and there were conflicting reports that said she 'd been fighting another mistborn . 
 she had left the keep with one of the top floors in flames-and , for some reason , she had left cett alive . 
 since then , nobody had seen her . 
 elend closed his eyes , pausing as he leaned a hand against the stone wall . 
 i 've been ignoring her lately . 
 i 've helped the city ... but what good will it do to save luthadel if i lose her ? 
 it 's almost like i do n't know her anymore . 
 or did i ever know her in the first place ? 
 it felt wrong to not have her with him . 
 he had come to rely on her simple bluntness . 
 he needed her genuine realism-her sheer sense of concreteness-to keep him grounded . 
 he needed to hold her , so that he could know that there was something more important than theories and concepts . 
 he loved her . 
 `` i do n't know , el , '' ham finally said . 
 `` i never thought that vin would be a liability , but she had a hard youth . 
 i remember once she exploded at the crew for little reason , yelling and screaming about her childhood . 
 i. . . 
 do n't know that she 's completely stable . '' 
 elend opened his eyes . 
 `` she 's stable , ham , '' he said firmly . 
 `` and she 's more capable than any of us . '' 
 ham frowned . 
 `` but - '' `` she had a good reason for attacking cett , '' elend said . 
 `` i trust her . '' 
 ham and spook exchanged glances , and spook just shrugged . 
 `` it 's more than last night , el , '' ham said . 
 `` something 's not right with that girl-not just mentally , either ... '' `` what do you mean ? '' 
 elend asked . 
 `` remember the attack on the assembly ? '' 
 ham said . 
 `` you told me you saw her get hit square-on by a thug 's staff . '' 
 `` and ? '' 
 elend asked . 
 `` it laid her out for three full days . '' 
 ham shook his head . 
 `` her complete collection of wounds-getting hit in the side , the shoulder wound , nearly being choked to death-those all together laid her out for a couple of days . 
 but , if she 'd really gotten hit that hard by a thug , she should n't have been out for days , elend . 
 she should have been out for weeks . 
 maybe longer . 
 she certainly should n't have escaped without broken ribs . '' 
 `` she was burning pewter , '' elend said . 
 `` presumably , so was the thug . '' 
 elend paused . 
 `` you see ? '' 
 ham said . 
 `` if both were flaring pewter , then they should have balanced each other out . 
 that leaves vin-a girl who ca n't weigh more than a hundred pounds-getting clobbered full-on by a trained soldier with three times her weight . 
 she shrugged it off with barely a few days ' rest . '' 
 `` vin 's special , '' elend finally said . 
 `` i wo n't argue with that , '' ham said . 
 `` but she 's also hiding things from us . 
 who was that other mistborn ? 
 some of the reports make it sound like they were working together . '' 
 she said there was another mistborn in the city , elend thought . 
 zane-straff 's messenger . 
 she has n't mentioned him in a very long while . 
 ham rubbed his forehead . 
 `` this is all falling apart around us , el . '' 
 `` kelsier could have kept it together , '' spook mumbled . 
 `` when he was here , even our failures were part of his plan . '' 
 `` the survivor is dead , '' elend said . 
 `` i never knew him , but i 've listened to enough about him to learn one thing . 
 he did n't give in to despair . '' 
 ham smiled . 
 `` that much is true . 
 he was laughing and joking the day after we lost our entire army to a miscalculation . 
 arrogant bastard . '' 
 `` callous , '' spook said . 
 `` no , '' ham said , reaching for his cup . 
 `` i used to think that . 
 now ... i just think he was determined . 
 kell always looked toward tomorrow , no matter what the consequences . '' 
 `` well , we have to do the same , '' elend said . 
 `` cett is gone-penrod let him leave . 
 we ca n't change that fact . 
 but , we do have information on the koloss army . '' 
 `` oh , about that , '' spook said , reaching into his pouch . 
 he tossed something to the table . 
 `` you 're right-they 're the same . '' 
 the coin rolled to a stop , and elend picked it up . 
 he could see where spook had scraped it with a knife , peeling off the gold paint to reveal the dense hardwood beneath . 
 it was a poor representation of a boxing ; it was little wonder that the fakes had been so easy to pick out . 
 only a fool would try to pass them off as real . 
 a fool , or a koloss . 
 nobody was certain how some of jastes 's fake boxings had worked their way up to luthadel ; perhaps he had tried giving them to peasants or beggars in his home dominance . 
 either way , it was fairly apparent what he was doing . 
 he 'd needed an army , and had needed cash . 
 he 'd fabricated the one to get the other . 
 only koloss would have fallen for such a ploy . 
 `` i do n't get it , '' ham said as elend passed him the coin . 
 `` how come the koloss have suddenly decided to take money ? 
 the lord ruler never paid them . '' 
 elend paused , thinking back to his experience with the camp . 
 we are humans . 
 we will live in your city ... `` the koloss are changing , ham , '' elend said . 
 `` or maybe we never really understood them in the first place . 
 either way , we need to be strong . 
 this is n't over yet . '' 
 `` it would be easier to be strong if i knew our mistborn was n't insane . 
 she did n't even discuss this with us ! '' 
 `` i know , '' elend said . 
 ham rose , shaking his head . 
 `` there 's a reason the great houses were always so reluctant to use their mistborn against each other . 
 things just got a whole lot more dangerous . 
 if cett does have a mistborn , and he decides to retaliate ... '' `` i know , '' elend said again , bidding the two farewell . 
 ham waved to spook , and the two of them left , off to check with breeze and clubs . 
 they all act so glum , elend thought , leaving his rooms to find something to eat . 
 it 's like they think we 're doomed because of one setback . 
 but , cett 's withdrawal is a good thing . 
 one of our enemies is leaving-and there are still two armies out there . 
 jastes wo n't attack if doing so exposes him to straff , and straff himself is too scared of vin to do anything . 
 in fact , her attack on cett will only make my father more frightened . 
 maybe that 's why she did it . 
 `` your majesty ? '' 
 a voice whispered . 
 elend spun , searching the hallway . 
 `` your majesty , '' said a short figure in the shadows . 
 oreseur . 
 `` i think i 've found her . '' 
 elend did n't bring anyone with him save for a few guards . 
 he did n't want to explain to ham and the others how he 'd gotten his information ; vin still insisted on keeping oreseur secret . 
 ham 's right about one thing , elend thought as his carriage pulled to a stop . 
 she is hiding things . 
 she does it all the time . 
 but that did n't stop him from trusting her . 
 he nodded to oreseur , and they left the carriage . 
 elend waved his guards back as he approached a dilapidated building . 
 it had probably once been a poor merchant 's shop-a place run by extremely low nobility , selling meager necessities to skaa workers in exchange for food tokens , which could in turn be exchanged for money from the lord ruler . 
 the building was in a sector that elend 's fuel-collection crews had n't reached yet . 
 it was obvious , however , that it had n't seen a lot of use lately . 
 it had been ransacked long ago , and the ash coating the floor was a good four inches deep . 
 a small trail of footprints led toward a back stairwell . 
 `` what is this place ? '' 
 elend asked with a frown . 
 oreseur shrugged a pair of dog 's shoulders . 
 `` then how did you know she was here ? '' 
 `` i followed her last night , your majesty , '' oreseur said . 
 `` i saw the general direction she went . 
 after that , it was simply a process of careful searching . '' 
 elend frowned . 
 `` that still must have taken some pretty mean tracking abilities , kandra . '' 
 `` these bones have unusually keen senses . '' 
 elend nodded . 
 the stairwell led up into a long hallway with several rooms at the ends . 
 elend began to walk down the hallway , then paused . 
 to one side , a panel on the wall had been slid back , revealing a small cubby . 
 he could hear movement within . 
 `` vin ? '' 
 he asked , poking his head into the cubby . 
 there was a small room hidden behind the wall , and vin sat on the far side . 
 the room-more of a nook-was only a few feet across , and even vin would n't have been able to stand up in it . 
 she did n't respond to him . 
 she simply sat , leaning against the far wall , head turned away from him . 
 elend crawled inside the small chamber , getting ash on his knees . 
 it was barely large enough for him to enter without bumping into her . 
 `` vin ? 
 are you all right ? '' 
 she sat , twisting something between her fingers . 
 and she was looking at the wall-looking through a narrow hole . 
 elend could see sunlight shining through . 
 it 's a peephole , he realized . 
 to watch the street below . 
 this is n't a shop-it 's a thieving hideout . 
 or , it was . 
 `` i used to think camon was a terrible man , '' vin said quietly . 
 elend paused , on hands and knees . 
 finally , he settled back into a cramped seated position . 
 at least vin did n't look hurt . 
 `` camon ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` your old crewleader , before kelsier ? '' 
 vin nodded . 
 she turned away from the slit , sitting with her arms around her knees . 
 `` he beat people , he killed those who disagreed with him . 
 even among street thugs , he was brutal . '' 
 elend frowned . 
 `` but , '' vin said quietly , `` i doubt he killed as many people during his entire life as i killed last night . '' 
 elend closed his eyes . 
 then he opened them and shuffled a little closer , laying a hand on vin 's shoulder . 
 `` those were enemy soldiers , vin . '' 
 `` i was like a child in a room full of bugs , '' vin whispered . 
 he could finally see what was in her fingers . 
 it was her earring , the simple bronze stud that she always wore . 
 she looked down at it , twisting it between her fingers . 
 `` did i ever tell you how i got this ? '' 
 she asked . 
 he shook his head . 
 `` my mother gave it to me , '' she said . 
 `` i do n't remember it happening-reen told me about it . 
 my mother ... she heard voices sometimes . 
 she killed my baby sister , slaughtered her . 
 and that same day she gave me this , one of her own earrings . 
 as if ... as if choosing me over my sister . 
 a punishment for one , a twisted present for another . '' 
 vin shook her head . 
 `` my entire life has been death , elend . 
 death of my sister , the death of reen . 
 crewmembers dead around me , kelsier falling to the lord ruler , then my own spear in the lord ruler 's chest . 
 i try to protect , and tell myself that i 'm escaping it all . 
 and then ... i do something like i did last night . '' 
 not certain what else to do , elend pulled her close . 
 she was stiff , however . 
 `` you had a good reason for what you did , '' he said . 
 `` no i did n't , '' vin said . 
 `` i just wanted to hurt them . 
 i wanted to scare them and make them leave you alone . 
 it sounds childish , but that 's how i felt . '' 
 `` it 's not childish , vin , '' elend said . 
 `` it was good strategy . 
 you gave our enemies a show of force . 
 you frightened away one of our major opponents , and now my father will be even more afraid to attack . 
 you 've bought us more time ! '' 
 `` bought it with the lives of hundreds of men . '' 
 `` enemy soldiers who marched into our city , '' elend said . 
 `` men who were protecting a tyrant who oppresses his people . '' 
 `` that 's the same rationale kelsier used , '' vin said quietly , `` when he killed noblemen and their guards . 
 he said they were upholding the final empire , so they deserved to die . 
 he frightened me . '' 
 elend did n't know what to say to that . 
 `` it was like he thought himself a god , '' vin whispered . 
 `` taking life , giving life , where he saw fit . 
 i do n't want to be like him , elend . 
 but , everything seems to be pushing me in that direction . '' 
 `` i. . . '' 
 you 're not like him , he wanted to say . 
 it was true , but the words would n't come out . 
 they rang hollow to him . 
 instead , he pulled vin close , her shoulder up against his chest , head beneath his chin . 
 `` i wish i knew the right things to say , vin , '' he whispered . 
 `` seeing you like this makes every protective instinct inside of me twist . 
 i want to make it better-i want to fix everything-but i do n't know how . 
 tell me what to do . 
 just tell me how i can help ! '' 
 she resisted his embrace a little at first , but then sighed quietly and slid her arms around him , holding him tightly . 
 `` you ca n't help with this , '' she said softly . 
 `` i have to do it alone . 
 there are ... decisions i have to make . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` you 'll make the right ones , vin . '' 
 `` you do n't even know what i 'm deciding . '' 
 `` it does n't matter , '' he said . 
 `` i know i ca n't help-i could n't even hold on to my own throne . 
 you 're ten times as capable as i am . '' 
 she squeezed his arm . 
 `` do n't say things like that . 
 please ? '' 
 he frowned at the tension in her voice , then nodded . 
 `` all right . 
 but , either way , i trust you , vin . 
 make your decisions-i 'll support you . '' 
 she nodded , relaxing a bit beneath his arms . 
 `` i think ... '' she said . 
 `` i think i have to leave luthadel . '' 
 `` leave ? 
 and go where ? '' 
 `` north , '' she said . 
 `` to terris . '' 
 elend sat back , resting against the wooden wall . 
 leave ? 
 he thought with a twisting feeling . 
 is this what i 've earned by being so distracted lately ? 
 have i lost her ? 
 and yet , he 'd just told her that he 'd support her decisions . 
 `` if you feel you have to go , vin , '' he found himself saying , `` then you should do so . '' 
 `` if i were to leave , would you go with me ? '' 
 `` now ? '' 
 vin nodded , head rubbing his chest . 
 `` no , '' he finally said . 
 `` i could n't leave luthadel , not with those armies still out there . '' 
 `` but the city rejected you . '' 
 `` i know , '' he said , sighing . 
 `` but ... i ca n't leave them , vin . 
 they rejected me , but i wo n't abandon them . '' 
 vin nodded again , and something told him this was the answer she had expected . 
 elend smiled . 
 `` we 're a mess , are n't we ? '' 
 `` hopeless , '' she said softly , sighing as she finally pulled away from him . 
 she seemed so tired . 
 outside the room , elend could hear footsteps . 
 oreseur appeared a moment later , poking his head into the hidden chamber . 
 `` your guards are growing restless , your majesty , '' he said to elend . 
 `` they will soon come looking for you . '' 
 elend nodded , shuffling over to the exit . 
 once in the hallway , he offered a hand to help vin out . 
 she took the hand , crawling out , then stood and dusted off her clothing-her typical shirt and trousers . 
 will she ever go back to dresses now ? 
 he wondered . 
 `` elend , '' she said , fishing in a pocket . 
 `` here , you can spend this , if you want . '' 
 she opened up her hand , dropping a bead into his hand . 
 `` atium ? '' 
 he asked incredulously . 
 `` where did you get it ? '' 
 `` from a friend , '' she said . 
 `` and you did n't burn it last night ? '' 
 elend asked . 
 `` when you were fighting all those soldiers ? '' 
 `` no , '' vin said . 
 `` i swallowed it , but i did n't end up needing it , so i forced it back up . '' 
 lord ruler ! 
 elend thought . 
 i did n't even consider that she did n't have atium . 
 what could she have done if she 'd burned that bit ? 
 he looked up at her . 
 `` some reports say that there 's another mistborn in the city . '' 
 `` there is . 
 zane . '' 
 elend dropped the bead back into her hand . 
 `` then keep this . 
 you might need it to fight him . '' 
 `` i doubt that , '' vin said quietly . 
 `` keep it anyway , '' elend said . 
 `` this is worth a small fortune-but we 'd need a very large fortune to make any difference now . 
 besides , who would buy it ? 
 if i used it to bribe straff or cett , they 'd only become more certain i 'm holding atium against them . '' 
 vin nodded , then glanced at oreseur . 
 `` keep this , '' she said , handing the bead toward him . 
 `` it 's big enough that another allomancer could pull it off me if he wanted . '' 
 `` i will guard it with my life , mistress , '' oreseur said , his shoulder splitting open to make room for the bit of metal . 
 vin turned to join elend as they walked down the steps , moving to meet with the guards below . 
 i know what i have memorized . 
 i know what is now repeated by the other worldbringers . 
 45 `` the hero of ages wo n't be terris , '' tindwyl said , scribbling a note at the bottom of their list . 
 `` we knew that already , '' sazed said . 
 `` from the logbook . '' 
 `` yes , '' tindwyl said , `` but alendi 's account was only a reference-a thirdhand mention of the effects of a prophecy . 
 i found someone quoting the prophecy itself . '' 
 `` truly ? '' 
 sazed asked , excited . 
 `` where ? '' 
 `` the biography of helenntion , '' tindwyl said . 
 `` one of the last survivors of the council of khlennium . '' 
 `` write it for me , '' sazed said , scooting his chair a bit closer to hers . 
 he had to blink a few times as she wrote , his head clouding for a moment from fatigue . 
 stay alert ! 
 he told himself . 
 there is n't much time left . 
 not much at all ... tindwyl was doing a little better than he , but her wakefulness was obviously beginning to run out , for she was starting to droop . 
 he 'd taken a quick nap during the night , rolled up on her floor , but she had carried on . 
 as far as he could tell , she 'd been awake for over a week straight . 
 there was much talk of the rabzeen , during those days , tindwyl wrote . 
 some said he would come to fight the conqueror . 
 others said he was the conqueror . 
 helenntion did n't make his thoughts on the matter known to me . 
 the rabzeen is said to be `` he who is not of his people , yet fulfills all of their wishes . '' 
 if this is the case , then perhaps the conqueror is the one . 
 he is said to have been of khlennium . 
 she stopped there . 
 sazed frowned , reading the words again . 
 kwaan 's last testimony-the rubbing sazed had taken at the conventical of seran-had proven useful in more than one way . 
 it had provided a key . 
 it was n't until years later that i became convinced that he was the hero of ages , kwaan had written . 
 hero of ages : the one called rabzeen in khlennium , the anamnesor ... the rubbing was a means of translation-not between languages , but between synonyms . 
 it made sense that there would be other names for the hero of ages ; a figure so important , so surrounded by lore , would have many titles . 
 yet , so much had been lost from those days . 
 the rabzeen and the anamnesor were both mythological figures vaguely familiar to sazed-but they were only two among hosts . 
 until the discovery of the rubbing , there had been no way to connect their names to the hero of ages . 
 now tindwyl and he could search their metalminds with open eyes . 
 perhaps , in the past , sazed had read this very passage from helenntion 's biography ; he had at least skimmed many of the older records , searching for religious references . 
 yet , he would never have been able to realize that the passage was referring to the hero of ages , a figure from terris lore that the khlenni people had renamed into their own tongue . 
 `` yes ... '' he said slowly . 
 `` this is good , tindwyl . 
 very good . '' 
 he reached over , laying his hand on hers . 
 `` perhaps , '' she said , `` though it tells us nothing new . '' 
 `` ah , but the wording might be important , i think , '' sazed said . 
 `` religions are often very careful with their writings . '' 
 `` especially prophecies , '' tindwyl said , frowning just a bit . 
 she was not fond of anything that smacked of superstition or soothsaying . 
 `` i would have thought , '' sazed noted , `` that you would no longer have this prejudice , considering our current enterprise . '' 
 `` i gather information , sazed , '' she said . 
 `` because of what it says of people , and because of what the past can teach us . 
 however , there is a reason i took to studying history as opposed to theology . 
 i do n't approve of perpetuating lies . '' 
 `` is that what you think i do when i teach of religions ? '' 
 he asked in amusement . 
 tindwyl looked toward him . 
 `` a bit , '' she admitted . 
 `` how can you teach the people to look toward the gods of the dead , sazed ? 
 those religions did their people little good , and their prophecies are now dust . '' 
 `` religions are an expression of hope , '' sazed said . 
 `` that hope gives people strength . '' 
 `` then you do n't believe ? '' 
 tindwyl asked . 
 `` you just give the people something to trust , something to delude themselves ? '' 
 `` i would not call it so . '' 
 `` then you think the gods you teach of do exist ? '' 
 `` i. . . 
 think that they deserved to be remembered . '' 
 `` and their prophecies ? '' 
 tindwyl said . 
 `` i see scholarly value in what we do-the bringing to light of facts from the past could give us information about our current problems . 
 yet , this soothsaying for the future is , at its core , foolishness . '' 
 `` i would not say that , '' sazed said . 
 `` religions are promises-promises that there is something watching over us , guiding us . 
 prophecies , therefore , are natural extensions of the hopes and desires of the people . 
 not foolishness at all . '' 
 `` so , your interest is purely academic ? '' 
 tindwyl said . 
 `` i would n't say that . '' 
 tindwyl studied him , watching his eyes . 
 she frowned slowly . 
 `` you believe it , do n't you ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` you believe that this girl is the hero of ages . '' 
 `` i have not yet decided , '' sazed said . 
 `` how can you even consider such a thing , sazed ? '' 
 tindwyl asked . 
 `` do n't you see ? 
 hope is a good thing-a wonderful thing-but you must have hope in something appropriate . 
 if you perpetuate the dreams of the past , then you stifle your own dreams of the future . '' 
 `` what if the past dreams are worthy of being remembered ? '' 
 tindwyl shook her head . 
 `` look at the odds , sazed . 
 what are the chances we would end up where we are , studying this rubbing , in the very same household as the hero of ages ? '' 
 `` odds are irrelevant when a foretelling is involved . '' 
 tindwyl closed her eyes . 
 `` sazed ... i think religion is a good thing , and belief is a good thing , but it is foolishness to look for guidance in a few vague phrases . 
 look at what happened last time someone assumed they had found this hero . 
 the lord ruler , the final empire , was the result . '' 
 `` still , i will hope . 
 if you did not believe the prophecies , then why work so hard to discover information about the deepness and the hero ? '' 
 `` it 's simple , '' tindwyl said . 
 `` we are obviously facing a danger that has come before-a recurring problem , like a plague that plays itself out , only to return again centuries later . 
 the ancient people knew of this danger , and had information about it . 
 that information , naturally , broke down and became legends , prophecies , and even religions . 
 there will be , then , clues to our situation hidden in the past . 
 this is not a matter of soothsaying , but of research . '' 
 sazed lay his hand on hers . 
 `` i think , perhaps , that this is something we can not agree upon . 
 come , let us return to our studies . 
 we must use the time we have left . '' 
 `` we should be all right , '' tindwyl said , sighing and reaching to tuck a bit of hair back into her bun . 
 `` apparently , your hero scared off lord cett last night . 
 the maid who brought breakfast was speaking of it . '' 
 `` i know of the event , '' sazed said . 
 `` then things are growing better for luthadel . '' 
 `` yes , '' sazed said . 
 `` perhaps . '' 
 she frowned . 
 `` you seem hesitant . '' 
 `` i do not know , '' he said , glancing down . 
 `` i do not feel that cett 's departure is a good thing , tindwyl . 
 something is very wrong . 
 we need to be finished with these studies . '' 
 tindwyl cocked her head . 
 `` how soon ? '' 
 `` we should try to be done tonight , i think , '' sazed said , glancing toward the pile of unbound sheets they had stacked on the table . 
 that stack contained all the notes , ideas , and connections that they 'd made during their furious bout of study . 
 it was a book , of sorts-a guidebook that told of the hero of ages and the deepness . 
 it was a good document-incredible , even , considering the time they 'd been given . 
 it was not comprehensive . 
 it was , however , probably the most important thing he 'd ever written . 
 even if he was n't certain why . 
 `` sazed ? '' 
 tindwyl asked , frowning . 
 `` what is this ? '' 
 she reached to the stack of papers , pulling out a sheet that was slightly askew . 
 as she held it up , sazed was shocked to see that a chunk from the bottom right corner had been torn off . 
 `` did you do this ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` no , '' sazed said . 
 he accepted the paper . 
 it was one of the transcriptions of the rubbing ; the tear had removed the last sentence or so . 
 there was no sign of the missing piece . 
 sazed looked up , meeting tindwyl 's confused gaze . 
 she turned , shuffling through a stack of papers to the side . 
 she pulled out another copy of the transcription and held it up . 
 sazed felt a chill . 
 the corner was missing . 
 `` i referenced this yesterday , '' tindwyl said quietly . 
 `` i have n't left the room save for a few minutes since then , and you were always here . '' 
 `` did you leave last night ? '' 
 sazed asked . 
 `` to visit the privy while i slept ? '' 
 `` perhaps . 
 i do n't remember . '' 
 sazed sat for a moment , staring at the page . 
 the tear was eerily similar in shape to the one from their main stack . 
 tindwyl , apparently thinking the same thing , laid it over its companion . 
 it matched perfectly ; even the smallest ridges in the tears were identical . 
 even if they 'd been torn lying right on top of one another , the duplication would n't have been so perfect . 
 both of them sat , staring . 
 then they burst into motion , riffling through their stacks of pages . 
 sazed had four copies of the transcription . 
 all were missing the same exact chunk . 
 `` sazed ... '' tindwyl said , her voice shaking just a bit . 
 she held up a sheet of paper-one that had only half of the transcription on it , ending near the middle of the page . 
 a hole had been torn directly in the middle of the page , removing the exact same sentence . 
 `` the rubbing ! '' 
 tindwyl said , but sazed was already moving . 
 he left his chair , rushing to the trunk where he stored his metalminds . 
 he fumbled with the key at his neck , pulling it off and unlocking the trunk . 
 he threw it open , removed the rubbing , then unfolded it delicately on the ground . 
 he withdrew his fingers suddenly , feeling almost as if he 'd been bitten , as he saw the tear at the bottom . 
 the same sentence , removed . 
 `` how is this possible ? '' 
 tindwyl whispered . 
 `` how could someone know so much of our work-so much of us ? '' 
 `` and yet , '' sazed said , `` how could they know so little of our abilities ? 
 i have the entire transcription stored in my metalmind . 
 i can remember it right now . '' 
 `` what does the missing sentence say ? '' '' 
 ` alendi must not reach the well of ascension ; he must not be allowed to take the power for himself . ' '' 
 `` why remove this sentence ? '' 
 tindwyl asked . 
 sazed stared at the rubbing . 
 this seems impossible ... a noise sounded at the window . 
 sazed spun , reaching reflexively into his pewtermind and increasing his strength . 
 his muscles swelled , his robe growing tight . 
 the shutters swung open . 
 vin crouched on the sill . 
 she paused as she saw sazed and tindwyl-who had also apparently tapped strength , growing to have almost masculine bulk . 
 `` did i do something wrong ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 sazed smiled , releasing his pewtermind . 
 `` no , child , '' he said . 
 `` you simply startled us . '' 
 he met tindwyl 's eye , and she began to gather up the ripped pieces of paper . 
 sazed folded up the rubbing ; they would discuss it further later . 
 `` have you seen anyone spending too much time around my room , lady vin ? '' 
 sazed asked as he replaced the rubbing . 
 `` any strangers-or even any particular guards ? '' 
 `` no , '' vin said , climbing into the room . 
 she walked barefoot , as usual , and she did n't wear her mistcloak ; she rarely did in the daytime . 
 if she had fought the night before , she had changed clothing , for there were no stains of blood-or even sweat-on this outfit . 
 `` do you want me to watch for anyone suspicious ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` yes , please , '' sazed said , locking the chest . 
 `` we fear that someone has been riffling through our work , though why they would wish to do so is confusing . '' 
 vin nodded , remaining where she was as sazed returned to his seat . 
 she regarded him and tindwyl for a moment . 
 `` i need to talk to you , sazed , '' vin said . 
 `` i can spare a few moments , i think , '' sazed said . 
 `` but , i must warn you that my studies are very pressing . '' 
 vin nodded , then glanced at tindwyl . 
 finally , she sighed , rising . 
 `` i guess i will go and see about lunch , then . '' 
 vin relaxed slightly as the door closed ; then she moved over to the table , sitting down in tindwyl 's chair , pulling her legs up before her on the wooden seat . 
 `` sazed , '' she asked , `` how do you know if you 're in love ? '' 
 sazed blinked . 
 `` i. . . 
 i do not think i am one to speak on this topic , lady vin . 
 i know very little about it . '' 
 `` you always say things like that , '' vin said . 
 `` but really , you 're an expert on just about everything . '' 
 sazed chuckled . 
 `` in this case , i assure you that my insecurity is heartfelt , lady vin . '' 
 `` still , you 've got to know something . '' 
 `` a bit , perhaps , '' sazed said . 
 `` tell me , how do you feel when you are with young lord venture ? '' 
 `` i want him to hold me , '' vin said quietly , turning to the side , looking out the window . 
 `` i want him to talk to me , even if i do n't understand what he 's saying . 
 anything to keep him there , with me . 
 i want to be better because of him . '' 
 `` that seems like a very good sign , lady vin . '' 
 `` but ... '' vin glanced down . 
 `` i 'm not good for him , sazed . 
 he 's scared of me . '' 
 `` scared ? '' 
 `` well , he 's at least uncomfortable with me . 
 i saw the look in his eyes when he saw me fighting on the day of the assembly attack . 
 he stumbled away from me , sazed , horrified . '' 
 `` he 'd just seen a man slain , '' sazed said . 
 `` lord venture is somewhat innocent in these matters , lady vin . 
 it was n't you , i think-it was simply a natural reaction to the horror of death . '' 
 `` either way , '' vin said , glancing back out the window . 
 `` i do n't want him to see me that way . 
 i want to be the girl he needs-the girl who can support his political plans . 
 the girl who can be pretty when he needs her on his arm , and who can comfort him when he 's frustrated . 
 except , that 's not me . 
 you 're the one who trained me to act like a courtly woman , saze , but we both know that i was n't all that good at it . '' 
 `` and lord venture fell in love with you , '' sazed said , `` because you did n't act like the other women . 
 despite lord kelsier 's interference , despite your knowledge that all noblemen were our enemies , elend fell in love with you . '' 
 `` i should n't have let him , '' vin said quietly . 
 `` i need to stay away from him , saze-for his own good . 
 that way , he can fall in love with someone else . 
 someone who is a better match for him . 
 someone who does n't go kill a hundred people when she gets frustrated . 
 someone who deserves his love . '' 
 sazed rose , robes swishing as he stepped to vin 's chair . 
 he stooped down , placing his head even with hers , laying a hand on her shoulder . 
 `` oh , child . 
 when will you stop worrying and simply let yourself be loved ? '' 
 vin shook her head . 
 `` it 's not that easy . '' 
 `` few things are . 
 yet , i tell you this , lady vin . 
 love must be allowed to flow both ways-if it is not , then it is not truly love , i think . 
 it is something else . 
 infatuation , perhaps ? 
 either way , there are some of us who are far too quick to make martyrs of ourselves . 
 we stand at the side , watching , thinking that we do the right thing by inaction . 
 we fear pain-our own , or that of another . '' 
 he squeezed her shoulder . 
 `` but ... is that love ? 
 is it love to assume for elend that he has no place with you ? 
 or , is it love to let him make his own decision in the matter ? '' 
 `` and if i 'm wrong for him ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 `` you must love him enough to trust his wishes , even if you disagree with them . 
 you must respect him-no matter how wrong you think he may be , no matter how poor you think his decisions , you must respect his desire to make them . 
 even if one of them includes loving you . '' 
 vin smiled slightly , but she still seemed troubled . 
 `` and ... '' she said very slowly , `` if there is someone else ? 
 for me ? '' 
 ah ... she tensed immediately . 
 `` you must n't tell elend i said that . '' 
 `` i wo n't , '' sazed promised . 
 `` who is this other man ? '' 
 vin shrugged . 
 `` just ... someone more like myself . 
 the kind of man i should be with . '' 
 `` do you love him ? '' 
 `` he 's strong , '' vin said . 
 `` he makes me think of kelsier . '' 
 so there is another mistborn , sazed thought . 
 in this matter , he knew he should remain unbiased . 
 he did n't know enough about this second man to make a judgment-and keepers were supposed to give information , but avoid specific advice . 
 sazed , however , had never been very good at following that rule . 
 he did n't know this other mistborn , true , but he did know elend venture . 
 `` child , '' he said , `` elend is the best of men , and you have been so much happier since you 've been with him . '' 
 `` but , he 's really the first man i loved , '' vin said quietly . 
 `` how do i know it 's right ? 
 should n't i pay more attention to the man who is a better match for me ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , lady vin . 
 i honestly do n't know . 
 i warned you of my ignorance in this area . 
 but , can you really hope to find a better person than lord elend ? '' 
 she sighed . 
 `` it 's all so frustrating . 
 i should be worrying about the city and the deepness , not which man to spend my evenings with ! '' 
 `` it is hard to defend others when our own lives are in turmoil , '' sazed said . 
 `` i just have to decide , '' vin said , standing , walking over toward the window . 
 `` thank you , sazed . 
 thank you for listening ... thank you for coming back to the city . '' 
 sazed nodded , smiling . 
 vin shot backward out the open window , shoving herself against some bit of metal . 
 sazed sighed , rubbing his eyes as he walked over to the room 's door and pulled it open . 
 tindwyl stood outside , arms crossed . 
 `` i think i would feel more comfortable in this city , '' she said , `` if i did n't know that our mistborn had the volatile emotions of a teenage girl . '' 
 `` lady vin is more stable than you think , '' sazed said . 
 `` sazed , i 've raised some fifteen daughters , '' tindwyl said , entering the room . 
 `` no teenage girl is stable . 
 some are just better at hiding it than others . '' 
 `` then , be glad she did n't hear you eavesdropping , '' sazed said . 
 `` she is usually rather paranoid about such things . '' 
 `` vin has a weak spot regarding terris people , '' tindwyl said with a wave of her hand . 
 `` we can likely thank you for that . 
 she seems to give great value to your advice . '' 
 `` such as it is . '' 
 `` i thought what you said was very wise , sazed , '' tindwyl said , sitting . 
 `` you would have made an excellent father . '' 
 sazed bowed his head in embarrassment , then moved over to sit down . 
 `` we should - '' a knock came at the door . 
 `` now what ? '' 
 tindwyl asked . 
 `` did you not order us lunch ? '' 
 tindwyl shook her head . 
 `` i never even left the hallway . '' 
 a second later , elend poked his head into the room . 
 `` sazed ? 
 could i talk to you for a bit ? '' 
 `` of course , lord elend , '' sazed said , rising . 
 `` great , '' elend said , striding into the room . 
 `` tindwyl , you are excused . '' 
 she rolled her eyes , shooting an exasperated glance at sazed , but stood and walked from the room . 
 `` thank you , '' elend said as she shut the door . 
 `` please , sit , '' he said , waving to sazed . 
 sazed did so , and elend took a deep breath , standing with hands clasped behind his back . 
 he had gone back to his white uniforms , and stood with a commanding posture despite his obvious frustration . 
 someone stole my friend the scholar away , sazed thought , and left a king in his place . 
 `` i assume this is about lady vin , lord elend ? '' 
 `` yes , '' elend said , beginning to pace , gesturing with one hand as he spoke . 
 `` she does n't make any sense , sazed . 
 i expect that-hell , i count on it . 
 she 's not just female , she 's vin . 
 but , i 'm left unsure how to react . 
 one minute she seems warm to me-like we were before this mess hit the city-and the next minute she 's distant and stiff . '' 
 `` perhaps she 's just confused herself . '' 
 `` perhaps , '' elend agreed . 
 `` but should n't at least one of us know what is going on in our relationship ? 
 honestly , saze , sometimes i just think we 're too different to be together . '' 
 sazed smiled . 
 `` oh , i do n't know about that , lord elend . 
 you may be surprised at how similarly the two of you think . '' 
 `` i doubt that , '' elend said , continuing to pace . 
 `` she 's mistborn ; i 'm just a regular man . 
 she grew up on the streets ; i grew up in a mansion . 
 she is wily and clever ; i 'm book-learned . '' 
 `` she is extremely competent , and so are you , '' sazed said . 
 `` she was oppressed by her brother , you by your father . 
 both of you hated the final empire , and fought it . 
 and both of you think far too much about what should be , rather than what is . '' 
 elend paused , looking at sazed . 
 `` what does that mean ? '' 
 `` it means that i think you two are right for each other , '' sazed said . 
 `` i am not supposed to make such judgments , and truly , this is just the opinion of a man who has n't seen much of you two in the last few months . 
 but , i believe it to be true . '' 
 `` and our differences ? '' 
 elend asked . 
 `` at first glance , the key and the lock it fits may seem very different , '' sazed said . 
 `` different in shape , different in function , different in design . 
 the man who looks at them without knowledge of their true nature might think them opposites , for one is meant to open , and the other to keep closed . 
 yet , upon closer examination , he might see that without one , the other becomes useless . 
 the wise man then sees that both lock and key were created for the same purpose . '' 
 elend smiled . 
 `` you need to write a book sometime , sazed . 
 that 's as profound as anything i 've read . '' 
 sazed flushed , but glanced at the stack of papers on the desktop . 
 would they be his legacy ? 
 he was n't certain if they were profound , but they did represent the most cohesive attempt that he 'd ever made at writing something original . 
 true , most of the sheets contained quotes or references , but a great deal of the text also included his thoughts and annotations . 
 `` so , '' elend said , `` what should i do ? '' 
 `` about lady vin ? '' 
 sazed asked . 
 `` i would suggest simply giving her-and yourself-a little more time . '' 
 `` time is at a premium these days , saze . '' 
 `` when is it not ? '' 
 `` when your city is n't besieged by two armies , '' elend said , `` one of them led by a megalomaniac tyrant , the other by a reckless fool . '' 
 `` yes , '' sazed said slowly . 
 `` yes , i think you may be right . 
 i should return to my studies . '' 
 elend frowned . 
 `` what are you working on , anyway ? '' 
 `` something that has little relevance to your current problem , i fear , '' sazed said . 
 `` tindwyl and i are collecting and compiling references about the deepness and the hero of ages . '' 
 `` the deepness ... vin mentioned it , too . 
 you really think it might return ? '' 
 `` i think it has returned , lord elend , '' sazed said . 
 `` it never left , really . 
 i believe the deepness was-is-the mists . '' 
 `` but , why ... '' elend said , then held up a hand . 
 `` i 'll read your conclusions when you have finished . 
 i ca n't afford to get sidetracked right now . 
 thank you , sazed , for your advice . '' 
 yes , a king indeed , sazed thought . 
 `` tindwyl , '' elend said , `` you may come back in now . 
 sazed , good day . '' 
 elend turned toward the door , and it cracked open slowly . 
 tindwyl strode in , hiding her embarrassment . 
 `` how did you know i was out there ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` i guessed , '' elend said . 
 `` you 're as bad as vin . 
 anyway , good day , both of you . '' 
 tindwyl frowned as he left ; then she glanced at sazed . 
 `` you really did do a fine job with him , '' sazed said . 
 `` too fine a job , '' tindwyl said , sitting . 
 `` i actually think that if the people had let him remain in command , he might have found a way to save the city . 
 come , we must return to work-this time , i actually did send someone for lunch , so we should get as much done as possible before it arrives . '' 
 sazed nodded , seating himself and picking up his pen . 
 yet , he found it difficult to focus on his work . 
 his mind kept returning to vin and elend . 
 he was n't certain why it was so important to him that they make their relationship work . 
 perhaps it was simply because they were both friends of his , and he wished to see them happy . 
 or perhaps there was something else . 
 those two were the best luthadel had to offer . 
 the most powerful mistborn of the skaa underground , and the most noble leader of the aristocratic culture . 
 they needed each other , and the final empire needed them both . 
 plus , there was the work he was doing . 
 the specific pronoun used in much of the terris prophetic language was gender neutral . 
 the actual word meant `` it , '' though it was commonly translated into modern tongues as `` he . '' 
 yet each `` he '' in his book could also have been written as `` she . '' 
 if vin really was the hero of ages ... i need to find a way to get them out of the city , sazed thought , a sudden realization washing over him . 
 those two must not be here when luthadel falls . 
 he put aside his notes and immediately began writing a quick series of letters . 
 the two are not the same . 
 46 breeze could smell intrigue from two streets away . 
 unlike many of his fellow thieves , he had n't grown up impoverished , nor had he been forced to live in the underground . 
 he 'd grown up in a place far more cutthroat : an aristocratic court . 
 fortunately , the other crewmembers did n't treat him differently because of his full-blooded noble origin . 
 that was , of course , because they did n't know about it . 
 his upbringing afforded him certain understandings . 
 things that he doubted any skaa thief , no matter how competent , knew . 
 skaa intrigue made a brutal kind of sense ; it was a matter of nak * d life and death . 
 you betrayed your allies for money , for power , or to protect yourself . 
 in the noble courts , intrigue was more abstract . 
 betrayals would n't often end with either party dead , but the ramifications could span generations . 
 it was a game-so much of one , in fact , that the young breeze had found the open brutality of the skaa underground to be refreshing . 
 he sipped his warm mug of mulled wine , eyeing the note in his fingers . 
 he 'd come to believe that he would n't have to worry about intracrew conspiracies anymore : kelsier 's crew was an almost sickeningly tight group , and breeze did everything within his allomantic powers to keep it that way . 
 he 'd seen what infighting could do to a family . 
 that was why he was so surprised to receive this letter . 
 despite its mock innocence , he could easily pick out the signs . 
 the hurried pace of the writing , smudged in places but not rewritten . 
 phrases like `` no need to tell others of this '' and `` do not wish to cause alarm . '' 
 the extra drops of sealing wax , spread gratuitously on the lip of the letter , as if to give extra protection against prying eyes . 
 there was no mistaking the tone of the missive . 
 breeze had been invited to a conspiratorial conference . 
 but , why in the lord ruler 's name would sazed , of all people , want to meet in secret ? 
 breeze sighed , pulling out his dueling cane and using it to steady himself . 
 he grew light-headed sometimes when he stood ; it was a minor malady he 'd always had , though it seemed to have grown worse during the last few years . 
 he glanced over his shoulder as his vision cleared , toward where allrianne slept in his bed . 
 i should probably feel more guilty about her , he thought , smiling despite himself and reaching to put his vest and jacket on over his trousers and shirt . 
 but ... well , we 're all going to be dead in a few days anyway . 
 an afternoon spent speaking with clubs could certainly put one 's life in perspective . 
 breeze wandered out into the hallway , making his way though the gloomy , inadequately lit venture passageways . 
 honestly , he thought , i understand the value in saving lamp oil , but things are depressing enough right now without the dark corridors . 
 the meeting place was only a few short twists away . 
 breeze located it easily because of the two soldiers standing watch outside the door . 
 demoux 's men-soldiers who reported to the captain religiously , as well as vocationally . 
 interesting , breeze thought , remaining hidden in the side hallway . 
 he quested out with his allomantic powers and soothed the men , taking away their relaxation and certainty , leaving behind anxiety and nervousness . 
 the guards began to grow restless , shuffling . 
 finally , one turned and opened the door , checking on the room inside . 
 the motion gave breeze a full view of the room 's contents . 
 only one man sat within . 
 sazed . 
 breeze stood quietly , trying to decide his next course of action . 
 there was nothing incriminating in the letter ; this could n't all simply be a trap on elend 's part , could it ? 
 an obscure attempt at finding out which crewmembers would betray him and which would n't ? 
 seemed like too distrustful a move for the good-natured boy . 
 besides , if that were the case , sazed would have to try and get breeze to do more than simply meet in a clandestine location . 
 the door swung closed , the soldier returning to his place . 
 i can trust sazed , ca n't i ? 
 breeze thought . 
 but , if that was the case , why the quiet meeting ? 
 was breeze overreacting ? 
 no , the guards proved that sazed worried about this meeting being discovered . 
 it was suspicious . 
 if it were anyone else , breeze would have gone straight to elend . 
 but sazed ... breeze sighed , then wandered into the hallway , dueling cane clicking against the floor . 
 might as well see what he has to say . 
 besides , if he is planning something devious , it 'd almost be worth the danger to see it . 
 despite the letter , despite the strange circumstances , breeze had trouble imagining a terrisman being involved in something that was n't completely honest . 
 perhaps the lord ruler had had the same problem . 
 breeze nodded to the soldiers , soothing away their anxiety and restoring them to a more temperate humor . 
 there was another reason why he was willing to chance the meeting . 
 breeze was only just beginning to realize how dangerous his predicament was . 
 luthadel would soon fall . 
 every instinct he 'd nurtured during thirty years in the underground was telling him to run . 
 that feeling made him more likely to take risks . 
 the breeze of a few years earlier would already have abandoned the city . 
 damn you , kelsier , he thought as he pushed open the door . 
 sazed looked up with surprise from his table . 
 the room was sparse , with several chairs and only two lamps . 
 `` you 're early , lord breeze , '' sazed said , standing quickly . 
 `` of course i am , '' breeze snapped . 
 `` i had to make certain this was n't a trap of some sort . '' 
 he paused . 
 `` this is n't a trap of some sort , right ? '' 
 `` trap ? '' 
 sazed asked . 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 `` oh , do n't sound so shocked , '' breeze said . 
 `` this is no simple meeting . '' 
 sazed wilted slightly . 
 `` it 's ... that obvious , is it ? '' 
 breeze sat , laying his cane across his lap , and eyed sazed tellingly , soothing the man to make him feel a little more self-conscious . 
 `` you may have helped us overthrow the lord ruler , my dear man-but you have a lot to learn about being sneaky . '' 
 `` i apologize , '' sazed said , sitting . 
 `` i simply wanted to meet quickly , to discuss certain ... sensitive issues . '' 
 `` well , i 'd recommend getting rid of those guards , '' breeze said . 
 `` they make the room stand out . 
 then , light a few more lamps and get us something to eat or drink . 
 if elend walks in-i assume it 's elend we 're hiding from ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` well , if he comes and sees us sitting here in the dark , eyeing each other insidiously , he 'll know something is up . 
 the less natural the occasion , the more natural you want to appear . '' 
 `` ah , i see , '' sazed said . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 the door opened and clubs hobbled in . 
 he eyed breeze , then sazed , then wandered over toward a chair . 
 breeze glanced at sazed-no surprise there . 
 clubs was obviously invited as well . 
 `` lose those guards , '' clubs snapped . 
 `` immediately , lord cladent , '' sazed said , standing and shuffling over to the door . 
 he spoke briefly with the guards , then returned . 
 as sazed was sitting , ham poked his head into the room , looking suspicious . 
 `` wait a minute , '' breeze said . 
 `` how many people are coming to this secret meeting ? '' 
 sazed gestured for ham to sit . 
 `` all of the more ... experienced members of the crew . '' 
 `` you mean everyone but elend and vin , '' breeze said . 
 `` i did not invite lord lestibournes either , '' sazed said . 
 yes , but spook is n't the one we 're hiding from . 
 ham sat down hesitantly , shooting a questioning glance at breeze . 
 `` so ... why exactly are we meeting behind the backs of our mistborn and our king ? '' 
 `` king no longer , '' a voice noted from the door . 
 dockson walked in and sat . 
 `` in fact , it could be argued that elend is n't leader of this crew anymore . 
 he fell into that position by happenstance-just like he fell into the throne . '' 
 ham flushed . 
 `` i know you do n't like him , dox , but i 'm not here to talk treason . '' 
 `` there 's no treason if there 's no throne to betray , '' dockson said , sitting . 
 `` what are we going to do-stay here and be servants in his house ? 
 elend does n't need us . 
 perhaps it 's time to transfer our services to lord penrod . '' 
 `` penrod is a nobleman , too , '' ham said . 
 `` you ca n't tell me you like him any better than you do elend . '' 
 dockson thumped the table quietly with his fist . 
 `` it 's not about who i like , ham . 
 it 's about seeing that this damn kingdom kelsier threw at us remains standing ! 
 we 've spent a year and a half cleaning up his mess . 
 do you want to see that work wasted ? '' 
 `` please , gentlemen , '' sazed said , trying-without success-to break into the conversation . 
 `` work , dox ? '' 
 ham said , flushed . 
 `` what work have you done ? 
 i have n't seen you do much of anything besides sit and complain every time someone offers a plan . '' 
 `` complain ? '' 
 dockson snapped . 
 `` do you have any idea how much administrative work it has taken to keep this city from falling upon itself ? 
 what have you done , ham ? 
 you refused to take command of the army . 
 all you do is drink and spar with your friends ! '' 
 that 's enough of that , breeze thought , soothing the men . 
 at this rate , we 'll strangle each other before straff can have us executed . 
 dockson settled back in his chair , waving a dismissive hand at ham , who still sat red-faced . 
 sazed waited , obviously chagrined by the outbreak . 
 breeze soothed away his insecurity . 
 you 're in charge here , sazed . 
 tell us what is going on . 
 `` please , '' sazed said . 
 `` i did not bring us together so that we could argue . 
 i understand that you are all tense-that is understandable , considering the circumstances . '' 
 `` penrod is going to give our city to straff , '' ham said . 
 `` that 's better than letting him slaughter us , '' dockson countered . 
 `` actually , '' breeze said , `` i do n't think we have to worry about straff slaughtering us . '' 
 `` no ? '' 
 dockson asked , frowning . 
 `` do you have some information you have n't been sharing with us , breeze ? '' 
 `` oh , get over yourself , dox , '' ham snapped . 
 `` you 've never been happy that you did n't end up in charge when kell died . 
 that 's the real reason you never liked elend , is n't it ? '' 
 dockson flushed , and breeze sighed , slapping both of them with a powerful blanket soothing . 
 they both jumped slightly , as if they 'd been stung-though the sensation would be quite the opposite . 
 their emotions , once volatile , would suddenly have become numb and unresponsive . 
 both looked at breeze . 
 `` yes , '' he said , `` of course i 'm soothing you . 
 honestly , i know hammond is a bit immature-but you , dockson ? '' 
 dockson sat back , rubbing his forehead . 
 `` you can let go , breeze , '' he said after a moment . 
 `` i 'll keep my tongue . '' 
 ham just grumbled , settling one hand on the table . 
 sazed watched the exchange with a little bit of shock . 
 this is what cornered men are like , my dear terrisman , breeze thought . 
 this is what happens when they lose hope . 
 they might be able to keep up appearances in front of the soldiers , but put them alone with their friends ... sazed was a terrisman ; his entire life had been one of oppression and loss . 
 but these men , breeze himself included , were accustomed to success . 
 even against overwhelming odds , they were confident . 
 they were the type of men who could go up against a god , and expect to win . 
 they would n't deal well with losing . 
 of course , when losing meant death , who would ? 
 `` straff 's armies are getting ready to break camp , '' clubs finally said . 
 `` he 's doing it subtly , but the signs are there . '' 
 `` so , he 's coming for the city , '' dockson said . 
 `` my men in penrod 's palace say the assembly has been sending missive after missive to straff , all but begging him to come take up occupation of luthadel . '' 
 `` he 's not going to take the city , '' clubs said . 
 `` at least , not if he 's smart . '' 
 `` vin is still a threat , '' breeze said . 
 `` and it does n't look like straff has a mistborn to protect him . 
 if he came into luthadel , i doubt there is a single thing he could do to keep her from slitting his throat . 
 so , he 'll do something else . '' 
 dockson frowned , and glanced at ham , who shrugged . 
 `` it 's really quite simple , '' breeze said , tapping the table with his dueling cane . 
 `` why , even i figured it out . '' 
 clubs snorted at this . 
 `` if straff makes it look like he 's withdrawing , the koloss will probably attack luthadel for him . 
 they 're too literal to understand the threat of a hidden army . '' 
 `` if straff withdraws , '' clubs said , `` jastes wo n't be able to keep them from the city . '' 
 dockson blinked . 
 `` but they 'd ... '' `` slaughter ? '' 
 clubs asked . 
 `` yes . 
 they 'd pillage the richest sectors of the town-probably end up killing most of the noblemen in the city . '' 
 `` eliminating the men that straff has been forced-against his will , knowing that man 's pride-to work with , '' breeze added . 
 `` in fact , there 's a good chance the creatures will kill vin . 
 can you imagine her not joining the fight if koloss broke in ? '' 
 the room fell silent . 
 `` but , that does n't really help straff get the city , '' dockson said . 
 `` he 'll still have to fight the koloss . '' 
 `` yes , '' clubs said , scowling . 
 `` but , they 'll probably take down some of the city gates , not to mention level a lot of the homes . 
 that will leave straff with a clear field to attack a weakened foe . 
 plus , koloss do n't strategize-for them , city walls wo n't be much help . 
 straff could n't ask for a better setup . '' 
 `` he 'd be seen as a liberator , '' breeze said quietly . 
 `` if he returns at the right time-after the koloss have broken into the city and fought the soldiers , but before they 've done serious damage to the skaa quarter-he could free the people and establish himself as their protector , not their conqueror . 
 knowing how the people feel , i think they 'd welcome him . 
 right now , a strong leader would mean more to them than coins in their pockets and rights in the assembly . '' 
 as the group thought on this , breeze eyed sazed , who still sat quietly . 
 he 'd said so little ; what was his game ? 
 why gather the crew ? 
 was he subtle enough to know that they 'd simply needed to have an honest discussion like this , without elend 's morals to clutter things up ? 
 `` we could just let straff have it , '' dockson finally said . 
 `` the city , i mean . 
 we could promise to call vin off . 
 if that is where this is heading anyway ... '' `` dox , '' ham said quietly , `` what would kell think , to hear you talk like that ? '' 
 `` we could give the city to jastes lekal , '' breeze said . 
 `` perhaps he can be persuaded to treat the skaa with dignity . '' 
 `` and let twenty thousand koloss into the city ? '' 
 ham asked . 
 `` breeze , have you ever seen what those things can do ? '' 
 dockson pounded the table . 
 `` i 'm just giving options , ham . 
 what else are we going to do ? '' 
 `` fight , '' clubs said . 
 `` and die . '' 
 the room fell silent again . 
 `` you sure know how to kill a conversation , my friend , '' breeze finally said . 
 `` it needed to be said , '' clubs muttered . 
 `` no use fooling yourselves anymore . 
 we ca n't win a fight , and a fight is where this was always going . 
 the city is going to get attacked . 
 we 're going to defend it . 
 and we 'll lose . 
 `` you wonder if we should just give up . 
 well , we 're not going to do that . 
 kell would n't let us , and so we wo n't let ourselves . 
 we 'll fight , and we 'll die with dignity . 
 then , the city will burn-but we 'll have said something . 
 the lord ruler pushed us around for a thousand years , but now we skaa have pride . 
 we fight . 
 we resist . 
 and we die . '' 
 `` what was this all worth , then ? '' 
 ham said with frustration . 
 `` why overthrow the final empire ? 
 why kill the lord ruler ? 
 why do anything , if it was just going to end like this ? 
 tyrants ruling every dominance , luthadel smashed to rubble , our crew dead ? '' 
 `` because , '' sazed said softly , `` someone had to begin it . 
 while the lord ruler ruled , society could not progress . 
 he kept a stabilizing hand on the empire , but it was an oppressive hand as well . 
 fashion stayed remarkably unchanged for a thousand years , the noblemen always trying to fit the lord ruler 's ideals . 
 architecture and science did not progress , for the lord ruler frowned on change and invention . 
 `` and the skaa could not be free , for he would not let them . 
 however , killing him did not free our peoples , my friends . 
 only time will do that . 
 it will take centuries , perhaps-centuries of fighting , learning , and growth . 
 at the beginning , unfortunately and unavoidably , things will be very difficult . 
 worse even than they were beneath the lord ruler . '' 
 `` and we die for nothing , '' ham said with a scowl . 
 `` no , '' sazed said . 
 `` not nothing , lord hammond . 
 we will die to show that there are skaa who will not be bullied , who will not back down . 
 this is a very important precedent , i think . 
 in the histories and legends , this is the kind of event that inspires . 
 if the skaa are ever to take rule of themselves , there will need to be sacrifices they can look to for motivation . 
 sacrifices like that of the survivor himself . '' 
 the men sat in silence . 
 `` breeze , '' ham said , `` i could use a little more confidence right now . '' 
 `` of course , '' breeze said , carefully soothing away the man 's anxiety and fear . 
 his face lost some of its pale pallor , and he sat up a little straighter . 
 just for good measure , breeze gave the rest of the crew a little of the same treatment . 
 `` how long have you known ? '' 
 dockson asked sazed . 
 `` for some time now , lord dockson , '' sazed said . 
 `` but , you could n't have known that straff would pull back and give us to the koloss . 
 only clubs figured that out . '' 
 `` my knowledge was general , lord breeze , '' sazed said in his even voice . 
 `` it did not relate to the koloss specifically . 
 i have thought for some time that this city would fall . 
 in all honesty , i am deeply impressed with your efforts . 
 this people should long since have been defeated , i think . 
 you have done something grand-something that will be remembered for centuries . '' 
 `` assuming anyone survives to tell the story , '' clubs noted . 
 sazed nodded . 
 `` that , actually , is why i called this gathering . 
 there is little chance of those of us who remain in the city surviving-we will be needed to help with defenses , and if we do survive the koloss attack , straff will try to execute us . 
 however , it is not necessary for us all to remain in luthadel for its fall-someone , perhaps , should be sent out to organize further resistance against the warlords . '' 
 `` i wo n't leave my men , '' clubs grumbled . 
 `` nor i , '' ham said . 
 `` though i did send my family to ground yesterday . '' 
 the simple phrase meant that he 'd had them leave , perhaps to hide in the city 's underground , perhaps to escape through one of the passwalls . 
 ham would n't know-and that way he could n't betray their location . 
 old habits died hard . 
 `` if this city falls , '' dockson said , `` i 'll be here with it . 
 that 's what kell would expect . 
 i 'm not leaving . '' 
 `` i 'll go , '' breeze said , looking at sazed . 
 `` is it too early to volunteer ? '' 
 `` um , actually , lord breeze , '' sazed said , `` i was n't - '' breeze held up a hand . 
 `` it 's all right , sazed . 
 i believe it 's obvious whom you think should be sent away . 
 you did n't invite them to the meeting . '' 
 dockson frowned . 
 `` we 're going to defend luthadel to the death , and you want to send away our only mistborn ? '' 
 sazed nodded his head . 
 `` my lords , '' he said softly , `` the men of this city will need our leadership . 
 we gave them this city and put them in this predicament . 
 we can not abandon them now . 
 but ... there are great things at work in this world . 
 greater things than us , i think . 
 i am convinced that mistress vin is part of them . 
 `` even if these matters are delusions on my part , then lady vin still must not be allowed to die in this city . 
 she is the people 's most personal and powerful link to the survivor . 
 she has become a symbol to them , and her skills as a mistborn give her the best chance of being able to get away , then survive the attacks straff will undoubtedly send . 
 she will be a great value in the fight to come-she can move quickly and stealthily , and can fight alone , doing much damage , as she proved last night . '' 
 sazed bowed his head . 
 `` my lords , i called you here today so that we could decide how to convince her to run , when the rest of us stay to fight . 
 it will not be an easy task , i think . '' 
 `` she wo n't leave elend , '' ham said . 
 `` he 'll have to go , too . '' 
 `` my thoughts as well , lord hammond , '' sazed said . 
 clubs chewed his lip in thought . 
 `` that boy wo n't be easily convinced to flee . 
 he still thinks we can win this fight . '' 
 `` and we may yet , '' sazed said . 
 `` my lords , my purpose is not to leave you without any hope at all . 
 but , the dire circumstances , the likelihood of success ... '' `` we know , sazed , '' breeze said . 
 `` we understand . '' 
 `` there have to be others of the crew who can go , '' ham said , looking down . 
 `` more than just the two . '' 
 `` i would send tindwyl with them , '' sazed said . 
 `` she will carry to my people many discoveries of great importance . 
 i also plan to send lord lestibournes . 
 he would do little good in the battle , and his abilities as a spy could be of help to lady vin and lord elend as they try to rally resistance among the skaa . 
 `` however , those four will not be the only ones who survive . 
 most of the skaa should be safe-jastes lekal seems to be able to control his koloss somehow . 
 even if he can not , then straff should arrive in time to protect the city 's people . '' 
 `` assuming straff is planning what clubs thinks he is , '' ham said . 
 `` he could actually be withdrawing , cutting his losses and leaving luthadel behind . '' 
 `` either way , '' clubs said . 
 `` not many can get out . 
 neither straff nor jastes are likely to allow large groups of people to flee the city . 
 right now , confusion and fear in the streets will serve their purposes far better than depopulation . 
 we might be able to get a few riders on horseback out-especially if one of those riders is vin . 
 the rest of the people will have to take their chances with the koloss . '' 
 breeze felt his stomach turn . 
 clubs spoke so bluntly ... so callously . 
 but that was clubs . 
 he was n't even really a pessimist ; he just said the things that he did n't think others wanted to acknowledge . 
 some of the skaa will survive to become slaves for straff venture , breeze thought . 
 but those who fight-and those who have led the city this last year-are doomed . 
 that includes me . 
 it 's true . 
 this time there really is no way out . 
 `` well ? '' 
 sazed asked , hands spread before him . 
 `` are we in agreement that these four should go ? '' 
 the members of the group nodded . 
 `` let us discuss , then , '' sazed said , `` and devise a plan for sending them away . '' 
 `` we could just make elend think that the danger is n't that great , '' dockson said . 
 `` if he believes that the city is in for a long siege , he might be willing to go with vin on a mission somewhere . 
 they would n't realize what was happening back here until it was too late . '' 
 `` a good suggestion , lord dockson , '' sazed said . 
 `` i think , also , that we could work with vin 's concept of the well of ascension . '' 
 the discussion continued , and breeze sat back , satisfied . 
 vin , elend , and spook will survive , he thought . 
 i 'll have to convince sazed to let allrianne go with them . 
 he glanced around the room , noticing a release of tension in the postures of the others . 
 dockson and ham seemed at peace , and even clubs was nodding quietly to himself , looking satisfied as they talked through suggestions . 
 the disaster was still coming . 
 but , somehow , the possibility that some would escape-the youngest crewmembers , the ones still inexperienced enough to hope-made everything else a little easier to accept . 
 vin stood quietly in the mists , looking up at the dark spires , columns , and towers of kredik shaw . 
 in her head , two sounds thumped . 
 the mist spirit and the larger , vaster sound . 
 it was growing more and more demanding . 
 she continued forward , ignoring the thumps as she approached kredik shaw . 
 the hill of a thousand spires , once home of the lord ruler . 
 it had been abandoned for well over a year , but no vagrants had made their home here . 
 it was too ominous . 
 too terrible . 
 too much a reminder of him . 
 the lord ruler had been a monster . 
 vin remembered well the night , over a year before , when she had come to this palace intending to kill him . 
 to do the job that kelsier had unwittingly trained her to do . 
 she had walked through this very courtyard , had passed guards at the doors before her . 
 and she had let them live . 
 kelsier would have just fought his way in . 
 but vin had talked them into leaving , into joining the rebellion . 
 that act had saved her life when one of those very men , goradel , had led elend to the palace dungeons to help rescue vin . 
 in a way , the final empire had been overthrown because she had n't acted like kelsier . 
 and yet , could she base future decisions upon a coincidence like that ? 
 looking back , it seemed too perfectly allegorical . 
 like a neat little tale told to children , intended to teach a lesson . 
 vin had never heard those tales as a child . 
 and , she had survived when so many others had died . 
 for every lesson like the one with goradel , it seemed that there were a dozen that ended in tragedy . 
 and then there was kelsier . 
 he 'd been right , in the end . 
 his lesson was very different from the ones taught by the children 's tales . 
 kelsier had been bold , even excited , when he executed those who stood in his path . 
 ruthless . 
 he had looked toward the greater good ; he 'd always had his eyes focused on the fall of the empire , and the eventual rise of a kingdom like elend 's . 
 he had succeeded . 
 why could n't she kill as he had , knowing she was doing her duty , never feeling guilt ? 
 she 'd always been frightened by the edge of danger kelsier had displayed . 
 yet , was n't that very edge the thing that had let him succeed ? 
 she passed into the tunnel-like corridors of the palace , feet and mistcloak tassels trailing marks in the dust . 
 the mists , as always , remained behind . 
 they did n't enter buildings-or , if they did , they usually did n't remain for long . 
 with them , she left behind the mist spirit . 
 she had to make a decision . 
 she did n't like the decision , but she was accustomed to doing things she did n't like . 
 that was life . 
 she had n't wanted to fight the lord ruler , but she had . 
 it soon became too dark even for mistborn eyes , and she had to light a lantern . 
 when she did , she was surprised to see that her footsteps were n't the only ones in the dust . 
 apparently , someone else had been haunting the corridors . 
 however , whoever it was , she did n't encounter them as she walked through the hallways . 
 she entered the chamber a few moments later . 
 she was n't sure what had drawn her to kredik shaw , let alone the hidden chamber at its center . 
 it seemed , however , that she had been feeling a kinship with the lord ruler lately . 
 her walkings had brought her here , to a place she had n't visited since that night when she 'd slain the only god she 'd ever known . 
 he had spent a lot of time in this hidden chamber , a place he had apparently built to remind him of his homeland . 
 the chamber had a domed roof that arced overhead . 
 the walls were filled with silvery murals and the floor was filled with metallic inlays . 
 she ignored these , walking forward toward the room 's central feature-a small stone building that had been built within the larger chamber . 
 it was here that kelsier and his wife had been captured many years before , during kelsier 's first attempt to rob the lord ruler . 
 mare had been murdered at the pits . 
 but kelsier had survived . 
 it was here , in this same chamber , that vin had first faced an inquisitor , and had nearly been killed herself . 
 it was also here that she had come months later in her first attempt to kill the lord ruler . 
 she had been defeated that time , too . 
 she stepped into the small building-within-a-building . 
 it had only one room . 
 the floor had been torn up by elend 's crews , searching for the atium . 
 the walls were still hung , however , with the trappings the lord ruler had left behind . 
 she raised her lantern , looking at them . 
 rugs . 
 furs . 
 a small wooden flute . 
 the things of his people , the terris people , from a thousand years before . 
 why had he built his new city of luthadel here , to the south , when his homeland-and the well of ascension itself-had been to the north ? 
 vin had never really understood that . 
 perhaps it came down to decision . 
 rashek , the lord ruler , had been forced to make a decision , too . 
 he could have continued as he was , the pastoral villager . 
 he would probably have had a happy life with his people . 
 but he had decided to become something more . 
 in doing so , he had committed terrible atrocities . 
 yet , could she blame him for the decision itself ? 
 he had become what he 'd thought he needed to be . 
 her decision seemed more mundane , but she knew that other things-the well of ascension , the protection of luthadel-could not be considered until she was certain what she wanted and who she was . 
 and yet , standing in that room where rashek had spent much of his time , thinking about the well , the demanding thumps in her head sounded louder than they ever had before . 
 she had to decide . 
 elend was the one she wanted to be with . 
 he represented peace . 
 happiness . 
 zane , however , represented what she felt she had to become . 
 for the good of everyone involved . 
 the lord ruler 's palace held no clues or answers for her . 
 a few moments later , frustrated and baffled at why she had even come , she left it behind , walking back out into the mists . 
 zane awoke to the sound of a tent spike being pounded in a specific rhythm . 
 his reaction was immediate . 
 he burned steel and pewter . 
 he always swallowed a new bit of each before sleeping . 
 he knew the habit would probably kill him someday ; metals were poisonous if allowed to linger . 
 dying someday was better , in zane 's opinion , than dying today . 
 he flipped out of his cot , tossing his blanket toward the opening tent flap . 
 he could barely see in the darkness of night . 
 even as he jumped , he heard something ripping . 
 the tent walls being slit . 
 `` kill them ! '' 
 god screamed . 
 zane thumped to the ground and grabbed a handful of coins from the bowl beside his bed . 
 he heard cries of surprise as he spun , throwing coins in a spinning spray around him . 
 he pushed . 
 tiny plunks of sound thumped around him as coins met canvas , then continued on . 
 and men began to scream . 
 zane fell to a crouch , waiting silently as the tent collapsed around him . 
 someone was thrashing the cloth to his right . 
 he shot a few coins , and heard a satisfying grunt of pain . 
 in the stillness , canvas resting atop him like a blanket , he heard footsteps running away . 
 he sighed , relaxing , and used a dagger to slice away the top of his tent . 
 he emerged to a misty night . 
 he 'd gone to sleep later today than he usually did ; it was probably near midnight . 
 time to be up anyway . 
 he strode across the fallen top of his tent-moving over to the now cloaked form of his cot-and cut a hole so he could reach through and pluck out the vial of metal he 'd stored in a pocket beneath it . 
 he downed the metals , and tin brought near light to his surroundings . 
 four men lay dying or dead around his tent . 
 they were soldiers , of course-straff 's soldiers . 
 the attack had come later than zane had expected . 
 straff trusts me more than i assumed . 
 zane stepped over the dead form of an assassin and cut his way into a storage chest , then pulled out his clothing . 
 he changed quietly , then removed a small bag of coins from the chest . 
 it must have been the attack on cett 's keep , he thought . 
 it finally convinced straff that i was too dangerous to let live . 
 zane found his man working quietly beside a tent a short distance away , ostensibly testing the strength of a tent cord . 
 he watched every night , paid to pound on a tent spike should anyone approach zane 's tent . 
 zane tossed the man a bag of coins , then moved off into the darkness , passing the canal waters with their supply barges on his way to straff 's tent . 
 his father had some few limitations . 
 straff was fine at large-scale planning , but the details-the subtleties-often got away from him . 
 he could organize an army and crush his enemies . 
 he , however , liked to play with dangerous tools . 
 like the atium mines at the pits of hathsin . 
 like zane . 
 those tools often ended up burning him . 
 zane walked up to the side of straff 's tent , then ripped a hole in the canvas and strode in . 
 straff waited for him . 
 zane gave the man credit : straff watched his death coming with defiance in his eyes . 
 zane stopped in the middle of the room , in front of straff , who sat in his hard wooden chair . 
 `` kill him , '' god commanded . 
 lamps burned in the corners , illuminating the canvas . 
 the cushions and blankets in the corner were rumpled ; straff had taken one last romp with his favorite mistresses before sending his assassins . 
 the king displayed his characteristic air of strong defiance , but zane saw more . 
 he saw a face too slick with sweat , and he saw hands trembling , as if from a disease . 
 `` i have atium for you , '' straff said . 
 `` buried in a place only i know . '' 
 zane stood quietly , staring at his father . 
 `` i will proclaim you openly , '' straff said . 
 `` name you my heir . 
 tomorrow , if you wish . '' 
 zane did n't respond . 
 straff continued to sweat . 
 `` the city is yours , '' zane finally said , turning away . 
 he was rewarded with a startled gasp from behind . 
 zane glanced back . 
 he 'd never seen such a look of shock on his father 's face . 
 that alone was almost worth everything . 
 `` pull your men back , as you are planning , '' zane said , `` but do n't return to the northern dominance . 
 wait for those koloss to invade the city , let them take down the defenses and kill the defenders . 
 then , you can sweep in and rescue luthadel . '' 
 `` but , elend 's mistborn ... '' `` will be gone , '' zane said . 
 `` she 's leaving with me , tonight . 
 farewell , father . '' 
 he turned and left through the slit he 'd made . 
 `` zane ? '' 
 straff called from inside the tent . 
 zane paused again . 
 `` why ? '' 
 straff asked , looking out through the slit . 
 `` i sent assassins to kill you . 
 why are you letting me live ? '' 
 `` because you 're my father , '' zane said . 
 he turned away , looking into the mists . 
 `` a man should n't kill his father . '' 
 with that , zane bid a final farewell to the man who had created him . 
 a man whom zane-despite his insanity , despite the abuse he 'd known over the years-loved . 
 in the dark mists he threw down a coin and shot out over the camp . 
 outside its confines , he landed and easily located the bend in the canal he used as a marker . 
 from the hollow of a small tree there , he pulled a bundle of cloth . 
 a mistcloak , the first gift straff had given him , years before when zane had first snapped . 
 to him , it was too precious to wear around , to soil and use . 
 he knew himself a fool . 
 however , he could not help how he felt . 
 one could not use emotional allomancy on one 's self . 
 he unwrapped the mistcloak and withdrew the things it protected-several vials of metal and a pouch filled with beads . 
 atium . 
 he knelt there for a long moment . 
 then , he reached up to his chest , feeling the space just above his rib cages . 
 where his heart thumped . 
 there was a large bump there . 
 there always had been . 
 he did n't think about it often ; his mind seemed to get distracted when he did . 
 it , however , was the real reason he never wore cloaks . 
 he did n't like the way that cloaks rubbed against the small point of the spike that stuck out of his back just between the shoulder blades . 
 the head was against his sternum , and could n't be seen beneath clothing . 
 `` it is time to go , '' god said . 
 zane stood , leaving the mistcloak behind . 
 he turned from his father 's camp , leaving behind that which he had known , instead seeking the woman who would save him . 
 alendi believes as they do . 
 47 a part of vin was n't even bothered by how many people she had killed . 
 that very indifference , however , terrified her . 
 she sat on her balcony a short time after her visit to the palace , the city of luthadel lost in darkness before her . 
 she sat in the mists-but knew better , now , than to think she 'd find solace in their swirling patterns . 
 nothing was that simple anymore . 
 the mist spirit watched her , as always . 
 it was too distant to see , but she could feel it . 
 and , even stronger than the mist spirit , she could feel something else . 
 that powerful thumping , growing louder and louder . 
 it had once seemed distant , but no longer . 
 the well of ascension . 
 that was what it had to be . 
 she could feel its power returning , flowing back into the world , demanding to be taken up and used . 
 she kept finding herself glancing north , toward terris , expecting to see something on the horizon . 
 a burst of light , a blazing fire , a tempest of winds . 
 something . 
 but there was just mist . 
 it seemed that she could n't succeed at anything , lately . 
 love , protection , duty . 
 i 've let myself get stretched too thin , she thought . 
 there were so many things that demanded her attention , and she 'd tried to give heed to them all . 
 as a result , she had accomplished nothing . 
 her research about the deepness and the hero of ages lay untouched for days , still arranged in piles scattered across her floor . 
 she knew next to nothing about the mist spirit-only that it watched her , and that the logbook author had thought it dangerous . 
 she had n't dealt with the spy in her crew ; she did n't know if zane 's claims regarding demoux were true . 
 and cett still lived . 
 she could n't even perform a proper massacre without stumbling halfway through . 
 it was kelsier 's fault . 
 he had trained her to take his place , but could anyone ever really do that ? 
 why do we always have to be someone else 's knives ? 
 zane 's voice whispered in her head . 
 his words had seemed to make sense sometimes , but they had a flaw . 
 elend . 
 vin was n't his knife-not really . 
 he did n't want her to assassinate or kill . 
 but , his ideals had left him without a throne , and had left his city surrounded by enemies . 
 if she really loved elend-if she really loved the people of luthadel-wouldn ' t she have done more ? 
 the pulsings thumped against her , like the beats of a drum the size of the sun . 
 she burned bronze almost constantly now , listening to the rhythm , letting it pull her away ... `` mistress ? '' 
 oreseur asked from behind . 
 `` what are you thinking about ? '' 
 `` the end , '' vin said quietly , staring outward . 
 silence . 
 `` the end of what , mistress ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 oreseur padded over to the balcony , walking into the mists and sitting down beside her . 
 she was getting to know him well enough that she could see concern in his canine eyes . 
 she sighed , shaking her head . 
 `` i just have decisions to make . 
 and , no matter which choice i make , it will mean an end . '' 
 oreseur sat for a moment , head cocked . 
 `` mistress , '' he finally said , `` that seems excessively dramatic to me . '' 
 vin shrugged . 
 `` no advice for me , then ? '' 
 `` just make the decision , '' oreseur said . 
 vin sat for a moment , then smiled . 
 `` sazed would have said something wise and comforting . '' 
 oreseur frowned . 
 `` i fail to see why he should be part of this conversation , mistress . '' 
 `` he was my steward , '' vin said . 
 `` before he left , and before kelsier switched your contract to me . '' 
 `` ah , '' oreseur said . 
 `` well , i never did much like terrismen , mistress . 
 their self-important sense of subservience is very difficult to imitate-not to mention the fact that their muscles are far too stringy to taste good . '' 
 vin raised an eyebrow . 
 `` you 've imitated terrismen ? 
 i did n't think there would be much cause for that-they were n't a very influential people during the days of the lord ruler . '' 
 `` ah , '' oreseur said . 
 `` but they were always around influential people . '' 
 vin nodded , standing . 
 she walked back into her empty room and lit a lamp , extinguishing her tin . 
 mist carpeted the room , flowing over her stacks of paper , her feet throwing up puffs as she walked toward the bedroom . 
 she paused . 
 that was a bit strange . 
 mist rarely remained long when it came indoors . 
 elend said it had to do with heat and enclosed spaces . 
 vin had always ascribed to it something more mystical . 
 she frowned , watching it . 
 even without tin , she heard the creak . 
 vin spun . 
 zane stood on the balcony , his figure a black silhouette in the mists . 
 he stepped forward , the mist following around him , as it did around anyone burning metals . 
 and yet ... it also seemed to be pushing away from him slightly . 
 oreseur growled quietly . 
 `` it 's time , '' zane said . 
 `` time for what ? '' 
 vin asked , setting the lamp down . 
 `` to go , '' zane said . 
 `` to leave these men and their armies . 
 to leave the squabbling . 
 to be free . '' 
 free . 
 `` i. . . 
 do n't know , zane , '' vin said , looking away . 
 she heard him step forward . 
 `` what do you owe him , vin ? 
 he does n't know you . 
 he fears you . 
 the truth is , he was never worthy of you . '' 
 `` no , '' vin said , shaking her head . 
 `` that 's not it at all , zane . 
 you do n't understand . 
 i was never worthy of him . 
 elend deserves someone better . 
 he deserves ... someone who shares his ideals . 
 someone who thinks he was right to give up his throne . 
 someone who sees more honor-and less foolishness-in that . '' 
 `` either way , '' zane said , stopping a short distance from her . 
 `` he can not understand you . 
 us . '' 
 vin did n't reply . 
 `` where would you go , vin ? '' 
 zane asked . 
 `` if you were n't bound to this place , bound to him ? 
 if you were free , and could do whatever you wished , where would you go ? '' 
 the thumpings seemed louder . 
 she glanced toward oreseur , who sat quietly by the side wall , mostly in the dark . 
 why feel guilty ? 
 what did she have to prove to him ? 
 she turned back to zane . 
 `` north , '' she said . 
 `` to terris . '' 
 `` we can go there . 
 wherever you want . 
 location is irrelevant to me , as long as it is not this place . '' 
 `` i ca n't abandon them , '' vin said . 
 `` even if by doing so , you steal away straff 's only mistborn ? '' 
 zane asked . 
 `` the trade is a good one . 
 my father will know that i have disappeared , but he will not realize that you are n't still in luthadel . 
 he 'll be even more afraid to attack . 
 by giving yourself freedom , you 'll also be leaving your allies with a precious gift . '' 
 zane took her hand , forcing her to look at him . 
 he did look like elend-like a hard version of elend . 
 zane had been broken by life , just as she had been , but both had put themselves back together . 
 had the re-forming made them stronger , or more fragile ? 
 `` come , '' zane whispered . 
 `` you can save me , vin . '' 
 a war is coming to the city , vin thought with a chill . 
 if i stay , i will have to kill again . 
 and slowly , she let him draw her away from her desk , toward the mists and the comforting darkness beyond . 
 she reached up , pulling out a metal vial for the journey , and the motion caused zane to spin suspiciously . 
 he has good instincts , vin thought . 
 instincts like my own . 
 instincts that wo n't let him trust , but that keep him alive . 
 he relaxed as he saw what she was doing , and smiled and turned away again . 
 vin followed him , walking again , but she felt a sudden stab of fear . 
 this is it , she thought . 
 after this , everything changes . 
 the time for decisions has passed . 
 and i made the wrong choice . 
 elend would n't have jumped like that when i took out the vial . 
 she froze . 
 zane tugged on her wrist , but she did n't move . 
 he turned toward her in the mists , frowning as he stood at the edge of her balcony . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' vin whispered , slipping her hand free . 
 `` i ca n't go with you . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 zane asked . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 vin shook her head , turning and walking back into the room . 
 `` tell me what it is ! '' 
 zane said , tone rising . 
 `` what is it about him that draws you ? 
 he is n't a great leader . 
 he 's not a warrior . 
 he 's no allomancer or general . 
 what is it about him ? '' 
 the answer came to her simply and easily . 
 make your decisions-i 'll support you in them . 
 `` he trusts me , '' she whispered . 
 `` what ? '' 
 zane asked incredulously . 
 `` when i attacked cett , '' vin said , `` the others thought i was acting irrationally-and they were right . 
 but elend told them i had a good reason , even if he did n't know what it was . '' 
 `` so he 's a fool , '' zane said . 
 `` when we spoke later , '' vin continued , not looking at zane , `` i was cold to him . 
 i think he knew that i was trying to decide whether to stay with him or not . 
 and ... he told me that he trusted my judgment . 
 he 'd support me if i chose to leave him . '' 
 `` so he 's also unappreciative , '' zane said . 
 vin shook her head . 
 `` no . 
 he just loves me . '' 
 `` i love you . '' 
 vin paused , looking at zane . 
 he looked angry . 
 desperate , even . 
 `` i believe you . 
 i still ca n't go with you . '' 
 `` but why ? '' 
 `` because it would require leaving elend , '' she said . 
 `` even if i ca n't share his ideals , i can respect them . 
 even if i do n't deserve him , i can be near him . 
 i 'm staying , zane . '' 
 zane stood quietly for a moment , mist falling around his shoulders . 
 `` i 've failed , then . '' 
 vin turned away from him . 
 `` no . 
 it is n't that you 've failed . 
 you are n't flawed simply because i - '' he slammed into her , throwing her toward the mist-covered floor . 
 vin turned her head , shocked , as she crashed into the wooden floor , the breath going out of her . 
 zane loomed above her , his face dark . 
 `` you were supposed to save me , '' he hissed . 
 vin flared every metal she had in a sudden jolt . 
 she shoved zane backward and pulled herself against the door hinges . 
 she flew backward and hit the door hard , the wood cracking slightly , but she was too tense-too shocked-to feel anything but the thud . 
 zane rose quietly , standing tall , dark . 
 vin rolled forward into a crouch . 
 zane was attacking her . 
 attacking her for real . 
 but ... he ... `` oreseur ! '' 
 vin said , ignoring her mind 's objections , whipping out her daggers . 
 `` run away ! '' 
 the code given , she charged , trying to distract zane 's attention from the wolfhound . 
 zane sidestepped her attacks with a casual grace . 
 vin whipped a dagger toward his neck . 
 it barely missed as zane tipped his head backward . 
 she struck at his side , at his arm , at his chest . 
 each strike missed . 
 she 'd known he 'd burn atium . 
 she 'd expected that . 
 she skidded to a stop , looking at him . 
 he had n't even bothered to pull out his own weapons . 
 he stood before her , face dark , mist a growing lake at his feet . 
 `` why did n't you listen to me , vin ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` why force me to keep being straff 's tool ? 
 we both know where that must lead . '' 
 vin ignored him . 
 gritting her teeth , she launched into an attack . 
 zane backhanded her indifferently , and she pushed slightly against the deskmounts behind him-tossing herself backward , as if thrown by the force of his blow . 
 she slammed into the wall , then slumped to the ground . 
 directly beside the startled oreseur . 
 he had n't opened his shoulder to give her the atium . 
 had n't he understood the code ? 
 `` the atium i gave you , '' vin hissed . 
 `` i need it . 
 now . '' 
 `` kandra , '' zane said . 
 `` come to me . '' 
 oreseur met her eyes , and she saw something within them . 
 shame . 
 he glanced away , then padded across the floor , mist up to his knees , as he joined zane in the center of the room . 
 `` no ... '' vin whispered . 
 `` oreseur - '' `` you will no longer obey her commands , tensoon , '' zane said . 
 oreseur bowed his head . 
 `` the contract , oreseur ! '' 
 vin said , climbing to her knees . 
 `` you must obey my orders ! '' 
 `` my servant , vin , '' zane said . 
 `` my contract . 
 my orders . '' 
 my servant ... and suddenly , it clicked . 
 she 'd suspected everyone-dockson , breeze , even elend-but she 'd never connected the spy to the one person that made the most sense . 
 there had been a kandra in the palace all along . 
 and he had been at her side . 
 `` i 'm sorry , mistress , '' oreseur whispered . 
 `` how long ? '' 
 vin asked , bowing her head . 
 `` since you gave my predecessor-the real oreseur-the dog 's body , '' the kandra said . 
 `` i killed him that day and took his place , wearing the body of a dog . 
 you never saw him as a wolfhound . '' 
 what easier way to mask the transformation ? 
 vin thought . 
 `` but , the bones we discovered in the palace , '' she said . 
 `` you were with me on the wall when they appeared . 
 they - '' she 'd taken his word on how fresh those bones had been ; she 'd taken his word on when they had been produced . 
 she 'd assumed all along that the switch must have happened that day , when she was with elend on the city wall-but she 'd done so primarily because of what oreseur had said . 
 idiot ! 
 she thought . 
 oreseur-or , tensoon , as zane had called him-had led her to suspect everyone but himself . 
 what was wrong with her ? 
 she was usually so good at sniffing out traitors , at noticing insincerity . 
 how had she missed spotting her own kandra ? 
 zane walked forward . 
 vin waited , on her knees . 
 weak , she told herself . 
 look weak . 
 make him leave you alone . 
 try to - `` soothing me will do no good , '' zane said quietly , grabbing her by the front of her shirt , picking her up , then throwing her back down . 
 mist sprayed beneath her , puffing up in a splash as she slammed to the floor . 
 vin stifled her cry of pain . 
 i have to stay quiet . 
 if guards come , he 'll kill them . 
 if elend comes ... she had to stay quiet , quiet even as zane kicked her in her wounded side . 
 she grunted , eyes watering . 
 `` you could have saved me , '' zane said , peering down at her . 
 `` i was willing to go with you . 
 now , what is left ? 
 nothing . 
 nothing , but straff 's orders . '' 
 he punctuated that sentence with a kick . 
 stay small , she told herself through the pain . 
 he 'll leave you alone eventually ... but it had been years since she 'd had to bow before anyone . 
 her days of cringing before camon and reen were almost misty shadows , forgotten before the light offered by elend and kelsier . 
 as zane kicked again , vin found herself growing angry . 
 he brought his foot back , angling it toward her face , and vin moved . 
 as his foot arced down , she threw herself backward , pushing against the window latches to scoot herself through the mists . 
 she flared pewter , throwing herself up to her feet , trailing mist from the floor . 
 it was up past her knees now . 
 she glared at zane , who looked back with a dark expression . 
 vin ducked forward , but zane moved faster-moved first-stepping between her and the balcony . 
 not that getting to it would do her any good ; with atium , he could chase her down easily . 
 it was like before , when he 'd attacked her with atium . 
 only this time it was worse . 
 before , she 'd been able to believe-if just a little-that they were still sparring . 
 still not enemies , even if they were n't friends . 
 she had n't really believed that he wanted to kill her . 
 she had no such illusions this time . 
 zane 's eyes were dark , his expression flat-just like that night a few days before , when slaughtering cett 's men . 
 vin was going to die . 
 she had n't felt such fear in a long time . 
 but now she saw it , felt it , smelled it on herself as she shied away from the approaching zane . 
 she felt what it was like to face a mistborn-what it must have been like for those soldiers she 'd killed . 
 there was no fighting . 
 there was no chance . 
 no , she told herself forcefully , holding her side . 
 elend did n't back down against straff . 
 he does n't have allomancy , but he marched into the center of the koloss camp . 
 i can beat this . 
 with a cry , vin dashed toward tensoon . 
 the dog backed away in shock , but he need n't have worried . 
 zane was there again . 
 he slammed a shoulder into vin , then whipped his dagger around and slashed a wound across her cheek as she fell backward . 
 the cut was precise . 
 perfect . 
 matching the wound on her other cheek , one given to her during her first fight with a mistborn , nearly two years before . 
 vin gritted her teeth , burning iron as she fell . 
 she pulled on a pouch on her desk , whipping the coins into her hand . 
 she hit the ground on her side , other hand down , and threw herself back to her feet . 
 she dumped a shower of coins from the pouch into her hand , then raised them at zane . 
 blood dripped from her chin . 
 she threw the coins out . 
 zane moved to push them away . 
 vin smiled , then burned duralumin as she pushed . 
 the coins snapped forward , and the wind of their sudden passing parted the mist on the ground , revealing the floor beneath . 
 the room shook . 
 and in an eyeblink , vin found herself slammed back against the wall . 
 she gasped in surprise , breath knocked from her lungs , her vision swimming . 
 she looked up , disoriented , surprised to find herself on the ground again . 
 `` duralumin , '' zane said , still standing with a hand up before him . 
 `` tensoon told me about it . 
 we deduced you must have a new metal from the way you can sense me when my copper is on . 
 after that , a little searching , and he found that note from your metallurgist , which handily had the instructions for making duralumin . '' 
 her addled mind struggled to connect ideas . 
 zane had duralumin . 
 he 'd used the metal , and had pushed against one of the coins she 'd shot at him . 
 he must have pushed behind himself as well , to keep from being forced backward as his weight met hers . 
 and her own duralumin-enhanced push had slammed her against the wall . 
 she had trouble thinking . 
 zane walked forward . 
 she looked up , dazed , then scrambled away on hands and knees , crawling in the mists . 
 it was at face level , and her nostrils tickled as she inhaled the cool , quiet chaos . 
 atium . 
 she needed atium . 
 but , the bead was in tensoon 's shoulder , she could n't pull it to herself . 
 the reason he carried it there was that the flesh protected it from being affected by allomancers . 
 just like the spikes piercing an inquisitor 's body , just like her own earring . 
 metal inside-or even piercing-a person 's body could not be pulled or pushed except with the most extreme of allomantic forces . 
 but she 'd done it once . 
 when fighting the lord ruler . 
 it had n't been her own power , or even duralumin , that had let her accomplish it . 
 it had been something else . 
 the mists . 
 she 'd drawn upon them . 
 something hit her on her back , pushing her down . 
 she rolled over , kicking upward , but her foot missed zane 's face by a few atium-aided inches . 
 zane slapped her foot aside , then reached down , slamming her against the floor by her shoulders . 
 mists churned around him as he looked down at her . 
 through her terror , she reached out for the mists , as she had over a year before when fighting the lord ruler . 
 that day , they had fueled her allomancy , giving her a strength that she should n't have had . 
 she reached out for them , begging for their help . 
 and nothing happened . 
 please ... zane slammed her down again . 
 the mists continued to ignore her pleas . 
 she twisted , pulling against the window frame to get leverage , and pushed zane to the side . 
 they rolled , vin coming around on top . 
 suddenly , both of them lurched off the floor , bursting out of the mists and flying toward the ceiling , thrown upward as zane pushed against coins on the floor . 
 they slammed against the ceiling , zane 's body pushing against hers , pinning her to the wooden planks . 
 he was on top again-or , rather , he was on the bottom , but that was now the point of leverage . 
 vin gasped . 
 he was so strong . 
 stronger than she . 
 his fingers bit into the flesh of her arms despite her pewter , and her side ached from her earlier wounds . 
 she was in no condition to fight-not against another mistborn . 
 especially not one with atium . 
 zane continued to push them against the ceiling . 
 vin 's hair fell toward him , and mists churned the floor below , like a whirlpool vortex that was slowly rising . 
 zane released his push , and they fell . 
 yet , he was still in control . 
 he spun her , throwing her down below him as they entered the mists again . 
 they hit the ground , the blow knocking the wind from vin 's lungs yet again . 
 zane loomed above her , speaking through gritted teeth . 
 `` all that effort , wasted , '' he hissed . 
 `` hiding an allomancer in cett 's hirelings so that you would suspect him of attacking you at the assembly . 
 forcing you to fight in front of elend so that he 'd be intimidated by you . 
 pushing you to explore your powers and kill so that you 'd realize just how powerful you truly are . 
 all wasted ! '' 
 he leaned down . 
 `` you . 
 were . 
 supposed . 
 to . 
 save me ! '' 
 he said , his face just inches from hers , breathing heavily . 
 he pinned one of her struggling arms to the floor with his knee , and then , in a strangely surreal moment , he kissed her . 
 and at the same time , he rammed his dagger into the side of one of her br ** sts . 
 vin tried to cry out , but his mouth held hers as the dagger cut her flesh . 
 `` be careful , master ! '' 
 oreseur-tensoon-suddenly yelled . 
 `` she knows much about kandra ! '' 
 zane looked up , his hand stilled . 
 the voice , the pain , brought lucidity to vin . 
 she flared tin , using the pain to shock herself awake , clearing her mind . 
 `` what ? '' 
 zane asked , looking down toward the kandra . 
 `` she knows , master , '' tensoon said . 
 `` she knows our secret . 
 the reason why we served the lord ruler . 
 the reason why we serve the contract . 
 she knows why we fear allomancers so much . '' 
 `` be silent , '' zane commanded . 
 `` and speak no more . '' 
 tensoon fell silent . 
 our secret ... vin thought , glancing over at the wolfhound , sensing the anxiety in his canine expression . 
 he 's trying to tell me something . 
 trying to help me . 
 secret . 
 the secret of the kandra . 
 the last time she 'd tried soothing him , he 'd howled with pain . 
 yet , she saw permission in his expression . 
 it was enough . 
 she slammed tensoon with a soothing . 
 he cried out , howling , but she pushed harder . 
 nothing happened . 
 gritting her teeth , she burned duralumin . 
 something broke . 
 she was in two places at once . 
 she could feel tensoon standing by the wall , and she could feel her own body in zane 's grip . 
 tensoon was hers , totally and completely . 
 somehow , not quite knowing how , she ordered him forward , controlling his body . 
 the massive wolfhound 's body slammed into zane , throwing him off vin . 
 the dagger flipped to the ground , and vin stumbled to her knees , grabbing her chest , feeling warm blood there . 
 zane rolled , obviously shocked , but he came to his feet and kicked tensoon . 
 bones broke . 
 the wolfhound tumbled across the floor-right toward vin . 
 she snatched the dagger off the ground as he rolled to her feet , then plunged it into his shoulder , cutting the shoulder , her fingers feeling in the muscle and sinew . 
 she came up with bloodied hands and a single bead of atium . 
 she swallowed it with a gulp , spinning toward zane . 
 `` now let 's see how you fare , '' she hissed , burning atium . 
 dozens of atium shadows burst from zane , showing her possible actions he could take-all of them ambiguous . 
 she would be giving off the same confusing mess to his eyes . 
 they were even . 
 zane turned , looking into her eyes , and his atium shadows disappeared . 
 impossible ! 
 she thought . 
 tensoon groaned at her feet as she realized that her atium reserve was gone . 
 burned away . 
 but the bead had been so large ... `` did you think i 'd give you the very weapon you needed to fight me ? '' 
 zane asked quietly . 
 `` did you think i 'd really give up atium ? '' 
 `` but - '' `` a lump of lead , '' zane said , walking forward . 
 `` plated with a thin layer of atium around it . 
 oh , vin . 
 you really need to be more careful whom you trust . '' 
 vin stumbled backward , feeling her confidence wilt . 
 make him talk ! 
 she thought . 
 try to get his atium to run out . 
 `` my brother said that i should n't trust anyone ... '' she mumbled . 
 `` he said ... anyone would betray me . '' 
 `` he was a wise man , '' zane said quietly , standing chest-deep in mists . 
 `` he was a paranoid fool , '' vin said . 
 `` he kept me alive , but he left me broken . '' 
 `` then he did you a favor . '' 
 vin glanced toward tensoon 's mangled , bleeding form . 
 he was in pain ; she could see it in his eyes . 
 in the distance she could hear ... thumping . 
 she 'd turned her bronze back on . 
 she looked up slowly . 
 zane was walking toward her . 
 confident . 
 `` you 've been playing with me , '' she said . 
 `` you drove a wedge between me and elend . 
 you made me think he feared me , made me think he was using me . '' 
 `` he was , '' zane said . 
 `` yes , '' vin said . 
 `` but it does n't matter-not the way you made it seem . 
 elend uses me . 
 kelsier used me . 
 we use each other , for love , for support , for trust . '' 
 `` trust will kill you , '' he said . 
 `` then it is better to die . '' 
 `` i trusted you , '' he said , stopping before her . 
 `` and you betrayed me . '' 
 `` no , '' vin said , raising her dagger . 
 `` i 'm going to save you . 
 just like you want . '' 
 she snapped forward and struck , but her hope-that he 'd run out of atium-was in vain . 
 he sidestepped indifferently ; he let her dagger come within an inch of striking , but he was never really in danger . 
 vin spun to attack , but her blade cut only air , skimming along the top of the rising mists . 
 zane moved before her next attack came , dodging even before she knew what she was going to do . 
 her dagger stabbed the place where he had been standing . 
 he 's too fast , she thought , side burning , mind thumping . 
 or was that the well of ascension thumping ... zane stopped just in front of her . 
 i ca n't hit him , she thought with frustration . 
 not when he knows where i 'll strike before i do ! 
 vin paused . 
 before i do ... zane stepped away to a place near the center of the room , then kicked her fallen dagger into the air and caught it . 
 he turned back toward her , mist trailing from the weapon in his hand , jaw set and eyes dark . 
 he knows where i 'll strike before i do . 
 vin raised her dagger , blood trickling down face and side , thunderous drumbeats booming in her mind . 
 the mist was nearly up to her chin . 
 she cleared her mind . 
 she did n't plan an attack . 
 she did n't react to zane as he ran toward her , dagger raised . 
 she loosened her muscles and closed her eyes , listening to his footsteps . 
 she felt the mist rise around her , churned by zane 's advent . 
 she snapped her eyes open . 
 he had the dagger raised ; it glittered as it swung . 
 vin prepared to attack , but did n't think about the strike ; she simply let her body react . 
 and she watched zane very , very carefully . 
 he flinched just slightly to the left , open hand moving upward , as if to grab something . 
 there ! 
 vin thought , immediately wrenching herself to the side , forcing her instinctive attack out of its natural trajectory . 
 she twisted her arm-and dagger-midswing . 
 she had been about to attack left , as zane 's atium had anticipated . 
 but , by reacting , zane had shown her what she was going to do . 
 let her see the future . 
 and if she could see it , she could change it . 
 they met . 
 zane 's weapon took her in the shoulder . 
 but vin 's knife took him in the neck . 
 his left hand closed on empty air , snatching at a shadow that should have told him where her arm would be . 
 zane tried to gasp , but her knife had pierced his windpipe . 
 air sucked through blood around the blade , and zane stumbled back , eyes wide with shock . 
 he met her eyes , then collapsed into the mists , his body thumping against the wooden floor . 
 zane looked up through the mists , looked up at her . 
 i 'm dying , he thought . 
 her atium shadow had split at the last moment . 
 two shadows , two possibilities . 
 he 'd counteracted the wrong one . 
 she 'd tricked him , defeated him somehow . 
 and now he was dying . 
 finally . 
 `` you know why i thought you 'd save me ? '' 
 he tried to whisper to her , though he somehow knew that his lips were n't properly forming the words . 
 `` the voice . 
 you were the first person i ever met that it did n't tell me to kill . 
 the only person . '' 
 `` of course i did n't tell you to kill her , '' god said . 
 zane felt his life seeping away . 
 `` you know the really funny thing , zane ? '' 
 god asked . 
 `` the most amusing part of this all ? 
 you 're not insane . 
 `` you never were . '' 
 vin watched quietly as zane sputtered , blood coming from his lips . 
 she watched cautiously ; a knife to the throat should have been enough to kill even a mistborn , but sometimes pewter could let one do awesome things . 
 zane died . 
 she checked his pulse , then retrieved her dagger . 
 after that , she stood for a moment , feeling ... numb , in both mind and body . 
 she raised a hand to her wounded shoulder-and in doing so , she brushed her wounded breast . 
 she was bleeding too much , and her mind was growing fuzzy again . 
 i killed him . 
 she flared pewter , forcing herself to keep moving . 
 she stumbled over to tensoon , kneeling beside him . 
 `` mistress , '' he said . 
 `` i 'm sorry ... '' `` i know , '' she said , staring at the terrible wound she 'd made . 
 his legs no longer worked , and his body lay in an unnatural twist . 
 `` how can i help ? '' 
 `` help ? '' 
 tensoon said . 
 `` mistress , i nearly got you killed ! '' 
 `` i know , '' she said again . 
 `` how can i make the pain go away ? 
 do you need another body ? '' 
 tensoon was quiet for a moment . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` take zane 's , '' vin said . 
 `` for the moment , at least . '' 
 `` he is dead ? '' 
 tensoon asked with surprise . 
 he could n't see , she realized . 
 his neck is broken . 
 `` yes , '' she whispered . 
 `` how , mistress ? '' 
 tensoon asked . 
 `` he ran out of atium ? '' 
 `` no , '' vin said . 
 `` then , how ? '' 
 `` atium has a weakness , '' she said . 
 `` it lets you see the future . '' 
 `` that ... does n't sound like a weakness , mistress . '' 
 vin sighed , wobbling slightly . 
 focus ! 
 she thought . 
 `` when you burn atium , you see a few moments into the future-and you can change what will happen in that future . 
 you can grab an arrow that should have kept flying . 
 you can dodge a blow that should have killed you . 
 and you can move to block an attack before it even happens . '' 
 tensoon was quiet , obviously confused . 
 `` he showed me what i was going to do , '' vin said . 
 `` i could n't change the future , but zane could . 
 by reacting to my attack before i even knew what i was going to do , he inadvertently showed me the future . 
 i reacted against him , and he tried to block a blow that never came . 
 that let me kill him . '' 
 `` mistress ... '' tensoon whispered . 
 `` that is brilliant . '' 
 `` i 'm sure i 'm not the first to think of it , '' vin said wearily . 
 `` but it is n't the sort of secret that you share . 
 anyway , take his body . '' 
 `` i. . . 
 would rather not wear the bones of that creature , '' tensoon said . 
 `` you do n't know how broken he was , mistress . '' 
 vin nodded tiredly . 
 `` i could just find you another dog body , if you want . '' 
 `` that wo n't be necessary , mistress , '' tensoon said quietly . 
 `` i still have the bones of the other wolfhound you gave me , and most of them are still good . 
 if i replace a few of them with the good bones from this body , i should be able to form a complete skeleton to use . '' 
 `` do it , then . 
 we 're going to need to plan what to do next . '' 
 tensoon was quiet for a moment . 
 finally , he spoke . 
 `` mistress , my contract is void , now that my master is dead . 
 i. . . 
 need to return to my people for reassignment . '' 
 `` ah , '' vin said , feeling a wrench of sadness . 
 `` of course . '' 
 `` i do not want to go , '' tensoon said . 
 `` but , i must at least report to my people . 
 please , forgive me . '' 
 `` there is nothing to forgive , '' vin said . 
 `` and thank you for that timely hint at the end . '' 
 tensoon lay quietly . 
 she could see guilt in his canine eyes . 
 he should n't have helped me against his current master . 
 `` mistress , '' tensoon said . 
 `` you know our secret now . 
 mistborn can control a kandra 's body with allomancy . 
 i do n't know what you will do with it-but realize that i have entrusted you with a secret that my people have kept sacred for a thousand years . 
 the way that allomancers could take control of our bodies and make slaves of us . '' 
 `` i. . . 
 do n't even understand what happened . '' 
 `` perhaps it is better that way , '' tensoon said . 
 `` please , leave me . 
 i have the other dog 's bones in the closet . 
 when you return , i will be gone . '' 
 vin rose , nodding . 
 she left , then , pushing through the mists and seeking the hallway outside . 
 her wounds needed tending . 
 she knew that she should go to sazed , but somehow she could n't force herself in that direction . 
 she walked faster , feet taking her down the hallway , until she was running . 
 everything was collapsing around her . 
 she could n't manage it all , could n't keep things straight . 
 but she did know what she wanted . 
 and so she ran to him . 
 he is a good man-despite it all , he is a good man . 
 a sacrificing man . 
 in truth , all of his actions-all of the deaths , destructions , and pains that he has caused-have hurt him deeply . 
 all of these things were , in truth , a kind of sacrifice for him . 
 48 elend yawned , looking over the letter he 'd penned to jastes . 
 perhaps he could persuade his former friend to see reason . 
 if he could n't ... well , a duplicate of the wooden coin jastes had been using to `` pay '' the koloss sat on elend 's desk . 
 it was a perfect copy , whittled by clubs himself . 
 elend was pretty certain that he had access to more wood than jastes did . 
 if he could help penrod stall for a few more weeks , they might be able to make enough `` money '' to bribe the koloss away . 
 he set down his pen , rubbing his eyes . 
 it was late . 
 time to - his door slammed open . 
 elend spun , and caught sight of a flustered vin dashing across the room and into his arms . 
 she was crying . 
 and she was bloody . 
 `` vin ! '' 
 he said . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 `` i killed him , '' she said , head buried in elend 's chest . 
 `` who ? '' 
 `` your brother , '' she said . 
 `` zane . 
 straff 's mistborn . 
 i killed him . '' 
 `` wait . 
 what ? 
 my brother ? '' 
 vin nodded . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` forget about that , vin ! '' 
 elend said , gently prying her back and pushing her into his chair . 
 she had a gash on her cheek , and her shirt was slick with blood . 
 `` lord ruler ! 
 i 'm going to get sazed right now . '' 
 `` do n't leave me , '' she said , holding his arm . 
 elend paused . 
 something had changed . 
 she seemed to need him again . 
 `` come with me , then . 
 we 'll both go see him . '' 
 vin nodded , standing . 
 she teetered just a bit , and elend felt a spike of fear , but the determined look in her eyes was n't something he wanted to challenge . 
 he put his arm around her , letting her lean on him as they walked to sazed 's quarters . 
 elend paused to knock , but vin simply pushed her way into the dark room , then wobbled and sat down on the floor just inside . 
 `` i 'll ... sit here , '' she said . 
 elend paused worriedly by her side , then raised his lamp and called toward the bedchamber . 
 `` sazed ! '' 
 the terrisman appeared a moment later , looking exhausted and wearing a white sleeping robe . 
 he noticed vin , blinked a few times , then disappeared into his chambers . 
 he returned a moment later with a metalmind bracer strapped to his forearm and a bag of medical equipment . 
 `` now , lady vin , '' sazed said , setting the bag down . 
 `` what would master kelsier think , seeing you in this condition ? 
 you ruin more clothing in this manner , i think ... '' `` this is n't a time for levity , sazed , '' elend said . 
 `` i apologize , your majesty , '' sazed said , carefully cutting the clothing away from vin 's shoulder . 
 `` however , if she is still conscious , then she is n't in serious danger . '' 
 he peered closer at the wound , absently lifting clean cloths from his bag . 
 `` you see ? '' 
 sazed asked . 
 `` this gash is deep , but the blade was deflected by the bone , and missed hitting any major vessels . 
 hold this here . '' 
 he pressed a cloth to the wound , and elend put his hand on it . 
 vin sat with her eyes closed , resting back against the wall , blood dripping slowly from her chin . 
 she seemed more exhausted than in pain . 
 sazed took his knife and cut away the front of vin 's shirt , exposing her wounded chest . 
 elend paused . 
 `` perhaps i should ... '' `` stay , '' vin said . 
 it was n't a plea , but a command . 
 she raised her head , opening her eyes as sazed tisked quietly at the wound , then got out a numbing agent and some needle and thread . 
 `` elend , '' she said , `` i need to tell you something . '' 
 he paused . 
 `` all right . '' 
 `` i 've realized something about kelsier , '' she said quietly . 
 `` i always focus on the wrong things , when it comes to him . 
 it 's hard to forget the hours he spent training me to be an allomancer . 
 yet , it was n't his ability to fight that made him great-it was n't his harshness or his brutality , or even his strength or his instincts . '' 
 elend frowned . 
 `` do you know what it was ? '' 
 she asked . 
 he shook his head , still pressing the cloth against her shoulder . 
 `` it was his ability to trust , '' she said . 
 `` it was the way that he made good people into better people , the way that he inspired them . 
 his crew worked because he had confidence in them-because he respected them . 
 and , in return , they respected each other . 
 men like breeze and clubs became heroes because kelsier had faith in them . '' 
 she looked up at him , blinking tired eyes . 
 `` and you are far better at that than kelsier ever was , elend . 
 he had to work at it . 
 you do it instinctively , treating even weasels like philen as if they were good and honorable men . 
 it 's not naivete , as some think . 
 it 's what kelsier had , only greater . 
 he could have learned from you . '' 
 `` you give me too much credit , '' he said . 
 she shook a tired head . 
 then she turned to sazed . 
 `` sazed ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` yes , child ? '' 
 `` do you know any wedding ceremonies ? '' 
 elend nearly dropped the cloth in shock . 
 `` i know several , '' sazed said as he tended the wound . 
 `` some two hundred , actually . '' 
 `` which one is the shortest ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 sazed pulled a stitch tight . 
 `` the people of larsta only required a profession of love before a local priest . 
 simplicity was a tenet of their belief structure-a reaction , perhaps , to the traditions of the land they were banished from , which was known for its complex system of bureaucratic rules . 
 it is a good religion , one that focused on simple beauty found in nature . '' 
 vin looked at elend . 
 her face was bloody , her hair a mess . 
 `` now , see , '' he said . 
 `` vin , do n't you think that maybe this should wait until , you know - '' `` elend ? '' 
 she interrupted . 
 `` i love you . '' 
 he froze . 
 `` do you love me ? '' 
 she asked . 
 this is insane . 
 `` yes , '' he said quietly . 
 vin turned to sazed , who was still working . 
 `` well ? '' 
 sazed looked up , fingers bloodied . 
 `` this is a very strange time for such an event , i think . '' 
 elend nodded in agreement . 
 `` it 's just a little bit of blood , '' vin said tiredly . 
 `` i 'm really all right , now that i 've sat down . '' 
 `` yes , '' sazed said , `` but you seem somewhat distraught , lady vin . 
 this is n't a decision to be made lightly , under the influence of strong emotions . '' 
 vin smiled . 
 `` the decision to get married should n't be made because of strong emotions ? '' 
 sazed floundered . 
 `` that is n't exactly what i meant . 
 i 'm simply not certain that you are fully in control of your faculties , lady vin . '' 
 vin shook her head . 
 `` i 'm more in control than i have been for months . 
 it 's time for me to stop hesitating , sazed-time to stop worrying , time to accept my place in this crew . 
 i know what i want , now . 
 i love elend . 
 i do n't know what kind of time we 'll have together , but i want some , at least . '' 
 sazed sat for a moment , then returned to his sewing . 
 `` and you , lord elend ? 
 what are your thoughts ? '' 
 what were his thoughts ? 
 he remembered just the day before , when vin had spoken of leaving , and the wrenching he had felt . 
 he thought of how much he depended on her wisdom , and her bluntness , and her simple-but not simplistic-devotion to him . 
 yes , he did love her . 
 the world had gone chaotic recently . 
 he had made mistakes . 
 yet , despite everything that had happened , and despite his frustrations , he still felt strongly that he wanted to be with vin . 
 it was n't the idyllic infatuation he 'd felt a year and a half ago , at the parties . 
 but it felt more solid . 
 `` yes , sazed , '' he said . 
 `` i do want to marry her . 
 i have wanted it for some time . 
 i. . . 
 i do n't know what 's going to happen to the city , or my kingdom , but i want to be with vin when it comes . '' 
 sazed continued to work . 
 `` very well , then , '' he finally said . 
 `` if it is my witness you require , then you have it . '' 
 elend knelt , still pressing the cloth on vin 's shoulder , feeling a little bit stunned . 
 `` that 's it then ? '' 
 sazed nodded . 
 `` it is as valid as any witness the obligators could give you , i think . 
 be warned , the larsta love oath is binding . 
 they knew no form of divorce in their culture . 
 do you accept my witness of this event ? '' 
 vin nodded . 
 elend felt himself doing the same . 
 `` then you are married , '' sazed said , tying off his thread , then draping a cloth across vin 's chest . 
 `` hold this for a bit , lady vin , and stanch the rest of the bleeding . '' 
 then he moved on to her cheek . 
 `` i feel like there should be a ceremony or something , '' elend said . 
 `` i could give one , if you wish , '' sazed said , `` but i do not think you need one . 
 i have known you both for some time , and am willing to give my blessing to this union . 
 i simply offer counsel . 
 those who take lightly promises they make to those they love are people who find little lasting satisfaction in life . 
 this is not an easy time in which to live . 
 that does not mean that it has to be a difficult time to love , but it does mean that you will find unusual stresses upon your lives and your relationship . 
 `` do not forget the love oath you made to each other this evening . 
 it will give you much strength in the days to come , i think . '' 
 with that , he pulled the last stitch tight on vin 's face , then finally moved to the shoulder . 
 the bleeding there had mostly stopped , and sazed studied the wound for a moment before beginning work on it . 
 vin looked up at elend , smiling , looking a bit drowsy . 
 he stood and walked over to the room 's washbasin , and returned with a damp cloth to wipe off her face and cheek . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' she said quietly as sazed moved around and took the place elend had been kneeling in . 
 `` sorry ? '' 
 elend said . 
 `` about my father 's mistborn ? '' 
 vin shook her head . 
 `` no . 
 for taking so long . '' 
 elend smiled . 
 `` you 're worth the wait . 
 besides , i think i had to figure a few things out as well . '' 
 `` like how to be a king ? '' 
 `` and how to stop being one . '' 
 vin shook her head . 
 `` you never stopped being one , elend . 
 they can take your crown , but they ca n't take your honor . '' 
 elend smiled . 
 `` thank you . 
 however , i do n't know how much good i 've done the city . 
 by even being here , i divided the people , and now straff will end up in control . '' 
 `` i 'll kill straff if he puts one foot in this city . '' 
 elend gritted his teeth . 
 back to the same problems again . 
 they could only hold vin 's knife against his neck for so long . 
 he 'd figure out a way to wiggle around , and there was always jastes and those koloss ... `` your majesty . '' 
 sazed said as he worked , `` perhaps i can offer a solution . '' 
 elend glanced down at the terrisman , raising an eyebrow . 
 `` the well of ascension , '' sazed said . 
 vin opened her eyes immediately . 
 `` tindwyl and i have been researching the hero of ages , '' sazed continued . 
 `` we are convinced that rashek never did what the hero was supposed to . 
 in fact , we are n't even convinced that this alendi of a thousand years ago was the hero . 
 there are too many discrepancies , too many problems and contradictions . 
 in addition , the mists-the deepness-are still here . 
 and now they are killing people . '' 
 elend frowned . 
 `` what are you saying ? '' 
 sazed pulled a stitch tight . 
 `` something still needs to be done , your majesty . 
 something important . 
 looking at it from a smaller perspective , it might seem that the events at luthadel and the rise of the well of ascension are unrelated . 
 however , from a larger view , they may be solutions to one another . '' 
 elend smiled . 
 `` like the lock and the key . '' 
 `` yes , your majesty , '' sazed said , smiling . 
 `` precisely like that . '' 
 `` it thumps , '' vin whispered , eyes closing . 
 `` in my head . 
 i can feel it . '' 
 sazed paused , then wrapped a bandage around vin 's arm . 
 `` can you feel where it is ? '' 
 vin shook her head . 
 `` i. . . 
 there does n't seem to be a direction to the pulses . 
 i thought they were distant , but they 're getting louder . '' 
 `` that must be the well returning to power , '' sazed said . 
 `` it is fortunate that i know where to find it . '' 
 elend turned , and vin opened her eyes again . 
 `` my research has revealed the location , lady vin , '' sazed said . 
 `` i can draw you a map , from my metalminds . '' 
 `` where ? '' 
 vin whispered . 
 `` north , '' sazed said . 
 `` in the mountains of terris . 
 atop one of the lower peaks , known as deryatith . 
 travel there will be difficult this time of year ... '' `` i can do it , '' vin said firmly as sazed turned to working on her chest wound . 
 elend flushed again , then paused as he turned away . 
 i 'm ... married . 
 `` you 're going to leave ? '' 
 elend asked , looking to vin . 
 `` now ? '' 
 `` i have to , '' vin whispered . 
 `` i have to go to it , elend . '' 
 `` you should go with her , your majesty , '' sazed said . 
 `` what ? '' 
 sazed sighed , looking up . 
 `` we have to face facts , your majesty . 
 as you said earlier , straff will soon take this city . 
 if you are here , you will be executed . 
 however , lady vin will undoubtedly need help securing the well . '' 
 `` it 's supposed to hold great power , '' elend said , rubbing his chin . 
 `` could we , you think , destroy those armies ? '' 
 vin shook her head . 
 `` we could n't use it , '' she whispered . 
 `` the power is a temptation . 
 that 's what went wrong last time . 
 rashek took the power instead of giving it up . '' 
 `` giving it up ? '' 
 elend asked . 
 `` what does that mean ? '' 
 `` letting it go , your majesty , '' sazed said . 
 `` letting it defeat the deepness on its own . '' 
 `` trust , '' vin whispered . 
 `` it 's about trust . '' 
 `` however , '' sazed said , `` i think that releasing this power could do great things for the land . 
 change things , and undo much of the damage the lord ruler did . 
 i have a strong suspicion that it would destroy the koloss , since they were created by the lord ruler 's misuse of the power . '' 
 `` but straff would hold the city , '' elend said . 
 `` yes , '' sazed said , `` but if you leave , the transition will be peaceful . 
 the assembly has all but decided to accept him as their emperor , and it appears that he 'll let penrod rule as a subject king . 
 there will be no bloodshed , and you will be able to organize resistance from outside . 
 besides , who knows what releasing the power will do ? 
 lady vin could be left changed , much as the lord ruler was . 
 with the crew in hiding within the city , it should not be so difficult to oust your father-particularly when he grows complacent in a year or so . '' 
 elend gritted his teeth . 
 another revolution . 
 yet , what sazed said made sense . 
 for so long , we 've been worrying about the small-scale . 
 he glanced at vin , feeling a surge of warmth and love . 
 maybe it 's time i started listening to the things she 's been trying to tell me . 
 `` sazed , '' elend said , a sudden thought occurring to him , `` do you think that i could convince the terris people to help us ? '' 
 `` perhaps , your majesty , '' sazed said . 
 `` my prohibition against interfering-the one i have been ignoring-comes because i was given a different assignment by the synod , not because we believe in avoiding all action . 
 if you could convince the synod that the future of the terris people will be benefited by having a strong ally in luthadel , you may just be able to get yourself military aid from terris . '' 
 elend nodded , thoughtful . 
 `` remember the lock and the key , your majesty , '' sazed said , finishing off vin 's second wound . 
 `` in this case , leaving seems like the opposite of what you should do . 
 however , if you look at the larger picture , you will see that it 's precisely what you need to do . '' 
 vin opened her eyes , looking up at him , smiling . 
 `` we can do this , elend . 
 come with me . '' 
 elend stood for a moment . 
 lock and key ... `` all right , '' he said . 
 `` we 'll leave as soon as vin is able . '' 
 `` she should be able to ride tomorrow , '' sazed said . 
 `` you know what pewter can do for a body . '' 
 elend nodded . 
 `` all right . 
 i should have listened to you earlier , vin . 
 besides , i 've always wanted to see your homeland , sazed . 
 you can show it to us . '' 
 `` i will need to stay here , i fear , '' sazed said . 
 `` i should soon leave for the south to continue my work there . 
 tindwyl , however , can go with you-she has important information that needs to be passed on to my brethren the keepers . '' 
 `` it will need to be a small group , '' vin said . 
 `` we 'll have to outrun-or perhaps sneak past-straff 's men . '' 
 `` just you three , i think , '' sazed said . 
 `` or , perhaps one other person to help with watches while you sleep , someone skilled in hunting and scouting . 
 lord lestibournes , perhaps ? '' 
 `` spook would be perfect , '' elend said , nodding . 
 `` you 're sure the other crewmembers will be safe in the city ? '' 
 `` of course they wo n't , '' vin said , smiling . 
 `` but they 're experts . 
 they hid from the lord ruler-they 'll be able to hide from straff . 
 particularly if they do n't have to worry about keeping you safe . '' 
 `` then it is decided , '' sazed said , standing . 
 `` you two should try to rest well tonight , despite the recent change in your relationship . 
 can you walk , lady vin ? '' 
 `` no need , '' elend said , leaning down and picking her up . 
 she wrapped her arms around him , though her grip was not tight , and he could see that her eyes were already drooping again . 
 he smiled . 
 suddenly , the world seemed a much simpler place . 
 he would take some time and spend it on what was really important ; then , once he and vin had sought help from the north , they could return . 
 he actually looked forward to coming back and tackling their problems with renewed vigor . 
 he held vin tight , nodding good night to sazed , then walking out toward his rooms . 
 it seemed that everything had worked out fine in the end . 
 sazed stood slowly , watching the two leave . 
 he wondered what they would think of him , when they heard of luthadel 's fall . 
 at least they would have each other for support . 
 his wedding blessing was the last gift he could give them-that , and their lives . 
 how will history judge me for my lies ? 
 he wondered . 
 what will it think of the terrisman who took such a hand in politics , the terrisman who would fabricate mythology to save the lives of his friends ? 
 the things he 'd said about the well were , of course , falsehoods . 
 if there was such a power , he had no idea where it was , nor what it would do . 
 how history judged him would probably depend on what elend and vin did with their lives . 
 sazed could only hope that he had done the right thing . 
 watching them go , knowing that their youthful love would be spared , he could n't help but smile at his decision . 
 with a sigh , he stooped down and gathered up his medical items ; then he retreated to his rooms to fabricate the map he had promised vin and elend . 
 part five snow and ash he is accustomed to giving up his own will before the greater good , as he sees it . 
 49 `` you are a fool , elend venture , '' tindwyl snapped , arms folded , eyes wide with displeasure . 
 elend pulled a strap tight on his saddle . 
 part of the wardrobe tindwyl had made for him included a black and silver riding uniform , and he wore this now , fingers snug within the leather gloves , and a dark cloak to keep off the ash . 
 `` are you listening to me ? '' 
 tindwyl demanded . 
 `` you ca n't leave . 
 not now ! 
 not when your people are in such danger ! '' 
 `` i 'll protect them in another way , '' he said , checking on the packhorses . 
 they were in the keep 's covered way , used for arrivals and departures . 
 vin sat on her own horse , enveloped almost completely in her cloak , hands holding her reins tensely . 
 she had very little experience riding , but elend refused to let her run . 
 pewter or no pewter , the wounds from her fight at the assembly still had n't healed completely , not to mention the damage she 'd taken the night before . 
 `` another way ? '' 
 tindwyl asked . 
 `` you should be with them . 
 you 're their king ! '' 
 `` no , i 'm not , '' elend snapped , turning toward the terriswoman . 
 `` they rejected me , tindwyl . 
 now i have to worry about more important events on a larger stage . 
 they wanted a traditional king ? 
 well , let them have my father . 
 when i return from terris , perhaps they will have realized what they lost . '' 
 tindwyl shook her head and stepped forward , speaking in a quiet voice . 
 `` terris , elend ? 
 you go north . 
 for her . 
 you know why she wants to go there , do n't you ? '' 
 he paused . 
 `` ah , so you do know , '' tindwyl said . 
 `` what do you think of it , elend ? 
 do n't tell me you believe these delusions . 
 she thinks she 's the hero of ages . 
 she supposes that she 'll find something in the mountains up there-some power , or perhaps some revelation , that will transform her into a divinity . '' 
 elend glanced at vin . 
 she looked down at the ground , hood down , still sitting quietly on her horse . 
 `` she 's trying to follow her master , elend , '' tindwyl whispered . 
 `` the survivor became a god to these people , so she thinks she has to do the same . '' 
 elend turned to tindwyl . 
 `` if that is what she truly believes , then i support her . '' 
 `` you support her madness ? '' 
 tindwyl demanded . 
 `` do not speak of my wife in that manner , '' elend said , his commanding tone causing tindwyl to flinch . 
 he swung up into his saddle . 
 `` i trust her , tindwyl . 
 part of trust is belief . '' 
 tindwyl snorted . 
 `` you ca n't possibly believe that she is some prophesied messiah , elend . 
 i know you-you 're a scholar . 
 you may have professed allegiance to the church of the survivor , but you do n't believe in the supernatural any more than i do . '' 
 `` i believe , '' he said firmly , `` that vin is my wife , and that i love her . 
 anything important to her is important to me-and anything she believes has at least that much weight of truth to me . 
 we are going north . 
 we will return once we 've released the power there . '' 
 `` fine , '' tindwyl said . 
 `` then you will be remembered as a coward who abandoned his people . '' 
 `` leave us ! '' 
 elend ordered , raising his finger and pointing toward the keep . 
 tindwyl spun , stalking toward the doorway . 
 as she passed it , she pointed at the supply table , where she had previously placed a book-sized package , wrapped in brown paper , tied with a thick string . 
 `` sazed wishes you to deliver this to the keeper synod . 
 you 'll find them in the city of tathingdwen . 
 enjoy your exile , elend venture . '' 
 then , she left . 
 elend sighed , moving his horse over beside vin 's . 
 `` thank you , '' she said quietly . 
 `` for what ? '' 
 `` for what you said . '' 
 `` i meant it , vin , '' elend said , reaching over to lay a hand on her shoulder . 
 `` tindwyl might be right , you know , '' she said . 
 `` despite what sazed said , i could be mad . 
 do you remember when i told you that i 'd seen a spirit in the mists ? '' 
 elend nodded slowly . 
 `` well , i 've seen it again , '' vin said . 
 `` it 's like a ghost , formed from the patterns in mist . 
 i see it all the time , watching me , following me . 
 and i hear those rhythms in my head-majestic , powerful thumpings , like allomantic pulses . 
 only , i do n't need bronze anymore to hear them . '' 
 elend squeezed her shoulder . 
 `` i believe you , vin . '' 
 she looked up , reserved . 
 `` do you , elend ? 
 do you really ? '' 
 `` i 'm not sure , '' he admitted . 
 `` but i 'm trying very hard to . 
 either way , i think going north is the right thing to do . '' 
 she nodded slowly . 
 `` that 's enough , i think . '' 
 he smiled , turning back to the doorway . 
 `` where is spook ? '' 
 vin shrugged beneath her cloak . 
 `` i assume tindwyl wo n't be coming with us , then . '' 
 `` probably not , '' elend said , smiling . 
 `` how will we find our way to terris ? '' 
 `` it wo n't be hard , '' elend said . 
 `` we 'll just follow the imperial canal to tathingdwen . '' 
 he paused , thinking of the map sazed had given them . 
 it led straight into the terris mountains . 
 they 'd have to get supplies in tathingdwen , and the snows would be high , but ... well , that was a problem for another time . 
 vin smiled , and elend walked over to pick up the package tindwyl had left . 
 it appeared to be a book of some sort . 
 a few moments later , spook arrived . 
 he wore his soldier 's uniform , and had saddlebags slung over his shoulder . 
 he nodded to elend , handed vin a large bag , then moved to his own horse . 
 he looks nervous , elend thought as the boy slung his bags over his horse . 
 `` what 's in the bag ? '' 
 he asked , turning to vin . 
 `` pewter dust , '' she said . 
 `` i think we might need it . '' 
 `` are we ready ? '' 
 spook asked , looking over at them . 
 elend glanced at vin , who nodded . 
 `` i guess we - '' `` not quite yet , '' a new voice said . 
 `` i 'm not ready at all . '' 
 elend turned as allrianne swept into the passage . 
 she wore a rich brown and red riding skirt , and had her hair tied up beneath a scarf . 
 where 'd she get that outfit ? 
 elend wondered . 
 two servants followed her , bearing bundles . 
 allrianne paused , tapping her lip with a thoughtful expression . 
 `` i think i 'm going to need a packhorse . '' 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 vin demanded . 
 `` going with you , '' allrianne said . 
 `` breezy says i have to leave the city . 
 he 's a very silly man , sometimes , but he can be quite stubborn . 
 he spent the entire conversation soothing me-as if i could n't recognize his touch by now ! '' 
 allrianne waved to one of the servants , who ran to get a stablehand . 
 `` we 're going to be riding very hard , '' elend said . 
 `` i 'm not sure if you 'll be able to keep up . '' 
 allrianne rolled her eyes . 
 `` i rode all the way out here from the western dominance ! 
 i think i can manage . 
 besides , vin is hurt , so you probably wo n't be going that fast . '' 
 `` we do n't want you along , '' vin said . 
 `` we do n't trust you-and we do n't like you . '' 
 elend closed his eyes . 
 dear , blunt vin . 
 allrianne just twittered a laugh as the servant returned with two horses , then began to load one . 
 `` silly vin , '' she said . 
 `` how can you say that after all we 've shared ? '' 
 `` shared ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 `` allrianne , we went shopping together one time . '' 
 `` and i felt we bonded quite well , '' allrianne said . 
 `` why , we 're practically sisters ! '' 
 vin gave the girl a flat stare . 
 `` yes , '' allrianne said , `` and you 're definitely the older , boring sister . '' 
 she smiled sweetly , then swung easily up into her saddle , suggesting considerable horsemanship . 
 one of the servants led her packhorse over , then tied the reins into place behind allrianne 's saddle . 
 `` all right , elend dear , '' she said . 
 `` i 'm ready . 
 let 's go . '' 
 elend glanced at vin , who shook her head with a dark look . 
 `` you can leave me behind if you wish , '' allrianne said , `` but i 'll just follow and get into trouble , and then you 'll have to come save me . 
 and do n't even try and pretend that you would n't ! '' 
 elend sighed . 
 `` very well , '' he said . 
 `` let 's go . '' 
 they made their way slowly through the city , elend and vin at the lead , spook bringing their packhorses , allrianne riding to the side . 
 elend kept his head up , but that only let him see the faces that poked out of windows and doorways as he passed . 
 soon , a small crowd was trailing them-and while he could n't hear their whispers , he could imagine what they were saying . 
 the king . 
 the king is abandoning us ... he knew that many of them still could n't understand that lord penrod held the throne . 
 elend glanced away from an alleyway , where he saw many eyes watching him . 
 there was a haunted fear in those eyes . 
 he had expected to see accusations , but somehow their despondent acceptance was even more disheartening . 
 they expected him to flee . 
 they expected to be abandoned . 
 he was one of the few rich enough , and powerful enough , to get away . 
 of course he 'd run . 
 he squeezed his own eyes shut , trying to force down his guilt . 
 he wished that they could have left at night , sneaking out the passwall as ham 's family had . 
 however , it was important that straff saw elend and vin leaving , so that he understood he could take the city without attacking . 
 i 'll be back , elend promised the people . 
 i 'll save you . 
 for now , it 's better if i leave . 
 the broad doors of tin gate appeared ahead of them . 
 elend kicked his horse forward , speeding ahead of his silent wave of followers . 
 the guards at the gate already had their orders . 
 elend gave them a nod , reining in his horse , and the men swung the doors open . 
 vin and the others joined him before the opening portal . 
 `` lady heir , '' one of the guards asked quietly . 
 `` are you leaving , too ? '' 
 vin looked to the side . 
 `` peace , '' she said . 
 `` we 're not abandoning you . 
 we 're going for help . '' 
 the soldier smiled . 
 how can he trust her so easily ? 
 elend thought . 
 or , is hope all he has left ? 
 vin turned her horse around , facing the crowd of people , and she lowered her hood . 
 `` we will return , '' she promised . 
 she did n't seem as nervous as she had before when dealing with people who revered her . 
 ever since last night , something has changed in her , elend thought . 
 as a group , the soldiers saluted them . 
 elend saluted back ; then he nodded to vin . 
 he led the way as they galloped out the gates , angling toward the northern highway-a path that would allow them to skirt just west of straff 's army . 
 they had n't gone far before a group of horsemen moved to intercept them . 
 elend rode low on his horse , sparing a glance for spook and the packhorses . 
 what caught elend 's attention , however , was allrianne : she rode with amazing proficiency , a look of determination on her face . 
 she did n't seem the least bit nervous . 
 to the side , vin whipped her cloak back , bringing out a handful of coins . 
 she flung them into the air , and they shot forward with a speed elend had never seen , even from other allomancers . 
 lord ruler ! 
 he thought with shock as the coins zipped away , disappearing faster than he could track . 
 soldiers fell , and elend barely heard the plinging of metal against metal over the sound of wind and hoofbeats . 
 he rode directly through the center of the chaotic group of men , many of them down and dying . 
 arrows began to fall , but vin scattered these without even waving a hand . 
 she had opened the bag of pewter , he noticed , and was releasing the dust in a shower behind her as she rode , pushing some of it to the sides . 
 the next arrows wo n't have metal heads , elend thought nervously . 
 soldiers were forming up behind , shouting . 
 `` i 'll catch up , '' vin said , then jumped off her horse . 
 `` vin ! '' 
 elend yelled , turning his beast . 
 allrianne and spook shot past him , riding hard . 
 vin landed and , amazingly , did n't even stumble as she began to run . 
 she downed a vial of metal , then looked toward the archers . 
 arrows flew . 
 elend cursed , but kicked his horse into motion . 
 there was little he could do now . 
 he rode low , galloping as the arrows fell around him . 
 one passed within inches of his head , falling to stick into the road . 
 and then they stopped falling . 
 he glanced backward , teeth gritted . 
 vin stood before a rising cloud of dust . 
 the pewter dust , he thought . 
 she 's pushing on it-pushing the flakes along the ground , stirring up the dust and ash . 
 a massive wave of dust , metal , and ash slammed into the archers , washing over them . 
 it blew around the soldiers , making them curse and shield their eyes , and some fell to the ground , holding their faces . 
 vin swung back onto her horse , then galloped away from the billowing mass of wind-borne particles . 
 elend slowed his horse , letting her catch up . 
 the army was in chaos behind them , men giving orders , people scattering . 
 `` speed up ! '' 
 vin said as she approached . 
 `` we 're almost out of bowshot ! '' 
 soon they joined allrianne and spook . 
 we are n't out of danger-my father could still decide to send pursuit . 
 but , the soldiers could n't have mistaken vin . 
 if elend 's instincts were right , straff would let them run . 
 his prime target was luthadel . 
 he could go after elend later ; for now , he would simply be happy to see vin leaving . 
 `` thank you kindly for the help getting out , '' allrianne suddenly said , watching the army . 
 `` i 'll be going now . '' 
 with that , she veered her two horses away , angling toward a group of low hills to the west . 
 `` what ? '' 
 elend asked with surprise , pulling up next to spook . 
 `` leave her , '' vin said . 
 `` we do n't have time . '' 
 well , that solves one problem , elend thought , turning his horse to the northern highway . 
 farewell , luthadel . 
 i 'll be back for you later . 
 `` well , that solves one problem , '' breeze noted , standing atop the city wall and watching elend 's group disappear around a hillside . 
 to the east , a large-and still unexplained-pillar of smoke rose from the koloss camp . 
 to the west , straff 's army was buzzing about , stirred by the escape . 
 at first , breeze had worried about allrianne 's safety-but then he 'd realized that , enemy army notwithstanding , there was no safer place for her than beside vin . 
 as long as allrianne did n't get too far away from the others , she would be safe . 
 it was a quiet group that stood atop the wall with him , and for once , breeze barely touched their emotions . 
 their solemnity seemed appropriate . 
 the young captain demoux stood beside the aging clubs , and the peaceful sazed stood with ham the warrior . 
 together , they watched the seed of hope they 'd cast to the winds . 
 `` wait , '' breeze said , frowning as he noticed something . 
 `` was n't tindwyl supposed to be with them ? '' 
 sazed shook his head . 
 `` she decided to stay . '' 
 `` why would she do that ? '' 
 breeze asked . 
 `` did n't i hear her babbling something about not interfering in local disputes ? '' 
 sazed shook his head . 
 `` i do not know , lord breeze . 
 she is a difficult woman to read . '' 
 `` they all are , '' clubs muttered . 
 sazed smiled . 
 `` either way , it appears our friends have escaped . '' 
 `` may the survivor protect them , '' demoux said quietly . 
 `` yes , '' sazed said . 
 `` may he indeed . '' 
 clubs snorted . 
 resting one arm on the battlements , he turned to eye sazed with a gnarled face . 
 `` do n't encourage him . '' 
 demoux flushed , then turned and walked away . 
 `` what was that about ? '' 
 breeze asked curiously . 
 `` the boy has been preaching to my soldiers , '' clubs said . 
 `` told him i did n't want his nonsense cluttering their minds . '' 
 `` it is not nonsense , lord cladent , '' sazed said , `` it 's faith . '' 
 `` do you honestly think , '' clubs said , `` that kelsier is going to protect these people ? '' 
 sazed wavered . 
 `` they believe it , and that is - '' `` no , '' clubs interrupted , scowling . 
 `` that is n't enough , terrisman . 
 these people fool themselves by believing in the survivor . '' 
 `` you believed in him , '' sazed said . 
 breeze was tempted to soothe him , make the argument less tense , but sazed already seemed completely calm . 
 `` you followed him . 
 you believed in the survivor enough to overthrow the final empire . '' 
 clubs scowled . 
 `` i do n't like your ethics , terrisman-i never have . 
 our crew-kelsier 's crew-fought to free this people because it was right . '' 
 `` because you believed it to be right , '' sazed said . 
 `` and what do you believe to be right , terrisman ? '' 
 `` that depends , '' sazed said . 
 `` there are many different systems with many different worthy values . '' 
 clubs nodded , then turned , as if the argument were over . 
 `` wait , clubs , '' ham said . 
 `` are n't you going to respond to that ? '' 
 `` he said enough , '' clubs said . 
 `` his belief is situational . 
 to him , even the lord ruler was a deity because people worshipped him-or were forced to worship him . 
 are n't i right , terrisman ? '' 
 `` in a way , lord cladent , '' sazed said . 
 `` though , the lord ruler might have been something of an exception . '' 
 `` but you still keep records and memories of the steel ministry 's practices , do n't you ? '' 
 ham asked . 
 `` yes , '' sazed admitted . 
 `` situational , '' clubs spat . 
 `` at least that fool demoux had the sense to choose one thing to believe in . '' 
 `` do not deride someone 's faith simply because you do not share it , lord cladent , '' sazed said quietly . 
 clubs snorted again . 
 `` it 's all very easy for you , is n't it ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` believing everything , never having to choose ? '' 
 `` i would say , '' sazed replied , `` that it is more difficult to believe as i do , for one must learn to be inclusionary and accepting . '' 
 clubs waved a dismissive hand , turning to hobble toward the stairs . 
 `` suit yourself . 
 i have to go prepare my boys to die . '' 
 sazed watched him go , frowning . 
 breeze gave him a soothing-taking away his self-consciousness-for good measure . 
 `` do n't mind him , saze , '' ham said . 
 `` we 're all a little on edge , lately . '' 
 sazed nodded . 
 `` still , he makes good points-ones i have never before had to face . 
 until this year , my duty was to collect , study , and remember . 
 it is still very hard for me to consider setting one belief beneath another , even if that belief is based on a man that i know to have been quite mortal . '' 
 ham shrugged . 
 `` who knows ? 
 maybe kell is out there somewhere , watching over us . '' 
 no , breeze thought . 
 if he were , we would n't have ended up here-waiting to die , locked in a city we were supposed to save . 
 `` anyway , '' ham said , `` i still want to know where that smoke is coming from . '' 
 breeze glanced at the koloss camp . 
 the dark pillar was too centralized to be coming from cooking fires . 
 `` the tents ? '' 
 ham shook his head . 
 `` el said there were only a couple of tents-far too few to make that much smoke . 
 that fire has been burning for some time . '' 
 breeze shook his head . 
 does n't really matter now , i guess . 
 straff venture coughed again , curling over in his chair . 
 his arms were slick with sweat , his hands trembling . 
 he was n't getting better . 
 at first , he 'd assumed that the chills were a side effect of his nervousness . 
 he 'd had a hard evening , sending assassins after zane , then somehow escaping death at the insane mistborn 's hands . 
 yet , during the night , straff 's shakes had n't gotten better . 
 they 'd grown worse . 
 they were n't just from nervousness ; he must have a disease of some sort . 
 `` your majesty ! '' 
 a voice called from outside . 
 straff straightened himself , trying to look as presentable as possible . 
 even so , the messenger paused as he entered the tent , apparently noting straff 's wan skin and tired eyes . 
 `` my ... lord , '' the messenger said . 
 `` speak , man , '' straff said curtly , trying to project a regality he did n't feel . 
 `` out with it . '' 
 `` riders , my lord , '' the man said . 
 `` they left the city ! '' 
 `` what ! '' 
 straff said , throwing off his blanket and standing . 
 he managed to stand upright despite a bout of dizziness . 
 `` why was n't i informed ? '' 
 `` they passed quickly , my lord , '' the messenger said . 
 `` we barely had time to send the interception crew . '' 
 `` you caught them , i assume , '' straff said , steadying himself on his chair . 
 `` actually , they escaped , my lord , '' the messenger said slowly . 
 `` what ? '' 
 straff said , spinning in rage . 
 the motion was too much . 
 the dizziness returned , blackness creeping across his field of vision . 
 he stumbled , catching himself on the chair , managing to collapse into it rather than onto the floor . 
 `` send for the healer ! '' 
 he heard the messenger shout . 
 `` the king is sick ! '' 
 no , straff thought groggily . 
 no , this came too quickly . 
 it ca n't be a disease . 
 zane 's last words . 
 what had they been ? 
 a man should n't kill his father ... liar . 
 `` amaranta , '' straff croaked . 
 `` my lord ? '' 
 a voice asked . 
 good . 
 someone was with him . 
 `` amaranta , '' he said again . 
 `` send for her . '' 
 `` your mistress , my lord ? '' 
 straff forced himself to remain conscious . 
 as he sat , his vision and balance returned somewhat . 
 one of his door guards was at his side . 
 what was the man 's name ? 
 grent . 
 `` grent , '' straff said , trying to sound commanding . 
 `` you must bring amaranta to me . 
 now ! '' 
 the soldier hesitated , then rushed from the room . 
 straff focused on his breathing . 
 in and out . 
 in and out . 
 zane was a snake . 
 in and out . 
 in and out . 
 zane had n't wanted to use the knife-no , that was expected . 
 in and out . 
 but when had the poison come ? 
 straff had been feeling ill the entire day before . 
 `` my lord ? '' 
 amaranta stood at the doorway . 
 she had been beautiful once , before age had gotten to her-as it got to all of them . 
 childbirth destroyed a woman . 
 so succulent she had been , with her firm br ** sts and smooth , unblemished skin ... your mind is wandering , straff told himself . 
 focus . 
 `` i need ... antidote , '' straff forced out , focusing on the amaranta of the now : the woman in her late twenties , the old-yet still useful-thing that kept him alive in the face of zane 's poisons . 
 `` of course , my lord , '' amaranta said , walking over to his poison cabinet , getting out the necessary ingredients . 
 straff settled back , focusing on his breathing . 
 amaranta must have sensed his urgency , for she had n't even tried to get him to bed her . 
 he watched her work , getting out her burner and ingredients . 
 he needed ... to find ... zane ... she was n't doing it the right way . 
 straff burned tin . 
 the sudden flash of sensitivity nearly blinded him , even in the shade of his tent , and his aches and shivers became sharp and excruciating . 
 but his mind cleared , as if he 'd suddenly bathed in frigid water . 
 amaranta was preparing the wrong ingredients . 
 straff did n't know a great deal about the making of antidotes . 
 he 'd been forced to delegate this duty , instead focusing his efforts on learning to recognize the details-the scents , the tastes , the discolorations-of poisons . 
 yet , he had watched amaranta prepare her catch-all antidote on numerous occasions . 
 and she was doing it differently this time . 
 he forced himself out of his chair , keeping tin flared , though it caused his eyes to water . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 he said , walking on unsteady feet toward her . 
 amaranta looked up , shocked . 
 the guilt that flashed in her eyes was enough confirmation . 
 `` what are you doing ! '' 
 straff bellowed , fear giving him strength as he grabbed her by the shoulders , shaking her . 
 he was weakened , but he was still much stronger than she . 
 the woman looked down . 
 `` your antidote , my lord ... '' `` you 're making it the wrong way ! '' 
 straff said . 
 `` i thought , you looked fatigued , so i might add something to help you stay awake . '' 
 straff paused . 
 the words seemed logical , though he was having trouble thinking . 
 then , looking down at the chagrined woman , he noticed something . 
 his eyes enhanced beyond natural detail , he caught a slight glimpse of a bit of uncovered flesh beneath her bodice . 
 he reached down and ripped off the side of her dress , exposing her skin . 
 her left breast-disgusting to him , for it sagged a slight bit-was scarred and cut , as if by a knife . 
 none of the scars were fresh , but even in his addled state , straff recognized zane 's handiwork . 
 `` you 're his lover ? '' 
 straff said . 
 `` it 's your fault , '' amaranta hissed . 
 `` you abandoned me , once i aged and bore you a few children . 
 everyone told me you would , but yet , i hoped ... '' straff felt himself growing weak . 
 dizzy , he rested a hand on the wooden poisons cabinet . 
 `` yet , '' amaranta said , tears on her cheeks . 
 `` why did you have to take zane from me , too ? 
 what did you do , to draw him off ? 
 to make him stop coming to me ? '' 
 `` you let him poison me , '' straff said , falling to one knee . 
 `` fool , '' amaranta spat . 
 `` he never poisoned you-not a single time . 
 though , at my request , he often made you think that he had . 
 and then , each time , you ran to me . 
 you suspected everything zane did-and yet , you never once paused to think what was in the ` antidote ' i gave you . '' 
 `` it made me better , '' straff mumbled . 
 `` that 's what happens when you 're addicted to a drug , straff , '' amaranta whispered . 
 `` when you get it , you feel better . 
 when you do n't get it ... you die . '' 
 straff closed his eyes . 
 `` you 're mine now , straff , '' she said . 
 `` i can make you - '' straff bellowed , gathering what strength he had and throwing himself at the woman . 
 she cried in surprise as he tackled her , pushing her to the ground . 
 then she said nothing , for straff 's hands choked her windpipe . 
 she struggled for a bit , but straff weighed far more than she did . 
 he 'd intended to demand the antidote , to force her to save him , but he was n't thinking clearly . 
 his vision began to fuzz , his mind dim . 
 by the time he regained his wits , amaranta was blue and dead on the ground before him . 
 he was n't certain how long he 'd been strangling her corpse . 
 he rolled off her , toward the open cabinet . 
 on his knees , he reached up for the burner , but his shaking hands toppled it to the side , spilling hot liquid across the floor . 
 cursing to himself , he grabbed a flagon of unheated water and began to throw handfuls of herbs into it . 
 he stayed away from the drawers that held the poisons , sticking to those that held antidotes . 
 yet , there were many crossovers . 
 some things were poisonous in large doses , but could cure in smaller amounts . 
 most were addictive . 
 he did n't have time to worry about that ; he could feel the weakness in his limbs , and he could barely grab the handfuls of herbs . 
 bits of brown and red shook from his fingers as he dumped handful after handful into the mixture . 
 one of these was the herb that she 'd gotten him addicted to . 
 any one of the others might kill him . 
 he was n't even sure what the odds were . 
 he drank the concoction anyway , gulping it down between choking gasps for air , then let himself slip into unconsciousness . 
 i have no doubt that if alendi reaches the well of ascension , he will take the power and then-in the name of the presumed greater good-give it up . 
 50 `` are those the fellows you want , lady cett ? '' 
 allrianne scanned the valley-and the army it contained-then looked down at the bandit , hobart . 
 he smiled eagerly-or , well , he kind of smiled . 
 hobart had fewer teeth than he had fingers , and he was missing a couple of those . 
 allrianne smiled back from atop her horse . 
 she sat sidesaddle , reins held lightly in her fingers . 
 `` yes , i do believe that it is , master hobart . '' 
 hobart looked back at his band of thugs , grinning . 
 allrianne rioted them all a bit , reminding them how much they wanted her promised reward . 
 her father 's army spread out before them in the distance . 
 she had wandered for an entire day , traveling west , looking for it . 
 but , she 'd been heading in the wrong direction . 
 if she had n't run afoul of hobart 's helpful little gang , she would have been forced to sleep outside . 
 and that would have been rather unpleasant . 
 `` come , master hobart , '' she said , moving her horse forward . 
 `` let 's go and meet with my father . '' 
 the group followed happily , one of them leading her packhorse . 
 there was a certain charm to simple men , like hobart 's crew . 
 they really only wanted three things : money , food , and sex . 
 and they could usually use the first to get the other two . 
 when she 'd first run across this group , she 'd blessed her fortune-despite the fact that they had been running down a hillside in ambush , intent on robbing and raping her . 
 another charm about men like these was that they were rather inexperienced with allomancy . 
 she kept a firm hold on their emotions as they rode down toward the camp . 
 she did n't want them reaching any disappointing conclusions-such as `` ransoms are usually bigger than rewards . '' 
 she could n't control them completely , of course-she could only influence them . 
 however , with men so base , it was fairly easy to read what was going on in their heads . 
 it was amusing how quickly a little promise of wealth could turn brutes into near gentlemen . 
 of course , there was n't much of a challenge in dealing with men like hobart , either . 
 no ... no challenge , as there had been with breezy . 
 now , that had been fun . 
 and rewarding , too . 
 she doubted she 'd ever find a man as aware of his emotions , and as aware of the emotions of others , as breezy . 
 getting a man like him-a man so expert in allomancy , so determined that his age made him inappropriate for her-to love her ... well , that had been a true accomplishment . 
 ah , breezy , she thought as they passed out of the forest and onto the hillside before the army . 
 do any of your friends even understand what a noble man you are ? 
 they really did n't treat him well enough . 
 of course , that was to be expected . 
 that was what breezy wanted . 
 people who underestimated you were easier to manipulate . 
 yes , allrianne understood this concept quite well-for there were few things more quickly dismissed than a young , silly girl . 
 `` halt ! '' 
 a soldier said , riding up with an honor guard . 
 they had swords drawn . 
 `` step away from her , you ! '' 
 oh , honestly , allrianne thought , rolling her eyes . 
 she rioted the group of soldiers , enhancing their sense of calmness . 
 she did n't want any accidents . 
 `` please , captain , '' she said as hobart and his crew drew weapons , huddling around her uncertainly . 
 `` these men have rescued me from the savage wilderness and brought me safely home , at much personal cost and danger . '' 
 hobart nodded firmly , an action undermined just a bit as he wiped his nose on his sleeve . 
 the soldier captain looked over the ash-stained , motley-clothed group of bandits , then frowned . 
 `` see that these men have a good meal , captain , '' she said airily , kicking her horse forward . 
 `` and give them space for the night . 
 hobart , i 'll send your reward once i meet with my father . '' 
 bandits and soldiers moved in behind her , and allrianne made sure to riot them both , enhancing their senses of trust . 
 it was a tough sell for the soldiers , especially as the wind shifted , blowing the full stench of the bandit crew across them . 
 still , they all reached the camp without incident . 
 the groups parted , allrianne giving her horses to an aide and calling for a page to warn her father that she 'd returned . 
 she dusted off her riding dress , then strode through camp , smiling pleasantly and looking forward to a bath and the other comforts-such as they were-that the army could provide . 
 however , first there were things she needed to attend to . 
 her father liked to spend evenings in his open-sided planning pavilion , and he sat there now , arguing with a messenger . 
 he looked over as allrianne swished into the pavilion , smiling sweetly at lords galivan and detor , her father 's generals . 
 cett sat on a high-legged chair so he could get a good view of his table and its maps . 
 `` well , damn it , '' he said . 
 `` you are back . '' 
 allrianne smiled , wandering around his planning table , looking at the map . 
 it detailed the supply lines back to the western dominance . 
 what she saw was not good . 
 `` rebellions back home , father ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` and ruffians attacking my supply carts , '' cett said . 
 `` that boy venture bribed them , i 'm sure of it . '' 
 `` yes , he did , '' allrianne said . 
 `` but , that 's all pointless now . 
 did you miss me ? '' 
 she made sure to tug strongly on his sense of devotion . 
 cett snorted , pulling at his beard . 
 `` fool of a girl , '' he said . 
 `` i should have left you home . '' 
 `` so i could have fallen to your enemies when they raised a rebellion ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` we both know that lord yomen was going to move the moment you pulled your armies out of the dominance . '' 
 `` and i should have let that damn obligator have you ! '' 
 allrianne gasped . 
 `` father ! 
 yomen would have held me for ransom . 
 you know how terribly i wilt when i 'm locked up . '' 
 cett glanced at her , and then-apparently despite himself-he started to chuckle . 
 `` you 'd 've had him feeding you gourmet foods before the day was through . 
 maybe i should have left you behind . 
 then , at least , i 'd have known where you were-rather than worrying where you 'd run off to next . 
 you did n't bring that idiot breeze back with you , did you ? '' 
 `` father ! '' 
 allrianne said . 
 `` breezy is a good man . '' 
 `` good men die quickly in this world , allrianne , '' cett said . 
 `` i know-i 've killed enough of them . '' 
 `` oh , yes , '' allrianne said , `` you 're very wise . 
 and taking an aggressive stance against luthadel had such a positive outcome , did n't it ? 
 chased away with your tail between your legs ? 
 you 'd be dead now , if dear vin had as little conscience as you . '' 
 `` that ` conscience ' did n't stop her from killing some three hundred of my men , '' cett said . 
 `` she 's a very confused young lady , '' allrianne said . 
 `` either way , i do feel obliged to remind you that i was right . 
 you should have made an alliance with the venture boy , instead of threatening him . 
 that means you owe me five new dresses ! '' 
 cett rubbed his forehead . 
 `` this is n't a damn game , girl . '' 
 `` fashion , father , is no game , '' allrianne said firmly . 
 `` i ca n't very well enchant bandit troops into leading me safely home if i look like a street rat , now can i ? '' 
 `` more bandits , allrianne ? '' 
 cett asked with a sigh . 
 `` you know how long it took us to get rid of the last group ? '' 
 `` hobart 's a wonderful man , '' allrianne said testily . 
 `` not to mention well-connected with the local thieving community . 
 give him some gold and some prostitutes , and you might just be able to talk him into helping you with those brigands that are attacking your supply lines . '' 
 cett paused , glancing at the map . 
 then he began to pull at his beard thoughtfully . 
 `` well , you 're back , '' he finally said . 
 `` guess we 'll have to take care of you . 
 i suppose you want someone to carry a litter for you as we head home ... '' `` actually , '' allrianne said , `` we 're not going back to the dominance . 
 we 're returning to luthadel . '' 
 cett did n't immediately dismiss the comment ; he could usually tell when she was being serious . 
 instead , he simply shook his head . 
 `` luthadel holds nothing for us , allrianne . '' 
 `` we ca n't go back to the dominance , either , '' allrianne said . 
 `` our enemies are too strong , and some of them have allomancers . 
 that 's why we had to come here in the first place . 
 we ca n't leave the area until we have either money or allies . '' 
 `` there 's no money in luthadel , '' cett said . 
 `` i believe venture when he says the atium is n't there . '' 
 `` i agree , '' allrianne said . 
 `` i searched that palace well , never found a bit of the stuff . 
 that means we need to leave here with friends , instead of money . 
 go back , wait for a battle to start , then help whichever side looks like it 's going to win . 
 they 'll feel indebted to us-they might even decide to let us live . '' 
 cett stood quietly for a moment . 
 `` that 's not going to help save your friend breeze , allrianne . 
 his faction is by far the weakest-even teaming with the venture boy , i doubt we could beat straff or those koloss . 
 not without access to the city walls and plenty of time to prepare . 
 if we go back , it will be to help your breeze 's enemies . '' 
 allrianne shrugged . 
 you ca n't help him if you 're not there , father , she thought . 
 they 're going to lose anyway-if you are in the area , then there 's a chance you 'll end up helping luthadel . 
 a very small chance , breeze . 
 that 's the best i can give you . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 elend venture awoke on their third day out of luthadel , surprised at how rested he could feel after a night spent in a tent out in the wilderness . 
 of course , part of that might have been the company . 
 vin lay curled up beside him in their bedroll , her head resting against his chest . 
 he would have expected her to be a light sleeper , considering how jumpy she was , but she seemed to feel comfortable sleeping beside him . 
 she even seemed to become just a little less anxious when he put his arms around her . 
 he looked down at her fondly , admiring the form of her face , the slight curl of her black hair . 
 the cut on her cheek was almost invisible now , and she 'd already pulled out the stitches . 
 a constant , low burn of pewter gave the body remarkable strength for recovery . 
 she did n't even favor her right arm anymore-despite the cut shoulder-and her weakness from the fight seemed completely gone . 
 she still had n't given him much of an explanation regarding that night . 
 she had fought zane-who had apparently been elend 's half brother-and tensoon the kandra had left . 
 yet , neither of those things seemed like they could have caused the distress in her he 'd sensed when she 'd come to him in his rooms . 
 he did n't know if he 'd ever get the answers he wanted . 
 yet , he was coming to realize that he could love her even if he did n't completely understand her . 
 he bent down and kissed the top of her head . 
 she immediately tensed , eyes opening . 
 she sat up , exposing a bare torso , then glanced around their small tent . 
 it was dimly lit with the light of dawn . 
 finally , she shook her head , looking over at him . 
 `` you 're a bad influence on me . '' 
 `` oh ? '' 
 he asked , smiling as he rested on one arm . 
 vin nodded , running a hand through her hair . 
 `` you 're making me get used to sleeping at night , '' she said . 
 `` plus , i do n't sleep in my clothing anymore . '' 
 `` if you did , it would make things a little awkward . '' 
 `` yes , '' she said , `` but what if we get attacked during the night ? 
 i 'd have to fight them nak * d. '' `` i would n't mind watching that . '' 
 she gave him a flat stare , then reached for a shirt . 
 `` you 're having a bad influence on me , too , you know , '' he said as he watched her dress . 
 she raised an eyebrow . 
 `` you 're making me relax , '' he said . 
 `` and letting me stop worrying . 
 i 've been so tied up with things in the city lately that i 'd forgotten what it was like to be an impolite recluse . 
 unfortunately , during our trip , i 've had time to read not only one , but all three volumes of troubeld 's arts of scholarship . '' 
 vin snorted , kneeling in the low tent as she pulled her belt tight ; then she crawled over to him . 
 `` i do n't know how you read while riding , '' she said . 
 `` oh , it 's quite easy-if you are n't afraid of horses . '' 
 `` i 'm not afraid of them , '' vin said . 
 `` they just do n't like me . 
 they know i can outrun them , and that makes them surly . '' 
 `` oh , is that it ? '' 
 elend asked , smiling , pulling her over to straddle him . 
 she nodded , then leaned down to kiss him . 
 she ended it after a moment , however , moving to stand . 
 she swatted his hand away as he tried to pull her back down . 
 `` after all the trouble i took to get dressed ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` besides . 
 i 'm hungry . '' 
 he sighed , reclining back as she scampered out of the tent , into the red morning sunlight . 
 he lay for a moment , quietly remarking to himself on his fortune . 
 he still was n't sure how their relationship had worked out , or even why it made him so happy , but he was more than willing to enjoy the experience . 
 eventually , he looked over at his clothing . 
 he had brought only one of his nice uniforms-along with the riding uniform-and he did n't want to wear either too often . 
 he did n't have servants anymore to wash the ash out of his clothing ; in fact , despite the tent 's double flap , some ash had managed to work its way inside during the night . 
 now that they were out of the city , there were no workers to sweep the ash away , and it was getting everywhere . 
 so , he dressed in an outfit far more simple : a pair of riding trousers , not unlike the pants that vin often wore , with a buttoning gray shirt and a dark jacket . 
 he 'd never been forced to ride long distances before-carriages were generally preferred-but vin and he were taking the trip relatively slowly . 
 they had no real urgency . 
 straff 's scouts had n't followed them for long , and nobody was expecting them at their destination . 
 they had time to ride leisurely , taking breaks , occasionally walking so that they would n't get too sore from riding . 
 outside , he found vin stirring up the morning fire and spook caring for the horses . 
 the young man had done some extensive traveling , and he knew how to tend horses-something that elend was embarrassed to have never learned . 
 elend joined vin at the firepit . 
 they sat for a few moments , vin poking at the coals . 
 she looked pensive . 
 `` what ? '' 
 elend asked . 
 she glanced southward . 
 `` i. . . '' 
 then she shook her head . 
 `` it 's nothing . 
 we 're going to need more wood . '' 
 she glanced to the side , toward where their axe lay beside the tent . 
 the weapon flipped up into the air , shooting toward her blade-first . 
 she stepped to the side , snatching the handle as it passed between her and elend . 
 then she stalked over to a fallen tree . 
 she took two swings at it , then easily kicked it down and broke it in two . 
 `` she has a way of making the rest of us feel a little redundant , does n't she ? '' 
 spook asked , stepping up beside elend . 
 `` at times , '' elend said with a smile . 
 spook shook his head . 
 `` whatever i see or hear , she can sense better-and she can fight whatever it is that she finds . 
 every time i come back to luthadel , i just feel ... useless . '' 
 `` imagine being a regular person , '' elend said . 
 `` at least you 're an allomancer . '' 
 `` maybe , '' spook said , the sound of vin chopping coming from the side . 
 `` but people respect you , el . 
 they just dismiss me . '' 
 `` i do n't dismiss you , spook . '' 
 `` oh ? '' 
 the young man asked . 
 `` when 's the last time i did anything important for the crew ? '' 
 `` three days ago , '' elend said . 
 `` when you agreed to come with vin and me . 
 you 're not just here to tend horses , spook-you 're here because of your skills as a scout and a tineye . 
 do you still think we 're being followed ? '' 
 spook paused , then shrugged . 
 `` i ca n't be sure . 
 i think straff 's scouts turned back , but i keep catching sight of someone back there . 
 i never get a good glimpse of them , though . '' 
 `` it 's the mist spirit , '' vin said , walking by and dumping an armload of wood beside the firepit . 
 `` it 's chasing us . '' 
 spook and elend shared a look . 
 then elend nodded , refusing to act on spook 's uncomfortable stare . 
 `` well , as long as it stays out of our way , it 's not a problem , right ? '' 
 vin shrugged . 
 `` i hope not . 
 if you see it , though , call for me . 
 the records say it can be dangerous . '' 
 `` all right , '' elend said . 
 `` we 'll do that . 
 now , let 's decide what to have for breakfast . '' 
 straff woke up . 
 that was his first surprise . 
 he lay in bed , inside his tent , feeling like someone had picked him up and slammed him against the wall a few times . 
 he groaned , sitting up . 
 his body was free from bruises , but he ached , and his head was pounding . 
 one of the army healers , a young man with a full beard and bulging eyes , sat beside his bed . 
 the man studied straff for a moment . 
 `` you , my lord , should be dead , '' the young man said . 
 `` i 'm not , '' straff said , sitting up . 
 `` give me some tin . '' 
 a soldier approached with a metal vial . 
 straff downed it , then scowled at how dry and sore his throat was . 
 he burned the tin only lightly ; it made his wounds feel worse , but he had come to depend on the slight edge the enhanced senses gave him . 
 `` how long ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` better part of three days , my lord , '' the healer said . 
 `` we ... were n't sure what you 'd eaten , or why . 
 we thought about trying to get you to vomit , but it appeared that you 'd taken the draught of your own choice , so ... '' `` you did well , '' straff said , holding his arm up in front of him . 
 it still shook a bit , and he could n't make it stop . 
 `` who is in charge of the army ? '' 
 `` general janarle , '' the healer said . 
 straff nodded . 
 `` why has n't he had me killed ? '' 
 the healer blinked in surprise , glancing at the soldiers . 
 `` my lord , '' said grent the soldier , `` who would dare betray you ? 
 any man who tried would end up dead in his tent . 
 general janarle was most worried about your safety . '' 
 of course , straff realized with shock . 
 they do n't know that zane is gone . 
 why ... if i did die , then everyone assumes that zane would either take control himself , or get revenge on those he thought responsible . 
 straff laughed out loud , shocking those watching over him . 
 zane had tried to kill him , but had accidentally saved his life by sheer force of reputation . 
 i beat you , straff realized . 
 you 're gone , and i 'm alive . 
 that did n't , of course , mean that zane would n't return-but , then again , he might not . 
 perhaps ... just maybe ... straff was rid of him forever . 
 `` elend 's mistborn , '' straff said suddenly . 
 `` we followed her for a while , my lord , '' grent said . 
 `` but , they got too far from the army , and lord janarle ordered the scouts back . 
 it appears she 's making for terris . '' 
 he frowned . 
 `` who else was with her ? '' 
 `` we think your son elend escaped as well , '' the soldier said . 
 `` but it could have been a decoy . '' 
 zane did it , straff thought with shock . 
 he actually got rid of her . 
 unless it 's a trick of some sort . 
 but , then ... `` the koloss army ? '' 
 straff asked . 
 `` there 's been a lot of fighting in its ranks lately , sir , '' grent said . 
 `` the beasts seem more restless . '' 
 `` order our army to break camp , '' straff said . 
 `` immediately . 
 we 're retreating back toward the northern dominance . '' 
 `` my lord ? '' 
 grent said with shock . 
 `` i think lord janarle is planning an assault , waiting only for your word . 
 the city is weak , and their mistborn is gone . '' 
 `` we 're pulling back , '' straff said , smiling . 
 `` for a while , at least . '' 
 let 's see if this plan of yours works , zane . 
 sazed sat in a small kitchen alcove , hands on the table before him , a metallic ring glittering on each finger . 
 they were small , for metalminds , but storing up feruchemical attributes took time . 
 it would take weeks to fill even a ring 's worth of metal-and he barely had days . 
 in fact , sazed was surprised the koloss had waited so long . 
 three days . 
 not much time at all , but he suspected he would need every available edge in the approaching conflict . 
 so far he 'd been able to store up a small amount of each attribute . 
 enough for a boost in an emergency , once his other metalminds ran out . 
 clubs hobbled into the kitchen . 
 he seemed a blur to sazed . 
 even wearing his spectacles-to help compensate for the vision he was storing in a tinmind-it was difficult for him to see . 
 `` that 's it , '' clubs said , his voice muffled-another tinmind was taking sazed 's hearing . 
 `` they 're finally gone . '' 
 sazed paused for a moment , trying to decipher the comment . 
 his thoughts moved as if through a thick , turgid soup , and it took him a moment to understand what clubs had said . 
 they 're gone . 
 straff 's troops . 
 they 've withdrawn . 
 he coughed quietly before replying . 
 `` did he ever respond to any of lord penrod 's messages ? '' 
 `` no , '' clubs said . 
 `` but he did execute the last messenger . '' 
 well , that is n't a very good sign , sazed thought slowly . 
 of course , there had n't been very many good signs over the last few days . 
 the city was on the edge of starvation , and their brief respite of warmth was over . 
 it would snow this evening , if sazed guessed right . 
 that made him feel even more guilty to be sitting in the kitchen nook , beside a warm hearth , sipping broth as his metalminds sapped his strength , health , senses , and power of thought . 
 he had rarely tried to fill so many at once . 
 `` you do n't look so good , '' clubs noted , sitting . 
 sazed blinked , thinking through the comment . 
 `` my ... goldmind , '' he said slowly . 
 `` it draws my health , storing it up . '' 
 he glanced at his bowl of broth . 
 `` i must eat to maintain my strength , '' he said , mentally preparing himself to take a sip . 
 it was an odd process . 
 his thoughts moved so slowly that it took him a moment to decide to eat . 
 then his body reacted slowly , the arm taking a few seconds to move . 
 even then , the muscles quivered , their strength sapped away and stored in his pewtermind . 
 finally , he was able to get a spoonful to his lips and take a quiet sip . 
 it tasted bland ; he was filling scent as well , and without it , his sense of taste was severely hampered . 
 he should probably be lying down-but if he did that , he was liable to sleep . 
 and , while sleeping , he could n't fill metalminds-or , at least , he could fill only one . 
 a bronzemind , the metal that stored wakefulness , would force him to sleep longer in exchange for letting him go longer without sleep on another occasion . 
 sazed sighed , carefully setting down his spoon , then coughing . 
 he 'd done his best to help avert the conflict . 
 his best plan had been to send a letter to lord penrod , urging him to inform straff venture that vin was gone from the city . 
 he had hoped that straff would then be willing to make a deal . 
 apparently , that tactic had been unsuccessful . 
 nobody had heard from straff in days . 
 their doom approached like the inevitable sunrise . 
 penrod had allowed three separate groups of townspeople-one of them composed of nobility-to try to flee luthadel . 
 straff 's soldiers , more wary after elend 's escape , had caught and slaughtered each group . 
 penrod had even sent a messenger to lord jastes lekal , hoping to strike some deal with the southern leader , but the messenger had not returned from the koloss camp . 
 `` well , '' clubs said , `` at least we kept them off for a few days . '' 
 sazed thought for a moment . 
 `` it was simply a delay of the inevitable , i fear . '' 
 `` of course it was , '' clubs said . 
 `` but it was an important delay . 
 elend and vin will be almost four days away by now . 
 if the fighting had started too soon , you can bet that little miss mistborn would have come back and gotten herself killed trying to save us . '' 
 `` ah , '' sazed said slowly , forcing himself to reach for another spoonful of broth . 
 the spoon was a dull weight in his numb fingers ; his sense of touch , of course , was being siphoned into a tinmind . 
 `` how are the city defenses coming ? '' 
 he asked as he struggled with the spoon . 
 `` terribly , '' clubs said . 
 `` twenty thousand troops may sound like a lot-but try stringing them out through a city this big . '' 
 `` but the koloss wo n't have any siege equipment , '' sazed said , focused on his spoon . 
 `` or archers . '' 
 `` yes , '' clubs said . 
 `` but we have eight city gates to protect-and any of five are within quick reach of the koloss . 
 none of those gates was built to withstand an attack . 
 and , as it stands , i can barely post a couple thousand guards at each gate , since i really do n't know which way the koloss will come first . '' 
 `` oh , '' sazed said quietly . 
 `` what did you expect , terrisman ? '' 
 clubs asked . 
 `` good news ? 
 the koloss are bigger , stronger , and far crazier than we are . 
 and they have an advantage in numbers . '' 
 sazed closed his eyes , quivering spoon held halfway to his lips . 
 he suddenly felt a weakness unrelated to his metalminds . 
 why did n't she go with them ? 
 why did n't she escape ? 
 as sazed opened his eyes , he saw clubs waving for a servant to bring him something to eat . 
 the young girl returned with a bowl of soup . 
 clubs eyed it with dissatisfaction for a moment , but then lifted a knotted hand and began to slurp . 
 he shot a glance at sazed . 
 `` you expecting an apology out of me , terrisman ? '' 
 he asked between spoonfuls . 
 sazed sat shocked for a moment . 
 `` not at all , lord cladent , '' he finally said . 
 `` good , '' clubs said . 
 `` you 're a decent enough person . 
 you 're just confused . '' 
 sazed sipped his soup , smiling . 
 `` that is comforting to hear . 
 i think . '' 
 he thought for a moment . 
 `` lord cladent . 
 i have a religion for you . '' 
 clubs frowned . 
 `` you do n't give up , do you ? '' 
 sazed looked down . 
 it took him a moment to gather together what he 'd been thinking about before . 
 `` what you said earlier , lord cladent . 
 about situational morality . 
 it made me think of a faith , known as dadradah . 
 its practitioners spanned many countries and peoples ; they believed that there was only one god , and that there was only one right way to worship . '' 
 clubs snorted . 
 `` i 'm really not interested in one of your dead religions , terrisman . 
 i think that - '' `` they were artists , '' sazed said quietly . 
 clubs hesitated . 
 `` they thought art drew one closer to god , '' sazed said . 
 `` they were most interested in color and hue , and they were fond of writing poetry describing the colors they saw in the world around them . '' 
 clubs was silent . 
 `` why preach this religion to me ? '' 
 he demanded . 
 `` why not pick one that is blunt , like i am ? 
 or one that worshipped warfare and soldiers ? '' 
 `` because , lord cladent , '' sazed said . 
 he blinked , recalling memories with effort through his muddled mind . 
 `` that is not you . 
 it is what you must do , but it is not you . 
 the others forget , i think , that you were a woodworker . 
 an artist . 
 when we lived in your shop , i often saw you , putting the finishing touches on pieces your apprentices had carved . 
 i saw the care you used . 
 that shop was no simple front for you . 
 you miss it , i know . '' 
 clubs did n't respond . 
 `` you must live as a soldier , '' sazed said , pulling something from his sash with a weak hand . 
 `` but you can still dream like an artist . 
 here . 
 i had this made for you . 
 it is a symbol of the dadradah faith . 
 to its people , being an artist was a higher calling , even , than being a priest . '' 
 he set the wooden disk on the table . 
 then , with effort , he smiled at clubs . 
 it had been a long time since he had preached a religion , and he was n't certain what had made him decide to offer this one to clubs . 
 perhaps it was to prove to himself that there was value in them . 
 perhaps it was stubbornness , reacting against the things clubs had said earlier . 
 either way , he found satisfaction in the way that clubs stared at the simple wooden disk with the carved picture of a brush on it . 
 the last time i preached a religion , he thought , i was in that village to the south , the one where marsh found me . 
 whatever happened to him , anyway ? 
 why did n't he return to the city ? 
 `` your woman has been looking for you , '' clubs finally said , looking up , leaving the disk on the table . 
 `` my woman ? '' 
 sazed said . 
 `` why , we are not ... '' he trailed off as clubs eyed him . 
 the surly general was quite proficient at meaningful looks . 
 `` very well , '' sazed said , sighing . 
 he glanced down at his fingers and the ten glittering rings they bore . 
 four were tin : sight , hearing , scent , and touch . 
 he continued to fill these ; they would n't handicap him much . 
 he released his pewtermind , however , as well as his steelmind and his zincmind . 
 immediately , strength refilled his body . 
 his muscles stopped sagging , reverting from emaciated to healthy . 
 the fuzz lifted from his mind , allowing him to think clearly , and the thick , swollen slowness evaporated . 
 he stood , invigorated . 
 `` that 's fascinating , '' clubs mumbled . 
 sazed looked down . 
 `` i could see the change , '' clubs said . 
 `` your body grew stronger , and your eyes focused . 
 your arms stopped shaking . 
 i guess you do n't want to face that woman without all of your faculties , eh ? 
 i do n't blame you . '' 
 clubs grunted to himself , then continued to eat . 
 sazed bid farewell to the man , then strode out of the kitchen . 
 his feet and hands still seemed like nearly unfeeling lumps . 
 yet , he felt an energy . 
 there was nothing like simple contrast to awaken a man 's sense of indomitability . 
 and there was nothing that could sap that sensation more quickly than the prospect of meeting with the woman he loved . 
 why had tindwyl stayed ? 
 and , if she was determined not to go back to terris , why had she avoided him these last few days ? 
 was she mad that he had sent elend away ? 
 was she disappointed that he insisted on staying to help ? 
 he found her inside keep venture 's grand ballroom . 
 he paused for a moment , impressed-as always-by the room 's unquestionable majesty . 
 he released his sight tinmind for just a moment , removing his spectacles as he looked around the awesome space . 
 enormous , rectangular stained-glass windows reached to the ceiling along both walls of the huge room . 
 standing at the side , sazed was dwarfed by massive pillars that supported a small gallery that ran beneath the windows on either side of the chamber . 
 every bit of stone in the room seemed carved-every tile a part of one mosaic or another , every bit of glass colored to sparkle in the early-evening sunlight . 
 it 's been so long ... he thought . 
 the first time he 'd seen this chamber , he had been escorting vin to her first ball . 
 it was then , while playing the part of valette renoux , she had met elend . 
 sazed had chastised her for carelessly attracting the attention of so powerful a man . 
 and now he himself had performed their marriage . 
 he smiled , replacing his spectacles and filling his eyesight tinmind again . 
 may the forgotten gods watch over you , children . 
 make something of our sacrifice , if you can . 
 tindwyl stood speaking with dockson and a small group of functionaries at the center of the room . 
 they were crowded around a large table , and as sazed approached , he could see what was spread atop it . 
 marsh 's map , he thought . 
 it was an extensive and detailed representation of luthadel , complete with notations about ministry activity . 
 sazed had a visual image of the map , as well as a detailed description of it , in one of his copperminds-and he had sent a physical copy to the synod . 
 tindwyl and the others had covered the large map with their own notations . 
 sazed approached slowly , and as soon as tindwyl saw him , she waved for him to approach . 
 `` ah , sazed , '' dockson said in a businesslike tone , voice muddled to sazed 's weak ears . 
 `` good . 
 please , come here . '' 
 sazed stepped up onto the low dance floor , joining them at the table . 
 `` troop placements ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` penrod has taken command of our armies , '' dockson said . 
 `` and he 's put noblemen in charge of all twenty battalions . 
 we 're not certain we like that situation . '' 
 sazed looked over the men at the table . 
 they were a group of scribes that dockson himself had trained-all skaa . 
 gods ! 
 sazed thought . 
 he ca n't be planning a rebellion now of all times , can he ? 
 `` do n't look so frightened , sazed , '' dockson said . 
 `` we 're not going to do anything too drastic-penrod is still letting clubs organize the city defenses , and he seems to be taking advice from his military commanders . 
 besides , it 's far too late to try something too ambitious . '' 
 dockson almost seemed disappointed . 
 `` however , '' dockson said , pointing at the map , `` i do n't trust these commanders he 's put in charge . 
 they do n't know anything about warfare-or even about survival . 
 they 've spent their lives ordering drinks and throwing parties . '' 
 why do you hate them so ? 
 sazed thought . 
 ironically , dockson was the one in the crew who looked most like a nobleman . 
 he was more natural in a suit than breeze , more articulate than clubs or spook . 
 only his insistence on wearing a very unaristocratic half beard made him stand out . 
 `` the nobility may not know warfare , '' sazed said , `` but they are experienced with command , i think . '' 
 `` true , '' dockson said . 
 `` but so are we . 
 that 's why i want one of our people near each gate , just in case things go poorly and someone really competent needs to take command . '' 
 dockson pointed at the table , toward one of the gates-steel gate . 
 it bore a notation of a thousand men in a defensive formation . 
 `` this is your battalion , sazed . 
 steel gate is the farthest the koloss are likely to reach , and so you might not even see any fighting . 
 however , when the battle begins , i want you there with a group of messengers to bring word back to keep venture in case your gate gets attacked . 
 we 'll set up a command post here in the main ballroom-it 's easily accessible with those broad doors , and can accommodate a lot of motion . '' 
 and it was a not-so-subtle smack in the face of elend venture , and nobility in general , to use such a beautiful chamber as a setting from which to run a war . 
 no wonder he supported me in sending elend and vin away . 
 with them gone , he 's gained undisputed control of kelsier 's crew . 
 it was n't a bad thing . 
 dockson was an organizational genius and a master of quick planning . 
 he did have certain prejudices , however . 
 `` i know you do n't like to fight , saze , '' dockson said , leaning down on the table with both hands . 
 `` but we need you . '' 
 `` i think he is preparing for battle , lord dockson , '' tindwyl said , eyeing sazed . 
 `` those rings on his fingers give good indication of his intentions . '' 
 sazed glanced across the table at her . 
 `` and what is your place in this , tindwyl ? '' 
 `` lord dockson came to me for advice , '' tindwyl said . 
 `` he has little experience with warfare himself , and wished to know the things i have studied about the generals of the past . '' 
 `` ah , '' sazed said . 
 he turned to dockson , frowning in thought . 
 eventually , he nodded . 
 `` very well . 
 i will take part in your project-but , i must warn you against divisiveness . 
 please , tell your men not to break the chain of command unless they absolutely must . '' 
 dockson nodded . 
 `` now , lady tindwyl , '' sazed said . 
 `` might we speak for a moment in private ? '' 
 she nodded , and they excused themselves , walking under the nearest overhanging gallery . 
 in the shadows , behind one of the pillars , sazed turned toward tindwyl . 
 she looked so pristine-so poised , so calm-despite the dire situation . 
 how did she do that ? 
 `` you 're storing quite a large number of attributes , sazed , '' tindwyl noted , glancing at his fingers again . 
 `` surely you have other metalminds prepared from before ? '' 
 `` i used all of my wakefulness and speed making my way to luthadel , '' sazed said . 
 `` and i have no health stored at all-i used up the last of it overcoming a sickness when i was teaching in the south . 
 i always intended to fill another one , but we 've been too busy . 
 i do have some large amount of strength and weight stored , as well as a good selection of tinminds . 
 still , one can never be too well prepared , i think . '' 
 `` perhaps , '' tindwyl said . 
 she glanced back at the group around the table . 
 `` if it gives us something to do other than think about the inevitable , then preparation has not been wasted , i think . '' 
 sazed felt a chill . 
 `` tindwyl , '' he said quietly . 
 `` why did you stay ? 
 there is no place for you here . '' 
 `` there is no place for you either , sazed . '' 
 `` these are my friends , '' he said . 
 `` i will not leave them . '' 
 `` then why did you convince their leaders to leave ? '' 
 `` to flee and live , '' sazed said . 
 `` survival is not a luxury often afforded to leaders , '' tindwyl said . 
 `` when they accept the devotion of others , they must accept the responsibility that comes with it . 
 this people will die-but they need not die feeling betrayed . '' 
 `` they were not - '' `` they expect to be saved , sazed , '' tindwyl hissed quietly . 
 `` even those men over there-even dockson , the most practical one in this bunch-think that they 'll survive . 
 and do you know why ? 
 because , deep down , they believe that something will save them . 
 something that saved them before , the only piece of the survivor they have left . 
 she represents hope to them now . 
 and you sent her away . '' 
 `` to live , tindwyl , '' sazed repeated . 
 `` it would have been a waste to lose vin and elend here . '' 
 `` hope is never wasted , '' tindwyl said , eyes flashing . 
 `` i thought you of all people would understand that . 
 you think it was stubbornness that kept me alive all those years in the hands of the breeders ? '' 
 `` and is it stubbornness or hope that kept you here , in the city ? '' 
 he asked . 
 she looked up at him . 
 `` neither . '' 
 sazed looked at her for a long moment in the shadowed alcove . 
 planners talked in the ballroom , their voices echoing . 
 shards of light from the windows reflected off the marble floors , throwing slivers of illumination across the walls . 
 slowly , awkwardly , sazed put his arms around tindwyl . 
 she sighed , letting him hold her . 
 he released his tinminds and let his senses return in a flood . 
 softness from her skin and warmth from her body washed across him as she moved farther into the embrace , resting her head against his chest . 
 the scent of her hair-unperfumed , but clean and crisp-filled his nose , the first thing he 'd smelled in three days . 
 with a clumsy hand , sazed pulled free his spectacles so he could see her clearly . 
 as sounds returned fully to his ears , he could hear tindwyl breathing beside him . 
 `` do you know why i love you , sazed ? '' 
 she asked quietly . 
 `` i can not fathom , '' he answered honestly . 
 `` because you never give in , '' she said . 
 `` other men are strong like bricks-firm , unyielding , but if you pound on them long enough , they crack . 
 you ... you 're strong like the wind . 
 always there , so willing to bend , but never apologetic for the times when you must be firm . 
 i do n't think any of your friends understand what a power they had in you . '' 
 had , he thought . 
 she already thinks of all this in the past tense . 
 and ... it feels right for her to do so . 
 `` i fear that whatever i have wo n't be enough to save them , '' sazed whispered . 
 `` it was enough to save three of them , though , '' tindwyl said . 
 `` you were wrong to send them away ... but maybe you were right , too . '' 
 sazed just closed his eyes and held her , cursing her for staying , yet loving her for it all the same . 
 at that moment , the wall-top warning drums began to beat . 
 and so , i have made one final gamble . 
 51 the misty red light of morning was a thing that should not have existed . 
 mist died before daylight . 
 heat made it evaporate ; even locking it inside of a closed room made it condense and disappear . 
 it should n't have been able to withstand the light of the rising sun . 
 yet it did . 
 the farther they 'd gotten from luthadel , the longer the mists lingered in the mornings . 
 the change was slight-they were still only a few days ' ride from luthadel-but vin knew . 
 she saw the difference . 
 this morning , the mists seemed even stronger than she 'd anticipated-they did n't even weaken as the sun came up . 
 they obscured its light . 
 mist , she thought . 
 deepness . 
 she was increasingly sure that she was right about it , though she could n't know for certain . 
 still , it felt right to her for some reason . 
 the deepness had n't been some monster or tyrant , but a force more natural-and therefore more frightening . 
 a creature could be killed . 
 the mists ... they were far more daunting . 
 the deepness would n't oppress with priests , but use the people 's own superstitious terror . 
 it would n't slaughter with armies , but with starvation . 
 how did one fight something larger than a continent ? 
 a thing that could n't feel anger , pain , hope , or mercy ? 
 yet , it was vin 's task to do just that . 
 she sat quietly on a large boulder beside the night 's firepit , her legs up , knees to her chest . 
 elend still slept ; spook was out scouting . 
 she did n't question her place any longer . 
 she was either mad or she was the hero of ages . 
 it was her task to defeat the mists . 
 yet ... she thought , frowning . 
 should n't the thumpings be getting louder , not softer ? 
 the longer they traveled , the weaker the thumpings seemed . 
 was she too late ? 
 was something happening at the well to dampen its power ? 
 had someone else already taken it ? 
 we have to keep moving . 
 another person in her place might have asked why he had been chosen . 
 vin had known several men-both in camon 's crew and in elend 's government-who would complain every time they were given an assignment . 
 `` why me ? '' 
 they would ask . 
 the insecure ones did n't think they were up to the task . 
 the lazy ones wanted out of the work . 
 vin did n't consider herself to be either self-assured or self-motivated . 
 still , she saw no point in asking why . 
 life had taught her that sometimes things simply happened . 
 often , there had n't been any specific reason for reen to beat her . 
 and , reasons were weak comforts , anyway . 
 the reasons that kelsier had needed to die were clear to her , but that did n't make her miss him any less . 
 she had a job to do . 
 the fact that she did n't understand it did n't stop her from acknowledging that she had to try to accomplish it . 
 she simply hoped that she 'd know what to do when the time came . 
 though the thumpings were weaker , they were still there . 
 they drew her forward . 
 to the well of ascension . 
 behind her , she could feel the lesser vibration of the mist spirit . 
 it never disappeared until the mists themselves did . 
 it had been there all morning , standing just behind her . 
 `` do you know the secret to this all ? '' 
 she asked quietly , turning toward the spirit in the reddish mists . 
 `` do you have - '' the allomantic pulse of the mist spirit was coming from directly inside the tent she shared with elend . 
 vin jumped off the rock , landing on the frosted ground and scrambling to the tent . 
 she threw open the flaps . 
 elend slept inside , head just barely visible as it poked out of the blankets . 
 mist filled the small tent , swirling , twisting-and that was odd enough . 
 mist did n't usually enter tents . 
 and there , in the middle of the mists , was the spirit . 
 standing directly above elend . 
 it was n't even really there . 
 it was just an outline in the mists , a repeating pattern caused by chaotic movements . 
 and yet it was real . 
 she could feel it , and she could see it-see it as it looked up , meeting her gaze with invisible eyes . 
 hateful eyes . 
 it raised an insubstantial arm , and vin saw something flash . 
 she reacted immediately , whipping out a dagger , bursting into the tent and swinging . 
 her blow met something tangible in the mist spirit 's hand . 
 a metallic sound rang in the calm air , and vin felt a powerful , numbing chill in her arm . 
 the hairs across her entire body prickled . 
 and then it disappeared . 
 fading away , like the ringing of its somehow substantial blade . 
 vin blinked , then turned to look through the blowing tent flap . 
 the mists outside were gone ; day had finally won . 
 it did n't seem to have many victories remaining . 
 `` vin ? '' 
 elend asked , yawning and stirring . 
 vin calmed her breathing . 
 the spirit had gone . 
 the daylight meant safety , for now . 
 once , it was the nights that i found safe , she thought . 
 kelsier gave them to me . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 elend asked . 
 how could someone , even a nobleman , be so slow to rise , so unconcerned about the vulnerability he displayed while sleeping ? 
 she sheathed her dagger . 
 what can i tell him ? 
 how can i protect him from something i can barely see ? 
 she needed to think . 
 `` it was nothing , '' she said quietly . 
 `` just me ... being jumpy again . '' 
 elend rolled over , sighing contentedly . 
 `` is spook doing his morning scout ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` wake me when he gets back . '' 
 vin nodded , but he probably could n't see her . 
 she knelt , looking at him as the sun rose behind her . 
 she 'd given herself to him-not just her body , and not just her heart . 
 she 'd abandoned her rationalizations , given away her reservations , all for him . 
 she could no longer afford to think that she was n't worthy of him , no longer give herself the false comfort of believing they could n't ever be together . 
 she 'd never trusted anyone this much . 
 not kelsier , not sazed , not reen . 
 elend had everything . 
 that knowledge made her tremble inside . 
 if she lost him , she would lose herself . 
 i must n't think about that ! 
 she told herself , rising . 
 she left the tent , quietly closing the flaps behind her . 
 in the distance , shadows moved . 
 spook appeared a moment later . 
 `` someone 's definitely back there , '' he said quietly . 
 `` not spirits , vin . 
 five men , with a camp . '' 
 vin frowned . 
 `` following us ? '' 
 `` they must be . '' 
 straff 's scouts , she thought . 
 `` we 'll let elend decide what to do about them . '' 
 spook shrugged , walking over to sit on her rock . 
 `` you going to wake him ? '' 
 vin turned back . 
 `` let him sleep a little longer . '' 
 spook shrugged again . 
 he watched as she walked over to the firepit and unwrapped the wood they 'd covered the night before , then began to build a fire . 
 `` you 've changed , vin , '' spook said . 
 she continued to work . 
 `` everyone changes , '' she said . 
 `` i 'm not a thief anymore , and i have friends to support me . '' 
 `` i do n't mean that , '' spook said . 
 `` i mean recently . 
 this last week . 
 you 're different than you were . '' 
 `` different how ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 you do n't seem as frightened all the time . '' 
 vin paused . 
 `` i 've made some decisions . 
 about who i am , and who i will be . 
 about what i want . '' 
 she worked quietly for a moment , and finally got a spark to catch . 
 `` i 'm tired of putting up with foolishness , '' she finally said . 
 `` other people 's foolishness , and my own . 
 i 've decided to act , rather than second-guess . 
 perhaps it 's a more immature way of looking at things . 
 but it feels right , for now . '' 
 `` it 's not immature , '' spook said . 
 vin smiled , looking up at him . 
 sixteen and hardly grown into his body , he was the same age that she 'd been when kelsier had recruited her . 
 he was squinting against the light , even though the sun was low . 
 `` lower your tin , '' vin said . 
 `` no need to keep it on so strong . '' 
 spook shrugged . 
 she could see the uncertainty in him . 
 he wanted so badly to be useful . 
 she knew that feeling . 
 `` what about you , spook ? '' 
 she said , turning to gather the breakfast supplies . 
 broth and mealcakes again . 
 `` how have you been lately ? '' 
 he shrugged yet again . 
 i 'd almost forgotten what it was like to try and have a conversation with a teenage boy , she thought , smiling . 
 `` spook ... '' she said , just testing out the name . 
 `` what do you think of that nickname , anyway ? 
 i remember when everyone called you by your real name . '' 
 lestibournes-vin had tried to spell it once . 
 she 'd gotten about five letters in . 
 `` kelsier gave me my name , '' spook said , as if that were reason enough to keep it . 
 and perhaps it was . 
 vin saw the look in spook 's eyes when he mentioned kelsier ; clubs might be spook 's uncle , but kelsier had been the one he looked up to . 
 of course , they all had looked up to kelsier . 
 `` i wish i were powerful , vin , '' spook said quietly , arms folded on his knees as he sat on the rock . 
 `` like you . '' 
 `` you have your own skills . '' 
 `` tin ? '' 
 spook asked . 
 `` almost worthless . 
 if i were mistborn , i could do great things . 
 be someone important . '' 
 `` being important is n't all that wonderful , spook , '' vin said , listening to the thumpings in her head . 
 `` most of the time , it 's just annoying . '' 
 spook shook his head . 
 `` if i were mistborn , i could save people-help people , who need it . 
 i could stop people from dying . 
 but ... i 'm just spook . 
 weak . 
 a coward . '' 
 vin looked at him , frowning , but his head was bowed , and he would n't meet her eyes . 
 what was that about ? 
 she wondered . 
 sazed used a bit of strength to help him take the steps three at a time . 
 he burst out of the stairwell just behind tindwyl , the two of them joining the remaining members of the crew on the wall top . 
 the drums still sounded ; each had a different rhythm as it sounded over the city . 
 the mixing beats echoed chaotically from buildings and alleyways . 
 the northern horizon seemed bare without straff 's army . 
 if only that same emptiness had extended to the northeast , where the koloss camp seemed in turmoil . 
 `` can anyone make out what 's going on ? '' 
 breeze asked . 
 ham shook his head . 
 `` too far . '' 
 `` one of my scouts is a tineye , '' clubs said , hobbling over . 
 `` he raised the alarm . 
 said the koloss were fighting . '' 
 `` my good man , '' breeze said , `` are n't the foul creatures always fighting ? '' 
 `` more than usual , '' clubs said . 
 `` massive brawl . '' 
 sazed felt a swift glimmer of hope . 
 `` they 're fighting ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` perhaps they will kill each other ! '' 
 clubs eyed him with one of those looks . 
 `` read one of your books , terrisman . 
 what do they say about koloss emotions ? '' 
 `` they only have two , '' sazed said . 
 `` boredom and rage . 
 but - '' `` this is how they always begin a battle , '' tindwyl said quietly . 
 `` they start to fight among themselves , enraging more and more of their members , and then ... '' she trailed off , and sazed saw it . 
 the dark smudge to the east growing lighter . 
 dispersing . 
 resolving into individual members . 
 charging the city . 
 `` bloody hell , '' clubs swore , then quickly began to hobble down the steps . 
 `` messengers away ! '' 
 he bellowed . 
 `` archers to the wall ! 
 secure the river grates ! 
 battalions , form positions ! 
 get ready to fight ! 
 do you want those things breaking in here and getting at your children ! '' 
 chaos followed . 
 men began to dash in all directions . 
 soldiers scrambled up the stairwells , clogging the way down , keeping the crew from moving . 
 it 's happening , sazed thought numbly . 
 `` once the stairwells are open , '' dockson said quietly , `` i want each of you to go to your battalion . 
 tindwyl , you have tin gate , in the north by keep venture . 
 i might need your advice , but for now , stay with those boys . 
 they 'll listen to you-they respect terrismen . 
 breeze , you have one of your soothers in each of battalions four through twelve ? '' 
 breeze nodded . 
 `` they are n't much , though ... '' `` just have them keep those boys fighting ! '' 
 dockson said . 
 `` do n't let our men break ! '' 
 `` a thousand men are far too many for one soother to handle , my friend , '' breeze said . 
 `` have them do the best they can , '' dockson said . 
 `` you and ham take pewter gate and zinc gate-looks like the koloss are going to hit here first . 
 clubs should bring in reinforcements . '' 
 the two men nodded ; then dockson looked at sazed . 
 `` you know where to go ? '' 
 `` yes ... yes , i think so , '' sazed said , gripping the wall . 
 in the air , flakes of ash began to fall from the sky . 
 `` go , then ! '' 
 dockson said as one final squad of archers made its way out of the stairwell . 
 `` my lord venture ! '' 
 straff turned . 
 with some stimulants , he was able to remain strong enough to stay atop his saddle-though he would n't have dared to fight . 
 of course , he would n't have fought anyway . 
 that was n't his way . 
 one brought armies to do such things . 
 he turned his animal as the messenger approached . 
 the man puffed , putting hands on knees as he stopped beside straff 's mount , bits of ash swirling on the ground at his feet . 
 `` my lord , '' the man said . 
 `` the koloss army has attacked luthadel ! '' 
 just as you said , zane , straff thought in wonder . 
 `` the koloss , attacking ? '' 
 lord janarle asked , moving his horse up beside straff 's . 
 the handsome lord frowned , then eyed straff . 
 `` you expected this , my lord ? '' 
 `` of course , '' straff said , smiling . 
 janarle looked impressed . 
 `` pass an order to the men , janarle , '' straff said . 
 `` i want this column turned back toward luthadel . '' 
 `` we can be there in an hour , my lord ! '' 
 janarle said . 
 `` no , '' straff said . 
 `` let 's take our time . 
 we would n't want to overwork our troops , would we ? '' 
 janarle smiled . 
 `` of course not , my lord . '' 
 arrows seemed to have little effect on the koloss . 
 sazed stood , transfixed and appalled , atop his gate 's watchtower . 
 he was n't officially in charge of the men , so he did n't have any orders to give . 
 he simply stood with the scouts and messengers , waiting to see if he was needed or not . 
 that left him plenty of time to watch the horror unfolding . 
 the koloss were n't charging his section of the wall yet , thankfully , and his men stood watching tensely as the creatures barreled toward tin gate and pewter gate in the distance . 
 even far away-the tower letting him see over a section of the city to where tin gate lay-sazed could see the koloss running straight through hailstorms of arrows . 
 some of the smaller ones appeared to fall dead or wounded , but most just continued to charge . 
 men murmured on the tower near him . 
 we are n't ready for this , sazed thought . 
 even with months to plan and anticipate , we are n't ready . 
 this is what we get , being ruled over by a god for a thousand years . 
 a thousand years of peace-tyrannical peace , but peace nonetheless . 
 we do n't have generals , we have men who know how to order a bath drawn . 
 we do n't have tacticians , we have bureaucrats . 
 we do n't have warriors , we have boys with sticks . 
 even as he watched the oncoming doom , his scholar 's mind was analytical . 
 tapping sight , he could see that many of the distant creatures-especially the larger ones-carried small uprooted trees . 
 they were ready , in their own way , to break into the city . 
 the trees would n't be as effective as real battering rams-but then , the city gates were n't built to withstand a real battering in the first place . 
 those koloss are smarter than we give them credit for , he thought . 
 they can recognize the abstract value of coins , even if they do n't have an economy . 
 they can see that they 'll need tools to break down our doors , even if they do n't know how to make those tools . 
 the first koloss wave reached the wall . 
 men began to toss down rocks and other items . 
 sazed 's own section had similar piles , one just next to the gate arch , beside which he stood . 
 but arrows had almost no effect ; what good would a few rocks do ? 
 koloss clumped around the base of the wall , like the water of a dammed-up river . 
 distant thumps sounded as the creatures began to beat against the gates . 
 `` battalion sixteen ! '' 
 a messenger called from below , riding up to sazed 's gate . 
 `` lord culee ! '' 
 `` here ! '' 
 a man called from the wall top beside sazed 's tower . 
 `` pewter gate needs reinforcements immediately ! 
 lord penrod commands you to bring six companies and follow me ! '' 
 lord culee began to give the orders . 
 six companies ... sazed thought . 
 six hundred of our thousand . 
 clubs 's words from earlier returned to him : twenty thousand men might seem like a lot , until one saw how thinly they had to be stretched . 
 the six companies marched away , leaving the courtyard before sazed 's gate disturbingly empty . 
 the four hundred remaining men-three hundred in the courtyard , one hundred on the wall-shuffled quietly . 
 sazed closed his eyes and tapped his hearing tinmind . 
 he could hear ... wood beating on wood . 
 screams . 
 human screams . 
 he released the tinmind quickly , then tapped eyesight again , leaning out and looking toward the section of the wall where the battle was being fought . 
 the koloss were throwing back the fallen rocks-and they were far more accurate than the defenders . 
 sazed jumped as he saw a young soldier 's face crushed , his body thrown back off the wall top by the rock 's force . 
 sazed released his tinmind , breathing quickly . 
 `` be firm , men ! '' 
 called one of the soldiers on the wall . 
 he was barely a youth-a nobleman , but he could n't be more than sixteen . 
 of course , a lot of the men in the army were that age . 
 `` stand firm ... '' the young commander repeated . 
 his voice sounded uncertain , and it trailed off as he noticed something in the distance . 
 sazed turned , following the man 's gaze . 
 the koloss had gotten tired of standing around , piling up at a single gate . 
 they were moving to surround the city , large groups of them breaking up , fording the river channerel toward other gates . 
 gates like sazed 's . 
 vin landed directly in the middle of the camp . 
 she tossed a handful of pewter dust into the firepit , then pushed , blowing coals , soot , and smoke across a pair of surprised guards , who had been fixing breakfast . 
 she reached out and pulled out the stakes of the three small tents . 
 all three collapsed . 
 one was unoccupied , but cries came from the other two . 
 the canvas outlined struggling , confused figures-one inside the larger tent , two inside the smaller one . 
 the guards scrambled back , raising their arms to protect their eyes from the soot and sparks , their hands reaching for swords . 
 vin raised a fist toward them-and , as they blinked their eyes clear , she let a single coin drop to the ground . 
 the guards froze , then took their hands off their swords . 
 vin eyed the tents . 
 the person in charge would be inside the larger one-and he was the man she would need to deal with . 
 probably one of straff 's captains , though the guards did n't wear venture heraldry . 
 perhaps - jastes lekal poked his head out of his tent , cursing as he extricated himself from the canvas . 
 he 'd changed much in the two years since vin had last seen him . 
 however , there had been hints of what the man would become . 
 his thin figure had become spindly ; his balding head had fulfilled its promise . 
 yet , how had his face come to look so haggard ... so old ? 
 he was elend 's age . 
 `` jastes , '' elend said , stepping out of his hiding place in the forest . 
 he walked into the clearing , spook at his side . 
 `` why are you here ? '' 
 jastes managed to stand as his other two soldiers cut their way out of their tent . 
 he waved them down . 
 `` el , '' he said . 
 `` i. . . 
 did n't know where else to go . 
 my scouts said that you were fleeing , and it seemed like a good idea . 
 wherever you 're going , i want to go with you . 
 we can hide there , maybe . 
 we can - '' `` jastes ! '' 
 elend snapped , striding forward to stand beside vin . 
 `` where are your koloss ? 
 did you send them away ? '' 
 `` i tried , '' jastes said , looking down . 
 `` they would n't go-not once they 'd seen luthadel . 
 and then ... '' `` what ? '' 
 elend demanded . 
 `` a fire , '' jastes said . 
 `` in our ... supply carts . '' 
 vin frowned . 
 `` your supply carts ? '' 
 elend said . 
 `` the carts where you carried your wooden coins ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` lord ruler , man ! '' 
 elend said stepping forward . 
 `` and you just left them there , without leadership , outside our home ? '' 
 `` they would have killed me , el ! '' 
 jastes said . 
 `` they were beginning to fight so much , to demand more coins , to demand we attack the city . 
 if i 'd stayed , they 'd have slaughtered me ! 
 they 're beasts-beasts that only barely have the shape of man . '' 
 `` and you left , '' elend said . 
 `` you abandoned luthadel to them . '' 
 `` you abandoned it , too , '' jastes said . 
 he walked forward , hands pleading as he approached elend . 
 `` look , el . 
 i know i was wrong . 
 i thought i could control them . 
 i did n't mean for this to happen ! '' 
 elend fell silent , and vin could see a hardness growing in his eyes . 
 not a dangerous hardness , like kelsier . 
 more of a. . . 
 regal bearing . 
 the sense that he was more than he wanted to be . 
 he stood straight , looking down at the man pleading before him . 
 `` you raised an army of violent monsters and led them in a tyrannical assault , jastes , '' elend said . 
 `` you caused the slaughter of innocent villages . 
 then , you abandoned that army without leadership or control outside the most populated city in the whole of the final empire . '' 
 `` forgive me , '' jastes said . 
 elend looked the man in the eyes . 
 `` i forgive you , '' he said quietly . 
 then , in one fluid stroke , he drew his sword and sheared jastes 's head from his shoulders . 
 `` but my kingdom can not . '' 
 vin stared , dumbfounded , as the corpse fell to the ground . 
 jastes 's soldiers cried out , drawing their weapons . 
 elend turned , his face solemn , and raised the point of his bloodied sword toward them . 
 `` you think this execution was performed in error ? '' 
 the guards paused . 
 `` no , my lord , '' one of them finally said , looking down . 
 elend knelt and cleaned his sword on jastes 's cloak . 
 `` considering what he did , this was a better death than he deserved . '' 
 elend snapped his sword back into its sheath . 
 `` but he was my friend . 
 bury him . 
 once you are through , you are welcome to travel with me to terris , or you may go back to your homes . 
 choose as you wish . '' 
 with that , he walked back into the woods . 
 vin paused , watching the guards . 
 solemnly , they moved forward to collect the body . 
 she nodded to spook , then dashed out into the forest after elend . 
 she did n't have to go far . 
 she found him sitting on a rock a short distance away , staring at the ground . 
 an ashfall had begun , but most of the flakes got caught in the trees , coating their leaves like black moss . 
 `` elend ? '' 
 she asked . 
 he looked out , staring into the forest . 
 `` i 'm not sure why i did it , vin , '' he said quietly . 
 `` why should i be the one to bring justice ? 
 i 'm not even king . 
 and yet , it had to be done . 
 i felt it . 
 i feel it still . '' 
 she laid a hand on his shoulder . 
 `` he 's the first man i 've ever killed , '' elend said . 
 `` he and i had such dreams , once : we 'd ally two of the most powerful imperial houses , uniting luthadel as never before . 
 ours was n't to have been a treaty of greed , but a true political alliance intended to help make the city a better place . '' 
 he looked up at her . 
 `` i think i understand now , vin , what it is like for you . 
 in a way , we 're both knives-both tools . 
 not for each other , but for this kingdom . 
 this people . '' 
 she wrapped her arms around him , holding him , pulling his head to her chest . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' she whispered . 
 `` it had to be done , '' he said . 
 `` the saddest part is , he 's right . 
 i abandoned them , too . 
 i should take my own life with this sword . '' 
 `` you left for a good reason , elend , '' vin said . 
 `` you left to protect luthadel , to make it so straff would n't attack . '' 
 `` and if the koloss attack before straff can ? '' 
 `` maybe they wo n't , '' vin said . 
 `` they do n't have a leader-maybe they 'll attack straff 's army instead . '' 
 `` no , '' spook 's voice said . 
 vin turned , seeing him approach through the forest , eyes squinting against the light . 
 that boy burns way too much tin , she thought . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 elend asked , turning . 
 spook looked down . 
 `` they wo n't attack straff 's army , el . 
 it wo n't be there anymore . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 vin asked . 
 `` i. . . '' 
 spook looked away , shame showing in his face . 
 i 'm a coward . 
 his words from earlier returned to her . 
 `` you knew , '' vin said . 
 `` you knew the koloss were going to attack ! '' 
 spook nodded . 
 `` that 's ridiculous , '' elend said . 
 `` you could n't have known that jastes would follow us . '' 
 `` i did n't , '' spook said , a lump of ash falling from a tree behind him , bursting before the wind , and fluttering in a hundred different flakes to the ground . 
 `` but my uncle figured that straff would withdraw his army and let the koloss attack the city . 
 that 's why sazed decided to send us away . '' 
 vin felt a sudden chill . 
 i 've found the location of the well of ascension , sazed had said . 
 to the north . 
 in the terris mountains ... `` clubs told you this ? '' 
 elend was saying . 
 spook nodded . 
 `` and you did n't tell me ? '' 
 elend demanded , standing . 
 oh , no ... spook paused , then shook his head . 
 `` you would have wanted to go back ! 
 i did n't want to die , el ! 
 i 'm sorry . 
 i 'm a coward . '' 
 he cringed , glancing at elend 's sword , shying away . 
 elend paused , as if realizing he 'd been stepping toward the boy . 
 `` i 'm not going to hurt you , spook , '' he said . 
 `` i 'm just ashamed of you . '' 
 spook lowered his eyes , then sank down to the ground , sitting with his back to an aspen . 
 the thumpings , getting softer ... `` elend , '' vin whispered . 
 he turned . 
 `` sazed lied . 
 the well is n't to the north . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` it 's at luthadel . '' 
 `` vin , that 's ridiculous . 
 we 'd have found it . '' 
 `` we did n't , '' she said firmly , standing , looking south . 
 focusing , she could feel the thumpings , washing across her . 
 pulling her . 
 south . 
 `` the well ca n't be to the south , '' elend said . 
 `` the legends all place it north , in the terris mountains . '' 
 vin shook her head , confused . 
 `` it 's there , '' she said . 
 `` i know it is . 
 i do n't know how , but it is there . '' 
 elend looked at her , then nodded , trusting her instincts . 
 oh , sazed , she thought . 
 you probably had good intentions , but you may have doomed us all . 
 if the city fell to the koloss ... `` how fast can we get back ? '' 
 elend asked . 
 `` that depends , '' she said . 
 `` go back ? '' 
 spook asked , looking up . 
 `` el , they 're all dead . 
 they told me to tell you the truth once you got to tathingdwen , so you would n't kill yourselves climbing the mountains in the winter for nothing . 
 but , when clubs talked to me , it was also to say goodbye . 
 i could see it in his eyes . 
 he knew he 'd never see me again . '' 
 elend paused , and vin could see a moment of uncertainty in his eyes . 
 a flash of pain , of terror . 
 she knew those emotions , because they hit her at the same time . 
 sazed , breeze , ham ... elend grabbed her arm . 
 `` you have to go , vin , '' he said . 
 `` there might be survivors ... refugees . 
 they 'll need your help . '' 
 she nodded , the firmness of his grip-the determination in his voice-giving her strength . 
 `` spook and i will follow , '' he said . 
 `` it should only take us a couple of days ' hard riding . 
 but an allomancer with pewter can go faster than any horse over long distances . '' 
 `` i do n't want to leave you , '' she whispered . 
 `` i know . '' 
 it was still hard . 
 how could she run off and leave him , when she 'd only just rediscovered him ? 
 yet , she could feel the well of ascension even more urgently now that she was sure of its location . 
 and if some of her friends did survive the attack ... vin gritted her teeth , then opened up her pouch and pulled out the last of her pewter dust . 
 she drank it down with a mouthful of water from her flask . 
 it scratched her throat going down . 
 it 's not much , she thought . 
 it wo n't let me pewter-drag for long . 
 `` they 're all dead ... '' spook mumbled again . 
 vin turned . 
 the pulses thumped demandingly . 
 from the south . 
 i 'm coming . 
 `` elend , '' she said . 
 `` please do something for me . 
 do n't sleep during the night , when the mists are out . 
 travel during the night , if you can , and keep your wits about you . 
 watch for the mist spirit-i think it may mean you harm . '' 
 he frowned , but nodded . 
 vin flared pewter , then took off at a run toward the highway . 
 my pleas , my teachings , my objections , and even my treasons were all ineffectual . 
 alendi has other counselors now , ones who tell him what he wants to hear . 
 52 breeze did his best to pretend he was not in the middle of a war . 
 it did n't work very well . 
 he sat on his horse at the edge of zinc gate 's courtyard . 
 soldiers shuffled and clanked , standing in ranks before the gates , waiting and watching their companions atop the wall . 
 the gates thumped . 
 breeze cringed , but continued his soothing . 
 `` be strong , '' he whispered . 
 `` fear , uncertainty-i take these away . 
 death may come through those doors , but you can fight it . 
 you can win . 
 be strong ... '' brass flared like a bonfire within his stomach . 
 he had long since used up his vials , and had taken to choking down handfuls of brass dust and mouthfuls of water , which he had in a steady supply thanks to dockson 's mounted messengers . 
 how long can this possibly last ? 
 he thought , wiping his brow , continuing to soothe . 
 allomancy was , fortunately , very easy on the body ; allomantic power came from within the metals themselves , not from the one who burned them . 
 yet , soothing was much more complex than other allomantic skills , and it demanded constant attention . 
 `` fear , terror , anxiety ... '' he whispered . 
 `` the desire to run or give up . 
 i take these from you ... '' the speaking was n't necessary , of course , but it had always been his way-it helped keep him focused . 
 after a few more minutes of soothing , he checked his pocket watch , then turned his horse and trotted over to the other side of the courtyard . 
 the gates continued to boom , and breeze wiped his brow again . 
 he noted , with dissatisfaction , that his handkerchief was nearly too damp to do him any good . 
 it was also beginning to snow . 
 the wetness would make the ash stick to his clothing , and his suit would be absolutely ruined . 
 the suit will be ruined by your blood , breeze , he told himself . 
 the time for silliness is over . 
 this is serious . 
 far too serious . 
 how did you even end up here ? 
 he redoubled his efforts , soothing a new group of soldiers . 
 he was one of the most powerful allomancers in the final empire-especially when it came to emotional allomancy . 
 he could soothe hundreds of men at once , assuming they were packed close enough together , and assuming that he was focusing on simple emotions . 
 even kelsier had n't been able to manage those numbers . 
 yet , the entire crowd of soldiers was beyond even his ability , and he had to do them in sections . 
 as he began work on the new group , he saw the ones he had left begin to wilt , their anxiety taking over . 
 when those doors burst , these men are going to scatter . 
 the gates boomed . 
 men clustered on the walls , throwing down rocks , shooting arrows , fighting with a frantic lack of discipline . 
 occasionally , an officer would push his way past them , yelling orders , trying to coordinate their efforts , but breeze was too far away to tell what they were saying . 
 he could just see the chaos of men moving , screaming , and shooting . 
 and , of course , he could see the return fire . 
 rocks zipped into the air from below , some cracking against the ramparts . 
 breeze tried not to think about what was on the other side of the wall , the thousands of enraged koloss beasts . 
 occasionally , a soldier would drop . 
 blood dripped down into the courtyard from several sections of the ramparts . 
 `` fear , anxiety , terror ... '' breeze whispered . 
 allrianne had escaped . 
 vin , elend , and spook were safe . 
 he had to keep focusing on those successes . 
 thank you , sazed , for making us send them away , he thought . 
 hoofbeats clopped behind him . 
 breeze continued his soothing , but turned to see clubs riding up . 
 the general rode his horse with a hunched-over slouch , eyeing the soldiers with one eye open , the other perpetually squeezed closed in a squint . 
 `` they 're doing well , '' he said . 
 `` my dear man , '' breeze said . 
 `` they 're terrified . 
 even the ones beneath my soothing watch those gates like they were some terrible void waiting to suck them in . '' 
 clubs eyed breeze . 
 `` feeling poetic today , are we ? '' 
 `` impending doom has that effect on me , '' breeze said as the gates shook . 
 `` either way , i doubt the men are doing ` well . ' '' 
 clubs grunted . 
 `` men are always nervous before a fight . 
 but , these are good lads . 
 they 'll hold . '' 
 the gates shook and quivered , splinters appearing at the edges . 
 those hinges are straining ... breeze thought . 
 `` do n't suppose you can soothe those koloss ? '' 
 clubs asked . 
 `` make them less ferocious ? '' 
 breeze shook his head . 
 `` soothing those beasts has no effect . 
 i 've tried it . '' 
 they fell silent again , listening to the booming gates . 
 eventually , breeze glanced over at clubs , who sat , unperturbed , on his horse . 
 `` you 've been in combat before , '' breeze said . 
 `` how often ? '' 
 `` off and on for the better part of twenty years , when i was younger , '' clubs said . 
 `` fighting rebellions in the distant dominances , warring against the nomads out in the barrens . 
 the lord ruler was pretty good about keeping those conflicts quiet . '' 
 `` and ... how did you do ? '' 
 breeze asked . 
 `` were you often victorious ? '' 
 `` always , '' clubs said . 
 breeze smiled slightly . 
 `` of course , '' clubs said , glancing at breeze , `` we were the ones with koloss on our side . 
 damn hard to kill , those beasts . '' 
 great , breeze thought . 
 vin ran . 
 she 'd only been on one `` pewter drag '' before-with kelsier , two years ago . 
 while burning pewter at a steady flare , one could run with incredible speed-like a sprinter in their quickest dash-without ever growing tired . 
 yet , the process did something to a body . 
 pewter kept her moving , but it also bottled up her natural fatigue . 
 the juxtaposition made her mind fuzz , bringing on a trancelike state of exhausted energy . 
 her soul wanted so badly to rest , yet her body just kept running , and running , and running , following the canal towpath toward the south . 
 toward luthadel . 
 vin was prepared for the effects of pewter dragging this time , and so she handled them far better . 
 she fought off the trance , keeping her mind focused on her goal , not the repetitive motions of her body . 
 however , that focus led her to discomforting thoughts . 
 why am i doing this ? 
 she wondered . 
 why push myself so hard ? 
 spook said it-luthadel has to have already fallen . 
 there is no need for urgency . 
 and yet , she ran . 
 she saw images of death in her mind . 
 ham , breeze , dockson , clubs , and dear , dear sazed . 
 the first real friends she had ever known . 
 she loved elend , and part of her blessed the others for sending him away from danger . 
 however , the other piece of her was furious at them for sending her away . 
 that fury guided her . 
 they let me abandon them . 
 they forced me to abandon them ! 
 kelsier had spent months teaching her how to trust . 
 his last words to her in life had been ones of accusation , and they were words she had never been able to escape . 
 you still have a lot to learn about friendship , vin . 
 he had gone on to risk his life to get spook and oreseur out of danger , fighting off-and eventually killing-a steel inquisitor . 
 he had done this despite vin 's protests that the risk was pointless . 
 she had been wrong . 
 how dare they ! 
 she thought , feeling the tears on her cheeks as she dashed down the canal 's highwaylike towpath . 
 pewter gave her inhuman balance , and the speed-which would have been perilous for anyone else-felt natural to her . 
 she did n't trip , she did n't stumble , but an outside observer would think her pace reckless . 
 trees whipped by . 
 she leapt washouts and dips in the land . 
 she ran as she had done only once before , and pushed herself even harder than she had on that day . 
 before , she had been running simply to keep up with kelsier . 
 now she ran for those she loved . 
 how dare they ! 
 she thought again . 
 how dare they not give me the same chance that kelsier had ! 
 how dare they refuse my protection , refuse to let me help them ! 
 how dare they die ... her pewter was running low , and she was only a few hours into her run . 
 true , she had probably covered an entire day 's worth of walking in those few hours . 
 yet , somehow , she knew it would n't be enough . 
 they were already dead . 
 she was going to be too late , just as when she 'd run years before . 
 too late to save their army . 
 too late to save her friends . 
 vin continued to run . 
 and she continued to cry . 
 `` how did we get here , clubs ? '' 
 breeze asked quietly , still on the floor of the courtyard , before the booming gate . 
 he sat on his horse , amid a muddy mixture of falling snow and ash . 
 the simple , quiet flutterings of white and black seemed to belie the screaming men , the breaking gate , and the falling rocks . 
 clubs looked over at him , frowning . 
 breeze continued stare up at the ash and snow . 
 black and white . 
 lazy . 
 `` we are n't men of principle , '' breeze said quietly . 
 `` we 're thieves . 
 cynics . 
 you , a man tired of doing the lord ruler 's bidding , a man determined to see himself get ahead for once . 
 me , a man of wavering morals who loves to toy with others , to make their emotions my game . 
 how did we end up here ? 
 standing at the head of an army , fighting an idealist 's cause ? 
 men like us should n't be leaders . '' 
 clubs watched the men in the courtyard . 
 `` guess we 're just idiots , '' he finally said . 
 breeze paused , then noticed that glimmer in clubs 's eyes . 
 that spark of humor , the spark that was hard to recognize unless one knew clubs very well . 
 it was that spark that told the truth-that showed clubs to be a man of rare understanding . 
 breeze smiled . 
 `` i guess we are . 
 like we said before . 
 it 's kelsier 's fault . 
 he turned us into idiots who would stand at the front of a doomed army . '' 
 `` that bastard , '' clubs said . 
 `` indeed , '' breeze said . 
 ash and snow continued to fall . 
 men yelled in alarm . 
 and the gates burst open . 
 `` the eastern gate has been breached , master terrisman ! '' 
 dockson 's messenger said , puffing slightly as he crouched beside sazed . 
 they both sat beneath the wall-top battlements , listening to the koloss pound on their own gate . 
 the one that had fallen would be zinc gate , the one on the easternmost side of luthadel . 
 `` zinc gate is the most well defended , '' sazed said quietly . 
 `` they will be able to hold it , i think . '' 
 the messenger nodded . 
 ash blew along the wall top , piling in the cracks and alcoves in the stone , the black flakes adulterated by the occasional bit of bone-white snow . 
 `` is there anything you wish me to report to lord dockson ? '' 
 the messenger asked . 
 sazed paused , glancing along his wall 's defenses . 
 he 'd climbed down from the watchtower , joining the regular ranks of men . 
 the soldiers had run out of stones , though the archers were still working . 
 he peeked over the side of the wall and saw the koloss corpses piling up . 
 however , he also saw the splintered front of the gate . 
 it 's amazing they can maintain such rage for so long , he thought , ducking back . 
 the creatures continued to howl and scream , like feral dogs . 
 he sat back against the wet stone , shivering in the chill wind , his toes growing numb . 
 he tapped his brassmind , drawing out the heat he 'd stored therein , and his body suddenly flooded with a pleasant sensation of warmth . 
 `` tell lord dockson that i fear for this gate 's defenses , '' sazed said quietly . 
 `` the best men were stolen away to help with the eastern gates , and i have little confidence in our leader . 
 if lord dockson could send someone else to be in charge , that would be for the best , i think . '' 
 the messenger paused . 
 `` what ? '' 
 sazed asked . 
 `` is n't that why he sent you , master terrisman ? '' 
 sazed frowned . 
 `` please tell him i have even less confidence in my own ability to lead ... or to fight ... than i do in that of our commander . '' 
 the messenger nodded and took off , scrambling down the steps toward his horse . 
 sazed cringed as a rock hit the wall just above him . 
 chips flipped over the merlon , scattering to the battlement in front of him . 
 by the forgotten gods ... sazed thought , wringing his hands . 
 what am i doing here ? 
 he saw motion on the wall beside him , and turned as the youthful soldier captain-captain bedes-moved up to him , careful to keep his head down . 
 tall , with thick hair that grew down around his eyes , he was spindly even beneath his armor . 
 the young man looked like he should have been dancing at balls , not leading soldiers in battle . 
 `` what did the messenger say ? '' 
 bedes asked nervously . 
 `` zinc gate has fallen , my lord , '' sazed replied . 
 the young captain paled . 
 `` what ... what should we do ? '' 
 `` why ask me , my lord ? '' 
 sazed asked . 
 `` you are in command . '' 
 `` please , '' the man said , grabbing sazed 's arm . 
 `` i do n't ... i. . . '' 
 `` my lord , '' sazed said sternly , forcing down his own nervousness . 
 `` you are a nobleman , are you not ? '' 
 `` yes ... '' `` then you are accustomed to giving orders , '' sazed said . 
 `` give them now . '' 
 `` which orders ? '' 
 `` it does n't matter , '' sazed said . 
 `` let the men see that you are in charge . '' 
 the young man wavered , then yelped and ducked as a rock took one of the nearby archers in the shoulder , throwing him back into the courtyard . 
 the men below scrambled out of the way of the corpse , and sazed noticed something odd . 
 a group of people had gathered at the back of the courtyard . 
 civilians-skaa-in ash-stained clothing . 
 `` what are they doing here ? '' 
 sazed asked . 
 `` they should be hiding , not standing here to tempt the koloss once the creatures break through ! '' 
 `` once they break through ? '' 
 captain bedes asked . 
 sazed ignored the man . 
 civilians he could deal with . 
 he was accustomed to being in charge of a nobleman 's servants . 
 `` i will go speak to them , '' sazed said . 
 `` yes ... '' bedes said . 
 `` that sounds like a good idea . '' 
 sazed made his way down the steps , which were growing slick and wet with ashen slush , then approached the group of people . 
 there were even more of them than he had assumed ; they extended back into the street a short distance . 
 the hundred or so people stood huddled together , watching the gates through the falling snow , looking cold , and sazed felt a little guilty for his brassmind 's warmth . 
 several of the people bowed their heads as sazed approached . 
 `` why are you here ? '' 
 sazed asked . 
 `` please , you must seek shelter . 
 if your homes are near the courtyard , then go hide near the middle of the city . 
 the koloss are likely to begin pillaging as soon as they finish with the army , so the edges of the city are more dangerous . '' 
 none of the people moved . 
 `` please ! '' 
 sazed said . 
 `` you must go . 
 if you stay , you will die ! '' 
 `` we are not here to die , holy first witness , '' said an elderly man at the front . 
 `` we are here to watch the koloss fall . '' 
 `` fall ? '' 
 sazed asked . 
 `` the lady heir will protect us , '' said another woman . 
 `` the lady heir has left the city ! '' 
 sazed said . 
 `` then we will watch you , holy first witness , '' the man said , leaning with one hand on a young boy 's shoulder . 
 `` holy first witness ? '' 
 sazed said . 
 `` why call me this name ? '' 
 `` you are the one who brought news of the lord ruler 's death , '' the man said . 
 `` you gave the lady heir the spear she used to slay our lord . 
 you were the witness to her actions . '' 
 sazed shook his head . 
 `` that may be true , but i am not worthy of reverence . 
 i 'm not a holy man , i 'm just a. . . '' 
 `` a witness , '' the old man said . 
 `` if the heir is to join this fight , she will appear near you . '' 
 `` i. . . 
 am sorry ... '' sazed said , flushing . 
 i sent her away . 
 i sent your god to safety . 
 the people watched him , their eyes reverent . 
 it was wrong ; they should not worship him . 
 he was simply an observer . 
 except , he was n't . 
 he had made himself part of this all . 
 it was as tindwyl had indirectly warned him . 
 now that sazed had participated in events , he had become an object of worship himself . 
 `` you should not look at me like that , '' sazed said . 
 `` the lady heir says the same thing , '' the old man said , smiling , breath puffing in the cold air . 
 `` that is different , '' sazed said . 
 `` she is ... '' he cut off , turning as he heard cries from behind . 
 the archers on the wall were waving in alarm , and young captain bedes was rushing over to them . 
 what is - a bestial blue creature suddenly pulled itself up onto the wall , its skin streaked and dripping with scarlet blood . 
 it shoved aside a surprised archer , then grabbed captain bedes by the neck and tossed him backward . 
 the boy disappeared , falling to the koloss below . 
 sazed heard the screams even from a distance . 
 a second koloss pulled itself up onto the wall , then a third . 
 archers stumbled away in shock , dropping their weapons , some shoving others off the ramparts in their haste . 
 the koloss are jumping up , sazed realized . 
 enough corpses must have piled below . 
 and yet , to jump so high ... more and more creatures were pulling themselves onto the top of the wall . 
 they were the largest of the monsters , the ones over ten feet in height , but that only made it easier for them to sweep the archers out of their way . 
 men fell to the courtyard , and the pounding on the gates redoubled . 
 `` go ! '' 
 sazed said , waving at the people behind him . 
 some of them backed away . 
 many stood firm . 
 sazed turned desperately back toward the gates . 
 the wooden structures began to crack , splinters spraying through the snowy , ash-laden air . 
 the soldiers backed away , postures frightened . 
 finally , with a snap , the bar broke and the right gate burst open . 
 a howling , bleeding , wild mass of koloss began to scramble across the wet stones . 
 soldiers dropped their weapons and fled . 
 others remained , frozen with terror . 
 sazed stood at their back , between the horrified soldiers and the mass of skaa . 
 i am not a warrior , he thought , hands shaking as he stared at the monsters . 
 it had been difficult enough to stay calm inside their camp . 
 watching them scream-their massive swords out , their skin ripped and bloodied as they fell upon the human soldiers-sazed felt his courage begin to fail . 
 but if i do n't do something , nobody will . 
 he tapped pewter . 
 his muscles grew . 
 he drew deeply upon his steelmind as he dashed forward , taking more strength than he ever had before . 
 he had spent years storing up strength , rarely finding occasion to use it , and now he tapped that reserve . 
 his body changed , weak scholar 's arms transforming into massive , bulky limbs . 
 his chest widened , bulging , and his muscles grew taut with power . 
 days spent fragile and frail focused on this single moment . 
 he shoved his way through the ranks of soldiers , pulling his robe over his head as it grew too restrictive , leaving himself wearing only a vestigial loincloth . 
 the lead koloss turned to find himself facing a creature nearly his own size . 
 despite its rage , despite its inhumanness , the beast froze , surprise showing in its beady red eyes . 
 sazed punched the monster . 
 he had n't practiced for war , and knew next to nothing about combat . 
 yet , at that moment , his lack of skill did n't matter . 
 the creature 's face folded around his fist , its skull cracking . 
 sazed turned on thick legs , looking back at the startled soldiers . 
 say something brave ! 
 he told himself . 
 `` fight ! '' 
 sazed bellowed , surprised at the sudden deepness and strength of his voice . 
 and , startlingly , they did . 
 vin fell to her knees , exhausted on the muddy , ash-soaked highway . 
 her fingers and knees hit the slushy cold , but she did n't care . 
 she simply knelt , wheezing . 
 she could n't run any farther . 
 her pewter was gone . 
 her lungs burned and her legs ached . 
 she wanted to collapse and curl up , coughing . 
 it 's just the pewter drag , she thought forcibly . 
 she 'd pushed her body hard , but had n't had to pay for it until now . 
 she coughed a moment longer , groaning , then reached a dripping hand into her pocket and pulled out her last two vials . 
 they had a mixture of all eight base metals , plus duralumin . 
 their pewter would keep her going for a little bit longer ... but not long enough . 
 she was still hours away from luthadel . 
 even with pewter , she would n't arrive until long after dark . 
 she sighed , replacing her vials , forcing herself to her feet . 
 what would i do if i arrived ? 
 vin thought . 
 why work so hard ? 
 am i that eager to fight again ? 
 to slaughter ? 
 she knew that she would n't arrive in time for the battle . 
 in fact , the koloss had probably attacked days ago . 
 still , this worried her . 
 her attack on cett 's keep still flashed horrific images in her head . 
 things she had done . 
 death she had caused . 
 and yet , something felt different to her now . 
 she had accepted her place as a knife . 
 but what was a knife , but another tool ? 
 it could be used for evil or for good ; it could kill , or it could protect . 
 that point was moot , considering how weak she felt . 
 it was hard to keep her legs from trembling as she flared tin , clearing her head . 
 she stood on the imperial highway , a sodden , pockmarked roadway that looked-in the softly falling snow-to twist onward for eternity . 
 it ran directly beside the imperial canal , which was a snakelike cut in the land , wide but empty , extending beside the highway . 
 before , with elend , this road had seemed bright and new . 
 now it looked dark and depressing . 
 the well thumped , its pulsings growing more powerful with each step she took back toward luthadel . 
 yet , it was n't happening fast enough . 
 not fast enough for her to stop the koloss from taking the city . 
 not fast enough for her friends . 
 i 'm sorry ... she thought , teeth chattering as she pulled her cloak tight , pewter no longer aiding her against the cold . 
 i 'm so sorry that i failed you . 
 she saw a line of smoke in the distance . 
 she looked east , then west , but did n't see much . 
 the flat landscape was clouded in ashen snows . 
 a village , thought her still-numb mind . 
 one of many in the area . 
 luthadel was by far the dominant city of the small dominance , but there were others . 
 elend had n't been able to keep the others completely free of banditry , but they had fared far better than towns in other areas of the final empire . 
 vin stumbled forward , pressing on through the slushy black puddles toward the village . 
 after about fifteen minutes of walking , she turned off the main highway and made her way up a side road to the village . 
 it was small , even by skaa standards . 
 just a few hovels , along with a couple of nicer structures . 
 not a plantation , vin thought . 
 this was once a way village-a place for traveling noblemen to stop for the evening . 
 the small manor-which would have once been run by a minor noble landlord-was dark . 
 two of the skaa hovels , however , had light shining through the cracks . 
 the gloomy weather must have convinced the people to retire from their labors early . 
 vin shivered , walking up to one of the buildings , her tin-enhanced ears picking out sounds of talking inside . 
 she paused , listening . 
 children laughed , and men spoke with gusto . 
 she smelled what must have been the beginnings of the evening meal-a simple vegetable stew . 
 skaa ... laughing , she thought . 
 a hovel like this one would have been a place of fear and gloom during the days of the lord ruler . 
 happy skaa had been considered underworked skaa . 
 we 've meant something . 
 it 's all meant something . 
 but was it worth the deaths of her friends ? 
 the fall of luthadel ? 
 without elend 's protection , even this little village would soon be taken by one tyrant or another . 
 she drank in the sounds of laughter . 
 kelsier had n't given up . 
 he had faced the lord ruler himself , and his last words had been defiant . 
 even when his plans had seemed hopeless , his own corpse lying in the street , he had secretly been victorious . 
 i refuse to give up , she thought , straightening . 
 i refuse to accept their deaths until i hold their corpses in my arms . 
 she raised a hand and pounded on the door . 
 immediately , the sounds inside stopped . 
 vin extinguished her tin as the door creaked open . 
 skaa , especially country skaa , were skittish things . 
 she 'd probably have to - `` oh , you poor thing ! '' 
 the woman exclaimed , pulling the door open the rest of the way . 
 `` come in out of that snow . 
 what are you doing out there ! '' 
 vin hesitated . 
 the woman was dressed simply , but the clothing was well made to stave off the winter . 
 the firepit in the center of the room glowed with a welcome warmth . 
 `` child ? '' 
 the woman asked . 
 behind , a stocky , bearded man rose to place a hand on the woman 's shoulder and study vin . 
 `` pewter , '' vin said quietly . 
 `` i need pewter . '' 
 the couple looked at each other , frowning . 
 they probably thought her mind addled . 
 after all , how must she look , hair drenched by the snow , clothing wet and stuck with ash ? 
 she only wore simple riding clothing-trousers and a nondescript cloak . 
 `` why do n't you come inside , child ? '' 
 the man suggested . 
 `` have something to eat . 
 then we can talk about where you came from . 
 where are your parents ? '' 
 lord ruler ! 
 vin thought with annoyance . 
 i do n't look that young , do i ? 
 she threw a soothing on the couple , suppressing their concern and suspicion . 
 then , she rioted their willingness to help . 
 she was n't as good as breeze , but she was n't unpracticed , either . 
 the couple immediately relaxed . 
 `` i do n't have much time , '' vin said . 
 `` pewter . '' 
 `` the lord had some fine diningware in his home , '' the man said slowly . 
 `` but we traded most of that for clothing and farming equipment . 
 i think there are a couple of goblets left . 
 master cled-our elder-has them in the other hovel ... '' `` that might work , '' vin said . 
 though the metal probably wo n't be mixed with allomantic percentages in mind . 
 it would probably have too much silver or not enough tin , making the pewter work more weakly than it would otherwise . 
 the couple frowned , then looked at the others in the hovel . 
 vin felt despair crawl back into her chest . 
 what was she thinking ? 
 even if the pewter were of the right alloy , it would take time to shave it and produce enough for her to use in running . 
 pewter burned relatively quickly . 
 she 'd need a lot of it . 
 preparing it could take almost as much time as simply walking to luthadel . 
 she turned , looking south , through the dark , snowy sky . 
 even with pewter , it would take hours more running . 
 what she really needed was a spikeway-a path marked by spikes driven in the ground that an allomancer could push against , throwing themselves through the air again and again . 
 on such an organized pathway , she 'd once traveled from luthadel to fellise-an hour 's carriage ride-in under ten minutes . 
 but there was no spikeway from this village to luthadel ; there were n't even ones along the main canal routes . 
 they were too hard to set up , too specific in their usefulness , to be worth the bother of running them long distances ... vin turned , causing the skaa couple to jump . 
 perhaps they 'd noticed the daggers in her belt , or perhaps it was the look in her eyes , but they no longer looked quite as friendly as they had before . 
 `` is that a stable ? '' 
 vin said , nodding toward one of the dark buildings . 
 `` yes , '' the man said hesitantly . 
 `` but we have no horses . 
 only a couple of goats and cows . 
 surely you do n't want to - '' `` horseshoes , '' vin said . 
 the man frowned . 
 `` i need horseshoes , '' vin said . 
 `` a lot of them . '' 
 `` follow me , '' the man said , responding to her soothing . 
 he led her out into the cold afternoon . 
 others followed behind them , and vin noticed a couple of men casually carrying cudgels . 
 perhaps it was n't just elend 's protection that had allowed these people to remain unmolested . 
 the stocky man threw his weight against the stable door , pushing it to the side . 
 he pointed to a barrel inside . 
 `` they were getting rusty anyway , '' he said . 
 vin walked up to the barrel and took out a horseshoe , testing its weight . 
 then she tossed it up in front of her and pushed it with a solid flare of steel . 
 it shot away , arcing far through the air until it splashed into a pool some hundred paces away . 
 perfect , she thought . 
 the skaa men were staring . 
 vin reached into her pocket and pulled out one of her metal vials , downing its contents and restoring her pewter . 
 she did n't have much of it left by pewter-dragging standards , but she had plenty of steel and iron . 
 both burned slowly . 
 she could push and pull on metals for hours yet . 
 `` prepare your village , '' she said , burning pewter , then counting out ten horseshoes . 
 `` luthadel is besieged-it might have fallen already . 
 if you get word that it has , i suggest you take your people and move to terris . 
 follow the imperial canal directly to the north . '' 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 the man asked . 
 `` nobody of consequence . '' 
 he paused . 
 `` you 're her , are n't you ? '' 
 she did n't need to ask what he meant . 
 she simply dropped a horseshoe to the ground behind her . 
 `` yes , '' she said quietly , then pushed off of the shoe . 
 immediately , she shot into the air at an angle . 
 as she began to fall , she dropped another horseshoe . 
 however , she waited until she was near the ground to push against this one ; she needed to keep herself going more forward than up . 
 she 'd done all this before . 
 it was n't that different from using coins to jump around . 
 the trick was going to be to keep herself moving . 
 as she pushed against the second horseshoe-propelling herself into the snowy air again-she reached behind herself and pulled hard on the first horseshoe . 
 the horseshoe was n't connected to anything , so it leaped into the air after her , crossing the distance through the sky as vin dropped a third shoe to the ground . 
 she let go of the first shoe , its momentum carrying it through the air above her head . 
 it fell to the ground as she pushed against the third shoe and pulled on the second one , now far behind her . 
 this is going to be tough , vin thought , frowning with concentration as she passed over the first shoe and pushed on it . 
 however , she did n't get the angle right , and she fell too far before pushing . 
 the horseshoe shot out behind her , and did n't give her enough upward momentum to keep her in the air . 
 she hit the ground hard , but immediately pulled the shoe to herself and tried again . 
 the first few tries were slow . 
 the biggest problem was getting the angle down . 
 she had to hit the shoe just right , giving it enough downward force to keep it in place on the ground , but enough forward motion to keep her moving in the right direction . 
 she had to land often that first hour , going back to fetch horseshoes . 
 however , she did n't have time for much experimentation , and her determination insisted that she get the process right . 
 eventually , she had three shoes working pretty well ; it helped that the ground was wet , and that her weight pressed the horseshoes down in the mud , giving her a stronger anchor to use when pushing herself forward . 
 soon she was able to add a fourth shoe . 
 the more frequently she pushed-the more horseshoes she had to push against-the faster she would go . 
 by the time she was an hour out of the village , she added a fifth shoe . 
 the result was a continuous flow of flipping metal chunks . 
 vin pulled , then pushed , then pulled , then pushed , moving with continual single-mindedness , juggling herself through the air . 
 the ground raced beneath her and horseshoes shot through the air above her . 
 the wind became a roar as she pushed herself faster and faster , steering her pathway to the south . 
 she was a flurry of metal and motion-as kelsier had been , near the end , when he had killed the inquisitor . 
 except , her metal was n't meant to kill , but save . 
 i might not arrive in time , she thought , air rushing around her . 
 but i 'm not going to give up halfway . 
 i have a young nephew , one rashek . 
 he hates all of khlennium with the passion of envious youth . 
 he hates alendi even more acutely-though the two have never met-for rashek feels betrayed that one of our oppressors should have been chosen as the hero of ages . 
 53 straff was actually starting to feel quite well as his army crested the last hill to overlook luthadel . 
 he 'd discreetly tried a few drugs from his cabinet , and he was pretty certain he knew which one amaranta had given him : black frayn . 
 a nasty drug indeed . 
 he 'd have to wean himself from it slowly-but , for now , a few swallowed leaves made him stronger and more alert than he 'd ever been before . 
 in fact , he felt wonderful . 
 he was sure the same could n't be said for those in luthadel . 
 the koloss pooled around the outer wall , still beating on several of the gates on the north and east sides . 
 smoke rose from inside the city . 
 `` our scouts say the creatures have broken through four of the city gates , my lord , '' said lord janarle . 
 `` they breached the eastern gate first , and there met with heavy resistance . 
 the northeastern gate fell next , then the northwestern gate , but the troops at both are holding as well . 
 the main breach happened in the north . 
 the koloss are apparently ravaging from that direction , burning and looting . '' 
 straff nodded . 
 the northern gate , he thought . 
 the one closest to keep venture . 
 `` do we attack , my lord ? '' 
 janarle asked . 
 `` how long ago did the northern gate fall ? '' 
 `` perhaps an hour ago , my lord . '' 
 straff shook his head leisurely . 
 `` then , let us wait . 
 the creatures worked quite hard to break into the city-we should at least let them have a little fun before we slaughter them . '' 
 `` are you sure , my lord ? '' 
 straff smiled . 
 `` once they lose their bloodlust in a few hours , they 'll be tired from all the fighting and calm down . 
 that will be the best time to strike . 
 they 'll be dispersed through the city and weakened from the resistance . 
 we can take them easily , that way . '' 
 sazed gripped his koloss opponent by the throat , forcing back its snarling , distorted face . 
 the beast 's skin was stretched so tightly that it had split down the center of the face , revealing bloody muscles above the teeth , around the nose holes . 
 it breathed with husky rage , spraying droplets of spittle and blood across sazed with each exhalation . 
 strength ! 
 sazed thought , tapping his pewtermind for more power . 
 his body became so massive that he feared splitting his own skin . 
 fortunately , his metalminds had been built to expand , braces and rings that did n't connect on one side so that they could bend . 
 still , his bulk was daunting . 
 he probably would n't have been able to walk or maneuver with such size-but it did n't matter , for the koloss had already knocked him to the ground . 
 all he needed was some extra power in his grip . 
 the creature clawed him in the arm with one hand , reaching behind with the other , grasping its sword ... sazed 's fingers finally crushed the beast 's thick neck . 
 the creature tried to snarl , but no breath came , and it instead thrashed about in frustration . 
 sazed forced himself to his feet , then hurled the creature toward its companions . 
 with such unnatural strength , even a body eleven feet tall felt light in his fingers . 
 it smashed into a pile of attacking koloss , forcing them backward . 
 sazed stood , gasping . 
 i 'm using my strength up so quickly , he thought , releasing his pewtermind , his body deflating like a wineskin . 
 he could n't continue tapping his reserves so much . 
 he 'd already used up a good half of his strength-strength that had taken decades to store . 
 he still had n't used his rings , but he had only a few minutes of each attribute in those . 
 they would wait for an emergency . 
 and that might be what i 'm facing now , he thought with dread . 
 they still held steel gate square . 
 though koloss had broken through the gate , only a few could pass through at once-and only the most massive seemed able to jump up to the wall . 
 sazed 's little troop of soldiers was sorely pressed , however . 
 bodies lay scattered in the courtyard . 
 the skaa faithful at the back had begun pulling the wounded to safety . 
 sazed could hear them groaning behind him . 
 koloss corpses littered the square as well , and despite the carnage , sazed could n't help but feel a sense of pride at how much it was costing the creatures to force their way inside this portal . 
 luthadel was not falling easily . 
 not at all . 
 the koloss seemed rebuffed for the moment , and though several skirmishes still continued in the courtyard , a new group of monsters was gathering outside the gate . 
 outside the gate , sazed thought , glancing to the side . 
 the creatures had cared to break open only one of the massive door gates , the right one . 
 there were corpses in the square-dozens , perhaps hundreds-but the koloss themselves had cleared many out of the way of the gate itself so that they could get into the courtyard . 
 perhaps ... sazed did n't have time to think . 
 he dashed forward , tapping his pewtermind again , giving himself the strength of five men . 
 he picked up the body of a smaller koloss and threw it out the gate . 
 the creatures outside snarled , scattering . 
 there were still hundreds waiting for the chance to get in , but they tripped over the dead in their haste to get out of the way of his projectile . 
 sazed slipped on blood as he grabbed a second body , throwing it to the side . 
 `` to me ! '' 
 he screamed , hoping that there were men who could hear , and who could respond . 
 the koloss realized what he was doing too late . 
 he kicked another body out of the way , then slammed his body against the open door and tapped his ironmind , drawing forth the weight he had stored within it . 
 immediately , he became far heavier , and that weight crashed against the gate , slamming it closed . 
 koloss rushed at the doorway from the other side . 
 sazed scrambled up against the gate , pushing corpses out of the way , forcing the massive portal closed all the way . 
 he tapped his ironmind further , draining its precious reserve at an alarming rate . 
 he became so heavy he felt his own weight crushing him to the ground , and only his increased strength managed to keep him on his feet . 
 frustrated koloss pounded on the gate , but he held . 
 held them back , hands and chest pressed against the rough wood , toes wedged back against uneven cobbles . 
 with his brassmind , he did n't even feel the cold , though ash , snow , and blood mixed at his feet . 
 men cried out . 
 some died . 
 others slammed their own weight against the gate , and sazed spared a glance behind . 
 the rest of his soldiers set up a perimeter , protecting the gate from the koloss inside the city . 
 the men fought bravely , backs to the gate , only sazed 's power keeping the portal from flying open . 
 and yet , they fought . 
 sazed cried out in defiance , feet slipping , holding the gate as his soldiers killed the remaining koloss in the courtyard . 
 then , a group of them rushed in from the side , bearing with them a large length of wood . 
 sazed did n't know where they 'd gotten it , nor did he care , as they slid it into place where the gate bar had been . 
 his weight ran out , the ironmind empty . 
 i should have stored more of that , over the years , he thought with a sigh of exhaustion , sinking down before the closed gate . 
 it had seemed like a lot , until he 'd been forced to use it so often , using it to shove away koloss or the like . 
 i usually just stored up weight as a side effect of making myself lighter . 
 that always seemed the more useful way to use iron . 
 he released pewter , and felt his body deflating . 
 fortunately , stretching his body in such a manner did n't leave his skin loose . 
 he went back to his usual self , only bearing a dreadful sense of exhaustion and a faint soreness . 
 the koloss continued to beat on the gate . 
 sazed opened tired eyes , lying bare-chested in the falling snow and ash . 
 his soldiers stood solemnly before him . 
 so few , he thought . 
 barely fifty remained of his original four hundred . 
 the square itself was red-as if painted-with bright koloss blood , and it mixed with the darker human kind . 
 sickly blue lumps of bodies lay alone or in heaps , interspersed with the twisted and torn pieces that were often all that remained of human bodies once they were hit by the brutal koloss swords . 
 the thumping continued , like low drums , on the other side of the gate . 
 the beating picked up to a frenzied pace , the gate shaking , as the koloss grew more frustrated . 
 they could probably smell the blood , feel the flesh that had so nearly been theirs . 
 `` that board wo n't hold for long , '' one of the soldiers said quietly , a bit of ash floating down in front of his face . 
 `` and the hinges are splintering . 
 they 're going to get through again . '' 
 sazed stumbled to his feet . 
 `` and we will fight again . '' 
 `` my lord ! '' 
 a voice said . 
 sazed turned to see one of dockson 's messengers ride around a pile of corpses . 
 `` lord dockson says that ... '' he trailed off , noticing for the first time that sazed 's gate was closed . 
 `` how ... '' the man began . 
 `` deliver your message , young man , '' sazed said tiredly . 
 `` lord dockson says you wo n't get any reinforcements , '' the man said , reining in his horse . 
 `` tin gate has fallen , and - '' `` tin gate ? '' 
 sazed asked . 
 tindwyl ! 
 `` when ? '' 
 `` over an hour ago , my lord . '' 
 an hour ? 
 he thought with shock . 
 how long have we been fighting ? 
 `` you have to hold here , my lord ! '' 
 the young man said , turning and galloping back the way he had come . 
 sazed took a step to the east . 
 tindwyl ... the thumping on his gate grew louder , and the board began to crack . 
 the men ran for something else to use to secure the gate , but sazed could see that the mountings that kept the board in place were beginning to pull apart . 
 once they went , there would be no way to hold the gate closed . 
 sazed closed his eyes , feeling the weight of fatigue , reaching into his pewtermind . 
 it was nearly drained . 
 after it was gone , he 'd only have the tiny bit of strength in one of the rings . 
 yet , what else could he do ? 
 he heard the board snap , and men yelled . 
 `` back ! '' 
 clubs yelled . 
 `` fall into the city ! '' 
 the remnants of their army broke apart , pulling back from zinc gate . 
 breeze watched with horror as more and more koloss spilled into the square , overrunning the few men too weak or too wounded to retreat . 
 the creatures swept forward like a great blue tide , a tide with swords of steel and eyes of red . 
 in the sky , the sun-only faintly visible behind storm clouds-was a bleeding scar that crept toward the horizon . 
 `` breeze , '' clubs snapped , pulling him back . 
 `` time to go . '' 
 their horses had long since bolted . 
 breeze stumbled after the general , trying not to listen to the snarling from behind . 
 `` fall back to the harrying positions ! '' 
 clubs called to those men who could hear him . 
 `` first squad , shore up inside keep lekal ! 
 lord hammond should be there by now , preparing the defenses ! 
 squad two , with me to keep hasting ! '' 
 breeze continued on , his mind as numb as his feet . 
 he 'd been virtually useless in the battle . 
 he 'd tried to take away the men 's fear , but his efforts had seemed so inadequate . 
 like ... holding a piece of paper up to the sun to make shade . 
 clubs held up a hand , and the squad of two hundred men stopped . 
 breeze looked around . 
 the street was quiet in the falling ash and snow . 
 everything seemed ... dull . 
 the sky was dim , the city 's features softened by the blanket of black-speckled snow . 
 it seemed so strange to have fled the horrific scene of scarlet and blue to find the city looking so lazy . 
 `` damn ! '' 
 clubs snapped , pushing breeze out of the way as a raging group of koloss burst from a side street . 
 clubs 's soldiers fell into a line , but another group of koloss-the creatures that had just burst through the gate-came up behind them . 
 breeze stumbled , falling in the snow . 
 that other group ... it came from the north ! 
 the creatures have infiltrated the city this far already ? 
 `` clubs ! '' 
 breeze said , turning . 
 `` we - '' breeze looked just in time to see a massive koloss sword sheer through clubs 's upraised arm , then continue on to hit the general in the ribs . 
 clubs grunted , thrown to the side , his sword arm-weapon and all-flying free . 
 he stumbled on his bad leg , and the koloss brought his sword down in a two-handed blow . 
 the dirty snow finally got some color . 
 a splash of red . 
 breeze stared , dumbfounded , at the remains of his friend 's corpse . 
 then the koloss turned toward breeze , snarling . 
 the likelihood of his own impending death hit , stirring him as even the cold snow could n't . 
 breeze scrambled back , sliding in the snow , instinctively reaching out to try and soothe the creature . 
 of course , nothing happened . 
 breeze tried to get to his feet , and the koloss-along with several others-began to bear down on him . 
 at that moment , however , another troop of soldiers fleeing the gate appeared from a cross street , distracting the koloss . 
 breeze did the only thing that seemed natural . 
 he crawled inside a building and hid . 
 `` this is all kelsier 's fault , '' dockson muttered , making another notation on his map . 
 according to messengers , ham had reached keep lekal . 
 it would n't last long . 
 the venture grand hall was a flurry of motion and chaos as panicked scribes ran this way and that , finally realizing that koloss did n't care if a man were skaa , scholar , nobleman , or merchant . 
 the creatures just liked to kill . 
 `` he should have seen this coming , '' dockson continued . 
 `` he left us with this mess , and then he just assumed that we 'd find a way to fix it . 
 well , i ca n't hide a city from its enemies-not like i hid a crew . 
 just because we were excellent thieves does n't mean we 'd be any good at running a kingdom ! '' 
 nobody was listening to him . 
 his messengers had all fled , and his guards fought at the keep gates . 
 each of the keeps had its own defenses , but clubs-rightly-had decided to use them only as a fallback option . 
 they were n't designed to repel a large-scale attack , and they were too secluded from each other . 
 retreating to them only fractured and isolated the human army . 
 `` our real problem is follow-through , '' dockson said , making a final notation at tin gate , explaining what had happened there . 
 he looked over the map . 
 he 'd never expected sazed 's gate to be the last one to hold . 
 `` follow-through , '' he continued . 
 `` we assumed we could do a better job than the noblemen , but once we had the power , we put them back in charge . 
 if we 'd killed the whole lot , perhaps then we could have started fresh . 
 of course , that would have meant invading the other dominances-which would have meant sending vin to take care of the most important , most problematic , noblemen . 
 there would have been a slaughter like the final empire had never seen . 
 and , if we 'd done that ... '' he trailed off , looking up as one of the massive , majestic stained-glass windows shattered . 
 the others began to explode as well , broken by thrown rocks . 
 a few large koloss jumped through the holes , landing on the shard-strewn marble floor . 
 even broken , the windows were beautiful , the spiked glass edges twinkling in the evening light . 
 through one of them , dockson could see that the storm was breaking , letting sunlight through . 
 `` if we 'd done that , '' dockson said quietly , `` we 'd have been no better than beasts . '' 
 scribes screamed , trying to flee as the koloss began the slaughter . 
 dockson stood quietly , hearing noise behind-grunts , harsh breathing-as koloss approached through the back hallways . 
 he reached for the sword on his table as men began to die . 
 he closed his eyes . 
 you know , kell , he thought . 
 i almost started to believe that they were right , that you were watching over us . 
 that you were some sort of god . 
 he opened his eyes and turned , pulling the sword from its sheath . 
 then he froze , staring at the massive beast approaching from behind . 
 so big ! 
 dockson gritted his teeth , sending a final curse kelsier 's way , then charged , swinging . 
 the creature caught his weapon in an indifferent hand , ignoring the cut it caused . 
 then , it brought its own weapon down , and blackness followed . 
 `` my lord , '' janarle said . 
 `` the city has fallen . 
 look , you can see it burning . 
 the koloss have penetrated all but one of the four gates under attack , and they run wild in the city . 
 they are n't stopping to pillage-they 're just killing . 
 slaughtering . 
 there are n't many soldiers left to oppose them . '' 
 straff sat quietly , watching luthadel burn . 
 it seemed ... a symbol to him . 
 a symbol of justice . 
 he 'd fled this city once , leaving it to the skaa vermin inside , and when he 'd come back to demand it be returned to him , the people had resisted . 
 they had been defiant . 
 they had earned this . 
 `` my lord , '' janarle said . 
 `` the koloss army is weakened enough already . 
 their numbers are hard to count , but the corpses they left behind indicate that as much as a third of their force has fallen . 
 we can take them ! '' 
 `` no , '' straff said , shaking his head . 
 `` not yet . '' 
 `` my lord ? '' 
 janarle said . 
 `` let the koloss have the damn city , '' straff said quietly . 
 `` let them clear it out and burn the whole thing to the ground . 
 fires ca n't hurt our atium-in fact , they 'll probably make the metal easier to find . '' 
 `` i. . . '' 
 janarle seemed shocked . 
 he did n't object further , but his eyes were rebellious . 
 i 'll have to take care of him later , straff thought . 
 he 'll rise against me if he finds that zane is gone . 
 that did n't matter at the moment . 
 the city had rejected him , and so it would die . 
 he 'd build a better one in its place . 
 one dedicated to straff , not the lord ruler . 
 `` father ! '' 
 allrianne said urgently . 
 cett shook his head . 
 he sat on his horse , beside his daughter 's horse , on a hill to the west of luthadel . 
 he could see straff 's army , gathered to the north , watching-as he watched-the death throes of a doomed city . 
 `` we have to help ! '' 
 allrianne insisted . 
 `` no , '' cett said quietly , shrugging off the effects of her raging his emotions . 
 he 'd grown used to her manipulations long ago . 
 `` our help would n't matter now . '' 
 `` we have to do something ! '' 
 allrianne said , pulling his arm . 
 `` no , '' cett said more forcefully . 
 `` but you came back ! '' 
 she said . 
 `` why did we return , if not to help ? '' 
 `` we will help , '' cett said quietly . 
 `` we 'll help straff take the city when he wishes , then we 'll submit to him and hope he does n't kill us . '' 
 allrianne paled . 
 `` that 's it ? '' 
 she hissed . 
 `` that 's why we returned , so that you can give our kingdom to that monster ? '' 
 `` what else did you expect ? '' 
 cett demanded . 
 `` you know me , allrianne . 
 you know that this is the choice i have to make . '' 
 `` i thought i knew you , '' she snapped . 
 `` i thought you were a good man , down deep . '' 
 cett shook his head . 
 `` the good men are all dead , allrianne . 
 they died inside that city . '' 
 sazed fought on . 
 he was no warrior ; he did n't have honed instincts or training . 
 he calculated that he should have died hours before . 
 and yet , somehow , he managed to stay alive . 
 perhaps it was because the koloss did n't fight with skill , either . 
 they were blunt-like their giant , wedgelike swords-and they simply threw themselves at their opponents with little thought of tactics . 
 that should have been enough . 
 yet , sazed held-and where he held , his few men held with him . 
 the koloss had rage on their side , but sazed 's men could see the weak and elderly standing , waiting , just at the edge of the square . 
 the soldiers knew why they fought . 
 this reminder seemed enough to keep them going , even when they began to be surrounded , the koloss working their way into the edges of the square . 
 sazed knew , by now , that no relief was going to come . 
 he 'd hoped , perhaps , that straff would decide to take the city , as clubs had suggested . 
 but it was too late for that ; night was approaching , the sun inching toward the horizon . 
 the end is finally here , sazed thought as the man next to him was struck down . 
 sazed slipped on blood , and the move saved him as the koloss swung over his head . 
 perhaps tindwyl had found a way to safety . 
 hopefully , elend would deliver the things he and she had studied . 
 they were important , sazed thought , even if he did n't know why . 
 sazed attacked , swinging the sword he 'd taken from a koloss . 
 he enhanced his muscles in a final burst as he swung , giving them strength right as the sword met koloss flesh . 
 he hit . 
 the resistance , the wet sound of impact , the shock up his arm-these were familiar to him now . 
 bright koloss blood sprayed across him , and another of the monsters fell . 
 and sazed 's strength was gone . 
 pewter tapped clean , the koloss sword was now heavy in his hands . 
 he tried to swing it at the next koloss in line , but the weapon slipped from his weak , numb , tired fingers . 
 this koloss was a big one . 
 nearing twelve feet tall , it was the largest of the monsters sazed had seen . 
 sazed tried to step away , but he stumbled over the body of a recently killed soldier . 
 as he fell , his men finally broke , the last dozen scattering . 
 they 'd held well . 
 too well . 
 perhaps if he 'd let them retreat ... no , sazed thought , looking up at his death . 
 i did well , i think . 
 better than any mere scholar should have been able to . 
 he thought about the rings on his fingers . 
 they could , perhaps , give him a little bit of an edge , let him run . 
 flee . 
 yet , he could n't summon the motivation . 
 why resist ? 
 why had he resisted in the first place ? 
 he 'd known that they were doomed . 
 you 're wrong about me , tindwyl , he thought . 
 i do give up , sometimes . 
 i gave up on this city long ago . 
 the koloss loomed over sazed , who still lay half sprawled in the bloody slush , and raised its sword . 
 over the creature 's shoulder , sazed could see the red sun hanging just above the top of the wall . 
 he focused on that , rather than on the falling sword . 
 he could see rays of sunlight , like ... shards of glass in the sky . 
 the sunlight seemed to sparkle , twinkling , coming for him . 
 as if the sun itself were welcoming him . 
 reaching down to accept his spirit . 
 and so , i die ... a twinkling droplet of light sparkled in the beam of sunlight , then hit the koloss directly in the back of the skull . 
 the creature grunted , stiffening , dropping its sword . 
 it collapsed to the side , and sazed lay , stupefied , on the ground for a moment . 
 then he looked up at the top of the wall . 
 a small figure stood silhouetted by the sun . 
 black before the red light , a cloak flapped gently on her back . 
 sazed blinked . 
 the bit of sparkling light he 'd seen ... it had been a coin . 
 the koloss before him was dead . 
 vin had returned . 
 she jumped , leaping as only an allomancer could , to soar in a graceful arc above the square . 
 she landed directly in the midst of the koloss and spun . 
 coins shot out like angry insects , cutting through blue flesh . 
 the creatures did n't drop as easily as humans would have , but the attack got their attention . 
 the koloss turned away from the fleeing soldiers and defenseless townspeople . 
 the skaa at the back of the square began to chant . 
 it was a bizarre sound to hear in the middle of a battle . 
 sazed sat up , ignoring his pains and exhaustion as vin jumped . 
 the city gate suddenly lurched , its hinges twisting . 
 the koloss had already beaten on it so hard ... the massive wooden portal burst free from the wall , pulled by vin . 
 such power , sazed thought numbly . 
 she must be pulling on something behind herself-but , that would mean that poor vin is being yanked between two weights as heavy as that gate . 
 and yet , she did it , lifting the gate door with a heave , pulling it toward herself . 
 the huge hardwood gate crashed through the koloss ranks , scattering bodies . 
 vin twisted expertly in the air , pulling herself to the side , swinging the gate to the side as if it were tethered to her by a chain . 
 koloss flew in the air , bones cracking , sprayed like splinters before the enormous weapon . 
 in a single sweep , vin cleared the entire courtyard . 
 the gate dropped . 
 vin landed amid a group of crushed bodies , silently kicking a soldier 's war staff up into her hands . 
 the remaining koloss outside the gate paused only briefly , then charged . 
 vin began to attack swiftly , but precisely . 
 skulls cracked , koloss falling dead in the slush as they tried to pass her . 
 she spun , sweeping a few of them to the ground , spraying ashen red slush across those running up behind . 
 i. . . 
 i have to do something , sazed thought , shaking off his stupefaction . 
 he was still bare-chested , the cold ignored because of his brassmind-which was nearly empty . 
 vin continued to fight , felling koloss after koloss . 
 even her strength wo n't last forever . 
 she ca n't save the city . 
 sazed forced himself to his feet , then moved toward the back of the square . 
 he grabbed the old man at the front of the crowd of skaa , shaking the man out of his chanting . 
 `` you were right , '' sazed said . 
 `` she returned . '' 
 `` yes , holy first witness . '' 
 `` she will be able to give us some time , i think , '' sazed said . 
 `` the koloss have broken into the city . 
 we need to gather what people we can and escape . '' 
 the old man paused , and for a moment sazed thought he would object-that he would claim vin would protect them , would defeat the entire army . 
 then , thankfully , he nodded . 
 `` we 'll run out the northern gate , '' sazed said urgently . 
 `` that is where the koloss first entered the city , and so it is likely that they have moved on from that area . '' 
 i hope , sazed thought , rushing off to raise the warning . 
 the fallback defensive positions were supposed to be the high noble keeps . 
 perhaps they would find survivors there . 
 so , breeze thought , it turns out that i 'm a coward . 
 it was not a surprising revelation . 
 he had always said that it was important for a man to understand himself , and he had always been aware of his selfishness . 
 so , he was not at all shocked to find himself huddling against the flaking bricks of an old skaa home , shutting his ears to the screams just outside . 
 where was the proud man now ? 
 the careful diplomat , the soother with his immaculate suits ? 
 he was gone , leaving behind this quivering , useless mass . 
 he tried several times to burn brass , to soothe the men fighting outside . 
 however , he could n't accomplish this most simple of actions . 
 he could n't even move . 
 unless one counted trembling as movement . 
 fascinating , breeze thought , as if looking at himself from the outside , seeing the pitiful creature in the ripped , bloodied suit . 
 so this is what happens to me , when the stress gets too strong ? 
 it 's ironic , in a way . 
 i 've spent a lifetime controlling the emotions of others . 
 now i 'm so afraid , i ca n't even function . 
 the fighting continued outside . 
 it was going on an awful long time . 
 should n't those soldiers be dead ? 
 `` breeze ? '' 
 he could n't move to see who it was . 
 sounds like ham . 
 that 's funny . 
 he should be dead , too . 
 `` lord ruler ! '' 
 ham said , coming into breeze 's view . 
 he wore a bloodied sling on one arm . 
 he fell urgently to breeze 's side . 
 `` breeze , can you hear me ? '' 
 `` we saw him duck in here , my lord , '' another voice said . 
 a soldier ? 
 `` took shelter from the fight . 
 we could feel him soothing us , though . 
 kept us fighting , even when we should have given up . 
 after lord cladent died ... '' i 'm a coward . 
 another figure appeared . 
 sazed , looking concerned . 
 `` breeze , '' ham said , kneeling . 
 `` my keep fell , and sazed 's gate is down . 
 we have n't heard anything from dockson in over an hour , and we found clubs 's body . 
 please . 
 the koloss are destroying the city . 
 we need to know what to do . '' 
 well , do n't ask me , breeze said-or tried to say . 
 he thought it came out as a mumble . 
 `` i ca n't carry you , breeze , '' ham said . 
 `` my arm is nearly useless . '' 
 well , that 's all right , breeze mumbled . 
 you see , my dear man , i do n't think i 'm of much use anymore . 
 you should move on . 
 it 's quite all right if you just leave me here . 
 ham looked up at sazed , helpless . 
 `` hurry , lord hammond , '' sazed said . 
 `` we can have the soldiers carry the wounded . 
 we will make our way to keep hasting . 
 perhaps we can find sanctuary there . 
 or ... perhaps the koloss will be distracted enough to let us slip out of the city . '' 
 distracted ? 
 breeze mumbled . 
 distracted by the killing of other people , you mean . 
 well , it is somewhat comforting to know that we 're all cowards . 
 now , if i could just lie here for a little longer , i might be able to fall asleep ... and forget all of this . 
 alendi will need guides through the terris mountains . 
 i have charged rashek with making certain that he and his trusted friends are chosen as those guides . 
 54 vin 's staff broke as she slammed it across a koloss face . 
 not again , she thought with frustration , spinning and ramming the broken shard into another creature 's chest . 
 she turned and came face-to-face with one of the big ones , a good five feet taller than she . 
 it thrust its sword toward her . 
 vin jumped , and the sword collided with broken cobblestones beneath her . 
 she shot upward , not needing any coins to carry herself up to eye level with the creature 's twisted face . 
 they always looked surprised . 
 even after watching her fight dozens of their companions , they seemed shocked to see her dodge their blows . 
 their minds seemed to equate size with power ; a larger koloss always beat a smaller one . 
 a five-foot-tall human should have been no problem for a monster this big . 
 vin flared pewter as she smashed her fist into the beast 's head . 
 the skull cracked beneath her knuckles , and the beast fell backward as she dropped back to the ground . 
 yet , as always , there was another to take its place . 
 she was getting tired . 
 no , she 'd started the battle tired . 
 she 'd pewter-dragged , then used a convoluted personal spikeway to carry herself across an entire dominance . 
 she was exhausted . 
 only the pewter in her last metal vial was keeping her upright . 
 i should have asked sazed for one of his empty pewterminds ! 
 she thought . 
 feruchemical and allomantic metals were the same . 
 she could have burned that-though it would probably have been a bracer or a bracelet . 
 to large to swallow . 
 she ducked to the side as another koloss attacked . 
 coins did n't stop these things , and they all weighed too much for her to push them away without an anchor . 
 besides , her steel and iron reserves were extremely low . 
 she killed koloss after koloss , buying time for sazed and the people to get a good head start . 
 something was different this time-different from when she 'd killed at cett 's palace . 
 she felt good . 
 it was n't just because she killed monsters . 
 it was because she understood her purpose . 
 and she agreed with it . 
 she could fight , could kill , if it meant defending those who could not defend themselves . 
 kelsier might have been able to kill for shock or retribution , but that was n't good enough for vin . 
 and she would never let it be again . 
 that determination fueled her attacks against the koloss . 
 she used a stolen sword to cut off the legs of one , then threw the weapon at another , pushing on it to impale the koloss in the chest . 
 then she pulled on the sword of a fallen soldier , yanking it into her hand . 
 she ducked backward , but nearly stumbled as she stepped on another body . 
 so tired , she thought . 
 there were dozens-perhaps even hundreds-of corpses in the courtyard . 
 in fact , a pile was forming beneath her . 
 she climbed it , retreating slightly as the creatures surrounded her again . 
 they crawled over the corpses of their fallen brethren , rage frothing in their blood-drop eyes . 
 human soldiers would have given up , going to seek easier fights . 
 the koloss , however , seemed to multiply as she fought them , others hearing the sounds of battle and coming to join in . 
 she swiped , pewter aiding her strength as she cut off an arm from one koloss , then a leg from another , before finally going for the head of a third . 
 she ducked and dodged , jumping , staying out of their reach , killing as many as she could . 
 but as desperate as her determination-as strong as her newfound resolve to defend-she knew that she could n't keep fighting , not like this . 
 she was only one person . 
 she could n't save luthadel , not alone . 
 `` lord penrod ! '' 
 sazed yelled , standing at the gates to keep hasting . 
 `` you must listen to me . '' 
 there was no response . 
 the soldiers at the top of the short keep wall were quiet , though sazed could sense their discomfort . 
 they did n't like ignoring him . 
 in the distance , the battle still raged . 
 koloss screamed in the night . 
 soon they would find their way to sazed and ham 's growing band of several thousand , who now huddled quietly outside keep hasting 's gate . 
 a haggard messenger approached sazed . 
 he was the same one that dockson had been sending to steel gate . 
 he 'd lost his horse somewhere , and they 'd found him with a group of refugees in the square of the survivor . 
 `` lord terrisman , '' the messenger said quietly . 
 `` i. . . 
 just got back from the command post . 
 keep venture has fallen ... '' `` lord dockson ? '' 
 the man shook his head . 
 `` we found a few wounded scribes hiding outside the keep . 
 they saw him die . 
 the koloss are still in the building , breaking windows , rooting about ... '' sazed turned back , looking over the city . 
 so much smoke billowed in the sky that it seemed the mists had come already . 
 he 'd begun filling his scent tinmind to keep the stench away . 
 the battle for the city might be over , but now the true tragedy would begin . 
 the koloss in the city had finished killing soldiers . 
 now they would slaughter the people . 
 there were hundreds of thousands of them , and sazed knew the creatures would gleefully extend the devastation . 
 no looting . 
 not when there was killing to be done . 
 more screams sounded in the night . 
 they 'd lost . 
 failed . 
 and now , the city would truly fall . 
 the mists ca n't be far away , he thought , trying to give himself some hope . 
 perhaps that will give us some cover . 
 still , one image stood out to him . 
 clubs , dead in the snow . 
 the wooden disk sazed had given him earlier that same day tied to a loop around his neck . 
 it had n't helped . 
 sazed turned back to keep hasting . 
 `` lord penrod , '' he said loudly . 
 `` we are going to try and slip out of the city . 
 i would welcome your troops and your leadership . 
 if you stay here , the koloss will attack this keep and kill you . '' 
 silence . 
 sazed turned , sighing as ham-arm still in a sling-joined him . 
 `` we have to go , saze , '' ham said quietly . 
 `` you 're bloody , terrisman . '' 
 sazed turned . 
 ferson penrod stood on the top of his wall , looking down . 
 he still looked immaculate in his nobleman 's suit . 
 he even wore a hat against the snow and ash . 
 sazed looked down at himself . 
 he still wore only his loincloth . 
 he had n't had time to worry about clothing , particularly with his brassmind to keep him warm . 
 `` i 've never seen a terrisman fight , '' penrod said . 
 `` it is not a common occurrence , my lord , '' sazed replied . 
 penrod looked up , staring out over the city . 
 `` it 's falling , terrisman . '' 
 `` that is why we must go , my lord , '' sazed said . 
 penrod shook his head . 
 he still wore elend 's thin crown . 
 `` this is my city , terrisman . 
 i will not abandon it . '' 
 `` a noble gesture , my lord , '' sazed said . 
 `` but these with me are your people . 
 will you abandon them in their flight northward ? '' 
 penrod paused . 
 then he just shook his head again . 
 `` there will be no flight northward , terrisman . 
 keep hasting is among the tallest structures in the city-from it , we can see what the koloss are doing . 
 they will not let you escape . '' 
 `` they may turn to pillaging , '' sazed said . 
 `` perhaps we can get by them and escape . '' 
 `` no , '' penrod said , his voice echoing hauntingly across the snowy streets . 
 `` my tineye claims the creatures have already attacked the people you sent to escape through the northern gate . 
 now the koloss have turned this way . 
 they 're coming for us . '' 
 as cries began to echo through the distant streets , coming closer , sazed knew that penrod 's words must be true . 
 `` open your gates , penrod ! '' 
 sazed yelled . 
 `` let the refugees in ! '' 
 save their lives for a few more pitiful moments . 
 `` there is no room , '' penrod said . 
 `` and there is no time . 
 we are doomed . '' 
 `` you must let us in ! '' 
 sazed screamed . 
 `` it is odd , '' penrod said , voice growing softer . 
 `` by taking this throne from the venture boy , i saved his life-and i ended my own . 
 i could not save the city , terrisman . 
 my only consolation is that i doubt elend could have done so either . '' 
 he turned to go , walking down somewhere beyond the wall . 
 `` penrod ! '' 
 sazed yelled . 
 he did not reappear . 
 the sun was setting , the mists were appearing , and the koloss were coming . 
 vin cut down another koloss , then jumped back , pushing herself off of a fallen sword . 
 she shot away from the pack , breathing heavily , bleeding from a couple of minor cuts . 
 her arm was growing numb ; one of the creatures had punched her there . 
 she could kill-kill better than anyone she knew . 
 however , she could n't fight forever . 
 she landed on a rooftop , then stumbled , falling to kneel in a pile of snow . 
 the koloss called and howled behind her , and she knew they would come , chasing her , hounding her . 
 she 'd killed hundreds of them , but what was a few hundred when compared with an army of over twenty thousand ? 
 what did you expect ? 
 she thought to herself . 
 why keep fighting once you knew sazed was free ? 
 did you think to stop them all ? 
 kill every koloss in the army ? 
 once , she 'd stopped kelsier from rushing an army by himself . 
 he had been a great man , but still just one person . 
 he could n't have stopped an entire army-no more than she could . 
 i have to find the well , she thought with determination , burning bronze , the thumpings-which she 'd been ignoring during the battle-becoming loud to her ears . 
 and yet , that left her with the same problem as before . 
 she knew it was in the city now ; she could feel the thumpings all around her . 
 yet , they were so powerful , so omnipresent , that she could n't sense a direction from them . 
 besides , what proof did she have that finding the well would even help ? 
 if sazed had lied about the location-had gone so far as to draw up a fake map-then what else had he lied about ? 
 the power might stop the mists , but what good would that do for luthadel , burning and dying ? 
 she knelt in frustration , pounding the top of the roof with her fists . 
 she had proven too weak . 
 what good was it to return-what good was it to decide to protect-if she could n't do anything to help ? 
 she knelt for a few moments , breathing in gasps . 
 finally , she forced herself to her feet and jumped into the air , throwing down a coin . 
 her metals were nearly gone . 
 she barely had enough steel to carry her through a few jumps . 
 she ended up slowing near kredik shaw , the hill of a thousand spires . 
 she caught one of the spikes at the top of the palace , spinning in the night , looking out over the darkening city . 
 it was burning . 
 kredik shaw itself was silent , quiet , left alone by looters of both races . 
 yet , all around her , vin saw light in the darkness . 
 the mists glowed with a haunting light . 
 it 's like ... like that day two years ago , she thought . 
 the night of the skaa rebellion . 
 except , on that day , the firelight had come from the torches of the rebels as they marched on the palace . 
 this night , a revolution of a different type was occurring . 
 she could hear it . 
 she had her tin burning , and she forced herself to flare it , opening her ears . 
 she heard the screams . 
 the death . 
 the koloss had n't finished their killing work by destroying the army . 
 not by far . 
 they had only just begun . 
 the koloss are killing them all , she thought , shivering as the fires burned before her . 
 elend 's people , the ones he left behind because of me . 
 they 're dying . 
 i am his knife . 
 their knife . 
 kelsier trusted me with them . 
 i should be able to do something ... she dropped toward the ground , skidding off an angled rooftop , landing in the palace courtyard . 
 mists gathered around her . 
 the air was thick . 
 and not just with ash and snow ; she could smell death in its breezes , hear screams in its whispers . 
 her pewter ran out . 
 she slumped to the ground , a wave of exhaustion hitting her so hard that everything else seemed inconsequential . 
 she suddenly knew she should n't have relied on the pewter so much . 
 should n't have pushed herself so hard . 
 but , it had seemed like the only way . 
 she felt herself begin to slip into unconsciousness . 
 but people were screaming . 
 she could hear them-had heard them before . 
 elend 's city ... elend 's people ... dying . 
 her friends were out there somewhere . 
 friends that kelsier had trusted her to protect . 
 she gritted her teeth , shoving aside the exhaustion for a moment longer , struggling up to her feet . 
 she looked through the mists , toward the phantom sounds of terrified people . 
 she began to dash toward them . 
 she could n't jump ; she was out of steel . 
 she could n't even run very fast , but as she forced her body to move , it responded better and better , fighting off the dull numbness that she 'd earned from relying on pewter so long . 
 she burst out of an alleyway , skidding in the snow , and found a small group of people running before a koloss raiding party . 
 there were six of the beasts , small ones , but still dangerous . 
 even as vin watched , one of the creatures cut down an elderly man , slicing him nearly in two . 
 another picked up a small girl , slamming her against the side of a building . 
 vin dashed forward , past the fleeing skaa , whipping out her daggers . 
 she still felt exhausted , but adrenaline helped her somewhat . 
 she had to keep moving . 
 keep going . 
 to stop was to die . 
 several of the beasts turned toward her , eager to fight . 
 one swung for her , and vin let herself slide in the slush-slipping closer to him-before cutting the back of his leg . 
 he howled in pain as her knife got caught in his baggy skin . 
 she managed to yank it free as a second creature swung . 
 i feel so slow ! 
 she thought with frustration , barely sliding to her feet before backing away from the creature 's reach . 
 his sword sprayed chill water across her , and she jumped forward , planting a dagger in the creature 's eye . 
 suddenly thankful for the times ham had made her practice without allomancy , she caught the side of a building to steady herself in the slush . 
 then she threw herself forward , shouldering the koloss with the wounded eye-he was clawing at the dagger and yelling-into his companions . 
 the koloss with the young girl turned , shocked , as vin rammed her other dagger into his back . 
 he did n't drop , but he did let go of the child . 
 lord ruler , these things are tough ! 
 she thought , cloak whipping as she grabbed the child and dashed away . 
 especially when you 're not tough yourself . 
 i need some more metals . 
 the girl in vin 's arms cringed as a koloss howl sounded , and vin spun , flaring her tin to keep herself from falling unconscious from her fatigue . 
 the creatures were n't following , however-they were arguing over a bit of clothing the dead man had been wearing . 
 the howl sounded again , and this time , vin realized , it had come from another direction . 
 people began to scream again . 
 vin looked up , only to find those she 'd just rescued facing down an even larger group of koloss . 
 `` no ! '' 
 vin said , raising a hand . 
 but , they 'd run far while she 'd been fighting . 
 she would n't even have been able to see them , save for her tin . 
 as it was , she was able to see painfully well as the creatures began to lay into the small group with their thick-bladed swords . 
 `` no ! '' 
 vin screamed again , the deaths startling her , shocking her , standing as a reminder of all the deaths she 'd been unable to prevent . 
 `` no . 
 no ! 
 no ! '' 
 pewter , gone . 
 steel , gone . 
 iron , gone . 
 she had nothing . 
 or ... she had one thing . 
 not even pausing to think on what prompted her to use it , she threw a duralumin-enhanced soothing at the beasts . 
 it was as if her mind slammed into something . 
 and then , that something shattered . 
 vin skidded to a halt , shocked , child still in her arms as the koloss stopped , frozen in their horrific act of slaughter . 
 what did i just do ? 
 she thought , tracing through her muddled mind , trying to connect why she had reacted as she had . 
 was it because she had been frustrated ? 
 no . 
 she knew that the lord ruler had built the inquisitors with a weakness : remove a particular spike from their back , and they 'd die . 
 he had also built the kandra with a weakness . 
 the koloss had to have a weakness , too . 
 tensoon called the koloss ... his cousins , she thought . 
 she stood upright , the dark street suddenly quiet save for the whimpering skaa . 
 the koloss waited , and she could feel herself in their minds . 
 as if they were an extension of her own body , the same thing she had felt when she 'd taken control of tensoon 's body . 
 cousins indeed . 
 the lord ruler had built the koloss with a weakness-the same weakness as the kandra . 
 he had given himself a way to keep them in check . 
 and suddenly she understood how he 'd controlled them all those long years . 
 sazed stood at the head of his large band of refugees , snow and ash-the two now indistinguishable in the misty darkness-falling around him . 
 ham sat to one side , looking drowsy . 
 he 'd lost too much blood ; a man without pewter would have died by now . 
 someone had given sazed a cloak , but he had used it to wrap the comatose breeze . 
 even though be barely tapped his brassmind for warmth , sazed himself was n't cold . 
 maybe he was just getting too numb to care . 
 he held two hands up before him , forming fists , ten rings sparkling against the light of the group 's single lantern . 
 koloss approached from the dark alleyways , their forms huddled shadows in the night . 
 sazed 's soldiers backed away . 
 there was little hope left in them . 
 sazed alone stood in the quiet snow , a spindly , bald scholar , nearly nak * d . 
 he , the one who preached the end . 
 he , who should have had the most faith of all . 
 ten rings . 
 a few minutes of power . 
 a few minutes of life . 
 he waited as the koloss gathered . 
 the beasts grew strangely silent in the night . 
 they stopped approaching . 
 they stood still , a line of dark , moundlike silhouettes in the night . 
 why do n't they attack ! 
 sazed thought , frustrated . 
 a child whimpered . 
 then , the koloss began to move again . 
 sazed tensed , but the creatures did n't walk forward . 
 they split , and a quiet figure walked through the center of them . 
 `` lady vin ? '' 
 sazed asked . 
 he still had n't had a chance to speak with her since she 'd saved him at the gate . 
 she looked exhausted . 
 `` sazed , '' she said tiredly . 
 `` you lied to me about the well of ascension . '' 
 `` yes , lady vin , '' he said . 
 `` that is n't important now , '' she said . 
 `` why are you standing nak * d outside of the keep 's walls ? '' 
 `` i. . . '' 
 he looked up at the koloss . 
 `` lady vin , i - '' `` penrod ! '' 
 vin shouted suddenly . 
 `` is that you up there ? '' 
 the king appeared . 
 he looked as confused as sazed felt . 
 `` open your gates ! '' 
 vin yelled . 
 `` are you mad ? '' 
 penrod yelled back . 
 `` i 'm not sure , '' vin said . 
 she turned , and a group of koloss moved forward , walking quietly as if commanded . 
 the largest one picked vin up , holding her up high , until she was nearly level with the top of the keep 's low wall . 
 several guards atop the wall shied away from her . 
 `` i 'm tired , penrod , '' vin said . 
 sazed had to tap his hearing tinmind to listen in on her words . 
 `` we 're all tired , child , '' penrod said . 
 `` i 'm particularly tired , '' vin said . 
 `` i 'm tired of the games . 
 i 'm tired of people dying because of arguments between their leaders . 
 i 'm tired of good men being taken advantage of . '' 
 penrod nodded quietly . 
 `` i want you to gather our remaining soldiers , '' vin said , turning to look over the city . 
 `` how many do you have in there ? '' 
 `` about two hundred , '' he said . 
 vin nodded . 
 `` the city is not lost-the koloss have fought against the soldiers , but have n't had much time to turn on the population yet . 
 i want you to send out your soldiers to find any groups of koloss that are pillaging or killing . 
 protect the people , but do n't attack the koloss if you can help it . 
 send a messenger for me instead . '' 
 remembering penrod 's bullheadedness earlier , sazed thought the man might object . 
 he did n't . 
 he just nodded . 
 `` what do we do then ? '' 
 penrod asked . 
 `` i 'll take care of the koloss , '' vin said . 
 `` we 'll go reclaim keep venture first-i 'm going to need more metals , and there are plenty stored there . 
 once the city is secure , i want you and your soldiers to put out those fires . 
 it should n't be too hard ; there are n't a lot of buildings left that can burn . '' 
 `` very well , '' penrod said , turning to call out his orders . 
 sazed watched in silence as the massive koloss lowered vin to the ground . 
 it stood quietly , as if it were a monster hewn of stone , and not a breathing , bleeding , living creature . 
 `` sazed , '' vin said softly . 
 he could sense the fatigue in her voice . 
 `` lady vin , '' sazed said . 
 to the side , ham finally shook himself out of his stupor , looking up in shock as he noticed vin and the koloss . 
 vin continued to look at sazed , studying him . 
 sazed had trouble meeting her eyes . 
 but , she was right . 
 they could talk about his betrayal later . 
 there were other , more important tasks that had to be accomplished . 
 `` i realize you probably have work for me to do , '' sazed said , breaking the silence . 
 `` but , might i instead be excused ? 
 there is ... a task i wish to perform . '' 
 `` of course , sazed , '' vin said . 
 `` but first , tell me . 
 do you know if any of the others survived ? '' 
 `` clubs and dockson are dead , my lady , '' sazed said . 
 `` i have not seen their bodies , but the reports were from reliable sources . 
 you can see that lord hammond is here , with us , though he has suffered a very bad wound . '' 
 `` breeze ? '' 
 she asked . 
 sazed nodded to the lump that lay huddled beside the wall . 
 `` he lives , thankfully . 
 his mind , however , appears to be reacting poorly to the horrors he saw . 
 it could simply be a form of shock . 
 or ... it could be something more lasting . '' 
 vin nodded , turning to ham . 
 `` ham . 
 i need pewter . '' 
 he nodded dully , pulling out a vial with his good hand . 
 he tossed it to her . 
 vin downed it , and immediately her fatigue seemed to lessen . 
 she stood up straighter , her eyes becoming more alert . 
 that ca n't be healthy , sazed thought with worry . 
 how much of that has she been burning ? 
 step more energetic , she turned to walk toward her koloss . 
 `` lady vin ? '' 
 sazed asked , causing her to turn around . 
 `` there is still an army out there . '' 
 `` oh , i know , '' vin said , turning to take one of the large , wedge like koloss swords from its owner . 
 it was actually a few inches taller than she was . 
 `` i am well aware of straff 's intentions , '' she said , hefting the sword up onto her shoulder . 
 then she turned in to the snow and mist , walking toward keep venture , her strange koloss guards tromping after her . 
 it took sazed well into the night to complete his self-appointed task . 
 he found corpse after corpse in the frigid night , many of them iced over . 
 the snow had stopped falling , and the wind had picked up , hardening the slush to slick ice . 
 he had to break some of the corpses free to turn them over and inspect their faces . 
 without his brassmind to provide heat , he could never have performed his grisly job . 
 even so , he had found himself some warmer clothing-a simple brown robe and a set of boots . 
 he continued working through the night , the wind swirling flakes of snow and ice around him . 
 he started at the gate , of course . 
 that was where the most corpses were . 
 however , he eventually had to move into alleyways and thoroughfares . 
 he found her body sometime near morning . 
 the city had stopped burning . 
 the only light he had was his lantern , but it was enough to reveal the strip of fluttering cloth in a snowbank . 
 at first , sazed thought it was just another bloodied bandage that had failed in its purpose . 
 then he saw a glimmer of orange and yellow , and he moved over-he no longer had the strength to rush-and reached into the snow . 
 tindwyl 's body cracked slightly as he rolled it out . 
 the blood on her side was frozen , of course , and her eyes were iced open . 
 judging from the direction of her flight , she had been leading her soldiers to keep venture . 
 oh , tindwyl , he thought , reaching down to touch her face . 
 it was still soft , but dreadfully cold . 
 after years of being abused by the breeders , after surviving so much , she had found this . 
 death in a city where she had n't belonged , with a man-no , a half man-who did not deserve her . 
 he released his brassmind , and let the night 's cold wash over him . 
 he did n't want to feel warm at the moment . 
 his lantern flickered uncertainly , illuminating the street , shadowing the icy corpse . 
 there , in that frozen alley of luthadel , looking down at the corpse of the woman he loved , sazed realized something . 
 he did n't know what to do . 
 he tried to think of something proper to say-something proper to think-but suddenly , all of his religious knowledge seemed hollow . 
 what was the use in giving her a burial ? 
 what was the value in speaking the prayers of a long-dead god ? 
 what good was he ? 
 the religion of dadradah had n't helped clubs ; the survivor had n't come to rescue the thousands of soldiers who had died . 
 what was the point ? 
 none of sazed 's knowledge gave him comfort . 
 he accepted the religions he knew-believed in their value-but that did n't give him what he needed . 
 they did n't assure him that tindwyl 's spirit still lived . 
 instead , they made him question . 
 if so many people believed so many different things , how could any one of them-or , even , anything at all-actually be true ? 
 the skaa called sazed holy , but at that moment he realized that he was the most profane of men . 
 he was a creature who knew three hundred religions , yet had faith in none of them . 
 so , when his tears fell-and nearly began to freeze to his face-they gave him as little comfort as his religions . 
 he moaned , leaning over the frozen corpse . 
 my life , he thought , has been a sham . 
 rashek is to try and lead alendi in the wrong direction , to discourage him , or otherwise foil his quest . 
 alendi does n't know that he has been deceived , that we 've all been deceived , and he will not listen to me now . 
 55 straff woke in the cold morning and immediately reached for a leaf of black frayn . 
 he was beginning to see the benefits of his addiction . 
 it woke him quickly and easily , making his body feel warm despite the early hour . 
 when he might have once taken an hour to get ready , he was up in minutes , dressed , prepared for the day . 
 and glorious that day would be . 
 janarle met him outside his tent , and the two walked through the bustling camp . 
 straff 's boots cracked on half ice , half snow as he made his way to his horse . 
 `` the fires are out , my lord , '' janarle explained . 
 `` probably due to the snows . 
 the koloss probably finished their rampaging and took shelter from the cold . 
 our scouts are afraid to get too close , but they say the city is like a graveyard . 
 quiet and empty , save for the bodies . '' 
 `` maybe they actually killed each other off , '' straff said cheerfully , climbing into his saddle , breath puffing in the crisp morning air . 
 around him , the army was forming up . 
 fifty thousand soldiers , eager at the prospect of taking the city . 
 not only was there plundering to be done , but moving into luthadel would mean roofs and walls for all of them . 
 `` perhaps , '' janarle said , mounting . 
 would n't that be convenient , straff thought with a smile . 
 all of my enemies dead , the city and its riches mine , and no skaa to worry about . 
 `` my lord ! '' 
 someone cried . 
 straff looked up . 
 the field between his camp and luthadel was colored gray and white , the snow stained by ash . 
 and gathering on the other side of that field were koloss . 
 `` looks like they are alive after all , my lord , '' janarle said . 
 `` indeed , '' straff said , frowning . 
 there were still a lot of the creatures . 
 they piled out of the western gate , not attacking immediately , instead gathering in a large body . 
 `` scout counts say there are fewer of them than there were , '' janarle said after a short time . 
 `` perhaps two-thirds their original number , maybe a bit fewer . 
 but , they are koloss ... '' `` but they 're abandoning their fortifications , '' straff said , smiling , black frayn warming his blood , making him feel like he was burning metals . 
 `` and they 're coming to us . 
 let them charge . 
 this should be over quickly . '' 
 `` yes , my lord , '' janarle said , sounding a little less certain . 
 he frowned , then , pointing toward the southern section of the city . 
 `` my ... lord ? '' 
 `` what now ? '' 
 `` soldiers , my lord , '' janarle said . 
 `` human ones . 
 looks to be several thousand of them . '' 
 straff frowned . 
 `` they should all be dead ! '' 
 the koloss charged . 
 straff 's horse shuffled slightly as the blue monsters ran across the gray field , the human troops falling into more organized ranks behind . 
 `` archers ! '' 
 janarle shouted . 
 `` prepare first volley ! '' 
 perhaps i should n't be at the front , straff thought suddenly . 
 he turned his horse , then noticed something . 
 an arrow suddenly shot from the midst of the charging koloss . 
 but , koloss did n't use bows . 
 besides , the monsters were still far away , and that object was far too big to be an arrow anyway . 
 a rock , perhaps ? 
 it seemed larger than ... it began to fall down toward straff 's army . 
 straff stared into the sky , riveted by the strange object . 
 it grew more distinct as it fell . 
 it was n't an arrow , nor was it a rock . 
 it was a person-a person with a flapping mistcloak . 
 `` no ! '' 
 straff yelled . 
 she 's supposed to be gone ! 
 vin screamed down from her duralumin-fueled steeljump , massive koloss sword light in her hands . 
 she hit straff directly in the head with the sword , then continued on downward , slamming into the ground , throwing up snow and frozen dirt with the power of her impact . 
 the horse fell into two pieces , front and back . 
 what remained of the former king slid to the ground with the equine corpse . 
 she looked at the remnants , smiled grimly , and bid straff farewell . 
 elend had , after all , warned him what would happen if he attacked the city . 
 straff 's generals and attendants stood around her in a stunned circle . 
 behind her , the koloss army barreled forward , confusion in straff 's ranks making the archer volleys ragged and less effective . 
 vin kept a tight hold on her sword , then pushed outward with a duralumin-enhanced steelpush . 
 riders were thrown , their beasts tripped by their shoes , and soldiers sprayed backward from her in a circle of several dozen yards . 
 men screamed . 
 she downed another vial , restoring both steel and pewter . 
 then she jumped up , seeking out generals and other officers to attack . 
 as she moved , her koloss troops hit the front ranks of straff 's army , and the real carnage began . 
 `` what are they doing ? '' 
 cett asked , hurriedly throwing on his cloak as he was placed and tied into his saddle . 
 `` attacking , apparently , '' said bahmen , one of his aides . 
 `` look ! 
 they 're working with the koloss . '' 
 cett frowned , doing up his cloak clasp . 
 `` a treaty ? '' 
 `` with koloss ? '' 
 bahmen asked . 
 cett shrugged . 
 `` who 's going to win ? '' 
 `` no way to tell , my lord , '' the man said . 
 `` koloss are - '' `` what is this ! '' 
 allrianne demanded , riding up the snowy incline , accompanied by a couple of abashed guards . 
 cett had , of course , ordered them to keep her in the camp-but he had also , of course , expected that she 'd get past them eventually . 
 at least i can count on her to be slowed down by getting ready in the morning , he thought with amusement . 
 she wore one of her dresses , immaculately arranged , her hair done . 
 if a building were burning down , allrianne would still pause to do her makeup before escaping . 
 `` looks like the battle has begun , '' cett said , nodding toward the fighting . 
 `` outside the city ? '' 
 allrianne asked , riding up next to him . 
 then she brightened . 
 `` they 're attacking straff 's position ! '' 
 `` yes , '' cett said . 
 `` and that leaves the city - '' `` we have to help them , father ! '' 
 cett rolled his eyes . 
 `` you know we 're going to do nothing of the sort . 
 we 'll see who wins . 
 if they 're weak enough-which i hope they will be-we 'll attack them . 
 i did n't bring all of my forces back with me , but maybe ... '' he trailed off as he noticed the look in allrianne 's eyes . 
 he opened his mouth to speak , but before he could do so , she kicked her horse into motion . 
 her guards cursed , dashing forward-too late-to try and grab her reins . 
 cett sat , stunned . 
 this was a little insane , even for her . 
 she would n't dare ... she galloped down the hill toward the battle . 
 then she paused , as he had expected . 
 she turned , looking back at him . 
 `` if you want to protect me , father , '' she yelled , `` you 'd better charge ! '' 
 with that , she turned and started galloping again , her horse throwing up puffs of snow . 
 cett did n't move . 
 `` my lord , '' bahmen said . 
 `` those forces look almost evenly matched . 
 fifty thousand men against a force of some twelve thousand koloss and about five thousand men . 
 if we were to add our strength to either side ... '' damn fool girl ! 
 he thought , watching allrianne gallop away . 
 `` my lord ? '' 
 bahmen asked . 
 why did i come to luthadel in the first place ? 
 was it because i really thought i could take the city ? 
 without allomancers , with my homeland in revolt ? 
 or , was it because i was looking for something ? 
 a confirmation of the stories . 
 a power like i saw on that night , when the heir almost killed me . 
 how exactly did they get the koloss to fight with them , anyway ? 
 `` gather our forces ! '' 
 cett commanded . 
 `` we 're marching to the defense of luthadel . 
 and somebody send riders after that fool daughter of mine ! '' 
 sazed rode quietly , his horse moving slowly in the snow . 
 ahead of him , the battle raged , but he was far enough behind it to be out of danger . 
 he 'd left the city behind , where luthadel 's surviving women and elderly watched from the walls . 
 vin had saved them from the koloss . 
 the real miracle would be to see if she could save them from the other two armies . 
 sazed did n't ride into the fight . 
 his metalminds were mostly empty , and his body was nearly as tired as his mind . 
 he simply brought his horse to a halt , its breath puffing in the cold as he sat alone on the snowy plain . 
 he did n't know how to deal with tindwyl 's death . 
 he felt ... hollow . 
 he wished that he could just stop feeling . 
 he wished that he could go back and defend her gate , instead of his own . 
 why had n't he gone in search of her when he 'd heard of the northern gate 's fall ? 
 she 'd still been alive then . 
 he might have been able to protect her ... why did he even care anymore ? 
 why bother ? 
 but , the ones who had faith were right , he thought . 
 vin came back to defend the city . 
 i lost hope , but they never did . 
 he started his horse forward again . 
 the sounds of battle came in the distance . 
 he tried to focus on anything but tindwyl , but his thoughts kept returning to things he had studied with her . 
 the facts and stories became more precious , for they were a link to her . 
 a painful link , but one he could n't bear to discard . 
 the hero of ages was not simply to be a warrior , he thought , still riding slowly toward the battlefield . 
 he was a person who united others , who brought them together . 
 a leader . 
 he knew that vin thought she was the hero . 
 but tindwyl was right : it was too much of a coincidence . 
 and , he was n't even certain what he believed anymore . 
 if anything . 
 the hero of ages was removed from the terris people , he thought , watching the koloss attack . 
 he was not royalty himself , but came to it eventually . 
 sazed pulled his horse up , pausing in the center of the open , empty field . 
 arrows stuck from the snow around him , and the ground was thoroughly trampled . 
 in the distance , he heard a drum . 
 he turned , watching as an army of men marched over a rise to the west . 
 they flew cett 's banner . 
 he commanded the forces of the world . 
 kings rode to his aid . 
 cett 's forces joined the battle against straff . 
 there was a crash of metal against metal , bodies grunting , as a new front came under attack . 
 sazed sat on the field between the city and the armies . 
 vin 's forces were still outnumbered , but as sazed watched , straff 's army began to pull back . 
 it broke into pieces , its members fighting without direction . 
 their movements bespoke terror . 
 she 's killing their generals , he thought . 
 cett was a clever man . 
 he himself rode to battle , but he stayed near the back of his ranks-his infirmities requiring him to remain tied into his saddle and making it difficult for him to fight . 
 still , by joining the battle , he ensured that vin would not turn her koloss on him . 
 for there was really no doubt in sazed 's mind who would win this conflict . 
 indeed , before even an hour had passed , straff 's troops began to surrender in large groups . 
 the sounds of battle died down , and sazed kicked his horse forward . 
 holy first witness , he thought . 
 i do n't know that i believe that . 
 but , either way , i should be there for what happens next . 
 the koloss stopped fighting , standing silently . 
 they parted for sazed as he rode up through their ranks . 
 eventually , he found vin standing , bloodied , her massive koloss sword held on one shoulder . 
 some koloss pulled a man forward-a lord in rich clothing and a silvery breastplate . 
 they dropped him before vin . 
 from behind , penrod approached with an honor guard , led by a koloss . 
 nobody spoke . 
 eventually , the koloss parted again , and this time a suspicious cett rode forward , surrounded by a large group of soldiers and led by a single koloss . 
 cett eyed vin , then scratched his chin . 
 `` not much of a battle , '' he said . 
 `` straff 's soldiers were afraid , '' vin said . 
 `` they 're cold , and they have no desire to fight koloss . '' 
 `` and their leaders ? '' 
 cett asked . 
 `` i killed them , '' vin said . 
 `` except this one . 
 your name ? '' 
 `` lord janarle , '' said straff 's man . 
 his leg appeared broken , and koloss held him by either arm , supporting him . 
 `` straff is dead , '' vin said . 
 `` you control this army now . '' 
 the nobleman bowed his head . 
 `` no , i do n't . 
 you do . '' 
 vin nodded . 
 `` on your knees , '' she said . 
 the koloss dropped janarle . 
 he grunted in pain , but then bowed forward . 
 `` i swear my army to you , '' he whispered . 
 `` no , '' vin said sharply . 
 `` not to me-to the rightful heir of house venture . 
 he is your lord now . '' 
 janarle paused . 
 `` very well , '' he said . 
 `` whatever you wish . 
 i swear loyalty to straff 's son , elend venture . '' 
 the separate groups stood in the cold . 
 sazed turned as vin did , looking at penrod . 
 vin pointed at the ground . 
 penrod quietly dismounted , then bowed himself to the ground . 
 `` i swear as well , '' he said . 
 `` i give my loyalty to elend venture . '' 
 vin turned to lord cett . 
 `` you expect this of me ? '' 
 the bearded man said , amused . 
 `` yes , '' vin said quietly . 
 `` and if i refuse ? '' 
 cett asked . 
 `` then i 'll kill you , '' vin said quietly . 
 `` you brought armies to attack my city . 
 you threatened my people . 
 i wo n't slaughter your soldiers , make them pay for what you did , but i will kill you , cett . '' 
 silence . 
 sazed turned , looking back at the lines of immobile koloss , standing in the bloodied snow . 
 `` that is a threat , you know , '' cett said . 
 `` your own elend would never stand for such a thing . '' 
 `` he 's not here , '' vin said . 
 `` and what do you think he 'd say ? '' 
 cett asked . 
 `` he 'd tell me not to give in to such a demand-the honorable elend venture would never give in simply because someone threatened his life . '' 
 `` you 're not the man that elend is , '' vin said . 
 `` and you know it . '' 
 cett paused , then smiled . 
 `` no . 
 no , i 'm not . '' 
 he turned to his aides . 
 `` help me down . '' 
 vin watched quietly as the guards undid cett 's legs , then lifted him down to the snowy ground . 
 he bowed . 
 `` very well , then . 
 i swear myself to elend venture . 
 he 's welcome to my kingdom ... assuming he can take it back from that damn obligator who now controls it . '' 
 vin nodded , turning to sazed . 
 `` i need your help , sazed . '' 
 `` whatever you command , mistress , '' sazed said quietly . 
 vin paused . 
 `` please do n't call me that . '' 
 `` as you wish , '' sazed said . 
 `` you 're the only one here i trust , sazed , '' vin said , ignoring the three kneeling men . 
 `` with ham wounded and breeze ... '' `` i will do my best , '' sazed said , bowing his head . 
 `` what is it you want me to do ? '' 
 `` secure luthadel , '' vin said . 
 `` make certain the people are sheltered , and send for supplies from straff 's storehouses . 
 get these armies so that they wo n't kill each other , the send a squad to fetch elend . 
 he 'll be coming south on the canal highway . '' 
 sazed nodded , and vin turned to the three kneeling kings . 
 `` sazed is my second . 
 you will obey him as you would elend or myself . '' 
 they each nodded in turn . 
 `` but , where will you be ? '' 
 penrod asked , looking up . 
 vin sighed , suddenly looking terribly weak . 
 `` sleeping , '' she said , and dropped her sword . 
 then she pushed against it , shooting backward into the sky , toward luthadel . 
 he left ruin in his wake , but it was forgotten , sazed thought , turning to watch her fly . 
 he created kingdoms , and then destroyed them as he made the world anew . 
 we had the wrong gender all along . 
 part six words in steel if rashek fails to lead alendi astray , then i have instructed the lad to kill alendi . 
 56 how can vin stand this ? 
 elend wondered . 
 he could barely see twenty feet in the mists . 
 trees appeared as apparitions around him as he walked , their branches curling around the road . 
 the mist almost seemed to live : it moved , swirled , and blew in the cold night air . 
 it snatched up his puffs of breath , as if drawing a piece of him into it . 
 he shivered and kept walking . 
 the snow had melted patchily over the last few days , leaving heaps in shadowed areas . 
 the canal road , thankfully , was mostly clear . 
 he walked with a pack over his shoulder , carrying only the necessities . 
 at spook 's suggestion , they 'd traded their horses at a village several days back . 
 they 'd rode the creatures hard the last few days , and it was spook 's estimation that trying to keep them fed-and alive-for the last leg of their trip to luthadel would n't be worth the effort . 
 besides , whatever was going to happen at the city had likely already occurred . 
 so elend walked , alone , in the darkness . 
 despite the eeriness , he kept his word and traveled only at night . 
 not only was it vin 's will , but spook claimed that night was safer . 
 few travelers braved the mists . 
 therefore , most bandits did n't bother watching roadways at night . 
 spook prowled ahead , his keen senses allowing him to detect danger before elend blundered into it . 
 how does that work , anyway ? 
 elend wondered as he walked . 
 tin is supposed to make you see better . 
 but what does it matter how far you can see , if the mists just obscure everything ? 
 writers claimed that allomancy could help a person pierce the mists , somehow . 
 elend had always wondered what that was like . 
 of course , he had also wondered what it felt like to feel the strength of pewter , or to fight with atium . 
 allomancers were uncommon , even among great houses . 
 yet , because of the way straff had treated him , elend had always felt guilty that he had n't been one . 
 but , i ended up as king eventually , even without allomancy , he thought , smiling to himself . 
 he 'd lost the throne , true . 
 but , while they could take his crown , they could not take away his accomplishments . 
 he 'd proved that an assembly could work . 
 he 'd protected the skaa , given them rights , and a taste of freedom they 'd never forget . 
 he 'd done more than anyone would have expected of him . 
 something rustled in the mists . 
 elend froze , staring out into the darkness . 
 sounds like leaves , he thought nervously . 
 something moving across them ? 
 or ... just the wind blowing them ? 
 he decided at that moment that there was nothing more unnerving than staring into the misty darkness , seeing ever-shifting silhouettes . 
 a part of him would rather face down a koloss army than stand alone , at night , in an unknown forest . 
 `` elend , '' someone whispered . 
 elend spun . 
 he put a hand to his chest as he saw spook approaching . 
 he thought about chastising the boy for sneaking up on him-but , well , there was n't really any other way to approach in the mists . 
 `` did you see something ? '' 
 spook asked quietly . 
 elend shook his head . 
 `` but i think i heard something . '' 
 spook nodded , then darted off into the mists again . 
 elend stood , uncertain whether he should continue on , or just wait . 
 he did n't have to debate for very long . 
 spook returned a few moments later . 
 `` nothing to worry about , '' spook said . 
 `` just a mistwraith . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 elend asked . 
 `` mistwraith , '' spook said . 
 `` you know . 
 big goopy things ? 
 related to kandra ? 
 do n't tell me you have n't read about them ? '' 
 `` i have , '' elend said , nervously scanning the darkness . 
 `` but , i never thought i 'd be out in the mists with one . '' 
 spook shrugged . 
 `` it 's probably just following our scent , hoping that we 'll leave some trash for it to eat . 
 the things are harmless , mostly . '' 
 `` mostly ? '' 
 elend asked . 
 `` you probably know more about them than i do . 
 look , i did n't come back here to chat about scavengers . 
 there 's light up ahead . '' 
 `` a village ? '' 
 elend asked , thinking back to when they 'd come this way before . 
 spook shook his head . 
 `` looks like watchfires . '' 
 `` an army ? '' 
 `` maybe . 
 i 'm just thinking you should wait behind for a bit . 
 it could be awkward if you wander into a scout post . '' 
 `` agreed , '' elend said . 
 spook nodded , then took off into the mists . 
 and elend was alone in the darkness again . 
 he shivered , pulling his cloak close , and eyed the mists in the direction from which he 'd heard the mistwraith . 
 yes , he 'd read about them . 
 he knew they were supposed to be harmless . 
 but the thought of something crawling out there-its skeleton made from random sets of bones-watching him ... do n't focus on that , elend told himself . 
 he turned his attention , instead , to the mists . 
 vin was right about one thing , at least . 
 they were lingering longer and longer despite the sunrise . 
 some mornings , they remained a full hour after the sun came up . 
 he could easily imagine the disaster that would befall the land should the mists persist all day . 
 crops would fail , animals would starve , and civilization would collapse . 
 could the deepness really be something so simple ? 
 elend 's own impressions of the deepness were seated in scholarly tradition . 
 some writers dismissed the entire thing as a legend-a rumor used by the obligators to enhance their god 's aura of divinity . 
 the majority accepted the historical definition of the deepness-a dark monster that had been slain by the lord ruler . 
 and yet , thinking of it as the mist made some sense . 
 how could a single beast , no matter how dangerous , threaten an entire land ? 
 the mists , though ... they could be destructive . 
 kill plants . 
 perhaps even ... kill people , as sazed had suggested ? 
 he eyed it shifting around him , playful , deceptive . 
 yes , he could see it as the deepness . 
 its reputation-more frightening than a monster , more dangerous than an army-was one it would deserve . 
 in fact , watching it as he was , he could see it trying to play tricks on his mind . 
 for instance , the mist bank directly in front of him seemed to be forming shapes . 
 elend smiled as his mind picked out images in the mists . 
 one almost looked like a person standing there , in front of him . 
 the person stepped forward . 
 elend jumped , taking a slight step backward , his foot crunching on a bit of ice-crusted snow . 
 do n't be silly , he told himself . 
 your mind is playing tricks on you . 
 there 's nothing - the shape in the mists took another step forward . 
 it was indistinct , almost formless , and yet it seemed real . 
 random movements in the mists outlined its face , its body , its legs . 
 `` lord ruler ! '' 
 elend yelped , jumping back . 
 the thing continued to regard him . 
 i 'm going mad , he thought , hands beginning to shake . 
 the mist figure stopped a few feet in front of him and then raised its right arm and pointed . 
 north . 
 away from luthadel . 
 elend frowned , glancing in the direction the figure pointed . 
 there was nothing but more empty mists . 
 he turned back toward it , but it stood quietly , arm upraised . 
 vin spoke of this thing , he remembered , forcing down his fear . 
 she tried to tell me about it . 
 and i thought she was making things up ! 
 she was right-just as she 'd been right about the mists staying longer in the day , and the possibility of the mists being the deepness . 
 he was beginning to wonder which of them was the scholar . 
 the mist figure continued to point . 
 `` what ? '' 
 elend asked , his own voice sounding haunting in the silent air . 
 it stepped forward , arm still raised . 
 elend put a useless hand to his sword , but held his ground . 
 `` tell me what you wish of me ! '' 
 he said forcefully . 
 the thing pointed again . 
 elend cocked his head . 
 it certainly did n't seem threatening . 
 in fact , he felt an unnatural feeling of peace coming from it . 
 allomancy ? 
 he thought . 
 it 's pulling on my emotions ! 
 `` elend ? '' 
 spook 's voice drifted out of the mists . 
 the figure suddenly dissolved , its form melting into the mists . 
 spook approached , his face dark and shadowed in the night . 
 `` elend ? 
 what were you saying ? '' 
 elend took his hand off his sword , standing upright . 
 he eyed the mists , still not completely convinced that he was n't seeing things . 
 `` nothing , '' he said . 
 spook glanced back the way he had come . 
 `` you should come look at this . '' 
 `` the army ? '' 
 elend asked , frowning . 
 spook shook his head . 
 `` no . 
 the refugees . '' 
 `` the keepers are dead , my lord , '' the old man said , sitting across from elend . 
 he did n't have a tent , only a blanket stretched between several poles . 
 `` either dead , or captured . '' 
 another man brought elend a cup of warm tea , his demeanor servile . 
 both wore the robes of stewards , and while their eyes bespoke exhaustion , their robes and hands were clean . 
 old habits , elend thought , nodding thankfully and taking a sip of the tea . 
 terris 's people might have declared themselves independent , but a thousand years of servitude can not be so easily thrown off . 
 the camp was an odd place . 
 spook said he counted nearly a thousand people in it-a nightmare of a number to care for , feed , and organize in the cold winter . 
 many were elderly , and the men were mostly stewards : eunuchs bred for genteel service , with no experience in hunting . 
 `` tell me what happened , '' elend said . 
 the elderly steward nodded , his head shaking . 
 he did n't seem particularly frail-actually , he had that same air of controlled dignity that most stewards exhibited-but his body had a slow , chronic tremble . 
 `` the synod came out into the open , my lord , once the empire fell . '' 
 he accepted a cup of his own , but elend noticed that it was only half full-a precaution that proved wise as the elderly steward 's shaking nearly spilled its contents . 
 `` they became our rulers . 
 perhaps it was not wise to reveal themselves so soon . '' 
 not all terrismen were feruchemists ; in fact , very few were . 
 the keepers-people like sazed and tindwyl-had been forced into hiding long ago by the lord ruler . 
 his paranoia that feruchemical and allomantic lines might mix-thereby potentially producing a person with his same powers-had led him to try and destroy all feruchemists . 
 `` i 've known keepers , friend , '' elend said softly . 
 `` i find it hard to believe that they could have been easily defeated . 
 who did this ? '' 
 `` steel inquisitors , my lord , '' the old man said . 
 elend shivered . 
 so that 's where they 've been . 
 `` there were dozens of them , my lord , '' the old man said . 
 `` they attacked ththingdwen with an army of koloss brutes . 
 but , that was just a distraction , i think . 
 their real goal as the synod and the keepers themselves . 
 while our army , such as it was , fought the beasts , the inquisitors themselves struck at the keepers . '' 
 lord ruler ... elend thought , stomach twisting . 
 so , what do we do with the book sazed told us to deliver to the synod ? 
 do we pass it on to these men , or keep it ? 
 `` they took the bodies with them , my lord , '' the old man said . 
 `` terris is in ruins , and that is why we are going south . 
 you said you know king venture ? '' 
 `` i. . . 
 have met him , '' elend said . 
 `` he ruled luthadel , where i am from . '' 
 `` will he take us in , do you think ? '' 
 the old man asked . 
 `` we have little hope anymore . 
 tathingdwen was the terris capital , but even it was n't large . 
 we are few , these days-the lord ruler saw to that . '' 
 `` i. . . 
 do not know if luthadel can help you , friend . '' 
 `` we can serve well , '' the old man promised . 
 `` we were prideful to declare ourselves free , i think . 
 we struggled to survive even before the inquisitors attacked . 
 perhaps they did us a favor by casting us out . '' 
 elend shook his head . 
 `` koloss attacked luthadel just over a week ago , '' he said quietly . 
 `` i am a refugee myself , master steward . 
 for all i know , the city itself has fallen . '' 
 the old man fell silent . 
 `` ah , i see , '' he finally said . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' elend said . 
 `` i was traveling back to see what happened . 
 tell me-i traveled this way not long ago . 
 how is it that i missed you in my journey north ? '' 
 `` we did n't come by the canal route , my lord , '' the old man said . 
 `` we cut across country , straight down , so that we could gather supplies at suringshath . 
 you ... have no further word of events at luthadel , then ? 
 there was a senior keeper in residence there . 
 we were hoping , perhaps , to seek her counsel . '' 
 `` lady tindwyl ? '' 
 elend asked . 
 the old man perked up . 
 `` yes . 
 you know her ? '' 
 `` she was an attendant at the king 's court , '' elend said . 
 `` keeper tindwyl could be considered our leader now , i think , '' the old man said . 
 `` we are n't certain how many traveling keepers there are , but she is the only known member of the synod who was out of the city when we were attacked . '' 
 `` she was still in luthadel when i left , '' elend said . 
 `` then she might live still , '' the old man said . 
 `` we can hope , i think . 
 i thank you , traveler , for your information . 
 please , make yourself comfortable in our camp . '' 
 elend nodded , rising . 
 spook stood a short distance away , in the mists near a pair of trees . 
 elend joined him . 
 the people kept large fires burning in the night , as if to defy the mists . 
 the light did some good in dispelling the mists ' power-and yet the light seemed to accentuate them as well , creating three-dimensional shadows that bewildered the eye . 
 spook leaned against the scraggly tree trunk , looking around at things elend could n't see . 
 elend could hear , however , some of what spook must be inspecting . 
 crying children . 
 coughing men . 
 shuffling livestock . 
 `` it does n't look good , does it ? '' 
 elend said quietly . 
 spook shook his head . 
 `` i wish they 'd take down all these fires , '' he muttered . 
 `` the light hurts my eyes . '' 
 elend glanced to the side . 
 `` they are n't that bright . '' 
 spook shrugged . 
 `` they 're just wasting wood . '' 
 `` forgive them their comfort , for now . 
 they 'll have little enough of it in the weeks to come . '' 
 elend paused , looking over at a passing squad of terris `` soldiers '' - a group of men who were obviously stewards . 
 their posture was excellent , and they walked with a smooth grace , but elend doubted they knew how to use any weapons beyond a cooking knife . 
 no , there is no army in terris to help my people . 
 `` you sent vin back to gather our allies , '' spook said quietly . 
 `` to bring them up to meet with us , perhaps to seek refuge in terris . '' 
 `` i know , '' elend said . 
 `` we ca n't gather in terris , though , '' spook said . 
 `` not with the inquisitors up there . '' 
 `` i know , '' elend said again . 
 spook was silent for a moment . 
 `` the whole world is falling apart , el , '' he finally said . 
 `` terris , luthadel ... '' `` luthadel has not been destroyed , '' elend said , looking sharply at spook . 
 `` the koloss - '' `` vin will have found a way to stop them , '' elend said . 
 `` for all we know , she already found the power at the well of ascension . 
 we need to keep going . 
 we can , and will , rebuild whatever was lost . 
 then we 'll worry about helping terris . '' 
 spook paused , then nodded and smiled . 
 elend was surprised to see how much his confident words seemed to soothe the boy 's concerns . 
 spook leaned back , eyeing elend 's still steaming cup of tea , and elend handed it over with a mumble that he did n't like heartroot tea . 
 spook drank happily . 
 elend , however , found matters more troubling than he 'd admitted . 
 the deepness returning , ghosts in the mist , and inquisitors making a play for the terris dominance . 
 what else have i been ignoring ? 
 it is a distant hope . 
 alendi has survived assassins , wars , and catastrophes . 
 and yet , i hope that in the frozen mountains of terris , he may finally be exposed . 
 i hope for a miracle . 
 57 `` look , we all know what we need to do , '' cett said , pounding the table . 
 `` we 've got our armies here , ready and willing to fight . 
 now , let 's go get my damn country back ! '' 
 `` the empress gave us no command to do such a thing , '' janarle said , sipping his tea , completely unfazed by cett 's lack of decorum . 
 `` i , personally , think that we should wait at least until the emperor returns . '' 
 penrod , the oldest of the men in the room , had enough tact to look sympathetic . 
 `` i understand that you are concerned for your people , lord cett . 
 but we have n't even had a week to rebuild luthadel . 
 it is far too early to be worrying about expanding our influence . 
 we can not possibly authorize these preparations . '' 
 `` oh , leave off , penrod , '' cett snapped . 
 `` you 're not in charge of us . '' 
 all three men turned to sazed . 
 he felt very awkward , sitting at the head of the table in keep venture 's conference chamber . 
 aides and attendants , including some of dockson 's bureaucrats , stood at the perimeter of the sparse room , but only the three rulers-now kings beneath elend 's imperial rule-sat with sazed at the table . 
 `` i think that we should not be hasty , lord cett , '' sazed said . 
 `` this is n't haste , '' cett said , pounding the table again . 
 `` i just want to order scout and spy reports , so that we can have information we need when we invade ! '' 
 `` if we do invade , '' janarle said . 
 `` if the emperor decides to recover fadrex city , it wo n't happen until this summer , at the very earliest . 
 we have far more pressing concerns . 
 my armies have been away from the northern dominance for too long . 
 it is basic political theory that we should stabilize what we have before we move into new territory . '' 
 `` bah ! '' 
 cett said , waving an indifferent hand . 
 `` you may send your scouts , lord cett , '' sazed said . 
 `` but they are to seek information only . 
 they are to engage in no raids , no matter how tempting the opportunity . '' 
 cett shook a bearded head . 
 `` this is why i never bothered to play political games with the rest of the final empire . 
 nothing gets done because everyone is too busy scheming ! '' 
 `` there is much to be said for subtlety , lord cett , '' penrod said . 
 `` patience brings the greater prize . '' 
 `` greater prize ? '' 
 cett asked . 
 `` what did the central dominance earn itself by waiting ? 
 you waited right up until the moment that your city fell ! 
 if you had n't been the ones with the best mistborn ... '' `` best mistborn , my lord ? '' 
 sazed asked quietly . 
 `` did you not see her take command of the koloss ? 
 did you not see her leap across the sky like an arrow in flight ? 
 lady vin is n't simply the ` best mistborn . ' '' 
 the group fell silent . 
 i have to keep them focused on her , sazed thought . 
 without vin 's leadership-without the threat of her power-this coalition would dissolve in three heartbeats . 
 he felt so inadequate . 
 he could n't keep the men on-topic , and he could n't do much to help them with their various problems . 
 he could just keep reminding them of vin 's power . 
 the trouble was , he did n't really want to . 
 he was feeling something very odd in himself , feelings he usually did n't have . 
 disconcern . 
 apathy . 
 why did anything that these men talked about matter ? 
 why did anything matter , now that tindwyl was dead ? 
 he gritted his teeth , trying to force himself to focus . 
 `` very well , '' cett said , waving a hand . 
 `` i 'll send the scouts . 
 has that food arrived from urteau yet , janarle ? '' 
 the younger nobleman grew uncomfortable . 
 `` we ... may have trouble with that , my lord . 
 it seems that an unwholesome element has been rabble-rousing in the city . '' 
 `` no wonder you want to send troops back to the northern dominance ! '' 
 cett accused . 
 `` you 're planning to conquer your kingdom back and leave mine to rot ! '' 
 `` urteau is much closer than your capital , cett , '' janarle said , turning back to his tea . 
 `` it only makes sense to set me up there before we turn our attention westward . '' 
 `` we will let the empress make that decision , '' penrod said . 
 he liked to act the mediator-and by doing so , he made himself seem above the issues . 
 in essence , he put himself in control by putting himself in between the other two . 
 not all that different from what elend tried to do , sazed thought , with our armies . 
 the boy had more of a sense of political strategy than tindwyl had ever credited him with . 
 i should n't think about her , he told himself , closing his eyes . 
 yet , it was hard not to . 
 everything sazed did , everything he thought , seemed wrong because she was gone . 
 lights seemed dimmer . 
 motivations were more difficult to reach . 
 he found that he had trouble even wanting to pay attention to the kings , let alone give them direction . 
 it was foolish , he knew . 
 how long had tindwyl been back in his life ? 
 only a few months . 
 long ago , he had resigned himself to the fact that he would never be loved-in general-and that he certainly would never have her love . 
 not only did he lack manhood , but he was a rebel and a dissident-a man well outside of the terris orthodoxy . 
 surely her love for him had been a miracle . 
 yet , whom did he thank for that blessing , and whom did he thank for that blessing , and whom did he curse for stealing her away ? 
 he knew of hundreds of gods . 
 he would hate them all , if he thought it would do any good . 
 for the sake of his own sanity , he forced himself to get distracted by the kings again . 
 `` listen , '' penrod was saying , leaning forward , arms on the tabletop . 
 `` i think we 're looking at this the wrong way , gentlemen . 
 we should n't be squabbling , we should be happy . 
 we are in a very unique position . 
 in the time since the lord ruler 's empire fell , dozens-perhaps hundreds-of men have tried to set themselves up as kings in various ways . 
 the one thing they shared , however , was that they all lacked stability . 
 `` well , it appears that we are going to be forced to work together . 
 i am starting to see this in a favorable light . 
 i will give my allegiance to the venture couple-i 'll even live with elend venture 's eccentric views of government-if it means that i 'll still be in power ten years from now . '' 
 cett scratched at his beard for a moment , then nodded . 
 `` you make a good point , penrod . 
 maybe the first good one i 've ever heard out of you . '' 
 `` but we ca n't continue trying to assume that we know what we are to do , '' janarle said . 
 `` we need direction . 
 surviving the next ten years , i suspect , is going to depend heavily on my not ending up dead on the end of that mistborn girl 's knife . '' 
 `` indeed , '' penrod said , nodding curtly . 
 `` master terrisman . 
 when can we expect the empress to take command again ? '' 
 once again , all three pairs of eyes turned to sazed . 
 i do n't really care , sazed thought , then immediately felt guilty . 
 vin was his friend . 
 he did care . 
 even if it was hard to care about anything for him . 
 he looked down in shame . 
 `` lady vin is suffering greatly from the effects of an extended pewter drag , '' he said . 
 `` she pushed herself very hard this last year , and then ended it by running all the way back to luthadel . 
 she is in great need of rest . 
 i think we should let her be for a time longer . '' 
 the others nodded , and returned to their discussion . 
 sazed 's mind , however , turned to vin . 
 he 'd understated her malady , and he was beginning to worry . 
 a pewter drag drained the body , and he suspected that she 'd been forcing herself to stay awake with the metal for months now . 
 when a keeper stored up wakefulness , he slept as if in a coma for a time . 
 he could only hope that the effects of such a terrible pewter drag were the same , for vin had n't awoken a single time since her return a week before . 
 perhaps she 'd awake soon , like a keeper who came out of sleep . 
 perhaps it would last longer . 
 her koloss army waited outside the city , controlled-apparently-even though she was unconscious . 
 but for how long ? 
 pewter dragging could kill , if the person had pushed themselves too hard . 
 what would happen to the city if she never woke up ? 
 ash was falling . 
 a lot of ashfalls lately , elend thought as he and spook emerged from the trees and looked out over the luthadel plain . 
 `` see , '' spook said quietly , pointing . 
 `` the city gates are broken . '' 
 elend frowned . 
 `` but the koloss are camped outside the city . '' 
 indeed , straff 's army camp was also still there , right where it had been . 
 `` work crews , '' spook said , shading his face against the sunlight to protect his overly sensitive allomancer 's eyes . 
 `` looks like they 're burying corpses outside the city . '' 
 elend 's frown deepened . 
 vin . 
 what happened to her ? 
 is she all right ? 
 he and spook had cut across country , taking a cue from the terrismen , to make certain that they did n't get discovered by patrols from the city . 
 indeed , this day they 'd broken their pattern , traveling a little bit during the day so that they could arrive at luthadel just before nightfall . 
 the mists would soon be coming , and elend was fatigued-both from rising early and from walking so long . 
 more than that , he was tired of not knowing what had happened to luthadel . 
 `` can you see whose flag is set over the gates ? '' 
 he asked . 
 spook paused , apparently flaring his metals . 
 `` yours , '' he finally said , surprised . 
 elend smiled . 
 well , either they managed to save the city somehow , or this is a very elaborate trap to capture me . 
 `` come on , '' he said , pointing to a line of refugees who were being allowed back into the city-likely those who had fled before , returning for food now that the danger was past . 
 `` we 'll mix with those and make our way in . '' 
 sazed sighed quietly , shutting the door to his room . 
 the kings were finished with the day 's arguments . 
 actually , they were starting to get along quite well , considering the fact that they 'd all tried to conquer each other just a few weeks before . 
 sazed knew he could take no credit for their newfound amiability , however . 
 he had other preoccupations . 
 i 've seen many die , in my days , he thought , walking into the room . 
 kelsier . 
 jadendwyl . 
 crenda . 
 people i respected . 
 i never wondered what had happened to their spirits . 
 he set his candle on the table , the fragile light illuminating a few scattered pages , a pile of strange metal nails taken from koloss bodies , and one manuscript . 
 sazed sat down at the table , fingers brushing the pages , remembering the days spent with tindwyl , studying . 
 maybe this is why vin put me in charge , he thought . 
 she knew i 'd need something to take my mind off tindwyl . 
 and yet , he was finding more and more that he did n't want to take his mind off her . 
 which was more potent ? 
 the pain of memory , or the pain of forgetting ? 
 he was a keeper-it was his life 's work to remember . 
 forgetting , even in the name of personal peace , was not something that appealed to him . 
 he flipped through the manuscript , smiling fondly in the dark chamber . 
 he 'd sent a cleaned-up , rewritten version with vin and elend to the north . 
 this , however , was the original . 
 the frantically-almost desperately-scribbled manuscript made by two frightened scholars . 
 as he fingered the pages , the flickering candlelight revealed tindwyl 's firm , yet beautiful , script . 
 it mixed easily with paragraphs written in sazed 's own , more reserved hand . 
 at times , a page would alternate between their different hands a dozen different times . 
 he did n't realize that he was crying until he blinked , sending loose a tear , which hit the page . 
 he looked down , stunned as the bit of water caused a swirl in the ink . 
 `` what now , tindwyl ? '' 
 he whispered . 
 `` why did we do this ? 
 you never believed in the hero of ages , and i never believed in anything , it appears . 
 what was the point of all this ? '' 
 he reached up and dabbed the tear with his sleeve , preserving the page as best he could . 
 despite his tiredness , he began to read , selecting a random paragraph . 
 he read to remember . 
 to think of days when he had n't worried about why they were studying . 
 he had simply been content to do what he enjoyed best , with the person he had come to love most . 
 we gathered everything we could find on the hero of ages and the deepness , he thought , reading . 
 but so much of it seems contradictory . 
 he flipped through to a particular section , one that tindwyl had insisted that they include . 
 it contained the several most blatant self-contradictions , as declared by tindwyl . 
 he read them over , giving them fair consideration for the first time . 
 this was tindwyl the scholar-a cautious skeptic . 
 he fingered through the passages , reading her script . 
 the hero of ages will be tall of stature , one read . 
 a man who can not be ignored by others . 
 the power must not be taken , read another . 
 of this , we are certain . 
 it must be held , but not used . 
 it must be released . 
 tindwyl had found that condition foolish , since other sections talked about the hero using the power to defeat the deepness . 
 all men are selfish , read another . 
 the hero is a man who can see the needs of all beyond his own desires . 
 `` if all men are selfish , '' tindwyl had asked , `` then how can the hero be selfless , as is said in other passages ? 
 and , indeed , how can a humble man be expected to conquer the world ? '' 
 sazed shook his head , smiling . 
 at times , her objections had been very well conceived-but at other times , she had just been struggling to offer another opinion , no matter how much of a stretch it required . 
 he ran his fingers across the page again , but paused on the first paragraph . 
 tall of stature , it said . 
 that would n't refer to vin . 
 it had n't come from the rubbing , but another book . 
 tindwyl had included it because the rubbing , the more trustworthy source , said he 'd be short . 
 sazed flipped through the book to the complete transcription of kwaan 's iron-plate testimony , searching for the passage . 
 alendi 's height struck me the first time i saw him , it read . 
 here was a man who was small of stature , but who seemed to tower over others , a man who demanded respect . 
 sazed frowned . 
 before , he 'd argued that there was no contradiction , for one passage could be interpreted as referring to the hero 's presence or character , rather than just his physical height . 
 now , however , sazed paused , really seeing tindwyl 's objections for the first time . 
 and something felt wrong to him . 
 he looked back at his book , scanning the contents of the page . 
 there was a place for me in the lore of the anticipation , he read . 
 i thought myself the holy first witness , the prophet foretold to discover the hero of ages . 
 renouncing alendi then would have been to renounce my new position , my acceptance , by the others . 
 sazed 's frown deepened . 
 he traced the paragraph . 
 outside , it was growing dark , and a few trails of mist curled around the shutters , creeping into the room before vanishing . 
 holy first witness , he read again . 
 how did i miss that ? 
 it 's the same name the people called me , back at the gates . 
 i did n't recognize it . 
 `` sazed . '' 
 sazed jumped , nearly toppling his book to the floor as he turned . 
 vin stood behind him , a dark shadow in the poorly lit room . 
 `` lady vin ! 
 you 're up ! '' 
 `` you should n't have let me sleep so long , '' she said . 
 `` we tried to wake you , '' he said softly . 
 `` you were in a coma . '' 
 she paused . 
 `` perhaps it is for the best , lady vin , '' sazed said . 
 `` the fighting is done , and you pushed yourself hard these last few months . 
 it is good for you to get some rest , now that this is over . '' 
 she stepped forward , shaking her head , and sazed could see that she looked haggard , despite her days of rest . 
 `` no , sazed , '' she said . 
 `` this is not ` over . ' 
 not by far . '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 sazed asked , growing concerned . 
 `` i can still hear it in my head , '' vin said , raising a hand to her forehead . 
 `` it 's here . 
 in the city . '' 
 `` the well of ascension ? '' 
 sazed asked . 
 `` but , lady vin , i lied about that . 
 truly and apologetically , i do n't even know if there is such a thing . '' 
 `` do you believe me to be the hero of ages ? '' 
 sazed looked away . 
 `` a few days ago , on the field outside the city , i felt certain . 
 but ... lately ... i do n't seem to know what i believe anymore . 
 the prophecies and stories are a jumble of contradictions . '' 
 `` this is n't about prophecies , '' vin said , walking over to his table and looking at his book . 
 `` this is about what needs to be done . 
 i can feel it ... pulling me . '' 
 she glanced at the closed window , with the mists curling at the edges . 
 then , she walked over and threw the shutters open , letting in the cold winter air . 
 vin stood , closing her eyes and letting the mists wash over her . 
 she wore only a simple shirt and trousers . 
 `` i drew upon it once , sazed , '' she said . 
 `` do you know that ? 
 did i tell you ? 
 when i fought the lord ruler . 
 i drew power from the mists . 
 that 's how i defeated him . '' 
 sazed shivered , not just from the cold . 
 from the tone in her voice , and the air of her words . 
 `` lady vin ... '' he said , but was n't sure how to continue . 
 drew upon the mists ? 
 what did she mean ? 
 `` the well is here , '' she repeated , looking out the window , mist curling into the room . 
 `` it ca n't be , lady vin , '' sazed said . 
 `` all of the reports agree . 
 the well of ascension was found in the terris mountains . '' 
 vin shook her head . 
 `` he changed the world , sazed . '' 
 he paused , frowning . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` the lord ruler , '' she whispered . 
 `` he created the ashmounts . 
 the records say he made the vast deserts around the empire , that he broke the land in order to preserve it . 
 why should we assume that things look like they did when he first climbed to the well ? 
 he created mountains . 
 why could n't he have flattened them ? '' 
 sazed felt a chill . 
 `` it 's what i would do , '' vin said . 
 `` if i knew the power would return , if i wanted to preserve it . 
 i 'd hide the well . 
 i 'd let the legends remain , talking about mountains to the north . 
 then , i would build my city around the well so that i could keep an eye on it . '' 
 she turned , looking at him . 
 `` it 's here . 
 the power waits . '' 
 sazed opened his mouth to object , but could find nothing . 
 he had no faith . 
 who was he to argue with such things ? 
 as he paused , he heard voices below , from outside . 
 voices ? 
 he thought . 
 at night ? 
 in the mists ? 
 curious , he strained to hear what was being said , but they were too far away . 
 he reached into the bag beside his table . 
 most of his metalminds were empty ; he wore only his copperminds , with their stores of ancient knowledge . 
 inside the sack , he found a small pouch . 
 it contained the ten rings he had prepared for the siege , but had never used . 
 he pulled it open , took out one of the ten , then tucked the bag into his sash . 
 with this ring-a tinmind-he could tap hearing . 
 the words below became distinct to him . 
 `` the king ! 
 the king has returned ! '' 
 vin leaped out the window . 
 `` i do n't fully understand how she does it either , el , '' ham said , walking with his arm in a sling . 
 elend walked through the city streets , people trailing behind him , speaking in excited tones . 
 the crowd was growing larger and larger as people heard that elend had returned . 
 spook eyed them uncertainly , but seemed to be enjoying the attention . 
 `` i was out cold for the last part of the battle , '' ham was saying . 
 `` only pewter kept me alive-koloss slaughtered my team , breached the walls of the keep i was defending . 
 i got out , and found sazed , but my mind was growing muddled by then . 
 i remember falling unconscious outside keep hasting . 
 when i woke up , vin had already taken the city back . 
 i. . . '' 
 they paused . 
 vin stood in front of them in the city street . 
 quiet , dark . 
 in the mists , she almost looked like the spirit elend had seen earlier . 
 `` vin ? '' 
 he asked in the eerie air . 
 `` elend , '' she said , rushing forward , into his arms , and the air of mystery was gone . 
 she shivered as she held him . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i think i did something bad . '' 
 `` oh ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` what is that ? '' 
 `` i made you emperor . '' 
 elend smiled . 
 `` i noticed , and i accept . '' 
 `` after all you did to make certain the people had a choice ? '' 
 elend shook his head . 
 `` i 'm beginning to think my opinions were simplistic . 
 honorable , but ... incomplete . 
 we 'll deal with this . 
 i 'm just glad to find that my city is still standing . '' 
 vin smiled . 
 she looked tired . 
 `` vin ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` are you still pewter-dragging ? '' 
 `` no , '' she said . 
 `` this is something else . '' 
 she glanced to the side , face thoughtful , as if deciding something . 
 `` come , '' she said . 
 sazed watched out the window , a second tinmind enhancing his sight . 
 it was indeed elend below . 
 sazed smiled , one of the weights on his soul removed . 
 he turned , intending to go and meet the king . 
 and then he saw something blowing on the floor in front of him . 
 a scrap of paper . 
 he knelt down , picking it up , noticing his own handwriting on it . 
 its edges were jagged from having been ripped . 
 he frowned , walking over to his table , opening the book to the page with kwaan 's narrative . 
 a piece was missing . 
 the same piece as before , the one that had been ripped free that time with tindwyl . 
 he 'd almost forgotten the strange occurrence with the pages all missing the same sentence . 
 he 'd rewritten this page , from his metalmind , after they 'd found the torn sheets . 
 now the same bit had been torn free , the last sentence . 
 just to make certain , he put it up next to his book . 
 it fit perfectly . 
 alendi must not reach the well of ascension , it read , for he must not be allowed to take the power for himself . 
 it was the exact wording sazed had in his memory , the exact wording of the rubbing . 
 why would kwaan have worried about this ? 
 he thought , sitting down . 
 he says he knew alendi better than anyone else . 
 in fact , he called alendi an honorable man on several occasions . 
 why would kwaan be so worried about alendi taking the power for himself ? 
 vin walked through the mists . 
 elend , ham , and spook trailed behind her , the crowd dispersed by elend 's order-though some soldiers did stay close to protect elend . 
 vin continued on , feeling the pulsings , the thumpings , the power that shook her very soul . 
 why could n't the others feel it ? 
 `` vin ? '' 
 elend asked . 
 `` where are we going ? '' 
 `` kredik shaw , '' she said softly . 
 `` but ... why ? '' 
 she just shook her head . 
 she knew the truth , now . 
 the well was in the city . 
 with how strong the pulsings were growing , she might have assumed that their direction would be harder to discern . 
 but that was n't the way it was at all . 
 now that they were loud and full , she found it easier . 
 elend glanced back at the others , and she could sense his concern . 
 up ahead , kredik shaw loomed in the night . 
 spires , like massive spikes , jutted from the ground in an off-balance pattern , reaching accusingly toward the stars above . 
 `` vin , '' elend said . 
 `` the mists are acting ... strangely . '' 
 `` i know , '' she said . 
 `` they 're guiding me . '' 
 `` no , actually , '' elend said . 
 `` they kind of look like they 're pulling away from you . '' 
 vin shook her head . 
 this felt right . 
 how could she explain ? 
 together , they entered the remnants of the lord ruler 's palace . 
 the well was here all along , vin thought , amused . 
 she could feel the pulses vibrating through the building . 
 why had n't she noticed it before ? 
 the pulses were still too weak , then , she realized . 
 the well was n't full yet . 
 now it is . 
 and it called to her . 
 she followed the same path as before . 
 the path she 'd followed with kelsier , breaking into kredik shaw on a doomful night when she had nearly died . 
 the path she 'd followed on her own , the night she had come to kill the lord ruler . 
 the tight stone corridors opened into the room shaped like an upside-down bowl . 
 elend 's lantern glistened against the fine stonework and murals , mostly in black and gray . 
 the stone shack stood in the center of the room , abandoned , enclosed . 
 `` i think we 're finally going to find your atium , elend , '' vin said , smiling . 
 `` what ? '' 
 elend said , his voice echoing in the chamber . 
 `` vin , we searched here . 
 we tried everything . '' 
 `` not enough , apparently , '' vin said , eyeing the small building-within-a-building , but not moving toward it . 
 this is where i 'd put it , she thought . 
 it makes sense . 
 the lord ruler would have wanted to keep the well close so that when the power returned , he 'd be able to take it . 
 but i killed him before that could happen . 
 the booming came from below . 
 they 'd torn up sections of the floor , but had stopped when they 'd hit solid rock . 
 there had to be a way down . 
 she walked over , searching through the building-within-a-building , but found nothing . 
 she left , passing her confused friends , frustrated . 
 then she tried burning her metals . 
 as always , the blue lines shot up around her , pointing to sources of metal . 
 elend was wearing several , as was spook , though ham was clean . 
 some of the stonework bore metal inlays , and lines pointed to those . 
 everything was as expected . 
 there was nothing ... vin frowned , stepping to the side . 
 one of the inlays bore a particularly thick line . 
 too thick , in fact . 
 she frowned , inspecting the line as it-like the others-pointed from her chest directly at the stone wall . 
 this one seemed to be pointing beyond the wall . 
 what ? 
 she pulled on it . 
 nothing happened . 
 so , she pulled harder , grunting as she was yanked toward the wall . 
 she released the line , glancing about . 
 there were inlays on the floor . 
 deep ones . 
 curious , she anchored herself by pulling on these , then pulled on the wall again . 
 she thought she felt something budge . 
 she burned duralumin and pulled as hard as she could . 
 the explosion of power nearly ripped her apart , but her anchor held , and duralumin-fueled pewter kept her alive . 
 and a section of the wall slid open , stone grinding against stone in the quiet room . 
 vin gasped , letting go as her metals ran out . 
 `` lord ruler ! '' 
 spook said . 
 ham was quicker , however , moving with the speed of pewter and peeking into the opening . 
 elend stayed at her side , grabbing her arm as she nearly fell . 
 `` i 'm fine , '' vin said , downing a vial and restoring her metals . 
 the power of the well thumped around her . 
 it almost seemed to shake the room . 
 `` there are stairs in here , '' ham said , poking his head back out . 
 vin steadied herself and nodded to elend , and the two of them followed ham and spook through the false section of the wall . 
 but , i must continue with the sparsest of detail , kwaan 's account read . 
 space is limited . 
 the other worldbringers must have thought themselves humble when they came to me , admitting that they had been wrong about alendi . 
 even then , i was beginning to doubt my original declaration . 
 but , i was prideful . 
 in the end , my pride may have doomed us all . 
 i had never received much attention from my brethren ; they thought that my work and my interests were unsuitable to a worldbringer . 
 the could n't see how my studies , which focused on nature instead of religion , benefited the people of the fourteen lands . 
 as the one who found alendi , however , i became someone important . 
 foremost among the worldbringers . 
 there was a place for me in the lore of the anticipation-i thought myself the holy first witness , the prophet foretold to discover the hero of ages . 
 renouncing alendi then would have been to renounce my new position , my acceptance , by the others . 
 and so i did not . 
 but i do so now . 
 let it be known that i , kwaan , worldbringer of terris , am a fraud . 
 alendi was never the hero of ages . 
 at best , i have amplified his virtues , creating a hero where there was none . 
 at worst , i fear that i have corrupted all we believe . 
 sazed sat at his table , reading from his book . 
 something is not right here , he thought . 
 he traced back a few lines , looking at the words `` holy first witness '' again . 
 why did that line keep bothering him ? 
 he sat back , sighing . 
 even if the prophecies did speak about the future , they would n't be things to follow or use as guideposts . 
 tindwyl was right on that count . 
 his own study had proven them to be unreliable and shadowed . 
 so what was the problem ? 
 it just does n't make sense . 
 but , then again , sometimes religion did n't make literal sense . 
 was that the reason , or was that his own bias ? 
 his growing frustration with the teachings he had memorized and taught , but which had betrayed him in the end ? 
 it came down to the scrap of paper on his desk . 
 the torn one . 
 alendi must not be allowed to reach the well of ascension ... someone was standing next to his desk . 
 sazed gasped , stumbling back , nearly tripping over his chair . 
 it was n't actually a person . 
 it was a shadow-formed , it seemed , from streams of mist . 
 they were very faint , still trailing through the window that vin had opened , but they made a person . 
 its head seemed turned toward the table , toward the book . 
 or ... perhaps the scrap of paper . 
 sazed felt like running , like scrambling away in fear , but his scholar 's mind dredged something up to fight his terror . 
 alendi , he thought . 
 the one everyone thought was the hero of ages . 
 he said he saw a thing made of mist following him . 
 vin claimed to have seen it as well . 
 `` what ... do you want ? '' 
 he asked , trying to remain calm . 
 the spirit did n't move . 
 could it be ... her ? 
 he wondered with shock . 
 many religions claimed that the dead continued to walk the world , just beyond the view of mortals . 
 but this thing was too short to be tindwyl . 
 sazed was sure that he would have recognized her , even in such an amorphous form . 
 sazed tried to gauge where it was looking . 
 he reached out a hesitant hand , picking up the scrap of paper . 
 the spirit raised an arm , pointing toward the center of the city . 
 sazed frowned . 
 `` i do n't understand , '' he said . 
 the spirit pointed more insistently . 
 `` write down for me what you want me to do . '' 
 it just pointed . 
 sazed stood for a long moment in the room with only one candle , then glanced at the open book . 
 the wind flipped its pages , showing his handwriting , then tindwyl 's , then his again . 
 alendi must not be allowed to reach the well of ascension . 
 he must not be allowed to take the power for himself . 
 perhaps ... perhaps kwaan knew something that nobody else had . 
 could the power corrupt even the best of people ? 
 could that be why he turned against alendi , trying to stop him ? 
 the mist spirit pointed again . 
 if the spirit tore free that sentence , perhaps it was trying to tell me something . 
 but ... vin would n't take the power for herself . 
 she would n't destroy , as the lord ruler did , would she ? 
 and if she did n't have a choice ? 
 outside , someone screamed . 
 the yell was of pure terror , and it was soon joined by others . 
 a horrible , echoing set of sounds in a dark night . 
 there was n't time to think . 
 sazed grabbed the candle , spilling wax on the table in his haste , and left the room . 
 the winding set of stone stairs led downward for quite some time . 
 vin walked down them , elend at her side , the thumping sounding loudly in her ears . 
 at the bottom , the stairwell opened into ... a vast chamber . 
 elend held his lantern high , looking down into a huge stone cavern . 
 spook was already halfway down the stone steps leading to the floor . 
 ham was following . 
 `` lord ruler ... '' elend whispered , standing at vin 's side . 
 `` we 'd have never found this without tearing down the entire building ! '' 
 `` that was probably the idea , '' vin said . 
 `` kredik shaw is n't simply a palace , but a capstone . 
 built to hide something . 
 this . 
 above , those inlays on the walls hid the cracks of the doorway , and the metal in them obscured the opening mechanism from allomantic eyes . 
 if i had n't had a hint ... '' `` hint ? '' 
 elend asked , turning to her . 
 vin shook her head , nodding to the steps . 
 the two began down them . 
 below , she heard spook 's voice ring . 
 `` there 's food down here ! '' 
 he yelled . 
 `` cans and cans of it ! '' 
 indeed , they found rank upon rank of shelves sitting on the cavern floor , meticulously packed as if set aside in preparation for something important . 
 vin and elend reached the cavern floor as ham chased after spook , calling for him to slow down . 
 elend made as if to follow , but vin grabbed his arm . 
 she was burning iron . 
 `` strong source of metal that way , '' she said , growing eager . 
 elend nodded , and they rushed through the cavern , passing shelf after shelf . 
 the lord ruler must have prepared these , she thought . 
 but for what purpose ? 
 she did n't care at the moment . 
 she did n't really care about the atium either , but elend 's eagerness to find it was too much to ignore . 
 they rushed up to the end of the cavern , where they found the source of the metal line . 
 a large metal plaque hung on the wall , like the one sazed had described finding in the conventical of seran . 
 elend was clearly disappointed when they saw it . 
 vin , however , stepped forward , looking through tin-enhanced eyes to see what it contained . 
 `` a map ? '' 
 elend asked . 
 `` that 's the final empire . '' 
 indeed , a map of the empire was carved into the metal . 
 luthadel was marked at the center . 
 a small circle marked another city nearby . 
 `` why is statlin city circled ? '' 
 elend asked , frowning . 
 vin shook her head . 
 `` this is n't what we came for , '' she said . 
 `` there . '' 
 a tunnel split off from the main cavern . 
 `` come on . '' 
 sazed ran through the streets , not even certain what he was doing . 
 he followed the mist spirit , which was difficult to trace in the night , as his candle had long since puffed out . 
 people screamed . 
 their panicked sounds gave him chills , and he itched to go and see what the problem was . 
 yet the mist spirit was demanding ; it paused to catch his attention if it lost him . 
 it could simply be leading him to his death . 
 and yet ... he felt a trust for it that he could not explain . 
 allomancy ? 
 he thought . 
 pulling on my emotions ? 
 before he could consider that further , he stumbled across the first body . 
 it was a skaa man in simple clothing , skin stained with ash . 
 his face was twisted in a grimace of pain , and the ash on the ground was smeared from his thrashings . 
 sazed gasped as he pulled to a halt . 
 he knelt , studying the body by the dim light of an open window nearby . 
 this man had not died easily . 
 it 's ... like the killings i was studying , he thought . 
 months ago , in the village to the south . 
 the man there said that the mists had killed his friend . 
 caused him to fall to the ground and thrash about . 
 the spirit appeared in front of sazed , its posture insistent . 
 sazed looked up , frowning . 
 `` you did this ? '' 
 he whispered . 
 the thing shook its head violently , pointing . 
 kredik shaw was just ahead . 
 it was the direction vin and elend had gone earlier . 
 sazed stood . 
 vin said she thought the well was still in the city , he thought . 
 the deepness has come upon us , as its tendrils have been doing in the far reaches of the empire for some time . 
 killing . 
 something greater than we comprehend is going on . 
 he still could n't believe that vin going to the well would be dangerous . 
 she had read ; she knew rashek 's story . 
 she would n't take the power for herself . 
 he was confident . 
 but not completely certain . 
 in fact , he was no longer certain what they should do with the well . 
 i have to get to her . 
 stop her , talk to her , prepare her . 
 we ca n't rush into something like this . 
 if , indeed , they were going to take the power at the well , they needed to think about it first and decide what the best course was . 
 the mist spirit continued to point . 
 sazed stood and ran forward , ignoring the horror of the screams in the night . 
 he approached the doors of the massive palace structure with its spires and spikes , then dashed inside . 
 the mist spirit remained behind , in the mists that had birthed it . 
 sazed lit his candle again with a flint , and waited . 
 the mist spirit did not move forward . 
 still feeling an urgency , sazed left it behind , continuing into the depths of the lord ruler 's former home . 
 the stone walls were cold and dark , his candle a wan light . 
 the well could n't be here , he thought . 
 it 's supposed to be in the mountains . 
 yet , so much about that time was vague . 
 he was beginning to doubt that he 'd ever understood the things he 'd studied . 
 he quickened his step , shading his candle with his hand , knowing where he needed to go . 
 he 'd visited the building-within-a-building , the place where the lord ruler had once spent his time . 
 sazed had studied the place after the empire 's fall , chronicling and cataloguing . 
 he stepped into the outer room , and was halfway across it before he noticed the unfamiliar opening in the wall . 
 a figure stood in doorway , head bowed . 
 sazed 's candlelight reflected the polished marble walls , the silvery inlayed murals , and the spikes in the man 's eyes . 
 `` marsh ? '' 
 sazed asked , shocked . 
 `` where have you been ? '' 
 `` what are you doing , sazed ? '' 
 marsh whispered . 
 `` i 'm going to vin , '' he said , confused . 
 `` she has found the well , marsh . 
 we have to get to her , stop her from doing anything with it until we 're sure what it does . '' 
 marsh remained silent for a short time . 
 `` you should not have come here , terrisman , '' he finally said , head still bowed . 
 `` marsh ? 
 what is going on ? '' 
 sazed took a step forward , feeling urgent . 
 `` i wish i knew . 
 i wish ... i wish i understood . '' 
 `` understood what ? '' 
 sazed asked , voice echoing in the domed room . 
 marsh stood silently for a moment . 
 then he looked up , focusing his sightless spikeheads on sazed . 
 `` i wish i understood why i have to kill you , '' he said , then lifted a hand . 
 an allomantic push slammed into the metal bracers on sazed 's arms , throwing him backward , crashing him into the hard stone wall . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' marsh whispered . 
 alendi must not reach the well of ascension ... 58 `` lord ruler ! '' 
 elend whispered , pausing at the edge of the second cavern . 
 vin joined him . 
 they had walked in the passage for some time , leaving the storage cavern far behind , walking through a natural stone tunnel . 
 it had ended here , at a second , slightly smaller cavern that was clogged with a thick , dark smoke . 
 it did n't seep out of the cavern , as it should have , but billowed and churned upon itself . 
 vin stepped forward . 
 the smoke did n't choke her , as she expected . 
 there was something oddly welcoming about it . 
 `` come on , '' she said , walking through it across the cavern floor . 
 `` i see light up ahead . '' 
 elend joined her nervously . 
 thump . 
 thump . 
 thump . 
 sazed slammed into the wall . 
 he was no allomancer ; he had no pewter to strengthen his body . 
 as he collapsed to the ground , he felt a sharp pain in his side , and knew he had cracked a rib . 
 or worse . 
 marsh strode forward , faintly illuminated by sazed 's candle , which burned fitfully where sazed had dropped it . 
 `` why did you come ? '' 
 marsh whispered as sazed struggled to his knees . 
 `` everything was going so well . '' 
 he watched with iron eyes as sazed slowly crawled away . 
 then marsh pushed again , throwing sazed to the side . 
 sazed skidded across the beautiful white floor , crashing into another wall . 
 his arm snapped , cracking , and his vision shuddered . 
 through his pain , he saw marsh stoop down and pick something up . 
 a small pouch . 
 it had fallen from sazed 's sash . 
 it was filled with bits of metal ; marsh obviously thought it was a coin pouch . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' marsh said again , then raised a hand and pushed the bag at sazed . 
 the pouch shot across the room and hit sazed , ripping , the bits of metal inside tearing into sazed 's flesh . 
 he did n't have to look down to know how badly he was injured . 
 oddly , he could no longer feel his pain-but he could feel the blood , warm , on his stomach and legs . 
 i 'm ... sorry , too , sazed thought as the room grew dark , and he fell to his knees . 
 i 've failed ... though i know not at what . 
 i ca n't even answer marsh 's question . 
 i do n't know why i came here . 
 he felt himself dying . 
 it was an odd experience . 
 his mind was resigned , yet confused , yet frustrated , yet slowly ... having ... trouble ... those were n't coins , a voice seemed to whisper . 
 the thought rattled in his dying mind . 
 the bag marsh shot at you . 
 those were n't coins . 
 they were rings , sazed . 
 eight of them . 
 you took out two-eyesight and hearing . 
 you left the other ones where they were . 
 in the pouch , tucked into your sash . 
 sazed collapsed , death coming upon him like a cold shadow . 
 and yet , the thought rang true . 
 ten rings , embedded into his flesh . 
 touching him . 
 weight . 
 speed of body . 
 sight . 
 hearing . 
 touch . 
 scent . 
 strength . 
 speed of mind . 
 wakefulness . 
 and health . 
 he tapped gold . 
 he did n't have to be wearing the metalmind to use it-he only had to be touching it . 
 his chest stopped burning , and his vision snapped back into focus . 
 his arm straightened , the bones reknitting as he drew upon several days ' worth of health in a brief flash of power . 
 he gasped , his mind recovering from its near death , but the goldmind restored a crisp clarity to his thoughts . 
 the flesh healed around the metal . 
 sazed stood , pulling the empty bag from where it stuck from his skin , leaving the rings inside of him . 
 he dropped it to the ground , the wound sealing , draining the last of the power from the goldmind . 
 marsh stopped at the mouth of the doorway , turning in surprise . 
 sazed 's arm still throbbed , probably cracked , and his ribs were bruised . 
 such a short burst of health could only do so much . 
 but he was alive . 
 `` you have betrayed us , marsh , '' sazed said . 
 `` i did not realize those spikes stole a man 's soul , as well as his eyes . '' 
 `` you can not fight me , '' marsh replied quietly , his voice echoing in the dark room . 
 `` you are no warrior . '' 
 sazed smiled , feeling the small metalminds within him give him power . 
 `` neither , i think , are you . '' 
 i am involved in something that is far over my head , elend thought as they passed through the strange , smoke-filled cavern . 
 the floor was rough and uneven , and his lantern seemed dim-as if the swirling black smoke were sucking in the light . 
 vin walked confidently . 
 no , determinedly . 
 there was a difference . 
 whatever was at the end of this cavern , she obviously wanted to discover it . 
 and ... what will it be ? 
 elend thought . 
 the well of ascension ? 
 the well was a thing of mythology-something spoken of by obligators when they taught about the lord ruler . 
 and yet ... he had followed vin northward , expecting to find it , had n't he ? 
 why be so tentative now ? 
 perhaps because he was finally beginning to accept what was happening . 
 and it worried him . 
 not because he feared for his life , but because suddenly he did n't understand the world . 
 armies he could understand , even if he did n't know how to defeat them . 
 but a thing like the well ? 
 a thing of gods , a thing beyond the logic of scholars and philosophers ? 
 that was terrifying . 
 they finally approached the other side of the smoky cavern . 
 here , there appeared to be a final chamber , one much smaller than the first two . 
 as they stepped into it , elend noticed something immediately : this room was man-made . 
 or , at least , it had the feel of something man-made . 
 stalactites formed pillars through the low-ceilinged room , and they were spaced far too evenly to be random . 
 yet , at the same time , they looked as if they had grown naturally , and showed no signs of being worked . 
 the air seemed warmer inside-and , thankfully , they passed out of the smoke as they entered . 
 a low light came from something on the far side of the chamber , though elend could n't distinguish the source . 
 it did n't look like torchlight . 
 it was the wrong color , and it shimmered rather than flickered . 
 vin wrapped an arm around him , staring toward the back of the chamber , suddenly seeming apprehensive . 
 `` where is that light coming from ? '' 
 elend asked , frowning . 
 `` a pool , '' vin said quietly , her eyes far keener than his . 
 `` a glowing white pool . '' 
 elend frowned . 
 but , the two of them did n't move . 
 vin seemed hesitant . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he asked . 
 she pulled against him . 
 `` that 's the well of ascension . 
 i can feel it inside of my head . 
 beating . '' 
 elend forced a smile , feeling a surreal sense of displacement . 
 `` that 's what we came for , then . '' 
 `` what if i do n't know what to do ? '' 
 vin asked quietly . 
 `` what if i take the power , but i do n't know how to use it ? 
 what if i. . . 
 become like the lord ruler ? '' 
 elend looked down at her , arms wrapped around him , and his fear lessened a bit . 
 he loved her . 
 the situation they faced , it could n't easily fit into his logical world . 
 but vin had never really needed logic . 
 and he did n't need it either , if he trusted her . 
 he took her head in his hands , rotating it up to look at him . 
 `` your eyes are beautiful . '' 
 she frowned . 
 `` what - '' `` and , '' elend continued , `` part of the beauty in them comes from your sincerity . 
 you wo n't become the lord ruler , vin . 
 you 'll know what to do with that power . 
 i trust you . '' 
 she smiled hesitantly , then nodded . 
 however , she did n't move forward into the cavern . 
 instead , she pointed at something over elend 's shoulder . 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 elend turned , noticing a ledge on the back wall of the small room . 
 it grew straight out of the rock just beside the doorway they had entered . 
 vin approached the ledge , and elend followed behind her , noticing the shards that lay upon it . 
 `` it looks like broken pottery , '' elend said . 
 there were several patches of it , and more of it was scattered on the floor beneath the ledge . 
 vin picked up a piece , but there did n't seem to be anything distinctive about it . 
 she looked at elend , who was fishing through the pottery pieces . 
 `` look at this , '' he said , holding up one that had n't been broken like the others . 
 it was a disklike piece of fired clay with a single bead of some metal at the center . 
 `` atium ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` it looks like the wrong color , '' he said , frowning . 
 `` what is it , then ? '' 
 `` maybe we 'll find the answers over there , '' elend said , turning and looking down the rows of pillars toward the light . 
 vin nodded , and they walked forward . 
 marsh immediately tried to push sazed away by the metal bracers on his arms . 
 sazed was ready , however , and he tapped his ring ironmind-drawing forth the weight he had stored within it . 
 his body grew denser , and he felt its weight pulling him down , his fists feeling like balls of iron on the ends of lead arms . 
 marsh immediately lurched away , thrown violently backward by his own push . 
 he slammed into the back wall , a cry of surprise escaping his lips . 
 it echoed in the small , domed room . 
 shadows danced in the room as the candle grew weaker . 
 sazed tapped sight , enhancing his vision , and released iron as he dashed toward the addled inquisitor . 
 marsh , however , recovered quickly . 
 he reached out , pulling an unlit lamp off the wall . 
 it zipped through the air , flying toward marsh . 
 sazed tapped zinc . 
 he felt something like a twisted hybrid of an allomancer and a feruchemist , his sources of metal embedded within him . 
 the gold had healed his insides , made him whole , but the rings still remained within his flesh . 
 this was what the lord ruler had done , keeping his metalminds inside of him , piercing his flesh so that they would be harder to steal . 
 that had always seemed morbid to sazed . 
 now , he saw how useful it could be . 
 his thoughts sped up , and he quickly saw the trajectory of the lamp . 
 marsh would be able to use it as a weapon against him . 
 so sazed tapped steel . 
 allomancy and feruchemy had one fundamental difference : allomancy drew its powers from the metals themselves , and so the amount of power was limited ; in feruchemy , one could compound an attribute many times , drawing out months ' worth of power in a few minutes . 
 steel stored physical speed . 
 sazed zipped across the room , air rushing in his ears as he shot past the open doorway . 
 he snatched the lamp out of the air , then tapped iron hard-increasing his weight manyfold-and tapped pewter to give himself massive strength . 
 marsh did n't have time to react . 
 he was now pulling on a lamp held in sazed 's inhumanly strong , inhumanly heavy , hand . 
 again , marsh was yanked by his own allomancy . 
 the pull threw him across the room , directly toward sazed . 
 sazed turned , slamming the lamp into marsh 's face . 
 the metal bent in his hand , and the force threw marsh backward . 
 the inquisitor hit the marble wall , a spray of blood misting in the air . 
 as marsh slumped to the ground , sazed could see that he 'd driven one of the eye-spikes back into the front of the skull , crushing the bone around the socket . 
 sazed returned his weight to normal , then jumped forward , raising his impromptu weapon again . 
 marsh , however , threw an arm up and pushed . 
 sazed skidded back a few feet before he was able to tap the ironmind again , increasing his weight . 
 marsh grunted , his push forcing him back against the wall . 
 it also , however , kept sazed at bay . 
 sazed struggled to step forward , but the pressure of marsh 's push-along with his own bulky , weighed-down body-made walking difficult . 
 the two strained for a moment , pushing against each other in the darkening light . 
 the room 's inlays sparkled , quiet murals watching them , open doorway leading down to the well just to the side . 
 `` why , marsh ? '' 
 sazed whispered . 
 `` i do n't know , '' marsh said , his voice coming out in a growl . 
 with a flash of power , sazed released his ironmind and instead tapped steel , increasing his speed again . 
 he dropped the lamp , ducking to the side , moving more quickly than marsh could track . 
 the lamp was forced backward , but then fell to the ground as marsh let go of his push , jumping forward , obviously trying to keep from being trapped against the wall . 
 but sazed was faster . 
 he spun , raising a hand to try to pull out marsh 's linchpin spike-the one in between his shoulder blades , pounded down lengthwise into the back . 
 pulling this one spike would kill an inquisitor ; it was the weakness the lord ruler had built into them . 
 sazed skidded around marsh to attack from behind . 
 the spike in marsh 's right eye protruded several extra inches out the back of his skull , and it dribbled blood . 
 sazed 's steelmind ran out . 
 the rings had never been intended to last long , and his two extreme bursts had drained this one in seconds . 
 he slowed with a dreadful lurch , but his arm was still raised , and he still had the strength of ten men . 
 he could see the bulge of the linchpin spike underneath marsh 's robe . 
 if he could just - marsh spun , then dexterously knocked aside sazed 's hand . 
 he rammed an elbow into sazed 's stomach , then brought a backhand up and crashed it into his face . 
 sazed fell backward , and his pewtermind ran out , his strength disappearing . 
 he hit the hard steel ground with a grunt of pain , and rolled . 
 marsh loomed in the dark room . 
 the candle flickered . 
 `` you were wrong , sazed , '' marsh said quietly . 
 `` once , i was not a warrior , but that has changed . 
 you spent the last two years teaching , but i spent them killing . 
 killing so many people ... '' marsh stepped forward , and sazed coughed , trying to get his bruised body to move . 
 he worried that he 'd rebroken his arm . 
 he tapped zinc again , speeding up his thoughts , but that did n't help his body move . 
 he could only watch-more fully aware of his predicament and unable to do a thing to stop it-as marsh picked up the fallen lamp . 
 the candle went out . 
 yet , sazed could still see marsh 's face . 
 blood dripped from the crushed socket , making the man 's expression even harder to read . 
 the inquisitor seemed ... sorrowful as he raised the lamp in a clawlike grip , intending to smash it down into sazed 's face . 
 wait , sazed thought . 
 where is that light coming from ? 
 a dueling cane smashed against the back of marsh 's head , shattering and throwing up splinters . 
 vin and elend walked up to the pool . 
 elend knelt quietly beside it , but vin just stood . 
 staring at the glittering waters . 
 they were gathered in a small depression in the rock , and they looked thick-like metal . 
 a silvery white , glowing liquid metal . 
 the well was only a few feet across , but its power loomed in her mind . 
 vin was so enraptured by the beautiful pool , in fact , that she did n't notice the mist spirit until elend 's grip tightened on her arm . 
 she looked up , noticing the spirit standing before them . 
 it seemed to have its head bowed , but as she turned , its shadowy form stood up straighter . 
 she 'd never seen the creature outside of the mist . 
 it still was n't completely ... whole . 
 mist puffed from its body , flowing downward , creating its amorphous form . 
 a persistent pattern . 
 vin hissed quietly , pulling out a dagger . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 elend said , standing . 
 she frowned , shooting him a glance . 
 `` i do n't think it 's dangerous , vin , '' he said , stepping away from her , toward the spirit . 
 `` elend , no ! '' 
 she said , but he gently shook her free . 
 `` it visited me while you were gone , vin , '' he explained . 
 `` it did n't hurt me . 
 it just ... seemed like it wanted me to know something . '' 
 he smiled , still wearing his nondescript cloak and traveling clothing , and walked slowly up to the mist spirit . 
 `` what is it you want ? '' 
 the mist spirit stood immobile for a moment , then it raised its arm . 
 something flashed , reflecting the pool 's light . 
 `` no ! '' 
 vin screamed , dashing forward as the spirit slashed across elend 's gut . 
 elend grunted in pain , then stumbled back . 
 `` elend ! '' 
 vin said , scrambling to elend 's side as he slipped and fell to the ground . 
 the spirit backed away , dripping blood from somewhere within its deceptively incorporeal form . 
 elend 's blood . 
 elend lay , shocked , eyes wide . 
 vin flared pewter and ripped open the front of his jacket , exposing the wound . 
 the spirit had cut deeply into his stomach , slashing the gut open . 
 `` no ... no ... no ... '' vin said , mind growing numb , elend 's blood on her hands . 
 the wound was very bad . 
 deadly . 
 ham dropped the broken cane , one arm still in a sling . 
 the beefy thug looked incredibly pleased with himself as he stepped over marsh 's body and reached his good hand toward sazed . 
 `` did n't expect to find you here , saze , '' the thug said . 
 dazed , sazed took the hand and climbed to his feet . 
 he stumbled over marsh 's body , somehow distractedly knowing that a simple club to the head would n't be enough to kill the creature . 
 yet sazed was too addled to care . 
 he picked up his candle , lit it from ham 's lantern , then made his way toward the stairs , forcing himself onward . 
 he had to keep going . 
 he had to get to vin . 
 vin cradled elend in her arms , her cloak forming a hasty-and dreadfully inadequate-bandage around his torso . 
 `` i love you , '' she whispered , tears warm on her cold cheeks . 
 `` elend , i love you . 
 i love you ... '' love would n't be enough . 
 he was trembling , eyes staring upward , barely able to focus . 
 he gasped , and blood bubbled in his spittle . 
 she turned to the side , numbly realizing where she knelt . 
 the pool glowed beside her , just inches from where elend had fallen . 
 some of his blood had dribbled into the pool , though it did n't mix with the liquid metal . 
 i can save him , she realized . 
 the power of creation rests just inches from my fingers . 
 this was the place where rashek had ascended to godhood . 
 the well of ascension . 
 she looked back at elend , at his dying eyes . 
 he tried to focus on her , but he seemed to be having trouble controlling his muscles . 
 it seemed like ... he was trying to smile . 
 vin rolled up her coat and put it beneath his head . 
 then , wearing just her trousers and shirt , she walked up to the pool . 
 she could hear it thumping . 
 as if ... calling to her . 
 calling for her to join with it . 
 she stepped onto the pool . 
 it resisted her touch , but her foot began to sink , slowly . 
 she stepped forward , moving into the center of the pool , waiting as she sank . 
 within seconds , the pool was up to her chest , the glowing liquid all around her . 
 she took a breath , then leaned her head back , looking up as the pool absorbed her , covering her face . 
 sazed stumbled down the stairs , candle held in quivering fingers . 
 ham was calling after him . 
 he passed a confused spook on the landing below , and ignored the boy 's questions . 
 however , as he began to make his way down to the cavern floor , he slowed . 
 a small tremor ran through the rock . 
 somehow , he knew that he was too late . 
 the power came upon her suddenly . 
 she felt the liquid pressing against her , creeping into her body , crawling , forcing its way through the pores and openings in her skin . 
 she opened her mouth to scream , and it rushed in that way too , choking her , gagging her . 
 with a sudden flare , her earlobe began to hurt . 
 she cried out , pulling her earring free , dropping it into the depths . 
 she pulled off her sash , letting it-and her allomantic vials-go as well , removing the only metals on her person . 
 then she started to burn . 
 she recognized the sensation : it was exactly like the feeling of burning metals in her stomach , except it came from her entire body . 
 her skin flared , her muscles flamed , and her very bones seemed on fire . 
 she gasped , and realized the metal was gone from her throat . 
 she was glowing . 
 she felt the power within , as if it were trying to burst back out . 
 it was like the strength she gained by burning pewter , but amazingly more potent . 
 it was a force of incredible capacity . 
 it would have been beyond her ability to understand , but it expanded her mind , forcing her to grow and comprehend what she now possessed . 
 she could remake the world . 
 she could push back the mists . 
 she could feed millions with the wave of her hand , punish the evil , protect the weak . 
 she was in awe of herself . 
 the cavern was as if translucent around her , and she saw the entire world spreading , a magnificent sphere upon which life could exist only in a small little area at the poles . 
 she could fix that . 
 she could make things better . 
 she could ... she could save elend . 
 she glanced down and saw him dying . 
 she immediately understood what was wrong with him . 
 she could fix his damaged skin and sliced organs . 
 you must n't do it , child . 
 vin looked up with shock . 
 you know what you must do , the voice said , whispering to her . 
 it sounded aged . 
 kindly . 
 `` i have to save him ! '' 
 she cried . 
 you know what you must do . 
 and she did know . 
 she saw it happen-she saw , as if in a vision , rashek when he 'd taken the power for himself . 
 she saw the disasters he created . 
 it was all or nothing-like allomancy , in a way . 
 if she took the power , she would have to burn it away in a few moments . 
 remaking things as she pleased , but only for a brief time . 
 or ... she could give it up . 
 i must defeat the deepness , the voice said . 
 she saw that , too . 
 outside the palace , in the city , across the land . 
 people in the mists , shaking , falling . 
 many stayed indoors , thankfully . 
 the traditions of the skaa were still strong within them . 
 some were out , however . 
 those who trusted in kelsier 's words that the mists could not hurt them . 
 but now the mists could . 
 they had changed , bringing death . 
 this was the deepness . 
 mists that killed . 
 mists that were slowly covering the entire land . 
 the deaths were sporadic ; vin saw many falling dead , but saw others simply falling sick , and still others going about in the mists as if nothing were wrong . 
 it will get worse , the voice said quietly . 
 it will kill and destroy . 
 and , if you try to stop it yourself , you will ruin the world , as rashek did before you . 
 `` elend ... '' she whispered . 
 she turned toward him , bleeding on the floor . 
 at that moment , she remembered something . 
 something sazed had said . 
 you must love him enough to trust his wishes , he had told her . 
 it is n't love unless you learn to respect him-not what you assume is best , but what he actually wants ... she saw elend weeping . 
 she saw him focusing on her , and she knew what he wanted . 
 he wanted his people to live . 
 he wanted the world to know peace , and the skaa to be free . 
 he wanted the deepness to be defeated . 
 the safety of his people meant more to him than his own life . 
 far more . 
 you 'll know what to do , he 'd told her just moments before . 
 i trust you ... vin closed her eyes , and tears rolled down her cheeks . 
 apparently , gods could cry . 
 `` i love you , '' she whispered . 
 she let the power go . 
 she held the capacity to become a deity in her hands , and she gave it away , releasing it to the waiting void . 
 she gave up elend . 
 because she knew that was what he wanted . 
 the cavern immediately began to shake . 
 vin cried out as the flaring power within her was ripped away , soaked up greedily by the void . 
 she screamed , her glow fading , then fell into the now empty pool , head knocking against the rocks . 
 the cavern continued to shake , dust and chips falling from the ceiling . 
 and then , in a moment of surreal clarity , vin heard a single , distinct sentence ringing in her mind . 
 i am free ! 
 ... for he must not be allowed to release the thing that is imprisoned there . 
 59 vin lay , quietly , weeping . 
 the cavern was still , the tempest over . 
 the thing was gone , and the thumping in her mind was finally quiet . 
 she sniffled , arms around elend , holding him as he gasped his final few breaths . 
 she 'd screamed for help , calling for ham and spook , but had gotten no response . 
 they were too far away . 
 she felt cold . 
 empty . 
 after holding that much power , then having it ripped from her , she felt like she was nothing . 
 and , once elend died , she would be . 
 what would be the point ? 
 she thought . 
 life does n't mean anything . 
 i 've betrayed elend . 
 i 've betrayed the world . 
 she was n't certain what had happened , but somehow she 'd made a horrible , horrible mistake . 
 the worst part was , she had tried so hard to do what was right , even if it hurt . 
 something loomed above her . 
 she looked up at the mist spirit , but could n't even really feel rage . 
 she was having trouble feeling anything at the moment . 
 the spirit raised an arm , pointing . 
 `` it 's over , '' she whispered . 
 it pointed more demandingly . 
 `` i wo n't get to them in time , '' she said . 
 `` besides , i saw how bad the cut was . 
 saw it with the power . 
 there 's nothing any of them could do , not even sazed . 
 so , you should be pleased . 
 you got what you wanted ... '' she trailed off . 
 why had the spirit stabbed elend ? 
 to make me heal him , she thought . 
 to keep me ... from releasing the power . 
 she blinked her eyes . 
 the spirit waved its arm . 
 slowly , numbly , she got to her feet . 
 she watched the spirit in a trance as it floated a few steps over and pointed at something on the ground . 
 the room was dark , now that the pool was empty , and was illuminated only by elend 's lantern . 
 she had to flare tin to see what the spirit was pointing at . 
 a piece of pottery . 
 the disk elend had taken from the shelf in the back of the room , and had been holding in his hand . 
 it had broken when he 'd collapsed . 
 the mist spirit pointed urgently . 
 vin approached and bent over , fingers finding the small nugget of metal that had been at the disk 's center . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 she whispered . 
 the mist spirit turned and drifted back to elend . 
 vin walked up quietly . 
 he was still alive . 
 he seemed to be getting weaker , and was trembling less . 
 eerily , as he grew closer to death , he actually seemed a bit more in control . 
 he looked at her as she knelt , and she could see his lips moving . 
 `` vin ... '' he whispered . 
 she knelt beside him , looked at the bead of metal , then looked up at the spirit . 
 it stood motionless . 
 she rolled the bead between her fingers , then moved to eat it . 
 the spirit moved urgently , shaking its hands . 
 vin paused , and the spirit pointed at elend . 
 what ? 
 she thought . 
 however , she was n't really in a state to think . 
 she held the nugget up to elend . 
 `` elend , '' she whispered , leaning close . 
 `` you must swallow this . '' 
 she was n't certain if he understood her or not , though he did appear to nod . 
 she placed the bit of metal in his mouth . 
 his lips moved , but he started to choke . 
 i have to get him something to wash it down , she thought . 
 the only thing she had was one of her metal vials . 
 she reached into the empty well , retrieving her earring and her sash . 
 she pulled free a vial , then poured the liquid into his mouth . 
 elend continued to cough weakly , but the liquid did its work well , washing down the bead of metal . 
 vin knelt , feeling so powerless , a depressing contrast to how she had been just moments before . 
 elend closed his eyes . 
 then , oddly , the color seemed to return to his cheeks . 
 vin knelt , confused , watching him . 
 the look on his face , the way he lay , the color of his skin ... she burned bronze , and with shock , felt pulses coming from elend . 
 he was burning pewter . 
 epilogue two weeks later , a solitary figure arrived at the conventical of seran . 
 sazed had left luthadel quietly , troubled by his thoughts and by the loss of tindwyl . 
 he 'd left a note . 
 he could n't stay in luthadel . 
 not at the moment . 
 the mists still killed . 
 they struck random people who went out at night , with no discernible pattern . 
 many of the people did not die , but only became sick . 
 others , the mists murdered . 
 sazed did n't know what to make of the deaths . 
 he was n't even certain if he cared . 
 vin spoke of something terrible she had released at the well of ascension . 
 she had expected sazed to want to study and record her experience . 
 instead , he had left . 
 he made his way through the solemn , steel-plated rooms . 
 he half expected to be confronted by one inquisitor or another . 
 perhaps marsh would try to kill him again . 
 by the time he and ham had returned from the storage cavern beneath luthadel , marsh had vanished again . 
 his work had , apparently , been done . 
 he 'd stalled sazed long enough to keep him from stopping vin . 
 sazed made his way down the steps , through the torture chamber , and finally into the small rock room he 'd visited on his first trip to the conventical , so many weeks before . 
 he dropped his pack to the ground , working it open with tired fingers , then looked up at the large steel plate . 
 kwaan 's final words stared back at him . 
 sazed knelt , pulling a carefully tied portfolio from his pack . 
 he undid the string , and then removed his original rubbing , made in this very room months before . 
 he recognized his fingerprints on the thin paper , knew the strokes of the charcoal to be his own . 
 he recognized the smudges he had made . 
 with growing nervousness , he held the rubbing up and slapped it against the steel plate on the wall . 
 and the two did not match . 
 sazed stepped back , uncertain what to think now that his suspicions had been confirmed . 
 the rubbing slipped limply from his fingers , and his eyes found the sentence at the end of the plate . 
 the last sentence , the one that the mist spirit had ripped free time and time again . 
 the original one on the steel plate was different from the one sazed had written and studied . 
 alendi must not reach the well of ascension , kwaan 's ancient words read , for he must not be allowed to release the thing that is imprisoned there . 
 sazed sat down quietly . 
 it was all a lie , he thought numbly . 
 the religion of the terris people ... the thing the keepers spent millennia searching for , trying to understand , was a lie . 
 the so-called prophecies , the hero of ages ... a fabrication . 
 a trick . 
 what better way for such a creature to gain freedom ? 
 men would die in the name of prophecies . 
 they wanted to believe , to hope . 
 if someone-something-could harness that energy , twist it , what amazing things could be accomplished ... sazed looked up , reading the words on the wall , reading the second half once again . 
 it contained paragraphs that were different from his rubbing . 
 or , rather , his rubbing had been changed somehow . 
 changed to reflect what the thing had wished sazed to read . 
 i write these words in steel , kwaan 's first words said , for anything not set in metal can not be trusted . 
 sazed shook his head . 
 they should have paid attention to that sentence . 
 everything he had studied after that had , apparently , been a lie . 
 he looked up at the plate , scanning its contents , coming to the final section . 
 and so , they read , i come to the focus of my argument . 
 i apologize . 
 even forcing my words into steel , sitting and scratching in this frozen cave , i am prone to ramble . 
 this is the problem . 
 though i believed in alendi at first , i later became suspicious . 
 it seemed that he fit the signs , true . 
 but , well , how can i explain this ? 
 could it be that he fit them too well ? 
 i know your argument . 
 we speak of the anticipation , of things foretold , of promises made by our greatest prophets of old . 
 of course the hero of ages will fit the prophecies . 
 he will fit them perfectly . 
 that 's the idea . 
 and yet ... something about all this seems so convenient . 
 it feels almost as if we constructed a hero to fit our prophecies , rather than allowing one to arise naturally . 
 this was the worry i had , the thing that should have given me pause when my brethren came to me , finally willing to believe . 
 after that , i began to see other problems . 
 some of you may know of my fabled memory . 
 it is true ; i need not a feruchemist 's metalmind to memorize a sheet of words in an instant . 
 and i tell you , call me daft , but the words of the prophecies are changing . 
 the alterations are slight . 
 clever , even . 
 a word here , a slight twist there . 
 but the words on the pages are different from the ones in my memory . 
 the other worldbringers scoff at me , for they have their metalminds to prove to them that the books and prophecies have not changed . 
 and so , this is the great declaration i must make . 
 there is something-some force-that wants us to believe that the hero of ages has come , and that he must travel to the well of ascension . 
 something is making the prophecies change so that they refer to alendi more perfectly . 
 and whatever this power is , it can change words within a feruchemist 's metalmind . 
 the others call me mad . 
 as i have said , that may be true . 
 but must not even a madman rely on his own mind , his own experience , rather than that of others ? 
 i know what i have memorized . 
 i know what is now repeated by the other worldbringers . 
 the two are not the same . 
 i sense a craftiness behind these changes , a manipulation subtle and brilliant . 
 i have spent the last two years in exile , trying to decipher what the alterations could mean . 
 i have come to only one conclusion . 
 something has taken control of our religion , something nefarious , something that can not be trusted . 
 it misleads , and it shadows . 
 it uses alendi to destroy , leading him along a path of death and sorrow . 
 it is pulling him toward the well of ascension , where the millennial power has gathered . 
 i can only guess that it sent the deepness as a method of making mankind more desperate , of pushing us to do as it wills . 
 the prophecies have changed . 
 they now tell alendi that he must give up the power once he takes it . 
 this is not what was once implied by the texts-they were more vague . 
 and yet , the new version seems to make it a moral imperative . 
 the texts now outline a terrible consequence if the hero of ages takes the power for himself . 
 alendi believes as they do . 
 he is a good man-despite it all , he is a good man . 
 a sacrificing man . 
 in truth , all of his actions-all of the deaths , destructions , and pains that he has caused-have hurt him deeply . 
 all of these things were , in truth , a kind of sacrifice for him . 
 he is accustomed to giving up his own will for the common good , as he sees it . 
 i have no doubt that if alendi reaches the well of ascension , he will take the power and then-in the name of the presumed greater good-will give it up . 
 give it away to this same force that has changed the texts . 
 give it up to this force of destruction that has brought him to war , that has tempted him to kill , that has craftily led him to the north . 
 this thing wants the power held in the well , and it has raped our religion 's holiest tenets in order to get it . 
 and so , i have made one final gamble . 
 my pleas , my teachings , my objections , and even my treasons were all ineffectual . 
 alendi has other counselors now , ones who tell him what he wants to hear . 
 i have a young nephew , one rashek . 
 he hates all of khlennium with the passion of envious youth . 
 he hates alendi even more acutely-though the two have never met-for rashek feels betrayed that one of our oppressors should have been chosen as the hero of ages . 
 alendi will need guides through the terris mountains . 
 i have charged rashek with making certain that he and his trusted friends are chosen as those guides . 
 rashek is to try and lead alendi in the wrong direction , to dissuade him , discourage him , or otherwise foil his quest . 
 alendi does n't know that he has been deceived , that we 've all been deceived , and he will not listen to me now . 
 if rashek fails to lead the trek astray , then i have instructed the lad to kill alendi . 
 it is a distant hope . 
 alendi has survived assassins , wars , and catastrophes . 
 and yet , i hope that in the frozen mountains of terris , he may finally be exposed . 
 i hope for a miracle . 
 alendi must not reach the well of ascension , for he must not be allowed to release the thing that is imprisoned there . 
 sazed sat back . 
 it was the final blow , the last strike that killed whatever was left of his faith . 
 he knew at that moment that he would never believe again . 
 vin found elend standing on the city wall , looking over the city of luthadel . 
 he wore a white uniform , one of the ones that tindwyl had made for him . 
 he looked ... harder than he had just a few weeks before . 
 `` you 're awake , '' she said , moving up beside him . 
 he nodded . 
 he did n't look at her , but continued to watch the city , with its bustling people . 
 he 'd spent quite a bit of time delirious and in bed , despite the healing power of his newfound allomancy . 
 even with pewter , the surgeons had been uncertain if he 'd survive . 
 he had . 
 and , like a true allomancer , he was up and about the first day he was lucid . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 he asked . 
 she shook her head , leaning against the stones of the battlement . 
 she could still hear that terrible , booming voice . 
 i am free ... `` i 'm an allomancer , '' elend said . 
 she nodded . 
 `` mistborn , apparently , '' he continued . 
 `` i think ... we know where they came from , now , '' vin said . 
 `` the first allomancers . '' 
 `` what happened to the power ? 
 ham did n't have a straight answer for me , and all anyone else knows are rumors . '' 
 `` i set something free , '' she whispered . 
 `` something that should n't have been released ; something that led me to the well . 
 i should never have gone looking for it , elend . '' 
 elend stood in silence , still regarding the city . 
 she turned , burying her head in his chest . 
 `` it was terrible , '' she said . 
 `` i could feel that . 
 and i set it free . '' 
 finally , elend wrapped his arms around her . 
 `` you did the best you could , vin , '' he said . 
 `` in fact , you did the right thing . 
 how could you have known that everything you 'd been told , trained , and prepared to do was wrong ? '' 
 vin shook her head . 
 `` i am worse than the lord ruler . 
 in the end , maybe he realized he was being tricked , and knew he had to take the power rather than release it . '' 
 `` if he 'd been a good man , vin , '' elend said , `` he would n't have done the things he did to this land . '' 
 `` i may have done far worse , '' vin said . 
 `` this thing i released ... the mists killing people , and coming during the day ... elend , what are we going to do ? '' 
 he looked at her for a moment , then turned back toward the city and its people . 
 `` we 're going to do what kelsier taught us , vin . 
 we 're going to survive . '' 
 ars arcanum 1 . 
 metals quick-reference chart 2 . 
 names and terms 3 . 
 summary of book one you can also find extensive annotations of every chapter in the book along with deleted scenes , a very active blog , and expanded world information at . 
 the well of ascension <br/> ashweather : lord cett 's first name . 
 atium : a strange metal formerly produced in the pits of hathsin . 
 it collected inside of small geodes that formed in crystalline pockets in caves beneath the ground . 
 birchbane : a common poison . 
 boxing : the slang name for an imperial gold coin . 
 the name comes from the picture on its back of kredik shaw , the lord ruler 's palace-or , the `` box '' in which he lives . 
 breeze : a soother on kelsier 's crew , now one of elend 's foremost counselors . 
 bronzepulse : another term for an allomantic pulse . 
 burn -lrb- allomancy -rrb- : an allomancer utilizing or expending the metals in their stomachs . 
 first , they must swallow a metal , then allomantically metabolize it inside of them to access its power . 
 burnlands : the deserts at the edges of the final empire . 
 camon : vin 's old crewleader . 
 a harsh man who often beat her , camon was cast out by kelsier . 
 the inquisitors eventually killed him . 
 canton : a suboffice within the steel ministry . 
 cett : lord ashweather cett is the most prominent king who has managed to gain power in the western dominance . 
 his home city is fadrex . 
 channerel : the river that runs through luthadel . 
 cladent : clubs 's real name . 
 clip -lrb- coinage -rrb- : the nickname for an imperial copper coin in the final empire . 
 commonly used by mistborn and coinshots for jumping and attacking . 
 clubs : a smoker on kelsier 's crew , now general of elend 's armies . 
 he once was a skaa carpenter . 
 coinshot : a misting who can burn steel . 
 collapse , the : the death of the lord ruler and the fall of the final empire . 
 coppercloud : the invisible , obsuring field set up by someone burning copper . 
 if an allomancer burns metals while within a coppercloud , their allomantic pulses are hidden from those burning bronze . 
 the term `` coppercloud '' is also , sometimes , used to refer to a smoker -lrb- a misting who can burn copper -rrb- . 
 deepness , the : the mythological monster or force that threatened the land just before the rise of the lord ruler and the final empire . 
 the term comes from terris lore , and the hero of ages was the one prophesied to come and eventually defeat the deepness . 
 the lord ruler claims to have defeated it when he ascended . 
 demoux , captain : ham 's second-in-command , a soldier in elend 's palace guard . 
 dockson : kelsier 's old right-hand man , informal leader of his crew now that kelsier is dead . 
 he has no allomantic powers . 
 dominance -lrb- final empire -rrb- : a province of the final empire . 
 luthadel is in the central dominance . 
 the four surrounding dominances are called the inner dominances , and include most of the population and culture of the final empire . 
 after the collapse , the final empire shattered , and different kings took power , trying to claim leadership of the various dominances , effectively turning each one into a kingdom of its own . 
 dox : dockson 's nickname . 
 elend venture : king of the central dominance , son of straff venture . 
 extinguish -lrb- allomantic -rrb- : to cease burning an allomantic metal . 
 fadrex : a modestly sized , well-fortified city in the western dominance . 
 capital city and home to ashweather cett . 
 a main place of stockpile for the canton of resource . 
 felt : once one of straff 's spies , the man was -lrb- like most of straff 's employees -rrb- left behind at the fall of luthadel . 
 he gave his allegiance to elend instead . 
 final empire : the empire established by the lord ruler . 
 the name came from the fact that , being immortal , he felt that it would be the last empire the world ever knew , since it would never fall or end . 
 flare -lrb- allomantic -rrb- : to draw a little extra power from an allomantic metal at the expense of making it burn faster . 
 gneorndin : ashweather cett 's only son . 
 goradel : once a soldier in the luthadel garrison , goradel was guarding the palace when vin decided to infiltrate and kill the lord ruler . 
 vin convinced him to switch sides , and he later led elend through the palace to try and rescue her . 
 now a member of elend 's guard . 
 ham : a thug on kelsier 's crew , now captain of elend 's palace guard . 
 hammond : ham 's real name . 
 hathsin : see pits of hathsin . 
 hero of ages , the : the mythological prophesied savior of the terris people . 
 it was foretold that he would come , take the power at the well of ascension , then be selfless enough to give it up in order to save the world from the deepness . 
 alendi was thought to be the hero of ages , but was killed before he could complete his quest . 
 inquisitors , steel : a group of strange creatures , priests who served the lord ruler . 
 they have spikes driven completely through their heads-point-first through the eyes-yet continue to live . 
 they were fanatically devoted to him , and were used primarily to hunt out and kill skaa with allomantic powers . 
 they have the abilities of a mistborn , and some others . 
 ironeyes : marsh 's nickname in the crew . 
 ironpull : pulling on a metal when allomantically burning iron . 
 this pull exerts a force on the metal item , yanking it directly toward the allomancer . 
 if the metallic item , known as an anchor , is heavier than the allomancer , he or she will instead be pulled toward the metal source . 
 janarle : straff venture 's second-in-command . 
 jastes lekal : heir to the lekal house title , one of elend 's former friends . 
 he and elend often talked politics and philosophy together with telden . 
 kandra : a race of strange creatures who can ingest the dead body of a person , then reproduce that body with their own flesh . 
 they keep the bones of the person they imitate , using them , as kandra themselves have no bones . 
 they serve contracts with mankind-which must be bought with atium-and are relatives of mistwraiths . 
 keeper -lrb- terris -rrb- : `` keeper '' is often used as simply another term for a feruchemist . 
 the keepers are actually an organization of feruchemists dedicated to discovering , then memorizing , all of the knowledge and religions that existed before the ascension . 
 the lord ruler hunted them to near extinction , forcing them to remain hidden . 
 kell : kelsier 's nickname . 
 kelsier : the most famous thieving crewleader in the final empire , kelsier raised a rebellion of skaa and overthrew the lord ruler , but was killed in the process . 
 he was mistborn , and was vin 's teacher . 
 khlennium : an ancient kingdom that existed before the rise of the final empire . 
 it was alendi 's homeland . 
 kliss : a woman whom vin knew in the court at luthadel . 
 she eventually turned out to be an informant for hire . 
 koloss : a race of bestial warriors created by the lord ruler during his ascension , then used by him to conquer the world . 
 kredik shaw : the lord ruler 's palace in luthadel . 
 it means `` the hill of a thousand spires '' in the old terris language . 
 kwaan : a terris scholar before the collapse . 
 he was a worldbringer , and was the first to mistakenly think that alendi was the hero of ages . 
 he later changed his mind , betraying his former friend . 
 ladrian : breeze 's real name . 
 lestibournes : spook 's real name . 
 llamas , mistborn : brandon 's writing group . 
 mistborn llamas burn various kinds of plants to gain super-llaman powers . 
 t-shirts can be found on the web site . 
 lord ruler : the emperor who ruled the final empire for a thousand years . 
 he was once named rashek , and was a terris servant who was hired by alendi . 
 he killed alendi , however , and went to the well of ascension in his place , and there took the power and ascended . 
 he was finally killed by vin . 
 lurcher : a misting who can burn steel . 
 luthadel : capital of the final empire , and largest city in the land . 
 luthadel is known for its textiles , its forges , and its majestic noble keeps . 
 malatium : the metal discovered by kelsier , often dubbed the eleventh metal . 
 nobody knows where he found it , or why he thought it could kill the lord ruler . 
 it did , however , eventually lead vin to the clue she needed to defeat the emperor . 
 mardra : ham 's wife . 
 she does n't like to be involved in his thieving practices , or exposing their children to the danger of his lifestyle , and generally keeps her distance from the members of the crew . 
 metalmind : a piece of metal that a feruchemist uses as a kind of battery , filling it with certain attributes that he or she can later withdraw . 
 specific metalminds are named after the different metals : tinmind , steelmind , etc. . 
 mist : the strange , omnipresent fog that falls on the final empire every night . 
 thicker than a regular fog , it swirls and churns about , almost as if it were alive . 
 mistborn : an allomancer who can burn all of the allomantic metals . 
 mistcloak : a garment worn by many mistborn as a mark of their station . 
 it is constructed from dozens of thick ribbons of cloth that are sewn together at the top , but allowed to spread free from the shoulders down . 
 misting : an allomancer who can burn only one metal . 
 they are much more common than mistborn . 
 -lrb- note : in allomancy , an allomancer has either one power or all of them . 
 there are no in-betweens with two or three . -rrb- 
 mistwraith : a nonsentient relative of the kandra people . 
 mistwraiths are globs of boneless flesh that scavenge the land at night , eating bodies they find , then using the skeletons for their own bodies . 
 moorden : one of the only obligators who chose to stay in luthadel and serve elend . 
 obligator : a member of the lord ruler 's priesthood . 
 obligators were more than just religious figures , however ; they were civil bureaucrats , and even a spy network . 
 a business deal or promise that was n't witnessed by an obligator was not considered legally or morally binding . 
 oreseur : a kandra employed by kelsier . 
 he once played the part of lord renoux , vin 's uncle . 
 vin now holds his contract . 
 penrod , ferson : one of the most prominent noblemen left in luthadel . 
 a member of elend 's assembly . 
 pewterarm : another term for a thug , a misting who can burn pewter . 
 philen : a prominent merchant in luthadel and a member of elend 's assembly . 
 pits of hathsin , the : a network of caverns that were once the only place in the final empire that produced atium . 
 the lord ruler used prisoners to work them . 
 kelsier destroyed their ability to produce atium shortly before he died . 
 pull -lrb- allomantic -rrb- : using allomancy to pull on something-either people 's emotions with zinc , or metals with iron . 
 push -lrb- allomantic -rrb- : using allomancy to push on something-either people 's emotions with brass , or metals with steel . 
 rashek : a terris packman before the ascension , rashek was hired by alendi to help him make the trek to the well of ascension . 
 rashek never got along well with alendi , and eventually killed him . 
 he took the power himself , and became the lord ruler . 
 reen : vin 's brother , the one who protected her and trained her as a thief . 
 reen was brutal and unforgiving , but he did save vin from their insane mother , then protected her during her childhood . 
 release -lrb- feruchemical -rrb- : when a feruchemist stops tapping a metalmind , no longer drawing forth its power . 
 renoux , lord : a nobleman that kelsier killed , then hired the kandra oreseur to imitate . 
 vin played the part of his niece , valette renoux . 
 riot -lrb- allomantic -rrb- : when an allomancer burns zinc and pulls on a person 's emotions , enflaming them . 
 rioter -lrb- allomantic -rrb- : a misting who can burn zinc . 
 saze : sazed 's nickname on the crew . 
 sazed : a terris keeper who joined kelsier 's crew against the wishes of his people , then helped overthrow the final empire . 
 seeker -lrb- allomantic -rrb- : a misting who can burn bronze . 
 shan elariel : elend 's former fiancee , a mistborn whom vin killed . 
 skaa : the peasantry of the final empire . 
 they were once of different races and nationalities , but over the thousand-year span of the empire the lord ruler worked hard to stamp out any sense of identity in the people , eventually succeeding in creating a single , homogeneous race of slave workers . 
 smoker -lrb- allomantic -rrb- : an allomancer who can burn copper . 
 also known as a coppercloud . 
 soothe -lrb- allomantic -rrb- : when an allomancer burns brass and pushes on a person 's emotions , dampening them . 
 soother : a misting who can burn brass . 
 spook : a tineye on kelsier 's crew . 
 the youngest member of the crew , spook was only fifteen when the lord ruler was overthrown . 
 he is clubs 's nephew , and was once known for his use of garbled street slang . 
 steel ministry : the lord ruler 's priesthood , consisting of a small number of steel inquisitors and a larger body of priests called obligators . 
 the steel ministry was more than just a religious organization ; it was the civic framework of the final empire as well . 
 straff venture : elend 's father , king of the northern dominance . 
 he makes his home in urteau . 
 survivor of sathsin : a cognomen of kelsier , referring to the fact that he is the only known prisoner to ever escape the prison camps at the pits of hathsin . 
 synod -lrb- terris -rrb- : the elite leaders of the terris keeper organization . 
 tap -lrb- feruchemical -rrb- : drawing power from within a feruchemist 's metalminds . 
 it is parallel to the term `` burn '' used by allomancers . 
 tathingdwen : capital of the terris dominance . 
 telden : one of elend 's old friends , with whom he would talk politics and philosophy . 
 tensoon : straff venture 's kandra . 
 terris : the dominance in the far north of the final empire . 
 it is the only dominance to retain the name of the kingdom it used to be , perhaps a sign of the lord ruler 's fondness for his homeland . 
 thug -lrb- allomantic -rrb- : a misting who can burn pewter . 
 tindwyl : a terris keeper and a member of the synod . 
 tineye : a misting who can burn tin . 
 urteau : capital of the northern dominance , and seat of house venture . 
 valette renoux : the alias that vin used when infiltrating noble society during the days before the collapse . 
 well of ascension : a mythological center of power from terris lore . 
 the well of ascension was said to hold a magical reserve of power that could be drawn upon by one who made the trek to visit it at the right time . 
 worldbringer : a sect of scholarly terris feruchemists before the collapse . 
 the subsequent order of keepers was based on the worldbringers . 
 yeden : a member of kelsier 's crew and the skaa rebellion . 
 he was killed during the fight against the lord ruler . 
 yomen , lord : an obligator in urteau who was politically opposed to cett . 
