 it all began when i was in my thursday bedroom doing my ghost practice . 
 i have always done regular ghost practice , as i was sure it would be much easier to find a ghost if the ghost thought that i was one too . 
 i have always wanted to find a ghost , but you know , even though our house is called spookie house , i have never , ever seen a single ghost , not even a very small one . 
 i thought that aunt tabby had scared them off -- she would scare me off if i were a ghost . 
 anyway , i was busy doing my practice and i had my ghost sheet over my head , which is why i tripped over sir horace 's left foot . 
 stupid thing . 
 and then his left foot fell off , and sir horace collapsed into hundreds of pieces . 
 stupid sir horace . 
 and then all the bits of stupid sir horace rolled all over the floor , and i stepped on his head and got my foot stuck inside it . 
 do n't worry , it was n't a real head . 
 sir horace is just a crummy old suit of armor that 's always hanging around here , lurking in various dark corners . 
 i was yelling at it to get off and hopping around shaking my foot like crazy , but sir horace 's stupid head was totally stuck . 
 then , with really great timing , aunt tabby shouted , `` breakfast ! '' 
 in that if-you-don ` t-come-down - right-now-and-get-it-i-shall-give-it-to-the - cat voice -- not that we have a cat , but she would if we did have one , i know she would . 
 so i gave my foot the biggest shake ever -- in fact , i am surprised my whole leg did n't come off -- and sir horace 's helmet flew off , -3 - shot out of the bedroom door , and hurtled down the attic stairs . 
 it made a fantastic noise . 
 i could hear it all the way down to the base - ment . 
 sound travels really well in this house , so i could easily hear aunt tabby 's scream , too . 
 i thought i 'd better get going , so i slid down the banister and hopped off at the landing . 
 i wanted to see if uncle drac had gone to sleep yet -- he works nights -- because if he had , i was going to wake him up and make him come downstairs with me just in case aunt tabby was going to pitch a fit . 
 his bedroom door is the little red one at the end of the top corri - dor , the one that goes to the turret . 
 i was very careful pushing the door open , as it 's a sheer drop down for miles . 
 uncle drac took all the floors out of the turret so that his bats could fly wherever they wanted . 
 uncle drac loves his bats ; he 'd do anything for them . 
 i love bats too . 
 they are so sweet . 
 i pushed big bat out of the way , and he fell all the way down to the bottom of the turret . 
 it did n't matter , though , as the floor of the tur - ret is about ten feet deep in bat poo , so it 's very soft . 
 without big bat clogging up the door , i could easily see uncle drac 's sleeping bag . 
 it was hanging from one of the joists like a great big flowery bat -- and it was empty . 
 great , i thought , he 's still downstairs with aunt tabby . 
 so , to save time , i slid down the big stairs ' banister and the basement stairs ' banister too -- which i 'm not meant to do as it keeps falling over -- and i was outside the second - kitchen-on-the-left-just-past-the-larder in no time . 
 it was suspiciously quiet in there . 
 oops , i thought , trouble . 
 q i pushed open the door really considerately , and i was glad i did as aunt tabby was sitting at the end of the long table , buttering some toast in a way that made you think the toast had said something really personal and rude . 
 it did n't look like a fun breakfast time , i thought . 
 the signs were not good . 
 first not-good sign : sitting in the middle of the table was sir horace 's helmet . 
 it had a lot more dents in it than when i last saw it , but that was obviously not my fault as it was okay when it left my foot . 
 second , third , fourth , and fifth not-good signs : aunt tabby was covered in soot -- apart from two little windows in her glasses which she had wiped clear so that she could attack the toast . 
 aunt tabby being covered in soot is one of the worst signs . 
 it means she has had a fight with the boiler and the boiler has won . 
 i sat down in my seat in a thoughtful and caring way . 
 uncle drac looked really relieved to see me . 
 you see , i live with my aunt and uncle because my parents went vampire hunting in transylvania when i was little and they never came back . 
 uncle drac was busy scraping out the last bit of his boiled egg , and he had soot all around his mouth from the sooty toast that aunt tabby had buttered for him . 
 `` hello , minty , '' he said . 
 `` hello , uncle drac , '' i said . 
 i tried to think of something nice to say to aunt tabby , but it was difficult to think of anything at all with sir horace 's helmet staring at me with its lit - tle beady eyes . 
 it does n't really have eyes , of course , but i often used to think it was looking at me , even though i was sure it was nothing more than an empty tin can . 
 aunt tabby plonked my bowl of oatmeal down in front of me , so i said , `` thank you , aunt tabby . '' 
 and then , because aunt tabby likes polite conversation at breakfast , i said , `` have you been having trouble with the boiler again , aunt tabby ? '' 
 `` yes , dear -- but not for very much longer , '' aunt tabby said , hardly moving her lips . 
 i used to think that when aunt tabby spoke like that she was practicing to be a ventriloquist , but now i know it means she has made her mind up about something and she does n't care whether you agree with her or not . 
 `` oh , why is that , aunt tabby ? '' 
 i asked espe - cially nicely , while i covered my oatmeal with brown sugar and stirred it all in really fast so that the oatmeal went a nice muddy color . 
 aunt tabby sort of gritted her teeth and said , `` do n't do that with the sugar dear . 
 because we 're moving , that 's why . '' 
 not much stops me dig - ging mud ditches in my oatmeal -- you know , the ones where you scrape a channel through it and it fills up with runny brown sugar , which i think looks just like mud -- but that did . 
 moving ? 
 what was she talking about ? 
 we could n't possibly move , not before i 'd found at least one ghost . 
 and i wanted to find a vampire and a werewolf , too . 
 i was sure there must be some in the cellar . 
 `` do n't leave your mouth open when it is full , dear , '' said aunt tabby , which i did n't think was fair as uncle drac had his mouth open too , and it was full of sooty toast , which looked disgusting . 
 then aunt tabby fixed uncle drac with her fiendish stare -lrb- which is nearly as good as mine -rrb- and said , `` drac , this house is far too big for us . 
 it is dusty and it is dirty , it is freezing cold and full of spiders . 
 the boiler is a menace . 
 we are moving to a nice , small , clean , modern apartment without a boiler . '' 
 `` but -- '' i tried to interrupt , but it was no q use . 
 aunt tabby just kept on going . 
 `` and when we have moved to an apart - ment , helmets from rusty old suits of armor wo n't keep landing on my toes , because we wo n't have any rusty old suits of armor . 
 sir horace can go to the recycling bin . 
 you can take him , drac . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 said uncle drac , looking a bit like one of my old goldfish used to look when the water in the fish bowl got very low . 
 at last i got a word in , even though i still had a mouthful of oatmeal , which i had been too shocked to swallow . 
 `` but we ca n't leave this house , '' i told aunt tabby . 
 `` nowhere would ever be the same as this ! '' 
 `` exactly , '' said aunt tabby , like i 'd agreed with her or something . 
 this house is for sale later that morning i was looking out of my thursday bedroom window and thinking about what aunt tabby had said . 
 i always find it easier to think when i am doing something , so i was busy picking off lumps of peeling black paint from around the windows and throwing them at the monster statues out on the parapet . 
 it was lucky that i looked down and noticed the man standing on the front doorstep . 
 he was wearing a shiny blue suit and was staring up at the house while he wrote down notes on his clipboard . 
 i knew what he was right away -- a real estate agent . 
 i could see aunt tabby meant business . 
 well , so did i . 
 so i got down from the window and hummed a happy tune to myself : `` la-di-da , la-di-da , time to clean out the fish bowl . '' 
 i found the old bowl in a dark corner , where i had put it after brian , my last goldfish , escaped . 
 i do n't know where brian went , but he never came back . 
 for sentimental reasons i had kept the bowl just as brian had left it , so it was full of slime , old weeds , and some very smelly green water . 
 the real estate agent was standing right underneath my win - dow . 
 i balanced the fish bowl on the win - dowsill and tipped it . 
 the sludge landed splat right on him . 
 bull 's - eye ! 
 the real estate agent had green goo all over his head and his shiny blue suit . 
 he just stood there for a moment -- like he was really sur - prised -- and spat out some bits of slippery weed . 
 then he looked up , and i aimed my fiendish stare at him . 
 he made a weird , spluttery , yelping noise and ran off down the path . 
 good riddance . 
 at lunchtime in the third-kitchen-on-the - right-just-around-the-corner-past-the-boil - er-room , i was not surprised to see that aunt tabby looked just as crabby as she had at breakfast . 
 `` these real estate agents are really most unreliable , '' she said as she stabbed a defense - less potato and thumped it down on my plate . 
 `` i have been waiting all morning for one , but he has n't even bothered to turn up . '' 
 i did n't say anything . 
 aunt tabby looked at me for a moment and then she said , `` i shall put my own sign up this afternoon . 
 you 'll enjoy helping me paint it , araminta . '' 
 `` wo n't , '' i told her . 
 i tried to avoid aunt tabby in the afternoon , but she found me down in the cellar looking for vampires and dragged me out to the garden . 
 `` it 's a lovely day , araminta , '' she burbled . 
 `` some sunshine would do you good . 
 you are looking quite pale . '' 
 well , of course i was looking pale . 
 it was because of the chalk dust all over my face . 
 vampire hunting is the same as ghost hunt - ing -- you have to look like one of them to have any chance of finding one . 
 i think i look pretty good as a vampire , although i would like to grow my teeth , too -lrb- but when i asked the dentist how i could do that , she was not exactly helpful -rrb- . 
 aunt tabby had cleared a patch of stinging nettles -- stinging nettles are what grow best in our garden -- and she had dumped down a piece of board and some old paints . 
 aunt tabby thinks she 's an artist , but i have my doubts . 
 `` come on , dear , '' she said , patting the ground beside her like we were going to have a picnic or something , `` you know you love painting . '' 
 `` do n't , '' i told her . 
 so i sat on the steps and kicked them , which is quite fun as they are very crumbly and you can often get big lumps of stone to drop off . 
 i watched aunt tabby really go for the paint in a big way until she had covered herself in as much paint as she had put on the board . 
 when she had run out of paint , aunt tabby fixed the board to a post and stuck it in the hedge . 
 the sign said : this house is for sale aunt tabby looked pleased . 
 she rubbed her painty hands all down the front of her dress and said , `` not too bad . 
 i have n't lost my touch . 
 what do you think , araminta ? '' 
 i did n't say what i thought , as it would not have been polite . 
 also i was thinking hard . 
 i -19 - badly needed a plan -- aunt tabby was not going to get away with this . 
 so while aunt tabby went indoors to shout at the boiler , i thought about my plan . 
 it did n't take long before i had one . 
 soon the sign said : huge hotels the next morning i was up early . 
 i knew aunt tabby was not going to give up eas - ily and i wanted to keep an eye on her , so after breakfast i hung around the hall , pre - tending to count the spiders . 
 everything -lrb- even aunt tabby -rrb- was suspiciously quiet -- until there was a knock on the door . 
 i rushed to open it , but aunt tabby , who had been lurking behind the clock , got there -21 - first . 
 she elbowed me out of the way -lrb- aunt tabby has really sharp elbows -rrb- and opened the door . 
 standing on the doorstep was a very styl - ish woman carrying a briefcase . 
 i did not like the look of her one bit , so i did my best fiendish stare . 
 i could tell it worked -- she suddenly went very pale and gulped a bit like brian used to . 
 she opened and closed her mouth as though she had forgotten how to talk , and then she said in a squeaky voice , `` i -- i 've come to see the house . 
 on behalf of huge hotels incorporated . '' 
 aunt tabby looked thrilled . 
 drat , i thought . 
 it was just my luck that this huge hotels person could n't read . 
 i stomped outside to check the sign , but it now said : this house is -- not for sale hmm ... aunt tabby was proving more tricky than i had expected . 
 she was busy showing huge hotels around the hall when i clomped back inside . 
 `` it 's very odd , dear , '' aunt tabby said with a funny kind of smile . 
 `` someone changed the sign last night . 
 i noticed it when uncle drac went to work . 
 i would n't be surprised if it was one of those estate agents . 
 anyway , i 've fixed it now , do n't you think ? '' 
 i did n't reply -- there was no time to lose . 
 i tore upstairs to my friday bedroom and grabbed my ghost kit . 
 i threw open the box and pulled out my white ghost sheet and emptied a bag of flour over it . 
 then i blew up a big balloon and put in one of my surprise - your-friends-with-a-strangled-ghost squealers . 
 i held on to the neck of the balloon really tightly to stop the air escaping , then i put the floury sheet over my head so that it covered me and the balloon . 
 i was ready . 
 soon i could hear aunt tabby clumping up the stairs in her big boots , followed by huge hotels 's scared little clip-clop sounds . 
 it was time to go . 
 i opened my bedroom door , and in the old mirror on the landing i could see a small , fat , -24 - dusty ghost shuffling out . 
 i did n't look as scary as i had hoped , but it was pretty good . 
 it was very difficult going down the attic stairs , but i managed to reach the bottom . 
 then i climbed onto the old chest by the landing window and hid behind the curtains . 
 yes ! 
 the ambush was set . 
 i could hear aunt tabby and huge hotels incorporated just along the corridor . 
 aunt tabby was rattling on about how she personally liked the dripping taps in the bathroom , and huge hotels was muttering stuff to herself : `` great potential ... old world charm ... theme hotel ... '' we 'll see about that , i thought . 
 i jumped off the chest and let go of the squealer . 
 aiiieeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee ! 
 it was great . 
 huge hotels went totally pale . 
 i could tell that she knew she had made a big mistake . 
 she spun around and screamed . 
 really screamed . 
 while she was screaming , i hung on to the curtains and waved my arms a lot so that the flour flew all over the place like a thick white mist . 
 the strangled-ghost squealer was great -- it kept on squealing and squealing -- but just to make sure of things , i made some really horrible groans , too . 
 huge hotels was not giving up easily . 
 her screams were amazing -- really piercing -- and she did n't stop , not even to breathe . 
 aunt tabby grabbed hold of huge hotels to try and calm her down , but huge hotels did n't want to calm down . 
 no way . 
 just then some flour got stuck in my throat and made me choke a bit -- well , quite a lot , actually -- and that was when huge hotels stopped screaming and just stared at me , although she still had her mouth open like she wanted to scream . 
 she started inching slowly backward along the corridor and went straight through one of the oldest cobwebs , where the biggest , hairiest spiders live -- and i saw the biggest , hairiest spider of them all fall down her front . 
 huge hotels let out a piercing shriek that made my ears ring . 
 she tore down the stairs and was out of the front door in two seconds flat . 
 i was impressed . 
 `` that was fast , '' i said , throwing off my sheet and taking a breath of flour-free air . 
 aunt tabby looked cross . 
 `` really , araminta , what are you doing ? '' 
 she said . 
 `` i do n't know what 's gotten into you . 
 is that my best self-rising flour you 've been using ? '' 
 `` yes , '' i told her . 
 `` but it did n't work . 
 my feet did n't leave the ground once . '' 
 aunt tabby tut-tutted and scooped up the spiders that had fallen off their cobwebs and gotten covered with flour . 
 then she carried q them down to the kitchens to dust them off . 
 i sat by the moldy curtains in the middle of a pile of flour and unwrapped my ghost sheet . 
 things were going well , i thought , but i knew aunt tabby was not going to give up that easily . 
 sir horace saturday morning was not a great morn - ing . 
 aunt tabby was cleaning the boiler -- again . 
 usually i stay out of the way when aunt tabby goes anywhere near the boiler , but today was different . 
 i wanted to collect new supplies of flour for my ghost box , as i thought i might be needing it soon , and aunt tabby keeps all her flour in the third-pantry - on-the-left-just-past-the-boiler-room . 
 i had nearly passed the boiler room safely when aunt tabby looked up and saw me . 
 drat . 
 i could see she was going to be trouble . 
 she had a big sooty scrubbing brush in her hand , and she had just kicked over a bucket of water . 
 i was right ; she was trouble . 
 `` araminta dear , '' said aunt tabby , `` will you please go and put sir horace back together . 
 he has spent two whole days in pieces now . '' 
 sir horace ? 
 since when has aunt tabby bothered about sir horace ? 
 `` do i have to ? '' 
 i asked , annoyed . 
 i had better things to do than put a heap of rusty junk back together . 
 why was aunt tabby always popping up when you least wanted to see her ? 
 `` yes , you do have to . '' 
 aunt tabby kicked the grate . 
 `` there are some people coming who want to buy the house , and i think a nice suit of armor in the hall will make a good impression . 
 people like suits of armor . 
 and araminta -- '' `` what ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` i want everything left nice and tidy , please ! 
 the people are coming this afternoon . '' 
 `` this afternoon ? '' 
 i gasped . 
 `` but that does n't give me nearly enough time to -- '' oops . 
 `` to what ? '' 
 asked aunt tabby suspiciously , peering at me through her sooty spectacles . 
 `` to ... er ... clean up my room , '' i told her in my nicest voice . 
 `` well , you had better get a move on then , had n't you , dear ? '' 
 said aunt tabby . 
 `` and take that awful old helmet back up with you . '' 
 i picked up sir horace 's helmet and got out of aunt tabby 's way . 
 not more people coming to see the house , i thought . 
 could n't they read the sign outside ? 
 i went out into the garden to see if aunt tabby had changed the sign , but she had n't . 
 it still said : this haunted house is -- not for sale i did n't understand it . 
 why would anyone want to buy a haunted house ? 
 but just to make sure , i added a bit more to the sign : this horrible haunted house is -- not for sale i dumped sir horace 's helmet on the floor in my saturday bedroom -- which is my favorite , as you can only get to it by climbing up a rope ladder and then squeezing through a small door , which keeps aunt tabby out . 
 the trouble was , the rest of sir horace still lay all over the floor of my thursday bed - room , so it took forever to bring all the pieces down the corridor and then throw them up through the door . 
 i am a pretty good shot , but i have to admit that not all the pieces got through the door the first time . 
 i started to put sir horace back together and , while i was working out which arm went where , i thought about my plans for the afternoon . 
 i thought that maybe i would try the molasses on the doorknob with the invisible tripwire plan , although it might need the slimebucket surprise , too , just to q make sure . 
 but whatever i was going to do , i had to get sir horace finished quickly , as aunt tabby was sure to come and check . 
 sir horace was really difficult to put back together . 
 there were even more dents in him now , and lots of the pieces would n't go back where they were meant to , no matter how hard i pounded them . 
 it was very irritating . 
 it was nearly lunchtime by the time i had put sir horace back together -- all , that is , except for his left foot . 
 his left foot was just about the most stupid left foot i have ever known . 
 i was feeling very annoyed , so i told sir horace exactly what was what . 
 `` it 's all right for you , sir horace , you moldy old rust bucket , '' i said , `` but i 've got much more important things to do . 
 if i do n't get my plans ready , then some really stupid peo - ple who ca n't even read a perfectly obvious sign are going to buy this house , and we will have to move out . 
 and when we do , aunt tabby is going to throw you in the recycling bin . 
 and then you 'll be taken away and squashed flat like a pancake and melted down and made into hundreds of tins -- which will probably be filled up with cat food . 
 ha-ha . '' 
 by now i was really annoyed with his left foot . 
 i banged it upside down on the floor and it rattled . 
 i shook it again , and then something really exciting happened -- a small brass key fell out . 
 i could tell it was a very old key , as it was worn quite smooth as if it had been in some - one 's pocket for hundreds of years . 
 but the -39 - best part was that it had an old brown label tied to it , and on the label was some faint spidery writing in very old-fashioned letters . 
 i could just about read what it said : this be the keye to balconie -lrb- doth fitt all doors -rrb- `` balconie '' was a funny word , and i won - dered what it meant . 
 it sounded like a faraway land or an ancient underground city . 
 maybe , i thought , the key belonged to a treasure chest on a desert island called balconie . 
 i said the word out loud to myself , imagining the palm trees swaying and the water lapping at my feet , and then i realized what balconie was . 
 it was only the boring old balcony above the hall . 
 and who would want to go there ? 
 the secret passage i have a secret passage kit , just like my ghost kit . 
 i have always wanted to find a secret passage , and now i was sure that at last i had the key to one . 
 first i opened my secret passage kit box and took out a flashlight , a ball of string , and some emergency supplies of cheese and onion chips . 
 you need a flashlight because secret passages are always dark , and you need a ball of string so that you can find your way out again -- i 'll tell you how that works in a minute . 
 you need emergency food supplies , as you never know how long you are going to be in the secret passage , do you ? 
 i mean it might be a really long one , and you could be in there for days . 
 weeks , even . 
 then i set off to look for the secret door . 
 i thought that the most likely place was in the wood paneling under the stairs . 
 it sounds hollow when you kick it . 
 but finding the door was n't as easy as i thought it might be , as every - thing was covered in aunt tabby 's favorite thick brown paint . 
 when i looked really hard , i was sure i could see a keyhole-shaped dip . 
 i scraped off the paint with the end of the key and there it was -- a small brass keyhole just the right size for the small brass key . 
 it fit perfectly . 
 so i turned the key and the best thing ever hap - pened -- a secret door swung open . 
 i switched on my flashlight and shone it through the doorway . 
 it looked exactly like a secret passage should look -- dark , dusty , and really , really secret . 
 you could tell that no one had been in there for years . 
 weird , i thought , because now i was going in . 
 on my own . 
 i 'm not saying that i wished aunt tabby was there with me just then , as she was the last person i wanted to see , but i would n't have minded a friend or someone like that . 
 i do n't want you to think that i was frightened of going in on my own , as i am quite used to doing stuff on my own and it is perfectly okay . 
 no problem at all . 
 here 's the thing about the string . 
 when you go into a secret passage , you have to tie one end of a ball of string to something and then you unwind the string as you go , so that you can always find your way back again . 
 there was a nail on the back of the secret door , so i tied the string to that . 
 perfect . 
 then i closed the door so that aunt tabby did n't notice anything unusual , switched on my flashlight , and set off along the passage , unwinding the string as i went . 
 the secret passage was really strange . 
 it -45 - was very narrow and full of cobwebs and it smelled funny , kind of damp and moldy . 
 i think it ran behind the wooden paneling of the landing , as it had really scratchy wooden walls . 
 although it was narrow , it was quite high and easy to walk along , even though i had to keep pushing really thick cobwebs out of the way . 
 it 's a good thing i do n't mind spi - ders , as there were dozens of those . 
 really fat ones . 
 i was n't scared . 
 not really . 
 after all , i was still in my house , was n't i ? 
 but it was a bit odd when the passage suddenly ended at a wooden platform . 
 i was n't sure whether to step onto the platform or not . 
 anyone who knows about secret passages has heard about booby traps and stuff like that , so i stopped and thought about what to do . 
 i shone my flashlight all around , but it was n't much help . 
 when i looked more closely , i could see that the platform had sides , a bit like a packing case , and there were ropes running up and down on either side . 
 it reminded me of something , but i could n't think what . 
 and then i could ! 
 it was a dumbwaiter . 
 no , i am not being rude about some poor old waiter -- a dumbwaiter is a kind of eleva - tor . 
 i knew that because there used to be one just like it in the first-kitchen-on-the-right - just-past-the-laundry-room , and that is what aunt tabby used to call it . 
 i remember one rainy day i was so bored and i got inside the elevator and hauled myself up to the dining room . 
 it was the best fun ever , and i spent all afternoon going up and down until aunt tabby caught me . 
 after that she nailed a load of planks across it so that i could n't go in it anymore , which i thought was mean . 
 so i stepped onto the platform and pulled on the rope , just as i had before . 
 the platform kind of groaned a bit , but noth - ing happened . 
 i put my flash - light down and used two hands to pull the rope really hard -- and the platform moved ! 
 i guess that bit was a little scary , as the platform started going down into what felt like a dark chimney , and i was n't sure where i was heading . 
 i was pretty pleased when i saw the top of an old door appear . 
 i stopped the platform outside the door . 
 i could tell it was a very old door , as it had big iron hinges across it and looked as though it had come out of a castle or something . 
 but i could n't see a handle and , when i pushed it , it would n't move . 
 stupid door . 
 i gave it a really big push , i even kicked it , but nothing happened . 
 it just would n't budge . 
 fitt then i remembered what it said on the all doors . '' 
 label on the little brass key -- `` doth i did n't really believe the key would fit , as it was so small compared with the door , but when i looked carefully i saw a small brass keyhole , just like the one on the door to the secret passage . 
 the key turned easily , and the door swung open . 
 i shone my flashlight through the doorway , and it lit up a tiny room . 
 the room had a small fireplace , some very dark and dusty pictures , and some big old candles in brass holders on the walls . 
 in one corner there was a broken old chair with some tattered books piled up on it , and on the floor in front of the fireplace was an old rug . 
 i just stood there for a moment , kind of holding my breath . 
 it was so quiet that i hardly dared go in . 
 but i did . 
 i tiptoed in and swung my flashlight around the walls , looking for a door to the balcony . 
 of course there were no windows , but you would n't expect any in a secret room in the very middle of a house , would you ? 
 but sure enough , there was a door . 
 great , i thought . 
 it took me three steps to cross the room . 
 i put the small brass key in the door and it swung open . 
 i nearly walked straight out , as i really wanted to get to the balcony by then , because time was getting on , but i knew that you always have to look where you 're going in a secret passage . 
 it 's a good thing i did , as the door opened out into nothing . 
 a great big deep hole , in fact . 
 scary . 
 a gust of warm , musty wind blew up from the hole . 
 it smelled kind of sooty and damp at the same time . 
 i shone my flashlight and saw that there was an old wooden ladder leading down to ... where ? 
 but i did n't want to go down the ladder ; i wanted to find the balcony . 
 so i went back into the room and did all the things you have to do to make a secret door appear . 
 i tried to turn the brass candlesticks , but they would n't q move . 
 i looked behind all the old pictures , but there was nothing there . 
 i even kicked the old fireplace , but it felt as solid as a rock . 
 there was no way out to the balcony -- that was for sure . 
 so i decided to climb down the ladder . 
 it was a bit scary getting onto the ladder . 
 it wobbled and creaked a lot , but i knew that you have to expect these things in a secret passage . 
 then the door slammed , and i nearly fell off . 
 that was really scary . 
 i set off down the ladder , which was quite difficult , as i could only hold on to it with one hand since i had my flashlight in the other hand -- and the ball of string in my teeth . 
 i do n't like the taste of string . 
 the other thing i did n't like very much was the way the air was getting hotter and hotter . 
 i remembered about how it gets hotter as you get near the center of the earth , and the more i climbed down the ladder , the more i won - dered if i was getting too close to that bit in the middle where all the rocks melt . 
 but just as i was wondering whether to go back up , i got to the bottom of the lad - der and stepped onto the ground . 
 edmund aunt tabby may think it is a big joke to go around frightening people who are exploring secret passages , but i do not . 
 in fact , i think it is in very poor taste , as uncle drac would say . 
 it did not take me long to realize that ball-and-chain ghosts do not scream , `` drat this boiler ! '' 
 in fact , i do n't think that ball-and-chain ghosts are even a little bit interested in boilers . 
 `` drat this boiler ! 
 i hate this grate ! '' 
 i could hear aunt tabby yelling through the wall of the secret passage as clearly as if i was standing next to her . 
 i was glad i was n't standing next to her , as i could also hear her kicking the coal scuttle and throwing the shovel at the wall . 
 but time was running out . 
 soon a whole bunch of people who liked haunted houses would be walking around my house , deciding that they were going to live there instead of me . 
 and if i was not careful , i would be stuck in a secret passage and not able to do a thing about it . 
 i decided i had to give up on the balcony idea and go back and plan a slimebucket surprise . 
 it was better than nothing . 
 since aunt tabby had given me a really big fright , i wanted to give her one back before i went . 
 i looked for a chink in the wall to shine my flashlight through so that she would think there was a ghost in the boiler room -- and that was when i saw him . 
 i saw a ghost . 
 he was sitting in a dark corner a bit far - ther down the secret passage . 
 at first i was so surprised that i thought he was just an ordi - nary boy , so i said , `` hey ! 
 what are you doing here ? '' 
 but when he looked up at me , there was something about his face that made me shiver , and i knew he must be a ghost . 
 he had watery , ghostly eyes , and his face was kind of transparent and glowed with a pale light . 
 i thought he was probably a ghost from long ago , as he had a funny bowl hair - cut and wore a tunic with a long hood . 
 he had a dagger tucked into his belt too , which i thought looked pretty good -- aunt tabby wo n't let me have a dagger , however much i ask her . 
 in fact , i felt as though i had seen him some - where before , as he looked just like the pic - tures of medieval pages in my knight-time storybook . 
 i was pleased that he was n't a nasty ball - and-chain ghost . 
 i went up to him and asked , just to make sure , `` are you a real ghost ? '' 
 he did n't answer -- in fact he looked scared , like he had seen a ghost . 
 it was a bit disappointing , really , as that was kind of backward . 
 i was meant to be scared of him . 
 `` so what 's your name ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he still did n't answer , which i thought was rude . 
 aunt tabby would have told him it was rude too . 
 he looked away and stared at the floor , and i could tell he was hoping that i would just go away . 
 but there was no way i was going to walk away from the very first ghost i had ever found , especially after i 'd been looking for one for such a long time . 
 `` you must have a name , '' i told him . 
 i had expected a ghost to be more fun than this one was turning out to be . 
 but then i heard some - thing that made the hairs on the back of my neck stand up . 
 a weird , hollow whisper filled up the air all around me . 
 `` edmund ... '' the whisper said . 
 it was him -- the ghost boy -- talking . 
 and it was spooky . 
 edmund floated up from the floor and drifted over toward me . 
 i took a step back , as i suddenly was n't so sure that i wanted to talk to a ghost after all . 
 and then edmund said something really odd -- he said , `` are you the tabitha ? '' 
 he spoke with a strange accent that reminded me of some french people who had once turned up at the house , thinking it was a guesthouse . 
 they had n't stayed long . 
 `` no , '' i told him , `` i 'm the ... i 'm araminta . '' 
 `` good , '' said edmund , and he sort of walked up the wall and began to wander upside down along the ceiling . 
 `` i do not like the tabitha , '' he said in his funny accent . 
 `` the tabitha is noisy . '' 
 he had a point , i thought . 
 there were times when i did n't like the tabitha either , and the tabitha was most definitely noisy . 
 in fact , just as edmund was saying that , i could hear aunt tabby angrily shoveling coal into the boiler and banging the door closed with a loud clang . 
 i figured edmund must have heard a lot of aunt tabby 's tantrums over the years . 
 then , just as i was beginning to like edmund , he said , `` you must go now . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 i asked him . 
 `` you must go . 
 you may not come any closer . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 he did n't answer . 
 he just floated up and down in front of me with his arms out - stretched , as if he could stop me from going past him . 
 the balcony edmund glowed really brightly , so i switched off my flashlight to conserve the batteries . 
 conserving your batteries is something you should always think about in a secret passage , as you never know how long you might be there , and it is the worst disas - ter ever to be in a secret passage with no light . 
 i followed edmund floating along the passage , and i thought about aunt tabby on the other side of the wall and how she would have a fit if she knew what i was doing right then -- but not as much of a fit as she was going to have when i sprang my awful ambush from the balcony . 
 soon i was climbing back up the rickety old ladder while edmund just floated up in front of me . 
 i thought how much easier it was for a ghost to go up ladders than a regular person . 
 it did n't seem fair somehow , espe - cially as i had to carry my flashlight and wind up my ball of string as i went . 
 when we got to the top , edmund stopped outside the door . 
 `` go on , '' i told him . 
 i could n't see why he had stopped , as everyone knows that ghosts can go right through doors . 
 `` this door is difficult , '' he said . 
 `` i should not come here . 
 it is not my room . '' 
 `` it 's all right , '' i said . 
 `` i 've got the key . '' 
 edmund sounded surprised . 
 `` you have the q key ? '' 
 he kind of murmured , and he began to shimmer and flicker . 
 then suddenly he was gone -- straight through the door . 
 and i was left stuck at the top of a horrible old ladder in the dark . 
 great . 
 after fiddling around with the key for ages , i unlocked the door and kind of fell into the room . 
 edmund was floating there , just looking at me in a really unhelpful way . 
 `` so where exactly is the balcony then ? '' 
 i asked as i picked myself up . 
 edmund pointed to the fireplace . 
 `` it is through there . '' 
 `` well , that 's just stupid , '' i told him . 
 `` how do i get through a fireplace ? 
 it 's all very well for you . 
 you 're a ghost , but i ca n't just walk through a sooty old fireplace just like that -- '' `` you talk just like the tabitha , '' said edmund . 
 `` you make my ears hurt . 
 where is the key ? '' 
 `` what key ? '' 
 i asked crossly . 
 `` the key to the balcony , '' he said as though i was really stupid or something . 
 `` the one you carry upon your person . '' 
 `` upon my what ? '' 
 i said , and then i realized what he meant and fished the key out of my pocket . 
 `` here you are , '' i said , and gave it to him . 
 of course , it just dropped straight through his hand and fell onto the floor . 
 duh . 
 i had forgotten for a moment that edmund was a ghost , since he was being just -69 - as irritating as a real boy . 
 `` place the key in the keyhole , '' said edmund , and he waved his hand at a small keyhole in the middle of the fireplace that i had n't noticed before . 
 `` for it opens the way to the balcony . 
 farewell . '' 
 then he shot off through the door and disappeared . 
 i put the key in the keyhole and turned it . 
 it worked ! 
 the fireplace slid sideways , and a bril - liant beam of sunlight pierced the room . 
 i squeezed through the opening and there i was at last -- on the balcony . 
 it was weird standing miles above the hall . 
 everything looked so small and far away . 
 i suppose that is what birds feel like all the time when they hang around in the big old trees out in the garden . 
 i was so pleased that i was on the balcony at last that i very nearly yelled out to aunt tabby to come and see where i was -- luckily , i stopped myself just in time . 
 but the best thing of all was that when i looked down , i could see the balcony was right above the floor in front of the doormat where people who have never been to the house always stop and stare . 
 they often have their mouths open too , although they never seem to say much -- and i have known them to stay like that for quite a long time . 
 it was perfect . 
 araminta 's awful ambush was going to be the best . 
 sir horace guess who it was ? 
 no , not aunt tabby . 
 no , it was n't uncle drac , either . 
 it was sir horace . 
 `` good morning ! '' 
 he said in a really strange , booming voice that came from somewhere inside his suit of armor . 
 it sounded so spooky that i got covered in goose bumps all over and my knees felt funny . 
 `` ger-good morning , sir horace , '' i gulped . 
 i considered making a run for it back down the secret passage , but i did n't think my legs would work very well . 
 sir horace loomed over me and looked very wobbly . 
 i edged away , as i did n't give much for his chances of staying in one piece for very long -- since it was me who had put him back together -- and i could do without a rusty chunk of armor landing on me just then . 
 i thought that perhaps i had better try and explain things . 
 i know explaining things does n't always help , especially if the person you are explaining to is aunt tabby , but i thought sir horace might be different . 
 so i said in my best polite voice , `` er ... i 'm very sorry , sir horace . 
 but i ... er ... i thought you were just a ... um ... '' `` a moldy old rust bucket , '' sir horace fin - ished my sentence for me , which aunt tabby says is very rude . 
 `` ah ... '' i mumbled , trying to remember what else i had called sir horace when i was putting him back together . 
 in fact , i still thought he was a moldy old rust bucket , but i had n't expected him to be a talking rust bucket . 
 i thought i had better check out the ghost situation with sir horace , so i asked him , `` are you a ghost as well ? '' 
 `` as well as what ? '' 
 he boomed . 
 `` ah -- as well as being a knight of the realm , you mean . 
 why yes , miss spookie , indeed i am a ghost . 
 the ghost of sir horace harbinger of hernia hall , at your service . '' 
 he made a sweeping bow . 
 three bolts fell from his neck and rat - tled down the stairs . 
 wow . 
 that meant he was my second ghost that morning -- what were the chances of that ? 
 of course , it was typical , i thought . 
 i spend years looking for a ghost and then two come along at once , and just as aunt tabby is about to throw me and uncle drac out of the house , too . 
 but it all made sense to me now . 
 sir horace never stayed in the same place for very long , and i had always thought that aunt tabby moved him around at night as a sort of joke . 
 it would be just the sort of stupid joke that aunt tabby would like . 
 but now i under - stood -- sir horace moved himself around . 
 `` i 'm really sorry about your helmet -- er ... i mean , your head , '' i said , trying not to remember how i had kicked it all the way down the stairs . 
 i hoped he did n't remember either . 
 `` got a terrible headache , '' said sir horace . 
 `` oh . 
 yes , well i suppose you would have , '' i said sympathetically . 
 `` walking 's not too easy either , '' he said . 
 we both looked down at his left foot , which was still jammed on back to front . 
 `` er ... no , i can see it might not be , '' i said in my best helpful voice . 
 `` but '' -- he boomed and kind of rattled at the same time -- `` that is not what is bothering me . 
 what is bothering me is this house-selling business . '' 
 `` oh , good , '' i told him , `` because that 's bothering me , too . '' 
 sir horace swayed a bit , and i dodged an old spring as it flew off his neck and pinged onto the floor . 
 `` and this ... cycling thing , '' he said . 
 for a moment i was confused , as i was sure i had never seen sir horace out on a bike . 
 and then i realized what he meant . 
 `` you mean recycling , '' i told him . 
 `` do i ? '' 
 he boomed . 
 `` well , do n't like the -79 - sound of it whatever it 's called . 
 never did care for tins myself . 
 impossible to open . 
 ca n't stand cat food . '' 
 and then , with a horrible teeth-on - edge creaking noise , sir horace stood up as straight as he could -- which was not very straight at all -- and took a deep breath . 
 `` something , '' he boomed so loud that i was afraid aunt tabby would hear , `` something must be done . 
 this house must not be sold ! '' 
 `` exactly ! '' 
 i agreed . 
 `` and i 've got a really great idea . 
 i 'm going to do my awful ambush from the balcony and -- '' `` from my balcony ? '' 
 he interrupted . 
 `` in my room ? '' 
 oops -- so it was sir horace 's room . 
 and it seemed like he did n't like anyone going in there . 
 i could understand how he felt , as i do n't like aunt tabby going into any of my bedrooms either . 
 she always manages to mess something up . 
 i thought i ought to explain . 
 `` i 'm sorry , sir horace , but i found the key in your foot , and -- '' but he interrupted again . 
 `` i know , '' he said , wiggling his left foot about as though he had pins and needles in it -- which i knew for sure he did n't , as i had already emptied it out and all i had found was the key . 
 `` i remember that very well . 
 i had my head back on by then . '' 
 `` i 'm really sorry , '' i said . 
 `` would you like your key back ? '' 
 sir horace shook his head very slowly , and it made a horrible grinding noise , like a pep-per mill . 
 `` please keep the key , miss spookie , '' he said . 
 `` i would be very pleased for you to use my balcony for your awful ambush . 
 i myself have done many awful ambushes from there in years gone by . 
 they can be very effective . 
 i will ask my faithful page , edmund , to assist you . '' 
 aha . 
 so that was who edmund was , i thought . 
 `` thank you very much , sir horace , '' i said . 
 `` you are most welcome , miss spookie , '' he replied , and bowed low . 
 `` careful ! '' 
 i shouted , but it was too late . 
 sir horace 's head fell off and rolled along the corridor . 
 i caught it just as it started bounc - ing down the stairs , but unfortunately aunt tabby saw me as she was attacking some spi - derwebs on the landing below . 
 `` have n't you put sir horace back together yet , araminta ? '' 
 she snapped at the same time as she made a hundred spiders homeless . 
 aunt tabby likes making spiders and people homeless . 
 `` nearly finished , aunt tabby , '' i told her , and i rushed back to find sir horace . 
 he was sitting on the bottom step looking surprised . 
 well , i think that was how he was looking , although it was hard to tell . 
 i put his head back on . 
 i was more careful this time , and i could tell it had gone on the right way as there was a little click when it settled onto his shoulders . 
 `` ooh , that 's better , '' he said . 
 `` that crick in my neck has completely gone . '' 
 he moved his head about , and it did n't make the pepper mill noise any more . 
 i felt pleased . 
 then he hung on to the banister and heaved himself up , so that he was standing almost straight , and he said , `` well , jolly good , then , miss spookie . 
 you do your ambush and leave the rest to me . '' 
 `` great , '' i said . 
 `` right ho . 
 and tell young edmund i said to provide you with all necessary assistance . 
 until we meet again , miss spookie . '' 
 he started to bow , but then he changed his mind . 
 ambush kit you need a lot of stuff for an awful ambush . 
 and most of the things i needed were -- bats . 
 lots and lots of bats . 
 so i went off to uncle drac 's turret to catch as many as i could . 
 i 'm pretty good at catching bats , as i always help uncle drac with them whenever they escape . 
 aunt tabby hates bats . 
 she thinks that they are going to nest in her hair , but no self-respecting bat would want to go anywhere near aunt tabby 's hair , as it is stuffed full of hairpins . 
 they would be bat-kebabs in five seconds flat . 
 anyway , i found my bat sack and soon i was crawling very carefully along a rafter at the top of the turret . 
 uncle drac was fast asleep , snoring in his sleeping bag , which hung from the rafters and swayed with each snore . 
 there was a crowd of bats fast asleep all around him , although i do n't think the bats were snoring . 
 or perhaps i just could n't hear them . 
 maybe bat snores are too high - pitched for humans to hear . 
 `` here , bats , '' i whispered , and scooped up as many as i could and stuffed them into the sack . 
 the bats did n't mind ; they liked my bat sack . 
 well , all except big bat , who does not like anything , as he is a grumpy old bat . 
 but i really wanted to have big bat in the ambush since i figured he would be pretty scary . 
 i grabbed him when he was n't looking , and he squeaked really loudly . 
 uncle drac stopped snoring and snuffled a bit in his sleeping bag , and i froze . 
 i really did n't want him to wake up , as i knew he would not let me have any of his precious bats , even if they were going to save the house from a lot of stupid people who wanted to take it away from us . 
 uncle drac 's bats are more important to him than anything else in the world . 
 when i had enough bats , i took them all down to sir horace 's room and left them roosting in the dark . 
 they looked really happy . 
 the next thing i needed for the awful ambush kit was ... strawberry jell-o . 
 this was more difficult , as i had to go back into aunt tabby 's territory . 
 i had to get to the fourth - kitchen-on-the-right-just-past-the-boiler - room . 
 i zoomed by the boiler room at top speed , and i did n't see aunt tabby anywhere , although there was a large pile of soot in the corner , so i knew she 'd be around soon to sweep it up . 
 in no time at all , i was in the fourth - kitchen-on-the-right-just-past-the-boiler - room and had found what i was looking for -- a giant box of mix for extra-sticky strawberry jell-o . 
 i had made two buckets full of strawberry jell-o and was slowly slopping my way along the basement corri - dor with them when , sure enough , i heard aunt tabby . 
 `` is that you , dear ? '' 
 she called out . 
 i do n't like it when aunt tabby says `` dear '' like that , -90 - through gritted teeth . 
 it always means trouble . 
 i sped up as fast as i could , but it was too late . 
 you can never escape aunt tabby , however hard you try . 
 as i splashed past the open door to the boiler room , the large pile of soot spoke to me . 
 `` well done , dear , '' said the pile of soot . 
 `` it 's very sweet of you to clean your bed - rooms . 
 it makes such a difference if people see a nice clean house . 
 i just hope they get to see a nice clean boiler as well . 
 `` the pile of soot shook itself , and i could see it was really aunt tabby with a broom . 
 `` you know , i have a funny feeling that these people will be just right for the house , '' she said . 
 i stomped off with my buckets . 
 `` funny feeling , '' i muttered . 
 `` i 'll show them a funny feeling all right . '' 
 i soon had all the other stuff for the awful ambush . 
 i had : q a large bag of assorted spiders q a big pile of pillowcases qa massive tub of strangled ghost squealers q a huge box of balloons q a giant bag of flour qqq i took it all down to sir horace 's room and dumped it in a big pile in the middle of the floor . 
 phew . 
 and then someone coughed . 
 i jumped about six feet into the air and nearly fell into a bucket of extra-sticky strawberry jell-o . 
 `` hello , '' said edmund . 
 `` you should n't go creeping up on people like that , '' i told him , `` especially if you are a ghost . 
 someone could hurt themselves . '' 
 `` but sir horace told me to come and help you , '' edmund said . 
 `` he said that there were some people coming who were going to put him in a dust bin with some bicycles and make him into cat food . 
 but i do not understand why they wish to do this . '' 
 `` it 's because of the tabitha , '' i told edmund . 
 `` ah , '' said edmund , `` i see . '' 
 after that edmund was really helpful . 
 first we got the `` ghosts '' ready -- edmund blew up the balloons and i put the squealers in . 
 i tied a slipknot around the ends so that i could set them off quickly . 
 i put the balloons in the pillowcases and poured flour over them , then i opened the fireplace and edmund wafted the `` ghosts '' out onto the balcony . 
 next i scooped all the spiders out of the spider bag and hung them from the bars of the balcony . 
 it was perfect -- they dangled just above the place where people always stopped with their mouths wide open . 
 last of all i carried out the buckets of extra-sticky strawberry jell-o and set them up on the edge of the balcony . 
 we left the bats sleeping in sir horace 's room until they were needed . 
 then edmund and i sat down behind the buckets and waited . 
 araminta 's awful ambush w e did n't have to wait long -- soon someone was banging on the front door so hard that i was surprised the door did n't fall off , just like it did last week . 
 aunt tabby was at the top of the basement stairs in no time . 
 she was still covered in soot , and she was looking around to see if i was going to try and race her to the front door like i usually do . 
 she looked really pleased when she realized i was n't there , and she scurried across the hall like the biggest spider you have ever seen and pulled the front door open with a thump , spraying soot everywhere . 
 standing on the doorstep was the weirdest bunch of people . 
 edmund stared at them like he had never seen anything like them before in his life -- which i suppose he had n't , since he 'd last been alive about five hundred years ago . 
 the first person on the doorstep was a short , round woman wearing sunglasses and a bright pink dress . 
 she was holding an extremely fat black cat . 
 who takes their cat with them to look at a house ? 
 weird . 
 next was a really tall , thin man . 
 he was wearing a bright green coat and long , yellow pointed boots . 
 on his head he had a blue bowler hat with a small green frog on the top of it . 
 i thought it was probably a stuffed frog until it hopped off his hat and landed on the smallest person on the doorstep . 
 she looked really boring , and a little stupid . 
 well , quite a lot stupid , actually . 
 she had short , mousy hair and was wearing a blue school top and a gray skirt . 
 the only slightly interesting thing about her was the green frog that was now sitting on top of her head . 
 but the green frog soon got bored too , and it hopped straight back onto the blue bowler hat . 
 aunt tabby looked at the weird people like they were the best things she 'd seen all day . 
 `` how lovely to see you , '' she cooed in her very best polite voice . 
 `` do come in . '' 
 `` thank you , '' said the sunglasses woman . 
 `` so nice to meet you , mrs. ... er ? '' 
 `` spookie , '' said aunt tabby . 
 `` tabitha spookie . '' 
 `` i am brenda wizzard , '' said the sunglasses woman . 
 `` this is my husband , barry , and our daughter , wanda . 
 we saw your wonderful sign and we 'd love to buy your house . '' 
 `` great , '' said aunt tabby . 
 `` do come in . '' 
 the weird people who wanted to steal my house walked into the hall and stood just where i expected them to stand -- right under the balcony . 
 perfect . 
 and then they did just what i expected them to do -- they gazed around in amazement with their mouths wide open . 
 fantastic ! 
 `` ready ? '' 
 i asked edmund . 
 he nodded . 
 so i set the `` ghosts '' off . 
 wheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee - eeeeeeeeeeeeiiiiiiiii - iooooooooeeeeeee ! 
 it was the best ! 
 swarms of screaming white pillow - cases zoomed around and looped the loop . 
 thick clouds of flour dropped all over the weird people and then the pillowcases fell on their heads . 
 one of them dropped right over the small boring one so that she looked q like a ghost too . 
 all you could see were her spindly little legs . 
 then i tipped the buckets of extra-sticky strawberry jell-o out . 
 splattttttttt ! 
 it was perfect . 
 the jell-o was just right . 
 lumps of horrible , sticky , red slime fell on their heads . 
 it ran right down their necks and got stuck inside their clothes . 
 then came the best part . 
 edmund woke up the bats and shooed them out of sir horace 's room . 
 they came out like a huge black cloud , and they went everywhere . 
 the whole hall was just a storm of flapping bats . 
 it was fantastic . 
 aunt tabby screamed , almost as loudly as huge hotels had done . 
 and while she was screaming , i cut the spiderwebs . 
 it rained spiders . 
 really fat ones . 
 hundreds of them fell onto the weird people . 
 they got stuck in their hair , they dropped down their necks and got covered in extra-sticky strawberry jell-o . 
 they shot up their sleeves and trouser legs , trying to find somewhere safe to hide . 
 a family of fifteen particularly hairy spiders fell on the sunglasses woman . 
 i do n't think she liked spiders much . 
 she screamed really loudly too , and her cat leaped into the air and landed on aunt tabby 's head . 
 it was the best thing i 'd seen all day . 
 but things got even better because , you see , aunt tabby is allergic to cats . 
 really allergic . 
 they make her sneeze the hugest sneezes i have ever heard and give her big , -103 - red , scratchy bumps . 
 it is not nice . 
 so aunt tabby sneezed -- and when aunt tabby sneezes , she really goes for it . 
 `` ah-ah - aaaah-aaaaaaaaaaah-tishoooooo ! '' 
 she lost her balance , slipped on a pile of jell-o , and hurtled into the sunglasses woman at full speed . 
 the sunglasses woman toppled over like a falling tree and kind of clung onto aunt tabby as she went down . 
 then they both slid across the hall together , complete with the cat , which was still hang - ing on to aunt tabby 's head . 
 aunt tabby sneezed again . 
 `` ah-ah-aaaah-aaaaaaaaaaah-tishooooooooo ! '' 
 the cat screeched and leaped up into the air . 
 it was just amazing ; i can still see it now , in slow motion . 
 this great fat cat flying through the air with its hair standing up on end and its claws out , coming gracefully to land on a large puddle of extra-sticky strawberry jell-o . 
 it touched down beauti - fully , then it streaked across the hall , twirling around like an ice skater -- and collided with sir horace . 
 edmund told me later that sir horace had prepared a speech and was planning to deliver it to aunt tabby to make her see the error of her ways . 
 he had been carefully clanking down the stairs ever since he had heard the weird people arrive , but no one had noticed him what with all the other stuff going on . 
 but they all noticed him now . 
 the cat cannoned into his left foot , which flew off and skittered across the floor . 
 then , with the most horrible noise and very slowly , piece by piece -- just like a tower of cat food cans in the supermarket -- sir horace col - lapsed into a rusty heap . 
 i peered over the balcony to see how the weird people were taking this . 
 it looked promising . 
 the smallest one was still strug - gling to get out of her pillowcase . 
 the frog man was covered in bats , and the sunglasses woman was just lying on her back like a stranded beetle , staring up at the ceiling . 
 aunt tabby looked really , really angry . 
 go away ! 
 i could not believe it . 
 there was the sun - glasses woman gazing into space like her best dream ever had just come true . 
 then the frog man got up and waved a few bats away , and he said , `` perfect ! 
 it 's even bet - ter than we expected , is n't it , dear ? '' 
 `` it is , '' agreed the sunglasses woman . 
 she turned to aunt tabby and shook her hand . 
 `` what a wonderful welcome , '' she said . 
 `` thank you so much . '' 
 and then the small boring one heaved herself out of the pillowcase and said in a really stupid squeaky voice , `` i 'd love to live here ; it 's so exciting . '' 
 she tugged at the woman 's sticky sleeve and pestered her , `` can we live here , mom ? 
 please , please , please can we , mom ? '' 
 `` of course , dear . '' 
 the sunglasses woman smiled . 
 huh . 
 i really do n't think it is good to give in to children who pester , especially irritating ones with squeaky voices . 
 but the sunglasses woman went right ahead and said to aunt tabby , `` this house is perfect . 
 we 'll take it . 
 we can move in tomor - row ! '' 
 what ? 
 now i really could not believe it . 
 it had been the best awful ambush i could pos - sibly have done . 
 everything had worked per - fectly -- even sir horace had turned up . 
 but not only had the weird people liked it , it had made them want to buy the house . 
 what more could i do ? 
 so i yelled at them . 
 `` go away ! '' 
 i shouted as loud as i could . 
 it was great yelling from so high ; it echoed around and around the hall , and everyone looked up . 
 three of them looked amazed and one looked annoyed . 
 `` you ca n't live here , '' i yelled at the top of my voice . 
 `` it 's my house and i live here . 
 go away ! '' 
 the annoyed one opened her mouth to say something , but i got in first . 
 `` it 's all your fault , aunt tabby ! '' 
 i told her . 
 `` you never asked me about selling the house , and you never asked uncle drac , either . 
 you just told us what you had decided to do . 
 it 's not fair . 
 we all live here , not just you . 
 and i want to stay living here and i 'm not going , i 'm not ! '' 
 aunt tabby wiped the soot and flour and strawberry jell-o and spiders off her face . 
 `` well , '' she said , `` making a disgusting mess does n't exactly make me want to stay here , araminta . 
 the place is difficult enough to keep clean as it is . 
 i suggest we all go and have a cup of tea and talk about it . 
 i 'm sure you 'll feel better about things when you have talked to mr. and mrs. wizzard . '' 
 the weird people followed aunt tabby down the stairs to the kitchens . 
 just before they disappeared , the stupid short one looked up at the balcony . 
 i stuck out my tongue and gave her my best fiendish stare . 
 that showed her . 
 `` what a twit , '' i said to edmund . 
 and can you guess what edmund said ? 
 it was completely idiotic . 
 he said , `` i thought she looked all right . '' 
 i thought she looked all right ! 
 i could n't believe what i was hearing . 
 i gave him my fiendish stare as well , and he shot off into sir horace 's room , but i followed him . 
 i had a last chance plan , and i needed edmund 's help . 
 `` you 've got to come down to the kitchen with me , '' i told edmund , who had backed into a corner . 
 `` if they saw a real ghost , they would n't last five seconds . '' 
 `` you said that before , '' edmund said , in an irritating way , `` and they 're still here . 
 anyway , i think they 're nice . 
 i 'd like them to stay . '' 
 `` look , edmund , '' i told him , as he obvi - ously had not got the point , `` if they stay , i have to go . 
 you would n't want that , would you ? '' 
 well , that told him . 
 he did n't say anything at all ; he just floated off and headed for the crummy old ladder . 
 but there was no way i was going to let him get away . 
 `` edmund ! '' 
 i yelled . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he said in a really grumpy voice . 
 `` you 're sir horace 's page , are n't you ? '' 
 i asked him . 
 `` yes ... '' he said . 
 the last chance plan uncle drac was part of the last chance plan as well . 
 i could see that edmund was probably not up to the job . 
 it would be just like him to float off at the wrong moment , or not be scary enough . 
 so i needed uncle drac , too , because i knew he would be on my side . 
 i was just about to open the little door to the bat turret when it flew open and uncle drac fell out onto the landing . 
 `` oh , minty , minty , '' he said , `` something terrible has happened . 
 all my bats have gone . '' 
 `` no they have n't , '' i told him . 
 `` yes they have . 
 they 've -- '' `` uncle drac , '' i said sternly , `` while you 've just been hanging up there asleep doing noth - ing but snore , aunt tabby has gone and sold our house ! '' 
 uncle drac looked confused . 
 he does n't like being awake during the day . 
 `` wha-at ? '' 
 he mumbled . 
 `` there are three weird people here , uncle drac -- and one of them is really yucky , you would n't believe it , she 's so stupid -- and aunt tabby is selling them our house ! '' 
 `` eh ? '' 
 uncle drac can be really slow at times . 
 i just grabbed hold of him and pulled him along with me . 
 `` you can come out now ! '' 
 i yelled to edmund , who had been sulking in the secret passage . 
 he floated out . 
 `` who 's that , minty ? '' 
 uncle drac asked me when he saw edmund . 
 `` that 's edmund , uncle drac . 
 and if you ca n't get aunt tabby to change her mind about selling our house , he 's going to scare those people away . '' 
 uncle drac kept looking behind him as edmund followed us down the stairs . 
 `` he does n't look very well , minty . 
 what 's wrong with him ? '' 
 he whispered . 
 `` he 's dead , uncle drac . '' 
 `` dead ? '' 
 uncle drac suddenly looked as pale as edmund . 
 `` he 's a ghost , '' i told him very patiently . 
 `` now come on quick before aunt tabby sells the house and you have to start packing up all the bats . '' 
 `` my bats . 
 where did you say my bats were , minty ? '' 
 `` i did n't , uncle drac . 
 just hurry up , please . 
 both of you . '' 
 how i got edmund and uncle drac down to the third-kitchen-on-the-right-just-around -- 118 - the-corner-past-the-boiler-room i do n't know . 
 but i did . 
 everyone was sitting around the table , and aunt tabby was pouring some tea . 
 `` ah , drac , '' said aunt tabby , looking up from the teapot . 
 `` i 'm glad you 're here . 
 and araminta . 
 and , er -- who 's your friend , q araminta ? 
 he looks very pale . 
 would he like a hot drink ? '' 
 `` this is edmund , '' i told her . 
 `` and he would n't like anything , thank you . 
 he 's a ghost . '' 
 i looked around to see what effect that would have on the weird people , but they just gazed at edmund and looked even more excited . 
 `` oh how wonderful , '' cooed the sunglasses woman . 
 `` a little boy ghost . 
 he 's so sweet . 
 hello , edmund dear . '' 
 `` hello , '' whispered edmund . 
 `` listen , edmund , '' i hissed , '' ` hello ' is just not good enough . 
 ca n't you manage a blood - curdling howl or something ? '' 
 but edmund did n't do anything . 
 he just hovered by the door in a very boring and unscary way with a silly smile on his face . 
 being a ghost was wasted on edmund , i thought . 
 if i was a ghost , i 'd have been howl - ing around the kitchen , screeching and hurl - ing all the things off the table -- and that would have been just for starters . 
 the small wizzard person was grinning at edmund , so i made my wide-mouth frog face at her . 
 but she just giggled . 
 and then something really weird happened . 
 she picked up the glass of orange juice that aunt tabby -120 - had just poured for her and suddenly it fizzed up over the glass and turned blue . 
 for a moment i hoped that perhaps aunt tabby had had a change of heart and was trying to poi - son her , but the wizzard man said , `` stop play - ing with your drink , wanda . '' 
 wanda clicked her fingers and changed it back to orange orange juice again . 
 show-off . 
 then she took four pet mice out of her pocket and put them on the table in front of her . 
 the mice started doing handstands and cartwheels around her glass . 
 double show-off . 
 uncle drac shuffled in past edmund , and aunt tabby made him sit down next to her . 
 `` drac dear , '' said aunt tabby , `` this is brenda , barry , and wanda wizzard , and they are going to buy our house . 
 is n't that lovely ? '' 
 uncle drac did n't say anything . 
 he was looking at me -- in fact everyone was looking at me -- so i turned my wide-mouth frog face into my cross-eyed wide-mouth frog face . 
 aunt tabby sighed . 
 `` but as you can tell , drac , araminta 's being a bit ... difficult . '' 
 `` wait a minute , tabby , '' mumbled uncle drac , blinking a bit . 
 uncle drac has trouble seeing in the light , and sometimes i think he is like a great big bat himself . 
 `` do we really have to sell the house ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` minty is very upset , and my bats are behaving very strangely . '' 
 `` and so , `` aunt tabby told him , `` is the boiler . 
 as usual . 
 and i am not putting up with that boiler anymore , drac . 
 i mean it . '' 
 `` oh , dear , '' mumbled uncle drac . 
 i could see that uncle drac was going to let aunt tabby win -- as usual -- so i said , `` uncle drac , you have to do something . 
 please . '' 
 `` do i ? '' 
 he said , looking worried . 
 `` yes , '' i told him . 
 `` you do . '' 
 i sat down opposite him and looked at him . 
 i did n't do a wide-mouth frog face or even a fiendish stare . 
 i just looked at him like it was really important . 
 which it was . 
 uncle drac coughed a bit and then he said , `` tabby dear , i am sorry about the boiler . 
 i do realize i have neglected it recently and left you to do all the work . 
 i know it was n't fair , and i promise that from now on i will share the boiler cleaning -- '' `` and the kindling chopping and the coal fetching , '' put in aunt tabby . 
 `` er , yes , and that too . '' 
 `` and the emptying and the lighting and the -- '' `` yes , yes , i 'll do that as well . '' 
 `` promise ? '' 
 `` promise , '' said good old uncle drac . 
 aunt tabby sat down rather suddenly . 
 `` well , '' she said , `` i 've had some shocks today , drac , but having you offer to share all the boiler work is the biggest one so far . '' 
 `` does that mean you 're not going to sell the house ? '' 
 i asked aunt tabby . 
 `` yes , all right then , araminta . '' 
 aunt tabby sighed . 
 `` i 'm not going to sell the house . '' 
 `` ya-ay ! '' 
 i yelled . 
 `` oh , '' mumbled the wizzard people . 
 `` i 'm very sorry , '' aunt tabby told them , `` but the house is not for sale anymore . 
 would you like another cup of tea ? '' 
 `` no , thank you , '' said the wizzard woman , sighing . 
 `` we had better be going . '' 
 about time , too , i thought -- but she did n't get up . 
 instead she said , `` er , i could n't help noticing that you had a model three with double ash bins and a reverse riddler . 
 it is in fact one of the very rare b series . '' 
 `` a serious what ? '' 
 asked aunt tabby . 
 `` your boiler . 
 i wondered if i could take a little peek at it before i go . 
 they are very unusual nowadays , you know . '' 
 aunt tabby looked at the wizzard woman like she was crazy , but she took her off to the boiler room even so . 
 when they 'd gone , uncle drac heaved himself out of his chair . 
 `` must go and find all my bats , '' he said . 
 `` need any help ? '' 
 asked the wizzard man . 
 `` they can be difficult to catch on your own . '' 
 `` thanks , '' said uncle drac , and he and the wizzard man went off to find the bats . 
 `` i too must take my leave , '' said edmund , and he floated off through the kitchen wall . 
 wanda and araminta w anda was n't as bad as she looked . 
 she showed me how to do blue orange juice fizz , and soon i had turned the tea and uncle drac 's coffee blue as well and they were fizzing all over the place . 
 but then wanda said that she thought she ought to go . 
 i said she could stay a bit longer and show me her mice doing handstands if she wanted , so we watched her mice do the amazing mouse pyramid , which was pretty good . 
 then we heard an enormous smash from upstairs , and we rushed up to see what was happening . 
 it was really funny . 
 wanda 's dad , barry , was swinging from the curtains trying to grab big bat , while uncle drac held a large net . 
 aunt tabby 's best vase was smashed on the floor . 
 oops . 
 `` hey , big bat ! '' 
 uncle drac was yelling . 
 `` come here , big bat , there 's a good bat ! '' 
 big bat flew off , and barry fell into the net . 
 wanda and i laughed so much that we fell onto the floor , but barry and uncle drac looked cross , so i took wanda upstairs to see all my bedrooms . 
 wanda thought they were great , as she only had one bedroom at her home and that was really , really tiny . 
 after that , as barry was still helping uncle drac catch big bat and brenda was still look - ing at the boiler with aunt tabby , wanda helped me put sir horace back together again . 
 we cleaned off all the jell-o and flour and polished him with some of aunt tabby 's boiler polish . 
 and we got his left foot back on properly . 
 once he was all back together , sir horace got up and stretched . 
 `` gosh , that 's done my back good , '' he said , and he squeaked off and propped himself up in a corner of the hall . 
 `` he could do with some oil , '' said wanda . 
 `` i 've got some stuff for my bike that would work really well . '' 
 `` can you ride a bike ? '' 
 i asked her . 
 i have always wanted to have a bike , but aunt tabby says they are dangerous . 
 `` of course i can , '' said wanda . 
 `` i could teach you if you like . '' 
 i thought wanda was turning out to be quite interesting , all things considered . 
 which is why , when wanda 's mom , brenda , said , `` come on , wanda , we really must go home now , '' i said , `` can wanda stay the night , aunt tabby ? 
 can she ? 
 please please please please please ? '' 
 so wanda stayed the night . 
 and so did brenda and barry . 
 brenda wanted to get the boiler working properly , and barry was still helping uncle drac catch big bat . 
 they stayed the next night as well . 
 and the next , and the next , and the next . 
 and then , this morning , aunt tabby said that it was foolish for them to go home at all , unless they wanted to , and brenda , barry , and wanda said no , they did n't really want to . 
 so i do n't mind at all now that aunt tabby decided to sell the house , because it is much more fun with wanda here , and i found two ghosts -- so now i know that i really do live in a haunted house , just like i always wanted . 
