 chapter 1 killing a vampire is actually a lot easier than you 'd think . 
 i know movies and tv make it look really hard , like if you do n't hit the right spot , it wo n't work . 
 but the truth is , those are just rumors spread by vampire hunters to make themselves seem tougher . 
 if everyone knew how easy it actually is to kill a vamp , there would n't be so many movies and tv shows and stuff . 
 all it takes is a wooden stake and enough pressure to send it through the chest cavity . 
 does n't really matter if you hit the heart or not . 
 see ? 
 so easy . 
 but capturing a vampire ? 
 yeah , that 's a little bit tougher . 
 `` just . 
 hold . 
 still , '' i mumbled around the tiny flashlight in my mouth . 
 i was straddling the vamp 's chest , my right hand holding a stake poised over his heart , my left clutching the little piece of paper with the ritual on it . 
 `` release me , mortal ! '' 
 the vampire cried , but his voice broke on the last word , kind of ruining the dramatic effect . 
 `` my brothers will be here soon , and we will bathe in your blood . '' 
 i spit out the miniflashlight , and it landed on the hardwood floor with a clink . 
 pressing the stake closer , i leaned over him . 
 `` nice try . 
 we 've been watching you for a week . 
 you 're working this town solo . 
 no nest in sight . '' 
 `` nest '' is what vampires call both their houses and the group of fellow vampires who are basically their roommates . 
 i thought it was a pretty dorky name , but then , a lot about vampires is dorky . 
 this one was especially bad . 
 not only was he rocking the gelled hair , he 'd moved into the one creepy , pseudo-victorian mansion in town . 
 he might as well have hung a neon sign blaring , here there be vampire . 
 all of his furniture was red velvet and heavy wood , and when i 'd busted in earlier , he was in the middle of writing in a journal while a pretty blond girl sat near the fireplace . 
 she 'd bolted when she saw me , and i was already cringing , thinking of how mom would react to there being a witness . 
 the vampire , who was going by the name of pascal , but was probably really a brad or a jason , twisted underneath me , but i was firmly seated . 
 one of the perks of being a brannick is that we 're stronger than your average person . 
 it also did n't hurt that this vamp was pretty small . 
 when i 'd wrestled him to the floor , i noticed that he was only a few inches taller than me , and most of that was his hair . 
 sighing , i squinted at the piece of paper again . 
 it was only a few words in latin , but getting them right was important , and i 'd never done this ritual by myself before . 
 that thought sent a bolt of pain through my chest , one i did my best to ignore . 
 underneath me , `` pascal '' stopped struggling . 
 tilting his head to the side , he watched me with his dark eyes . 
 `` who is finley ? '' 
 my grip tightened on the stake . 
 `` what ? '' 
 pascal was still studying me , upper lip curling over his fangs . 
 `` your head . 
 it 's full of that name . 
 finley , finley , finley . '' 
 oh , freaking great . 
 vampires are a pain in the butt when they 're just your garden-variety bloodsucker , but a few of them have extra powers . 
 low-level mind reading , telekinesis , that kind of thing . 
 apparently pascal was one of the special ones . 
 `` get out of my head , '' i snarled at him , renewing my focus on the sheet of paper . 
 `` vado - '' i started , but then pascal interrupted with , `` she 's your sister . 
 finley . '' 
 hearing my sister 's name from this ... this thing 's lips made the pain in my chest even worse , but at least no tears stung my eyes . 
 i ca n't think of anything more pathetic than crying in front of a vampire . 
 besides , if it were finley here , if i was the one who was missing , she would n't have let a vamp , much less a vamp called pascal , get to her . 
 so i scowled down at him and pressed the stake hard enough to just break the skin . 
 pascal drew in a hissing breath , but he never took his eyes off my face . 
 `` nearly a year . 
 that 's how long this finley has been gone . 
 how long you 've been working alone . 
 how long you 've felt like it was all your fau - '' `` vado tergum , '' i said , dropping the piece of paper and laying my free hand flat against his sternum . 
 pascal 's gaze fell to my hand and he went even paler . 
 `` what is that ? '' 
 he asked , his voice high with fear and pain . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 `` it 's better than getting staked , '' i told him , but as the smell of burning cloth filled the air , i was n't so sure . 
 `` you 're a brannick ! '' 
 he shrieked . 
 `` brannicks do n't do magic ! 
 what the hell is this ? '' 
 i kept up a steady stream of latin , but what the hell is this was a totally valid question . 
 the brannicks had spent millennia staking vamps and shooting werewolves with silver-tipped arrows -lrb- and later , with solid silver bullets -rrb- . 
 we 'd burned witches and enslaved fae , and basically became what monsters told scary stories about . 
 but things were different now . 
 for starters , there were no more brannicks besides me and my mom . 
 rather than hunt the creatures of the night , we worked for the council that governed them . 
 and they did n't call themselves monsters ; they went by the much more civilized term `` prodigium . '' 
 so the brannicks were now more or less prodigium cops . 
 if one of their kind got out of hand , we tracked them , captured them , and did a ritual that sent them directly to the council , who would then decide their punishment . 
 yeah , it was a lot harder than just staking a vampire or shooting a werewolf , but the truce between brannicks and prodigium was a good thing . 
 besides , our cousin , sophie , was a prodigium , and set to be head of the council someday . 
 it was either make peace or suffer some majorly awkward family holidays . 
 the ritual was nearly finished , the air around pascal starting to shimmer slightly , when he suddenly shouted , `` the boy in the mirror ! '' 
 surprised , i sat back a little . 
 `` what did you just say ? '' 
 pascal 's chest was heaving up and down , and his skin had gone from ivory to gray . 
 `` that 's what you 're afraid of , '' he panted . 
 `` that he had something to do with finley 's vanishing . '' 
 my mouth had gone dry , and , blinking at him , i shook my head . 
 `` no - '' i started to say , only to realize too late that my hand had slipped off his chest . 
 taking advantage of my distraction , pascal gave another twist , this one stronger than the others , and managed to free one of his arms from beneath my knees . 
 i was already ducking the blow , but the back of his hand caught me across the temple , sending me sprawling . 
 my head cracked against an end table , and stars spun in my vision . 
 there was a blur of motion-vampires may not be that strong , but they can be fast-and pascal was up the stairs and gone . 
 sitting up , i winced as i touched my temple . 
 luckily , there was no blood , but a lump was already forming , and i glared at the staircase . 
 my stake had rolled under the table , and i picked it up , curling my fingers around the wood . 
 the council may prefer for us to send monsters to them , but staking a vamp in self-defense ? 
 they 'd be okay with that . 
 probably . 
 i carefully made my way up the stairs , stake raised at shoulder level . 
 the wall was lined with those tacky globe lamps-seriously , vampires are the worst-and a twinkling caught my eye . 
 glancing down , i saw that i was covered in a fine layer of shimmery silver . 
 oh , gross . 
 he was one of those body-glitter-wearing jerks . 
 now i was even more embarrassed that i 'd let pascal get inside my head , that i 'd dropped my guard long enough for him to get away from me . 
 if he got out of the house ... my fingernails dug into the stake . 
 no . 
 i was not letting that happen . 
 the landing was covered in burgundy carpet that muffled my footsteps . 
 directly across from me was a large mirror in a heavy gilt frame , and in it , i looked a lot less like a bad-ass vampire slayer and a lot more like a scared teenage girl . 
 my skin was nearly as papery white as pascal 's , a sharp contrast against the bright red of my braid . 
 swallowing hard , i did my best to calm my hammering heart and racing mind . 
 there was one thing vampires and brannicks had in common : a few of us had special powers . 
 pascal 's was reading minds , and mine-in addition to the strength and quick healing that came with being a brannick-was sensing prodigium . 
 and right now , my spidey senses were telling me pascal had gone to the right . 
 i took one step in that direction . 
 on the one hand , my detection skills were dead on . 
 on the other , i 'd expected pascal to be cowering behind a door or trying to open a window and get out . 
 what i had n't expected was for him to suddenly come barreling out of the darkness and slam into me . 
 we flew back onto the landing , crashing to the floor . 
 i felt the stake tumble from my fingers , and with a grunt , tried to ram my knee up into pascal 's stomach . 
 but this time , pascal had the advantage-he was faster than me , and he 'd caught me by surprise . 
 he dodged my knee like it was nothing , and his fingers sank into my hair , jerking my head hard to the side and exposing my neck . 
 he was smiling , lips deep pink against the stark white of his fangs , and his eyes were black pools . 
 despite the stupid hair and the silly name and the flowing white shirt , he looked every bit the terrifying monster . 
 and when he ducked his head and i felt the sharp sting of his fangs piercing my skin , my scream was high and thin . 
 this could n't be happening . 
 i could n't go out like this , drained of blood by a dorky vampire calling himself pascal . 
 a gray circle began to fill my vision , and i was so cold , colder than i 'd ever been in my entire life . 
 then , from above me , there was a flash of silver , a glimpse of bright copper , and suddenly , pascal was the one screaming . 
 his body fell off of mine , and i raised a trembling hand to my neck , the rush of blood hot against my freezing skin . 
 blinking rapidly to clear my vision , i scooted backward on the carpet , watching as the redheaded woman all in black dropped a knee in the middle of pascal 's chest , one hand pushing a bright silver amulet against his cheek . 
 her other hand reached back and pulled a stake from the belt around her waist . 
 the stake swung down , and there was a sound almost like the popping of a bubble , and pascal vanished in a surprisingly tiny cloud of dust and ash . 
 head still swimming , i looked at the woman as she turned back to me . 
 even though i knew it was impossible , i heard myself ask , `` finn ? '' 
 but the woman who strode over to me was n't my sister . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 mom asked . 
 i pressed my palm tighter to the holes in my neck and nodded . 
 `` yeah , '' i replied . 
 using the wall to brace myself , i went to stand up . 
 as i did , my eyes skated over my mom , noticing that even though she 'd been right on top of pascal , she 'd somehow managed to avoid getting even one speck of glitter on her . 
 `` of course , '' i muttered , and then the carpet was rushing up to meet me as i passed out at mom 's feet . 
 chapter 2 the lights in our kitchen were too harsh . 
 my eyes ached in the fluorescent glare , and my head was pounding . 
 it did n't help that we 'd taken an itineris home . 
 that was a type of magic portal , and they were located at posts all over the world . 
 problem was , like most things involving magic , there was a catch . 
 while an itineris made traveling a lot more convenient , it was also really rough on your body . 
 i guess getting bent and twisted through the space-time continuum is n't exactly good for you . 
 the concoction in front of me finally seemed cool enough to drink , so i choked it down . 
 it tasted like pine trees smell , but the ache in my head disappeared almost immediately . 
 across from me , mom turned her coffee mug around and around in her hands . 
 her mouth was set in a hard line . 
 `` he was a young vamp , '' she said at last , and i fought the urge to lower my head to the table . 
 `` yes , '' i replied , hand reaching up to touch the little puncture marks just under my jaw . 
 thanks to mom 's `` tea , '' they were already starting to close , but they still hurt . 
 `` he should have been no issue at all for you , isolde , '' she continued , her gaze still on her mug . 
 `` i would never have sent you in there alone if i 'd thought you could n't handle it . '' 
 my hand dropped back to the table . 
 `` i could handle it . '' 
 mom looked at the bite on my neck and raised her eyebrows . 
 when she was younger , my mom had been beautiful . 
 and even now there was something about the strong lines of her face that made people look twice at her . 
 her eyes were the same dark green as mine and finley 's , but there was a hardness that neither i nor my sister had . 
 `` i mean , i was handling it , '' i mumbled . 
 `` but he was one of those mind-reading ones , and he ... he got inside my head - '' `` then you should have shoved him right the heck out , '' mom fired back , and i wondered what felt worse , the vampire bite or the guilt . 
 with a sigh , mom dropped her head and rubbed her eyes . 
 `` i 'm sorry , iz . 
 i know you did the best you could . '' 
 but your best was n't good enough . 
 mom did n't have to say the words . 
 i felt them hanging between us in the kitchen . 
 there were a lot of words filling up the space between me and mom these days . 
 my sister 's name was probably the biggest . 
 nearly a year ago , finley disappeared on a case in new orleans . 
 it had been a totally routine job-just a coven of dark witches selling some particularly nasty spells to humans . 
 we 'd gone together , but at the last minute , finley had told me to wait in the car while she dealt with the witches herself . 
 i could still see her standing under the streetlight , red hair so bright it almost hurt to look at . 
 `` i got this one , iz , '' she 'd told me before nodding at the book in my lap . 
 `` finish your chapter . '' 
 a dimple had appeared in her cheek when she grinned . 
 `` i know you 're dying to . '' 
 i had been . 
 the her ** ne had just been kidnapped by pirates , so things were clearly about to get awesome . 
 and it had seemed like such an easy job , and finley had swaggered off toward the coven 's house with such confidence that i had n't worried , not really . 
 not until i 'd sat in the car for over an hour and finley still had n't come out . 
 not until i 'd walked into the house and found it completely empty , the smell of smoke and sulfur heavy in the air , finley 's weapon belt on the floor in front of a sagging sofa . 
 mom and i looked for her for six months . 
 six months of tracking down leads and sleeping in motel rooms and researching other cases like finley 's , and it all led nowhere . 
 my sister was just ... gone . 
 and then one day , mom had just packed up our things and announced we were going home . 
 `` we have a job to do , '' she 'd said . 
 `` brannicks hunt monsters . 
 it 's what we do , and what we need to get back to . 
 finley would want that . '' 
 that had been the last time mom had said finley 's name . 
 now mom sat across the table from me , and her coffee mug turned , turned , turned . 
 `` maybe we should take it easy for a while , '' she said at last . 
 `` let you go on a few more missions with me , get your legs back under you . '' 
 finley had been doing solo missions since she was fourteen . 
 i was almost sixteen now , and this had been the first time mom had let me out in the field by myself . 
 i really did n't want it to be the last time , too . 
 i shoved my own mug . 
 `` mom , i can do this . 
 i just ... look , the vamp , he could read my mind , and i was n't ready for that . 
 but now i know ! 
 and i can be better on my guard next time . '' 
 mom lifted her gaze from the table . 
 `` what did he see ? '' 
 i knew what she meant . 
 picking at the formica tabletop , i shrugged . 
 `` i thought about finn for a sec . 
 he ... saw that , i guess . 
 it just distracted me . '' 
 i did n't add the bit about how pascal had mentioned the boy in the mirror . 
 bringing up finn was going to bother mom enough . 
 just like i 'd thought , her eyes suddenly seemed a million miles away . 
 `` okay , '' she said gruffly , her chair shrieking on the linoleum as she shoved it back and stood . 
 `` well , just ... just go to bed . 
 we 'll think about our next move tomorrow . '' 
 deep parentheses bracketed mom 's mouth , and her shoulders seemed more slumped than they had been just a few moments ago . 
 as she passed my chair , for just a moment , mom laid a hand on my head . 
 `` i 'm glad you 're okay , '' she murmured . 
 and then , with a ruffle of my hair , she was gone . 
 sighing , i picked up my cup and swirled the dregs of tea still left in it . 
 every bone in my body ached to go upstairs , take a shower , and crawl into my bunk . 
 but there was something i had to do first . 
 our house was n't much . 
 a few bedrooms , a tiny kitchen , and a bathroom that had n't been updated since the 1960s . 
 once upon a time , it had been the brannick family compound . 
 back when there had been more brannicks . 
 now it was just a house surrounded by thick woods . 
 but there was one room that really set it apart from your normal home . 
 we had a war room . 
 it sounded cooler than it actually was . 
 it was really just an extra bedroom stuffed with a bunch of boxes , a large round table , and a mirror . 
 it was the mirror i walked to now , yanking off the heavy canvas cover . 
 inside the glass , a warlock stared back at me . 
 his name was torin , and he looked a couple years older than me , maybe eighteen or so . 
 but since he 'd gotten trapped in the mirror back in 1583 , he was technically over four hundred years old . 
 `` isolde ! '' 
 he called happily , leaning back , his hands on the table . 
 `` to what do i owe this lovely visit ? '' 
 it was always bizarre watching torin . 
 trapped in the mirror , he appeared to be sitting at the table in the middle of the war room . 
 but the actual table was empty . 
 even though i 'd seen the phenomenon my whole life , i still caught myself glancing back and forth , as though torin would magically appear on our side of the glass . 
 the thought made my head hurt all over again . 
 in his own time , torin had been an extremely powerful dark warlock . 
 no one knew what spell he was attempting when he 'd trapped himself inside the mirror , but one of my ancestors , avis brannick , had found him and taken responsibility for him . 
 the fact that torin made the occasional prophecy had probably had something to do with that . 
 his ability to see the future had come in handy for a few brannicks over the years ; easier to fight a witch or a faerie when you know what it 's going to do . 
 but i had n't come to have my fortune told . 
 climbing up onto the table , i crossed my legs and propped my chin in my hand . 
 `` i got bitten by a vampire tonight . '' 
 frowning , torin leaned forward . 
 `` oh , '' he said , once his eyes settled on the bite mark . 
 `` so you did . 
 that ... what is the word you use ? '' 
 i could n't help but smile a little as i rolled my eyes . 
 `` sucks . '' 
 torin nodded . 
 `` even so . '' 
 he mimicked my pose , ruby pinkie ring flashing in the dim light . 
 shaggy blond hair fell over his forehead , and when he smiled at me , his teeth were just the slightest bit crooked . 
 `` tell me the whole story . '' 
 so i did , the way i always had , ever since i was old enough to go with mom and finley on missions . 
 there was something ... i do n't know , relaxing about telling the story to torin . 
 i knew he was n't looking for all the flaws in my mission , all the places where i had zigged when i should have zagged . 
 unlike mom , torin did n't frown through the entire thing . 
 instead , he chuckled when i described pascal 's lair , grimaced when i mentioned the body glitter , and raised his eyebrows when i talked about chasing the vamp up the stairs . 
 `` but you 're all right . 
 and you lived to fight another day . '' 
 sighing , i pulled my braid over my shoulder , fiddling with the ends of my hair . 
 `` yeah , but if mom had n't come in ... she thinks i should n't be doing jobs on my own . 
 which , i mean , i should . 
 this one got a little out of hand , but if she 'd just trust me a little more - '' `` if she had trusted you completely , she would n't have followed you , which means she would n't have burst in when she did , '' torin said , lifting his shoulders . 
 `` and you , my lovely isolde , would either be exsanguinated on what i can only guess was truly dreadful carpet , or the bride of the undead . '' 
 he narrowed his eyes . 
 `` neither fate suits you . 
 or me , for that matter . '' 
 his words seemed to lodge somewhere in my chest , but i shook them off . 
 torin had been a part of my life for , well , all of my life . 
 when mom and finley had gone out on missions , he had kept me company . 
 and after finley disappeared , he was the only one i could talk to about my sister . 
 which is why that niggling suspicion , the one pascal had picked up on , bothered me so much . 
 `` your mum is simply worried about you , '' torin said , pulling me out of my thoughts . 
 `` she 's lost one daughter . 
 i 'm sure the idea of losing another is particularly hellish for her . '' 
 `` i know , '' i said , the guilt returning with a vengeance . 
 what if i 'd gotten myself killed tonight , all because i let one stupid vamp mess with my mind ? 
 where would mom have been then ? 
 i tugged the rubber band off the end of my braid and started unraveling the strands . 
 a thin layer of vampire ash rose from them . 
 ugh . 
 apparently i 'd been closer to pascal than i 'd thought . 
 wrinkling my nose with disgust , i hopped off the table . 
 `` okay . 
 shower , bed . 
 thanks for the debriefing . '' 
 torin made a little flourish with his hand , lace cuff falling back from his wrist . 
 `` any time , isolde . '' 
 i was nearly to the door before i turned back . 
 `` torin , you ... '' i trailed off , not sure how to finish . 
 finally i took a deep breath and said , a little too fast , `` you swear you do n't know anything about finn , right ? '' 
 i 'd asked it before , the night finley disappeared . 
 other than her belt , there 'd been no sign of my sister in that rickety house . 
 but there had been a mirror . 
 a big one with a thick wooden frame , carved cherubs grinning at me . 
 and while it could 've been a trick of the light , i could 've sworn that the glass had glowed slightly . 
 but i 'd been beyond freaked out that night , confused , upset . 
 i could n't be sure what i 'd seen , really . 
 in his mirror , torin came up close to the glass . 
 `` no , isolde , '' he said , his voice surprisingly gentle . 
 `` i do not know where your sister is . '' 
 `` right . '' 
 i ran a hand through my hair , blowing out a long breath . 
 `` right . 
 okay . '' 
 reaching out , i flicked off the switch . 
 from out of the darkness , torin added , `` besides , finley was never of much interest to me . 
 she is n't the brannick who will set me free , after all , is she ? '' 
 it was a wonder i could speak given how tight my throat had gone . 
 `` that 's never going to happen , torin . 
 i may be nicer to you than my mom or finn , but you 'll be chatting with my grandkids from that mirror . '' 
 torin only laughed . 
 `` i 've seen what i 've seen . 
 the time will come when you will finally let me out of this cursed glass prison . 
 but until then , go wash that vampire out of your hair and get a good rest . 
 you and aislinn will be taking quite the journey tomorrow . '' 
 `` where are we going ? '' 
 i demanded . 
 `` what did you see ? '' 
 but there was no answer . 
 chapter 3 when i woke up the next morning , mom was already dressed and waiting for me at the kitchen table . 
 she frowned at my tank top and pajama pants and pointed back up the stairs . 
 `` get dressed . 
 we 're leaving in five minutes . '' 
 `` leaving ? '' 
 the clock said it was just a little past six . 
 apparently torin had been right . 
 i rubbed the sleep from my eyes . 
 `` where are we going ? '' 
 but mom just said , `` and now it 's four minutes . 
 go . '' 
 there was n't much to the bedroom finley and i had shared . 
 a bunk bed-finn had claimed the top-a dresser , a battered desk , and a mirror . 
 finley 's clothes were still folded in the drawers , and almost without thinking , i grabbed one of her black sweatshirts , tugging it over my tank top . 
 i traded my flannel pants for jeans -lrb- my own , since finn had been taller than me -rrb- , and added a scuffed pair of black boots . 
 jogging back downstairs , i twisted my hair into a sloppy braid over one shoulder . 
 hopefully , wherever we were going did n't have a dress code . 
 mom was just outside the front door , and when i appeared at her side , she did n't say anything , merely jerked her head toward the woods surrounding the compound . 
 years ago , all the brannicks had lived in this secluded spot deep in the woods of northern tennessee . 
 there were still outbuildings and training yards to accommodate at least a hundred people , but i 'd never seen the place that full . 
 by the time i was old enough to remember , the only brannicks left were me , mom , and finn . 
 the woods were full of noise that morning , from the cracking of branches under our feet to the birds singing , but mom did n't say anything and i did n't ask any questions . 
 nearly a mile into the trees , we came to the itineris . 
 to anyone walking by-not that many people ever just `` walked by '' in these woods-the portal would n't have looked like anything but a small opening in a bunch of branches . 
 they would n't even know it was there unless they accidentally stepped into it . 
 which would probably be fatal since the itineris was too intense for humans . 
 we could only use it because we had some residual magic in our blood . 
 mom held out her hand to me , and i took it , ducking under the branches and stepping into the itineris . 
 one of the weirdest things about using the itineris is how it feels . 
 there 's no rushing wind or sense of motion , but a crippling , sickening pressure , as though the weight of the whole universe is pressing down on you . 
 suddenly , we were standing on a paved road . 
 well , mom was standing . 
 i was on my knees , gasping . 
 the portal was always rough on me . 
 mom helped me to my feet , but that was clearly all the tlc i was going to get . 
 as soon as i was steady , she started walking down the road . 
 `` where are we ? '' 
 i asked , following . 
 `` alabama , '' she replied . 
 i did n't ask what part of alabama , but between the sand and the slight tang of salt on the wind , i guessed we were somewhere near the beach . 
 we had n't been walking long when we came across a path of crushed shells . 
 mom turned onto it , her boots crunching and sounding too loud in the quiet . 
 at the end of the driveway was a small , one-story house that actually looked a little bit like our place . 
 an ancient jeep was parked just by the front porch , and several sets of wind chimes twisted in the breeze . 
 the screen door creaked open , and a woman stepped out , squinting down the drive at us . 
 she seemed to be about ten years or so older than my mom , and her dark blond hair , shot through with gray , was piled on top of her head in a messy knot . 
 her arms , bare in a black tank top , were pale and flabby . 
 roughly a dozen necklaces and pendants hung around her neck , and she held a coffee cup in her right hand . 
 `` ash ? '' 
 she asked , frowning at us . 
 `` maya , '' mom returned . 
 she gestured at me . 
 `` mind if me and izzy come in for a bit ? '' 
 maya glanced over , seeming to notice me for the first time . 
 i raised my hand in a tiny wave . 
 `` hi . '' 
 maya did n't wave back , but sighed and said , `` too early in the morning for brannicks . '' 
 then she turned and walked back into the house . 
 i dug a little hole in the shells with the tip of my boot . 
 `` does that mean we should go ? '' 
 to my surprise , mom just chuckled . 
 `` no . 
 if maya had n't wanted us here , trust me , she would have let us know . '' 
 `` who is she ? '' 
 i asked , but mom did n't answer ; just trudged up the steps and into the house . 
 and after a long moment , i followed . 
 the house was n't quite as spartan as our place , but it still was n't what anyone would call homey . 
 no pictures lined the walls , although maya did have one of those crazy cat clocks , the swinging tail marking off seconds , its eyes darting back and forth like it was watching for something . 
 the only other things of note were a sagging couch covered in an ugly orange-and-brown plaid and a crooked coffee table . 
 but that was n't what had me freezing in the doorway . 
 instead of magazines or heavy books , the coffee table was covered in ... feet . 
 not human feet-at least i did n't see any-but half a dozen chickens ' feet , several of those rabbit 's foot key chains , and a brown , furry paw . 
 char marks dotted the table 's scarred surface , and there was a cracked leather book lying open facedown , its pages wrinkled . 
 everything about it screamed magic , but i had n't sensed anything when we came in , so i did n't think maya could be prodigium . 
 maybe she was just a. . . 
 taxidermist or something . 
 mom had made some weird friends over the years . 
 and she must 've been here before , because she did n't even blink at the bizarre collection . 
 but she did lean in and whisper , `` do n't say anything until i tell you to , okay ? 
 and do n't take anything maya gives you to drink . '' 
 i tried very hard not to gulp . 
 `` got it . '' 
 sure enough , maya came out of the kitchen holding three mugs , steam rising off of them . 
 even across the room , the smell turned my stomach . 
 still , mom accepted two cups before sitting on the couch . 
 i sat next to her as maya took a seat on the floor in front of the coffee table . 
 she was wearing a long skirt , and it jangled softly when she moved , as though there were bells hidden in its folds . 
 `` so you 're izzy , '' she said , blowing the top of her drink . 
 `` your mama brought finley here plenty of times , but she always said you were too young to go out on jobs . 
 how old are you now , thirteen ? '' 
 i had always looked younger than i was . 
 `` i 'll be sixteen next month , '' i told her , and she gave a low whistle . 
 `` my , my , time is flying . 
 when i first met you , ash , izzy was what ? 
 five ? 
 maybe six ? 
 it was right after her daddy died , and - '' `` we did n't come here to chat , maya , '' mom broke in . 
 `` i wanted to go through the file . '' 
 maya rolled her big blue eyes . 
 `` that 's it ? 
 you could 've e-mailed , you know . 
 you did n't have to hike all the way out here for that kind of thing . 
 i thought at the very least you wanted another locator spell . 
 see if we 'd have any luck finding your girl this time . '' 
 chapter 4 with that , she rose to her feet and went back into the kitchen . 
 while she pulled things out of cabinets and drawers , i leaned closer to mom . 
 `` a locator spell ? 
 for finn ? '' 
 `` hush , izzy . '' 
 she said it calmly , but her shoulders were stiff , and she was bouncing one foot up and down . 
 `` she 's a witch ? '' 
 i hissed . 
 `` you went to a witch looking for finn and you never told me ? '' 
 `` it was none of your business . '' 
 mom 's voice was sharper now , her hands digging into her thighs , and i jerked my head back like she had slapped me . 
 to be honest , i kind of felt like she had . 
 then mom sighed and leaned closer to me , her voice softer as she said , `` iz . '' 
 i shook my head , biting off anything else i wanted to ask about finn . 
 instead , i said , `` i could n't feel her . 
 maya . 
 and i can always sense witches . '' 
 `` i 'm a hedge witch , '' maya said , coming back into the living room holding a folder overflowing with paper despite all the rubber bands wrapped around it . 
 `` which is why your mother is insulting me greatly by using me to gather this sort of stuff . '' 
 she waved the folder a little , and few post-it notes fell out . 
 `` what 's in there ? '' 
 i asked , and maya sighed , pulling the rubber bands off the folder . 
 `` articles , weird things that popped up on the internet ... basically , i keep an eye out for any news story that seems to involve the supernatural . '' 
 i turned to mom . 
 `` this is how you find cases ? '' 
 mom had never looked sheepish in her life , i was willing to bet , but something really close to that expression crossed her face now . 
 `` not always . 
 but sometimes it makes sense to ... outsource . '' 
 i knew mom had friends who helped her out on cases from time to time . 
 there was the guy who got her the boat when she had to find those killer mermaids , and we always seemed to have plenty of money that came from some mysterious source . 
 but a middle-aged lady in the middle of nowhere collecting articles about possible supernatural happenings ? 
 that seemed kind of ... lame . 
 as maya sat down in front of the coffee table , i pulled the sleeves of my shirt over my hands and asked , `` what 's a hedge witch ? '' 
 clearing all the feet away , maya opened the folder . 
 `` the kind of witches you 're used to are born that way . 
 what is that stupid word they have for themselves ? '' 
 `` prodigium , '' mom and i answered in unison . 
 `` right , well , prodigium come into their powers at what , twelve ? 
 thirteen ? 
 and they can just do magic . 
 no wands , no spell books necessary unless they 're trying to do the super-dark crap . 
 point is , it 's an inborn ability . '' 
 maya began paging through the papers . 
 some were newspaper articles with big garish headlines . 
 i spotted one that blared , sea monster spotted at new england resort ! 
 `` now , it strikes me that this is incredibly unfair , '' maya continued . 
 a pair of glasses dangled from a beaded chain around her neck , and she picked them up , balancing them on the end of her nose as she continued to scan the papers . 
 an article that seemed to be about crop circles drifted to the carpet . 
 `` why should some people be born gods while the rest of us poor mortals have to struggle through the mud of humanity , trying - '' `` enough , maya . '' 
 mom turned to me . 
 `` a hedge witch is someone who can do magic , but they 've learned it from books . 
 and their abilities are severely limited compared to natural witches . '' 
 `` i resent the term hedge witch , '' maya said with a haughty lift of her shoulders . 
 `` what i do is every bit as natural as what fancy latin witches can do . 
 if anything , hedge magic is more elegant . '' 
 i glanced at the little pile of feet on the carpet and bit back a sarcastic comment . 
 `` ah , '' maya said at last , pulling out a large piece of paper . 
 `` here 's the one i was looking for . 
 caught my eye because it happened so close by . '' 
 she handed it to mom , and i leaned so that i could read it over her shoulder . 
 it was a photocopy of a newspaper piece . 
 there was a grainy photo of stretcher being pulled out of a large brick building , police tape everywhere . 
 the caption read , still no leads in attack on popular teacher . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 i tapped the picture . 
 `` was just a few months ago , '' maya said . 
 `` i remember it because that town in mississippi was close enough to here that it made the local news . 
 the science teacher was found nearly dead from a blow to the head . '' 
 `` okay , well , that seems awful but not necessarily supernatural , '' i said , but mom shook her head . 
 pointing to a section of the article , she said , `` read this part . 
 ` police are particularly baffled as david snyder was found in a room locked from the inside . ' 
 no witnesses , no fingerprints . 
 and he swears he was alone in the room . '' 
 i read all of that , but i still did n't get it . 
 `` it 's creepy , but it still is n't all that brannick-y . '' 
 mom looked up at me , the corners of her mouth turning down . 
 `` unless it 's a haunting . '' 
 digging my fingers into the couch cushions , i tried very hard not to roll my eyes . 
 `` mom , come on . 
 a ghost case ? '' 
 as far as supernatural threats went , ghosts were way down there at the bottom of the list . 
 for the most part , they just floated around and creeped people out , and they were ridiculously easy to banish . 
 but mom actually smiled . 
 `` this sounds perfect , iz . 
 exactly the kind of case you could tackle by yourself , get your confidence back - '' now i could n't keep the petulance out of my voice . 
 `` mom , ghosts jobs are nothing . 
 they 're ... they 're like brannick training wheels . '' 
 `` tell that to mr. snyder , '' maya muttered , and mom nodded . 
 `` if this is a haunting , it 's a potentially dangerous one . 
 we owe it to the students of '' - she squinted at the paper - `` mary evans high to keep them safe . '' 
 flipping my braid over my shoulder , i sank deeper into the couch . 
 `` i know , but - '' i sat up straight . 
 `` wait , this happened at a high school ? '' 
 mom had always gone out of her way to avoid jobs that happened at schools . 
 she 'd never said why , but i 'd guessed it had to do with me and finn and mom not wanting us to get any ideas about a `` regular life . '' 
 that 's why we 'd always been homeschooled , although i doubt many kids had to write an essay on the hammer of witches as their midterm . 
 and sure , a few years ago , i 'd kind of ... not longed for it , exactly , but i 'd thought high school had a certain exotic appeal . 
 but that was when i was just a kid . 
 whatever was on that piece of newspaper suddenly became very interesting to mom , and dread began to settle in my stomach . 
 `` mom , is this ... am i going to have to go to this high school ? '' 
 mom did n't look up . 
 `` it would be the best way for you to do the necessary reconnaissance work . 
 and it might be good for you . '' 
 her mouth tightened into a firm line , and i knew that whatever came out of her mouth next , it would be a command , not a request . 
 `` this is the case for us right now , isolde . 
 the case we need . '' 
 when mom used that voice , there was no arguing . 
 it was the same tone she used to get me to put in an extra hour on the training field . 
 the same tone she used the day she 'd said we were done looking for finley . 
 `` yes , ma'am , '' i said , hoping i did n't sound sullen . 
 but ... high school . 
 regular high school , with ... with ... yeah , i had no idea what that would actually entail , other than a vague notion of school dances and lockers . 
 and while our cabin in the woods may not be much , it was home . 
 `` the town is only about fifty miles from here , '' maya offered . 
 `` i could ride with y ' all , show you around . '' 
 she narrowed her eyes at mom . 
 `` and i 'm assuming you have ways of finding a place once you get there . '' 
 `` i 'll make some calls , '' mom said tersely . 
 `` we wo n't need a place , '' i insisted , rising to my feet . 
 `` places are for jobs that are more than chasing down casper . '' 
 mom began gathering the pieces of paper . 
 a few caught her eye , and she folded them carefully , putting them in the pocket of her jacket . 
 `` enough , iz . '' 
 she stood up and said to maya , `` we 'll need to go home , get a few things first . 
 we 'll drive down next week . '' 
 i frowned at that . 
 we had a car , but it was not the most reliable thing , and as much as i loathed itineris travel , it was a lot faster . 
 while mom and maya made plans , i sat back on the couch , the newspaper article in my hand . 
 i knew i should have been more concerned about the guy being pulled out on a stretcher , but my gaze kept going again and again to the big brick building behind him . 
 mary evans high . 
 a shiver went through me , and i was pretty sure it had nothing to do with any ghost . 
 chapter 5 `` i 'm so glad you could finally join me , isolde , '' torin said , smiling as he crossed a large gilded room . 
 he was wearing a fancy suit of emerald-green velvet rather than his usual outfit of black pants and white shirt , so i knew i was dreaming . 
 again . 
 `` i told you , no dreams , '' i said , but he just shrugged . 
 `` yes , but that was ages ago . '' 
 `` it was two weeks ago , '' i countered , even as i took the golden goblet he offered me . 
 my hand glittered with rings , and the dress i was wearing was so heavy i wanted to sit down . 
 `` and if memory serves , i 've been telling you to cut out the dream-walking thing for the past five years . '' 
 i smoothed my skirt . 
 `` why can i never wear my regular clothes ? '' 
 torin sipped his own drink . 
 `` my world , my dress code . 
 besides , you look lovely . '' 
 there were never any mirrors in these dreams , so i had to take his word for it . 
 `` was this your house ? '' 
 i asked . 
 liveried servants lined one wall , holding trays with more goblets . 
 music was playing somewhere nearby , but i could n't quite pin down the song . 
 `` free me , and you can see for yourself . '' 
 scowling , i handed him back his cup . 
 `` that 's never happening . 
 no matter how many times you invade my dreams to play dress-up . '' 
 he took my hand in his , and i was surprised by how warm his skin was . 
 torin had never touched me in these dreams before . 
 `` i 'm simply trying to show you that i 'm not all bad . 
 that freeing me will not unleash some sort of plague onto the world . 
 this is all i want , '' he said , nodding at the room . 
 `` my old life back . '' 
 i jerked my hand from his . 
 `` your ` old life ' ended nearly half a millennia ago . 
 this '' - i waved a bejeweled hand - `` does n't exist anymore . 
 outside of rap videos , at least . '' 
 torin leaned against the wall with an extravagant sigh . 
 `` you make me sad , isolde . '' 
 `` and you bug me . 
 now get out of here and let me dream about ... i do n't know , whatever it is normal teenage girls dream about . '' 
 turning his head , torin studied me . 
 his eyes were green , like mine , but whereas mine were shot through with gray , his had flecks of gold , like a cat 's . 
 or maybe they were just reflecting all the gilded crap in the room . 
 `` do you even know how to be a normal teenage girl ? '' 
 i backed up , wobbling in my brocade dress . 
 `` i guess i 'll figure it out , wo n't i ? '' 
 his grin was slow and lazy . 
 `` indeed . 
 and speaking of - '' the room began to fade , and another voice said , `` here you go . '' 
 something landed in my lap , jolting me out of sleep . 
 mom was sliding into the driver 's seat of the car , and i rubbed my eyes . 
 that 's right . 
 i was n't in a sixteenth-century ballroom . 
 i was in the parking lot of a walmart . 
 i felt the dream curling around me , but i shook it off as i sat up , inspecting the bag mom had tossed at me . 
 `` i got everything they had that was set in high school , '' she told me , starting the car . 
 reaching into the bag , i pulled out several box sets of tv shows . 
 i held up one , making a face . 
 `` um , mom , unless regular high school involves me having to avenge the murder of my boyfriend 's identical twin who turns out to actually be my boyfriend , i do n't think this is going to be a huge help . '' 
 `` better than nothing . '' 
 the car sputtered and lurched as mom turned onto the highway , and i fought the urge to ask why we could n't have gotten a new car for this job . 
 mom had managed to find us a tiny rental house in the tiny town of ideal , mississippi . 
 maybe the town founders had called it `` ideal '' as a joke . 
 other than a few strip malls and neighborhood after neighborhood of houses exactly like ours , ideal did n't have that much to offer . 
 except for a high school that may or may not have a major-league haunting going on . 
 we pulled into the driveway of our house . 
 like the house on either side of it , it was covered in beige vinyl siding , and while it was definitely a step up from the cabin , it was still depressing . 
 i helped mom lug the rest of her purchases in , and was about to head up to my room to watch my brand-new tv shows on my brand-new computer when mom stopped me . 
 `` should we ... do you want to go back and get you some new clothes ? 
 i did n't even think about that . '' 
 my entire wardrobe consisted of black jeans , black t-shirts , and a selection of hoodies . 
 those were black , too , except for the pink one finn had once gotten me as a joke . 
 `` i 'll be fine , '' i told her . 
 i 'd seen enough kids to know that , while i would n't exactly be a supermodel , i would n't look like a total freak , either . 
 mom nodded . 
 `` okay . 
 what about your cover story ? 
 should we go over that one more time ? '' 
 i just barely managed to keep from rolling my eyes . 
 we 'd been over my cover story at least half a dozen times on the drive from tennessee to alabama , and then again on the drive from maya 's to here . 
 i could have recited it in my sleep . 
 the gist of it was that i was izzy brannick-mom let me use my real name since this was my first time doing a case solo-and i was from tennessee . 
 my mom had taken a job in the next town over , but we moved to ideal because the schools were better . 
 short , simple , sweet . 
 still , i repeated it to mom . 
 when i was done , she seemed satisfied , although i had a feeling i 'd have to do it again before school tomorrow . 
 `` anything else you want to talk about ? '' 
 mom asked , and i shook my head . 
 `` you good for the rest of the night ? '' 
 mom was already glancing down the stairs . 
 `` sure , '' i told her . 
 `` go ... do your thing . '' 
 mom 's `` thing '' was locking herself in the spare bedroom and poring over books and journals and weird magical documents . 
 i was n't sure if she was searching for something that would help us on this case or just boning up on her general monster research . 
 and there was that little part of me that wondered if she was looking for clues about finn , but i never asked . 
 i did n't even know where any of that stuff had come from . 
 it had just started showing up at the house right after we moved in last week . 
 from more of mom 's `` friends , '' i guessed . 
 once i was in my room , i sorted through the dvds , trying to decide which one to watch first . 
 the one with the girl who falls in love with an alien sounded the most interesting , but i figured it , like the secret twin murder show , would n't be that useful . 
 so in the end , i picked the show about the poor girl who transfers to the rich-kid high school , ivy springs . 
 the cover was pretty boring , but by episode three , i was so into it that i did n't even notice torin in my mirror until he cleared his throat . 
 frowning , i reached out and clicked pause right before everton , the rich boy , told leslie , our impoverished her ** ne , that he had feelings for her . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i snapped at torin . 
 `` just checking in on you . 
 you could be a little thankful , you know . 
 getting out of my own mirror requires considerable power on my part . '' 
 `` first of all , no , it does n't , '' i countered . 
 `` you zip in and out of those things all the time . 
 and secondly , i would be thankful if i wanted to talk to you , but i do n't , so i 'm not . '' 
 i had too much on my plate right now to deal with torin . 
 especially since i was still irritated about the dream invasion . 
 `` that is unkind , '' torin sniffed . 
 in the mirror , he was sitting on my bed . 
 mom had let me pick out a new bedspread yesterday , but i 'd been so overwhelmed by all the patterns and the flowers and the pop stars that i 'd ended up picking a plain green blanket that looked almost identical to the covers i 'd left behind . 
 ignoring torin , i started the show up again . 
 everton confessed his love , leslie swooned , and just as they were about to kiss , torin piped up , `` those two seem insipid . '' 
 i shot a look at him . 
 `` shut up . '' 
 `` i mean it . 
 and does n't that lad have another girl ? 
 this can really only end badly for everyone involved . '' 
 in spite of myself , i smiled a little . 
 `` i guess i should get used to this kind of drama . '' 
 torin smiled back . 
 `` certainly scarier than staking vampires , is n't it ? '' 
 i wondered what it said about me that watching a teen soap opera with a four-hundred-year-old warlock felt , well ... normal . 
 `` i do n't know why i 'm doing all of this , '' i said , not taking my eyes off the screen . 
 `` or why mom is going to all this trouble . 
 if there 's a ghost here-and i kind of doubt it-it wo n't require my going to this school for , like , months or renting a house . 
 we could just get in , get out - '' `` isolde , do not be so dense . '' 
 in the mirror , torin was leaning back on his hands , ankles crossed . 
 `` your moving here has nothing to do with any ghost . 
 granted , there 's a chance a haunting is happening at betty crocker high - '' `` mary evans , '' i corrected , but he blew a hank of blond hair out of his eyes and shrugged . 
 `` but clearly , aislinn 's true motivation here is to let you experience a taste of regular human life . 
 she 's gruff and difficult , that woman , so of course she 'd rather die than tell you , ` oh , isolde , guilt over your sister 's disappearance has left me swimming in a veritable sea of angst - ' '' `` stop it . '' 
 standing up , i flipped off the television and turned to face torin . 
 `` just ... if you ca n't help with finley , then do n't talk about her , okay ? '' 
 torin pursed his lips slightly , tilting his head and studying me . 
 then he said , `` i did not mean to offend . 
 i simply wanted to make sure you understood why you 're really here , isolde . 
 this is n't about hunting a ghost . 
 it 's about your mum trying to do something for you that she never did for your sister . '' 
 snorting , i headed for the door . 
 `` mom does n't think like that . '' 
 `` i 've known her longer than you have , '' torin called , and i froze , hand on the doorknob . 
 i 'd never really thought of it like that , but yeah , torin had been in our family for centuries . 
 he 'd seen mom grow up . 
 had known my grandmother , my great-grandmother , all the brannicks stretching back to the sixteenth century . 
 leaning forward , torin gave his best sheepish smile . 
 `` now , can we please stop quarreling and finish this program ? 
 i really do want to see what fresh hell is unleashed next . '' 
 i hesitated , and torin clasped his hands on his knees , sitting up straight . 
 `` i promise to behave . '' 
 somehow , i doubted that , but to be honest , i really wanted to see how that episode went . 
 so i settled back on the floor and turned the tv on . 
 leslie and everton kissed , his girlfriend found out , and the episode ended with leslie running down the street in tears while some seriously whiny music wailed in the background . 
 `` well , '' torin said as the credits began to roll , `` take heart , isolde . 
 at least a ghost will be less terrifying than that . '' 
 chapter 6 the next morning , i woke up before my alarm . 
 it was n't like i 'd never thought about the first day of school before . 
 i remembered going into stores with mom and finn , passing all those displays of pencils and binders and backpacks , and wondering what it must be like to live that kind of life . 
 but i 'd never thought that would be my life . 
 i was still brooding when i headed downstairs and into the kitchen . 
 mom was already there , and from the look of things , she 'd been busy . 
 `` do you expect me to eat ... all of this ? '' 
 i stared at the kitchen table , which was practically buckling under the weight of all the food . 
 pancakes , bacon , eggs , a fruit bowl , an entire loaf of toast , and ... `` is that actual gruel ? '' 
 i asked , pointing to a pot . 
 `` grits , '' mom answered , wiping her hands on a dish towel stuck in her waistband . 
 `` and no , '' she continued , `` you do n't have to eat all of it . 
 i just ... i want you to start your day off right . '' 
 i grabbed a plate and some bacon . 
 `` mom , you did n't make this much food the day finn and i chased our first werewolf . 
 i 'm pretty sure today will be less challenging than that . '' 
 i was trying to joke , but mom frowned . 
 `` i do n't think i ever made you girls any food . 
 finn could make mac and cheese by the time she was four , and you were using a microwave by that age . 
 i should 've cooked more . '' 
 i stared at her . 
 `` mom , we were fine . 
 and i happen to like spaghettios . 
 especially the kind with the meatballs . 
 finn used to give me the meatballs out of her bowl , and - '' i hate crying . 
 the tears , the snot , the red face . 
 all of it . 
 but what i really hate is when crying sneaks up on you unexpectedly . 
 so i looked down at my plate and shoved a piece of bacon into my mouth , hoping that would stop the sob that was welling up in my throat . 
 you need these meatballs more than i do , junior . 
 you 're so skinny , a shifter is gon na pick his teeth with you one day . 
 mom had turned back to the sink . 
 `` hurry up before you miss your bus , '' she said , and i could 've imagined it , but her voice sounded a little watery , too . 
 the bacon might as well have been made of cardboard for as much as i tasted it , but i got it down . 
 `` right . 
 okay . 
 well . 
 i , uh , guess i 'll go wait for the bus . '' 
 mom turned . 
 `` do you want me to wait with you ? '' 
 i did . 
 a lot . 
 why was hunting monsters less scary than waiting by a freaking stop sign in the suburbs ? 
 but i shrugged . 
 `` no , do n't worry about it . 
 i think i can handle standing on a corner by myself for ten minutes . '' 
 the parentheses deepened around her mouth . 
 `` do n't get smart . '' 
 `` i was n't ! 
 i. . . '' 
 sighing , i shouldered my backpack . 
 it was the same one i used to take when finn and i would patrol , but this time there were no crossbows or vials of holy water . 
 just notebooks and two packs of pens . 
 `` i 'll be home after three , '' i told mom . 
 `` okay , '' she replied . 
 `` remember , main thing today is just to start getting yourself situated . 
 head down - '' `` eyes open , '' i finished for her . 
 that might as well have been the brannick family motto . 
 mom gave a sharp nod . 
 `` right . 
 we 'll talk when you get home . 
 and ... '' she walked over and , to my surprise , gave me a hug . 
 `` have a good day , iz . '' 
 i hugged her back , closing my eyes and breathing in the safe , familiar smell of mom . 
 brannicks are n't huggers , and i could n't remember the last time mom had wrapped her arms around me . 
 `` i will . '' 
 the kitchen was right off the main hallway leading to the front door . 
 the old owners of the house had put up a little shelf with hooks , a box for keys , and a tiny mirror to , i do n't know , check your lipstick before you went out or whatever . 
 i snagged my black jacket from one of the hooks , and as i did , caught a flash of movement . 
 torin . 
 in the mirror , he leaned against the wall behind me . 
 `` nervous ? '' 
 he asked , grinning . 
 glancing down the hall toward the kitchen , i leaned in closer and whispered , `` no . '' 
 his grin got bigger . 
 `` yes , you are . 
 you 're a brannick , a queen among women , and you 're scared of going to school . 
 when , really , it 's the school that should be scared of you . '' 
 he said it like that was something to be proud of . 
 mom was still banging pans , water running in the sink , but i kept my voice as low as i could . 
 `` what the heck does that mean ? '' 
 `` like i said , '' torin replied , `` you 're a brannick . 
 not only have you been trained to dispose of the most powerful creatures this world has ever known , you 've been bred to be an effective killer . 
 over one thousand years of genetics , all coming together to form isolde brannick , a deadly weapon . '' 
 i stared at him . 
 `` torin , is ... is this your idea of a pep talk ? '' 
 his brow wrinkled . 
 `` a what ? 
 i am simply trying to make you feel more confident about your day by giving you a small speech on your many virtues . '' 
 adjusting my bag on my shoulder , i poked at the glass . 
 `` that 's a pep talk , then . 
 except yours is n't really helping . '' 
 now torin was leaning back against the wall , his arms folded over his chest . 
 `` i actually felt it was going quite well , and i had n't even gotten to the part where i declare you a tiger sent to matriculate among kittens . '' 
 in the kitchen , the water shut off . 
 i glared at torin . 
 `` i 'm not a tiger , '' i hissed . 
 he gave one of his elegant shrugs as mom called , `` iz ? '' 
 she stepped out of the kitchen , but by then , torin had already vanished from the mirror . 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 i replied , hoping i sounded casual . 
 `` just ... be careful today , okay ? '' 
 it was such a weird thing for her to say . 
 i mean , it was a perfectly normal thing for regular moms to say , but not for mine . 
 and for a second , i wondered if i actually could be the sort of person who had a mom who told her to `` be careful . '' 
 the kind who rode buses and whose mom cooked breakfast . 
 then she added , `` lie low . 
 and remember your cover . '' 
 the bus ride ended up being easier than i 'd thought . 
 i snagged a seat by myself and spent the twenty-minute ride watching the boring streets of ideal flash by and trying to tell myself that i 'd faced off with werewolves and demons , for heaven 's sake . 
 not one other kid on this bus had done that . 
 so how tough could it be navigating high school ? 
 all i had to do was go into the main office , hand the secretary my -lrb- fake -rrb- paperwork , get a schedule , and then ... go to class . 
 mom and i had agreed i should n't start asking questions about the attack on the science teacher too quickly , but i could definitely keep my ear to the ground . 
 i 'd studied a map of the school last night , but that did n't prepare me for the crush of people and confusing warren of hallways and stairs and classrooms as i walked through the giant double doors . 
 it was so ... loud . 
 to my left , a group of girls shrieked and laughed about something , while just in front of me , two boys were shouting at each other , earbuds jammed firmly in their ears . 
 pushing my shoulders back , i tried to move with the same sense of purpose that everyone else seemed to have , but that was n't really helpful since i did n't actually know where i was going . 
 i wandered down one hallway , only to have to double back when it dead-ended in a row of lockers . 
 then i thought i 'd found the main office , but that was actually the attendance office . 
 `` the main office is in the east wing , '' the harried attendance lady had told me , and i 'd nodded and mumbled , `` thanks , '' like i knew where the heck the east wing was . 
 well , other than east , obviously . 
 by the time i found the main office , it was nearly time for first period , and the secretary hardly looked at my papers . 
 `` here , '' she said , shoving a folder at me . 
 `` schedule and list of extracurricular activities . 
 now get moving before third bell . '' 
 third bell ? 
 there had n't even been one so far . 
 at that moment , a harsh buzzing filled the air , and as i stepped out into the corridor , kids suddenly began to sprint for the staircases and other hallways . 
 pressing myself against the wall , i struggled to open the folder and not get run over . 
 as i did , i kept up a running monologue with myself . 
 oh my god , chill out . 
 your heart is going a million miles an hour over a bunch of kids ? 
 you fight monsters . 
 get a hold of yourself , brannick . 
 and i 'd almost managed to do that when a boy nearly a foot taller than me collided with my shoulder , sending the folder spinning out of my hands , papers scattering everywhere . 
 my muscles tensed , and before i could stop it , my hand had darted out to ... i do n't know , grab the guy , or punch him , or who knew what . 
 thank god he 'd already moved too far past me , and my hand just flopped harmlessly in midair . 
 taking a deep breath , i tried to calm down . 
 the last thing i needed was to let my instincts take over before i 'd even set foot in my first class . 
 i knelt down and started to pick up my papers . 
 `` hey , you okay ? '' 
 a boy about my age stood in front of me . 
 sandy brown hair fell in his eyes , which , i noticed , were dark brown . 
 `` just , uh , dropped some stuff . '' 
 crouching down , the boy gathered up my schedule and list of school clubs while i fished the map out from under the water fountain . 
 `` you must be new , '' he said , and my head shot up . 
 `` how did you know ? '' 
 `` um , the folder saying ` new student ' kind of gave it away . '' 
 oh , right . 
 now that he mentioned it , that was scrawled across the top . 
 `` ah , '' i said , unsure of what else to say . 
 `` and according to this , '' he continued , brandishing my schedule , `` you and i have first period english together . 
 come on , i 'll walk you . '' 
 as i followed him , the boy adjusted his dark green backpack covered in various badges that read things like , `` rusted nail , '' and `` the filthy monkeys . '' 
 i figured either those were bands , or this kid was in the weirdest boy scout troop ever . 
 `` i 'm adam , '' he threw over his shoulder . 
 when i just nodded , he stopped . 
 `` i 'm assuming you have a name , too . '' 
 `` oh . 
 yeah . 
 izzy . 
 my name is izzy . '' 
 adam inclined his head . 
 `` well , nice to meet you , izzy . '' 
 there was another bell , the second one , and i heard doors begin to close . 
 `` is that - '' i started , but adam waved a hand . 
 `` you 're new and i was showing you around and being a good citizen . 
 we 're good . 
 so . '' 
 still walking , he held up the list of extracurricular activities . 
 `` have you picked which of our fine organizations to join yet ? '' 
 i took the paper back . 
 `` seeing as how i 've been here all of five minutes , no . 
 and besides , i 'm not much of a joiner . '' 
 `` fair enough , '' he said amiably , leading me up a staircase . 
 `` but hey , at least you know if you get a sudden urge to be part of a chess club , or a lacrosse team , or a ghost-hunting society , you 'll have the option . '' 
 i froze on the fifth step . 
 `` a what ? '' 
 adam turned , shoving a handful of hair out of his eyes . 
 `` lacrosse ? 
 it 's this sport with sticks , and - '' `` not that , '' i said , scanning the list . 
 `` do you have a ghost-hunting group ? '' 
 and sure enough , there it was on the list , the paranormal management society . 
 trying to hide my glee , i folded the paper up and shoved it into my back pocket with a nonchalant shrug . 
 `` i mean ... that 's just weird . '' 
 adam snorted and started climbing the stairs again . 
 `` that 's one word for it . 
 the chick that runs it , romy hayden , is a total wack job . 
 which you 'll see since she 's in english with us . 
 and speaking of '' - he stopped in front of a door and gave a bow - `` here we are . '' 
 chapter 7 by the time we walked into class , everyone was already in their desks , and i felt thirty pairs of eyes suddenly land on me . 
 it was not the best feeling . 
 `` this is izzy , '' adam announced to the teacher . 
 according to my schedule , she was mrs. steele , and adam was right ; she did n't seem put out by our lateness . 
 `` welcome to mary evans high , izzy , '' she said to me . 
 `` why do n't you take a seat near the front for today . 
 romy , can you move over one desk ? '' 
 i spun around , wanting to catch sight of this girl . 
 it was n't like i thought her little ghost-hunters club would actually be that useful . 
 every once and a while , groups like that spring up somewhere in the country , and they have a really bad tendency to result in a high body count . 
 nothing more dangerous than civilians who think they can track prodigium , mom had said a few years ago after she 'd had to go clean up after one of those groups . 
 `` kids read a few books , watch a couple of stupid tv shows , and get in over their heads before they know what 's happened . '' 
 but still , if i was looking for a vengeful ghost , this was a start , and a heck of a lot better one than i 'd thought i 'd get . 
 a tall asian girl got out of one of the desks in the first row , and i realized i 'd seen her on the bus . 
 it would 've been hard to miss her . 
 next to my all-black ensemble she was a riot of color . 
 her jeans were bright red , and her white t-shirt had two rainbows splashed across it , with the words double rainbow all the way written in electric-blue bubble letters . 
 a hat that same vivid blue was yanked low on her head , and the frames of her glasses were neon purple . 
 when got up , i noticed she was wearing red converse sneakers . 
 as she sagged into the other desk , she flipped up the dark lenses of her sunglasses , revealing regular glass underneath . 
 `` enjoy that desk . 
 it 's one of my favorites . '' 
 i did n't know what to say to that . 
 mom said to get close to people , find stuff out . 
 investigate . 
 what she 'd neglected to mention was how . 
 should i introduce myself to romy now ? 
 use the cover story ? 
 or was that too much too soon ? 
 luckily , i was literally saved by the bell . 
 it trilled , and mrs. steele started handing out work sheets . 
 i spent the next fifty minutes using words like `` inscrutable '' in a sentence . 
 when class ended , romy bolted for the door , so i did n't have to practice my cover story after all . 
 next up was p.e. , the one class i was n't that worried about . 
 mom had had me and finn running at least six miles a day basically since we could walk . 
 besides , in all the tv shows mom had gotten me , people usually just spent p.e. talking under the bleachers , or meeting up with their secret boyfriends . 
 since i did n't have anyone to talk to , or a boyfriend , secret or otherwise , i figured i had this . 
 or i would have if i 'd been able to find the gym . 
 it took me a while to figure out that the gym was actually an entirely separate building , slightly downhill from the school itself . 
 and once i finally got there , i realized there was one thing i did n't have : a uniform . 
 everyone else was coming out of the locker rooms in these awful gray shirt/shorts combos with mehs scrawled across the chest . 
 the coach , a tubby guy who was about my mom 's age , looked me up and down and barked , `` you ! 
 why are n't you dressed out ? '' 
 before i could answer , a voice called , `` she 's new , duh . '' 
 it was romy . 
 dressed all in gray , she seemed smaller than she had earlier . 
 the coach frowned at her . 
 `` attitude ! '' 
 `` sorry , '' she said , sounding anything but . 
 then she turned to me . 
 `` he basically shouts everything . 
 you 'll get used to it . '' 
 and then , to prove her point , the coach yelled , `` okay , you over here ! '' 
 he waved at my half of the gym , `` you 're team a , rest of you are team b. opposite sides , let 's go ! '' 
 groaning , romy pushed her glasses up her nose . 
 `` teams for what ? '' 
 i asked as the kids next to us began heading for the nearest wall . 
 `` effing dodgeball , '' she said with a long sigh . 
 dodgeball . 
 right . 
 i 'd heard of that . 
 and it seemed kind of self-explanatory . 
 clearly , there 'd be balls . 
 and then we 'd ... dodge . 
 sure enough , the coach began placing a line of red rubber balls between our two `` teams . '' 
 `` i swear to god , if my glasses get broken again , i 'm suing this crappy school , '' romy muttered darkly under her breath . 
 when she caught me looking at her , she added , `` twice last year . 
 two pairs . '' 
 she raised her voice , her eyes fixed on the coach 's back . 
 `` this game is barbaric ! '' 
 she called . 
 `` zip it , hayden , '' the coach replied with the air of someone who had said those three words many , many times . 
 romy scowled but stepped into line . 
 i stepped next to her , tugging at the hem of my hoodie . 
 `` what 's your name ? '' 
 romy asked . 
 a tiny dimple flashed in one cheek . 
 `` i mean , in my head , you 'll always be the girl who took my desk , but that 's kind of an awkward thing to call you all the time . '' 
 `` izzy . '' 
 `` ah , a fellow holder of a cutesy name . 
 so you 're new ? '' 
 i nodded , but before i could say anything else , the coach blew his whistle . 
 at the sound , several kids darted forward and grabbed the rubber balls . 
 before the whistle had even faded , a tall boy on the other side of the gym took aim at romy and threw . 
 the ball did n't hit her glasses at least , but it did slam into her forearm with a meaty smack . 
 romy winced , rubbing the red mark already forming on her skin . 
 as the tall boy laughed and high-fived one of his friends , romy called out , `` yeah , nice one , ben . 
 you took out a ninety-pound myopic chick . 
 congratulations on your masculinity ! '' 
 with that , she trudged over to the bleachers . 
 out of the corner of my eye , i caught a ball zooming at me , but i jerked back so that it sailed harmlessly by . 
 okay . 
 i could do this . 
 it was actually kind of similar to a training exercise mom used to make me and finley do . 
 that involved dodging a much heavier ball made of leather , but the principle was the same . 
 it was one of mom 's favorite training exercises because it combined both strength and agility . 
 finley had always been better than me at the strength part , but agile ? 
 that i could do . 
 by now , kids were getting hit all over the place , and soon there were only five of us on our side of the gym , and six on the other side . 
 one of those was the tall boy , ben , who had hit romy . 
 i guess some girls would 've thought he was cute , but all i could see was `` psychotic jerk who goes out of his way to hit girls . '' 
 his gaze locked with mine , and one corner of his mouth lifted in a smirk . 
 rearing back on one leg , like he was pitching a baseball , ben hurled a red rubber ball directly at me . 
 he threw it so hard that i actually staggered back a step when i caught it . 
 but i did catch it . 
 ben 's smirk turned into a frown , i guess because he 'd been looking forward to seeing me sprawled across the gym floor . 
 `` too bad , buddy , '' i muttered under my breath . 
 and with that , i threw the ball back at him . 
 i meant to hit him in the arm , the same place he 'd hit romy . 
 i did n't mean for it to hurt-okay , so maybe i meant for it to hurt a little bit-but the second the ball was out of my hands i knew i 'd thrown it too hard . 
 the ball we trained with back home was made of boiled leather . 
 it was heavy and required some real heft to get it through the air . 
 this ball was rubber , but i 'd put the same amount of force behind it . 
 it hit ben 's shoulder and sent him skidding across the hardwood , his sneakers shrieking as he slid . 
 arms pinwheeling , he stumbled back against the far wall of the gym before finally collapsing in a heap . 
 for a second , everything was deadly quiet . 
 then the coach 's shrill whistle pierced the air . 
 `` you ! '' 
 he barked , letting the whistle fall from his lips . 
 `` new girl ! 
 what 's your name ? '' 
 i was suddenly very aware of everyone in the gym staring at me . 
 crap . 
 straightening my shoulders , i faced the coach . 
 `` izzy brannick . '' 
 `` okay , izzy brannick , do you wan na tell me why you just knocked mccrary here on his butt ? '' 
 confused , i glanced over at ben . 
 one of his friends was helping him up . 
 his face was pale , and when the other boy touched his shoulder , ben winced . 
 `` i was just ... playing the game , '' i replied , and this time there was a little waver in my voice . 
 `` he was out , '' the coach said , and when i just stared at him , he shook his head . 
 `` you caught his throw . 
 so he was already out . 
 there was no need to throw the ball at him , and certainly no need to - '' he broke off to look at ben , and his eyes went wide . 
 `` dear god , did you dislocate his shoulder ? '' 
 ben did look a little ... crooked . 
 `` i did n't mean to , '' i said , but the coach was n't listening . 
 `` get him to the nurse 's office , '' he called to the boy beside ben . 
 then his gaze swung back to me . 
 `` and you . 
 you ... just go run some laps . 
 until the end of the period . '' 
 `` seriously , it was an accident - '' i said , but coach lewis just pointed at the double doors . 
 `` football field . 
 laps . '' 
 i heard a few giggles , and romy was squinting at me , but basically everyone else in the gym was watching me with a combination of dislike and fear . 
 suddenly i saw myself through their eyes-all in black , my hair scraped back from my face-and i wondered how `` fitting in '' had ever seemed possible . 
 chapter 8 the football field was right behind the gym , just down the hill . 
 in addition to the running track circling it , the field also boasted several sets of rickety-looking bleachers . 
 i jogged down the steps to the track , my breath coming out in small white clouds . 
 my cheeks were still so hot , i was surprised they did n't steam in the cold air . 
 the sun was bright overhead , and i realized with a start that it was only around nine in the morning . 
 not even lunch and i 'd already nearly killed someone . 
 what had torin said about me going to a regular school ? 
 that i was a tiger and they were kittens ? 
 i did n't feel much like a tiger , and that ben kid had n't looked like a kitten , but still . 
 he was the one going to the nurse 's office , and i was the one being punished . 
 not that this was real punishment , i guess . 
 running , i could do . 
 the track around the football field was n't even a real track . 
 it was more like a well-worn path , the packed dirt showing through the brown , dry grass . 
 glad i 'd chosen sneakers instead of boots -lrb- although i was pretty quick in those , too -rrb- , i set off . 
 the february air knifed through my lungs , every breath burning . 
 but with each thump of my sneakers against the track , i started to feel a little more ... okay , so `` normal '' probably is n't the greatest word , but less crappy at least . 
 mom always said that exercise was the best cure for everything . 
 finn and i knew a mission had n't gone well when mom came back to the compound and spent a few hours on the training field . 
 man , what i would n't have given for that field now . 
 a couple of laps around a lame high school track was one thing , but kicking the heck out of a dummy or flinging some throwing stars would 've felt a lot more satisfying . 
 picking up my speed , i rounded the corner , and suddenly felt like someone was watching me . 
 i glanced up , and sure enough , there was a guy in the bleachers . 
 i only caught a few details as i jogged past-wavy black hair , sunglasses , something weird about his jacket-and when he lifted one hand to wave at me , i ignored him . 
 he was still there when i went around the second time , but now he was standing up , hands shoved into his pockets , shoulders up against the cold . 
 `` weirdo , '' i muttered . 
 okay , so maybe the girl who had just laid out a guy with a dodgeball had no room to talk , but still . 
 even i knew it was n't socially acceptable to stare at people . 
 i pulled my hoodie up and kept running , faster now , and when i made the lap the third time , the bleachers were empty . 
 awesome . 
 maybe watcher dude had found some other girl to creep on . 
 lowering my eyes back to the track , i wondered just how many laps i was supposed to do . 
 the coach had just said `` some . '' 
 was that a set number that everyone else who went to high school already knew ? 
 did that mean i had to run until the end of p.e. ? 
 and would i even be able to hear the bell out - suddenly , a pair of shiny black shoes came into view directly in front of me . 
 watcher dude was standing in the middle of the track . 
 he did n't move as i darted to the side , my sneakers skidding on the dirt as i slowed down . 
 breathing hard , i whirled around to face him . 
 `` the heck ? '' 
 i panted . 
 he took off his sunglasses , and as he hooked them in the collar of his shirt , i noticed that the arms were bright aqua . 
 his eyes were nearly the same shade of blue as he squinted at me . 
 `` is someone trying to murder you ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 shrugging , he put his hands in the pockets of his jacket . 
 the other boys i 'd seen at mary evans high were wearing pullover fleeces or north face jackets , like adam . 
 this guy was wearing a navy peacoat , and there was a gray scarf twisted into a complicated knot at his throat . 
 `` i 've just never seen anyone run that ... determinedly , '' he said . 
 `` so i assumed someone must be chasing you . '' 
 with an exaggerated lean , he peered down the track . 
 `` but that does n't seem to be the case . 
 so why were you running ? '' 
 `` coach lewis told me to . '' 
 his eyebrows went up . 
 `` ah . 
 so you 're being punished for something . 
 coach lewis is not the most creative man when it comes to discipline . 
 so let 's see ... '' looking me up and down , the boy began to circle me . 
 okay , staring was one thing , but circling ? 
 yeah , that was totally not cool . 
 i moved around with him . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 `` you 've definitely got that whole tough chick thing going on . 
 talking back , maybe ? 
 shouting a four-letter word when you lost a relay race ? '' 
 `` it 's none of your business , '' i snapped , even as i glanced down and realized he was wearing pin-striped pants . 
 i did n't even know those still existed . 
 `` why are n't you in p.e. ? '' 
 he finally stopped circling and reached into the pocket of his coat . 
 pulling out an inhaler , he waggled it at me . 
 `` asthma . 
 but rather than just give me another elective , the fascists who run this school make me come to p.e. every day and sit out . '' 
 `` so why do n't you sit out in the gym ? '' 
 grinning , the boy slid the inhaler back into his pocket . 
 `` i figured if all i was going to do was sit there , i could at least offer commentary on the athletic prowess of my classmates . 
 coach lewis , sadly , did not agree . 
 so now i 'm banished to the wilds of the football field . 
 much like you . '' 
 he slid his sunglasses back on . 
 `` and now you know my deep dark secret , so it seems only fair that you share yours with me . 
 oh , i 'm dex , by the way , '' he added . 
 `` just in case you feel weird sharing deep dark secrets with strangers . '' 
 maybe it was his grin , which was a nice change from the glares/looks of horror i 'd gotten in the gym , but i found myself giving a little smile in return . 
 `` izzy . 
 and there , uh , was a dodgeball incident . '' 
 `` perhaps the most intriguing phrase i 've heard uttered in some time , '' dex said , rocking back on his heels . 
 `` i 'm obviously going to need you to elaborate . '' 
 `` this jackass hit a girl too hard with one of the balls . 
 so i. . . 
 hit him back . '' 
 dex ducked his head , regarding me over the top of his sunglasses . 
 `` aaaand ? '' 
 `` and maybe i threw it a little too hard and ... dislocated his shoulder . '' 
 `` whoa , for real ? '' 
 dex asked , and for just a second , the act-or whatever it was-slipped , and he just seemed like a normal teenage boy . 
 a normal teenage boy wearing a cravat , but whatever . 
 `` it was an accident , '' i said hurriedly , but dex shook his head . 
 `` which girl and which jackass ? '' 
 `` romy hayden and ben ... something . 
 i do n't remember . '' 
 `` you knocked out ben mccrary ? '' 
 he asked , eyes wide . 
 `` it was an accident , '' i said again . 
 `` i threw the ball harder than i meant to . '' 
 dex burst into laughter . 
 `` oh my god , that is the greatest thing i 've heard all week . 
 you are my new hero . '' 
 squinting at me , he leaned in and said , `` seriously , i might actually be in love with you now . 
 would it be awkward if we made out ? '' 
 head spinning , i stepped back . 
 i thought of my cousin , sophie , and her boyfriend , archer . 
 the way they were always zinging one-liners back and forth . 
 i should have a one-liner . 
 instead , i said , `` yes , it would be . '' 
 i waited for his smile to falter , for a little bit of that light to fade from his eyes . 
 but if anything , he looked more delighted . 
 `` well , then we 'll just have to hold off until we know each other better . '' 
 wait , did that mean he actually wanted to make out with me ? 
 `` and not only did you assault ben mccrary - '' `` i did n't assault him , '' i muttered , but dex ignored that . 
 `` you did it in defense of romy hayden , who is one of the least useless people at this school . 
 i 'm not joking . 
 you are my favorite person today . '' 
 from somewhere in the distance , i heard the electronic whine of the bell , and dex frowned . 
 `` sadly , our time together has come to an end . 
 unless you have algebra two next ? '' 
 i shook my head , thinking back to the schedule i 'd shoved into my back pocket . 
 `` european history . '' 
 `` ah , you 're a sophomore . 
 i 'm a junior , so ships in the night are we , '' dex said , heaving a sigh . 
 `` in that case , i 'll see you on the bus tomorrow . '' 
 i blinked . 
 `` you ride my bus ? '' 
 `` you did n't notice me this morning ? 
 i 'm wounded . '' 
 i 'd been too busy worrying about how i was going to navigate mary evans high to notice anyone , even a six-foot-tall boy wearing pinstripes . 
 `` not much of a morning person , '' i finally said . 
 bouncing on the balls of his feet , dex smiled again . 
 `` fair enough . 
 i 'll save you a seat tomorrow . 
 until then , isabella . '' 
 `` isolde , '' i corrected , and his smile widened . 
 `` even better . '' 
 he reached out to shake my hand . 
 our palms touched , and a jolt went through me . 
 he did n't seem to feel it as he gave my hand two firm shakes before dropping it . 
 `` try not to kill anyone else today ! '' 
 he called as he began walking backward down the track . 
 i was still reeling , so it took everything i had to muster up a weak smile in reply . 
 once he 'd turned around and started walking like a normal person , i glanced down at my hand . 
 my skin still tingled , like a low electric current was running through me . 
 it was faint , and i 'd certainly felt stronger , but it was unmistakable . 
 magic . 
 dex was prodigium . 
 chapter 9 the rest of the day passed uneventfully . 
 i guess after you 've beaten someone up with a dodgeball and flirted with a monster , most anything else will seem pretty tame . 
 i was n't quite ready for another run-in with dex , so rather than take the bus home , i decided to walk . 
 it was a few miles , and by the time i got home , my calves ached , but the walk gave me time to think . 
 what kind of prodigium was dex ? 
 warlock seemed like the most reasonable explanation-i had n't spotted a bloodstone on him , and without one of those , vampires become barbecue in the sunlight-and there had n't been that weird animal smell that seemed to cling to shape-shifters . 
 wings were pretty conspicuous , so unless he was hiding them underneath that peacoat , i did n't think he was fae . 
 but i 'd been around lots of witches and warlocks , and i 'd always been able to sense their power once i got within a few feet of them . 
 i 'd never had to touch one to feel their magic . 
 as i unlocked the front door , i tried to think of who i could ask about this . 
 i knew i should tell mom , but i 'd never had trouble identifying a prodigium before , and it was n't something i was ready to own up to . 
 besides , this was meant to be my case . 
 my chance to prove myself . 
 i wondered what finley would say if she were here . 
 probably something like , `` stab him with silver and see if it kills him . '' 
 so that left me with only one option . 
 the house was quiet and dark when i stepped into the foyer , and mom 's car was n't in the driveway . 
 still , i found myself walking softly as i made my way to the third bedroom . 
 i had n't been in there since we 'd moved in , and when i opened the door , it was like being punched in the stomach . 
 finley 's things were in here . 
 by which i meant her pillow and a photograph she 'd had stuck to the mirror in our bedroom . 
 it showed us when i was around six , finn eight or nine . 
 we were in the training yard , two little redheaded girls with our arms around each other 's shoulders . 
 it was a sweet picture -lrb- if you ignored the fact that i was holding a miniature crossbow and finn 's fingers were wrapped around the hilt of a sword -rrb- , and i wished i remembered the day it had been taken . 
 there was also her belt , the one i 'd found that night , slung around one of the bedposts . 
 i wanted to go over to it , to hold it in my hands . 
 instead , i walked past the bed and over to the mirror that hung on the wall . 
 it was , as usual , covered with a heavy piece of canvas . 
 when i pulled it back , torin was there , hip propped against the bed behind me . 
 he was examining his fingernails , bored , but when he realized i was there , his face brightened . 
 `` hullo , isolde . 
 pleasant day at school ? '' 
 `` not really , '' i told him . 
 `` but i needed to ask you something . '' 
 torin folded his arms . 
 `` i 'm not in much of a prophecy - spouting mood today , to be honest . '' 
 `` i do n't need to know the future . 
 i need to know ... i do n't know , the present , i guess . 
 i met this boy today , and he 's ... i do n't know , he 's something . '' 
 `` something as in he is handsome and you fancy him , or something as in he 's one of my kind ? '' 
 scowling , i replied , `` he 's prodigium . 
 i think . 
 i do n't know he felt strange when i touched him . '' 
 the second the words were out of my mouth , i regretted them . 
 torin 's sly grin only intensified that regret . 
 `` this is why i told aislinn she should have more blokes around . 
 a boy touches you , and you mistake hormones for magic . '' 
 i wanted to shake the frame , but i crossed my arms , mimicking his pose . 
 `` it was n't hormones . 
 it was magic . 
 or some kind of power . 
 but not like any power i 've felt before . 
 it 's ... i do n't know , really weak . '' 
 finally , the grin slipped and torin managed to look a little serious . 
 `` weaker than mine ? '' 
 even trapped in the mirror , torin radiated power , and i nodded . 
 `` yeah . 
 i can usually pick up on a prodigium within a few feet . 
 but this guy , i did n't get it until he shook my hand . 
 could he just be ... like , a really , really bad warlock ? '' 
 but then i shook my head . 
 `` no , wait . 
 he had asthma . 
 if he were a warlock , he would 've cured that . '' 
 one of the benefits to being a magical being was that they almost never get sick . 
 torin gave an elegant shrug . 
 `` perhaps he 's faking it . 
 and something could be diluting his power . 
 a counterspell or a binding charm . 
 did he seem odd ? '' 
 i thought back to dex , to his weird , formal way of talking , and strangely old-fashioned , if stylish , outfit . 
 `` yeah , but i 'm not sure that 's magic . '' 
 `` if you find out where he lives , i can always slip into his mirror , find out for certain , '' torin offered . 
 `` it would be , as you like to say , a gigantic pain in my backside , but i could try . '' 
 torin moved pretty easily through the mirrors in our house because his original mirror was housed here . 
 getting into mirrors in other locations was tough for him , but i 'd seen him do it before . 
 and i 'm not going to lie , the idea of sending torin to check up on dex was tempting . 
 what if dex was something dangerous ? 
 okay , so maybe an asthmatic guy rocking a cravat did n't seem all the threatening , but what did i know ? 
 and i was here to investigate supernatural shenanigans . 
 but i could n't get over the feeling that sending my pet warlock into a dude 's mirror to spy on him was ... well , icky . 
 especially when he was one of the few people at school who 'd been nice to me today . 
 so i shook my head . 
 `` no , let 's not go that far . 
 i 'll work it out on my own . '' 
 `` as you like , '' torin said , going back to studying his cuticles . 
 `` but the offer stands . '' 
 i leaned back on the bed , bracing my arms on the footboard . 
 in the mirror , it looked like we were standing practically on top of each other . 
 `` you just want me to owe you a favor . '' 
 `` there is but one favor you can do for me , isolde , and that is to release me from this prison . '' 
 the words sent a shiver through me . 
 `` that 's never going to happen . '' 
 he glanced up , raising an eyebrow . 
 `` oh , so now it 's you with the gift of prophecy , is it ? 
 i know what i 've seen . 
 you are my key and my salvation . '' 
 without answering , i got up and went to cover the mirror . 
 his voice sounded muffled behind the canvas as he called , `` remember , a favor for a favor , isolde . 
 i can be very useful . '' 
 he could be . 
 he had been . 
 but his visions never came when we most needed them , and from everything mom had told me , torin had a way of twisting words and promises so that he got more than you were willing to give , and always gave you less than you wanted . 
 in other words , it was n't worth it . 
 sighing , i opened the door and walked into the hallway . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 i jumped as mom 's voice rang out in the quiet house . 
 she was standing just inside the front door , frowning . 
 `` isolde ? '' 
 she asked , her body stiff . 
 i froze , a million lies rushing to my lips . 
 but mom always saw through those , and all lying did was piss her off . 
 `` i was talking to torin . '' 
 `` about what ? '' 
 `` just my day at school . '' 
 that was n't technically a lie , but mom still frowned . 
 `` well , why do n't you tell me about your day . '' 
 her expression hardened . 
 `` specifically the part where you hurt some boy in your p.e. class ? '' 
 ugh . 
 so that 's why she was so pissed . 
 `` it was an accident , '' i said for what felt like the millionth time that day , but mom gave a frustrated sigh as she tossed her bag onto the hall table . 
 `` damn it , izzy , i told you , keeping a low profile is an essential part of every job . '' 
 `` i was trying ! '' 
 `` and breaking someone 's arm by second period ? 
 that was your attempt at trying ? '' 
 `` it was only a dislocated shoulder , '' i muttered , sounding sullen even to my own ears . 
 `` and he was a jerk who purposely hurt this girl i think can help me with the ghost thing . '' 
 mom gave a frustrated sigh , but then what i had said dawned . 
 `` what does that mean ? '' 
 briefly , i told her about the paranormal management society and romy . 
 as soon as i said the words `` teenage ghost hunters , '' she sat down on the edge of the bed . 
 `` damn it . 
 you know if there is a legitimate haunting happening here , they 'll probably end up making things worse . 
 those types of kids always do . '' 
 `` yeah , '' i said , going to sit next to her . 
 `` but it 's some - thing . 
 if nothing else , maybe they 'll have information . 
 either about mr. snyder himself , or who could be haunting the school . 
 save me the hassle of going to the library . '' 
 mom looked up , and something very close to a smile flickered on her face . 
 `` so you 'd actually go to a library instead of plugging everything into the google ? '' 
 now i smiled . 
 `` mom , it 's just google . 
 and yeah , you always said books were the best for research . 
 even the internet ca n't know everything . '' 
 `` i know i said that ; i 'm just surprised you listened . '' 
 `` i do that sometimes , '' i told her , and she reached out and patted my knee . 
 then , clearing her throat , she rose to her feet and headed for the door . 
 `` well , it 's a start , '' she said , her voice slightly gruff . 
 `` probably wo n't lead to much , but better than nothing . 
 now , come on . 
 i do n't like you spending too much time in here . '' 
 swallowing my disappointment , i stood up , too . 
 i had always been proud of my mom . 
 so she 'd never bake cookies , or sew a halloween costume , but she could fight monsters . 
 she was tough and smart , and maybe she did n't read bedtime stories , but she had taught me to defend myself against the things that lurked under beds . 
 but in that moment , i did n't want a smart , tough mother who kicked supernatural ass . 
 i wanted to sit on the couch with her and tell her about my crappy day . 
 and maybe about dex , leaving out the possible magical powers part . 
 i wanted to tell her that i missed finley , too . 
 instead , i followed her out the door and said , `` so , i. . . 
 i guess i 'll go do homework now . '' 
 `` right , '' mom said with a brusque nod . 
 `` and i 'll go , uh , clean up the kitchen . 
 see you at six for dinner ? '' 
 `` sure , '' i said , turning to jog up the stairs . 
 when i was halfway up , mom called , `` izzy ? '' 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 `` i 'm ... you 're doing good work , '' she said haltingly . 
 `` other than the dislocated shoulder . '' 
 it was n't exactly `` oh , izzy , i am so proud of you , and i was wrong to ever give you such lame job . '' 
 but i 'd take it . 
 chapter 10 i sat up , confused . 
 i was moving , and overhead , birds were chirping , and the scent of flowers was so heavy in the air , it made me feel a little light-headed . 
 sunlight sparkled on dark green water . 
 when i threw up my hand to ward off the glare , i saw that once again , i was wearing a ton of rings that i had never owned . 
 groaning , i sank back against silken pillows . 
 `` why are we on a boat ? '' 
 at the other end of the little rowboat , torin grinned at me , his long arms pulling the oars . 
 `` thought a change of scenery might be nice . '' 
 `` you know what would be nice ? 
 not having you invade my dreams with these '' - i waved my hand - `` whatever this is . '' 
 `` it 's an outing , isolde . 
 and quite a nice one , too . '' 
 much as i hated that , i could n't argue . 
 the sun felt good on my face , and there was something undeniably pleasant about drifting down a stream flanked with flower bushes and weeping willows . 
 `` where is this ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` someplace you knew ? '' 
 torin abandoned the oars and leaned back , closing his eyes and lifting his face to the sun . 
 `` you know the answer . '' 
 `` set you free and i 'll find out , '' i muttered . 
 he nodded , replying , `` even so . '' 
 `` since that 's not going to happen , any other reason you decided we should row our boat merrily down the stream ? '' 
 `` you were grinding your teeth as you slept . 
 it was both annoying and concerning , so i thought an outing would do you some good . '' 
 `` first off , do n't watch me sleep , and secondly - '' `` oh , hush , '' torin said with no real heat . 
 `` ca n't you just lie back on your pillows and enjoy this lovely summer 's day ? '' 
 `` it 's february , and i am lying back , '' i reminded him . 
 `` in the outside world , '' torin said . 
 `` but in here , it can be whatever we want . '' 
 that was a dangerous line of thought . 
 torin was good at this kind of thing ; offering dreams and wishes and perfect days . 
 but none of it was real , and none of it was free . 
 still , it was nice to feel warm and drowsy in the sunshine , not worrying about finley or mom or ghosts or-shudder-high school . 
 leaning over the side of the boat , i let my fingers trail in the cool water . 
 it took me a second to realize i did n't have a reflection . 
 sitting up , i squinted at torin . 
 `` i get the no-mirrors thing , but even water is unreflective ? '' 
 `` my rules , '' he said easily . 
 there was a flash of movement on the far bank , and i lifted my head to see a woman moving along the shore . 
 she was wearing a heavy dress of purple brocade , the sunlight picking up hints of blue in her black hair . 
 `` who 's that ? '' 
 `` hmm ? '' 
 torin turned his head , and seeing the woman , he scowled . 
 `` what is she doing here ? '' 
 a flick of his wrist , and the woman vanished ; but torin kept scowling . 
 `` that 's odd . 
 i did n't invite rowena here . '' 
 he squinted at me . 
 `` did you ? '' 
 `` since i do n't even know who rowena is , no . '' 
 torin turned his gaze back to the spot where she 'd been . 
 `` rowena was a member - '' he broke off , brushing his hair out of his eyes . 
 `` no matter . '' 
 i sat there waiting for him to say more , but torin simply closed his eyes , tilting his face to the sun . 
 i did n't know much about the life he 'd lived pre-mirror , and sometimes i wondered if that was for the best . 
 it was too weird to think of torin as just a normal guy-a normal boy , really-wandering around in the world . 
 we were quiet for a long time , and i might have dozed off . 
 was that even possible ? 
 sleeping inside of a dream ? 
 with torin , who knew ? 
 still , i was startled when he suddenly said , `` you should just be yourself . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` you 're afraid these children wo n't like you . 
 that 's what you were grinding your teeth over in your sleep . 
 worrying how to make them like you , how to infiltrate their little group . '' 
 he lifted his head , looking at me intently . 
 `` but the person you are is delightful , and they will like you if you 'll just ... be that . '' 
 i shifted , smoothing imaginary wrinkles in my heavy skirt . 
 `` so that 's your big advice ? 
 be myself ? '' 
 torin grinned , his teeth slightly crooked , but very white . 
 `` that 's it . 
 be yourself . 
 be isolde brannick , and they will have no choice but to adore you . '' 
 he reached out and took my hand , pressing a kiss to the back of it . 
 i was too stunned to do anything but sit there , my hand limp in his . 
 when torin lifted his head , his eyes were bright green , almost the same green as the water we floated on . 
 `` now , wake up , '' he whispered . 
 i came awake almost instantly , my stomach in knots . 
 according to my clock , i had three minutes before my alarm went off , pale gray light shining around the edges of my curtains . 
 immediately , my eyes shot to the mirror , but there was no trace of torin there . 
 which , considering how weirded out i felt , was a good thing . 
 what the heck had that been ? 
 the hand-holding in the last dream had been one thing , but hand-kissing was , to quote maya , a whole ` nother ball of wax . 
 still unsettled , i threw back my covers and headed downstairs . 
 mom had already left . 
 this time , there was no huge breakfast spread . 
 just a post-it on the freezer reminding me that there were frozen waffles inside . 
 i popped a couple into the toaster , then went back upstairs and took the hottest shower i could stand . 
 as i stood under the spray of scalding water , i thought about my dream last night . 
 not the hand-kissing stuff-i definitely did n't want to think about that-but the stuff that came before . 
 be yourself , torin had said . 
 i could do that . 
 and hey , so maybe yesterday was less than ideal-ha ! 
 pun alert-but i had at least made friends with romy . 
 kind of . 
 so now all i had to do was talk to her about the ghost hunter club and see if she knew anything about the attack on that science teacher . 
 easy . 
 i felt better when i got out of the shower , but i also discovered that my little inner pep talk had taken longer than i thought . 
 my waffles were burned and i was in danger of missing the bus . 
 throwing on some clothes-jeans , another black t-shirt , and , remembering the looks i got yesterday , the one pink hoodie i owned-i ran out the door . 
 the stop was down the block , and the bus doors were starting to close as i rushed up . 
 my hair was still damp on my shoulders as i hoisted myself up the steps , giving what i hoped was an apologetic smile . 
 the driver-maggie , according to her name tag-gave a disdainful sniff . 
 `` i do n't wait , '' she snapped at me . 
 `` you lucked out this time , girlie . '' 
 `` sorry , '' i mumbled , making my way to the back . 
 i scanned the rows for an empty spot , and suddenly dex stood up , waving his arms . 
 `` isolde ! '' 
 he called . 
 `` it 's me , dex , your new best friend ! 
 i saved you a seat ! '' 
 several of the kids around him turned to glare , but dex either did n't notice or did n't care . 
 i lifted my hand , acknowledging him . 
 he sat there beaming at me , looking as threatening as a golden retriever , but i could n't forget what happened yesterday . 
 if i knew dex was prodigium , did he know what i was ? 
 is that why he was so buddy-buddy this morning ? 
 the bus lurched forward just as i got to the back , and dex reached out to steady me . 
 i think he was trying to grab my waist , but his hand landed on my hip . 
 even through my jeans i felt that low hum of magic . 
 dex jerked back , and for a second i thought maybe he 'd felt it too . 
 but then he winced and said , `` sorry . 
 we probably have n't reached the inappropriate touching stage of our friendship yet . '' 
 oh , right . 
 i 'd been so concerned with trying to figure out what dex was that it did n't even occur to me that a boy had just touched my hip , which was definitely in the `` bathing suit zone . '' 
 that was as far as mom had gotten in her facts of life talk a few years back : `` do n't let boys touch you in the bathing suit zone . '' 
 then the warlock she and finn had been chasing chose that moment to leap onto the hood of our car , and the rest of her talk had gone unfinished . 
 i think mom had been relieved . 
 blushing , i sat down next to dex , trying to keep our thighs from touching . 
 -lrb- thighs were not in the bathing suit zone , but i was pretty sure they were still kind of scandalous . -rrb- 
 as i reached behind me to start braiding my hair , dex propped his ankle on the opposite knee . 
 today he was wearing gray corduroys and a deep navy v-neck that made his eyes look even bluer . 
 the peacoat was balled up behind his head . 
 i nodded at it . 
 `` were you napping ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 bus gets to my neighborhood at six thirty , which is just inhumane , if you ask me . 
 i usually sleep the whole way , but i 'll endeavor to be an alert seatmate for you . '' 
 securing a rubber band around the end of my braid , i looked at him . 
 `` do you always talk like that ? '' 
 `` like what ? '' 
 i raised both eyebrows . '' 
 ` endeavor to be an alert seatmate ' ? 
 who says stuff like that ? '' 
 chuckling , dex elbowed me in the ribs . 
 `` civilized people . 
 people with names like dexter and isolde . '' 
 `` izzy , '' i told him . 
 `` only my mom calls me isolde , and even then , just when she 's mad at me . '' 
 i did n't mention that mom had been calling me that a lot lately . 
 `` so how did you end up in ideal , mississippi , izzy ? '' 
 dex asked , sitting up . 
 his hair was tangled in the back , and i had this completely bizarre urge to smooth it out . 
 just in case my fingers decided to do that , i clasped them together , laying my hands in my lap . 
 `` we lived in tennessee , but then my mom , um , lost her job . 
 so she thought a change of scenery would be good for us . '' 
 there it was , my first time using the cover story . 
 dex accepted it with an easy shrug . 
 `` i 'm new , too , '' he said . 
 `` well , newish . 
 i moved here back in the summer . '' 
 `` from where ? '' 
 dex linked his fingers and stretched his arms over his head . 
 `` new york . '' 
 `` did your parents want a change of scenery , too ? '' 
 `` they 're , uh ... not around anymore . '' 
 surprised , i twisted to face him . 
 `` who do you live with ? '' 
 dex widened his eyes in mock innocence . 
 `` oh , i live by myself . 
 did n't i mention ? 
 i 'm thirty-five . '' 
 when i just rolled my eyes , he relented . 
 `` i live with my nana . '' 
 he said it lightly , but mom had taught me and finn to pay attention to body language . 
 dex was twisting the strap of his bag around his fingers so tightly that his knuckles were turning white . 
 before i could ask anything else , a face suddenly popped up over the seat in front of me . 
 `` hey , '' romy said . 
 `` izzy , right ? '' 
 `` that 's me , '' i said . 
 `` have you , um , been there the whole time ? '' 
 `` romy 's like me , '' dex said , nudging the back of her seat with one pointy-toed boot . 
 `` picked up entirely too early , sleeps the whole ride . '' 
 `` tries to sleep , '' she corrected . 
 `` this idiot usually keeps me awake . '' 
 despite the insult , there was affection in her voice , and dex was grinning at her . 
 `` anyway , just wanted to say thanks for tearing ben mccrary 's arm off yesterday . '' 
 `` i dislocated his shoulder , '' i said , but dex waved me off . 
 `` i like romy 's version better . 
 and just wait , by spring break , the story will be that you tore off both his arms and shattered his spine . '' 
 romy snorted . 
 `` did you tell her about the meeting ? '' 
 she asked dex . 
 `` no , i was boring her with my life history first , '' dex replied . 
 `` why do n't you give her the hard sell ? '' 
 eyes twinkling behind her glasses , romy rested her chin on her hands . 
 `` well , since you 're such a rad chick and all , we thought you might want to join our club . '' 
 i hoped my face looked confused rather than relieved . 
 all that worrying over how i was going to get into the club , and then , bam , i 'm invited . 
 maybe today really would be better than yesterday . 
 doing my best to furrow my brow , i looked back and forth between them . 
 there was something unnerving about their identical expressions of glee . 
 `` um , is this one of those clubs where the first rule is you do n't talk about it ? '' 
 dexter threw his head back and laughed , and romy made that snorting noise again . 
 `` no , '' she said . 
 `` but if it were , i 'd definitely want you in that one , too . 
 this is actually a school-sanctioned thing , so it counts for extracurricular stuff on college applications . '' 
 oh , right . 
 college . 
 that was something i 'd have to pretend to be thinking about , too . 
 but then dex sat up and said , `` romy , i do n't think harvard is going to very impressed by your membership in something called pms . '' 
 a startled giggle burst out of me . 
 paranormal management society . 
 pms . 
 i had n't even thought of it like that . 
 romy looked a little chagrined . 
 `` i did n't come up with the name , and by the time we got it , anderson had already made the t-shirts , '' she insisted , which only made dex laugh harder . 
 `` so what is pms ? '' 
 i asked , even though i already knew . 
 `` i mean , i know the traditional definition ... '' `` paranormal management society , '' romy answered , swatting at dex . 
 `` oh , '' i said weakly . 
 `` that 's ... um ... that 's awesome . '' 
 `` okay , see , i feel like when you 're saying ` awesome , ' what you mean is ` lame ' and ` making me not want to be friends with you , ' '' dex said . 
 `` no . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` that does n't sound lame at all . 
 it 's just ... i never heard of a school-sponsored monster-hunting club . 
 what do you guys do ? '' 
 `` mostly we lurk around places at night with dorky equipment purchased off the internet , '' dex offered , making romy smack his arm again . 
 `` we research local ghost legends , and then we ... investigate them . '' 
 dex leaned over and said in a stage whisper , '' ` investigate ' is code for lurking around places at night with dorky equipment purchased off the internet . '' 
 `` we 're working on doing more , '' romy said quickly . 
 `` anderson-you 'll meet him later-is our resident ghost-lore researcher , and he 's looking into ways we can actually , like , banish ghosts and exorcise places . '' 
 she sounded so excited , and it was all i could do not to wince . 
 humans getting involved with the supernatural was bad enough , but exorcisms were way more than a bunch of teenagers could handle . 
 `` have you guys ever found anything ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` we thought we got some ghostly voices on a tape recorder once , '' romy offered . 
 `` at this creepy abandoned house in the next town over . 
 and anderson 's closet door opened on its own one time . '' 
 `` because he had his window open , '' dex muttered , and romy shot him a look . 
 `` maybe it was because of that . 
 we do n't know . 
 it could 've been ... other stuff . '' 
 `` sure , why not ? 
 i just , uh , do n't want to wear a t-shirt that says pms , okay ? '' 
 i added , and romy stuck out her hand . 
 `` deal . '' 
 chapter 11 we shook on it just as the bus pulled up to the school . 
 `` try to get kicked out of p.e. again today , '' dex told me as he gathered up his stuff . 
 `` we can hang on the football field . '' 
 `` ha-ha , '' i muttered , slinging my bag over my shoulder . 
 romy and i made our way to english while dex sauntered off to his first class . 
 we got to mrs. steele 's room before the second bell , so romy tossed her backpack onto the desk next to mine and said , `` gon na run to the bathroom . 
 watch my bag ? '' 
 `` sure , '' i replied as she dashed out the door . 
 as soon as she was gone , my eyes fell on her bag . 
 should i look through it really quickly ? 
 i was n't sure if there was anything related to pms or the case in there , but mom said to check everything . 
 if anyone asked what i was doing , i could just say i was looking for a pen . 
 my fingers were already reaching for the strap when something heavy landed on my desk . 
 startled , i looked up to see adam sitting there . 
 `` hi , '' he said , smiling . 
 i drew back my hand . 
 `` um . 
 hi . '' 
 `` so i guess you decided to be a ghost hunter after all . '' 
 he was still smiling , but there was something weird in his face . 
 he looked kind of ... bummed . 
 when i did n't say anything , he hurried on . 
 `` i mean , i just saw you talking to romy and dexter when you walked in , and you guys seemed really friendly . 
 especially you and dex . '' 
 i was so confused that all i could do was stare at him while my brain raced for something to say . 
 why did adam care who i was hanging out with ? 
 `` they 're nice , '' i finally said lamely , and adam gave a little shrug . 
 `` so , anyway , i was going to ask you this yesterday , but ... you know . '' 
 adam had gone kind of red and stammery , and i braced myself for whatever it was he wanted to ask me . 
 `` anyway , '' he said again , `` could i get your number ? '' 
 i blinked . 
 what-oh , my cell phone number . 
 which he wanted . 
 so he could call me . 
 `` sure , '' i said , hoping i sounded normal . 
 because this was normal . 
 boys asking for your phone number . 
 i scrawled it across a sheet of notebook paper and handed it to him . 
 adam grinned , looking relieved . 
 `` awesome , '' he said , nodding his head . 
 romy returned , flopping into her desk with a huge sigh . 
 when she noticed adam , she gave a little wave . 
 `` hey , lipinski . '' 
 `` romy , '' adam replied , but he did n't really look at her . 
 to me , he said , `` okay , well , i 'll , uh , see you around , izzy . '' 
 he waved the piece of paper . 
 `` and call you . '' 
 `` right , '' i said , still wondering what his deal was . 
 once he was back at his own desk , romy leaned over . 
 `` how do you have two dudes crushing on you in less than twenty-four hours at this school ? '' 
 i whirled around . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` lipinski practically left a drool marks on your desk , and dex is even goofier than normal in your presence . '' 
 the third bell rang then , saving me from answering . 
 but as i pulled out a pen and paper for mrs. steele 's vocabulary quiz , i snuck a glance at adam a few rows over . 
 he was sneaking a glance at me , so i quickly looked back to the front of the room . 
 there had been something kind of ... dreamy in his expression , but that was n't because he liked me . 
 how could he ? 
 we 'd spent all of five minutes together yesterday . 
 as for dex , well , he was prodigium . 
 and probably only interested in me because of that . 
 and adam had asked for my number because ... actually , i could n't think of any other reason besides that he wanted to call me . 
 and why do boys ever call girls if not to ask them out ? 
 scribbling out the definition of `` moratorium , '' i tried very hard to ignore the sinking sensation in my stomach . 
 all that tv i 'd watched aside , i really did n't know anything about normal teenage interaction . 
 i 'd prepared myself for ghosts and keeping my cover story consistent , but the one variable i had n't even considered was ... humans . 
 regular people . 
 with regular emotions and thoughts and wants that were n't all tied up in the supernatural . 
 i could n't get suspicious over every single person who showed the slightest bit of interest in me . 
 clearly , i was going to have to brush up on my normal people skills . 
 maybe a new season of ivy springs was already out on dvd ... by the time english ended , i 'd made myself a list of things i needed to get . 
 more dvds , obviously , but i also wanted some of those magazines i 'd seen in drugstores and gas stations . 
 the ones with glossy-haired girls on the cover and titles like american teen and sassy miss. . 
 i wanted to be both of those things . 
 okay , so maybe i could do without being `` sassy '' for now , but there had to be good info on regular teenage stuff in there . 
 those magazines always had articles about `` how to tell if a boy likes you ! '' 
 and `` could your lipstick kill you ? '' 
 i 'd also added `` makeup ? '' 
 only to cross it out . 
 maybe i should read that article about killer lipstick first . 
 making the list cleared my head a little bit , and i was actually in a good mood once we got to p.e. , despite the fact that coach lewis handed me a uniform as soon as i walked in . 
 once i was changed into the ugliest t-shirt/shorts combo on earth , i followed romy out of the locker room and into the gym . 
 ben was there , sitting on the bleachers , his arm in a sling . 
 i waited for him to shoot me the death glare , but he was too busy talking to a blond girl next to him . 
 `` who 's that ? '' 
 i asked romy , nodding toward the girl . 
 i had n't noticed her yesterday . 
 romy heaved a sigh . 
 `` beth tanner , ben 's girlfriend since , like , the womb . 
 they 've been on and off for a while . '' 
 `` right now they seem ... off , '' i said , which was kind of an understatement . 
 beth 's face was the same bright red as the free-throw line , and i thought i could see tears shimmering in her eyes . 
 ben reached out with his uninjured arm to take her hand , but she threw it off . 
 `` seriously , what is wrong with you ? '' 
 she screamed , her voice echoing in the gym . 
 now ben was raising his voice , too . 
 `` it was n't me . '' 
 he lifted his injured arm as far as it would go , thanks to the sling . 
 `` how could i have done it with this ? '' 
 as he said it , his eyes fell on me , and i swear his face paled a little . 
 `` dude , ben mccrary is so terrified of you , '' romy whispered , and i frowned . 
 beth was shaking her head , and i realized ben was n't the only one who was afraid ; beth 's red face and shrill voice were n't just from anger . 
 her movements jerky , she turned to the bleachers and picked up her bag , rifling through it . 
 `` i know you were upset , but this ? '' 
 she whipped something out of her backpack , and i felt my muscles tense up , but beth was n't brandishing anything like a weapon at ben . 
 it was a doll . 
 the barbie 's hair was the same bright gold as beth 's , and it was even wearing a little cheerleading uniform in green and white , which , from all the bunting and banners covering the gym , i knew were the school colors . 
 but even from this distance i could see that there was something wrong with the doll . 
 its plastic limbs looked twisted and mangled , and there was a bright splash of red over its stomach . 
 `` this is sick ! '' 
 beth shrieked , shaking the doll , and ben seemed to go even paler . 
 `` beth , i swear to god , i did n't hang that thing up in your locker . '' 
 once again , ben gestured to his arm . 
 `` there 's no way - '' `` liar ! '' 
 she screamed , the word bouncing around the gym . 
 that was apparently enough for coach lewis . 
 he turned around and blew his whistle . 
 `` laps , all of you ! '' 
 `` in here or out on the football field ? '' 
 a girl asked . 
 by this point , beth was crying too hard to talk , and she was turning kind of purple . 
 the coach was a similar shade , and seemed completely flustered . 
 `` i do n't care ! '' 
 he snapped at the girl . 
 `` just ... go run . '' 
 i turned to romy , only to find her staring at ben and beth with a strange expression on her face . 
 `` romy ? '' 
 i asked . 
 half the class had already starting jogging lazily around the gym , while the other half was heading for the doors . 
 grabbing my sleeve , romy tugged me toward the second group . 
 `` we need to talk to dex . '' 
 `` about ? '' 
 but she did n't answer me . 
 dex was on the bleachers again , huddled over a book . 
 when he saw us , he waved and hopped down the steps . 
 `` did everyone get kicked out today ? 
 was there a riot ? 
 did you gang up to tear ben mccrary limb from limb ? 
 izzy led the charge , did n't she ? '' 
 `` shut up , '' romy said , clearly thinking about something . 
 in deference to dex 's asthma we walked around the track instead of running , while romy filled dex in on beth 's meltdown . 
 `` ah , high school romance . 
 i never get tired of it , '' dex said when she was finished . 
 `` i think this is more than that , '' romy said , chewing on a thumbnail . 
 `` what if the doll is like the frog ? '' 
 dex stopped walking , shoving his hands into his coat pockets . 
 `` okaaaay , '' he said slowly . 
 `` that 's a. . . 
 a point . '' 
 `` what does any of that mean ? '' 
 i asked . 
 it was entirely too cold to be out there in a short-sleeve t-shirt and shorts , and i wished i 'd brought my hoodie . 
 seeing me shivering , dex whipped off his coat and placed it around my shoulders . 
 as he did , i caught a flash of silver on his wrist . 
 at first i thought it was a watch , but it was actually some kind of bracelet . 
 i was so busy trying to look for a bloodstone-i was pretty sure dex was n't a vamp , but it never hurt to check-that i nearly missed romy answering me until i heard her say , '' - like mr. snyder . '' 
 my head shot up . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` mr. snyder , '' dex repeated . 
 `` our current town scandal and pms 's ongoing case . '' 
 i took a deep breath , not sure how to proceed . 
 i had to seem interested , but not too interested . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 i asked , figuring that was a safe question . 
 `` he was nearly murdered by some sort of invisible being wielding a microscope , '' romy answered . 
 `` i 'm going to need that explained to me , '' i said , and dex mimed holding something over his head and bringing it down with force , making a sound like ka-donk . 
 i blew on my hands to warm them , smiling a little . 
 `` no , i understand how you can kill someone with lab equipment . 
 it 's the invisible part i 'm not getting . '' 
 `` mr. snyder was alone in that room , '' romy said . 
 `` it was locked from the inside , and there are n't any windows in the lab . '' 
 that all lined up with what the newspaper article had said , although it had left out the microscope part . 
 `` and what does the beth doll have to do with any of that ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` and what frog ? '' 
 `` about a week before mr. snyder nearly bit it , someone took one of the dead frogs he used in class for dissection , '' dex answered , turning so that he was walking backward . 
 `` it was stuck to his door with its wee froggy head all bashed in . '' 
 i 'd seen a lot of gross stuff in my day , but i still wrinkled my nose . 
 `` ew . '' 
 `` indeed , '' romy said with a shudder . 
 `` poor frog . '' 
 `` it was already dead , '' dex reminded her , but romy was n't looking at him . 
 `` and now the doll , '' she murmured under her breath . 
 dex looked over the top of his sunglasses at romy . 
 `` sometimes i think you forget we ca n't all see directly into your brain , romy . 
 you 're not exactly clarifying the situation for izzy here . '' 
 romy tucked her hair behind her ears . 
 `` okay , so the police think that whoever attacked mr. snyder had some kind of personal grudge against him . '' 
 `` brilliant deduction on their part , '' dex interjected , but romy ignored him . 
 `` and the frog was meant as a kind of warning , some way of freaking him out . 
 but , like we said , he was alone in the room . 
 he swore up and down that there was no one in there and the microscope seemed to attack him on its own . 
 which obviously made us think ghost . '' 
 `` it made you think ghost , rome , '' dex said , and romy pushed her glasses up her nose . 
 `` can you think of a better explanation for a man being attacked in a locked room by something he could n't see ? '' 
 when neither dex nor i answered , romy gave a brisk nod . 
 `` exactly . 
 and everyone knows that this place has a ghost : mary evans . 
 she was the daughter of ideal 's mayor way back in the early 1900s . 
 she actually went to this school . '' 
 `` was it called mary evans high then ? '' 
 dex asked . 
 `` because that is an astonishing coincidence . '' 
 romy was walking faster now , and both dex and i sped up , too , dex still walking backward . 
 `` no , back then it was named after some confederate general . 
 anyway , mary fell in love with one of her teachers . '' 
 `` gross , '' dex and i said at the same time . 
 ignoring us , romy continued . 
 `` so they had this big secret romance going on for a while , and then she got knocked up . '' 
 `` double super gross , '' dex said , turning on his heel so that he was n't facing us anymore . 
 `` so they were going to run away together , '' romy said with a shrug . 
 `` or at least that 's what the teacher promised mary . 
 he was supposed to meet her in a cave right outside of town . 
 it was where they 'd been hooking up , apparently . '' 
 `` but he lied , and then she froze to death waiting for him , and now her ghost haunts the school where she met him , '' i finished , almost without thinking . 
 it took me a second to realize that romy and dex had stopped walking . 
 i stopped and glanced over my shoulder . 
 `` how did you know that ? '' 
 romy asked . 
 `` you 've lived here , what , a week ? '' 
 it had been less than that , but that was n't how i knew this particular ghost story . 
 there were versions of it all over the place . 
 it did n't mean the story was n't necessarily true ; it was just ... kind of boring . 
 i was n't sure if i was disappointed or relieved . 
 i 'd told mom this would be an easy case , but i had n't expected it to be quite this easy . 
 this had to be the ghost we were dealing with . 
 i realized dex and romy were staring at me , waiting for an answer . 
 `` oh , right . 
 the mary evans thing . 
 it was , uh , in the brochure they gave my mom about the school . '' 
 dex frowned . 
 `` we have a brochure ? 
 and it mentions the local ghost story ? '' 
 `` do you still have it ? '' 
 romy asked . 
 `` it would be a good thing to add to my file on mary evans . '' 
 `` i think we threw it out , '' i said quickly , before trying to change the subject . 
 `` so you think that the ghost of mary evans is pissed at teachers or - '' romy chewed her lower lip . 
 `` that 's what we thought at first . 
 but if the barbie is a warning for beth like the frog was a warning for mr. snyder , what does that - '' suddenly , dex stopped , pressing a hand against his chest . 
 he made a kind of wheezing sound , and at first i thought he was joking . 
 but then romy grabbed his arm . 
 `` dex ? '' 
 he fumbled in his pocket , getting out his inhaler . 
 he took two deep pulls on it , and the wheeze slowly started to fade . 
 one more pull and his breathing sounded normal , if kind of fast . 
 `` sorry , '' he said . 
 `` was n't trying to be a drama queen . '' 
 `` you should n't have been running , '' romy chastised him , and he rolled his eyes . 
 `` i was just walking quickly . 
 and i 'm fine now . '' 
 he raised his head , and while his face was a little pale , he did n't seem to be in danger of keeling over . 
 `` anyway , why do n't you go inform anderson of this little aha moment ? 
 i think he has yearbook this period . '' 
 when romy hesitated , dex waved her on . 
 `` do n't worry . 
 if coach lewis decides to grace us with his presence , i 'll tell him you went to the ladies ' room . 
 that ought to scare him to death . '' 
 `` you 're sick , dex , '' romy told him . 
 `` which is why you like me . 
 now go . '' 
 once romy had dashed off , dex turned to me . 
 `` alone at last . 
 so how 's your second day stacking up against your first ? '' 
 `` they 've both been full of peril , but since today involved less maiming , i 'm gon na give it the edge . '' 
 dex laughed , but he still sounded out of breath . 
 `` i 'm glad you decided to join our little ghost-busting gang . '' 
 shrugging out of his jacket , i handed it back to him and tried to sound casual as i asked , `` yeah , what 's with that ? 
 you do n't strike me as the ghost-busting type . '' 
 dex gave me a little half-smile , taking his coat . 
 `` i 'm just full of mysteries , miss brannick , '' he said . 
 `` and now , if you 'll excuse me , i think i 'm going to head back to my bleachers and my book . 
 but i 'll see you on the bus . '' 
 i watched his retreating back , wondering just what dex 's mysteries might be . 
 chapter 12 i 'd hoped to get right to my first meeting of the paranormal management society , but on the way home that afternoon , romy informed me that for `` budgetary reasons , '' they could only meet every other week , which meant there would n't be another meeting until the next thursday . 
 that gave me nearly ten days to wait , which was a lot longer than i 'd wanted-the sooner i got this case over with , the better-but in the end , i was kind of grateful for the time . 
 for one thing , school was tougher than i 'd expected . 
 english was good . 
 we were reading macbeth , and while i 'd never read shakespeare before , any story that involved witches , ghosts , and a bunch of violence seemed right up my alley . 
 history was also okay , and i was holding my own in chemistry , but geometry was one of the more evil foes i 'd ever faced . 
 i had n't really thought much about balancing ghost busting with math problems , so it was nice to let the case take a backseat for a little bit . 
 in addition to giving me time to figure out homework , those ten days let me get closer to romy and dex . 
 i still had n't met the mysterious anderson . 
 he drove to school himself , and since he was a junior , we did n't have any of the same classes . 
 but i sat with romy and dex on the bus every day , and by the time the first pms meeting had rolled around , i felt like i was already one of the group . 
 i wondered if all kids made friends this quickly , or if this was just unique to dex and romy . 
 pms was holding its meeting in one of the portable classrooms behind the school , and when the last bell rang on thursday afternoon , romy and i made our way out there . 
 `` the state outlawed these like a million years ago , '' romy told me as we walked into what was basically a trailer , `` but a few schools keep them around for art classrooms or yearbook offices . '' 
 she snorted . 
 `` you know , classes that do n't really matter , according to the fine state of mississippi . '' 
 this particular trailer was n't being used this year . 
 it smelled like erasers and damp carpet , but it had a big whiteboard and a few desks that were n't covered in scratched obscenities , so it met all of romy 's requirements . 
 `` we used to meet in the lunchroom , but the janitors were always rushing us . '' 
 romy turned to the whiteboard , picked up a blue dry-erase marker , and scrawled 1st point : izzy . 
 `` so how long have you been running this thing ? '' 
 i asked her as she wrote , 2nd point : gym weirdness/beth/doll . 
 `` i tried to start a chapter back in junior high , but a couple of parents complained . 
 apparently , investigating the paranormal is the first step on the road to devil worship or something . 
 but when we got to high school i was ready . '' 
 once she 'd written 3rd point : tonight ? 
 romy turned to me with a broad smile . 
 `` i explained to mr. owens-he 's our principal-that it was n't , like , an occult thing . '' 
 she raised her thumb , ticking off . 
 `` it 's science . 
 they study parapsychology at duke , for heaven 's sake . 
 and '' - she raised her index finger - `` a few years back , mary evans high had a forensics club that studied old-timey murders . 
 that is way more twisted than ghost hunting . 
 and last but not least '' - a third finger went up - `` investigating popular ghost stories from this area increases our knowledge of local folklore and regionalism . '' 
 i sat on top of one of the desks , crossing my legs . 
 `` wow . 
 you really wanted to-i mean , to make this club . '' 
 the door banged open , and a lanky boy , even taller than dex , loped in . 
 he had blond hair that fell nearly to his shoulders , and while he had a few acne scars and was n't as handsome as dex , he was still a pretty good-looking guy . 
 then his eyes landed on romy , and his whole face seemed to light up . 
 `` hey , rome , '' he said , his voice surprisingly deep . 
 then his eyes landed on me . 
 `` oh . 
 hi . '' 
 i gave a little wave . 
 `` hi . '' 
 `` anderson , this is izzy , '' romy said , and i noticed her face was kind of glowy , too . 
 `` she 's gon na be in the club now , but we 'll go over that when everyone gets here . '' 
 `` sounds good , '' he said affably , sitting on top of the desk closest to romy . 
 `` everyone '' turned out to be dex . 
 he arrived about five minutes later , sliding into the desk next to mine . 
 `` so , izzy , '' he asked , turning those blue eyes on me , `` suitably impressed by our headquarters ? '' 
 romy tossed the dry-erase marker at him . 
 `` okay , now that we 're all here , i 'm calling this meeting of the paranormal management society to order . 
 first point '' - she gestured to the whiteboard - `` is to welcome our newest member , izzy brannick . 
 izzy has only been at mary evans for about two weeks , but has already proven herself awesome by permanently crippling ben mccrary . '' 
 `` whoa , '' anderson said , looking at me with respect even as i said , `` i just hit him with a dodgeball . '' 
 `` i 've had dreams about that , '' anderson replied . 
 `` could you describe what happened in really precise detail ? '' 
 `` later , '' romy answered for me . 
 `` we have a lot to cover today . '' 
 reaching into her backpack , she pulled out a laptop . 
 `` now , as you know , there have been several odd happenings around here lately . 
 today , izzy and i observed something especially weird . '' 
 romy perched on the desk opposite from me , balancing the computer on her crossed legs . 
 `` beth tanner found a barbie doll , dressed to look like her and seriously jacked up , hanging in her locker . '' 
 anderson leaned forward in his desk . 
 `` like mr. snyder and the frog , '' he said , eyes going wide . 
 `` possibly , '' romy said , turning her computer so that we could all see it . 
 there was a little folder on the desktop titled mary evans , and romy clicked on it . 
 `` okay , so it 's been common knowledge that mary has haunted this place ever since she died . '' 
 `` forever condemned to high school , '' dex said with a little shudder . 
 `` that would make me homicidal , too . '' 
 romy did n't lift her eyes from the screen , but she frowned . 
 `` why is she homicidal , though ? 
 i mean , over a hundred years , and up until a few months ago , the only ghostly activity was an occasional locker door opening , or things disappearing and showing up someplace weird . '' 
 clicking on an icon , romy pulled up a document with evidence typed in bold letters on the top . 
 several bullet points were listed below , including things like lockers and chalk . 
 when i asked what that meant , romy closed the document , saying , `` about ten years ago , an entire history class saw a piece of chalk float in midair for thirty seconds . 
 but that 's it . '' 
 now i frowned . 
 that did seem like quite a leap from floating chalk to dismembering frogs . 
 it was really rare for a ghost to have that kind of control over its surroundings . 
 if this was mary evans 's doing , the sooner i got rid of her , the better . 
 next to me , anderson tapped a pencil against his braces . 
 `` if mary left that doll for beth , that kind of blows our whole teacher theory out of the water . '' 
 he glanced over at me , cheeks reddening slightly . 
 `` we figured she went after mr. snyder because he was , you know , a teacher , and it was a teacher who , um ... who , like - '' sighing , dex turned in his seat and propped his feet up on the desk next to him . 
 `` got her in the family way . '' 
 as far as theories went , it was n't a bad one , and i nodded . 
 but anderson was right : why beth now ? 
 `` is there any connection between beth and mr. snyder ? '' 
 i asked , trying to look innocent . 
 `` any reason the same thing that was after him would go after her ? '' 
 romy sat on a desk , pulling her knees up and staring into space . 
 `` nothing i can think of . 
 beth did n't even have biology this semester . '' 
 silence fell over the trailer , the only sound anderson 's tapping at his teeth and the occasional car going by . 
 then dex dropped his feet to the floor and proclaimed , `` look , i 'm just going to say what everyone is thinking . 
 maybe history is repeating itself here . 
 maybe beth and mr. snyder had a thing , like mary and mr. gross teacher . '' 
 romy , anderson , and i screwed up our faces at that , but i had to admit , it was a solid idea , and it did point even more to mary evans 's being the actual culprit . 
 and all i needed to know to make this place ghost-free was the `` who . '' 
 romy had clicked on something else now , a picture . 
 it showed several people all dressed in clothes from the turn of the twentieth century . 
 they were standing on a big lawn , and a few of the boys were holding tennis rackets . 
 in the back , there was a girl with light hair and big eyes , a red circle drawn around her face . 
 `` that 's mary , '' romy said , tapping the screen . 
 dex leaned over my desk to get a better look , and i caught a whiff of some nice , woodsy scent . 
 `` she was pretty , '' he observed . 
 `` if i were her , i 'd be chilling out in heaven , hitting on hot dead guys . 
 not hanging around here accosting chemistry teachers . '' 
 `` she feels tied to this place , '' anderson said , pointing his pencil at the laptop . 
 `` until she gets some kind of justice , she 's always going to hang around here . '' 
 it was very hard to bite my tongue on that , but i managed . 
 just like the rumors surrounding vampires , there 's all kinds of wrong information about ghosts . 
 if mary evans was stuck in this place , all the justice in the world would n't make her leave . 
 she 'd keep hanging around until someone put her to rest . 
 romy shut down the computer . 
 `` so i 'm thinking seance ? '' 
 my head shot up . 
 `` wait , what ? '' 
 `` we can contact mary evans through a seance , '' anderson said . 
 he nodded to the corner of the room , where a ouija board , still in its box , sat on one of the desks . 
 `` see if we can talk to her , figure out if she 's here . 
 maybe this weekend ? '' 
 crap . 
 i did n't know who invented ouija boards , but whoever that guy was , he was a jerk . 
 this place already had one dangerous spirit floating around ; it did n't need something else called forth from a ouija board . 
 `` are you guys sure that 's the best idea ? 
 i mean , ouija boards do n't work , right ? '' 
 anderson looked like i 'd just insulted his grand-mother . 
 `` of course they work . 
 i mean , we 've never tried one before , but on tv - '' `` on tv , emp readers work , '' dex threw in . 
 `` and in reality , yours just has a lot of blinky lights . '' 
 `` i 've only had it for a few weeks , so we do n't really know what the blinky lights do yet , '' anderson replied , and dex raised his hands in surrender . 
 `` boys . '' 
 romy sighed with a weariness that told me this was n't the first time she 'd stopped their squabbling . 
 `` anderson 's emp reader is awesome and a very valuable tool for this club . 
 and so is that ouija board . 
 so . 
 as soon as i can find a free night when i do n't have to babysit my brothers , we are going to get our seance on . '' 
 dex snorted . 
 `` so will be doing the seance next summer , then ? '' 
 to me , he added , `` romy is forever babysitting her little monsters . '' 
 he said it so easily , but most prodigium i knew hate the term `` monster . '' 
 they find it offensive , and would never use it in casual conversation . 
 once again , i wondered just what the heck dex was . 
 sighing , he sat up and thumped his feet to the ground . 
 `` i for one can not wait to hear the thrilling story behind why mary evans decided to upgrade from opening locker doors to attempted murder . '' 
 romy ignored him and held up her hand for a high five . 
 `` so , izzy brannick , are you ready for your first experience with the paranormal ? '' 
 i slapped her palm , not sure whether i should laugh or cry . 
 `` as i 'll ever be . '' 
 chapter 13 `` i do n't think everton really loves her . '' 
 `` of course he does , '' i told torin around a mouthful of spaghettios . 
 `` i mean , he gave up his dream of sailing across the world so that he could take her to prom . 
 that has to mean something . '' 
 it was friday night , and torin and i were sitting in my room-well , i was . 
 he was chilling in the mirror as usual , waiting for mom to get home . 
 when i 'd come in from school , there 'd been a note saying she 'd be back later and i should fend for myself as far as dinner went . 
 hence the spaghettios . 
 `` no , i 've known rogues like this everton . 
 he merely wants leslie because he can not have her . 
 once she succumbs to his charms , he 'll tire of her . '' 
 i pointed my spoon at the screen , where everton and leslie were currently locked in a pretty passionate embrace . 
 `` think she 's already succumbed . '' 
 `` bah , '' torin said with a wave of his hand . 
 `` mark my words , he 'll discard her before this disk is completed . '' 
 i just shrugged , more interested in watching everton and leslie kiss than listening to torin . 
 i wondered if i 'd ever have the chance to kiss someone . 
 did n't seem likely with all the monster hunting and family angst , but still . 
 kissing looked ... nice . 
 `` we could try that , next time i visit your dreams , '' torin suddenly said , and my spaghettios sloshed over the side of the bowl . 
 `` what ? '' 
 torin nodded toward the television . 
 `` kissing . 
 you 've never done it , i 'm quite good at it ... seems like we should at least make an attempt . '' 
 glaring at him , i scrubbed at the spot on my t-shirt . 
 `` i do n't want to kiss you . '' 
 raising his eyebrows , torin leaned forward . 
 `` do you not ? 
 why ? '' 
 i sat my bowl on the desk , no longer interested in eating . 
 `` first of all , you 're an evil warlock trapped in a mirror , and secondly , it would be ... weird . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` not unless you wanted it to be . '' 
 i had no idea what that even meant , so i just turned back to the tv . 
 `` i 've known you my whole life , '' i told him , keeping my eyes on everton and leslie . 
 `` you basically used to babysit me when mom and finn were out on missions . 
 so kissage is out of the question . '' 
 i expected him to tease me about that , but instead he waved it away . 
 `` very well . 
 just thought i 'd offer . '' 
 `` thanks but no thanks , '' i muttered , my face flaming . 
 now everton and leslie were arguing , but i 'd missed what they were fighting about , and truth be told , i could n't pay much attention anyway . 
 i 'd meant what i 'd said about kissing torin being weird . 
 but then would n't it be weird with any boy i kissed ? 
 i snuck a look at torin out of the corner of my eye . 
 practice kissing in a dream would n't be like real kissing , after all . 
 and - no . 
 no , no , no . 
 that was a stupendously dumb idea . 
 torin was four hundred years older than me , and dangerous and trapped in a freaking mirror . 
 my life had always been odd , but i was n't about to let it get that odd . 
 i reached up and hit stop on the dvd player . 
 `` okay , that 's enough ivy springs for today . '' 
 torin made a sound of protest . 
 `` but leslie was just accusing him of fancying that other girl , lila ! 
 and i was so sure everton was moments away from throwing her over at last ! '' 
 `` we 'll watch more tomorrow , '' i promised him . 
 `` now , you - '' i was interrupted by an insistent buzzing coming from somewhere in my backpack . 
 `` what on earth is that ? '' 
 torin asked , and suddenly i remembered : my cell phone . 
 i scrambled to get it out of my bag . 
 `` mom ? '' 
 there was a pause and then , `` um , no ? 
 is this ... is this izzy ? '' 
 it was a boy . 
 what boy would be-and then i remembered my second day of school , giving adam this number . 
 `` adam ! 
 uh . 
 hi . '' 
 `` hi . '' 
 `` hi . '' 
 `` oh , this is scintillating , '' torin muttered , and i threw him a look over my shoulder . 
 `` so , '' adam said , `` i was calling because there 's a basketball game tonight , and i thought you might want to , uh , come with me . '' 
 when i did n't say anything immediately , he rushed on . 
 `` i know it 's really last minute , but it starts in like an hour , and we can just meet there if you want , or i can pick you up , or ... whatever . '' 
 i glanced down at my spaghettio-stained t-shirt , my mind racing . 
 a boy , coming to my house . 
 to pick me up and take me somewhere . 
 that was totally a date . 
 and i was n't sure i was ready for that yet . 
 `` i 'll meet you there , '' i told him . 
 hopefully mom would be home soon , and if not , well , i could walk . 
 after i changed into something not smeared with tomato sauce , obviously . 
 `` great ! '' 
 he said , a little too loud . 
 `` yeah ! '' 
 i exclaimed back , trying to match his enthusiasm . 
 in the mirror , torin did n't roll his eyes so much as his whole body . 
 `` so an hour , at the school . 
 i 'll meet you there . '' 
 `` right , '' i agreed , hoping we could be done with this soon . 
 my hands were starting to sweat . 
 how come no one on ivy springs ever had these awkward phone moments ? 
 leslie had probably never had sweaty palms in her life , not even when everton called to tell her he was breaking up with her so that she could go to art school in italy . 
 finally adam said , `` see you then , '' and i breathed a silent sigh of relief . 
 `` okay . 
 um ... bye . '' 
 `` bye . '' 
 that done , i tossed my phone on the bed and turned my attention to my closet . 
 `` whatever shall you wear ? '' 
 torin observed , propping his chin in his hand . 
 `` let 's see , there 's the black t-shirt with black jeans . 
 or perhaps , if you 're going for elegance over function , you could wear the black t-shirt with black jeans . 
 ooh ! '' 
 he sat up , widening his eyes . 
 `` do you know what would be particularly fetching ? 
 the black - '' `` t-shirt with black jeans , '' i finished for him . 
 `` hilarious . '' 
 but looking at my closet , he did have a point . 
 other than that pink hoodie , my closet was a sea of sameness . 
 a sea of black . 
 and i did n't have the faintest idea what girls wore to basketball games . 
 gripping the closet door with one hand , i leaned in and fished out a t-shirt . 
 `` you are being stupid , '' i muttered under my breath . 
 `` you have a ghost to hunt , and you are panicking over clothes . '' 
 even though i had n't been talking to torin-and he knew it-he acted as though i had been . 
 `` but these things are all related , yes ? 
 the ghost and fitting in with these pathetic children . 
 you are not fretting about clothing . 
 you 're merely trying to best maintain your cover . '' 
 torin could be hugely annoying and a major pain in the butt , but every once and a while he said things i really needed to hear . 
 so i threw him a very small smile before tossing a towel over my mirror . 
 `` you know i would n't look , '' he said . 
 `` i am quite offended right now ! '' 
 once i was in a clean shirt , i reached up to touch my hair . 
 it was still back in the tight braid i wore every day , and for a second i thought about leaving it like that . 
 but no , i needed to look a little different than i did at school , right ? 
 so i unraveled the braid , combing it out with my fingers , until my hair fell in waves around my shoulders . 
 that fixed , i grabbed a tube of lip balm out of my bag and coated my lips . 
 i did n't own any makeup , and i knew mom did n't have any either , so it was the best i could do . 
 finally , i took the towel off the mirror to look at myself . 
 torin was still there , and i scowled , trying to see around him . 
 `` lovely , isolde , '' he told me , and i had to admit , i looked ... okay , maybe i was no leslie , but my hair actually looked ... pretty all down around my face like that . 
 still , my hands itched to braid it again . 
 brannicks never wore their hair down , because it only got in the way of staking vamps or shooting shifters or taking out witches . 
 i heard the front door open . 
 `` iz ? '' 
 mom called . 
 i gave myself one last look before grabbing my jacket and heading downstairs . 
 mom 's hands were full of books , old ones that were flaking little bits of leather binding everywhere and filling the room with the smell of musty paper . 
 `` everything i could get from the university library on-oh . '' 
 she paused in the doorway . 
 `` that 's a new look . '' 
 `` there 's this boy , '' i blurted out . 
 `` adam . 
 and he , uh , asked me to go meet him at the school for a basketball game , and i was thinking you could drive me there . 
 if that 's all right . 
 it 's part of my cover . '' 
 mom blinked a couple of times before shifting her stack of books to her other hip . 
 `` like a date ? '' 
 `` like a mission , '' i corrected , and i thought the corner of her mouth tilted up a little bit . 
 `` okay , then . 
 just let me ... um , put this stuff away . '' 
 i walked over to help her , scooping up a few of the books . 
 as i followed her to the guest room , i glanced at the spines . 
 two of them appeared to be about hauntings , but one had a title so faded i could n't even read it . 
 `` what 's the deal with all the books ? '' 
 i still had no idea what mom was up to while i was busy at school all day , although she 'd mentioned driving to the university in the next town over to get some `` materials . '' 
 sighing , mom shouldered the door open . 
 `` research . '' 
 from the tone of her voice , i knew that 's all i was going to get . 
 once again , a twist of guilt and anger coiled in my stomach . 
 did the research have something to do with finn ? 
 if it did , i did n't understand why mom was being so secretive about it . 
 `` izzy ? '' 
 mom said , and i realized she 'd asked me a question . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 i laid my books down on the bed next to mom 's half of the stack . 
 `` i was just asking if you 've found out anything at school yet . '' 
 `` yeah , actually , '' i told her , tucking my hair behind my ears . 
 `` for one thing , i 'm pretty sure who the ghost is . '' 
 i filled her in on mary evans and what i 'd learned from pms . 
 when i was done , mom raised her eyebrows . 
 `` sounds pretty typical . '' 
 `` that 's what i was thinking . '' 
 i perched on the edge of the bed . 
 `` some stories become legends for a reason , i guess . '' 
 mom nodded . 
 `` and how was the ghost hunter club ? 
 the usual ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 emp detectors they ordered off of tv , files of local legends . 
 that kind of thing . 
 and they want to do a seance at some point , so i need to come up with a way of stopping that . '' 
 sighing , mom glanced down at one of her books , the one called ghosts and hauntings . 
 `` make sure you do . 
 last time i dealt with one of those civilian ghost hunter groups , they did a seance . 
 ended up opening a portal to the unseelie court instead , and brought through some seriously nasty faeries . 
 i do n't want to clean that up again . '' 
 i did n't know if she meant clean up in the `` closing the portal , banishing the faeries '' way , or if it was more a `` and then i mopped the humans ' blood off the wall '' kind of thing . 
 i decided maybe it was better just to wonder . 
 `` anyway , '' i said , fiddling with the ends of my hair , `` it seems pretty cut-and-dried . 
 the frog and barbie thing is odd , but - '' mom held up a hand . 
 `` the what ? '' 
 oh , right , i 'd forgotten to tell mom about romy 's theory that mary was somehow warning her victims . 
 as briefly as i could , i filled her in . 
 when i was done , mom was frowning . 
 `` that is odd , '' she said . 
 `` but it does n't really matter . 
 if this mary evans is the ghost you 're after , get rid of her . '' 
 `` planning on it , '' i told her . 
 `` but you have to do a banishing on the last day of the month , right ? 
 that 's still a couple of weeks away . '' 
 mom made a noncommittal sound in reply , and i thought of what torin had said . 
 was coming here really about protecting the students of mary evans high ? 
 or was it mom 's attempt at letting me have a taste of normal life ? 
 `` so this adam , '' mom said , sitting on the edge of the bed . 
 `` is this part of the job , or is it - '' `` part of the job , for sure , '' i said quickly , and for some reason , dex 's face suddenly appeared in my mind . 
 how would i feel if it were him i was meeting tonight ? 
 just the thought sent my heart racing in a way that was n't totally unpleasant . 
 mom peered at me . 
 `` you 're blushing . '' 
 i just stopped myself from covering my cheeks with my hands . 
 `` what ? 
 no , i 'm not . 
 i 'm just ... it 's kind of hot in here . '' 
 but mom was not so easily fooled . 
 `` iz , i know we have n't talked much about boys . '' 
 `` and we do n't need to , '' i hurried on . 
 `` dex is just a friend . '' 
 i did n't realize my mistake until mom frowned at me . 
 `` i thought you said his name was adam . '' 
 `` it is , '' i said , turning away and heading for the door . 
 `` dex is just this other boy . 
 he 's in that ghost hunter thing , and you had mentioned that , so it was on my mind . 
 we should go if - '' mom stood up . 
 `` two boys ? '' 
 she asked , and i was n't sure if she was horrified or impressed . 
 `` friends , '' i said again . 
 `` nothing else . 
 and did n't you say it was important to blend in ? 
 going on a. . . 
 er , going to a basketball game is totally blending in . '' 
 i could tell mom was struggling between the brannick part of her that wanted to believe i was doing all of this for the mission-which i so was-and the mom part that suddenly realized she had a teenage daughter . 
 a teenage daughter who was hanging around teenage boys . 
 she reached out , and i think she was going to lay a hand on my shoulder or something , but in the end , she just let her arm drop to her side . 
 `` izzy , i 'm glad you 're so dedicated to this , but ... you have to remember that these kids you 're spending time with are just part of a job . 
 you can enjoy spending time with them , but in the end , there is n't any room for them in your life permanently . '' 
 i should have just nodded , but instead i said , `` but you have friends . 
 or connections , or whatever . 
 people like maya . 
 like whoever found you this house . '' 
 mom frowned slightly . 
 `` those are n't my friends , izzy , and they 're not ... civilians . 
 they 're people who are already wrapped up in this life . 
 people who know about prodigium and what we do . 
 it 's different . '' 
 `` i understand that , '' i replied , but mom just ducked her head to look into my eyes . 
 `` do you ? 
 do you really ? '' 
 i thought of dex again , and the way it had been kind of ... nice sitting with romy in english class . 
 but i looked at mom and said , `` absolutely . 
 a job . 
 means to an end , all of that . 
 on it . '' 
 mom held my gaze for another beat before sighing . 
 `` okay , '' she said at last . 
 `` then let me grab my car keys and we 'll get you to this game . '' 
 chapter 14 the gym was brightly lit , and as i made my way down the hill from the parking lot , i could hear the banging of drums , the squeak of sneakers , and the occasional shout . 
 inside , it was even louder , and way more packed than i would have expected . 
 apparently sports are a really big thing around here . 
 adam was waiting just inside the door , and i was relieved to see he was wearing more or less the same thing he 'd had on at school today . 
 that was one thing i 'd gotten right at least . 
 and from the look he gave my hair , i guess that had been right , too . 
 `` you look nice , '' he told me , waving his hand in my general direction . 
 `` thanks , '' i said , forcing myself not to shove my hair behind my ears again . 
 `` you , um , too . '' 
 on everton and leslie 's first date , he 'd taken her to this fancy restaurant that had ended up burning down by the end of the episode . 
 but before that , the date had looked like fun . 
 i did n't remember them standing around awkwardly , struggling for things to say . 
 because that 's a tv show , dummy , and this is real life , i reminded myself . 
 finally , adam nodded toward the inside of the gym . 
 `` i , uh , usually play in the pep band , but i took the night off . 
 drums . '' 
 `` oh , '' i said , unsure what else to say . 
 `` drums are ... loud . '' 
 adam tilted his head to one side , like he could n't decide if i was being funny or not . 
 then he just shrugged and said , `` yeah , they are . 
 so do you like basket - ball ? '' 
 i peeked around him , watching as boys in satiny-looking outfits raced up and down the court . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i 've actually never seen a basketball game before . '' 
 adam 's eyes widened . 
 `` whoa , seriously ? '' 
 from the tone of his voice , you 'd think i 'd said i 'd never , i do n't know , been outside before . 
 breathed air . 
 `` like , you 've never been to one , or you 've never even seen one on tv ? '' 
 `` both , '' i told him . 
 `` we never had a tv before , so ... '' now adam did n't just look surprised , he looked kind of horrified . 
 maybe that 's what made me sound so defensive when i jerked my head toward the court and said , `` i 've seen stuff like this . '' 
 then i remembered that that had been a `` party '' this coven of dark witches had been throwing , and it had n't been a ball they 'd tossed between them , but a human head . 
 that little story did n't seem like one i should share with adam . 
 he shook his head . 
 `` okay . 
 well , then i 'm glad i could introduce you to your first real basketball game . 
 i mean , our team sucks , but still , right ? '' 
 he smiled at me , but it did n't reach his eyes , and i knew i was n't the only one disappointed by the way this `` date '' was going . 
 `` we should go in , '' he said , turning toward the gym . 
 i did the same , and promptly collided with a boy . 
 `` sorry ! '' 
 i said , reaching up to steady him without thinking . 
 but since it was ben mccrary , and i 'd just put my hand directly on the shoulder i 'd dislocated , he gave a hiss of pain . 
 `` sorry , sorry , sorry ! '' 
 i said again , holding my hands up . 
 ben just stared at me , pale and wide-eyed , and attempted to put as much space as possible between me and him . 
 `` just-just stay away from me , '' he sputtered before darting off . 
 adam and i watched him go . 
 `` i. . . 
 um , i kind of dislocated his shoulder in p.e. , '' i said . 
 adam was still staring after ben . 
 `` okay , '' he said slowly . 
 `` i heard that , but i thought it was just a rumor . 
 i mean , no offense , but you 're kind of tiny , and ben mccrary is ... not . '' 
 `` i throw a mean dodgeball , '' was all i could think to say . 
 turning back to me , adam blinked a few times . 
 `` so you 've never seen a basketball game , you did n't own a tv , and you can dislocate shoulders with dodgeballs ? '' 
 i did n't think any of that was meant to be a compliment , but i smiled anyway . 
 `` yup . '' 
 adam took that in . 
 `` i 'm gon na grab us some cokes , '' he finally said , nodding toward the concession booth . 
 `` if you want to go on in and grab a seat , i 'll find you when i 'm done . '' 
 `` great , '' i said , relieved for any suggestion that would put an end to us just standing there . 
 the game seemed to have just started , but the bleachers were already pretty full . 
 i spotted a few empty spaces in the middle , and was just preparing to wade through the crowd when i glanced up and saw romy , anderson , and dex sitting in the very top row . 
 they spotted me around the same time , and romy waved , gesturing for me to come join them . 
 i picked my way up to the very top of the bleachers , trying not to step on anyone 's hand . 
 once i was there , anderson scooted closer to romy , leaving a space between him and dex . 
 i squeezed into it , and if my hip bumped dex 's , so what ? 
 everybody was practically sitting in each other 's laps as it was . 
 `` look at you , '' dex enthused , leaning forward with his elbows on his knees . 
 `` embracing school spirit , supporting school athletics . '' 
 `` yeah , '' i said , `` i 'm here - '' but before i could say anything about adam , romy leaned across anderson and said , `` it 's actually awesome that you showed up . 
 this is kind of an impromptu pms meeting . '' 
 dex rolled his eyes . 
 `` by which romy means she tricked me and anderson with the promise of manly things like sports only to foist her ghost-hunting agenda on us once we got here . '' 
 `` i knew it was a pms meeting , '' anderson offered in his deep voice . 
 `` i hate sports . '' 
 dex flung his hand out toward the court . 
 `` well , i do n't . 
 i have a very vested interest in watching those dudes in blue beat the ever-loving crap out of the mary evans high hedgehogs . '' 
 `` wait , our mascot is the hedgehog ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` up until a few years ago it was a confederate soldier , '' anderson told me . 
 `` but then everyone decided that was offensive , so they 'd let the student body vote on a new one . 
 that 's how we 'd ended up with the mary evans high hedgehogs . '' 
 he nodded , and for the first time , i saw the mascot . 
 he was standing near the cheerleaders . 
 there 'd been some attempt to make him look tough . 
 the hedgehog 's quills had been tipped with silver paint to make them look sharp , and his face was twisted into a snarl . 
 but all the quills and fierce expressions could n't disguise the fact that , at the end of the day , the mascot was just a six-foot-tall hedgehog . 
 it was hard to tear my eyes away from that spectacle , but i finally turned to romy and asked , `` so what ghost business are you working on tonight ? '' 
 romy huffed out a breath , ruffling her bangs . 
 `` well , it was supposed to be the seance . 
 my mom got off early tonight , so it was the perfect chance , but when we got here , the stupid trailer was locked . '' 
 looking at me , she added , `` i tried texting you like a billion times . '' 
 i 'd left my phone at home . 
 i still was n't used to carrying it around , which i obviously needed to get better about . 
 i really did n't want these three doing a seance . 
 `` romy asked us to break a window , '' dex said , `` but i told her i was not prepared to commit a crime , even in the name of science . '' 
 `` any chance you 'll have another free night soon ? '' 
 anderson asked . 
 before romy could answer , dex said , `` why is adam lipinski coming toward us ? '' 
 `` oh ! '' 
 i had kind of forgotten about adam . 
 but there he was , making his way up the bleachers with two cups in his hands . 
 `` he 's , um ... we 're here together , '' i said , and almost as one , romy , dex , and anderson turned to look at me . 
 `` like , you 're on a date ? '' 
 romy asked , both eyebrows raised . 
 `` and you came to sit with us ? '' 
 `` he said to find seats , '' i told her , lifting one shoulder in a shrug . 
 `` he probably meant for the two of you , '' dex said , pulling his leg as far away from mine as he could . 
 `` and preferably seats that did n't have you wedged between two other guys . '' 
 romy was already at the very end of the row , and anderson was as close to her as he could get . 
 dex had a little space on his side , and he scooted away from me , giving adam just enough room to squeeze in between us . 
 he handed me my coke , the cup icy and slick in my hand . 
 `` thanks , '' i murmured , suddenly unsure and embarrassed again . 
 was i not supposed to sit with my friends ? 
 was that why adam 's shoulders were all ... weird ? 
 taking a sip of my drink , i wondered why it was there were a million books on ghosts and legends and monsters , and nothing useful like , how to go on a normal date without looking like a total spaz . 
 `` you guys talking ghost stuff ? '' 
 adam asked , and next to me , i felt anderson tense a little . 
 but romy leaned over , pleasantly surprised . 
 `` we were , actually . 
 okay , so everyone knows that this place has a ghost , and - '' `` and you guys are going to slap on your tinfoil hats and get rid of it ? '' 
 adam said it with a little smile , but it still sounded ... snide . 
 mean , even . 
 romy 's expression hardened and she turned her attention back to the court . 
 `` no , we only use our tinfoil hats when there are aliens involved . '' 
 on adam 's other side , dex sighed dramatically and leaned back against the wall , pulling his sunglasses out and slapping them on his face . 
 he then stretched out his long legs , crossing them at the ankle , and folded his hands over his stomach . 
 frowning , i leaned forward a little , trying to see past anderson . 
 `` so , since the seance did n't work out , what pms business are you dealing with tonight ? '' 
 i asked romy . 
 her eyes flicked back to adam for a second before she said , `` i just thought with the mutilated doll and everything , we might need to keep an eye on beth . '' 
 `` she 's cheering tonight , '' anderson offered , nodding down at the gym floor . 
 sure enough , there was beth standing in a line with a bunch of other girls in green and white , silver pom-poms in her hand . 
 i remembered the doll wearing a rough copy of that same outfit , all mangled and covered in fake blood . 
 then next to me , adam snorted and said , `` oh , that psycho barbie she found in her locker ? 
 please , that was totally just ben being a jerk . '' 
 `` it 's more than just that , '' romy said , but adam rattled the ice in his drink and rolled his eyes . 
 `` of course it is . 
 you know , romy , this ghost hunter thing was cute when we were all in elementary school , but now it just makes you a weirdo . 
 you get that , right ? '' 
 `` better a weirdo than a jackass , '' dex muttered . 
 `` you 're one to talk , dude , '' adam fired back , but dex gave no indication he 'd heard him . 
 `` whatever . '' 
 adam stood up and looked down at me . 
 `` i 'm out of here . 
 izzy , you coming ? '' 
 as i stared up at him , i realized something . 
 i was n't irritated that adam had interrupted romy and screwed up my chances at getting more info . 
 i was irritated because dex was right . 
 he was a jackass . 
 `` no , '' i told him , curling my hands around the bleacher . 
 `` i think i 'll stay here . '' 
 adam had n't been expecting that , i could tell . 
 for a second he looked confused and then , i thought , hurt . 
 but just as quickly , he gave me the same look he 'd given romy . 
 `` okay , fine , '' he said , walking down a row . 
 `` the girl who 's never seen tv before probably belongs with these freaks anyway . '' 
 with that , he turned and left . 
 the four of us watched him go . 
 only when he was at the very bottom did dex say , `` izzy , i do n't think your new boyfriend is very nice . '' 
 i did n't bother to correct him about adam being my `` boyfriend . '' 
 so my first date was a total bust , then . 
 but why , watching him walk away , did i feel so ... i do n't know , relieved ? 
 and then something else occurred to me . 
 `` oh , crap . 
 he was supposed to drive me home . '' 
 dex slid his sunglasses down his nose , but before he could say anything , romy leaned over . 
 `` my mom is coming to get me in like an hour . 
 we can drive you home . '' 
 `` great , '' i told her , ignoring the tiny flicker of disappointment . 
 i needed more of a chance to talk to romy anyway . 
 there was a sudden shout from the crowd as-i guess-our team scored points . 
 everyone around us shot to their feet , clapping , but the four of us stayed in our seats . 
 `` well , isolde , '' dex said over the noise , `` how does it feel to have declared for team outcast ? '' 
 i could n't help but laugh . 
 `` good , '' i told him , and i was surprised to discover i meant it . 
 chapter 15 by the time the game was nearly over , i still did n't really understand basketball , but i did learn that dex 's nana texted him about every ten minutes any time he was away from the house , that romy twisted one strand of hair around her finger every time anderson said something to her , and that anderson had , up until junior high , actually been a pretty decent basketball player himself . 
 `` busted my knee waterskiing , '' he told me , tapping the kneecap in question . 
 `` but it was all good . 
 led to me looking for other ways to spend my time , and then i found ro-uh , found the club . 
 ghost hunting seemed like a lot more fun than throwing a stupid ball into a basket , anyway . '' 
 `` anderson here is a reformed jock , '' dex said . 
 `` which he did n't bother to tell me until we 'd already been friends for a month . 
 by then it was too late to shun him , as i should have . '' 
 grinning , anderson reached over me and thwacked dex 's head , sending his sunglasses tumbling . 
 dex gave an outraged cry . 
 `` i am affronted ! 
 that 's it , friendship rescinded . '' 
 anderson just leaned back against the wall and laughed . 
 `` like you said , bro , too late . '' 
 he turned his gaze down to me . 
 `` of course , if you want to escape this madness while you still can , i would n't blame you . '' 
 `` hey ! '' 
 romy leaned over , laying a proprietary hand on my arm . 
 `` we finally have another girl in the group . 
 please do n't run her off just yet . '' 
 it was weird watching their easiness with each other , and then seeing them treat me like that , too . 
 i 'd never really missed having friends-you ca n't miss something you 've never had-but i had n't realized how , well , awesome they could be , either . 
 i stood up . 
 `` i 'm gon na run to the bathroom . 
 be right back . '' 
 romy looked like she was about to get up , too . 
 `` do you want me to come with you ? '' 
 i hesitated , one foot awkwardly lifted over the bleacher below me . 
 `` i know where it is , '' i told her , remembering that i 'd seen a girls ' room in the gym lobby . 
 but that must 've been the wrong answer , because romy seemed puzzled . 
 `` oh , okay . '' 
 i made my way back down the bleachers , and when i got to the front of the gym , i suddenly saw why romy had offered to come with me . 
 there were ... groups of girls huddled outside the bathroom , talking , laughing , some sharing lip gloss . 
 crap , was that a thing girls who were friends were supposed to do with one another ? 
 sighing , i turned to the gym doors , noticing that just up the hill there were lights on in the school . 
 there were bathrooms up there , and maybe they would n't be so crowded . 
 it had gotten colder , and i shivered a little as i jogged up toward the school . 
 luckily , the main breezeway door was unlocked , and i knew the bathroom was just inside , past the lockers . 
 flyers pinned to a bulletin board ruffled in the breeze as i yanked open the door . 
 the hall was dark , although there were two rectangles of light from the bathroom doors . 
 i was headed for them when a glow suddenly filled the hall . 
 for one second i thought someone had just flipped on another light , but no . 
 this was n't the harsh fluorescent of the hallway lighting , or the dull amber of the bathroom . 
 this was slightly bluish and very , very familiar . 
 taking a deep breath , i steeled my nerves and turned around . 
 mary evans floated in the hall just behind me , her long white dress barely brushing the ground . 
 in the picture romy had shown me , her hair had been styled into some sort of fancy updo , but now it straggled down her back . 
 she did n't speak , but her eyes roamed over me , confusion on her translucent face . 
 `` hi , mary , '' i said , my voice loud in the quiet hall . 
 okay . 
 this was good . 
 this was confirmation that the ghost stalking mary evans high was in fact mary evans . 
 but it was hard to feel glad about that when i remembered that the same ghost had nearly killed a guy . 
 `` you need to leave this place . '' 
 her head jerked up , lips curling back in a snarl , and i stepped back . 
 the cold metal of the lockers pressed against my shoulders , and i swallowed hard . 
 `` you ca n't stay - '' i started , and then there was a rush of wind as she suddenly surged forward . 
 it was like i 'd been dunked into a tub of ice water . 
 i could n't see anything but that blue light , and all around me there was this horrible sense of pressure , like hands were pushing on me as hard as they could . 
 but that was n't the worst part . 
 the worst part was her voice in my mind , shrieking so loudly i could barely make it out . 
 pay they have to pay have to pay , over and over again . 
 images played behind my eyelids . 
 i saw blood on a microscope , saw mary 's ghostly hand clutched around the base . 
 then there was a cave , and fire ? 
 something bright , something that burned . 
 and then suddenly the cold and the pressure were gone , the shrieking was silent , and mary was no longer up against me , all around me . 
 she hovered there in front of me , chest heaving in and out as though she were still breathing , and she had a frantic look in her eyes . 
 her mouth opened in a silent scream , head tilting back to cry at the ceiling . 
 and then she rose up , hovering high over my head before vanishing . 
 i stood there against the lockers , nearly panting . 
 my knees felt watery , but i made myself stay on my feet . 
 brannicks do n't slump to the floor just because a ghost gets up in their face . 
 still , as i pushed myself off the lockers and scrubbed a shaking hand over my mouth , i had to admit that that had not been your run-of-the-mill ghost . 
 i 'd seen ghosts before . 
 i 'd seen them sad and confused , maybe a little irate . 
 but i 'd never seen one as furious as mary evans , and i 'd certainly never had one try to ... god , what had she been trying to do ? 
 it had almost felt like she was trying to climb inside my skin . 
 shuddering at that thought , i pushed open the bathroom door . 
 inside , i splashed cold water on my face and tried to get my heart rate back to something resembling normal . 
 reminding myself that coming face to face with mary evans was a good thing-hey , now i knew what i was up against-i stepped back into the hallway . 
 a shadowy figure suddenly appeared in front of me , and with a choked shriek , i reached out and grabbed the front of a shirt , slamming the person against the lockers . 
 anderson blinked back at me . 
 `` oh ! '' 
 loosening my fingers , i let him go , smoothing his shirt out with the flat of my hand . 
 `` sorry , you scared me . 
 i startle kind of easily . '' 
 tucking his hair behind his ears , he nodded . 
 `` i noticed that . '' 
 i waited for him to give me the `` you violent freak '' look ben mccrary had given me , but to my surprise , anderson just smiled and said , `` i knew you dressed like a ninja , but i did n't think you actually were one . '' 
 i laughed . 
 `` i did n't hurt you , right ? '' 
 i asked , but anderson waved me off . 
 `` no harm , no foul . 
 romy was looking for you . 
 she took the gym while i headed up here . '' 
 `` where 's dex ? '' 
 i asked before i could stop myself . 
 anderson shrugged . 
 `` his nana needed him , so he went home . '' 
 he frowned , looking more closely at me . 
 `` are you sure you 're okay ? 
 you 're kind of pale . '' 
 we opened the breezeway doors , stepping back outside . 
 `` yeah , just ... '' i trailed off , and anderson nodded . 
 `` overcome with the majesty of team sports . 
 i understand . '' 
 chuckling , i shrugged . 
 `` something like that . '' 
 the air did n't feel so cold now that i 'd had a ghost trying to snuggle me , and i took a deep breath as we walked down the hill . 
 we had just gotten to the gym when anderson said , `` hey , izzy . '' 
 i turned and he stood there , hands in his pockets , shoulders hunched . 
 `` uh ... thanks for being so cool with romy . 
 i know she likes hanging out with me and dex , but with you ... with you being , like , you know , a girl and stuff - '' i stopped anderson before he could actually choke on his tongue . 
 `` it 's easy to be cool with romy . 
 she 's a cool girl . '' 
 anderson was n't as good-looking as dex , but the goofy grin that spread across his face was seriously beautiful . 
 `` she 's the coolest girl , '' he enthused , and even though i 'd just been scared half to death not ten minutes before , i discovered i was grinning , too . 
 `` who is ? '' 
 romy asked , coming up behind him . 
 anderson 's ears reddened and he kicked at a nonexistent rock . 
 `` this girl , '' he babbled . 
 `` this girl who 's cool . '' 
 romy raised her eyebrows . 
 `` huh . 
 informative , anderson . '' 
 tugging at my hand , she started pulling me toward the parking lot . 
 `` come on , iz , my mom 's here . '' 
 `` bye , anderson , '' i called , waving to him with my free hand . 
 he gave a sheepish wave back and then turned away . 
 `` so , '' romy asked as we stepped into the parking lot , `` other than getting ditched by jerk-face adam , how was your first official mary evans high event ? '' 
 i looked back at the school , and even though i could n't be certain , i thought i saw a flash of blue light . 
 `` eventful . '' 
 chapter 16 romy 's mom drove a minivan , one of those fancy ones with the doors that open on their own and tv screens in the back of every seat . 
 as we clambered into the back , i stepped on one doll , a handful of crackers , and a pile of legos . 
 `` my siblings are beasts , sorry , '' romy said , flopping into her seat . 
 `` they 're also four , '' her mom informed me , catching my eyes in the rearview mirror . 
 her hair was a few shades darker than mine and pulled up in a haphazard ponytail . 
 a large spot that looked like it might have been grape juice stained her t-shirt from the collar to the middle of her chest . 
 i noticed the booster seats and looked over at romy . 
 `` you have three siblings ? '' 
 `` triplets , '' she said with a nod . 
 `` three boys . 
 adorable and evil in equal measure . '' 
 `` romy , '' her mom admonished , and romy leaned forward , holding on to the back of the seat in front of her . 
 `` mom , i love them , you know i do . 
 but even you have to admit they are five parts cute to five parts holy terror . '' 
 i could hear her mom sigh as she glanced down at the dark purple blob on her shirt . 
 `` all right , you may not be entirely wrong . '' 
 settling back in her seat , romy fished a sippy cup lid out from behind her back and tossed it to the floor . 
 `` at least i had nine years as an only child . 
 my parents adopted me when i was two , '' she told me . 
 `` i was eleven when the triplets were born , and nothing in my life has ever been quiet again . '' 
 but even as she said it , there was a kind of softness in her smile , and it twisted something in my chest . 
 a sensation that only got worse when romy 's mom asked , `` what about you , izzy ? 
 do you have any brothers or sisters ? '' 
 `` no , '' i told her around the sudden lump in my throat . 
 `` just me and my mom . '' 
 what else could i say ? 
 `` my sister disappeared '' was too bizarre and opened the door to too many questions . 
 `` my sister died '' was n't true . 
 or at least i hoped it was n't . 
 so this was the easiest answer i could give , no matter how much it sucked to say it . 
 `` your house must be super quiet , then , '' romy said . 
 `` now i know where i 'm going the next time i need to escape . '' 
 her grin was bright . 
 `` sure , '' i said , even as i tried to imagine romy in my house . 
 i 'd never had company before . 
 would torin behave ? 
 maybe if i talked to him beforehand ... `` we may need to grab ice cream before taking izzy home , '' romy informed her mom . 
 `` she had a rough night . '' 
 i jerked my head in romy 's direction . 
 i had n't told her about seeing mary 's ghost , so what did she - `` some jerk boy stood her up . '' 
 `` i did n't get stood up , '' i said quickly , but romy waved her hand . 
 `` okay , so technically you told him to get bent , but that in no way negates the need for ice cream . '' 
 `` i think i 'm good , '' i told her , but i was smiling . 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 romy 's mom asked . 
 `` because i 've taught my daughter well . 
 when boys are jerks , only ice cream will suffice . 
 or shopping , maybe . '' 
 `` ooh ! '' 
 romy sat up in her seat . 
 `` yes , shopping . 
 that 's what izzy needs . 
 i mean , not right now , obviously , but sometime in the very near future . 
 no offense , '' she added , `` but while i appreciate this whole goth thing you have going , you could seriously use some color . '' 
 seeing as how tonight romy was wearing a sweater such a bright shade of yellow that it practically glowed in the dark , i was a little nervous about what her idea of `` color '' might mean . 
 but had n't i just been worrying that my normal brannick wardrobe was n't going to hack it at mary evans high ? 
 `` okay , '' i said slowly . 
 `` i could ... maybe get behind a shopping trip . '' 
 `` excellent ! '' 
 romy said . 
 `` next week . 
 mom , can you take us ? 
 on thursday ? '' 
 `` i can , '' her mom agreed before catching my gaze in the rearview mirror . 
 `` romy tells me you 've joined her club . 
 are you into all things supernatural , too , izzy ? '' 
 `` you could say that , '' i told her . 
 `` mostly i was just excited the school had something as cool as a paranormal management society . '' 
 `` well , i 'm glad you joined . 
 romy could use some girlfriends . 
 not that anderson and dex are n't nice boys ; it 's just that it 's so hard for romy to find girls who share her interests . '' 
 `` mom , '' romy said , embarrassed . 
 i looked over at romy , and felt guilt wash over me . 
 i liked her , i did . 
 but it was n't like i was being her friend just because she was a cool person . 
 i was ... using her . 
 what was it mom has said ? 
 remember , do n't get too close . 
 these people are a means to an end . 
 that thought was still bothering me when romy 's mom pulled up in our driveway , but i tried not to let it show . 
 instead , i put on my brightest voice , told romy i 'd see her tomorrow , thanked her mom for the ride , and went inside . 
 mom was sitting at the kitchen table when i came in , one of those ancient books in front of her . 
 she barely glanced up as i took the seat across from her . 
 `` how did it go ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` okay . 
 i saw the ghost we 're dealing with , and let me tell you , she is one seriously unhappy chick . '' 
 `` dangerous ? '' 
 mom asked , linking her fingers on top of her book . 
 `` i can handle it , '' i said automatically , even as i remembered just how full of rage mary had been . 
 i thought about asking mom if she knew much about ghosts possessing people-if that had been what the whole pushing thing had been about-but decided against it . 
 mom needed to think i could do this on my own . 
 because i could . 
 so before she could ask me anything else , i said , `` i think i cemented my friendship with the ghost hunter kids , but ... '' `` but ? '' 
 mom prompted . 
 sighing , i propped my chin in my hand . 
 `` i think i 'm really bad at dating . '' 
 mom huffed out a laugh and turned her attention back to her book . 
 `` is it awful that i 'm kind of thrilled about that ? '' 
 i wanted to ask her more about it . 
 like , had it been wrong to sit with pms ? 
 was adam being a jerk , or was that just teenage boys ? 
 i mean , sure , dex did n't seem like that , but he was n't a regular teenage boy , and ... `` did finn ever date ? 
 when you guys had those longer jobs that took a few weeks . 
 was there ever , like , a guy or anything ? '' 
 surprised , mom looked up . 
 `` i. . . 
 i honestly do n't know . 
 she never mentioned anyone . '' 
 if we found finley-when we found her-i would ask her . 
 there were a couple of pens on the table , and i picked one up , poking at mom 's book . 
 `` so this research . 
 what is it about ? '' 
 curling her fingers around the edges of the volume , mom scooted it away , just the tiniest bit . 
 `` nothing you need to worry about . 
 just something i 'm looking into for maya . '' 
 she inhaled sharply through her nose , the same way finn always did right after she told a lie . 
 my chest tightened , and i fought the urge to yank the book back , to see for myself what mom was so interested in . 
 it had to be about finley . 
 but if it was , why would n't she tell me , let me help her ? 
 because she 's afraid you 're going to screw it up , a voice hissed in my head . 
 because if you had just gone into the house with finley that night , she might still be here . 
 blinking against a sudden stinging in my eyes , i just nodded . 
 `` okay . '' 
 the silence that hung over the table was threatening to turn awkward , so i cleared my throat and said , `` you know , the only part of the mary evans things that does n't make sense to me is the frog and the barbie . '' 
 mom rested her elbows on the book in front of her . 
 `` you 're right . 
 there are plenty of stories about ghosts attacking people , but that level of physical manipulation ... it would take a lot of energy . 
 that 's not just wielding a weapon ; that 's planning . '' 
 i nodded , drumming my fingers on the table . 
 `` it seems kind of advanced for a ghost . '' 
 `` advanced , yes , but not unheard of . '' 
 mom and i both jumped as torin 's voice floated through the kitchen . 
 i glanced around , wondering where he could be , and my eyes landed on the clock above the stove . 
 it was framed in a beveled mirror , and even though all the little pieces of torin were hard to make out , i could still see him in there . 
 `` torin , you know you 're supposed to keep to your mirror , '' mom said , getting up and heading for the clock . 
 she lifted it off the wall , and torin made an aggrieved sound . 
 i stood up from the table , leaning one hand against it . 
 `` have you seen something like this before ? '' 
 mom stopped , the mirrored clock held out from her body . 
 i could n't see torin 's face , but i heard him clearly when he answered , `` only once . 
 my coven raised a particularly nasty ghost . 
 on their own , spirits are usually harmless , but if they 've been summoned forth by any type of magic , well . 
 completely different kettle of fish . '' 
 lowering the clock to the table , mom considered that . 
 `` so you think a witch or a warlock could have somehow raised this spirit ? '' 
 `` possibly . '' 
 mom had put the clock facedown , so torin 's voice came out muffled . 
 `` or , at the very least , powered it up . 
 isolde mentioned that there had been very basic haunting activity at this school for quite some time . 
 so why now ? 
 what changed in the past few months to turn an ordinary specter into something that can perform such feats as securing a dead frog to a door , or mutilating a toy ? '' 
 i chewed my lip . 
 how long had dex been in ideal ? 
 it could n't be a coincidence that just when this guy , who was clearly something , showed up , mary evans had become uber-ghost . 
 but mom just shrugged . 
 `` well , it 's not like it matters . 
 powerful or not , ghosts are easy to dispose of . 
 and we just have a few more days until the full moon . 
 izzy will get rid of it , and that will be that . '' 
 except that i was n't sure that would be that . 
 if someone was raising ghosts , what was to stop them from raising another one once mary evans was gone ? 
 for just a second , it was on the tip of my tongue to tell mom about dex . 
 but what if i did , and she decided this case was too big for me after all , and just decided to take it over herself ? 
 i glanced at the pile of books on the table-mom 's super-secret `` research '' that she still would n't tell me about . 
 if she was going to keep her secrets , i would keep mine . 
 chapter 17 `` here . '' 
 romy added a sweater to the pile in my arms . 
 `` redheads look good in green . '' 
 i cast a doubtful look at the sweater . 
 `` this ... does n't look like green . '' 
 the shade should 've been called `` radioactive '' or maybe `` noxious . '' 
 that had been one of our vocabulary words this morning . 
 frowning , romy reached into the rack and pulled out a black skirt . 
 `` here , ninja lady , '' she said , tossing it to the top of my stack . 
 `` you can wear it with black . '' 
 we 'd been shopping for over an hour , and romy had already talked me into a pink blouse , two pairs of jeans that were not black , three t-shirts in various shades of purple , and even a yellow sundress . 
 `` first day of spring , if i do n't see you rocking this , i 'm going to be very disappointed , '' romy had said when she 'd shoved it into my arms . 
 `` deal , '' i 'd replied , even as a little voice inside my head reminded me that i would n't be in ideal in the spring . 
 now i gently put back both the green sweater and the black skirt . 
 `` i think we 're set , romy . 
 my mom 's credit card can only take so much . '' 
 romy heaved a huge sigh and ran her fingers longingly over the green sweater . 
 `` what if i bought it , and then you could borrow it sometimes ? '' 
 i laughed . 
 `` clearly , you and that sweater were meant to be . '' 
 once we left the store , we still had nearly half an hour to kill before her mom was due to pick us up . 
 ideal had one mall , and while it was n't exactly upscale , there were a few nice stores , and i had to admit , the smells wafting from the food court were pretty tempting . 
 but rather than head that way , romy steered us toward a particularly sad-looking toy store . 
 `` you know , i 'm actually all stocked up on my little ponies , '' i told her as she dragged me through the entrance . 
 romy rolled her eyes . 
 `` first of all , no girl can ever have enough my little ponies . 
 that 's just science . 
 but secondly , we 're not here for those . 
 i need to get a new ouija board . 
 the one we have is all scratched up and smells like school . '' 
 oh , right . 
 the seance was coming up . 
 i 'd promised mom i 'd stop it , and what had i been doing instead ? 
 going to basketball games . 
 shopping for clothes . 
 `` are we really gon na do the seance thing ? '' 
 i asked as romy moved toward the board game section . 
 `` um , yeah . 
 whenever i get another free night , that is . '' 
 walking her fingers down stacks of boxes , she finally found the one she was looking for . 
 `` aha ! '' 
 as she pulled the ouija board from the shelf , i shifted my bags to my other arm and put a hand on the box . 
 `` look , i love a good seance , but ouija boards are so old-fashioned . 
 is n't there something more ... technical we could use ? '' 
 romy did n't take her hand away from the box , but she did frown thoughtfully . 
 `` like what ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 did n't anderson just get a new emp reader ? 
 maybe let him use that . 
 and , i mean , honestly , romy , do you trust dex with a ouija board ? '' 
 it was the right thing to say . 
 romy visibly flinched . 
 `` ugh . 
 you 're right . 
 he 'll just push it around to say inappropriate things and then swear it was mary evans , ` that saucy wench ' or something . '' 
 i could n't help but laugh . 
 `` yes . 
 yes , he will do exactly that . '' 
 the box slid back onto the shelf . 
 `` anderson has been wanting to try out his emp recorder . 
 see if we can record any ghostly energy spikes . 
 and even dex ca n't screw that up . '' 
 then she wrinkled her nose . 
 `` except he probably could . '' 
 i tried not to sigh with relief as romy turned away from the board games . 
 `` awesome , '' i said . 
 `` besides , i 've been wanting to see what kind of gear anderson has . '' 
 mostly to make sure it did n't actually work , but i did n't tell romy that . 
 we left the toy store , making our way down the mall toward the entrance . 
 some '80s soft rock ballad was playing , and a harried-looking mom walked past us , a little kid tugging on her hand . 
 a few feet away , there was a big fountain splashing turquoise-colored water , a couple of girls sitting on the edge , giggling together . 
 `` are you an alien ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 i asked , turning to romy . 
 she was smiling , but there was genuine curiosity in her dark eyes . 
 `` you 're looking around the mall like you 've never been in one before . 
 and sometimes you look around the school that way , too . '' 
 `` oh , '' i said , heat rising to my face . 
 so much for `` blending in . '' 
 `` where did you live before this ? '' 
 romy asked , maneuvering around a couple of old ladies power walking . 
 `` tennessee . '' 
 immediately , i wondered if i should add more , so i hurried on . 
 `` i went to a really small all-girls school , so , yeah , this is all a little new to me . '' 
 that apparently satisfied romy . 
 `` okay . 
 so why did your mom pull you out of that place and move you to freaking ideal , mississippi , a.k.a. . 
 the most boring town on earth ? '' 
 `` oh , i do n't know , '' i said , swinging my bag . 
 `` my last school did n't have ghosts . 
 or ghost hunters for that matter . '' 
 i thought about ivy springs , the way leslie and her identical cousin , lila , would sometimes laugh together and link arms and bump h * ps and stuff . 
 i wondered if i should attempt a hip bump now . 
 but romy was a lot taller than me , so my hip would just hit her thigh , and ... yeah , we could skip that bit . 
 suddenly her entire face brightened and she grabbed my arm . 
 `` oh ! 
 speaking of ghost hunters ... '' she reached into her purse , fishing around for something . 
 `` remember when you asked if there was some connection between beth and mr. snyder ? 
 you know , something that was n't gross and illegal ? '' 
 `` right , '' i said as i dodged a couple of kids with balloons tied around their wrists . 
 `` well , i did a little internet sleuthing and found this . '' 
 she pulled a folded-up piece of paper out and handed it to me . 
 it was a mention on the mary evans high web site . 
 the title read , mehs celebrates an ` ideal ' history . 
 `` so last year , the school did this big thing about the history of the town and how many students and faculty had had family here when ideal was founded . 
 and check it . '' 
 she pointed at the picture . 
 `` there 's beth , there 's snyder . '' 
 i recognized beth easily enough , also noting that adam and anderson were in the picture . 
 mr. snyder , a dark-haired guy who looked to be around thirty , was the only adult . 
 `` i mean , it 's not much , but it 's something , right ? '' 
 romy was watching me with big dark eyes . 
 `` yeah , '' i agreed , studying the photo . 
 they have to pay , mary had said . 
 thought . 
 felt . 
 whatever all of that shrieking in my head had been . 
 but mary had frozen to death , according to the legend . 
 a crappy way to go , but not exactly something you could blame other people for . 
 but what if mary did hold someone responsible and was seeking revenge through that person 's descendants ? 
 stranger things had happened . 
 `` i still wonder why now , though . 
 a hundred years she 's been dead , and she just now decides to go crazy ? '' 
 i glanced over at romy . 
 she shrugged . 
 `` who knows why ghosts do things ? '' 
 then she grinned . 
 `` ooh , or maybe our town is , like , built over the underworld ! 
 and psychic evil energy is just now leaking into ideal . '' 
 she mulled that over like a little kid making a christmas list . 
 `` man , think of all the ghosts we 'd have then , '' she said wistfully , and i nearly laughed . 
 i was n't sure how anyone could be excited about their town potentially being a portal to hell , but i clapped a hand on romy 's shoulder and said , `` we can only hope . '' 
 chapter 18 a few days later , i sat at the dinner table with mom , twirling spaghetti around my fork . 
 `` so mrs. steele was telling us that macbeth was a real person who really killed a king , but that the witches and the ghosts were all made up . 
 which , i mean , obviously they were n't . '' 
 i took a bite of pasta , chewing and swallowing before saying , `` it 's lame . 
 i think everyone would be a lot more interested in the play if they knew how real it all was . 
 maybe i 'll write something about that in my essay . '' 
 mom gave me a weird look , so i quickly amended . 
 `` not that i 'd mentioned the witches and ghosts being real , but something about the way supernatural - '' `` it 's the last night of the month , izzy , '' mom said , shaking her head . 
 `` you wo n't need to write that essay . '' 
 i lowered my fork . 
 `` right . '' 
 pushing her plate away , mom rested her elbows on the table . 
 `` you had n't forgotten , had you ? '' 
 of course i had n't . 
 i just ... maybe had n't thought of leaving ideal so soon after the banishing was done . 
 which was stupid . 
 if mary 's ghost was put to bed , what reason did we have to stay ? 
 mom got up from the table , carrying her plate to the sink . 
 `` in any case , tonight 's the night . 
 i picked up a few canisters of salt at the grocery store . 
 they 're in the pantry . '' 
 dishes clattered , and mom turned on the faucet . 
 `` you did a good job , '' she said , her back to me . 
 `` you were able to figure out who the ghost was , and now you 'll banish her , and no one 's gotten hurt . 
 no one except that boy in your p.e. class , at least . 
 you want me to come with you tonight ? '' 
 `` i think i can manage pouring some salt onto some dirt , '' i said , hating how petulant i sounded . 
 mom must not have liked it either , because she sighed and turned to face me . 
 `` not every case is glamorous , isolde . 
 some of them are just ... pouring salt . 
 saying a few words . 
 moving on . '' 
 `` i guess , '' i replied . 
 in the silence that followed , i could hear the steady plink-plink of water dripping from the sink . 
 mom turned around . 
 `` have you liked school ? '' 
 surprised , i lifted my shoulders in a shrug . 
 `` kind of , '' i told her . 
 `` i mean , i 've only been there a month , and it has n't exactly been a thrill a minute . 
 are all high schools so ... dull ? '' 
 mom 's mouth quirked in what might have been a smile . 
 `` mine was . '' 
 my fork skidded across the spaghetti . 
 `` you went to high school ? 
 like , a regular one ? '' 
 as far as i knew , no brannick ever spent much time in the human world . 
 we were too busy training and fighting and saving everyone from unholy evil . 
 `` for a little while , '' mom said . 
 `` me and my sister . 
 our mom was working a job in california that ended up taking a lot of time . 
 she thought it would be a good idea for us to at least try school while we were there . '' 
 `` did you like it ? '' 
 `` that 's like asking if i liked all my teeth pulled out through my nose , '' she said , and while i wanted to laugh , that sounded so much like something finn would 've said that my chest felt tight . 
 `` so that 's a no , then , '' i finally managed to say , and mom gave a dry chuckle . 
 `` it was n't all bad . 
 i liked history , and there was something ... i do n't know , novel about it , i guess . 
 it was n't for me , but i was grateful for the experience . 
 eventually . '' 
 she hesitated again , like she could n't decide if she should say anything else . 
 then she said , `` it let me know what i did n't want . '' 
 her eyes met mine across the kitchen . 
 `` and i 'm sorry , iz . 
 for you and finn . 
 i should 've let the two of you have a choice , too . 
 before now . '' 
 `` you would let us ... choose not to be brannicks ? '' 
 i asked . 
 it seemed like the most impossible thing in the world . 
 this was who we were , what we were born to do . 
 you did n't just get to reject your entire bloodline and sacred calling . 
 but mom nodded . 
 `` if it 's what you wanted . '' 
 the words hung between us until finally mom cleared her throat . 
 `` anyway , yes , school is boring . 
 and soul sucking . 
 but everyone should go through it , even if it 's only for a little while . '' 
 `` so what now ? '' 
 i asked then , pushing my plate away . 
 `` i pour some salt and we pack up and leave ? '' 
 the idea should 've filled me with jubilation . 
 a month of regular high school was more than enough for anyone , and it would be nice to get back to our house . 
 and sure , i 'd miss romy and anderson . 
 and dex . 
 but mom was right ; we did n't have room for friends in our lives . 
 of course , there was one mystery that still needed solving . 
 one thing that might keep us in ideal a little longer . 
 `` but if someone is raising ghosts , what 's to stop him or her from just raising another one once we salt the grave ? '' 
 mom pinched the bridge of her nose between her thumb and forefinger . 
 `` good point . '' 
 i swallowed . 
 now or never . 
 `` also , um , one of the kids in pms ... er , the ghost-hunting thing . 
 he 's prodigium . '' 
 when mom 's brows shot up , i faltered a little . 
 `` or at least i think he is . '' 
 `` think ? '' 
 mom repeated . 
 `` iz , you always know when someone is prodigium . 
 you even know what type . '' 
 `` usually , yeah , '' i said , tucking my hair behind my ears . 
 `` but this guy ... i ca n't tell . 
 i did n't even know he was prodigium until he touched me . '' 
 mom 's brows went even higher , and i quickly added , `` on the hand . 
 in a handshake . 
 no bathing suit areas involved . '' 
 she studied me for a long moment before saying , `` are you sure it was magic you felt , and not ... other things ? '' 
 `` yes ! '' 
 i exclaimed , throwing up my hands . 
 `` god , why does everyone keep saying that ? '' 
 hand on one hip , mom stared me down . 
 `` who is everyone ? '' 
 i swallowed . 
 `` just ... just torin . '' 
 `` so you told torin about this boy being prodigium , but not me ? '' 
 it sounded kind of bad when she put it like that . 
 `` i just ... i was n't sure it was anything , and i did n't want to bug you while you were working . '' 
 `` isolde , i do not know how many times i have to tell you this , but torin is useless more often than not . 
 if you need advice or help with something , you come to me , and be honest and upfront . '' 
 `` like you 're being with all your ` research ' ? '' 
 as soon as the words were out of my mouth , i regretted them . 
 movements stiff , mom walked to the pantry and pulled out two canisters of salt . 
 `` this should be enough , '' she said , handing them to me . 
 `` go salt the grave , stop the haunting , and get back here . 
 then we can talk more about this prodigium boy . '' 
 `` fine , '' i said , taking the salt more roughly than i 'd intended . 
 mom did n't say anything , though , and i headed upstairs to get my backpack . 
 torin was already chilling out in my mirror when i opened the door . 
 he brightened when i came in . 
 `` oh , good , you 're here . 
 is it time to watch a new episode of ivy springs ? 
 if everton asks rebecca to the prom instead of leslie - '' `` i do n't have time tonight , '' i told him , shoving the salt into my bag . 
 if i had n't known better , i would 've sworn that torin seemed hurt . 
 `` you never have time anymore . 
 i 've barely seen you in the past few weeks , and what on earth could be more important than ivy springs ? '' 
 `` ghost busting , '' i answered . 
 `` ah , '' he said , nodding toward the backpack . 
 `` that explains it . 
 and here i thought you perhaps had a sodium problem . '' 
 i picked up one of the ponytail holders by my bed and flicked it at him . 
 it bounced harmlessly off the glass . 
 `` after you get back from destroying the ghost , then can we bemoan everton and leslie 's tragic love ? '' 
 he asked , picking at the lace on his cuffs . 
 `` sure , '' i said , but he frowned . 
 `` why do you seem so sad , isolde ? '' 
 `` i 'm not , '' i answered immediately . 
 `` i 'm just ... mom and i are having a thing right now . '' 
 torin snorted . 
 `` you and aislinn are always having ' a thing . ' 
 i think it 's more than that . '' 
 leaning forward , he squinted at me . 
 `` isolde , are you ... are you saddened to be leaving this wretched place so soon ? '' 
 `` no , '' i replied quickly . 
 too quickly . 
 torin settled back against my bed in the mirror , a smug smile on his face . 
 `` you are , '' he said . 
 `` you do n't want to leave . 
 one mere sample of the cornucopia that is a regular american high school , and you have developed a taste for it . '' 
 rolling my eyes , i shoved my arms through the sleeves of a black jacket . 
 `` you 've completely cracked . '' 
 scowling , torin folded his arms over his chest . 
 `` you know i do n't appreciate mirror jokes . '' 
 doing my best to look contrite , i picked up my backpack . 
 `` i 'm sorry , torin . 
 i 'll try to reflect on my actions . '' 
 `` all right , now you are just being mean . '' 
 he was still grumbling when i left , which should 've made me smile . 
 annoying torin was one of my favorite pastimes . 
 but it was hard to grin when his words still sat in my stomach like a rock . 
 one of the great things about the tininess of ideal was how easy it was to walk to everything . 
 the graveyard where mary evans was buried was only a few blocks from my house . 
 so even with all my deep thoughts weighing me down , i was there in no time . 
 most people think graveyards are creepy , but i 'd been in enough of them over the years that this one just felt kind of ... homey . 
 i made my way past the newer graves , into the older section of the cemetery . 
 mary evans 's grave was n't hard to find . 
 there was a huge marble statue marking her final resting place . 
 i paused , reading the inscription : mary anne evans 1890-1908 forever our angel , forever at rest . 
 `` i really hope so , '' i murmured as i pulled my backpack off my shoulders . 
 i grabbed one of the salt canisters and pried open its funnel . 
 the entire grave would have to be covered with salt in order to bring her spirit back and lock her in . 
 `` sorry to ground you like this , mary , '' i whispered . 
 i had just started pouring when a voice said , `` fancy meeting you here . '' 
 i whirled around . 
 dex . 
 chapter 19 i froze , but the salt kept pouring out of the nozzle , making a little pyramid on top of the grave . 
 for a long beat , dex just watched it trickle out . 
 once the container was empty , he looked at me . 
 `` soooo ... whatcha doin ' ? '' 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 i fired back . 
 the same night i go to banish a ghost that may have been raised by magic , dex , who may be prodigium , shows up . 
 that was a little too coincidental for me . 
 `` i followed you , '' he said , like that was every bit as normal as me and my salt . 
 `` i was on my way home from the store , and i saw you , so thought i 'd see what the illustrious isolde brannick was up to . '' 
 with as much dignity as i could muster , i spread the little pile of salt over the dirt with the tip of my shoe . 
 `` you ca n't just go around following people , '' i told dex as i tossed the empty salt carton into my backpack . 
 `` it 's creepy . 
 and inappropriate . '' 
 `` says the girl pouring salt onto graves . '' 
 i glared at him . 
 `` this is ... part of my religion . '' 
 smirking , dex put his hands in his coat pockets . 
 `` oh , so you belong to the crazy salt freak church ? '' 
 `` it 's an irish-celtic thing , '' i tried , but dex just shook his head . 
 `` i do n't know whether to be more insulted that you 're lying to me , or that you apparently think i 'm some kind of idiot . 
 also , it has n't escaped my knowledge that this '' - he nodded at the tombstone - `` is the final resting place of one mary evans . 
 the very same mary evans who anderson wants to emp , and romy wants to ouija . '' 
 my mind raced , trying to come up with some plausible explanation . 
 unfortunately , all i could think was , what would leslie do if everton caught her pouring salt on graves ? 
 since i was pretty sure the answer was cry prettily , i rejected that idea and decided to go for what mom always said : when you 're caught in a lie , stick as close to the truth as you can . 
 `` ouija boards do n't work . '' 
 dex rocked back on his heels , still grinning . 
 `` that a fact ? '' 
 `` i 'm just saying , i do n't think that anything made by milton bradley is much good for contacting the dark side , that 's all . '' 
 `` meanwhile , the morton salt girl is totally connected to the forces of evil . 
 that would explain her coat . '' 
 `` salt destroys evil spirits . 
 i. . . 
 i read it on the internet this afternoon . '' 
 nudging the salt pile with his foot , dex shrugged and said , `` okay . 
 i can buy that . 
 but then why come out here by yourself ? 
 why not meet with us and let pms get their salt warrior on ? '' 
 ugh , was he secretly a member of the fbi ? 
 i had never met anyone who asked so many questions . 
 `` i thought you guys would think it was dumb . '' 
 at that , dex threw his head back and gave a barking laugh . 
 `` for god 's sake , izzy , we call ourselves pms . 
 and trust me , your salt theory is no dumber than the time romy investigated a civil war graveyard with tinfoil on her head . '' 
 `` that ... actually happened ? '' 
 i 'd just assumed they were joking . 
 dex nodded . 
 `` or when anderson spent every penny he made mowing lawns for two summers on a special tape recorder that was supposed to capture ghostly voices . '' 
 his eyes met mine . 
 they were very blue and ... twinkly . 
 `` besides , your weirdness is why i like you so much . '' 
 i did n't know what to say to that , but luckily , he did n't seem to need a reply . 
 `` so . 
 you 've made this lovely little salt pile . 
 what can i do ? '' 
 `` you can go home , '' i told him , but he was already taking off his jacket-another peacoat , but this one was deep purple in the moonlight-and laying it gently over one of the angels ' outspread wings . 
 then he knelt down and started spreading the salt with his hands . 
 he had pretty hands , i decided . 
 thin and long-fingered and delicate . 
 like a pianist . 
 i 'd never really thought about boys ' hands before , but looking at dex 's made me feel warm and shivery all at the same time . 
 grudgingly , i knelt down next to him and pulled the other canister of salt out of my backpack . 
 `` just ... keep doing that . 
 you have to cover the entire grave with salt to confine the spirit . '' 
 dex lifted his head , and i added , `` i mean , that 's what the internet said . '' 
 satisfied , dex went back to the salt . 
 after a while , he moved to the foot of the grave , pouring it there . 
 `` this is fun , '' he said . 
 `` weird and disturbing and possibly illegal , but still fun . '' 
 `` is it okay if we do n't tell romy and anderson about this ? '' 
 he grinned at me . 
 `` absolutely . 
 now we 've formed our own splinter cell of pms . '' 
 leaning forward , he lowered his voice to a conspiratorial whisper . 
 `` we 've gone rogue . '' 
 i made a sound almost like a giggle . 
 not that i did giggle . 
 brannicks are n't gigglers . 
 dex and i spent the next few minutes pressing the salt into the grass . 
 we did n't say anything else , but there was something nice about the silence . 
 it reminded me of when finn and i used to hang out in the war room , me reading , her sharpening weapons . 
 just being with her had been ... comforting . 
 nice . 
 that 's how it felt now with dex , even doing something as bizarre as sealing a ghost in its grave . 
 then we reached for the same tiny mound of salt and our hands brushed . 
 this time , dex did n't apologize , but as soon as his skin touched mine , i felt that little hum . 
 that reminder that dex was n't a normal boy . 
 that i did n't know what he was . 
 and the more time i spent with him , the less sure i was that even he knew what he was . 
 sobered , i stood up , backing away from him a little bit . 
 `` okay , '' i said , my voice unsteady . 
 `` that 's ... that . '' 
 `` excellent . 
 so no more ghosts , no more science teachers getting brained , and lockers that open mysssteriooously , '' dex said , wiggling his fingers at me . 
 i almost made that giggle sound again , but i stopped myself . 
 confusion flashed across dex 's face , and he stuffed his hands into his pockets . 
 `` well , '' he said , but he did n't add anything else . 
 suddenly the silence between us was n't comfortable so much as awkward . 
 i dusted my hands off on the back of my pants . 
 `` i better head home . 
 mom 'll be pissed if i 'm out late . '' 
 dex twisted his wrist , glancing at his watch . 
 `` it 's not even eight . 
 are your parents amish ? '' 
 `` my mom is just ... strict . '' 
 `` so is my nana , but i get to stay out until at least nine . 
 and i do n't know about you , but all this salting the earth has me craving fries . 
 you wan na go grab something to eat ? '' 
 eating food together . 
 at night . 
 i did n't even need everton and leslie to tell me that was a date . 
 or had this been a date ? 
 we 'd laughed and had fun and touched hands . 
 that felt kind of...date-y even if it was on top of a grave . 
 but he was smiling at me again , and now that he mentioned it , i had n't eaten much dinner . 
 `` can you get me home by nine ? '' 
 his grin widened . 
 `` isolde , my friend , i can get you back by quarter 'til . '' 
 he held out his hand to help me to my feet . 
 `` shall we ? '' 
 i only hesitated for a second before taking it , and this time , when a pulse shot through me , i was n't a hundred percent sure it was only magic i was feeling . 
 chapter 20 several minutes later , dex and i were seated in a bright red vinyl booth at a place that called itself the dairee kween . 
 `` what 's with the misspelling ? '' 
 i 'd asked when we 'd pulled up . 
 `` it used to be an actual dairy queen , but the corporate office made them close it down after a major rat outbreak in the kitchen . 
 so the owners just reopened it , but changed the spelling to keep from getting sued . '' 
 `` that ... does not make me want to eat here . '' 
 dex laughed . 
 `` the rat thing was like thirty years ago , according to my nana . 
 and it 's probably just a rumor anyway . '' 
 he might have been right , but i made a note to skip the burgers . 
 besides , it 's not like i was ever going to eat here again . 
 mary evans 's ghost was put to rest , and mom and i would be moving on . 
 which was awesome and great and not at all sad-making . 
 `` this is better than our regular pms meetings , '' dex said once we had our food . 
 `` those are sadly lacking in fries , i 've found . '' 
 he reached past me for the ketchup . 
 `` and desecrating graves is a surprisingly fun bonding activity . 
 i only defile the dead with my closest friends . '' 
 `` so we 're friends , '' i said hesitantly , swirling a french fry in ketchup . 
 dex snagged a fry from my plate and popped it into his mouth . 
 `` yes , '' he said , chewing . 
 `` and now that i 've stolen food from you , it 's official . 
 you and me , friends for life . '' 
 `` good , '' i said . 
 `` i. . . 
 i like being friends with you . '' 
 `` same . '' 
 he made my favorite grin , the one that was surprisingly goofy for such a handsome guy . 
 wait a second . 
 i 'd known him for a few weeks . 
 how did i have a favorite grin of his ? 
 our eyes met and held , and it was like there was this ... pulse between us . 
 for a second i thought it was just dex 's magic or power or whatever it was that i was picking up on . 
 but it did n't feel like that . 
 it felt - dex 's phone beeped , and as he looked down at it , the moment was lost . 
 which , to be honest , was kind of a relief . 
 `` my nana , '' he sighed . 
 `` why oh why did i ever teach that woman to text ? '' 
 as his thumbs moved over the keypad , i pretended to be super-interested in my fries . 
 really , i was studying him . 
 he certainly did n't seem like a guy with anything to hide , but why had he been at mary 's grave ? 
 it could n't just be a coincidence that he 'd shown up when he did . 
 had he really followed me , or was there more to it than that ? 
 i needed to get closer to dex . 
 the thought immediately sent a flutter through me , and i dropped my eyes back to my plate . 
 not close to him like that . 
 close in the general finding out information way . 
 `` there , '' he said , sliding his phone into his bag . 
 `` apparently my curfew has been lengthened by an hour since i 'm with you . '' 
 he waggled his eyebrows . 
 `` i told her i was with a lady who is quite the good influence on me . '' 
 `` you need a good influence , '' i told him , smiling a little . 
 dex sat back in his chair , impressed . 
 `` isolde brannick . 
 are you flirting with me ? '' 
 i tossed a fry at his head . 
 it bounced off his shoulder , and he winced theatrically , pressing his hand to his clavicle . 
 `` easy , slugger ! 
 in your hands , a french fry is a deadly weapon . '' 
 `` no , i 'm only deadly with dodgeballs , '' i said , and he laughed . 
 `` flirting and joking ! 
 within a few minutes of each other ! 
 is this the side of isolde that only her friends get to see ? '' 
 he was teasing , but it gave me the opening i 'd been hoping for . 
 `` yup . 
 and speaking of ... '' i ventured . 
 `` friends ... they can ... they can tell each other stuff , right ? 
 i just mean ... if you had some kind of secret , or something you had n't ever told anyone , you could tell me . 
 no matter ... no matter what it was . '' 
 oh , smooth , izzy . 
 seriously . 
 why did n't i just grab him and yell , `` tell me what kind of magical powers you have ! '' 
 by the end of my little stuttering speech , i was blushing and dex was frowning . 
 `` a secret ? '' 
 he asked , puzzled . 
 then his face suddenly cleared , and he shook his head . 
 `` oh , right . 
 because of all the purple . '' 
 `` purple ? '' 
 `` the clothes , i mean , '' he said , gesturing to his coat . 
 `` i know that i 'm fashionable and well-groomed , and yes , i have been known to rock the occasional man-bracelet . '' 
 he lifted his wrist , jangling the bracelet i 'd noticed earlier . 
 i could see now that it was plain silver , just a series of links . 
 `` but , '' dex continued , dragging another one of my fries through ketchup , `` i also like ladies . 
 and not as shopping buddies , but in the carnal sense . '' 
 his tone was light as always , but he would n't meet my eyes . 
 not to mention , that spiel was so smooth , he had to have done it before . 
 i 'd only thought i was blushing before . 
 now my face was probably the same color as the tabletop . 
 `` dex , i was n't asking if you were ... i did n't think you ... '' `` oh . '' 
 he took a drink of his soda . 
 `` then you were just asking me to spill some ... nonspecific secret ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` forget it . '' 
 this was obviously getting us nowhere , so i decided to try a new subject . 
 `` tell me more about your nana . '' 
 dex 's face immediately brightened . 
 `` basically , she is the bestest nana in all the land . 
 bakes cookies , knits afghans , and lets me hang out past curfew with lovely ladies such as yourself . 
 you should meet her someday . 
 she 'd love you . '' 
 was meeting nana a serious thing ? 
 it kind of felt like it . 
 i really needed to get those magazines . 
 making a mental note to stop by the drugstore i 'd noticed on my way to the graveyard , i nodded . 
 `` i 'd like that . 
 and your parents , are they also the bestest ? '' 
 if dex 's face had gone all shiny at the mention of his nana , bringing up his parents had the opposite effect . 
 his shoulders slumped a little , and something flickered in his eyes . 
 `` they died when i was little . 
 just me and my nana for a while now . '' 
 he took a long sip of his coke , rattling ice in the cup . 
 i had the sense that it was less about being thirsty and more about dropping the subject . 
 `` my dad died when i was little , too , '' i heard myself say , and dex lowered his cup . 
 this was n't part of my cover ; this was the real deal , but he had shared something with me , so it felt right to return the favor . 
 `` he , uh , was a soldier . '' 
 that was literally all i knew about my dad . 
 men do n't tend to stick around in the brannick family . 
 dex nodded slowly . 
 `` sucks , does n't it ? '' 
 i had n't known my dad , so i did n't miss him the way i missed finn , but still i replied , `` it does . '' 
 a silence fell over the table , and i mentally kicked myself . 
 i was supposed to be getting information out of him , not sharing personal feelings . 
 ignoring the tiny voice that said maybe my interest in dex was less than brannick-y , i reached out and took his wrist . 
 this time i was prepared for the little buzz that went through me . 
 `` you know , i actually like this man-bracelet , '' i said , turning his wrist for a better look . 
 i hoped it came off as jokey and kind of flirty , but really i was inspecting it for ... well , anything . 
 maybe there were runes or something carved into the links . 
 preening a little , dexter leaned closer to me . 
 `` that 's because you 're a woman of taste . 
 my nana gave this to me . 
 i have very strict instructions never to take it off . '' 
 i looked up sharply at that . 
 `` seriously ? 
 never ? 
 why ? '' 
 for the first time since i 'd met him , dex seemed a little uncomfortable . 
 taking his hand back , he shrugged . 
 `` superstitious thing , i think . 
 nana , like you , has a touch of the irish in her . '' 
 he turned his wrist , the silver gleaming in the fluorescent lights . 
 `` supposed to be lucky , i guess . '' 
 and then he flashed that grin again . 
 `` and clearly it has been lucky , because i was wearing it when i met you . '' 
 he grabbed another fry from my plate . 
 `` my new best friend . '' 
 in spite of myself , i laughed . 
 `` oh , so now we 're best friends ? '' 
 he nodded very seriously . 
 `` two fries i 've stolen from you . 
 that cements it . '' 
 by the time dex drove me home , i was thinking less about his bracelet and his nana and whatever it was i felt when i touched him and more about how nice it was talking and laughing with a boy . 
 leslie and everton did n't seem to do much laughing . 
 mostly they were either crying or angsting or making overly dramatic declarations of love to one another . 
 that had seemed kind of fun on the show , but i thought maybe this was better . 
 but those kinds of thoughts were pointless and stupid -lrb- and i clearly needed to stop watching ivy springs -rrb- . 
 it 's a job , i reminded myself as dex opened the passenger door for me . 
 he is a job . 
 you do n't get to think things like how soft his hair looks . 
 or how nice his eyes are . 
 dex walked me as far as the front door , and when he stopped there , my heart pounded in my throat . 
 oh , god , this was the part where kissing happened . 
 i may never have been on a date , but i 'd watched enough tv and read enough books to know that when you eat food with a boy and then he takes you to your door , kissing will occur . 
 and i was in no way ready for that . 
 kissing was another one of those things i 'd meant to do more research on , just in case . 
 like , how did you know which way to turn your head ? 
 and what about teeth placement ? 
 what if there was a spit issue ? 
 should i have taken torin up on his offer to help me practice ? 
 trying to keep the panic off my face , i turned toward dex . 
 `` right . 
 so . 
 good night , then . '' 
 he gave a little bow . 
 `` until tomorrow , fair isolde . '' 
 and then he leaned forward . 
 my heart was in my ears , and my hands were shaking . 
 okay , i could do this . 
 it was just lips . 
 just lips pressing together , hopefully without spit . 
 and tongues ... tongues ... okay , actually , no . 
 i could not do this . 
 i was just about to pull back when dex reached out and ... ruffled my hair . 
 `` sleep tight ! '' 
 he called cheerfully as he jogged down the front steps . 
 `` um . 
 you too , '' i replied , but i was so dazed that i did n't get that out until he was already in the car , pulling away . 
 was he going to ruffle my hair all along ? 
 had i just imagined the way he 'd looked at my mouth ? 
 or had he seen the nak * d panic on my face and changed his mind ? 
 i walked into the house and turned to face the little mirror in the hallway . 
 at least that confirmed that , yup , hair and face , totally the same shade . 
 `` magazines , '' i whispered firmly at myself . 
 `` tomorrow . '' 
 torin 's face suddenly appeared , frowning . 
 `` are you talking to me ? 
 and why are you all beet colored ? '' 
 luckily , mom walked around the corner , and torin immediately vanished . 
 `` that took longer than i 'd expected , '' she said , drying her hands on a dish towel . 
 `` i ran into that kid . 
 the one i think is prodigium . 
 we , uh , grabbed some food . '' 
 `` and ? '' 
 mom asked expectantly . 
 `` and i still do n't know what he is . '' 
 taking a deep breath , i pushed my shoulders back . 
 `` so i wan na stay . 
 a little longer . 
 just until i find out . '' 
 after all , there was a chance this whole thing was n't really over , no matter all the salt thrown on mary 's grave . 
 if dex 's possible prodigium powers had had anything to do with raising her ghost , i needed to know . 
 frowning , mom tossed the towel into the kitchen . 
 `` do you think he 's anything dangerous ? '' 
 my knees felt watery and my heart was racing . 
 yeah , dex was dangerous , all right , but not in the way mom meant . 
 i gave her my best tough chick grimace . 
 `` no . 
 but if he is , i 'll take care of it . '' 
 she watched me for a long time , so long that i was afraid she was about to say no . 
 instead , she shrugged . 
 `` okay , then . 
 this one is all yours . '' 
 i told myself that the relief flooding through me had everything to do with mom 's trusting me , and nothing at all to do with getting to stay in ideal . 
 `` but you just get one more month , '' mom said . 
 `` no more . 
 anything longer than that can be dangerous for us . '' 
 `` right , '' i said , nodding . 
 mom never liked to work long jobs . 
 the way she saw it , the longer you were in a place , the more you were expected to make connections , friends even . 
 and brannicks could never afford that . 
 too many questions . 
 `` mom , '' i said , scuffing my toe against the linoleum . 
 `` about earlier - '' the light in the hallway was too dim to see clearly , but i could practically feel mom frowning . 
 `` it 's nothing . 
 just ... just , good night , mom . '' 
 the words seemed to hang there in the hallway . 
 then mom turned away . 
 `` one month , izzy , '' she called , heading into the kitchen . 
 `` and then we 're going home . '' 
 chapter 21 the next day , dex was n't on the bus , but romy and anderson were . 
 as soon as romy saw me , she grinned and waved me over . 
 `` hey , '' i said , finding my seat . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 anderson did n't usually ride our bus since he had his own car . 
 he slumped in his seat , a little sheepish . 
 `` my parents may have gotten their credit card bill this month , and they may have discovered that i used their american express to buy some stuff for pms . '' 
 `` check it , '' romy said , nudging anderson . 
 he opened his backpack , and i could make out some black plastic device that i guessed was his evp recorder . 
 `` i 'm totally going to pay them back , '' anderson said , zipping up his bag . 
 `` but it was on sale , so it made sense to go ahead and buy it , you know ? '' 
 `` absolutely , '' romy agreed . 
 `` but it sucks that they took your car away . '' 
 anderson shrugged . 
 `` just for a few weeks . 
 and hey , it means i get to hang out with you guys more . '' 
 i was apparently included in the `` you guys , '' but you would n't have known that from the way anderson 's gaze lingered on romy . 
 covering a smile , i asked , `` so where 's dex this morning ? '' 
 `` he texted me that he was running late , '' anderson offered , lifting his legs to prop his feet on my seat . 
 as he did , his leg brushed romy 's , and i saw her give a little jump . 
 she cleared her throat , twisting her ponytail around one finger . 
 `` did he say why ? '' 
 anderson rolled his eyes . 
 `` you know dex . 
 he said it was because his nana needed him to deliver a covert message to a colombian drug runner , but he 'd be in by lunch . '' 
 i snorted with laughter , but romy frowned . 
 `` i bet it was another asthma attack . 
 he 's been getting them more often lately . '' 
 `` is it bad ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` his asthma ? '' 
 romy and anderson nodded in unison . 
 `` he laughs it off , but yeah , '' anderson said . 
 `` it can be scary . '' 
 the image of dex gasping for breath suddenly flashed in my brain , and i felt my chest tighten . 
 a job , a job , a job , i repeated in my head . 
 `` he has n't lived here long , has he ? '' 
 romy shook her head . 
 `` just since august . '' 
 and then suddenly she turned to anderson and said , `` okay , you need to go away for a second . '' 
 his sneakers , which had been propped on the back of my seat , thudded to the floor . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` because izzy and i need to talk girl stuff , and you ca n't be a part of that . '' 
 i do n't know if anderson was just used to following romy 's orders , or if he was terrified we 'd start talking about tampax , but in any case , he moved pretty quickly a few rows away . 
 reaching over the seat , romy tugged my hand . 
 `` come here . '' 
 moving over to the now-vacant seat beside her , i raised my eyebrows . 
 `` what is it ? 
 something about pms ? 
 i mean , the ghost-hunting pms , not the ... regular kind . 
 unless you want to talk about that , because we can . '' 
 romy waved her hand . 
 `` no , no business and not that kind of girl stuff . 
 the more fun kind of girl stuff . '' 
 she leaned closer , her dark eyes sparkling . 
 `` do you like dex ? '' 
 she 'd whispered it , but i still looked around , hoping no one had overheard . 
 `` first off , shhhh ! 
 and ... yeah , of course i do . 
 i like all of you . '' 
 `` no , but i mean do you like him ? 
 you know , in the carnal sense . '' 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 `` you 've clearly been spending too much time with dex . '' 
 romy smiled and poked me in the middle of my chest with one lime-green fingernail . 
 `` and so have you , if what my sources at the dairee kween tell me is correct . 
 were you two on a date there last night ? '' 
 `` please , '' i hissed . 
 `` the shushing . 
 could you at least try ? 
 and no , we were n't on a date . 
 we were just ... hanging out . '' 
 `` in the sexy way . '' 
 there it was again . 
 that giggle . 
 that sound i supposedly did n't make . 
 `` no , '' i whispered , trying to look stern . 
 `` in the friendly way . '' 
 `` mmm-hmm , '' romy said , narrowing her eyes . 
 `` what about you ? '' 
 i said , ducking my head closer . 
 `` i saw you jump when anderson 's leg brushed yours . '' 
 now it was her turn to hiss , `` shhhhh ! '' 
 smiling , i leaned back in my seat . 
 `` ah , i see . 
 it 's different when the shoe is on the other foot . '' 
 `` there are no shoes on any feet , '' romy insisted , but the tips of her ears had gone pink . 
 `` anderson and i are just friends . '' 
 `` so we 're just two awesome , ghost-hunting girls with two boys who may be cute , but are most definitely nothing more than friends , '' i said , and romy grinned . 
 `` we are . 
 which is why i 'm going to share this with you , even though i was going to hog it all to myself for the ride . '' 
 with that , she reached into her backpack . 
 i do n't know what i expected her to pull out . 
 a tinfoil hat , maybe . 
 a pamphlet on twenty-first-century ghost - hunting techniques . 
 instead , she whipped out a glossy issue of rockin ' grrls ! 
 magazine , complete with articles like , `` what his dog says about his kissing style ! '' 
 and `` is it wrong to be in love with your stepbrother ? '' 
 `` perfect , '' i said . 
 romy and i spent the rest of the bus ride reading rockin ' grrls ! 
 , and then i spent the walk to class telling her all about ivy springs . 
 `` so this leslie chick works at a circus ? '' 
 romy asked as we slid into english . 
 `` not , like , all the time . 
 only since her mom married a trapeze artist . '' 
 romy stared at me . 
 `` okay , i clearly need to see this show immediately . 
 you said you own it ? '' 
 when i nodded , romy pointed at me . 
 `` then you are going to bring it to my house next week , and we 're going to watch all of it . '' 
 `` there are over sixty episodes , '' i told her , raising my voice a little to be heard over the third bell . 
 `` make it next friday , then . 
 you can spend the night , and we 'll do a whole marathon . '' 
 `` awesome , '' i said , and was surprised to find that i really meant it . 
 and not so that i could ask her more about dex , or try to find out what she knew about supernatural stuff . 
 just because hanging out with romy and watching leslie and everton fight/make out/break up/get engaged for a few days sounded like ... fun . 
 lots of it , actually . 
 mrs. steele announced that we 'd be doing group work this morning , so we all started moving our desks , forming little circles . 
 apparently we 'd been paired up based on who sat closest to us , so in addition to romy , our group included adam . 
 ugh . 
 i braced myself for the awkward , and adam more than delivered . 
 barely looking at me , he opened his binder and leaned as far away as he could . 
 another desk bumped mine , and i glanced up to see beth , ben mccrary 's girlfriend . 
 i expected her to give me the cold shoulder , what with my dislocating her boyfriend 's shoulder , but she did n't even seem to know who i was . 
 in fact , as we got to work on the assignment-answering a series of discussion questions about macbeth-beth did n't pay attention to any of us . 
 her eyes were far off , distracted , and when romy asked her to copy down question four , beth blinked at her like she was n't even speaking english . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` question four ? '' 
 romy repeated , lifting her eyebrows . '' 
 ` how does the supernatural influence macbeth 's actions ? ' '' 
 beth just shook her head . 
 `` i. . . 
 i do n't know . '' 
 she gave a little shiver and crossed her arms tightly over her chest . 
 `` and can we please skip the questions about the supernatural ? '' 
 romy glanced at me . 
 `` that 's , like , half the questions . '' 
 `` lotta ghosts in macbeth , '' i offered , tapping my pen against my paper . 
 beth looked me , huge dark circles under her eyes . 
 she blinked twice before turning back to romy . 
 `` you do that ghost-hunting club , right ? '' 
 on my other side , adam snorted but did n't say anything . 
 romy flashed him a quick glare . 
 `` yeah , '' she told beth . 
 `` why ? '' 
 beth swallowed , her throat working convulsively . 
 `` have you ever seen a ghost ? '' 
 now adam folded his arms , entire body radiating disdain , but neither romy nor i paid him any attention . 
 `` not seen , exactly , '' romy said , her eyes practically glowing as she moved closer to beth . 
 `` but sensed , sure . 
 i can show you all kind of notes on ghostly activity in - '' `` i saw a ghost in my house , '' beth blurted out . 
 then she swung her head from one side to the other , making sure no one could overhear . 
 her blond hair hung limply around her shoulders , and when she laid both hands on her desk , i saw that they were trembling . 
 `` i mean ... i think i did . 
 for the past few nights , i 've heard these weird sounds outside my room , like someone was walking down the hall . 
 but when i got up , th-there was no one . 
 and i thought i was just hearing things , but then last night - '' she broke off , chewing her lip . 
 romy had her fingers curled around the edge of her desk , and even adam seemed interested now . 
 there was no disguising the real terror in beth 's voice . 
 `` i woke up , and there was this ... this shape standing by my bed . 
 all glowing and hazy , and i tried to yell , but it was like my throat was n't working , and then it just ... it just vanished . '' 
 romy was practically vibrating with excitement , but i frowned . 
 last night ? 
 i 'd sealed mary evans in her grave last night . 
 there was no way she could be floating around beth tanner 's house . 
 beth caught my expression . 
 `` you do n't believe me , '' she said flatly . 
 `` no , '' i said , shaking my head . 
 `` it 's not that , it 's just - '' `` maybe you were dreaming , '' adam suggested , and beth 's lower lip wobbled . 
 `` i was n't ... you know what ? 
 just forget it . 
 it was stupid anyway . '' 
 with that , she slammed her notebook shut and got up , asking mrs. steele if she could go to the restroom . 
 as she left , adam folded his arms on top of his desk , leaning toward me . 
 `` do you think it 's drugs ? 
 i bet it 's drugs . 
 i took an awareness course about drugs last year . 
 at the community college . '' 
 i was still staring at the door , so it took me a moment to realize adam was looking at me . 
 `` huh ? '' 
 `` beth tanner . 
 on drugs . 
 is she ? 
 because i 'm voting yes . '' 
 `` do n't be a jerk , adam , '' romy snapped . 
 `` she was really freaked out . '' 
 twisting in her desk , romy faced me . 
 `` we should talk to her . 
 when she gets back . 
 maybe pms could go over to her house , see if we can pick up any energy readings - '' `` you have got to be kidding me , '' adam groaned , and romy turned back around . 
 `` you should take this more seriously , '' she said . 
 `` look at what happened to mr. snyder , and now beth . 
 you could be next . '' 
 i knew romy was doing that thing she did a lot-assuming everyone knew exactly what she was thinking . 
 but adam did n't know about the picture of him with beth and mr. snyder , or romy 's theory that mary was seeking revenge on the founding families of ideal , so he just stared at her , eyes wide . 
 `` um ... what the hell does that mean ? '' 
 romy 's face was bright red , but the bell rang , saving her from having to answer . 
 adam shoved his desk back and began gathering his things , muttering something about `` freaks '' under his breath . 
 as romy and i headed for the door , she turned to me . 
 `` it had to be mary that beth saw , right ? 
 which means her spirit is n't just tied to the school . '' 
 i just nodded , lost in thought . 
 it could n't be mary . 
 i knew how to deal with ghosts , and the salt thing had never failed . 
 was there another ghost prowling the halls of the school ? 
 i saw beth one more time , during p.e. , but she just sat on the bleachers , surrounded by her friends and still looking kind of gray . 
 i tried to catch her eye , hoping to talk to her a little more about what she 'd seen , but every time our eyes met , she looked away . 
 by the end of the day , i 'd nearly convinced myself that beth was wrong . 
 the doll had unsettled her , and who could blame her ? 
 a mutilated barbie that looks like you strung up in your locker ? 
 that would upset anyone . 
 still , worry slithered through me . 
 this was supposed to be a simple , easy job . 
 i could n't have screwed this up , too . 
 romy and dex were both waiting for me by my locker when the last bell rang , and if a little thrill ran through me at seeing dex standing there , seemingly okay , i tried my best to ignore it . 
 he had his shoulder against the door , leaning down to listen to romy . 
 as i got closer , i could hear her saying , `` maybe mary has some sort of grudge against those families . '' 
 `` so the ghost of mary evans is pissed off at the descendants of some people who did something . 
 for some reason , '' dex summed up . 
 when romy nodded , he bent down , taking her shoulder . 
 `` rome , can you hear yourself when you talk ? '' 
 irritated , romy rolled her shoulder , knocking dex 's hand off . 
 `` why are you even in pms if you do n't believe in this kind of stuff ? '' 
 `` because this school is so boring , i thought i might actually die , and ghost hunting seemed like a fun way to spend some time , '' he replied . 
 `` and it is fun . 
 i like creeping around abandoned buildings , and scouring cemeteries , and pouring salt on-oof ! '' 
 he grunted as my elbow slammed into his ribs . 
 looking down at me , dex made a face , but added , `` fries . 
 i like pouring salt on fries after i 've creeped around abandoned buildings and scoured cemeteries . 
 it 's just ... this seems like a stretch , romy . '' 
 romy pressed her lips together , and i was n't sure if she was hurt or angry . 
 finally , she spit out `` whatever '' and stormed away from us . 
 i stood there , torn . 
 dex and romy were both my friends , but now they were mad at each other . 
 was i breaking some kind of girl code by not walking away with romy ? 
 `` rome ! '' 
 dex called after her . 
 she did n't turn around but she did raise her hand and flip him off . 
 dex just sighed . 
 `` well , that 'll be with us for a while . 
 romy can hold a grudge like no one 's business . '' 
 `` you should n't have picked on her , '' i told him as i put my things in my backpack . 
 `` i did n't ! '' 
 he cried . 
 `` i just pointed out that her theory is insane . '' 
 `` which she saw as picking on her , '' i said once we 'd joined the flow of students heading toward the parking lot . 
 the buses lined up under an awning . 
 `` okay , so maybe i could have phrased it a little nicer , but life at mary evans high is rough enough for romy . 
 the pms thing has already made her a target . 
 if she starts spouting off about a ghost wanting to kill the homecoming queen ... '' he shook his head . 
 `` there would be no end to the crap they 'd give her . '' 
 `` so you were trying to protect her by ... being mean to her ? '' 
 by now we were outside . 
 while the other , luckier kids who had their own cars walked through the parking lot , dex and i took our places on the sidewalk . 
 romy was several feet away , very pointedly not looking at us . 
 `` i just know how tough it can be when everyone thinks you 're some kind of freak , '' dex said , his voice suddenly tight . 
 `` when i was a kid - '' he broke off , staring somewhere beyond my shoulder . 
 `` what the hell ? '' 
 i turned , catching a sudden movement out of the corner of my eye . 
 a car down at the far end of the parking lot was driving toward us . 
 and it was going ... fast . 
 way too fast considering the fact that kids were walking out to their cars . 
 one of those kids passed me , and i realized it was beth . 
 she froze , staring down the parking lot at the car . 
 `` oh my god , '' i heard her mutter . 
 and then the car was moving faster , and it seemed to dawn on me and beth at the same time that it was headed for her . 
 and that no one was behind the wheel . 
 i did n't think . 
 i launched myself toward beth , shoving someone out of my way . 
 i heard a pained cry , but by then i was already to beth . 
 the two of us went stumbling into a parked car , my elbow smacking the side-view mirror so hard i bit my lip . 
 beth crumpled to the ground between two cars as i fell nearly on top of her . 
 just behind us , i could hear the squeal of rubber , the sick crunch of metal on metal . 
 and shrieking . 
 there was a lot of shrieking . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 i asked beth , which was probably a stupid question seeing as how she was pale and sobbing . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 she kept asking . 
 `` what was that ? '' 
 it was a really good question . 
 i stood up and took in the chaos raging around me . 
 the car had plowed right into one of the parked buses . 
 luckily , no one had been on it , and all the kids waiting to board seemed to have gotten out of the way . 
 a flash of movement caught my eye , and i turned back to beth 's car . 
 there , sitting in driver 's seat , was the spirit of mary evans . 
 she was a lot fainter than she 'd been the night of the basketball game , and no one else seemed to see the ghost , but there was no doubt in my mind that 's who she was . 
 in a flash , she was gone , and i could almost convince myself that it had been a trick of the light . 
 i had laid salt all over that grave . 
 it was n't possible for her to be out and wreaking havoc . 
 unless i 'd screwed up somehow . 
 but it was spreading salt . 
 how hard was that ? 
 but dex had been there that night . 
 could he have done something that made the banishing not take ? 
 i scanned the crowd for romy and dex , finally finding them back on the sidewalk , near the school . 
 i made my way toward them , stepping over ben mccrary . 
 he was lying on the grass , clutching his shoulder . 
 apparently he was who i 'd shoved . 
 oops . 
 `` um ... sorry , '' i said , but he made a shrieky sound and scuttled farther away from me . 
 `` are you guys okay ? '' 
 i asked once i 'd reached romy and dex . 
 `` us ? '' 
 romy asked , pushing her hair out of her face . 
 `` you 're the one who just leapt on beth tanner like a ninja . '' 
 `` yeah , '' dex added . 
 `` that was ... if i say hot , does that make me a perv ? '' 
 in spite of all the adrenaline coursing through me-or maybe because of it-i started laughing . 
 and once i 'd started , dex joined in , and then romy was laughing , too . 
 the three of us stood there for a long time , cracking up while everyone around us looked horrified . 
 but when i turned back to the bus , my laughter died in my throat . 
 two teachers were helping beth up from the ground . 
 coach lewis was there , too , gesturing at the crowd . 
 `` back up , back up ! '' 
 by now , a siren was wailing in the distance , and a group was starting to form around the wrecked car . 
 `` wow , '' dex said softly , as though the seriousness of what had happened was just starting to sink in . 
 `` she really could have been hurt . '' 
 i watched him carefully . 
 none of this made sense . 
 if dex had screwed up the banishing on purpose , he was the best actor in the world . 
 he looked genuinely freaked out right now . 
 `` she could have died , '' romy said , and then she closed a hand around my wrist . 
 `` but you saved her . '' 
 i tried to smile back and not think that if i 'd done my job right , she would n't have needed saving at all . 
 chapter 22 `` i used enough salt , '' i told torin later that evening . 
 we 'd just watched three episodes of ivy springs , but i had n't concentrated on any of them . 
 i 'd been too busy going over everything that had happened that afternoon . 
 `` i know i did . 
 but it did n't lock mary in . '' 
 torin scratched his chin . 
 `` that 's exceedingly unusual . '' 
 i know mom had said to stop going to torin for advice , but , well , he was here and she was n't . 
 and this was definitely a day that required advice . 
 lots of it . 
 `` it 's more than just that ; it 's impossible , '' i replied , flipping onto my back to gaze at the ceiling . 
 whoever had lived here before us had put up a bunch of those plastic stars . 
 `` ghosts ca n't fight the salt thing . 
 it 's part of why they 're so un-fun to hunt . '' 
 torin was quiet for a moment before saying , `` you said both the teacher and the student received little ... gifts . 
 warnings of their impending fate . '' 
 `` yup . 
 a squashed frog and a jacked-up barbie . '' 
 `` that 's smart , '' torin said . 
 `` fear makes spirits stronger . 
 it 's why older hauntings are so hard to dispose of . 
 the longer a spirit can build up and live off of fear , the more powerful it is . '' 
 i turned over , facing torin . 
 `` i 've never heard that before . '' 
 torin crossed his arms , smug . 
 `` oh , how i love knowing things you do n't . 
 it 's such a satisfying feeling . '' 
 `` well , now i do know it , so thanks for that . '' 
 `` hmm , '' torin acknowledged with a nod . 
 `` that is the price for sharing my wisdom . '' 
 with a huge sigh , torin flopped down onto my bed in the mirror . 
 looking at the reflection , it was like we were lying side by side . 
 `` so the ghost is strong because of fear , '' i said , dangling my legs off the bed . 
 `` but ... ghosts are pretty much always scary . 
 why go the extra mile ? '' 
 `` there 's a difference between fear and terror , '' torin said . 
 `` terror is a much stronger emotion . 
 it feeds all sorts of negative energy . 
 appearing in her ghostly form to these people would have , to use your vernacular , freaked them out . 
 but leaving little gifts telling them how they 'd be attacked ? 
 that builds a sort of anticipatory terror . 
 like fuel for a ghost . 
 and when you have a ghost that 's already terribly strong due to being summoned by magic , well . 
 you end up with a problem like this on your hands . '' 
 i mulled that over . 
 `` but why summon a ghost ? '' 
 torin was uncharacteristically silent , and when i tilted my head to look at him , he was fiddling with his cuff . 
 `` torin ? '' 
 i prompted . 
 `` spirits are not always summoned on purpose , '' he said at last . 
 `` there are times , if one is doing a particularly advanced spell , for instance , that the magic can have ... unintended consequences . 
 if , for example , one was attempting to raise the dead - '' `` you ca n't do that . 
 it 's not possible to bring somebody back to life . '' 
 sniffing prissily , torin dropped his sleeve . 
 `` of course . 
 i 'm sure your vast amounts of knowledge amassed over the past sixteen years greatly outweigh my own centuries-long existence and personal experiences . '' 
 torin tended to get extra-flowery when his feelings were hurt , and i sat up , moving a little closer to his mirror . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i said , meaning it . 
 `` it 's just ... wait , have you raised the dead ? '' 
 `` i 'm not saying that , '' torin replied , but he did n't quite meet my eyes . 
 `` i 'm only saying that if you have a ghost who is resistant to salt , you probably have a witch as well , and one attempting seriously dark magic at that . '' 
 chewing on my lower lip , i thought about dex . 
 he 'd been there the night i 'd tried to seal mary into her grave , and it had n't worked . 
 `` you have that expression on your face that speaks of incipient moral dubiousness , '' torin observed , making me glad i 'd bought that thesaurus a few years back . 
 `` yeah , i 'm about to get super morally dubious . 
 torin . 
 remember the other day , when you asked if i wanted you to go in dex 's mirror ? '' 
 `` i do , '' he said , narrowing his eyes . 
 `` and remember how i said i did n't want you to ? '' 
 `` indeed . '' 
 `` i take it back . '' 
 it was awful , i knew that . 
 no matter what dex was , he was my friend , and using my magic mirror to spy on him was most definitely not okay . 
 but people were getting hurt , so i could n't afford to be a good person right now . 
 and somewhere deep inside , i must 've know this was going to happen . 
 otherwise , why had i studied his mailbox number when he 'd driven me past his house the other night ? 
 i gave the address to torin , telling myself that this was the only way . 
 being a brannick meant making hard choices . 
 mom had once said it meant choosing what was right over what our hearts wanted . 
 i thought she might have been talking about my dad , but i had n't had the courage to ask . 
 still , when torin gave me a flourishing salute and vanished , i had to swallow the urge to call him back , tell him to forget it . 
 but it was too late . 
 sighing , i turned to my laptop , hoping everton and leslie 's problems could distract me from my own . 
 i was only about five minutes in when there was a soft knock at my door . 
 even though i knew torin was long gone , i shot a glance at the mirror before calling , `` come in ! '' 
 mom opened the door and leaned against the jamb . 
 `` there was a car accident at your school today , '' she said without preamble . 
 `` anything to do with you ? '' 
 `` kind of ? '' 
 mom took that in . 
 `` anything i need to know about ? '' 
 i glanced at my mirror . 
 `` no , '' i said at last . 
 `` i got this . '' 
 mom took a deep breath through her nose , but in the end , she just nodded . 
 `` okay . 
 anything more on that boy ? '' 
 i tried hard to keep my eyes off the mirror this time . 
 `` he invited me to his house to meet his grandmother . 
 figured i 'd take him up on that , see if there are any clues . '' 
 `` good idea , '' mom replied with a little nod . 
 `` have you finished your homework ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 we 'd had lots of extra time to wait while they towed the car and the dented bus , and i 'd tackled the rest of my macbeth questions as well as the first few paragraphs of my essay . 
 dex and romy , thankfully , had made up . 
 when a new bus had finally arrived , they were joking and teasing each other again . 
 `` okay , '' mom said slowly . 
 when i glanced up , she was still hovering in the doorway . 
 `` i thought we might go out to dinner tonight . '' 
 `` does this town have restaurants ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i mean , other than the dairee kween ? '' 
 mom gave a snort that sounded close to laughter . 
 `` i passed that place today . 
 i do n't think i can trust anywhere that mangles the english language like that . '' 
 `` i think i saw a chinese place next to walmart . '' 
 i said . 
 `` i could go for some lo mein . '' 
 `` chinese it is , '' said mom , pushing off of the jamb . 
 `` meet me downstairs in ten . '' 
 the drive to the restaurant was quiet , but in a nice way . 
 we did n't mention the case during dinner . 
 instead we talked about school , and i told her about romy and pms and one of the articles i 'd read on the bus : `` twenty uses for your hair dryer you 've never thought of ! '' 
 mom did n't talk much , but she listened , and i decided that was good enough . 
 once we were done and mom had paid the bill , i figured we 'd head home . 
 i was kind of anxious to see if torin was back yet . 
 but instead , mom started the car and said , `` why do n't we drive around for a bit ? '' 
 `` um ... sure . '' 
 if the drive over to the restaurant had been pleasant , this one was just ... weird . 
 when i flipped on the radio , mom immediately reached out and turned it off . 
 and she kept leaning over the steering wheel and peering out into the darkness , cocking her head like she was listening for something . 
 but it was n't until she pulled in front of a house and shut off the ignition that i finally got what was going on . 
 `` a job ? '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` maybe . 
 the other day i was having breakfast at the waffle hut , and these two guys there seemed shady , so - '' i rolled my eyes . 
 `` mom , everyone at the waffle hut is shady . 
 that 's why they go to the waffle hut . 
 to ... be shady . 
 and eat waffles . 
 shadily . '' 
 mom sat back in her seat . 
 `` i just ... i needed to do something . '' 
 `` something other than your research ? '' 
 i asked , and mom 's sigh seemed to come up from the soles of her feet . 
 `` why wo n't you tell me what you 're looking into ? '' 
 i asked , and to my horror , my voice came out thin and high , like i was on the verge of tears . 
 `` if it 's about ... about finley , at least let me try to help . 
 i know i messed up that night , but i would n't - '' she turned to me , and once again i was struck by how much she looked like finn . 
 all high cheekbones and pouty lips and strong jaw . 
 `` what happened to finley was not your fault , isolde , '' she said , using that commanding tone again . 
 `` i do n't think that , and i never want you to think it , either . '' 
 i tugged at the drawstring of my hoodie . 
 `` i miss her a lot . '' 
 a car drove past us , and it must have been a trick of the light , because i could 've sworn mom 's lower lip trembled a little . 
 `` i know you do . '' 
 it was n't , `` me , too , '' but at least it was something . 
 leaning back , i thumped my head against my seat . 
 `` we 're not going to find her , are we ? '' 
 mom was quiet for so long that i wondered if she would even answer . 
 and then she said , `` i do n't know . '' 
 something about being in the dark in the car made all of it easier to say . 
 `` what are we going to do ? 
 if we do n't find her . 
 we 're the last two brannicks in the world . 
 do we just keep hunting monsters even though it 's crazy dangerous ? 
 until there are no brannicks left ? '' 
 a muscle worked in mom 's jaw , but she did n't answer . 
 for a long time , the only sound was the ticking of the cooling engine . 
 then , sounding as tired as i felt , mom said , `` i do n't know , isolde . 
 all i know to do is ... this . '' 
 she nodded toward the house , but i knew she did n't mean this specific job . 
 `` my mother died in the field . 
 so did my cousins and aunts and nearly every brannick i have ever known . 
 but i do n't know what to do with myself if i 'm not doing this . 
 and searching through ancient , useless books for some clue as to what happened to finn ... i just feel like i 'm going crazy . 
 following those guys from the waffle hut , thinking they might be prodigium , was the first time i 've felt happy in weeks . '' 
 i turned to stare at her . 
 `` mom . 
 that is ... deeply effed up . '' 
 she gave a harsh bark of laughter , but there was no humor in it . 
 `` that 's being a brannick , izzy . 
 now come on . 
 let 's get home . '' 
 we did n't say anything else the whole way home , both of us lost in our own thoughts . 
 back in my room , i searched the mirror , but torin was still gone . 
 i did n't know if that was good or bad . 
 i shucked my clothes , got my pajamas on , and spent the next few hours on my computer searching for anything to do with mary evans and ghost summoning . 
 mom was right : this is what brannicks do . 
 we hunt monsters , we save people , we keep our eyes on the ball . 
 i had let myself get too distracted with dex and romy and macbeth essays ... it was time to solve this case and get out of ideal . 
 time to let mom get back on a case , too , rather than just following some possibly creepy dudes at the waffle hut . 
 when mom knocked on my door and called , `` lights out , '' i knew what my next step would be . 
 i closed the laptop and got into bed , thinking i was too keyed up to sleep . 
 but i must have dozed off at some point , because the next think i knew , torin was there , whispering , `` isolde . '' 
 i sat up , afraid that i was in another one of my torin-created dreams . 
 but no , there he was , standing in my mirror . 
 `` torin ? '' 
 my voice was thick with sleep . 
 `` if your lad is up to mischief , he was n't indulging tonight , '' torin said , and i was shocked by the wave of relief that flooded through me . 
 `` nothing supernatural about him except just how many hours he can play video games , '' torin added , giving a massive yawn . 
 `` good , '' i told him . 
 `` and thanks . '' 
 in the glass , he seemed to be sitting in my desk chair , leaning back with his arms folded behind his head . 
 `` is that it , then ? 
 are we done ? '' 
 i rolled back over in bed , looking out my window . 
 `` no , '' i said softly . 
 `` we 're just beginning . '' 
 chapter 23 `` okay , so if everyone will just look at their handout , we can get started . '' 
 romy , dex , and anderson watched me with varying degree of `` wtf ? '' 
 stamped on their faces as i stood at the front of the portable classroom , dry-erase marker clutched in my hand . 
 i 'd called an emergency meeting of pms that morning before class , so we did n't have much time before the bell rang . 
 the sooner i got them on board with this idea , the sooner we could stop mary . 
 `` when did you have time to make handouts ? '' 
 dex finally asked . 
 `` that 's not important . 
 the important part is highlighted halfway down on page two . '' 
 there was a rustling of papers as they all flipped to that section . 
 `` this ... this says ` on witches , ghosts , and summonings . ' '' 
 anderson stared at me with wide dark eyes . 
 `` summonings ? 
 are we dealing with , like , exorcist-level stuff here ? '' 
 `` not exactly . '' 
 i turned back to the whiteboard and began writing . 
 `` okay , so mary evans 's ghost was summoned by a witch . 
 i 'm not sure why , but that does n't matter so much right now . 
 the main thing is to find out who raised her . '' 
 behind me , i heard dex say , `` um , professor brannick , i have questions . 
 and they are legion . '' 
 `` i 'll take questions at the end . '' 
 `` i was joking , '' dex murmured , but i was on a roll . 
 `` so , ghost summoning is not that hard if you know where to do it . 
 and there are two places where a witch could 've summoned mary evans . 
 one , the place where she 's buried , and two , the place where she died . '' 
 i turned to face the other members of pms . 
 `` now we know where mary is buried , and according to the legend , she died in the cave where she used to meet her teacher . 
 if you 'll flip to page three , you 'll see i 've attached a map of where i think this cave probably is . 
 tomorrow night , we 're going to split up and go to those places . 
 dex and anderson , you take the grave , me and romy will take the cave . '' 
 i paused . 
 `` hey , that rhymes . 
 anyway , once we figure out who raised mary 's ghost , we can figure out why , and we can stop it . 
 and now i 'll take questions . '' 
 three hands went up . 
 i called on dex first . 
 `` um , yes . 
 we have this friend , izzy brannick ? 
 she 's about your height , has your color hair , and she is a normal , sane-type person . 
 and you , crazy lady , seem to have replaced her . 
 can we have izzy back now please ? '' 
 rolling my eyes , i pointed at romy . 
 `` next . '' 
 `` actually , i kind of want you to answer dex 's question . 
 seriously , izzy . 
 what is going on with you ? '' 
 `` just trying to be a. . . 
 a productive member of pms . 
 so are we all agreed ? 
 friday night , the boys deal with the cemetery , the girls handle the cave . '' 
 `` um , '' anderson said , flicking his hair out of his eyes , `` i , uh , was wondering if i could be paired up with romy instead . 
 no offense , dex , it 's just ... '' dex held up a hand . 
 `` none taken . '' 
 then he gave an exaggerated leer . 
 `` i 'd much rather spelunk with izzy , anyway . '' 
 i knew that spelunking meant exploring caves , but i glared at dex like he 'd said something inappropriate . 
 `` now see , there 's the izzy i know , '' he teased , and i suddenly found myself smiling back . 
 ugh . 
 i was clearly losing it . 
 shaking my head , i rattled my own handouts . 
 `` okay , so me and dex take the cave ; romy and anderson , you 're on grave duty . 
 we 'll be looking for anything that suggests a ritual has taken place . 
 candles , burn marks , funky smells ... '' `` salt all over the grass , '' dex said under his breath , but neither romy nor anderson paid him any attention . 
 `` so ... witches , '' romy said , frowning at the paper . 
 `` yes . 
 well , witch , singular at least . '' 
 she looked up at me , squinting behind her glasses . 
 `` pointy-hat-wearing , broomstick-riding witches . '' 
 `` they do n't actually do any of that stuff . 
 at least most of them do n't . 
 some of them like to be retro every once and a while . '' 
 anderson lifted an eyebrow . 
 `` and you know this because ? '' 
 i glanced over at dex . 
 `` i read a lot . 
 on the internet . 
 and also i went to this fancy all-girls ' school , and we had a whole class on ... witches . '' 
 when the three of them just continued to stare at me , i added , `` it was a really progressive school . 
 anyway , tonight , pms patrol , cool ? '' 
 `` i do n't have anything better to do tonight , '' anderson said , draping his arm around the back of romy 's chair . 
 her dimples deepened as she tried to hide a smile . 
 `` me neither , '' she said . 
 `` you know i 'm always up for weirdness my nana wo n't approve of , '' dex said , clapping his hands together . 
 `` speaking of , since you 'll have to ride with me tonight , izzy , why do n't we get off the bus together this afternoon ? 
 you can meet my nana . '' 
 `` right , '' i said . 
 i 'd been meaning to do that , and while i wish i 'd found time to see if any of those magazines had articles like , `` meeting his nana : what does it mean ? '' 
 there was no time like the present . 
 `` that ... yeah , sure , that 'll be fine . '' 
 dex leaned forward , his blue eyes bright . 
 `` so let 's do this . 
 pms 's first witch hunt ! '' 
 the bell rang , and the four of us hurried to gather up our stuff and get back into the main building . 
 the boys loped off ahead while romy and i hung back a little . 
 `` anderson was in that picture , '' she said , worrying her thumbnail between her teeth . 
 `` if i 'm right , and mary 's after the descendants of certain people - '' `` there were lots of people in that picture , romy , '' i said , looping my arm through hers . 
 i still had n't found the appropriate time to do a hip bump , but arm-looping felt right . 
 `` and anderson is going to be fine because we 're going to find out what 's causing the haunting and put a stop to it . 
 besides , mary 's nice enough to leave us little warnings when she picks a victim . 
 if anything freaky happens to anderson , he 'll tell us , and we 'll know . '' 
 that did n't seem to make romy feel better , so i tightened my arm in hers . 
 `` or hey ! 
 maybe she 's done with the whole revenge thing . 
 maybe it was just snyder 's and beth 's relatives she was pissed at . '' 
 that theory lasted until second period . 
 just after p.e. , romy and i were standing by her locker when there was suddenly an explosive bang from farther down the hallway . 
 `` the hell ? '' 
 i heard someone squawk as a cloud of gray smoke began pouring out of a locker . 
 `` anderson ? '' 
 romy cried , but it was n't anderson standing in front of the exploding locker . 
 it was adam , his face a mask of fear and annoyance . 
 rushing down the hall , i grabbed his arm . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 irritated , he threw off my hand . 
 `` yeah , fine . 
 just some jackass put a firecracker or something in my locker . '' 
 waving the smoke away , he peered inside , and i leaned over his shoulder to do the same . 
 all that was left of adam 's textbooks was a smoldering pile of ash . 
 `` all right , people , make a hole , '' mrs. steele said , pushing students out of her way . 
 grimacing , she took in the mess . 
 `` first someone 's car malfunctions , now lockers are exploding ? 
 what has gotten into this place ? '' 
 behind her back , my eyes met romy 's . 
 apparently , mary was far from done . 
 chapter 24 `` okay , please do not be alarmed by our yard situation , '' dex said as i followed him up the driveway . 
 `` nana is a fearsome cook but a truly dreadful gardener . 
 it is known . '' 
 dex exaggerated about a lot of things , but the state of his yard was not one of them . 
 even though it was late february and nothing was exactly blooming , every bush and blade of grass in dex 's front yard was brown and crispy-looking . 
 even the pear tree looked in danger of keeling over . 
 but the house itself was pretty . 
 nicer than ours and a little bigger , there were cheerful yellow curtains in the windows , and when dex opened the front door , i froze and took a deep breath . 
 i do n't know what heaven smells like , but if it does n't smell like freshly baked cookies , i will be really disappointed . 
 seeing my rapturous expression , dex grinned . 
 `` this way , '' he said , tugging me into the kitchen . 
 a woman in a light blue sweater and a pair of what i 'm pretty sure could be described as mom jeans-nana jeans ? 
 - was pulling a tray of cookies out of the oven as we walked in . 
 `` dex ! '' 
 she cried happily . 
 and then her eyes swung to me . 
 they were the same bright blue as dex 's , and they nearly matched her sweater . 
 `` and who is this ? '' 
 `` izzy , my nana , nana , my izzy . '' 
 i shot dex a glare as his nana put the tray of cookies on the counter . 
 `` oh , my ! '' 
 she exclaimed , flapping her hands . 
 `` dexter , if you 're going to have company , especially such lovely company , you need to warn your nana ! 
 i look a mess . '' 
 she actually looked pretty nice , in my opinion . 
 her hair , like dex 's , was black and curly , with only a few touches of gray at her temples . 
 glasses perched on the edge of her nose , fastened to a sparkly chain draped around her neck . 
 as she reached out and enfolded me in a hug , i caught a whiff of vanilla and baby powder . 
 basically , dex 's nana was the perfect grandmother . 
 when she pulled away , she even patted my cheek . 
 `` oh , are n't you a pretty thing . 
 dex said you were , but it 's nice to see he did n't exaggerate for once . '' 
 my cheeks flamed at that , and next to me , dex nudged my ribs . 
 `` if anything , i undersold her , did n't i , nana ? '' 
 she swatted at his arm . 
 `` now , dexter , you 're making her blush . 
 come on and grab a couple of cookies , and tell me all about yourself , izzy . 
 what a sweet name . 
 is that short for isabelle ? '' 
 `` isolde , '' i told her , scooping up a cookie from the tray . 
 dex sat down on a gingham-covered stool and patted the one next to him . 
 i sat , taking a bit of my cookie . 
 it was everything i had hoped it would be and more . 
 i wondered if dex 's nana would consider adopting me . 
 `` how pretty , '' she said . 
 she moved to the giant stainless steel fridge and pulled out a carton of milk . 
 `` was n't there a famous story about an isolde ? 
 something beautiful and tragic ? '' 
 `` tristan and isolde , '' dex said before i could answer . 
 `` and quite frankly , i 'm hoping the romance of dexter and isolde ends up with a lower body count . '' 
 nana tittered , and i brushed stray crumbs of cookie from my mouth . 
 `` there is not a romance of dexter and isolde , '' i said , but i caught myself smiling anyway . 
 then i remembered . 
 dex was not just some boy , and i was not just some girl sitting in his nana 's kitchen , eating the most wonderful cookies ever created by woman . 
 he was some kind of prodigium , and i was here to find out what . 
 and even if there had n't been that , romance between me and dex was totally out of the question . 
 i tried to imagine taking him home to mom , introducing him as my boyfriend . 
 brannick women were always very careful about the men they chose . 
 they had the bloodline to think about , after all , which was why they tended to pick warriors . 
 soldiers , navy seals . 
 my grandfather had even been a green beret . 
 whenever mom had talked about finley 's and my dad , the one word that always came up was `` strong . '' 
 dex could n't even jog around the football field without his asthma flaring up . 
 and it was n't just that . 
 how would mom react to a boy who was so purely ... decorative ? 
 sure , dex had salted a grave , but he 'd taken his nice coat off first . 
 i shook those thoughts off . 
 they were unproductive and pointless . 
 instead , i smiled at nana and said , `` so you and dex moved here from new york ? '' 
 i thought as far as questions went , it was fairly harmless . 
 but i did n't miss the way nana stiffened slightly . 
 `` we 've lived a little bit of everywhere . 
 and i 've told dex that the important thing is the future , not the past . '' 
 she stroked his hair . 
 `` he 's here now , and that 's all that matters . '' 
 dex smiled at her , but there was something kind of puzzled about it . 
 maybe he thought her answer was as weird as i did , but it almost seemed like more than that . 
 it was the same look finn used to get when she could n't remember where she 'd put her crossbow . 
 -lrb- that happened a lot more often than it should have , if you asked me . 
 you should always know where you 've left deadly weapons . -rrb- 
 `` nana 's right , '' dex finally said , slapping a hand on the counter . 
 `` as shakespeare said , ` do n't look back , you should never look back . ' '' 
 `` that was a don henley song , dear , but it 's an excellent sentiment nonetheless , '' nana said , patting his hand . 
 weirdness passed , she smiled at me again . 
 `` izzy , will you be staying for dinner ? '' 
 if the rest of her food was as good as her cookies , i 'd be an idiot not to . 
 dex answered for me . 
 `` she will be . 
 and then we 're going to go out for a while , if that 's okay with you . 
 nana 's face creased into a frown . 
 `` are you sure that 's a good idea , sweetie ? 
 your asthma has been so bad lately - '' but dex just waved that off . 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 it 's the time of year or something . 
 asthma season . 
 but i have my trusty inhaler '' - he pulled it out of his coat pocket , shaking it - `` and the fair isolde to protect me if need be . '' 
 when nana did n't stop frowning , dex dropped the act , leaning in closer to her . 
 `` i 'll be fine , nana , '' he said , his voice softer . 
 he laid a hand over hers , and his bracelet caught the light . 
 `` you worry too much . '' 
 she touched the silver links around his wrist . 
 `` i 'm your grandmother , '' she said . 
 `` it 's allowed . '' 
 watching them together made me smile , and started this kind of warm , blooming feeling in my chest . 
 not only was dex cute and smart and funny , but he loved his nana - and that 's when something occurred to me . 
 dex 's nana . 
 she was related to him by blood . 
 that meant if he was prodigium , then so was she . 
 that 's how that worked ; there was no skipping generations , no freak human kid born to prodigium parents . 
 there were no vibes coming off of nana , and she 'd hugged me . 
 touched my cheek . 
 i had n't felt anything . 
 not even the slightest hint that she was prodigium . 
 still , just to be sure , i leaned forward and said , `` that 's a pretty ring . '' 
 just as i 'd hoped , she pushed her hand toward me so that i could get a better look . 
 as she did , i caught her fingers . 
 nothing . 
 not even the slightest tingle . 
 `` thank you , sweetheart , '' she said . 
 `` i got it from one of those home-shopping shows . 
 you know , the ones that come on late at night and make silly old ladies like me spend more than they should . '' 
 i laughed harder than necessary , trying to cover my confusion . 
 nana was n't prodigium , so dex could n't be one either . 
 but if that was true , what the heck was i feeling ? 
 no matter what everyone kept saying , i knew that little hum of magic when i touched him was n't just hormones . 
 i turned my head and looked at him grinning at his nana , his silver bracelet winking in the sun , his coat just impossibly , stupidly purple . 
 or did i just want dex to be prodigium because the idea of liking him was a lot scarier ? 
 chapter 25 dex and i spent the rest of the afternoon playing video games . 
 i 'd never done that before , but it turned out all those years of training paid off in wicked hand-eye coordination . 
 so while i could n't beat dex at dragon slayer iv , i did n't get totally embarrassed either . 
 once we 'd slain dragons , we ate with nana . 
 like her cookies , her spaghetti recipe clearly came from heaven , and by the time we left for the cave , i felt happier-and fuller-than i had in weeks . 
 okay , so maybe dex 's nana seemed a little overly protective . 
 but dex was her only grandkid and all the family she had . 
 that was probably normal . 
 and dex was normal , i reminded myself as we drove to the outskirts of town . 
 in the dim blue lights of the dash , i studied his profile . 
 normal . 
 i 'd never thought that word could sound so appealing . 
 the cave was easier to find than i 'd thought it would be . 
 there were signs and everything . 
 granted , they did n't mention mary evans or ghosts , but according to the legend , this had been where mary and jasper-the teacher-had met , and done ... whatever . 
 and , more important , where mary had died . 
 once we got there , dex opened my door for me , holding out his hand . 
 `` milady . '' 
 the night was cold enough that i wished i 'd brought a heavier jacket . 
 dex was decked out in a new purple jacket , a thick green scarf knotted at his throat . 
 he looked warm and cozy , and i wondered if his jacket was as soft as it seemed . 
 dex must 've picked up on my longing , because he went to unbutton his coat . 
 `` cold ? 
 you can have it . '' 
 `` no , '' i said quickly . 
 `` it 's just ... purple suits you . 
 which is good since you wear so much of it . '' 
 preening , dex raised his head and pushed his shoulders back . 
 `` it brings out the color of my eyes . '' 
 i did n't giggle this time , but i did give him a playful shove as i moved past him and into the cave . 
 once we were inside , we turned our flashlights on . 
 `` well , this is ... '' `` creepy , '' i finished . 
 `` i was actually going to go with ` pants-wettingly terrifying , ' but , sure . '' 
 `` you really think mary and jasper used this place to get all ... romantic ? '' 
 running a hand over the damp walls of the cave , i shuddered a little . 
 `` because seriously , i would n't even take my hat off in here . '' 
 `` their relationship was already pretty gross . 
 maybe they were going for some kind of grossness record . '' 
 `` lovely , '' i muttered , walking farther back into the cave . 
 as i did , i had to crouch slightly . 
 dex had to practically fold in half . 
 `` whoever used to hang out here , they must have been pretty tiny , '' i joked . 
 dex turned his flashlight on me . 
 `` um , iz , pretty sure they were n't standing up , '' he said , and i blushed . 
 `` right , '' i said , trying to sound extra brusque so that he would n't notice my discomfort . 
 `` okay , so . 
 proof of the supernatural . 
 let 's find some . '' 
 kneeling down , dex yanked a melted candle off a little shelf carved in the rock . 
 `` you think this was supposed to be sexy or spooky ? '' 
 i was never going to stop blushing . 
 i was actually going to die of blood loss because there was n't any left to pump through my heart . 
 it was all in my face . 
 `` nothing in this place is sexy , '' i told him , and he laughed . 
 `` oh , come on , izzy . 
 even you , miss anti-romance , can admit there 's something just a little bit appealing about making out in a candlelit cave . '' 
 `` bats live in caves , '' i reminded him . 
 `` and where there are bats , there 's bat poop . 
 lots of it . 
 did you know there 's a cave in mexico where they have a whole mountain made of guano ? '' 
 dex leveled a fake-sultry gaze at me . 
 `` are you coming on to me ? '' 
 i shined my flashlight at him , making him throw up a hand to guard his eyes . 
 `` hey , watch it ! 
 you want me to actually see the ghost stuff , right ? ' 
 `` just ... start looking , okay ? '' 
 `` fine , '' he grumbled , and we made our way deeper into the cave . 
 the ceiling got lower and we both had to drop to our knees and crawl . 
 `` salting graves , crawling underground ... you really are the most fun date ever , '' dex mused . 
 i bumped him with my shoulder and kept crawling . 
 after a few feet , the cave opened up again , the ceiling soaring at least twelve feet overhead . 
 dex stood up and stretched with a happy groan , but all i could focus on was the magic bouncing off the rocks , filling the air , making my hair nearly stand on end . 
 `` this is it . '' 
 frowning , dex spun in a circle . 
 `` what , this ? 
 this is where the ghost stuff went down ? 
 how can you tell ? '' 
 `` i just ... can . '' 
 it was maybe not the greatest answer ever , but i could n't think of any other way to explain to dex how i could sense magic . 
 luckily , he did n't question it . 
 `` whoa ! '' 
 he cried . 
 `` what ? '' 
 had he felt it ? 
 was it just a delayed reaction ? 
 but dex was n't exclaiming over all the magic radiating inside the cave . 
 he was walking forward to another little alcove carved in the rock . 
 `` aha , '' he said , poking around on the ground . 
 `` you 're right , this is it . '' 
 i knelt next to him , turning my beam of light onto the cave floor . 
 there was another melty candle and a few scraps of charred paper . 
 rooting around a little more , he uncovered a tiny golden charm . 
 i leaned in closer as he laid it in his palm and shined the flashlight on it . 
 `` a heart , '' he murmured . 
 i was suddenly aware that our heads were very close together , and took a deep breath . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 his eyes dropped to my mouth . 
 `` that 's both sexy and spooky , do n't you think ? '' 
 `` depends on how you look at it , i guess , '' i said . 
 now i was watching his mouth . 
 like his hands and eyes , dex 's lips were pretty . 
 beautiful , even . 
 and suddenly i wanted them on mine more than i had ever wanted anything . 
 even as we moved closer together , some tiny part of my brain that was still a brannick and not a silly girl losing her head over a cute boy registered what the magic in this cave must be . 
 no ordinary spell had happened here . 
 this was different . 
 this was a love spell . 
 and now here dex and i were , soaking in all this love spell energy . 
 that was why he was staring at me like he wanted to devour me . 
 why i wanted him to devour me . 
 it was residual energy from the spell , nothing else . 
 i do n't know how i did it , but i managed to get to my feet and back away from him . 
 clearing my throat , i started shining my flashlight around the rest of the cave . 
 `` there might be more stuff . 
 i mean , that 's definitely magiclike , and - '' `` i 've never kissed anyone in a cave , '' dex mused . 
 when i turned around , he was still on his knees , watching me . 
 `` or in any kind of underground structure , really . 
 cave , bomb shelter , secret government bunker ... '' his light was on me again . 
 `` what about you ? 
 you seem like the kind of girl whose romantic life is full of thrills and danger . '' 
 my `` romantic life '' consisted of watching cheesy teen soaps and sneaking the occasional drugstore romance novel , but was n't the kind of thing i wanted to share . 
 and i definitely was n't telling him that i 'd never kissed anyone anywhere before . 
 `` lots , '' i told him , going for breezy . 
 `` there was a secret tunnel connecting my school to the boys ' school down the road . 
 so it was all underground making out all the time . '' 
 `` i knew it , '' he said , making me laugh . 
 `` so these boys you were sneaking off to meet in tunnels . 
 was there a. . . 
 special one ? '' 
 since there had n't actually been any boy , much less a special one , i was n't sure what to say . 
 finally i settled on , `` i did n't have a boyfriend , if that 's what you 're asking . '' 
 `` i was trying not to be that tacky about it , but yes , i was asking if you had ... or if you have a boyfriend . '' 
 my heart was pounding fast now . 
 this time i could n't tell myself he was being friendly , or that this was `` just dex . '' 
 boys do n't ask if you have a boyfriend unless they are interested in you . 
 and then something else occurred to me . 
 i could tell him i did . 
 invent some long-distance guy , someone i e-mailed and skyped with . 
 and that would be that . 
 dex and i could be friends , nothing more . 
 he might feel a little disappointed , and maybe he 'd pull back a little . 
 just the thought of that hurt . 
 i had n't known dex very long , but i liked him . 
 genuinely . 
 hanging out with romy was fun , but it was n't the same as the time i spent with dex . 
 i 'd been quiet too long . 
 `` so that 's a yes , then ? '' 
 he asked , his voice every bit as light as mine had been moments ago . 
 but i heard the hurt creeping around the edges . 
 tell him yes . 
 tell him yes . 
 turning around , i let the beam of my flashlight fall on the floor . 
 `` no . 
 i do n't have a boyfriend . '' 
 i thought i 'd seen every one of dex 's smiles . 
 the goofy one , the ironic one , the delighted one . 
 but the grin that broke across his face was a whole new specimen : the sexy one . 
 `` oh , thank god , '' he breathed , and then he was crossing the cave and pulling me to him . 
 chapter 26 dex was taller than me , and as he pressed me against him , he actually hauled me up on my tiptoes . 
 his arm was around my waist , his other hand plunged into my hair , and he was kissing me . 
 i mean , really , really kissing me . 
 i was kissing him back . 
 and i was good at it . 
 i did n't know if it was the spell , or if i was some kind of kissing prodigy . 
 everything i 'd worried about-weird head movements , awkward lip placement , the spit dilemma-none of it was an issue . 
 dex and i kissed like we 'd been doing it forever . 
 that buzz i felt every time i touched him was still there , but now it was wrapped up in all these other feelings , feelings that seemed a lot more potent than any magic . 
 my fingers curled against his shoulders , the material of his jacket as soft as it had looked , and i shivered . 
 when we finally broke apart , his eyes were bluer than normal . 
 he seemed dazed-and i was n't feeling particularly clearheaded either . 
 `` izzy , '' he murmured . 
 i pulled back . 
 `` it 's a spell . '' 
 dex blinked twice , shaking his head . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i was still trying to catch my breath . 
 trying to keep myself from jumping back into his arms . 
 `` this place . 
 it 's got some kind of love spell thing happening . 
 that 's the only reason we ... we , uh ... '' i was moving back toward him , my hands already itching to grab his lapels . 
 one of his fingers curled around my belt loop , pulling me in , but before our lips could meet again , i slammed both of my palms against his chest . 
 `` you do n't really want to kiss me , '' i blurted out . 
 `` i. . . 
 i 'm sorry , what ? '' 
 stepping back , i crossed my arms . 
 `` this cave . 
 someone did a love spell here . 
 that 's what all this - '' i went to point to his hand , but it was empty now . 
 somewhere in the middle of ... everything , dex had dropped the heart charm . 
 clearing my throat , i rushed on . 
 `` anyway , love spells are , like , crazy powerful . 
 they can ... seep into places . 
 make other people feel the effects of the magic . 
 that 's what 's happening to us . '' 
 i was babbling and i knew it , but i just wanted to find something i could say that would erase the dawning horror on dex 's face . 
 `` so ... we kissed because of magic ? '' 
 `` right , '' i said , relieved . 
 `` so it does n't mean anything . '' 
 his expression twisted , and now he did n't seem horrified . 
 he seemed ... angry . 
 `` is this something else you learned on the internet ? '' 
 he asked , his voice cold . 
 `` the effects of love spells on people who do n't like each other ? '' 
 confused , i shook my head . 
 `` i do like you . '' 
 dex laughed , but it was a laugh i 'd never heard him use before . 
 it was sarcastic and harsh . 
 `` of course you do . 
 as a friend , right ? '' 
 and then suddenly , all the anger seemed to drain out of him . 
 he ran a hand over the top of his head , ruffling his hair . 
 `` look , it 's fine . 
 we kissed because magic made us do it . 
 whatever . 
 let 's just ... let 's just go . '' 
 he moved toward the tunnel and made what i thought was another harsh laugh . 
 but it was n't . 
 it was a cough . 
 then a wheeze . 
 and suddenly he was sliding to the floor , his shoulders and chest working , but no air coming in or going out . 
 i rushed over to him , thrusting my hands into the pockets of his jacket , but he shoved me off . 
 `` i know things are weird with us , but now is not the time ! '' 
 i shouted . 
 in the dim glow of the flashlight i could see the skin around his lips turning blue . 
 dex made another wheeze , but this one sounded like it was trying to be a laugh . 
 `` car , '' he mouthed . 
 i was bolting out of the cave the second the word was out of his mouth . 
 ducking to keep from whacking my head , i crawled faster than anyone has ever crawled before . 
 by the time i got out to the car my hands were shaking . 
 i yanked open the door and started pawing through the glove box . 
 all that got me was a box of tissues and some hard peppermints . 
 every bad word i knew was spilling from my lips as i thrust my hands between the seats . 
 finally , my fingers closed over metal , and i could 've wept with relief when i pulled out dex 's inhaler . 
 when i got back to him , the wheezing had given way to a terrifying silence . 
 fumbling , i shoved the inhaler at him , sinking back on my heels when i heard him take several deep pulls on it . 
 it took much longer than it had that day on the football field , but after several agonizing seconds , dex started breathing again . 
 color rushed back into his face , and he closed his eyes , shaking . 
 `` well , that was different , '' he whispered once he could finally talk . 
 he opened one eye . 
 `` never had an asthma attack from making out . 
 you are one heck of a kisser , izzy brannick . '' 
 i would have hit him , but i was so glad he was n't dying that i just patted his shoulder instead . 
 `` i think it was the arguing rather than the kissing . '' 
 `` heh , '' he breathed . 
 `` maybe . '' 
 both eyes opened . 
 `` i 'm sorry , by the way . 
 i should n't have gotten so pissed , but - '' `` forget about it , '' i said . 
 `` and ... maybe it was n't just the magic that made me kiss you . 
 but , dex . 
 i ca n't ... we ca n't ... '' i did n't know what else to say . 
 that seemed to sum it all up . 
 i could n't . 
 we could n't . 
 my life was full of ridiculously dangerous stuff . 
 and dex , in his own way , was ridiculously brave . 
 i thought about the clothes he wore , the unabashed affection he showed toward me , romy , even his nana . 
 every day of his life , dex was uniquely himself , and he did n't care what people said about it . 
 and i knew that if he really knew what my life was like , he 'd want to be a part of it . 
 that was the kind of guy he was-all in . 
 and being `` all in '' with me would get him killed . 
 `` it 's fine , '' dex said , breathing more slowly . 
 `` as long as we can be friends , i 'm ... i 'm good with that . '' 
 `` me , too , '' i said . 
 and even though i knew that was true , i wondered why it made me so sad . 
 chapter 27 `` so ... everton likes leslie ? '' 
 romy asked around a mouthful of popcorn . 
 `` yeah . 
 loves her , actually . 
 but that was before the amnesia . '' 
 we were sitting in romy 's room on saturday night , a big bowl of popcorn on the floor , two different kinds of sodas on her desk , and all three seasons of ivy springs sitting beside her tv . 
 i 'd filled in her on what had happened at the cave . 
 well , the love spell part . 
 not the me and dex kissing bit . 
 romy had told me about her and anderson finding salt on the grave-and i tried to act very surprised about that-but in the end , both of us agreed that friday night 's field trips had been pretty successful , all things considered . 
 then we 'd put in ivy springs and let the trials of leslie and everton distract us from our failure . 
 romy had already changed into her pajamas-naturally , they had cute little ghosts on them-and i was painting my toenails . 
 well , trying to . 
 since i 'd never done it before , my feet looked like i 'd accidentally stepped into a meat grinder . 
 as i dabbed at the bright scarlet mess , romy glanced up . 
 `` whoa , '' she said , eyes going wide . 
 `` what have you done ? '' 
 sighing , i yanked a tissue out of the box on romy 's nightstand and began trying to wipe off the worst of it . 
 `` i think i used too much . '' 
 romy laughed as she sat up . 
 `` think ? 
 iz , it looks like you poured half the bottle on your foot . 
 here , give me that . '' 
 she snatched tissues away from me and rummaged in her nightstand drawer until she emerged with a bottle of nail polish remover . 
 i reached for it , but she held her arm over her head . 
 `` uh-uh . 
 you can not be trusted with dangerous chemicals , clearly . 
 give me your foot . '' 
 hesitantly , i stretched out my leg , and romy doused a few tissues with the polish remover . 
 as she went to work scrubbing the worst of the mess off my right foot , she glanced at me over the top of her glasses . 
 `` you 've never painted your toenails before , have you ? '' 
 i thought about lying , but seeing as how i 'd somehow managed to get it 's a bit chili in here between my toes , i did n't think romy would buy it . 
 `` no . 
 my mom is really strict about makeup . '' 
 giving a low whistle , romy shook her head . 
 `` never played dodgeball , never been kissed , never used makeup ... '' my face was nearly as scarlet as my toes . 
 well , my whole foot , actually . 
 when i did n't say anything , romy raised her eyes . 
 `` izzy ? '' 
 she prompted . 
 i cleared my throat and tucked a strand of hair behind my ear . 
 i had n't planned on telling romy about the kissing , but my stupid fair skin had given me away yet again . 
 `` i , um ... me and dex , we - '' romy sat up so quickly she nearly turned over the bottle of polish remover . 
 i caught it , but she did n't seem to notice since she was too busy clapping and squealing something that sounded like , `` ohmygodohmygodohmygodohmygod ! '' 
 leaping off the bed , she paused the ivy springs dvd just as everton was about to kiss lila , leslie 's identical cousin . 
 `` i can not believe we 've been sitting here for an entire hour , painting nails and watching tv , when you could have been telling me every last detail about yours and dexter o'neil 's mega-hot makeout session . '' 
 `` it was n't like that , '' i protested . 
 `` it was ... okay , it was exactly like that , but - '' romy cut me off with another squeal , and i could n't help but laugh . 
 `` this is so very excellent , '' she said , flopping back down on the bed . 
 `` so when ? 
 where ? 
 how ? '' 
 i drew back my now-polish-free foot , wrapping my arms around my knees . 
 `` last night , at the cave , and , um , with our mouths ? '' 
 romy rolled her eyes and hit me with one of the bright green throw pillows covering her bed . 
 `` i figured that last part . 
 i just meant did he kiss you first , or beneath that shy exterior , are you secretly a seductive vixen ? '' 
 she waggled her eyebrows , and now it was my turn to toss a pillow at her . 
 `` he kissed me . 
 well , he asked me if i had a boyfriend , and i said no , and then we ... kissed . '' 
 telling it like that , it sounded so flat , so uneventful . 
 but i did n't know how girls talked about this kind of thing . 
 and besides , i kind of wanted to keep it private . 
 it was almost like i was afraid if i shared all the details-how warm his lips had been , the softness of his jacket under my hands-it would n't feel as special anymore . 
 and since it was probably the only time it was ever going to happen , i wanted it to stay special for a long time . 
 something must have shown on my face , because romy 's giddy grin slipped into a puzzled frown . 
 `` why did you make sad face ? '' 
 before i could say anything , romy rushed on . 
 `` was it bad ? 
 i mean , i always thought dex would be pretty good at kissing despite his general spazziness , but i could be wrong , and if i am , just tell me . 
 i know he 's my boy best friend , but you 're my girl best friend , and that trumps him - '' i help up my hand like that could stop the rush of words . 
 `` no , it was not bad . 
 and ... i 'm your best friend ? '' 
 i 'd never had a best friend unless you counted finley . 
 but even though she 'd been my sister , and i 'd loved her , it was n't like we 'd ever painted each other 's toenails , and i shuddered to think of what she would 've said about ivy springs . 
 romy smiled , almost shyly . 
 `` um , duh , of course you 're my best friend . 
 what do you think all this means '' - she waved her hand , taking in the popcorn , the polish , the tv - `` if not your initiation into best friendom ? '' 
 in my head , i could hear mom 's voice : these people are not your friends , izzy . 
 they are a means to an end , and as soon as this job is over , you 'll never see them again . 
 but romy was my friend . 
 when she 'd asked me to spend the night , i had n't agreed so that i could pump her for more information about the hauntings . 
 i 'd said yes because i 'd wanted to hang out with her . 
 to paint nails and talk about boys and watch everton and leslie make idiots of themselves . 
 `` okay , see , there you go with sad face again , '' romy said , and i sighed . 
 `` it 's just ... the kiss with dex was good . 
 and i like him . 
 lots . 
 but i ca n't exactly do the boyfriend thing . '' 
 now it was romy 's turn for sad face . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 because i 'm a monster hunter and this whole thing was just a job and i have to tell my mom that dex is n't really prodigium soon and then she 'll make us leave . 
 the words were right there , desperate to tumble out of my mouth in one big avalanche of overshare . 
 instead i shrugged and said , `` i need to concentrate on school . 
 you know . 
 for , um , sats . 
 and college . 
 and ... stuff like that . '' 
 i expected romy to argue , but she just sighed and picked up the nail polish remover . 
 `` i get that , '' she said . 
 `` but it sucks . 
 you guys seem like a weird fit at first glance , but i do n't know . 
 i think you 'd be good together . '' 
 `` yeah , '' i replied . 
 and then i got off the bed and restarted ivy springs before sad face became crying face . 
 `` isolde . 
 isolde . 
 isolde . '' 
 blinking , i sat up . 
 ugh , another torin dream . 
 some-thing i was definitely not in the mood for . 
 `` go ` way , '' i mumbled at him . 
 `` do n't wan na play dress-up . '' 
 but when i flopped over onto my stomach , i realized i was n't in a ball gown . 
 i also was n't in a ballroom or on a boat . 
 i was lying on the trundle bed in romy 's room , and torin was n't in my dreams , he was in her mirror . 
 fully awake , i shot out of the bed and made my way as quietly as possible to torin . 
 my face nearly against the glass , i hissed , `` what are you doing ? '' 
 `` dropping in , '' he said , raising his hands innocently . 
 `` is n't that what blokes are supposed to do ? 
 raid slumber parties ? '' 
 `` no , '' i shot back , my voice barely audible . 
 `` at least i do n't think so . 
 but it does n't matter . 
 you should not be here . '' 
 behind me , romy made a snuffling noise in her sleep and turned over . 
 i did n't think it was possible to be any quieter , but i tried anyway . 
 `` go . 
 away . '' 
 `` i miss you , '' he said suddenly . 
 our faces were very close to each other , and even though i knew it was impossible , i could 've sworn i felt a puff of breath on my cheek . 
 `` you never talk to me anymore . 
 and that ? '' 
 he pointed to the stack of ivy springs , eyes narrowing . 
 `` traitor . '' 
 `` this is my job , '' i told him , ignoring the pang of guilt in my chest . 
 what was wrong with me ? 
 i did n't have anything to feel guilty for . 
 so i chose to watch the show with a real girl my own age instead of a four - hundred-year-old warlock trapped in a mirror . 
 surely , that was n't anything to feel guilty about . 
 or at least i thought it was n't . 
 sassy miss had n't exactly covered that . 
 `` these people are n't a job to you anymore , isolde , '' torin said , voice low . 
 `` they 're your friends . 
 and while it causes me actual physical pain to admit this , your mum is right . 
 in the end , getting close to humans can only hurt you . '' 
 i backed away from the glass , but he kept going . 
 `` i 've watched generations of brannick women get close to regular people . 
 fall in love , make friends . 
 it ended in tragedy every single time , isolde . 
 i know you do n't believe a large percentage of what i say , but believe that i have no desire to ever see you hurt . 
 and these people will hurt you . '' 
 romy rolled over again , and i looked back at her . 
 `` romy is ... she could n't hurt me . '' 
 `` could she not ? '' 
 in the glass , torin walked over to romy 's desk and opened the top drawer , pulling out something thin and golden . 
 my heart sank , but i made myself cross the room and open that same drawer . 
 there , hidden under a stack of purple post-its , was a charm bracelet . 
 there was a ballet slipper and a tiny golden unicorn and horseshoe and what i think was supposed to be a pot of gold . 
 and in between the slipper and the unicorn was a space where , i had an awful feeling , a heart was supposed to go . 
 i put the bracelet back where i found it , silently slid the drawer closed , and walked back to the mirror . 
 `` it makes sense , '' torin said as soon as i was in front of him . 
 `` she finds a harmless little love spell somewhere , decides to try it out . 
 and then she tries another spell , and another . 
 and what do you know , she runs a ghost-hunting club , but there are no ghosts . 
 so she works a little hedge magic , does a summoning or two . 
 just to make things interesting . 
 and then it very quickly gets out of hand . '' 
 i wanted to deny it . 
 to say there had to be some mistake . 
 but torin was right . 
 it made total sense . 
 `` what do i do ? '' 
 i asked , but i was n't sure if i was talking to torin or myself . 
 `` tell your mum . 
 or tell that bloody prodigium council and let them deal with it . 
 let this girl know there are consequences for messing about with the unknown . '' 
 both of those were technically good ideas , but they made my stomach twist in really awful ways . 
 what if it turned out the only way to break this particular spell was to kill her ? 
 mom would do that . 
 if it was the only way , i had no doubt she could . 
 and as for the council ... my cousin sophie may have been in charge , but she was n't there right now . 
 who knew what those people would do to romy ? 
 `` i ca n't , '' i said , and torin watched me with an unreadable expression . 
 finally he said , `` this is being a brannick , izzy . 
 no one said it would be easy . '' 
 and with that , he was gone . 
 chapter 28 first thing sunday morning i faked an upset stomach and left romy 's . 
 she seemed a little down , but i let her keep the last season of ivy springs , which cheered her up . 
 instead of home , i headed for the library . 
 unfortunately , ideal 's library was n't exactly the best resource , and i quickly saw why mom had needed to drive three towns over to get her books . 
 looking for anything on `` hedge magic '' only got me a bunch of volumes on how to grow hedges . 
 thinking of dex 's horrible lawn , i wondered if i should check one out for nana . 
 then i remembered that everything between me and dex was kind of awful right now . 
 besides , i had the case to focus on . 
 that night , mom and i went back to that chinese place , and i told her i was ready to leave . 
 she raised her eyebrows . 
 `` case closed ? '' 
 `` almost , '' i said . 
 i still had n't figured out how to stop romy . 
 part of me wondered if i could just talk to her like ... like a friend . 
 or maybe sneak a fake article into american teen that said something like , `` why hedge magic and raising ghosts is so last year ! '' 
 by monday , i still had n't found anything . 
 dex had saved me a seat on the bus like usual , but he was very careful not to sit too close to me . 
 i think both of us were relieved when romy turned around and started telling dex about her and anderson 's night . 
 `` and there was salt , like , everywhere , '' she said , pushing her glasses up . 
 `` i mean , that was all we saw , but that has to mean something , right ? '' 
 dex made a sort of choked laugh that he quickly turned into a cough . 
 romy 's brow furrowed . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 `` yeah , just ... anyway , izzy , why do n't you fill romy in on our night ? '' 
 `` she already did , '' romy said , barely suppressing a smile . 
 she winked at me , and i wanted to be able to wink back so badly . 
 instead , i reached into my pocket . 
 `` i left out a part . 
 we also found this . '' 
 before leaving the cave friday night , i 'd searched the floor for that heart charm . 
 i pulled it out of my pocket now . 
 romy plucked the charm from my hand , a weird expression on her face . 
 as she studied it , i studied her . 
 `` have you seen it before ? '' 
 startled , she raised her head . 
 `` i have a charm kind of like this , but it does n't look all blackened and stuff . '' 
 she handed it back to me . 
 `` maybe it belonged to mary . '' 
 i do n't know what i 'd expected . 
 not for her to be like , `` oh , right , this is mine ! 
 i did some kind of freaky spell at that cave , and whoops ! 
 now we 're plagued by ghosts . '' 
 but i 'd thought she 'd show a little more reaction than that . 
 if anything , she just seemed kind of confused . 
 we had a test in english and a freaking relay race in p.e. , so i did n't get a chance to talk to her any more that morning . 
 then she did n't show up at lunch , so i made up my mind to talk to her during history , only to find out class was n't meeting because there was a pep rally for the basketball team . 
 there had been , like , eight in the first season of ivy springs , but i 'd never actually been to one . 
 and i have to admit , my curiosity to see what an actual pep rally looked like almost outweighed my need to know what was up with romy . 
 the gym was already full by the time we got there , but romy and anderson had saved a couple of places at the very top of the bleachers , just like the night of the basketball game . 
 dodging other kids , dex and i carefully made our way up there . 
 at one point , i nearly stumbled and he reached out , catching my hand . 
 it was the first time we 'd touched since the cave , and the feel of his hand on mine made me remember his lips on mine , his hands on my back . 
 but the instant i had righted myself , dex dropped my hand . 
 it was for the best . 
 really . 
 dex and i could n't be together , not like that . 
 and i would n't be at the school for much longer . 
 the less i had to miss , the better . 
 once we reached the top of the bleachers , i sat by romy , and dex went over beside anderson . 
 even with two people between us , i was so aware of him my skin felt charged . 
 trying to take my mind off of that , i nodded down at the gym floor . 
 `` so what exactly is going to happen ? '' 
 i asked romy . 
 she turned to me , surprised . 
 `` you 've seriously never been to a pep rally ? '' 
 `` they , uh , did n't do them at my old school . 
 we did n't have sports . '' 
 i was too distracted to sound sincere , but romy did n't seem to notice . 
 `` okay , well , basically , it 's a stupid and pointless ritual wherein we all cheer for our stupid , pointless basketball team . 
 we 'll shout some stuff , the cheerleaders will do a dance , and then the mascot will come out and we 'll shout some more . '' 
 `` that sounds ... dumb . '' 
 romy nodded . 
 `` it is . 
 intensely . 
 but it 's better than history , i guess . '' 
 at that , the basketball team , all wearing their warm-up suits , jogged out into the gym and everyone started hooting and clapping like these were n't the same guys we saw every single day . 
 about half the kids in the bleachers even leapt to their feet , but since romy , anderson , and dex all stayed seated , so did i . 
 the band started up , and i saw adam on the very edge , playing his drum . 
 i 'd kept a close eye on him since the locker thing , but so far there had been no sign of mary . 
 i was n't even sure what she was planning for him . 
 snyder had gotten the frog with the bashed-in head , signaling that he was about to get his head bashed in . 
 beth had gotten the mangled barbie a few days before she was nearly hit by a car . 
 adam had gotten an explosion . 
 a month ago , i would have said a ghost making someone blow up was pretty much impossible , but if mary could wield a killer microscope and manipulate a car , what was to stop her from sending adam sky high ? 
 still , i wondered how she was going to manage that , exactly ? 
 dex leaned closer to anderson . 
 i heard him murmur something , and all thoughts of adam were forgotten . 
 maybe i could try to talk to dex on the bus . 
 tell him ... i do n't know , i 'd lied about not having a boyfriend . 
 and then i 'd felt guilty about the kiss , and that 's why i 'd spazzed out . 
 he was probably too smart to buy that , but it was worth a try . 
 god , why were boys so complicated ? 
 i suddenly wished i had a ghost to fight right that second . 
 or a vampire . 
 a werewolf . 
 heck , i 'd even take a gollum , no matter how messy killing one was . 
 anything to make me feel like me again . 
 i sat there brooding through the rest of the pep rally . 
 it worked pretty much exactly like romy had said , and i had nearly tuned it out by the time the giant hedgehog rushed onto the court . 
 on the other side of romy and anderson , dex snorted , and in that moment i wanted nothing more than to be sitting beside him , hearing whatever snarky comments he undoubtedly made about the mascot . 
 i had n't realized i was staring at him until he turned his head and looked at me . 
 romy and anderson were talking , their heads close together , but for a second it was like there was n't anyone but me and dex . 
 a little smile drifted across his face , and just when i was thinking about returning it , there was a shout from the gym floor . 
 the hedgehog was wheeling out a big `` cannon . '' 
 as one of the cheerleaders handed him a sparkler , i leaned over and asked romy , `` what 's the deal with that ? '' 
 she rolled her eyes . 
 `` ugh , this is the big finale every time . 
 he pretends to light the fuse , and then it shoots out glitter and confetti while we all ooh and ahh and pretend he has n't done it a million times . 
 on the upside , it means this stupid pep rally is almost over . '' 
 `` so it 's not a real cannon ? '' 
 i asked . 
 romy shook her head . 
 `` nope . 
 just an air cannon . '' 
 `` but ... '' i leaned forward . 
 `` it looks like a real one . 
 like that one that 's outside the front of the school . '' 
 the hedgehog took the sparkler as the student body stomped their feet , chanting , `` m ! 
 e! h ! 
 s ! '' 
 he lit the fuse , and it kindled , smoking . 
 i sat up straighter . 
 `` did he just really light that ? '' 
 squinting , romy peered down . 
 `` huh . 
 yeah . 
 maybe this is a new part of the routine . '' 
 but the cheerleader who 'd handed the mascot the sparkler was staring at the fuse in confusion . 
 then she started backing up , saying something over her shoulder to one of the other cheerleaders . 
 and the hedgehog , suddenly looking a lot more malevolent than i 'd ever thought a hedgehog could , pushed on the barrel of the cannon until it was pointing straight at the band . 
 or , more specifically , straight at adam . 
 i saw him drop his drumsticks , face wrinkling in confusion . 
 a group of kids cheered , obviously expecting glitter and confetti , like romy had said . 
 shooting to my feet , i tried to make my way down the bleachers , but i was too high up and there were too many people . 
 distantly , i heard dex call my name , but i was too busy trying to get to the floor . 
 one of the cheerleaders was shouting and pointing at the cannon , and i heard a chorus of shrieks go up from the gym floor . 
 i was n't going to make it . 
 but then , a basketball player darted from the first row of the bleachers , throwing all his weight onto the cannon . 
 the sound its wheels made on the hardwood was awful , but the deafening boom that followed was much , much worse . 
 thanks to the basketball player , the explosion pounded into the far wall of the gym instead of adam-and all the kids within fifty feet of him . 
 but it did n't matter . 
 everything descended into complete pandemonium as kids screamed at and shoved each other , trying to get off the bleachers and out of the gym . 
 i hung on to the railing , inching down the side of the bleachers . 
 down on the floor , one of the basketball players was holding the hedgehog 's arms behind its back as another boy reached up and tugged the mascot 's head off . 
 the suit was empty . 
 as the boy holding the head staggered back , the suit slid through the other player 's arms , pooling onto the floor . 
 i only thought there had been panic before . 
 the screaming got louder , people started shoving harder , and the entire building seemed to quake . 
 fear-thick , choking waves of it-rushed through the gym . 
 more than fear , really . 
 terror . 
 horror . 
 dread . 
 all of it pulsing in the air , and somewhere , i knew , mary evans was getting stronger . 
 much stronger . 
 chapter 29 since the school had been evacuated , we held the emergency meeting of pms at romy 's house . 
 romy 's mom had gone overboard with the snack options , laying out three different kinds of chips on the counter , as well as two kinds of soft drinks . 
 once we 'd gotten our food we followed romy up to her room . 
 romy immediately clambered onto her bed , sitting cross-legged in the middle . 
 anderson sat next to her , while i took the desk chair and dex folded his long body onto a bright green beanbag chair . 
 `` okay , '' romy said , dusting crumbs off her hands , `` i think we can all agree there 's some seriously crazy stuff going on at mary evans high . '' 
 `` i do n't know , rome , '' dex said , crossing his ankles . 
 `` hedgehog violence is a lot more common than you 'd think . '' 
 `` what i still do n't get , '' anderson said , grabbing a handful of chips , `` is why she went from floating some chalk to this whole reign of terror thing . '' 
 `` there never was a haunting before , '' i said , finally getting it . 
 `` floating chalk , locker doors opening , all of that was bs , just stories people told . '' 
 i was too freaked out and thinking too fast to even pretend i did n't know much about the paranormal . 
 `` this is the only haunting mary evans high has ever had , and it 's because someone used magic and freaking summoned a ghost . '' 
 all three of them stared at me , but i did n't care anymore . 
 this had gone too far , and after what had happened in the gym today , mary would be stronger than ever . 
 we did n't have any more time . 
 i took a deep breath . 
 it had come to this . 
 `` and i think i know who . '' 
 i walked over to romy 's desk and pulled out her bracelet , dangling it on one finger as my other hand fished in my pocket for the charm i 'd found in the cave . 
 `` this belongs to you , does n't it ? '' 
 i asked her . 
 very carefully , romy put her can of soda down . 
 `` yeah . 
 what are you saying ? '' 
 i could feel anderson 's and dex 's eyes on me as i said , `` you run a ghost-hunting club , but you did n't have any ghosts to hunt . 
 so maybe you stumbled across a spell somewhere . 
 hedge magic , '' i said . 
 `` you just thought you 'd call up a couple of local spirits . 
 nothing too dangerous , nothing that could hurt anyone . 
 but hedge magic can be tricky , and something went wrong . 
 and people are getting hurt , romy . '' 
 her face was a mask as she took all of that in . 
 finally , she got off the bed and snatched the bracelet out of my hand . 
 `` that is my bracelet , and yes , that is my charm . 
 but i lost it weeks ago . 
 i certainly was n't hanging out in a cave , conjuring up ` hedge magic . ' 
 and what does that even mean ? '' 
 `` it 's something - '' `` do n't say you read it on the internet . '' 
 `` you do say that a lot , '' dex said , and for once he did n't sound like he was joking . 
 in fact , i could swear that was actual suspicion on his face as he watched me . 
 `` first the salt thing , now witches summoning ghosts ... ' '' romy was looking at me weird , too . 
 `` what salt thing ? '' 
 glaring at dex , i said , `` it was nothing . 
 and besides , it did n't work . '' 
 `` all this stuff did start happening when you showed up , '' anderson said , his voice very quiet . 
 i threw up my hands . 
 `` what the heck ? 
 you said you 'd been investigating the mary evans thing since mr. snyder . 
 and that was months ago . '' 
 `` there were n't any hedgehogs trying to blow up the gym months ago , '' anderson offered . 
 `` it has nothing to do with me , '' i insisted , but even as i said it , a shiver ran down my spine . 
 that was true . 
 they 'd had one incident before i came here . 
 now all hell had broken loose . 
 had i somehow unleashed all of this ? 
 `` you seem to know an awful lot about ghosts for someone who claims to not care about the paranormal , '' romy spit out . 
 anderson was nodding slowly , and even dex seemed troubled . 
 `` the thing with the salt , '' he repeated . 
 `` the day after that , beth ended up nearly becoming roadkill . '' 
 `` i was trying to trap mary 's ghost , '' i fired back . 
 `` not help her kill beth . '' 
 it was the wrong thing to say . 
 anderson 's face went hard . 
 `` you saw her at the graveyard the night before beth nearly got mowed down ? '' 
 he asked dex . 
 dex nodded . 
 `` she did say she was trying to keep the ghost in the grave . '' 
 `` which clearly did n't work . '' 
 `` if i were trying to get beth killed , why would i have saved her life ? '' 
 `` like you said , you did n't want anyone to get hurt , '' romy said . 
 `` you felt guilty . '' 
 `` no , i did n't ! '' 
 i said . 
 or rather , yelled . 
 romy actually flinched . 
 trying to soften my tone , i added , `` i did n't feel guilty because i have nothing to feel guilty about . 
 i did n't call forth any ghosts . 
 you did . '' 
 `` no , '' romy said through clenched teeth , `` i . 
 did n't . '' 
 `` okay , fine , '' i said , so frustrated i wanted to shake her . 
 `` you did n't . 
 some other person came in here and stole your bracelet and started doing spells all over the place . 
 the point is , we need to stop it . 
 this ghost is dangerous , romy . 
 and you ca n't stop her with a blinking box and a tinfoil hat . '' 
 romy swung an accusatory glare at dex . 
 `` stop talking about the hat . '' 
 `` that 's what you 're choosing to be upset about ? '' 
 `` if our blinking boxes and tinfoil hats are so stupid to you , izzy , maybe you should n't be in pms anymore , '' anderson said . 
 i was surprised at how much that stung . 
 and even more surprised that dex stayed quiet . 
 when i looked over at him in the beanbag chair , he was staring at the carpet , chewing his thumbnail . 
 `` fine , '' i said , wishing my voice had n't wavered . 
 `` go ahead . 
 deal with the crazy , murderous ghost on your own . 
 i was just trying to help . '' 
 `` we do n't need your help , '' romy said , and to my horror , my eyes started watering . 
 before the group could see that , i grabbed my backpack and , with as much dignity as i could muster , walked out of romy 's room , closing the door behind me . 
 the walk to my house did n't take long , but with every step , i got angrier and angrier . 
 this is what happened when you get involved with regular kids . 
 stupid kids , who summoned a ghost and probably were going to get killed by it . 
 and that was fine . 
 that 's what happened when people messed with stuff that was way over their heads . 
 so sue me for trying to step in and use , oh , i do n't know , a thousand years of bloodline and experience and training to keep them safe . 
 let them wear their tinfoil hats . 
 and let dex - the tears nearly spilled over then , but i stopped just outside my front door and took a deep breath . 
 no . 
 i was n't going to cry over him . 
 them . 
 whatever . 
 mom 's car was parked in the driveway , so i called out for her when i went inside . 
 `` in here , '' she answered from the kitchen . 
 i walked down the hall , and was surprised to find maya standing next to the sink with mom . 
 `` what are you - '' i started to say , but before i could get out any more , mom turned to me . 
 she was n't smiling , but her eyes were practically shining . 
 `` it 's finn , '' she said . 
 `` we got a lead on finn . '' 
 chapter 30 `` what ? '' 
 was all i could say . 
 moving quickly , mom grabbed her jacket from a kitchen chair . 
 `` a girl just a few counties over disappeared last week . 
 same as finley . 
 got involved with a coven of dark witches and vanished . '' 
 `` oh , '' i said , trying to keep the disappointment out of my voice . 
 the news was great , better than anything we 'd gotten so far . 
 but it did n't seem like much . 
 for some reason , when mom said she had a lead , i thought it would mean ... more . 
 that we could have finley back tonight . 
 i suddenly wanted that more than anything in the world . 
 finn and i had fought , and maybe we 'd never painted our nails together , but she had n't lied to me . 
 she had n't summoned ghosts and then called me a freak . 
 `` anyway , maya is going to stay here with you until i get back . 
 should be later tonight , maybe early tomorrow morning . '' 
 `` i do n't need a babysitter , '' i said , but mom waved that off . 
 `` not now , izzy . 
 with everything that 's been going on , i 'd rather you did n't stay here alone . '' 
 `` besides , '' maya said , moving to the stove , where she was boiling something that smelled like rosemary and death , `` we 'll have a big time . 
 i can braid your hair , teach you a few incantations ... '' i gave the least enthusiastic `` yay '' of all time . 
 `` as soon as i get back , we 'll deal with your hedge witch friend , and then we can get home , '' mom said , startling me . 
 i whirled around to face mom . 
 `` you know ? 
 how ? '' 
 flipping her hair over the collar of her coat , mom glanced out toward the hall . 
 `` torin is not always completely useless . '' 
 no , but he was completely slimy and untrustworthy . 
 `` he should n't have told you , '' i insisted . 
 `` this is my case , and i 'm handling it . '' 
 `` it was your case when it was a run-of-the-mill haunting . 
 or figuring out what kind of prodigium that boy was . 
 which you never did , apparently . '' 
 `` i was working on it , '' i told her , but mom frowned . 
 `` it 's time to put an end to this entire case , iz , and you 're too involved . 
 as soon as i get back , we 're finishing it . 
 besides , it 's getting dangerous . '' 
 `` it has n't been that dangerous , '' i said , conveniently ignoring the whole pyromaniac hedgehog thing . 
 but mom shook her head . 
 `` you 're done . 
 if we ca n't put a stop to this haunting now , it 's only going to get worse . 
 the more afraid people get , the stronger that ghost will become , and the stronger she becomes , the more people she can hurt . 
 if we 're not careful , this will become a cycle that pretty much ca n't be stopped . '' 
 `` how will you stop mary ? '' 
 i asked mom , and her eyes slide from mine . 
 `` stay here with maya , and when i get back , we 'll fix this . '' 
 `` you 'll fix this , you mean , '' i muttered . 
 normally , that would 've gotten me a sharp `` isolde ! '' 
 and a remark about talking back . 
 but to my surprise , this time , mom just crossed the kitchen and laid her palm against my cheek . 
 `` you 've done great here . 
 you 've proven yourself , and i am proud of you . 
 but it 's time to walk away now . '' 
 the last time mom had touched my face i 'd been ten years old and she 'd thought i had a fever . 
 that must 've been why i just nodded and said , `` okay . '' 
 mom dropped her hand with a little smile . 
 `` good . '' 
 turning to maya , she lifted a canvas bag off the table . 
 `` i 'll call from the road . '' 
 `` bring her home , ash , '' maya said , stirring her concoction . 
 `` i 'm going to try , '' mom replied , and with one last look at me , she was gone . 
 as soon as the front door closed , maya opened a cabinet and began pulling out a couple of bowls . 
 `` you want some ? '' 
 she asked , gesturing to the stove . 
 `` um ... no . 
 i 've got something to do . '' 
 before she could offer me anything else-eye of newt tea , bird 's feet stew-i took off to the guest room . 
 once the door was shut behind me i marched over to torin 's mirror , smacking the frame as hard as i could . 
 he stumbled , falling against the bed . 
 `` what in the world are you doing ? '' 
 `` do n't . '' 
 i pointed at him . 
 `` i wanted to figure out what to do about romy on my own . 
 i trusted you . '' 
 `` and i was only trying to help , '' he insisted . 
 `` you could 've been hurt , and for what ? 
 a trio of ungrateful children ? 
 they turned on you , did n't they . '' 
 it was n't a question . 
 his words stung , but i tried not to let it show . 
 `` they did n't turn on me . 
 they had every reason to suspect i was a freak because hey , news flash , i am a freak . 
 it does n't make them ungrateful . 
 it makes them ... smart . '' 
 torin frowned . 
 `` isolde - '' i reached out and covered his mirror , suddenly tired and sadder than i 'd thought possible . 
 after trudging up the stairs i spent the rest of the afternoon putting my few belongings back in the duffel bag , and watching the last few episodes of ivy springs , season three . 
 but somehow , even everton and leslie finally getting together -lrb- and riding off in a hot air balloon , which may have been even weirder than the episode where leslie dreamed she and everton were on the titanic -rrb- still could n't cheer me up . 
 once it was dark , i decided to go down to the kitchen and talk to maya . 
 hopefully , she was done cooking . 
 she was humming when i walked in and puttering with the sad little basil plant mom had bought at walmart . 
 it had been sitting , pathetic and abandoned , on our windowsill for a while . 
 `` no bird 's feet , i 'm guessing ? '' 
 maya asked as i walked in . 
 `` fresh out , '' i told her . 
 now that the kitchen no longer smelled like evil magic , i thought i might try to cook some dinner . 
 maybe carbs would cheer me up where ivy springs had failed . 
 as i pulled out a box of macaroni and cheese , maya gave a cheerful smile . 
 `` no matter , '' she said , heading for the fruit bowl in the middle of the table . 
 i 'd just done the grocery shopping a few days ago , so there were several apples and a couple of bananas in there . 
 my pasta forgotten , i watched as maya picked up two apples and one banana and laid them on either side of the basil plant . 
 muttering something under her breath , she held on to the little pot of basil , and the leaves began to turn green and bright . 
 but as they did , the apples and banana shriveled , going brown . 
 once the basil was as perky as it could possibly be , maya reached up and took off one of the several silver hoops in her ears . 
 `` that 's ... bizarre , '' i said at last . 
 `` hedge magic ! '' 
 she trilled with a little shrug . 
 i scowled . 
 real magic , hedge magic , all of it apparently led to the same place : with everything crappy and awful . 
 but it was n't just that . 
 something was bothering me . 
 it made sense that romy was the one summoning ghosts , whether she 'd meant to or not , but there was still this little niggling doubt in the back of my mind . 
 romy was a terrible liar , but she 'd looked genuinely confused and hurt in her bedroom today . 
 and there had n't been any guilt in her face when i 'd shown her the heart charm , just puzzlement . 
 `` maya , '' i said as she continued to cluck over the plant , `` let 's say you have a hedge witch summoning ghosts , and the one she 's summoned is all big and scary and dangerous . '' 
 maya turned back to me , her eyes sad . 
 `` honey , most of the time , you can just get a witch to send the ghost back herself . '' 
 breathing a sigh of relief , i sat the box of pasta on the counter . 
 `` that 's what i 'd been thinking - '' `` but , '' maya interrupted . 
 `` this is not a normal case . 
 the ghost is too powerful . 
 by this point , the only way to stop that ghost is to sever the connection with the witch who did the summoning . 
 hedge witch , ` real ' witch , it does n't matter . 
 stop the witch , you stop the ghost . '' 
 i tore open the box of macaroni even though i was far from hungry anymore . 
 `` and by stop , you mean ... '' `` kill , yes . '' 
 she touched one of the charms around her neck . 
 `` it 's unfortunate , but that 's the way of it . '' 
 my feet were bare , and when i looked down i saw my bright red toenails . 
 a lump rose in my throat . 
 `` she made a mistake . 
 she did a dumb thing , but she should n't have to pay for it with her life . 
 there has to be some other way . '' 
 when i glanced up , maya was wringing her hands . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` it 's just ... '' she broke off , huffing out a breath . 
 `` oh , your mama would kill me if she knew i was even whispering about this , but ... there 's maybe one way . 
 to sever the connection without severing your friend 's jugular . '' 
 i pushed the box of macaroni away . 
 `` yeah , i 'm going to need to hear about that . '' 
 `` but it 's dangerous and potentially unstable , and is really one of those tricks best left to those pro-whatchamacallit witches . '' 
 leaning forward , i pressed my hands on the counter . 
 `` maya , whatever it is , i 'll try it . '' 
 she filled me in on what exactly the ritual would require-and do-and while by the end of it , my heart was pounding and my eyes were huge , i agreed that it sounded a lot better than letting my mom run romy through with a dagger . 
 `` okay , '' i said , pointing at maya . 
 `` you go get the supplies you need , i 'll call romy and get her over here . '' 
 but when i dialed romy 's cell there was no answer . 
 she was probably avoiding me , and i could n't blame her . 
 luckily , i had her house number too , and i dialed that . 
 romy 's mom answered , and when i said who i was , she sounded surprised . 
 `` oh ! 
 izzy . 
 i thought for sure you 'd be out with the rest of them . '' 
 my heart lodged somewhere in my throat . 
 `` the rest of who ? '' 
 `` the club . 
 romy said you 'd called a special meeting tonight . '' 
 `` oh , right , '' i said , even as my grip threatened to shatter the phone . 
 `` i totally spaced . 
 could you remind me where it is ? '' 
 there was a pause , and then romy 's mom sighed and said , `` god , izzy , you are going to think i am the worst mother , but i honestly do n't remember . '' 
 she gave a little laugh . 
 `` such is life with triplets , i guess . '' 
 i did my best to laugh back , but i could n't get off the phone fast enough . 
 hanging up with her , i hesitated only the briefest second before dialing another number . 
 it picked up on the first ring . 
 `` izzy ? '' 
 `` dex , '' i said , but before i could get anything else out , he rushed in . 
 `` izzy , i 'm so sorry about what happened this afternoon . 
 you know i - '' `` dex ! '' 
 i said again , and mercifully , he stopped babbling . 
 `` are you with romy and anderson ? '' 
 i could hear him sigh . 
 `` no . 
 after you left , i may have quit the club . 
 very dramatically , i should add , complete with - '' i liked dex . 
 a lot . 
 heck , maybe i even more than liked him . 
 but in a crisis , he was not exactly user-friendly . 
 `` do you know where they were going tonight ? '' 
 `` yeah , '' he answered immediately , and i nearly sagged with relief . 
 `` they were going to the cave . 
 you know , the one where we - '' `` right , right , '' i hurried on . 
 `` okay , i think i 've worked out a way we can stop mary evans without hurting romy . '' 
 `` i was unaware romy getting hurt was ever on the table . '' 
 `` it 's not , '' i said , looking over my shoulder to where maya was throwing every canister of salt we had into a duffel bag . 
 at least i hope it 's not . 
 `` do you want me to meet you there ? '' 
 there was no time to think , but i still hesitated , just for a little bit . 
 i did want him to come with me . 
 because no matter how things went tonight , once everything was over , i 'd leave ideal . 
 this was probably my last chance to see him . 
 `` no . '' 
 it came out like kind of a croak , and i cleared my throat . 
 `` no , there 's no need for you to come . 
 i just need to make things right with romy . '' 
 `` okay , '' he said , his voice lower than usual . 
 `` izzy - '' i hung up . 
 whatever he was going to say next would probably just make all of this harder than it was . 
 besides , maya was ready and i needed to go . 
 `` thanks , '' i said , taking the bag and holding out my free hand . 
 `` if you 'll just give me your keys - '' but maya blocked the front door , hands on her wide hips . 
 `` no way , '' she said . 
 `` i promised your mom i 'd watch you , and letting you run off to fight a hedge witch and a homicidal ghost is probably one of those things she 'd frown on . 
 besides , you 'll need my help with the ritual . '' 
 reminding myself that decking old ladies is wrong , i took a deep breath . 
 `` maya , i appreciate that , but my friends are in danger , and i have to help them . 
 on my own . '' 
 but instead of being impressed with what i thought was a pretty stoic delivery , maya laughed . 
 `` you brannicks are always saying that . '' 
 she dropped her voice an octave or so . '' ' 
 i have to do this alone . 
 this is my sole duty . 
 i can not accept help . ' '' 
 shaking her head , she said , `` but you do n't do it alone . 
 you never have . 
 there 's always people like me , or that weirdo you keep in a mirror , or these kids at your school . '' 
 leaning forward , she took me by the shoulders . 
 `` you are n't alone , izzy . 
 you or your mom or , when we find her , finley . 
 and whether you like it or not , you need help . 
 and you 're getting it . 
 so get your skinny little butt in my car , and let 's go kick some ghost ass . '' 
 chapter 31 anderson 's car was parked outside of the cave when we pulled up . 
 leaning over the steering wheel , maya whistled low . 
 `` well , if this is n't the perfect setting for a ghost face-off , i do n't know what is . '' 
 i looked into the mouth of the cave , but everything was dark . 
 still , they were in there , i was sure of it . 
 getting out of the car , i walked to the trunk . 
 maya and i were just hefting out our bag of supplies when a splash of headlights lit up the gloom . 
 `` who on earth - '' maya started , but i recognized the burgundy town car immediately . 
 even though i should have been horrified , i could n't stop the giddy leap of my heart or the sudden smile that wanted to break out over my face . 
 the car stopped , and dex loped out of the passenger side . 
 `` i told you not to come , '' i said , walking over to him . 
 he threw up his hands . 
 `` and yet . 
 now what are we doing here ? '' 
 he squinted past me at maya , who was already toting the bag into the cave . 
 `` dex , '' i said , pushing my hands into my back pockets so i would n't do something stupid like hug him . 
 `` this could get-wait , you did n't drive . '' 
 running a hand up and down the back of his neck , dex sighed . 
 `` yes , my nana had to drive me . 
 you see , apparently , nearly being blown up at school was somehow my fault , so now i 'm grounded . 
 but when i explained that my fair isolde had need of me ... '' i looked up into his blue eyes , taking in tonight 's scarf , which was a riot of turquoise and purple . 
 his curly black hair was sticking up , and oh man , he was right . 
 i did need him . 
 kind of a lot . 
 which was just so , so unfortunate . 
 `` dexter ! '' 
 nana called , rolling down her window . 
 `` ah , yes . '' 
 he jogged back to the car , resting his hand on her windowsill and ducking his head inside . 
 `` nana , izzy needs me to go into this cave to get our friends . 
 i 'm going to help her with that , while you wait right here . '' 
 nana smiled at me . 
 `` hello , izzy . 
 dexter , you know i always appreciate your being helpful , but this seems ... '' she looked past us toward the cave , and dex craned his head over his shoulder , following her gaze . 
 `` i know it looks vaguely unsanitary and potentially scandalous , nana , but i promise that izzy and i are only pursuing noble ... pursuits . 
 we 've even got a chaperone ! 
 izzy , who was that woman who went into the cave ? '' 
 i blanked , not sure how to describe maya . 
 i settled on , `` my ... also my nana . '' 
 `` see ? '' 
 dex said brightly , ducking his head in to kiss his nana 's cheek . 
 `` izzy 's nana ! 
 we are totally safe and appropriate . '' 
 i was n't sure nana was convinced , but she pursed her lips and said , `` no longer than ten minutes , dexter . '' 
 he gave her a jaunty salute , and we turned and walked into the mouth of the cave . 
 maya was in the first chamber , spreading salt . 
 it was to dex 's credit that he just took her in with a `` huh , '' and followed me deeper into the cave . 
 `` okay , so - '' i started , but then his hand grasped my shoulders , turning me so that my back was against the cavern wall . 
 `` i like you . '' 
 bewildered , i blinked at him . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` i. like . 
 you , '' dex repeated , and for once there was no glimmer in his eyes , no smile lurking on his lips . 
 `` i have since that morning on the track , and i should 've made that clearer by now . '' 
 somewhere in this cave , romy and anderson were very possibly in danger . 
 `` dex , seriously , now is not the - '' `` no , '' he said , giving me a little shake . 
 `` there is never going to be the right time , izzy . 
 i 've figured that out by now . 
 every time i try to tell you this , you brush it off or do n't let me finish , or someone tries to blow up the gym . 
 so i 'm telling you now . 
 i like you . 
 and it has nothing to do with spells or near-death excitement or any of the other bs excuses you like to come up with . '' 
 `` dex , '' i said again , helplessly . 
 `` and you like me , too , '' he went on , and there , at last , was the smile . 
 `` that 's not just me being arrogant , by the way . 
 although i understand that that 's sometimes a problem . 
 but '' - he hurried on when i opened my mouth to reply - `` i can work on that . 
 if you want . 
 even though i think you secretly like that , too . '' 
 maybe it was knowing that we were about to walk into something really scary . 
 maybe i was afraid that , even if i did n't get killed tonight , dex might . 
 or maybe i just really wanted to kiss him . 
 in any case , i fisted my hands in the front of his shirt and jerked him to me . 
 our lips met , and if this kiss was n't as ... thorough as the first one , it felt bigger somehow . 
 more important . 
 `` you 're right , '' i panted , once i 'd wrenched my mouth from his . 
 `` i like you . 
 a lot . 
 and i just wanted you to know that , too . 
 but - '' dex just kissed me again , a quick peck on the lips , really . 
 `` no , '' he whispered . 
 `` no buts . 
 now . 
 let 's go get romy and anderson . '' 
 almost as though his words had summoned it , there was a sudden flare of blue light from farther back in the cave system . 
 `` crap , '' i muttered , tugging dex 's hand . 
 we followed a twisting , narrow path that finally opened up onto a bigger chamber . 
 keeping dex behind me , i walked in , not sure what i was going to see . 
 but it was just anderson , his back to us . 
 dex blew out a relieved breath . 
 `` oh , there you are , man . 
 we were - '' but then anderson began backing up slowly , his hands held out at his sides . 
 as he turned , we could see romy standing in front of him . 
 blue light pulsed all around her , and mary evans suddenly appeared , standing just in front of romy , almost like she was superimposed over her . 
 she wore a long white dress , and her blond hair was plastered to her face . 
 then mary vanished , and romy was there again , holding a long silver knife to anderson 's chest . 
 dex hissed a four-letter word under his breath , and i held my arm out , keeping him behind me . 
 romy glanced over at me , her face briefly becoming mary 's again . 
 the effect was unsettling and awful . 
 `` i wanted you , '' she said , two voices coming out of romy 's mouth . 
 `` you felt strong and ... different . 
 i thought if i could get inside of you , i could burn the world . '' 
 i stepped back slightly , pushing dex . 
 `` i 'm actually not much of a fan of world burning , so ... '' romy laughed , and it echoed eerily in the cavern . 
 `` it does n't matter . 
 i can make this one pay . '' 
 she jabbed at anderson with the knife , and he gave a startled sound of pain . 
 `` anderson did n't do anything to you , '' i said , but she laughed again , shaking her head , her features flipping between romy 's and mary 's so quickly they blurred . 
 `` no , but the men who did are dead . '' 
 `` no one hurt you , '' anderson said , his voice wavering . 
 `` y-you died of exposure . '' 
 grinning , mary/romy flicked the knife . 
 one of the buttons on anderson 's shirt went flying off into the darkness . 
 `` that 's what they say , is n't it ? 
 that i froze , all alone , waiting for my child 's father . 
 a tragic fate , but not a cruel one . 
 freezing to death is supposed to be peaceful . 
 like slipping into a warm bath and then a long sleep . '' 
 she stepped closer , and i saw the very tip of the knife pierce anderson 's chest . 
 `` but burning to death ? 
 that is very . 
 far . 
 from . 
 peaceful . '' 
 she screamed the last word , and all of us cringed as it bounced off the rock walls . 
 `` that 's what they did , you know , '' mary said . 
 she was completely mary now , even though it was romy 's face and romy 's body . 
 romy 's eyes had never radiated that much hate . 
 `` my father and his friends . 
 when they found me playing at spells . 
 nothing dangerous , nothing harmful . 
 just a love charm to make the man i wanted mine . '' 
 smiling , mary kept advancing on anderson even as he backed up . 
 a thin trickle of blood ran down his shirt . 
 `` and do you know what these good , righteous men of ideal , mississippi , did ? 
 they dragged me to this cave , saying ` thou shalt not suffer a witch to live , ' and they set me on fire . '' 
 `` i 'm so sorry , '' i said , and i was . 
 i thought of that sweet , shy , smiling girl in the picture . 
 she had n't deserved to die like that . 
 no one did . 
 but that did n't mean i could let her hurt innocent people . 
 `` and now , '' mary continued , `` i will make everyone suffer . '' 
 she lunged forward , but i was ready . 
 grabbing anderson 's arm , i spun him away from mary , shoving him toward dex and the passageway . 
 mary 's blade sunk into my arm , the pain somehow icy cold and burning at the same time , but i gritted my teeth and struck out with my other hand . 
 the blow sent her reeling backward . 
 `` that 's the thing with possessing people , '' i said , pushing the boys out of the cavern . 
 `` people have bodies , which makes them a lot easier to beat up than a ghost . '' 
 mary screamed in rage , but i kept pushing dex and anderson , praying i 'd given maya the time she needed to set everything up . 
 we came tearing into the main cavern , our feet skidding on the salt covering the floor . 
 maya stood at the ready , and when mary ran in , maya shouted a word . 
 the effect was instant and painful . 
 the whole cavern seemed to ring like a bell , and mary shrieked , falling to her knees . 
 once again , she started to flicker , part mary , part romy . 
 maya watched her , eyes wide . 
 `` where 's the witch ? '' 
 `` that 's her , '' i said , breathing hard and pointing at romy where she knelt on the ground . 
 `` the ghost is in her , it ... it possessed her . '' 
 maya was holding some kind of herbs in one hand and an ancient-looking book in the other . 
 she let both drop to the ground . 
 `` oh , hon , '' she said , so sad . 
 `` then there 's nothing i can do . 
 the witch and the ghost , they have to be separate for this ritual to work . '' 
 romy was writhing on the floor as though the salt was burning her . 
 there was nothing of the girl i knew in her face , but i could n't bear the thought of having to kill her . 
 not when she 'd painted my toenails and made me laugh and been the first person i 'd ever called friend . 
 maya came to my side , holding out the small silver dagger she 'd brought , just in case . 
 automatically , i tried to shove the dagger back toward her , but maya gently pressed the hilt into my palm . 
 `` sweetheart , she 's in pain . 
 a lot of it . 
 if this does n't work , you need to set her free . '' 
 bile rose in my throat . 
 `` do you want me to do it ? '' 
 maya asked , and next to me , both dex and anderson stared . 
 `` do what ? '' 
 anderson asked just as dex said , `` i know you 're not suggesting what - '' but i ignored them both . 
 this was my fault . 
 if i 'd done something the instant i 'd found out romy had summoned mary , maybe there would have been enough time . 
 maybe we could 've fixed it before mary got so strong . 
 and if this did n't stop now , every person in ideal would be in danger . 
 mary 's rage would get stronger and stronger , her desire to hurt even more intense . 
 this had to end . 
 and i had to be the one to end it . 
 my hand closed around the hilt of the dagger , but before i could take it from maya , a voice rang out in the cave . 
 `` dexter ? '' 
 the four of us turned slowly to see dexter 's nana . 
 she was wearing a sweatshirt embroidered with kittens , and the firelight turned her glasses into glowing orbs . 
 `` nana , i can explain , '' dex said , as his gaze swung from me and the dagger back to romy , crumpled on the floor , and back again . 
 `` oh , dear , '' nana said , stepping forward . 
 `` i believe this may be all my fault . '' 
 chapter 32 `` nana , how on earth could this be your fault ? '' 
 she nodded at romy . 
 `` there 's ... there 's a ghost in that young girl , is n't there ? '' 
 dumbly , all four of us nodded . 
 nana sniffed . 
 `` yes , that 's what i thought . 
 mary evans . 
 you know , she was the local legend when i was a girl growing up here . 
 there were rumors she was a witch and ... '' she broke off with a chuckle . 
 `` well , maybe i sympathized with her . 
 i had always done the odd little charm myself . '' 
 she stopped suddenly , moving closer to dex , who was watching her with a mixture of horror and confusion . 
 `` i did n't mean to do it . '' 
 her hand , as it cupped his cheek , was trembling . 
 `` but you were lying there on the floor , and you could n't breathe . '' 
 dex reared back slightly . 
 `` what ? '' 
 nana shook her head , tears sliding down her face . 
 `` your chest , it-it kept moving , but no air was getting in , and your eyes ... '' she gave a shuddering sigh . 
 `` those beautiful eyes were so scared . 
 i 'd been doing hedge magic all my life . 
 bringing back plants , doing the odd luck spell . 
 it 's why my cooking is so good . 
 so in that moment , i just ... acted . 
 said the words to a spell i 'd done a hundred times to make my petunias bloom . '' 
 clearing her throat , she reached into her handbag and pulled out a tissue . 
 as she dabbed at her eyes , nana said , `` and then you were back . 
 just like that . 
 killed every plant within a ten-block radius , but you were back . 
 so i put my silver bracelet on you , and i. . . 
 i hoped . '' 
 she nodded at the bracelet . 
 `` that 's what anchors the spell , what anchors your soul in your body . '' 
 `` but it was n't enough , '' i said softly , remembering maya just that evening , bringing our basil plant back to life . 
 nana gave a little laugh . 
 `` no , it was n't . 
 a human soul is a powerful thing , izzy . 
 it takes so much power to hold it . 
 and no matter how many plants or birds or stray dogs i drained , it was like i could feel dex 's soul flickering . 
 so i looked to other spell books , tried other rituals . '' 
 `` and ended up summoning a really pissed-off ghost . '' 
 `` an unfortunate side effect , '' she sniffed . 
 `` but really , i 've just been delaying the inevitable . 
 until an entire human life force is drained off , given to dex , his existence is just ... temporary . '' 
 finally i understood what i 'd sensed when i had touched dex . 
 no wonder he 'd felt both magic and non-magic . 
 magic was keeping him alive . 
 in his own way , he was a ghost . 
 or a zombie . 
 which meant i 'd kissed ... no , definitely a ghost . 
 dex was shaking his head and blinking , backing away from his nana . 
 `` no , '' he said , hands trembling . 
 `` no , no , no , that is not possible . 
 i ca n't be dead , and this '' - he hooked one finger under his bracelet - `` ca n't be the only thing keeping me alive . '' 
 nana calmly regarded him through her glasses . 
 `` take it off , then . '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 i cried , as dex started to tug at the silver around his wrist . 
 but he froze , finger coiled around the metal . 
 `` i ca n't . '' 
 `` compulsion spell , '' nana said . 
 `` i did n't want to risk anything . '' 
 knees giving out , dex sunk to the floor , head in one hand . 
 `` no , '' he said , but i could see a tear splash down into the salt . 
 when he lifted his face , his eyes were red . 
 `` nana , how could you do something like ... '' trailing off , he looked at romy , crumpled and sobbing , clearly in pain . 
 `` that 's because of me . 
 mr. snyder , a-and beth tanner , and the gym . 
 and now romy , the first friend i made at that stupid school , is possessed by a freaking vengeful ghost that you summoned because you were so busy trying to keep me alive . '' 
 dex was crying , but he got up off the floor , dusting the salt from his pin-striped pants . 
 `` i 'm not letting that happen . 
 if i die , will this stop ? 
 will the-the energy or whatever is powering the ghost shut down ? '' 
 behind him , maya shook her head no , but dex was already tugging at his bracelet again . 
 `` because i 'll take this off . 
 if me dying means that romy can be okay , then i 'm fine with that . 
 apparently i 've been living on borrowed time anyway . '' 
 his whole body was shaking , but he held his chin high and his gaze was steady . 
 he would do it , i had no doubt . 
 nana stepped forward , trying to cup his face , but he flinched from her touch . 
 `` no , sweet boy , '' she said gently . 
 `` this is n't all your fault . 
 it 's mine . 
 i just ... '' her voice wavered , and this time , when she tried to touch him , dex let her , albeit reluctantly . 
 `` i just loved you so much . 
 and i 'm so sorry i 've hurt people , but i 'm so glad i got this extra year with you . '' 
 confused , dex shook his head , but nana was already moving toward romy . 
 kneeling down , she patted romy 's hair and then reached into her handbag and pulled out a tiny blade . 
 i stepped forward , but maya caught my arm . 
 in a series of quick moves , nana sliced an x into her palm and laid her bloody hand on romy 's back . 
 then she smiled at dex . 
 `` i love you , '' she told him . 
 dex , still shaking , only stared at her . 
 nana looked to romy , who had flickered back to mary . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' she told her . 
 `` i should have let you rest . 
 i had no idea what had really been done to you , or how angry you were . '' 
 `` nana - '' dex said , but she just ducked her head and whispered something . 
 the light that filled the cave was blinding and sudden , and came with a concussive boom that made us all stagger backward . 
 when i could finally see again , romy was sitting up , blearily shaking her head while anderson knelt down next to her . 
 `` um , ow , '' she murmured , and it was so clearly romy-only romy-that a sudden sob of relief welled up in my throat . 
 but then there was another sob . 
 dex was on his knees by his nana . 
 her eyes were closed and she was smiling slightly , but there was no doubt she was gone . 
 he lifted his tearstained face to me and maya . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 maya shook her head . 
 `` i 'm not sure . 
 i 've never heard that spell she used before . '' 
 crouching down , she gently lifted dex 's hand from nana 's back . 
 his shoulders were heaving , and i wanted to say something , do something , but i had no idea where to start . 
 without warning , maya flicked the clasp on dex 's bracelet and i darted forward , hand out . 
 `` maya ! '' 
 the bracelet fell harmlessly to the ground , but dex stayed right where he was . 
 still breathing-well , wheezing actually . 
 he fished his inhaler out of his pocket and jammed it into his mouth , eyes on the bracelet . 
 once his breathing sounded normal again , maya laid a hand on his shoulder . 
 `` that 's what i thought . 
 she knew that the only way to stop mary was for her to die . 
 but whatever that spell was , it did n't just kill her , it ... transferred her . 
 put her life energy into you . '' 
 dex lowered the inhaler . 
 `` so , i 'm ... not going to die ? '' 
 shrugging , maya picked up the bracelet and pressed it into dex 's palm . 
 `` well , eventually you will , just like we all will . 
 but not today . '' 
 with that , she pulled dex into a hug . 
 in shock , dex raised his arms almost numbly and draped them around her neck . 
 `` nana did the right thing in the end , '' maya said . 
 `` and she did it for you . '' 
 if dex replied , i could n't hear it . 
 chapter 33 `` so , you were ... dead . '' 
 `` romy , '' i warned , but she just shrugged and pulled the blanket tighter around her . 
 `` look , i get that he 's traumatized , but hey , i am , too . '' 
 `` we all are , '' anderson muttered . 
 the four of us were sitting in my living room , romy and anderson huddled on the couch , me in the one recliner we had , and dex at my feet , his arms wrapped around his knees , a blanket over his shoulders . 
 he had n't said anything since we 'd left the cave . 
 but now he looked at romy , and a ghost of his old grin crossed his face . 
 `` yeah , i was . 
 and still better looking than any of the other guys at mary evans high . '' 
 his voice wavered a little on the end , and he went back to chewing his thumbnail . 
 i wanted to lay my hand on top of his head or pat his back . 
 something . 
 instead , i crossed my arms over my chest . 
 `` so he was dead , '' romy reiterated , nodding at dex . 
 `` and you '' - she looked at me - `` you 're some kind of awesome monster slayer . '' 
 `` i do n't feel so awesome right now , '' i muttered . 
 maybe because no monsters had been slain . 
 sure , we 'd stopped the hedge witch and brought an end to the hauntings , but this did n't feel even a little bit like winning . 
 not when i looked at dex 's shattered expression . 
 his nana had n't been evil . 
 just wrong . 
 and to be honest , i wondered if she 'd even been that . 
 what would i have done to bring finley back if i could 've ? 
 or my mom if something happened to her ? 
 when you do n't have much family left , you 'll do anything to protect what you have . 
 the front door opened and we all jumped , but it was just maya . 
 dex stood up as she came in . 
 `` you took care of her ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` you did n't just ... leave her there ? '' 
 maya had stayed behind at the cave to , in her words , `` put things to rights . '' 
 now she patted dexter 's arm , sympathy written all over her broad face . 
 `` i did . 
 with respect . 
 she was a sister , and we have ways of handling these things . '' 
 confused , dex stared at her . 
 `` a sis-oh , right , because you were both witches . 
 because that 's real . 
 that 's a thing that really happens , and my nana was one . '' 
 he went back to sitting and chewing . 
 letting him have a moment , i turned to romy and anderson . 
 `` so if it was dex 's nana accidentally raising ghosts , why was your charm in that cave ? '' 
 i asked romy . 
 grimacing , she took another sip of the tea maya had made . 
 `` i told you , i have no idea . 
 i lost the stupid thing . '' 
 from the other end of the couch , anderson cleared his throat . 
 `` um ... i might actually know why . 
 i took the charm . '' 
 romy 's blanket slipped off her shoulders as she sat up . 
 `` you what ? 
 why ? '' 
 anderson 's face was bright red , matching the plaid throw draped around him . 
 `` i saw this thing on the internet about doing a. . . 
 a love spell . '' 
 he mumbled the last words so much that it sounded like he said , `` abubsmell . '' 
 `` you did a love spell on me ? '' 
 romy said , her `` me '' becoming a shriek . 
 `` yes ! '' 
 anderson said , tossing the blanket off and getting up to pace the living room . 
 `` and i know that 's awful , and i should n't have , but ... i liked you , and i thought it could n't hurt . '' 
 he hung his head a little . 
 `` so that 's why we kissed at the graveyard that night . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 huh . 
 so dex and i had n't been the only ones using our pms field trip romantically . 
 romy slugged anderson on the shoulder . 
 `` you idiot , '' she cried . 
 `` did you do the love spell in eighth grade ? '' 
 `` what ? 
 no . 
 i did it , like , last month . '' 
 `` well , eighth grade is when i started liking you , '' romy said , hitting him again . 
 `` so no , it was n't the love spell that made me kiss you in the graveyard . 
 and it 's not the love spell making me kiss you now . '' 
 with that , she grabbed the front of his shirt and yanked his mouth down to hers . 
 it had been an awful night . 
 a night so full of bad , even everton and leslie would 've shuddered , and they had once spent a night getting chased by a serial killer on a train . 
 but seeing romy and anderson kiss , i smiled . 
 they were safe and happy , and that had to be worth something . 
 looking over at dex , i saw that he was smiling , too . 
 our eyes met , and i wondered if he was thinking the same thing . 
 the four of us , plus maya , sat there for another hour or so before romy and anderson decided they should head home . 
 as they walked to the door , i stopped romy . 
 `` look , i 'm sorry about - '' she pulled me into a hug before i had time to finish . 
 `` i 'm sorry , too . '' 
 i wrapped my arms tight around her , hugging her back , and when she pulled away , i hoped she would n't see the tears in my eyes . 
 `` i 'm probably going to take tomorrow off from school , '' she said . 
 `` and you should , too . 
 maybe you could come over ? 
 see if leslie survives that polar bear attack ? '' 
 my throat tightened , but i made myself nod . 
 `` sure . 
 i 'd like that . '' 
 once they were gone , maya went into the kitchen , ostensibly to make some more tea , but really to give me and dex some alone time , i think . 
 i counted sixteen of my own heartbeats before he said , `` she wo n't see you tomorrow , will she ? '' 
 there was no sense in lying . 
 `` no . 
 as soon as my mom gets back , we 'll leave . '' 
 `` and do what ? '' 
 he asked , looking up at me . 
 `` go to some other town ? 
 fight some other evil ? '' 
 `` your nana was n't evil , dex , '' i said , but he shook his head . 
 `` you know what i mean . '' 
 i sighed . 
 `` yeah . 
 we will . '' 
 standing up , clutching the blanket in front of him , dex met my eyes . 
 `` great . 
 because i 'm coming with you . '' 
 `` dex , '' i said , but he cut me off . 
 `` look , i know you have to do the big hero thing of , ` no , i must work alone , my love for you can only be a hindrance , ' but ... izzy , what else am i supposed to do ? '' 
 his voice quavered . 
 `` my parents are dead . 
 my nana is ... is dead . 
 and magic and monsters are apparently real . 
 i ca n't just forget that . 
 and i get that if you more or less adopt me , that will make things weird for us , but we do n't have to be ... we could just be friends . '' 
 i looked into dex 's blue eyes , remembering how brave he 'd been . 
 he 'd been willing to die to save romy 's life , willing to do it in an instant . 
 he might not be able to run or fight , but dex had the biggest heart of anyone i knew . 
 and i needed that . 
 i needed him . 
 `` i think there may be a friend-shaped spot for you , yeah , '' i said softly , and he smiled . 
 `` but first - '' i hesitated , chewing my lower lip . 
 `` i. . . 
 i need to show you something . '' 
 turning , i led dex down the hall to the guest room . 
 i paused with my hand on the doorknob . 
 `` what i 'm about to show you , it ... it 's pretty weird , '' i warned him . 
 `` oh , right , because everything else that happened tonight was totally typical . '' 
 he was going for quippy , but there were tears streaking his cheeks and his voice sounded shaky . 
 normally , i would 've smiled at his attempt at humor , but what i was about to do was too big for smiling , and dex must 've sensed that . 
 `` sorry , '' he said , laying a hand on my arm . 
 `` i just mean ... whatever weirdness there is , i 'm prepared for it . '' 
 i did n't think there was any way he could be , but i nodded . 
 `` okay , then . '' 
 torin 's mirror was covered up when i opened the door , but i could hear him as he said , `` ah , you 're back ! 
 all hail the conquering hero . '' 
 dex paused in the doorway . 
 `` who was that ? '' 
 `` you 're braced for weird , right ? '' 
 i asked , moving toward the mirror . 
 he visibly swallowed , but after a second , dex nodded . 
 `` braced . 
 weird . 
 bring it . '' 
 i pulled the canvas down from the mirror , and there stood torin , leaning against the bed as always . 
 dex glanced back and forth between the bed in the mirror and the bed in the room before letting out a slow breath . 
 `` okay . 
 yeah , that is ... that is weird , all right . '' 
 `` who the sodding hell is this ? '' 
 torin narrowed his eyes . 
 `` oh , right . 
 that boy who plays all the video games . 
 the one isolde fancies . '' 
 `` torin , '' i said warningly , but dex smiled a little even as his eyes roamed over torin 's mirror . 
 `` oi , '' torin snapped . 
 `` fancy-dress boy , my eyes are up here . '' 
 dex met those eyes , one corner of his mouth still lifted in a half-grin . '' 
 ` fancy-dress boy ? ' 
 this from a dude who dresses like prince ? '' 
 i snorted with laughter and torin scowled . 
 `` prince who ? '' 
 then dex laughed , too , and after a while , the sound actually sounded normal and not choked with tears . 
 `` i do not like him , '' torin declared , pointing at dex . 
 `` i disapprove of your choice of paramour immensely . '' 
 `` he 's not my paramour , '' i said , rolling my eyes . 
 `` he 's my friend . '' 
 `` right , '' dex said , finally letting the blanket slip from his shoulders . 
 rolling them as though he were free of a great weight , dex looked down at me and stuck his hand out . 
 `` friends . '' 
 we shook on it , and there was no tingle of magic this time . 
 but that did n't mean i did n't feel anything . 
 dex 's eyes held mine and i knew i should pull my hand back , but suddenly that was the last thing i wanted to do . 
 `` i am going to be sick , '' torin muttered , turning away . 
 `` completely , riotously sick right here in the mirror ; and let me tell you , that is quite a mess . '' 
 `` so is this . '' 
 dex and i both turned to see mom in the doorway , but before i could say anything , she strode in , a hammer raised high in one fist . 
 with a shriek , we jumped apart as mom brought the hammer down as hard as she could on torin 's mirror . 
 chapter 34 `` mom ! '' 
 i cried as a few shards flew up , making tiny scratches along mom 's arms . 
 but she did n't seem to feel them . 
 torin staggered backward , and in the mirror , the table teetered , nearly falling . 
 for four hundred years , torin had aggravated and frustrated brannicks , but he 'd always been a part of our lives . 
 i 'd always assumed there was some kind of rule that we could n't hurt him . 
 after all , if he could be destroyed , would n't someone have done it by now , to heck with prophecies ? 
 the frame shook , and torin grimaced . 
 or at least i thought he did . 
 it was hard to tell what was going on in all those fractured pieces . 
 mom stood there , breathing hard , the hammer raised . 
 blood dripped down her arms , but she did n't seem to notice it . 
 i waited for the glass to fall out of the frame , for torin to become nothing more than a handful of shards . 
 there was no flash of light or smell of smoke . 
 none of the stuff you expect when magic is happening around you . 
 just a soft `` pop ! '' 
 and suddenly torin was complete again . 
 the glass was n't even scratched , much less cracked . 
 `` that was uncalled for , '' he said , straightening his jerkin . 
 `` you lied to me , '' mom growled . 
 `` you told me you had seen finley , and then sent me on a wild goose chase while izzy nearly got killed . '' 
 her gaze moved to me , her face full of anger and worry and something else i could n't name . 
 `` he was your source ? '' 
 i asked , pointing at torin . 
 `` you 're always telling me not to trust him , and - '' `` with good reason , '' mom said , and now i understood what was in her voice . 
 she was angry not just with torin , but with herself . 
 `` izzy needed a chance to spread her wings , aislinn , '' torin said , giving a bored shrug . 
 `` and you needed to get out of her way . 
 she handled herself masterfully tonight . 
 proved to be a true brannick . '' 
 mom watched him for a long time . 
 `` she 's always been a true brannick , '' she said at last . 
 then she strode forward and grabbed the canvas , covering torin . 
 `` we 're done , '' she said , more to herself than anyone else . 
 `` we should 've been done with him a long time ago . '' 
 she turned back , and for the first time seemed to notice dex . 
 `` who is this ? '' 
 `` i 'm dexter o'neil , mrs. brannick , '' dex said , offering his hand to shake . 
 `` and i 'm hoping you 'll adopt me . '' 
 mom looked back and forth between the two of us before muttering , `` i need a drink , '' and walking out of the room . 
 in the silence that followed , i raised an eyebrow at dex . 
 `` so ... this is my family . 
 sure you want in ? '' 
 dex looked back and forth between the door and torin 's mirror . 
 `` my nana was a witch who kept me alive by raising evil ghosts . 
 the bar for family dysfunction has already been set pretty high . '' 
 half an hour later , we all sat at the kitchen table-me , dex , mom , and maya . 
 i told mom everything that had happened at the cave . 
 when i got to the part about maya handing me the knife , she looked up . 
 `` would you have killed her ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` if it meant destroying the ghost ? '' 
 i thought out it , turning my cup of tea around in my hands . 
 `` i do n't know , '' i finally said . 
 i knew it probably was n't the answer mom wanted , but it was the honest one . 
 `` i do n't think so . 
 i think i would 've tried to find some other way , no matter what . '' 
 to my surprise , mom smiled and reached out . 
 she did n't quite tousle my hair-her hand moved too roughly for that-but it was an affectionate gesture nonetheless . 
 `` you 're a good kid , izzy , '' she said . 
 `` sometimes that 's what being a brannick means . 
 it 's not always about storming in and saving the day yourself . 
 it 's about the willingness to do whatever it takes to keep people safe . 
 i still do n't like that torin lied to me-especially about finn-but - '' `` i do n't like him either , '' dex said , speaking up for the first time since we 'd sat down . 
 `` both for lying to you , and just sort of on general principle . 
 for the record . '' 
 the corner of mom 's mouth lifted in a half smile . 
 `` good to know . 
 so what are we supposed to do with you , dexter o'neil ? '' 
 dex leaned back in his chair , trying to affect that super-casual thing he usually did so well . 
 but his hands were shaking and his face looked ravaged . 
 `` well , i may not have superpowers , and it 's true my asthma may get in the way of much monster chasing , but i did used to be dead , and i faced down a terrifying ghost tonight . 
 so , i 'd like to ... join your gang . 
 or whatever . 
 there are n't any initiation rituals involving blood are there ? '' 
 he shuddered , and mom cut her eyes at me . 
 i gave a little shrug . 
 `` you understand why i might be hesitant to let my daughter 's boyfriend move in with us , right ? '' 
 `` i 'm not her boyfriend , '' dex said , his voice completely serious . 
 `` i 'm just her friend . 
 i swear . '' 
 he lifted his hand in what i think was supposed to be a boy scout salute , but just ended up looking like a vaguely obscene gesture . 
 mom turned back to me . 
 `` that true , iz ? 
 this guy is nothing more than a friend ? '' 
 i looked at dex and ignored the twisting in my heart . 
 he was right . 
 so we had liked each other . 
 we could get over that . 
 especially if it meant dex could stay with us . 
 `` it is , '' i told her . 
 sighing , mom stood up and braced her hands on her lower back . 
 `` well , we 've solved ideal 's ghost problem . 
 so where to next ? '' 
 maya leaned back in her seat . 
 `` i have at least three file folders for you to look through . 
 couple of interesting cases just came in over the last few weeks . '' 
 mom nodded . 
 `` good . 
 and there 's another thing . '' 
 she laid both hands on the table , leaning in so that she could meet my eyes . 
 `` yes , the research i 've been doing is about finley . 
 i 've been trying to track the history of the coven finn was with the night she disappeared , reading up on other vanishings , seeing if there 's anything , any scrap that can help us find her . 
 and i did n't tell you because i. . . '' 
 she looked down , flexing her fingers . 
 `` i did n't want to get your hopes up if it all came to nothing . '' 
 i reached out and covered her hand with my own . 
 `` mom , knowing is better than not knowing every time , okay ? '' 
 after a moment , she squeezed back . 
 `` okay . '' 
 then , slapping her palms on the table , she straightened up . 
 `` so we have more monsters to fight , places to go , and your sister to find . 
 we have our work cut out for us . '' 
 clearing his throat , dex leaned forward and raised his eyebrows . 
 `` and does that ` we ' include me ? '' 
 mom looked down at me , and i could read the question in her eyes . 
 if i said yes , she 'd let dex come with us . 
 which would mean traveling with dex . 
 living with dex . 
 but that would be fine . 
 so we 'd kissed a few times . 
 it was n't like we 'd had some long-lasting relationship or anything . 
 surely downgrading to `` just friends '' and , basically , `` work partners '' would be easy enough . 
 no matter how blue his eyes were . 
 i gave mom the tiniest nod , and she returned it . 
 putting one hand on dex 's shoulder , mom gave him a little shake , making him wince . 
 `` welcome to the brannick family , dexter . '' 
